 Hey y'all, 

Thanks for the votes and comments from previous entries. Please enjoy this entry of the story, because I don't know when I will have time to continue writing about Tim and Nate. This may be a temporary ending, but I already know this won't be the final ending. 

Please vote and comment! Enjoy! 

***** 

Chapter 2.11 The Follow-Up 

With moderate physical therapy, I was able to walk without any aid by my fifth week. It was a very irritating process, but seeing Nate being able to calm his emotions was all I need to energize myself. 

"You'll be able to have great sex in no time," Nate blew into my ears. 

I tilted my head for his pleasure, "Someone's really horny," I massaged my stiff neck, "and it would be nice to get my rocks off. You know, I haven't blew my load since the last time you..." 

"Shhhhh," he hushed me, "that's between you and the other Tim Tim." 

I gave him my best glare, and he pretended he didn't see it. 

"Timothy Chang," the nurse called. Nate gave me a hand and I stood up more or less without losing balance. 

"Here are your medications. Do you need to be instructed?" 

"No, thank you." 

"You have a great day." 

Nate and I nodded back simultaneously back at her. 

We rode the elevator down to the garage. It was the two of us, so Nate leaned in closer, and closer, until he was practically humping me. 

"Camera, Nate." 

"I don't care." 

He stole a quick peck and smiled widely. 

The door slid open and we went out into the structure. The sun hammered in its light against each car, as it reflected the light back at us. 

"You stay here, I'll pull the car up." And he took off, whirling his keys around his fingers. 

I stood there, tired and weary, leaning against the cement column. My bloodshot eyes would have given it away that I haven't sleep well for the past week. Finally, I could close my eyes and rest without stress. 

The engine sound approached me, echoing louder every second. Wait. It's a motorcycle though. Not Nate. Keep resting. 

But the sound was getting closer at me. That's not right. 

Shit! 

I rolled against the column as the front wheel of the motorcycle sanded off where my head was leaning. 

"Nate! Nate!" I yelped. 

The bike rolled back down and the biker flung the tail of the bike to where I'm standing, which prompted me to roll again. I stepped out to the open space and lost my balance when the biker pulled out a suppressed pistol at me. I pressed hard on the rough asphalt, my palms sweating uncontrollably. 

This is the end. Bye, Nate. 

I closed my eyes. 

Boom! Crunch! 

My eyelids twitched as it lifted; Nate smashed his car right to the front of his motorbike. The killer flew across several parking spaces, losing his grip to his weapon midway. He wasn't done though. He got back up in an instant and we ran for the gun. He got it first, but I gripped his forearm and twisted his bulging muscle. I bent under his arm and kicked his armpit with the tip of my shoe, disarming him. But he shoved me hard and I smashed my hip against the bumper of an SUV. 

I clenched my teeth together to lessen the pain. Nate entered into the bubble and kicked the pistol towards me as the killer reached for it. The killer elbowed Nate's stomach, but he hammer-fisted the killer's helmet. The killer backed off, but then lunged at Nate again. He kneed Nate at his hip and head butted him with his helmet. 

The pistol wasn't in a very nice place for me; it was underneath the van next to me. Ahhh, shit. I crawled on my belly, holding my cries in every time my hip stabbed itself with pain. I could clearly see the killer repeatedly punching my lover, but Nate uppercut his chin, staggering him a few steps back. He took the opportunity to sweep him off of his feet and choked the killer. 

I reached under, near the tires. My fingers touched the bottom of the grip slightly. 

They were both back onto their feet. Nate's jab missed but he blocked the killer's uppercut right on time. Still, the killer was able to push Nate into the same cement column and strangled him. At the same time, Nate ripped his helmet off his head. 

I finally picked up the pistol and crawled back out. My hand shook when I lifted my whole arm for the aim, but was unable to do so nicely at the fuckin' killer. Shit. So I placed the grip on the asphalt and tilted it a little to the sky and... 

Poomb. 

"Shiiiiit!" the killer cried in agony. 

I shot him in the inner thigh, an inch or two right of his genitals. 

His trembling and weak hands covered and squeezed his bleeding thigh, dropping to the ground, sobbing and grunting hopelessly. 

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck. Ahhhh!" his high-pitched voice pierced through the hot air. 

Nate hurried to me, "Let me see." He peeled my hand from my injured hip. I took in a sharp breath. 

"It's bruised." 

"Yeah, I know," I grunted. 

When the security guards showed up, Nate flashed his police badge and more cops surrounded the area in minutes. 

When the paramedic wiped my hip with alcohol, I over-straightened my back to an arch against the back door of the ambulance. 

"Relax," he said; his tone was comfortless. 

"Shit! Ahhh! Shit-fuck!" the poor dude was still screaming from embarrassing injury. He was put onto those yellow stretchers, pushing away the doctors who was only trying to help ease his pain. 

"Did you shoot him?" the paramedic asked curiously. 

"Oh hell yeah. That's what he gets for messing with a temporarily disabled person." 

He chuckled at my words. "Is that guy your man?" He pointed at Nate. 

"Yup, that's him." 

"A very hot man," he grinned, "for a very hot traitor." 

I didn't react quick enough, but he already have a mini pistol pointed at my hip. 

"Mother really, really wants to see you," he emphasized. He pushed me onto the seats and closed the back doors as the driver abruptly turns and speeds down the ramp. 

Everyone outside waved at the ambulance, and when we crashed the police cars away from the exit. We were fired upon. A decoy ambulance soon took a turn onto the intersection as we pulled away into smaller streets. We stopped when we arrived near a lake park. 

"Hurry," the paramedic pointed his gun at me, "mother is waiting." 

"I can't... ahhh..." The ache was eating me away, but then he jerked me off the vehicle with no fucks given. 

The breeze cooled my wound, but it added even more pain to it. 

"Timothy, my dear," mother cooed. 

I bit my pale lips, my eyes rolling back from the immense discomfort. 

"Just kill me alright," I shuddered out. 

The driver and the paramedic stood several feet away from me, both equipped with a gun. They pointed it at my brain. 

"No. Not now, Timothy. You always do things wrong. You time things wrong. You fuck your missions wrong. You, are an utter disappointment. You and Damon." 

I swallowed hard and bent a little over to ease my breathing, "What... what did you do to Damon?" 

"Oh," she began pacing around me, "I saw his pretty face. And Kenneth wanted to see him everyday. So... what do you think I did?" 

"Kenneth would be proudly surprised by the gift. But don't you think he's a bit too young for this?" I winced at her; my words dripped with sarcasm. 

She burst out a corrupted laughter, "I'm a generous person, Timothy. So I stuffed Damon like a stuffed animal. I drained out his blood, and took out his organs..." 

I grinned, with pictures of the situation in my mind. 

"And now, Kenneth sleeps with him every night." 

"He's a bit too old for a body pillow, mother," I snickered, "So he's not working for you anymore, huh?" 

Mother hates it when someone pops her lies in front of other. She kicked the back of my knee right at the center. And I kneeled like I was begging her, with both hands on the dirt. She pulled out her own gun from her skirt and tapped the barrel on my shoulder. 

"This is only the beginning of my game, Timothy. And you're already about to be disqualified. But no worry. As long as I'm the judge, you can die as many times as you want. And I'll respawn you as I please." Her lips brushed against my ear, "You can't quit." 

She waved off her boys and was about to leave. I got back up, holding on my knee and hip. 

"Mother, one question about the game rule." 

She turned elegantly, her hand at her hip, "And that is?" 

"Why did you kill Nate's parents?" 

She hesitated. 

Then playfully said that it was an invalid question. 

"Why? Why did you kill them really? Was it because..." 

"Shut up Timothy!" she aimed her gun at me, her palms sweating from her tight grip. 

"He is your..." 

Mother walked up to me and jabbed me in the guts. 

"Shit," I groaned, "People need to stop punching me there." 

She pulled my hair up until I was face to face with her, "If he ever finds out my identity, I'll make sure you'll be gang-raped by all my other favorites in front of..." 

"Your son," I smirked wickedly, "Nate is your..." 

And she backhanded my face silly. I fell to the ground, laughing as she left. 

I've never felt more relieved than now because, I realized one thing: she would never ever intentionally... hurt Nate. 

Chapter 2.12 The Vacation 

Too many uneventful things happened to us both, so instead of shitting our pants in our kitchen, waiting for the next trouble to arrive, we decided to go on a cruise. 

But I knew at least for now, no more trouble will be dawned upon us. 

Nate kissed my neck lovingly when I was unloading my clothes. The room is huge, and we have a full ocean view as we are on the upper decks. 

"You're still bruised," Nate frowned at my hip, "we won't be able to play rough tonight." 

"Who would want to play rough with you, mister? There are so many hotter guys out there." 

"What do you mean?" 

"You know what I mean," I caressed the top of his butt crack, "There are bigger, rougher, and sexier men out there waiting to fuck my little ass." 

"You dare?" he squeezed my hip. 

Ahhhh! And he went ballistic at my mouth. Darting his tongue everywhere, he soaked my hungry mouth with his slick drool. I pretended to push him away, but he grabbed my hands and placed them on his proud chest. 

"I get jealous really easy," he spat out, still attacking me. 

All I could do was moan. 

I pinched his big, manly nipples, "It's only 6. The sun hasn't even set yet." 

"You hungry?" he asked with puppy eyes. 

"Yes. I'm hungry." 

"Hungry for sex you mean?" 

"Stop it," I couldn't hide my big smile. 

—————————— 

The dining hall was huge, completed with long tables of seafood, steak, and desserts. Sushi and sashimi were on another long table, where Tim rushed immediately with a ivory plate in front of his chest. 

"Don't injure yourself, you'll need to save all your energy for tonight," Nate reminded him. 

"Yeah, yeah... Could you get some soy sauce for me?" 

Nate reluctantly went to grab it, and I took the chance to take all the tuna and salmon before he comes back to stop me. 

"Wow, you really love raw fish," the person in front of me commented. 

"Yeah, I do," I looked up to see a beautiful man, about the same height as Nate. He sports a 5 o'clock shadow that girls, and guys would kill for. 

I gave him my friendliest smile, "Hi, my name is Tim." 

"Robert. Is that your brother?" he pointed at Nate. 

I couldn't keep my laughter in control, but Robert stood there, clearly enjoying my childish giggles. 

"No no, he's my boyfriend." 

"Ahhh, he's hot, just like you." 

When Nate came back with the soy sauce in his hand and saw me blushing like a cherry blossom tree, he thumbed my cheeks with amusement. 

"What's wrong?" 

"Nothing. Nate, this is Robert." They shook each other's hand. 

Robert continued his flattery about our hotness until he headed back to his table of friends. 

"He was so obvious." Nate told me. 

"What is it?" 

"He was lusting for you." 

"Oh, was he?" I pretended. 

"And you were lusting for him too. That blush." 

"Stop it Nate. Stop trying to make me feel guilty." 

"Are you?" He secretly squeezed my ass as he looked over my plate of food, "What the fuck?" 

We took a seat not far away from our newly met stranger, and when Nate pulled the seat out for me so that my back face Robert, I know he was really envious. So I played along. 

"Why don't we join them?" I tilted my head, and nodded towards Robert. 

"Why don't we not." he replied coolly. 

He glared at me when I playfully avoided his eye contact, poking my raw fish with a knife. The heat he was sending to me through his eyes was hell. He might as well cook my plate of food. 

While glaring at me still, he slowly, but aggressively held onto his fork, and stabbed it into his bowl of soup. I swallowed, and accidentally let out a giggle that is only audible to Nate. 

"Just stop." I gently kicked his shin with the tip of my toes, and then brushed my calf against his. It was nice to have table clothes that go all the way down to the carpet, so no one could see what I was doing. 

Nate clasped my leg between his knees, "You. Are going to be fucked so hard tonight, that you will need me to carry you everywhere for the rest of this trip." 

Out of the intercom, the MC started his speech, "Again, we welcome and thank you all for joining us on this journey. We will be out at the sea for the next two days before stopping by some big cities for you guys to tour. If you have purchased a raffle ticket, we are very proud to announce that we will be donating all the money to a local children's hospital." 

"Did you buy?" I asked, and Nate flashed two red raffle tickets to me. 

"We will be raffling on the last day of this one-week trip. And for now, please enjoy your stay! We have plenty of events planned for you all!" 

—————————— 

We watched as the sun set below the ocean line. The red, orange, and purple shades of cloud reflected itself against the currents, like a canvas picture in a museum. 

Nate, hugging me from behind, gently rubbed his stubbles against my bruised neck as we sat and watched. 

"It's so peaceful," I whispered, "it's so beautiful." 

He kissed and sucked on my hickey again without saying a word. I bent my arms behind me around his head and pushed him more in. 

Oh fuck, that felt so nice. Don't stop. 

My heart stopped for a second when I finally relaxed completely into his arms. He melts me, when he does what he's doing. 

"You wanna get fucked?" his voice was barely audible. 

I nodded. 

"Can't hear you." 

I nodded again. 

"You wanna get fucked in the tub? I bought a bottle of waterproof lube just for this." 

Fuckin' Nate, talking shit dirty to me. 

"Imagine my rod sliding in, and out, in, and out of your boy hole, the sound of my cum lubing up your shit canal... slobbering out and staining your tight asscheeks. Mmmmmmm..." 

I grinded my ass into his leaking pipe. 

He scooped me up in one move and we entered the massive bathroom. It was a Jacuzzi instead of a standard bathtub. 

"I didn't know this was here." 

"I made sure we got a room that has one. Just making sure that we'll have plenty of space for our waterplay." 

I still got my hands around his neck when he set me down. 

He looked at me, and I looked at him. The mirror reflected a pair of hot, daring, and horny couple on itself. I was sure it almost cracked when we violently made out. Nate took off my pants first; my white v-neck covered half of my smooth, firm ass cheeks. When I finally took off his leather belt, he was suppressing himself not to rip my ass in half already. 

"Wait," I stopped stripping him, "let me get the water running." I let the leather belt hang over my shoulders and left Nate hanging. I provocatively danced to the tap, making sure Nate has each step of my little shake burned into his brain. He was holding himself so hard he was shaking from anticipation. 

"Fuckin' Tim!" I ripped his jeans off of his legs and blitzed to me. I bent over to turn on the faucet when he screwed his fucking hose into my unprepared hole. I quickly arched my back to compensate the pain, but Nate bear hugged me and slid his gun completely into the barrel. 

"Nate!" I yelled his name in fake agony and pleasure. 

"I know you want it." 

My boner was bouncing up and down now, craving for the attention it deserves. Nate wrapped his fingers around my willy and rolled down my foreskin. I squeezed my eyes shut when he thumbed my ultra sensitive mushroom head. The intensity of his touched increased when every one of his pumps crushed my prostate. 

"That's a lot of pre-cum you're leaking there Tim Tim." 

"Don't stop." 

"I wasn't planning to." 

My breathing patterns became irregular with all the sensations. 

The tub nearly spilled because Nate was fucking me senseless. I promptly closed the tap and we jumped in without breaking out connections. 

The water is just right. I could still feel the heat of Nate's angry cock. 

"Ride me," Nate ordered, "Turn around and face me." 

He sat on the integral seat while I adjusted. 

"Nate," I slipped his cock back into my ass, "can you... just hold me?" 

We suddenly turned serious with our fuck. 

"Just... hold on to me. Let me just feel you in me." 

He nodded, understanding why I wanted it. 

It was the very first time that we were two souls in one body. We felt each beat our hearts gave, each breath our lungs took. Our cocks, even though they are not stimulated in anyway, were still hard, and harder than before. A tear of joy rolled down my cheek. This... this was the ultimate peace and joy we longed for so long. 

"Tim Tim," he thumbed away my tears, "I love you. I love you. I only want to be with you." 

That made me release even more tears. 

"Don't cry, Tim Tim. It's alright. I love you the way you are." 

"I fuckin' love you too, Nate. I love you. I would give up my life just to keep you safe and sound. I love you." 

I smooched him smack on the lips and he lunged his tongue into my mouth, exploring and understanding this new level of relationship that we have found ourselves in. 

We aren't just sex partners. We aren't just lovers. We aren't just cock and boy hole. 

We are each other. 

We are one.