 Chapter 2 - Sexual Awakening

I woke up a few hours later, needing to pee quite badly. Henry had covered us in some covers and was lying on his back further away from me than when I had fallen asleep. Clearly he had gotten up while I was out. I got out of the bed and tiptoed into the hallway and towards the bathroom. I didn't know which room the bathroom was, but it was the first room I came upon, so I was lucky. I sat down to pee as I felt like I my ability to aim at this time of night was unreliable. It was a good thing I did, as I soon realized that I had to empty both bladder and bowels. All of Henry's cum had buried itself deep inside my ass and came out in a flood. I noticed an enema kit on the sink, and so after cleaning my ass, I filled the dispenser and cleaned myself out with warm water. I expected to be getting fucked again soon by Henry, so I wanted to be better prepared this time. 

After that, I washed my hands and noticed a toothbrush in a box, next to another opened box with a toothbrush on top of it. I surmised that Eleanor had used the other toothbrush and so I opened the box that was meant for me and I brushed my teeth. Then, I looked myself over in the mirror. It was weird. I felt different, but I looked just the same. I had given my wife over to another man for the first time. Fucked another man's wife for the first time. Then, I had been fucked within an inch of my life by the man whose wife I had fucked and who had fucked my wife. All within the course of a single evening. Yet, I looked the same. I was no longer a heterosexual man. Not that I was gay, but I was at least bisexual. I wondered if the feeling of arousal that Henry brought out in me would follow for other men, or if he was the only man I would feel that way about. I thought back on all of the times I had seen men naked or hung out with my male friends and tried to imagine myself being sexually attracted to them. I grabbed my cock and tried to coax some life into it, imagining getting fucked by a bunch of guys in a locker room, or sucking random cocks in a gloryhole. There was definitely something arousing about it, and I got hard thinking about it. Clearly, a switch had been pulled in my brain, opening me up to the pleasures of male-to-male sex, and it was jammed in the on position. I was not going to deny this new truth to myself, and I hoped that Eleanor would let me explore it with her, because I didn't know what I was going to do if I couldn't do it anymore. 

I turned off the light and exited the bathroom. I looked around the top floor and saw the door to the other room was closed. I moved over and listened at it and heard nothing coming out. I thought about going in, but decided not to disturb the girls. Instead, I headed back to the room with Henry in it and got back into bed, spooning against his body, with his cock nestled between my ass cheeks. I quickly fell back to sleep. 

I awoke to the lights shining in through the blinds on my face. I groggily turned around to find that Henry was no longer in bed with me. I heard sounds coming from the next room that were clearly sexual. I also heard the shower running. I got up and had to pee, so I went to the bathroom and knocked on the door.

"Come on in," I heard Rose shout. I entered and went and sat on the toilet again to have my pee. Rose was in the glass shower across from me washing herself. "Hey, Peter! Good morning." 

"Good morning, Rose." I replied.

"Did you have fun last night with Henry?"

I nodded. "Yes, more fun than I thought I would."

Rose laughed. "Yeah, Henry has that effect on people. Eleanor woke up this morning with a craving for some more Henry, so I woke him up and sent him to fuck her. I hope you don't mind."

"No, not at all. I'll probably go watch after I'm done here."

"Good idea, I'm sure they'd like that."

I finished up peeing, quickly washed my cock off and exited the bathroom. The other room's door was open slightly, so I walked over and took a peek inside. Eleanor was riding Henry, while leaned over and kissing him at that same time. I could see every inch of Henry's thick cock as it penetrated her pussy, stretching it out. I entered the room and climbed onto the bed behind my wife. I began massaging her ass as Henry fucked her. She looked up from kissing him and saw me. She smiled at me and turned back to resume her kissing. I moved my face down and began licking her asshole. I could smell the mixture of cum and pussy juice emanating from the fucking going on in Eleanor's pussy and it made me even more eager to stay where I was. I stuck my tongue in her ass and stretched it out, preparing it for my cock. When I thought she was ready, I sat up on the bed and positioned my hard dick at her asshole. I pressed in, popping the head of my cock past her rosebud and thrusting it completely into her.

"Holy shit," she responded, moving away from Henry's face. "I feel so full. Fuck my ass, honey." 

I began thrusting into Eleanor, feeling her ass muscles tightening on my cock and feeling Henry's member through the thin flesh between us. I leaned forward, kissing her neck as I fucked her. Eleanor was moaning intensely, clearly overwhelmed by the sensations of two cocks inside of her. I increased the pace, feeling my balls boil as I reached closer to orgasm. Eleanor's ass muscles contracted tightly on my dick as she came hard. 

"Uhhhhh, fuckkk," she moaned. 

I kept up my pace, and felt Henry's cock swell inside of my wife's pussy, feeling every contraction as he filled her with his cum. His pulsations pushed me over the edge and I came in Eleanor's ass hard, dumping a full load into her. I fell to the side as my cock popped out of her ass and watched as she made out with Henry in post-orgasmic bliss. 

For his part, Henry had not lost his erection. I watched as he began to pick up his pace, thrusting into my wife again. I moved so that I could watch as his cock pushed all of his cum out of her pussy, creating a foamy mix of their combined juices at their junction. Henry reached a crescendo and made Eleanor cum again, pistoning into her so fast that their genitals were a blur. Eleanor went rigid with her orgasm and then collapsed on top of him. Henry stopped fucking her and placed her on her back on the bed, semi-conscious. Then he lay back against the headboard, erect penis in hand, covered in my wife's and his own ejaculate. He smiled at me.

"You two are a lot of fun, Peter. Didn't expect you to go straight for your wife's ass. Haven't been a part of a DP for a few years. When was your last time?"

"Never. I just couldn't resist. Her asshole was winking at me and I had to fuck it. Feeling your cock in her pussy with my cock in her ass was fantastic. I don't think I've come that fast in a while."

"Well, I liked it too. How about you clean me off with your mouth? Unless you want me to fuck you with all of this mess on my dick." The fact that he assumed I was going to let him fuck me again was a major turn on. I don't know what it was with this man, but I wanted to be submissive to him in a way I never had before to anyone else. 

"As much as that would turn me on, I really want to taste your dick again." I moved forward and wrapped my lips around his cock, swirling my tongue around his head and getting as much of the juices off as I could. The mixed taste was delightful, with my wife's sweet cum and his bitter cum mixed together. I felt the bed move beside me and I looked over to see my wife watching me suck Henry's cock while she played with herself. I returned my attention to the task at hand and sucked Henry's cock in earnest. I managed to get most of his cock in my mouth, but gagged on it in the process. I spat on his dick as much as possible, trying to get it lubed up for what I knew would be coming next.

"Honey, you look so hot sucking on his dick. Are you going to be a good little cocksucker for him?" My wife was clearly turned on by my actions with Henry.

"Mmmhmmm." I moaned in assent. I continued sucking Henry, turned on by my wife's words. I would be his cocksucker. I would suck Henry's cock whenever he wanted me to. I would suck it in public. Hell, I would probably suck it in front of my boss at work. 

"Oh fuck yes, Peter. You are taking to my training so well. I am going to turn you into a well-behaved slave to my cock. That's enough sucking now. Climb on my dick and face away from me." Henry's orders turned me on, as usual. 

I climbed up his body, trailing my tongue along his dick until it slipped off and turned myself around. I placed my hands on Henry's chest and raised my ass off of his abdomen. Eleanor was kind enough to reach over and place Henry's dick at the entrance to my tight asshole. She watched as he raised up and pressed his mammoth member past my tight o-ring into my rectum. I groaned in pleasure as his cock entered my rear, once again surprised that I could take it. Henry placed his hands on my ass and held me in place as he began spearing my asshole with his turgid dick.

"Holy fuck that is hot, honey." My wife said, continuing to watch us fuck while she played with herself.

"Eleanor, get over here and suck your husband's dick. If he comes, feed it to him." Henry ordered her. She didn't hesitate to follow through, moving over in front of me and sucking my dick as I was getting fucked.

Henry's cock felt like a baseball bat in my ass, plunging deep with every thrust and then backing out slowly, reshaping my internal organs to fit the intruder. Eleanor had always been a consummate cocksucker, so having her mouth swallow my entire length as I was being fucked added to my pleasure. Having just come not too long ago, I was slow to reach the brink, but Henry was true to his word and managed to drive an orgasm out of me nonetheless. I came hard in Eleanor's mouth, thrusting up and deep into her throat as I unloaded my sperm. Henry lowered me until I was resting on his abdomen, his cock still deep inside me, as Eleanor came up to my face and kissed me, feeding my cum into my own mouth. I hadn't tasted my own cum before, and I found it strange, though arousing. 

Eleanor kept kissing me until Henry held onto me and flipped me onto my stomach, not letting his dick out of my ass in the process. He lay me flat on the bed and began long, hard and fast strokes in my ass, bouncing off of my ass every time. I grunted in time with his thrusts as he massaged my prostate with his cock. He began moaning and I knew he was close. Even though I had just cum, hearing my new lover reach the brink of orgasm brought me to the brink as well and when I felt his meatbat swell inside me, I began my own pitiful orgasm onto the sheets below me. Henry continued to fuck me as he came, depositing all of his load as deep as he could and then pushing it further inside me. He then collapsed on top of me and I felt his dick slowly soften inside of me. He grabbed my head from behind and I turned to kiss him. He thrust his soft cock inside of me a few times and then pulled it out, leaving me feel empty. 

He got up and said "that was fun, you two. I'm going to grab a quick shower, then we can have some breakfast." He left the room, leaving me on my side staring at my wife, who had clearly just cum from watching Henry and I fuck and was still twitching in pleasure.

"Hi, honey." I smiled at her.

"Hi." She looked at me, mischievously. 

"How are you this morning?" I asked.

"So good. I can't believe we did that. It was so fucking hot. I haven't cum this much in 24 hours since our honeymoon."

"I know. Henry and Rose are insatiable. I can't believe it either."

"It was so hot watching you suck his dick and fuck him, honey. Are you ok? I hope you didn't do it just for me."

"Oh, no. I think I'm in love with Henry. His dick is amazing and even though I've never been with a guy before, it just felt right. His cock belongs in my ass and mouth, I can't get enough of it. How was your night with Rose?"

"I feel the same way about her. She was insatiable and dominant. I took her strap on in every hole and I wanted more of it. I don't think we stopped until 3 in the morning. I love her and want her to do whatever she wants to me." I felt a pang of jealousy at that, but pushed it away since I truly did feel a deep love for Henry after only one night of passion. 

I moved closer to Eleanor. "So what do you want to do about this, honey?"

"I don't know. I love you more than ever right now, but I also really want to see where this goes. Don't you?"

"I am so happy you said that, my darling. I love you too, but I need to have more of Henry and I even want to make love to Rose again. Let us make one promise to each other: no matter what, we will always love each other and if one of us wants this to stop, we just have to say so. Promise?"

"I promise my love. Now, turn over so I can clean Henry's cum out of your ass and then we can go to breakfast." I smiled and did as I was told. I didn't get hard again, but it was nice to feel Eleanor's tongue on my asshole as she tried to get the cum out. When she was satisfied we got up and headed downstairs, still fully naked. 

As we headed down, we could smell the telltale scent of bacon and eggs and when we got downstairs, we saw that Rose was in the kitchen, wearing just an apron, making breakfast. The table was set and Henry was sitting at it, reading the Saturday paper, also completely naked. 

I went to sit at the head of the table with Eleanor beside me, but Henry stopped me. "No no, that's Rose's spot. Come sit beside me, my tasty little faggot." Henry grabbed the chair beside him and drew it closer. I couldn't deny my pleasure when Henry called me 'his'. Thus, I sat to Henry's left. 

Rose finished up making her eggs and placed them on the table with the bacon. She then told us all to dig in. I was famished from the long night of fucking and was dying to get some food in me. We ate in silence, enjoying the food as we replenished our reserves.

As we finished our plates, Henry said, "Delicious food, my love. Great way to fuel up after a long night of fun with friends." He smiled at us. Rose smiled at us as well. "So, friends, what would you like to do today? I'm sure I can come up with a few ideas."

"I am sure you can, darling. You are, after all, insatiable," Rose opined. "Why don't we all get dressed first and Henry, you can show Peter the house next door, while Eleanor and I go out for a bit."

"Where would you go with Eleanor?" Henry asked.

"Why shopping, of course." Rose smiled at Eleanor. Some secret message clearly passed between them and when Eleanor noticed that I was watching her, she blushed and looked away from me.

"Ok. Sounds good. Peter, let's get you dressed." Henry grabbed my hand and led me upstairs like a puppy dog or like a childhood friend.

I re-entered the room where it all happened and began putting on clothes. Henry stood there watching until I was close to dressed and then began putting on his own clothes. He wore light cotton clothes that fit him tightly and clearly accentuated his large package and muscles. I was aroused by his form even when he was fully dressed. 

"So what's the deal with the house next door? Are we doing some work on it or something?" I asked. 

"You'll see. Let's just say that I can't see you disliking it." Henry answered. I shrugged in response and followed him downstairs. The girls were no longer in the kitchen and I assumed they were getting dressed to go out as well.

Henry led me out the front door and turned right and used a key to open the door next to theirs. He entered and I followed. The house was exactly the same as the one we were just in, except that it was unfurnished. 

"So, as you can see, it's the same setup as our place. Same floor plan." He led me upstairs. "See, two bedrooms, two bath up here." He led me downstairs "Kitchen, living room, den, back porch. The back porch leads to a shared yard." He opened the patio door and I saw a nicely appointed back garden, rising at the back section, with what looked like a hot tub near the back fence. "The hot tub is secluded, so we can and do bathe naked in it." I was still confused as to what was going on as Henry led me downstairs. "In the basement we have a media room as well as storage and also a room that we like to use for 'special purposes'." Henry opened up a door to a room that seemed to be connected to the other house and had a large bed covering the entire floor, except a section near the doors entering it. "We got the idea off of this show we liked watching where the contestants would all have a big orgy in a room called the 'red room'." Indeed, the room was lit with red lights and red silk drapes surrounded the bed, leading to a very sensual atmosphere.

"So, what do you think?" Henry asked me.

"Yeah, it's great. I didn't know you owned both places. Are you planning on renting it out or something?" I was still completely at a loss as to why Henry was showing me this other than he wanted to show off his place.

Henry grabbed my ass and turned me towards him. "We aren't renting out shit. I'm asking what you think because Rose and I want you and Eleanor to live here, with us. We want you two to become our fuck neighbors. I want to be able to walk ten feet and be ten inches in you or your wife's ass whenever I feel like it. Rose wants the same thing."

I was stunned. "Uhhhh." I said, with my jaw almost dropping to the floor. "Look, last night was amazing, but..."

Henry pulled me close and kissed me hard. I melted in his arms and my protests dissolved from my mind. He stroked my cock through my pants. He withdrew. "You know you want it, Peter. You've secretly wanted to be dominated all your life, you only just realized it last night. Your wife, too. You are submissives and Rose and I are dominants. All you have to do is say yes and your sexual future will be in our hands. And you won't be disappointed, either. I have plans for you, Peter. I will make you cum more often in a week than you have in your entire life. And it won't be exclusive, either. Rose and I have a lot of good looking friends, and they will be dying to meet you and your wife. Just say yes, and this doesn't have to end. It will only get better."

Thoughts swirled inside my head at what Henry was offering me. Was I a submissive? Did I secretly want to be dominated? Maybe I did. There were so many confusing thoughts going on in my head that I wasn't sure what I wanted. Henry's hand on my cock was jumbling up any judgement I was capable of having. I made a decision, without knowing I had made a decision. "Yes," I said, shocked and relieved that I had made that choice so quickly and so definitively.

Henry's response was to kiss me again and to quickly relieve me of my pants, letting my cock spring free. "Lie down, Peter." He ordered. I obeyed. He removed the remaining clothes and stared at my cock, still stroking it with one hand. He moved down and took all of me in his mouth. I gasped as he managed to deepthroat me entirely in one stroke. Either Rose had taught him her skills, or he had practiced extensively to give this good of a blowjob. Either way, he sucked my cock like his life depended on it. Within less than a half minute, he had me on the brink of orgasm. But he stopped, clearly aware of how close I was. "Beg me."

I looked at him, confused.

"Beg me to let you cum."

"Please, Henry, make me cum. You suck my cock so good, I need to cum." I was so fucking turned on at this moment, I was afraid I would cum even without his ministrations. I truly was a submissive.

"No. Faggots don't get to cum from having their dicks sucked. Faggots cum with a hard cock in their ass. Tell me that you want my cock in your ass."

"I do. I want to feel every inch of your cock in my ass, sir. I need it. Fill me up with your cock and breed my ass with your seed."
