 Hey y'all, 

Don't forget to vote and comment below! I would love to say that comments are more important for me than votes however. 

Thank you so much, and enjoy! 

***** 

Chapter 2.9 The Search 

"Nate, we don't have to move if you don't want to." 

"It's for your safety Tim. I can't afford to lose you again." 

I blushed a little before I finished my omelet and tea. The sun was too bright for my eyes today. The rays flooded the room to a point where it feels like I'm in heaven. Everything is reflective and shiny. 

"I'm going to go back to the station for a few hours. You better behave while I'm out." 

He kneeled in front of me and massaged my inner thigh, "That means no trying to get up and walk." I made a face at him, but he chortled and caressed my lips with his as he flicked his tongue against my teeth. 

The moment he closed the door behind him, I immediately rolled myself into the room. I knew I hid a gun somewhere in here, but where is it? It was something random that popped into my head, but I had a feeling if I locate my gun, I'll remember something important. 

I was interrupted when someone rang the doorbell. Something made me very uncomfortable when I reached for the door. I hesitated for a moment. Who could it be? I couldn't get up and look through. Fine. 

I opened the door slowly with a smile on my face. 

There, a woman stood outside my door, holding her poodle in her hands. I would have thought it was Nate's mother, but according to my memory, his parents were dead long time. 

"Hi, um, Nate's not here. Can I help you?" 

She tried to hide her shock, "Actually, dear, I'm looking for you. Timothy." 

"You, you know me ma'am?" 

"Yes. In fact, I am your only relative on Earth, Timothy." 

"Oh, what's your name? I'm sorry. I... had a horrible accident." 

"Deborah. You address me as your mother, however. May I come in?" 

She doesn't seem like she would or could harm me. Why not? 

I led her to the couch, "Have a seat? Do you want something to drink?" 

"Yes, water, please. You don't mind if my dog runs around on the carpet, do you?" 

I shook my head as I turned towards the kitchen. 

My heart thumped harder than usual. Who is she? Did I just invited a stranger in? I took out a glass delicately and poured some water in slowly as I continued my thought process. Shit. Maybe she's the one Damon mentioned. 

"You have a very nice house," she shouted. I almost shattered the glass. 

"You have a very nice house," she said again when I handed her the glass. I nodded with acknowledgement, "It's my boyfriend's house actually." 

"I know. I know," her whispers terrified me. 

"So... who are you? I'm so sorry for asking. It's just..." 

"No... not at all," she politely cut me off, "I've watched you grow from this tall," she gestured, "till now!" She was very excited to tell my life story to me. 

"I only remember that my parents are dead. Can you explain... why you're "mother"?" 

She waved her hand at me, "Oh it's a long story. And I was only planning for a brief visit. I actually have to go now. I only wanted to see if you're still alive." 

Still... alive? 

"Yup, I must get going now. Come come doggie." She lifted the dog with one arm, and grabbed her fancy-branded purse. "It's nice to see you again, Timothy." 

I didn't even have a chance to say my good-bye as she casually walked out the house. 

For a few minutes, I just sat there, thinking of what had just happened. 

"Mother... Sounds quite formal." 

I turned myself from the table too quickly and smashed the wheel against the table legs. The glass sat too close to the edge and dropped to its death. 

A very crisp clang and then clinks as the shards shoot out in every direction... Oh shit... 

—————————— 

"Tim Tim, look at me," Damon, drunk and red, rubbing the underside of my chin with his long fingers. 

I took another sip of my soda. Wow, what's in this? 

"Hey!" he demanded. 

I held on to his shoulder to stabilize myself from falling off the bar stool. He leaned in and gave me an aggressive kiss, the kind I grew to hate. I weakly pushed him away, but he insisted on making out with me. 

"What," I tried to pant out my body heat, "What are you doing? Why is it so hot here?" 

Damon pointed his index fingers at himself, and then snickered. 

"Am I too hot for you Tim Tim? I can be hotter if you want me to be." He sloppily took off his v-neck and caressed his own chest, "Fuck..." 

"Damon, stop, I... I'm going back to my room. Good night." 

I fell off my stool, but managed to land on my feet. The door was slightly ajar and I could see the staircase outside our bar room. My vision was very blurred, but I could see mother rushing everyone out of the room, including our bartender. She grinned at me, and the sound of the lock will haunt my life forever. 

Damon grabbed the back of my shirt and pulled me into his chest. I fought, but my limbs were flimsy. 

Someone drugged me. Mother, it must have been her. 

I yelped when Damon groped my balls through my jeans. It was hard to breathe and the air was so thick and humid. 

"Admit it Tim, you want it. I know you do," he seductively blew against my ear. I shivered with fear of what was about to happen. 

Damon pushed me and I tripped and fell onto the long soft couch. He ripped his cargo shorts off himself and flashed his long, thick stick at me. Too dizzy now to do anything. 

Like a wild untamed beast, he grabbed my hip and undid my button and fly, and with one pull, he uncovered my naturally-smooth legs. He must have drooled over the beautiful view. 

"No, Damon, please." 

"No? You'll be saying 'yes' by the end of this, Tim Tim." 

His heavy body struggled on top of me, and the roofie kicked in completely. 

—————————— 

I found it! I found the gun. It was cleverly placed underneath the end of the mattress on my side, where I presumably cut out a block of the mattress to hide this wooden box. Inside was my gun and a memory stick. 

I began to remember something. I was running away from Nate. Why? 

I inserted the USB into the monitor, and a video played immediately. 

"Nate, I'm probably gone by now. Dead maybe. In this box, there is a gun," Tim Tim on screen sobbed a little. "It's the only thing my father passed down to me. I want you to keep it, but it's not to remind you of my passing. It's to remind you to be a good cop. A cop that will serve true justice to those who deserve it." 

I gulped as I outlined the gun with my fingers. 

Tim Tim on screen sighed, "Nate, it's... I...," he gulped. The way he gulped was exactly identical to mine. "I really don't deserve your love. I really don't. We belong to a different universe. You're white-hearted, I'm black-souled. You're good, I'm evil. You save citizens, I kill them. Our paths should have never crossed, just like two parallel lines." 

The Tim Tim on screen cried uncontrollably; I wished that I could touch him, comfort him, but to realize that's me, I couldn't wrap my mind around it. 

I killed people. 

He took a deep inhale, "But nevertheless, I enjoyed being with you. I cherished every single moment I had with you, when we cuddle together, when you creeped up behind me while I showered." He giggled at the thought. "I will miss you when I'm gone, but don't miss me. Don't come searching for me, Nate. If, if I'm still alive, and if, if one day, our paths crosses again, a nod at me to acknowledge my existence is already enough for me." 

I licked my dry lips; the edges of my eyes reddened. 

"If... I am no longer..." he forced a smile, "can I be buried next to your parents? I hope they don't mind, just because I want you to visit me too every time you go visit your parents. It's my final request. I love you. I always did." 

He ended his speech with an innocent smile that Nate would have killed for. 

Abruptly, my monitor flashed as it turned off. I turned quickly to find Nate frozen in place, with the remote in his hands. 

We looked at each other, anger seeping out of his eyes. 

I jumped when he chucked the remote towards the mirror doors, "Damn it, Tim!" Then he rushed out of the room and slammed the door as he headed out again. 

I didn't know how to feel. He was totally angry at Tim Tim on screen, but that's after all, me. 

The house door opened again, slammed closed, and a deranged Nate walked into the room again. He picked me up by my sides and threw me onto the bed. 

"What... what are you doing?!" 

"Why the shit would you want to leave me, Tim?!" he yelled at the monitor, "Why the shit!" 

I couldn't speak. I didn't want to stimulate him anymore. He looked as hurt as Tim Tim on screen. 

He dropped to his knees, and covered his face with his hands. His cries muffled. I couldn't see his body, as I was too weak to prop myself up, but the tears of his heart seeped through each corners of the house. 

A deadly silent corrupted the bedroom. I shuddered, trying not to make a sound, but the whimpering escaped my mouth. That was when he pounced on top of me, "Why are you doing this to me?!" he roared at me. 

I screamed in terror and despair. He gripped my shoulders and shook me. 

"Why do all of you have to leave me one by one? I'm no strong man! I'm a human!" he cried, "If you leave, what's the point of living anymore?" He pushed himself off of me and rushed to the kitchen. I immediately pivoted myself and fell to the floor. 

"No!" I screamed. I clutched to the bed frame as I stood on my feet. "Nate!" And I fell down again. 

When I crawled out of the room, Nate was already cutting his wrist with a french knife. 

"No! Nate! Stop!" I cried in agony. The blood stained more and more of the carpet each second. 

"No... no..." My nerves fired up full strength, right to my brain. 

"Nate!" I mumbled, "Mother... mother... today! Damon," I struggled to put the words together, "he raped me! Mother..." 

The blade clashed against the tile floor and Nate slid across the carpet to pick me up to his arms, "Tim! Tim! You... remember!" 

"Mother..." 

"What about her?" 

"She visited... today... And..." 

"And what? What? Did she hurt you?" 

I panicked, "She... she killed your parents..." 

As he tried to piece together the story, I blacked out. 

Chapter 2.10 Complete Recovery 

"How are you feeling today?" the doctor greeted. 

"Better today, thanks." Nate handed me a piece of apple. 

He did his routine check up and then signed the clipboard, "Nate, don't stress him too much." 

Nate nodded and the doctor took off to the next room. 

My glance clashed with Nate's, then I looked away, remembering what I have said to him yesterday. 

"Were you telling the truth?" 

"What?" I was fully aware what he was trying to address. 

"She killed my parents. You weren't lying. You couldn't have." 

I pursed my lips. 

"She's that bitch. She's that woman who had an affair with my dad." 

I listened attentively. 

"Her name is Daphne. I remember her name." 

"Deborah, Deborah Narwin," I corrected him. 

"Whatever her shit is called!" 

He calmed a little before he held my hand, "When did you find out?" 

"I've been investigating after you told me about your parents. One thing linked to another, and then your boss... that gramp." 

"He... he was involved?!" 

I affirmed silently, "He was an undercover, Nate." 

He took a very long sigh to structure his thoughts. Nate, I'm sorry. 

Barely audible, someone knocked on the door. "Come in." 

Damon took off his cap and quietly closed the door, "Thanks for letting me know." Nate nodded at him. 

"How are you Tim? Feeling much better?" "Yeah," I mouthed, too dry to voice out for a moment. I coughed and cleared my itchy throat, "Mother visited me yesterday. I know she was the one who hit-and-run me, but she didn't kill me so I guess we are even now. By the way, your information sucks." 

"I assume mother was desperate to know if you're still alive or not." 

I waved at a plastic chair and Damon took a seat. Nate handed me another piece of apple as I took dainty bites off of the piece in hand. 

"So I'm off the hook?" 

"I think so," Damon scratched his head. 

Damon couldn't continue on the conversation when he noticed how angry Nate looked. I felt his rage burning everything around us. He must be plotting how to kill mother. 

"Nate," I began without turning around, "we are going to get mother for you." I finally turned to see sullen expression with tears at bay. I reached for him on my bed, and I leaned too far. He swiftly held me as I was about to plop to the cold tiles. Inevitably, I held onto his injured arm. Even though I accidentally rubbed against the wound, Nate didn't show any signs of discomfort. That made me even more concerned for him. Our gaze clashed, mine holding strongly against his. I have never seen him this tired before. This is all because of me. 

Damon faked a cough, "I got to go. Great to see you two still alive." He tapped his plastic chair twice to signal that he left a letter for us. He barely smiled at me when he shut the door. 

Nate looked at me, and I tilted my head to the chair, "It's for you." 

He opened the letter and read it silently. 

When he finished, the letter was more wrinkled than his old shitty boss. His fists, all red and swollen from squeezing, finally ripped the letter into two. 

He blitzed out of the room as I yelled his name. I leaned too far again and this time, I fell head first, pulling the IV and blankets along with me. I groaned with immense pain as I crawled across out the hallway. 

Nate curled up into a ball at the end of the hallway. The doctors helped me up to my useless pair of legs. 

"Hold on to the side," the doctor urged. 

"I got this." 

The doctors let go of my arms, still hovering over me though. I tried my very best to keep my balance, both of my hands death gripping the wooden rails. I bit my lips as pain pumped into my hands with every heartbeat. 

Halfway there. 

Three fourths of the way. 

And I fell to my knees. 

I waved the staffs off when they tried to approach me again. 

A wave of anger stormed through me, "Nate! Captain Nate Young!" My scream pierced through his eardrums like pins through fabric. 

"Look at me!" 

His head was trembling violently, unnaturally when he glared at me. His whole face was crimson red, his eyelashes all damp. 

"Look at me... Look at me, Nate. Please." 

I stood back up with one pull of the rail. 

"We'll go through this together. Just like how you got me through this." 

I gently pushed against the rail with my legs a little more than shoulder width apart. He was still staring at me, but more blankly this time. Pivoting my feet an inch at a time, I managed to stand in front of him around a minute of this. 

Bending over, I reached for his damp hair and soothingly combed it, which made him shake even more rigorously. 

But before I could do anymore, I suddenly lost my balance and leaned forward. 

Nate, with his trained reflexes, caught me in his arms before I hit the ground once more. 

My head rested against his chest and his chin rubbed against my jet black hair. 

"I miss your big strong arms, Nate."