 Chapter 1 - An Unexpected First

My wife Eleanor and I (Peter) had been married for four years when the events I am about to describe to you took place. We were 25 years old and still madly in love, but we had started talking about expanding our sexual lifestyle outside of our own bedroom. I am of largely European descent, brown hair, 6'2 (1.89 meters) and 190 pounds (90kg), reasonably fit with a 7" (18cm) long cock that is around 5" (5cm) thick in circumference. My wife is also of European descent, blonde hair, around 5'10, 130lbs with a bust of 32H. Many of you might think "32H? That's way too big, this guy is clearly a liar," but honestly, amongst European women this is not an uncommon breast size. Hell, internet's favorite woman, Kate Upton shares almost all of her measurements with my wife. 

Anyways, on to the important part of this story, not that our measurements aren't important, simply tertiary to the main content of the plot. My wife and I had been thinking about swinging. Well, not swinging per se as there are numerous issues with the lifestyle that we found out about while doing some research, but more along the lines of sharing ourselves with someone else of similar mind. We perused a great deal of the dating sites without giving anything away (like our names or any pictures) and found them lacking. So we delved into Craigslist. It seemed better at first but we found that the majority of the posts were actually hidden ads or ways to get at our information. So we moved on again. You see, we weren't so much looking for a quick fuck with new people, but more a pair of friends that we could also have sex with.

So for a few weeks we gave up, dejected and having largely given up. One Friday evening we went to one of our favorite restaurants, a reasonably new gastropub in the area with absolutely amazing food and a very casual atmosphere. We hadn't made a reservation, so we ended up sitting at one of the big picnic-style tables where numerous different people could sit at. We sat on the end, beside a group of four that were finishing up their meal and ordered some drinks. We perused the menu and ordered some appys and waited for them, chatting about our respective jobs. The group of four got up and someone came to clear and wipe the table while we continued talking, largely oblivious. 

When the seats next to us got filled I was facing away from the first person to sit so I really only noticed my wife's reaction. I could see a mixture of surprise and shock on her face that only a husband could notice it was so subtle. I wouldn't have cared too much if her gaze hadn't lingered so long, but it did. I started to turn my head but I was caught by a vision of loveliness I had dreamed of all of my life. A woman with dark hair, small breasts and long legs wearing a beautiful red dress sat down next to my wife and took a glance at me with a smirk on her face. While her body was the model's ideal, her face was even better. She had green eyes with tight, bushy eyebrows and light blue eyeshadow that highlighted what must have been her perfect feature. Her lips were full on the bottom and tight on top with red lipstick that matched the crimson of her dress. 

Her hair was long and pulled up so that only about a foot of it dangled down onto the front of her dress, further framing her immaculate face.

I realized that I had been staring for a while so I looked back at my wife to realize that she too had been staring, not at the vision beside her, but the one beside me. I looked to my left and once again was awestruck. I had never considered men particularly attractive and had never done anything sexual with one before, so seeing this man was a shock to me on many levels. He was larger than me in height, probably around 6'5 or 6'6 but also in weight, probably like 240lbs. He was wearing a grey suit that looked tailored and very expensive. As I looked up I noticed a face as dark in features as the woman sitting across from him, with a slight tan, black hair that was neither long nor short and a glimpse of eyes the same intensity and beauty as his date.

I stopped staring once again, started to come back to reality and quickly spoke to my wife to attempt to break her reverie as well. She snapped out of it luckily and we started eating the appies that had been delivered while we were staring. Each of us was blushing and kept sneaking peeks at the couple beside us. We eventually got over it full and finished our appys and then ordered our meals. It was when the couple's appetizers arrived that one of us had built up enough courage to speak to them. 

"Oh, you ordered the Ebi Mayo? We tried that last time, it was fantastic." My wife commented.

The woman responded "Yes, it's my favorite, Henry always orders it for me." Her voice was the perfect blend of sultry and sweet.

"Anything Rose wants I get for her." He looked at me, "wouldn't you?"

"Yes sir, absolutely." I responded. My wife looked at me with a raised eyebrow, her "oh really?" look.

"Yup, we've been coming here every week since this place opened. I'm a terrible cook and Rose doesn't have the patience for it so we eat out a lot."

"It's true" Rose said. "I can't wait for anything, let alone food. But that goes for other things too." She then raised her eyebrows as she looked at me and I felt a tingle in my groin. I looked down and noticed that Rose's stockinged foot was massaging Henry's inner thigh where a not insignificant appearing tube of flesh was. I tried to hide any indication that I had noticed and returned to the conversation. Rose and Eleanor had started up a conversation about the food and were gabbing like a pair of old friends. This made me happy as any possibility that I might see more of this vision of loveliness was something I could look forward to. As they began speaking, Henry introduced himself to me and I him.

"So, Peter, what do you two do?"

"I'm actually in investment banking and my wife, Eleanor is a secretary at a law firm. How about you?"

"Well, my job is as a contractor, but it's not really me. My more interesting pursuits lie elsewhere."

"Oh, really? Like what? You seem to be doing pretty well for yourself as a contractor."

"Yeah, I am. I haven't had to go out on-site for a few years and mostly the place runs itself so most of the time I spend with Rose here, fucking her brains out."

I was taken aback with his brazenness and looked over to Rose and Eleanor to see if they had heard and clearly they had. Rose was smiling and Eleanor was blushing. "Oh don't mind him, he just likes to brag about his big dick and big muscles. Men are so simplistic in thinking that is all a woman wants. I can get by just fine with fingers or a tongue or a normal-sized dick any day. One just has to be persistent." I noticed something pass between Rose and my wife and then Rose winked at me surreptitiously and went back to conversing with Eleanor. Our entrees arrived at that time and Eleanor offered to share with the couple and they accepted the offer. Soon we were eating with very little conversation other than compliments on the food. Their entrees arrived and they shared them with us as well. They had ordered a lot more than me and I soon realized why. Henry must have eaten more food than the four of us combined. He didn't do it in a disgusting manner, just one bite at a time and he never stopped until it was all gone. I was totally full by the end of the meal but Henry had never slowed down. I imagined he could keep going if he wanted to. 

As we were enjoying another round of drinks, Rose and Henry got up to go to the bathroom and Eleanor finally had a moment to talk.

"Well, they are a really nice couple," I said.

"They are so goddamn sexy, honey."

"Wow, ok. I was getting there, but yes, they are both great looking." 

"So, what do you think?" Eleanor whispered to me.

"What do I think about what?"

"How about them for a couple? You know, for sex?"

"Jesus, honey. We just met them, you think they would be up for that?"

"I don't know, but what do we have to lose? Don't you want to fuck Rose? I know I do!"

Another shock of the evening. I knew my wife was bisexual, she had proposed us just fucking women for months but I had poo-pooed the idea as I wanted to watch her get fucked by a man as well. "Of course I want to fuck Rose, she is gorgeous and she was massaging Henry's cock under the table with her foot."

"Jesus, that is hot. I bet they are fucking in the bathroom right now. I couldn't keep my hands off that man if I was her."

I told Eleanor to keep it cool when they got back and I would try and convince them to come back to our place. She agreed but I knew if I didn't say anything she definitely would. A few minutes later they came back and damn if my wife wasn't right. Rose's hair seemed slightly dishevelled and they both were flushed like they had just had an intimate moment in the bathroom. They rejoined us at the table and we struck up conversation again as we finished our drinks and got our bills.

"Well, guys, this has been a great dinner," Henry began with a smile on his face. "We haven't had a conversation with a couple like this in a while, so I tell you what. We'll buy dinner if you guys come back to our place for a nightcap. We can do whatever you want there, we've got dancing, karaoke, video games and many other activities." Now it was Henry's turn to wink at us. I was shocked that they had beaten us to the punch but even more shocked at the hidden meanings and the sexual tensions building. If they had just fucked each other's brains out in the bathroom and were still eager for more, I was eager to see them in action.

My wife was first to respond. "That sounds like a fair deal to me. Peter?"

"I'm down for sure, I love karaoke." I said the last bit with a big smirk on my face.

"Great, do you guys have a car or would you like to ride with us?" Henry asked.

"We have a car parked around the corner."

"Us too. How about the guys ride together and the ladies ride together? I'll take Peter in our car and Rose can direct Eleanor in yours?"

"Sounds good to me. Eleanor?"

"You'll hear no complaints from me, honey."

We all got up and headed out the door. Each of us kissed our respective spouses and headed to the two cars. I followed Henry and Rose followed my wife. They went around a different corner from us so I didn't get to see them get in but I was soon distracted by Henry's car. It was clearly some European sports car but I had never seen its like before. It had some sort of a shield emblem on its front and it was beautiful. 

"Come on Peter, get in, it won't bite." Henry called to snap me out of my reverie.

"What is it?" I asked as I got in the passenger seat.

"It's a Koenigsegg CC. Got a pretty good deal on it, thanks to Rose. She can make men wither when she wants to and the dealer would have given me any deal I wanted with what she was offering." He started up the car and it purred like no car I had ever heard before. He moved out of the parking spot and started driving.

"It's really beautiful. I would buy one but I am too stingy on gas. I'd probably never drive it for what it would do for my bank account."

"Yeah, this isn't as bad as the Escalade I used to own, that thing was horrible on gas. Hated it, but the company paid for the lease so I went with it. Never again will I own an SUV, Peter. I can go 4x4ing with a nice Subaru better than any SUV and I can carry more people in a van or carry more stuff in a truck. Nobody I have ever met has used their SUV to full effect. So, now it's sports cars and electrics for me. I'm currently waiting on my Tesla S to be delivered to me. Should be coming in a couple months."

"I totally agree with the SUV thing. They seem unnecessary to me, as well. I always wanted a Tesla S. As soon as they came out, I said, 'once I have a place to charge one of those, I will buy one for sure'. We live in an apartment downtown so there isn't an outlet in the parking garage. Right now all we have is our Civic. It's a couple of years old but it's reliable and decent on gas so I don't mind it." 

We headed out onto the main drag and Henry picked up the pace. Soon we were barreling down the road, zipping between cars at a very high speed. I stopped talking as I was concentrating on keeping myself in my seat as best I could. Since it was my first time meeting Henry I didn't really want to offend him by asking him to slow down but I was scared. Soon that wore off and I became excited at the game Henry seemed to be playing with the other cars. It was like he could read their movements before they made them and acted perfectly every time. We finally turned off the main drag into a suburb and made a few final turns into a quiet cul de sac. He pulled into a driveway and pushed a button on his keys that raised the garage on what looked like a nice duplex house with a two door-garage underneath. There was a sign out front that said for sale and had a sold sign over top of it. 

"Nice place, is it new?" I stepped out of the car into the garage. It was well organized with an ample work shelf and what I guessed was a big tool box in one corner. There was easily room for another car in the garage as well. 

"Yeah, Rose and I bought it a month ago. We've just finished moving in and I keep forgetting to take that damn sign off the lawn. Other things keep distracting me. Come on, I'll show you the place while we wait for the ladies."

We took a tour of the place after taking off our shoes but only got to see one side of the duplex. Henry said they owned the other side but they were probably going to make it into a suite for someone else to rent so it was empty right now. "Why'd you buy a duplex then, if you weren't sure of what to do with it?" I asked.

"We like being close to people. We are kind of voyeurs if you will, we enjoy watching others from afar and not having them notice. Not sexually necessarily, just as a point of interest. So we bought a place where we were certain to get that."

"Yeah, I get that. I'm sure the suburbs must get kind of lonely. Although I don't know any of my neighbors in my apartment building either, so what does that say?" We laughed at the irony of it.

We heard some noises downstairs and so we headed down to check it out. Rose and Eleanor had arrived through the front entrance and were giggling and talking under their breath as we walked down the stairs to meet them.

"Hi honey." My wife came up and kissed me on my cheek and whispered in my ear, "they are totally game." I stepped back and smiled at her and saw that Rose was kissing Henry passionately and grabbing at the sizeable bulge in his pants. She stepped away and walked over to me and did the same while I reacted with shock. While kissing Rose I noticed Eleanor walk over to Henry and say hello to him and do the same thing Rose was doing to me. The only difference was that Eleanor stopped kissing and stared at her hands as she massaged what must have been a fully stuffed pair of pants.

"Now that the real introductions are over, let's retire to the bedroom." Rose said as she grabbed me by my belt and started pulling me towards that stairs.

"No complaints here" I heard Eleanor say as she did the same thing to Henry. 

We entered the bedroom and both Henry and I were made to sit on the edge of the bed side-by-side. Rose started undoing my pants at the same time as Eleanor undid Henry's. Rose removed my pants and boxers at the same time, releasing my cock from its confines to spring full mast into Rose's face. While I have never been called huge, I have had issues in the past fucking some of my previous partners due to my girth. But Rose did not seem dissuaded. She smiled at me and quickly engulfed all seven inches of my shaft, something Eleanor had never been able to do. I groaned as I heard a gasp to my left. I looked over to see that Eleanor was slowly unveiling her prize and she was already shocked as was I. She had lowered Henry's pants halfway to his knees and the head of his cock still hadn't sprung free. A second or so later it was finally revealed in all of its glory. It must have been eleven inches long and seven inches thick. It was massive.

"Holy shit, this thing will kill me. I've never seen a cock this big.I don't think I'll be fucking you tonight, sorry Henry." Eleanor managed to say.

"It might make you pass out from orgasms, sweetie, but trust me, you'll get every inch inside of you and you will love it." I looked him in the eyes and my lust took over. I knew what he was saying was true and I didn't care. I would do anything these two wanted and I was certain I would like all of it. Eleanor stared in shock at this man who stated things so blatantly and instead of saying anything began her worship of his magnificent member. I watched as she tried to fit that thing in her mouth and saw her struggling. Instead of watching any longer I decided to focus on the magnificent blowjob that Rose was giving me.

Now, my dick has never been called small by any girl I have been with, so most have had a hard time getting it down their throat. Rose, on the other hand, had no problem swallowing every inch of my cock in her beautiful mouth. She had such great control that she had me close to the edge pretty quickly. "Oh God, Rose, you are going to make me come so quickly."

"Oh no you don't," she replied, "I need to feel this thing inside of me first." With that, Rose stood up and pushed her dress off of her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. I was once again stunned. Rose wasn't wearing a bra or panties. Her breasts were perfection personified, a beautiful, full D-cup with very little droop. The rest of her body was just as magnificent, curvy with the perfect amount of fat and yet the clear indication of muscle underneath. She stepped over to me, pushed me back onto the bed, placed her knees on either side of me and slipped my cock inside of her. How she managed to keep her pussy as tight as she did with that monster her husband had was totally beyond me, but she must have done a lot of kegels in her spare time. 

It took a few minutes for her to fully bury my cock inside of her but she had lubed me up pretty well with her saliva. Once she had filled herself, she leaned over and started kissing me again. We started rocking against each other and getting up a pretty good rhythm. Her pussy was fantastic, and her body had me so excited. I grabbed her tits and started licking her nipples as she spoke to me. "Oh, Peter, that is a nice cock you have deep inside me. I haven't had a perfect cock like this in a while. Henry's cock can be too big sometimes, but yours is just ...ugh... perfect. Come on, Peter, cum inside of me. I want to feel you grow and burst in me. Fill me with your seed"

I groaned in appreciation of her hot words as I kept sucking on her nipples. I started pummeling her pussy, using the floor as leverage and hammering home into her.

"Oh yes, Peter, make me cum. Cum with me."

I released her tits from my mouth "I'm cumming, Rose."

"Uhhhhhh, me too Peter. Ahhhhh"

I felt her pussy spasm on my dick as it twitched and started spurting inside of her. I felt like I came torrents of sperm as my orgasm took several seconds to subside and when I came out of it, Rose was kissing my neck. I turned her face and kissed her on the mouth again and then laughed and smiled at her. She smiled back and then said "now we can watch the big event. Henry is just about to fuck your wife for the first time." Even though I had just come, everything in that sentence was so hot, I felt my dick start to come back to life. "Fuck your wife" who wouldn't get hard at that prospect. Cuckoldry had always been a bit of a turn on for me. "For the first time" meant there would be more times than once and the simple arrogance of it was very exciting.
