 This is the second part of 'The Edinburgh Festival' story and follows on seamlessly. I have arrived home from work to find a package from FedEx waiting for me. 

****************

I stood on my neighbour's doorstep, clutching the FedEx package. It can only be from Alec, I don't know anyone else in America. I sniffed the package, wondering if I could detect his scent. My neighbour stood staring at me, wondering if I was going to stand there all day. She slammed the door shut, reducing a little of the racket she makes playing her music too loud.

I walked back to my flat, placing the package down on the table. I was almost over my feelings towards Alec. I hadn't heard a word since he left Edinburgh Airport a fortnight ago. His number seemed to be disconnected and he never replied to my emails. I loved that man, I really fell for him and I'm trying to get my life back to normal again. Two weeks when I was hurting, telling myself it was just a holiday fling, not even that, it was a weekend love affair. I could still picture his face and his cute smile. Now, this package has brought back all the memories. I could still remember, quite vividly, the first time we made love, after the massage from the therapists. I could remember exactly how I felt as he took me in his mouth, God, it was so nice, we were perfect together.

I made a cup of coffee, walking around the kitchen and glancing at the package on the table as I poured hot water into my cup. I sat looking at it, for some reason delaying opening it. This will awaken all the memories of that weekend, two weeks ago. Was I ready for that? I had just got over Alec and here he is, coming back into my life again. I picked the package up, shaking it, studying it, wondering what could be inside it. I took a deep breath and opened it.

The package was indeed from Alec. On top was a photograph of the two of us in our glass bubble capsule on the big wheel in Princes Street Gardens. It was the selfie he took at the top of the wheel on our last night together. I had my arm around him. He looked so handsome. We both looked handsome. We looked like a lovestruck young couple. He was smiling. That cute smile I fell in love with. I remembered staring into his smoky eyes when he spoke. I remembered sitting beside him, on the Edinburgh buses, pointing out all the landmarks as we went on our own personal tour of the city. I kissed the picture.

There was a letter, a lovely hand-written letter folded in two. I picked it up, sniffing the scent of the paper. He was apologising for not contacting me, asking my forgiveness and went on to explain that I had left him so confused and mixed up after we parted at Edinburgh Airport. He had fallen for me, completely unexpectedly and I had come into his life at a challenging time for him after his recent divorce and then realising he was, in fact, gay. He hoped I could forgive him. It was wrong not to reply to my emails and he apologised for that. He went on to write that he was not able to get me out of his system. Even after a fortnight, his feelings for me were still very strong and he desperately wanted to see me.

He had enclosed flight tickets, indirectly, to Logan International Airport. They were open tickets and all I needed to do was phone and book myself on flights that best suit me. I would have to travel to Amsterdam from Edinburgh and then connect to the USA flight. Gosh, they were business class tickets too. Business class? I had never traveled business class but I knew it was considerably more comfortable than economy class.

He had also enclosed a Visa card which was loaded with cash for any expenditure I might have on the journey. He had loaded five thousand dollars onto the card. That's more money than I've ever had at one time. Alec, I've missed you so much. You've rekindled all the emotions I had buried away. A trip to Boston, to see Alec, any date that suits me and all expenses paid. I couldn't accept that, it's too much. I can only imagine the cost of business class travel, and the Visa card, it's too much. I never wanted Alec to think I was only interested in his money, because I wasn't. I can't accept this. I'll need to tell him.

There was also a mobile phone with an American sim card in it. It will work as soon as I land in the States, he wrote. I switched it on and a few moments later, it buzzed with a message. It was from Alec. He told me not to be concerned about accepting this. He hoped I would accept his invitation to Boston and that he was longing to see me again. I melted when I heard his recorded voice. I was uncomfortable with the cost of all this. However, I didn't have the money to go to the States myself, I couldn't do it without his help so if I want to see him again, I would have to accept his help. Gosh, a trip to the USA. I've never been there before. How exciting. I held his photograph against my heart.

He had also enclosed a telephone number to call him when I knew when I would be traveling. He would arrange to meet me at the Lincoln International Airport. He had thought of everything, he really had. All I needed to do was arrange the time off work and pack a suitcase. A day or so later and I would be with him. In his arms again. How exciting. Of course I would go. There won't be a problem getting the time off work. I could google the flight times and book a flight. It was as simple as that.

The next morning, at work, I spoke to my boss about taking two weeks off at short notice. I explained that I was meeting a very dear friend and really needed the time off. As expected, there was no problem, I could take any time I liked off work out of my holiday allowance. On my way home from work that night, I stopped off to buy a frame for the photograph Alec had sent. I positioned it at the side of my bed, so I could look at it before going to sleep.

That night I went on the internet, checking times and flights. There was so much to do, or at least it felt like it. In fact, there was very little to do. The tickets have been paid for, all I needed to do was book the flights. It was complicated having to go from Edinburgh to Amsterdam first but that was because there were no direct flights from Edinburgh. Amsterdam to Lincoln was relatively straightforward, just two stops at O'Hare and Denver and a flight time of around seventeen hours. I sipped my whisky as I studied when best to travel. It was Wednesday. I could clear my desk pretty quickly tomorrow, tidy up some loose ends at work on Friday and could leave Edinburgh early Monday morning. 

I sat back in my seat, raising a glass to Alec. It won't be long until we are together again. Gosh, I was getting very excited. This was going to be an adventure. I still had issues with Alec paying, in fact with Alec's wealth and me surviving on a bank overdraft. Could it work? We are two people with widely different backgrounds that were thrown together after a failed street robbery. I had only known him a couple of days before he went home. Is Alec inviting me because he wants to see if we have a future together? Well, we'll soon find out because late Tuesday I'm going to be with him. I couldn't wait.

Work passed without incident or drama, I had everything tidied up for going away. The guys at work wished me well, which was good of them. I had told them about the guy I met at the Festival. They were pleased for me. I spent the weekend shopping for clothes. Alec had said to travel light and I could get anything I needed in Boston. It looks like the weather in Boston is pretty much the same as it is in Scotland at this time of year but I couldn't allow him to buy me clothes again, no, I'll get what I think I'll need. 

He hadn't mentioned how long I would be staying for. I'm assuming a fortnight but he never actually said. The return tickets were open so I could come back anytime really. Two weeks is a long time to be with someone you have only known for a weekend. What if he finds me boring? Everything was perfect, the weekend we met. Is it realistic to assume we'll get on even better when we meet again? What if we don't? What if we have an argument? Two weeks is a long time if there is a disagreement between us. No, I'm just being negative. It is going to be a fantastic time, I'm sure of it.

Now I knew exactly what my travel itinerary was, I called Alec on the number he had sent me. It took a while before it was answered. It wasn't Alec. He introduced himself as James, Alec's Butler and Driver and explained Alec was away on business but had been expecting me to call. Disappointed I had missed Alec, I left the details of my flights with James who assured me they would be waiting at Lincoln Airport for me on Tuesday.

Early Monday morning, full of excitement, I caught a bus and then a tram to Edinburgh airport. I checked my bags and queued up with everyone else for the early Amsterdam flight. My Kindle was loaded with six books I had bought especially for this trip. It's going to be a long couple of days traveling and I couldn't do it without my Kindle.

There were no significant delays at all on any of the flights on my way to Lincoln airport. The food and comfort of business class was a revelation. I had no idea it was like this. My seat was also a bed and the drinks came in glasses, not plastic like it is downstairs. We even had feather pillows. The food was great and it was served on china plates. I wondered what those in economy were getting. This is the life, I thought, as I reclined in my seat. Of all things, there was a button to make the seat vibrate. I sat back with a huge grin on my face.

I switched Alec's mobile on as I walked towards the arrivals area after we had landed. I waited for my suitcase. It took a good twenty minutes to clear passport control and I followed the signs to the exit. And then I saw him. I recognised Alec immediately. He was smiling and waving at me. I walked quickly through the hall to meet him. He flung his arms around me, kissing me like a long-lost friend. What a lovely welcome. I hugged him tightly, breathing in his scent. It was so good to see him again. I thought I had lost him, during the long two weeks after he left Edinburgh. He clasped my hand as he introduced me to James. I shook his hand and James took my suitcase and we followed him to the car. It was a limousine. I wasn't used to this, I thought as James held the rear door open for me.

Alec and I had so much to say to each other. We laughed and we joked and then we were serious and then we laughed and joked some more. I held his hand, as we sat in the back of the car. Alec pointed out many different and interesting places as we drove to his home in Cambridgeport. James pulled up at the drive and pressed a button for the gates and drove through and up to the house. Gosh, what a house, it was massive. The gardens were spectacular. Alec led me inside the house and introduced me to Irene, his cook and Albert, the gardener. I didn't realise Alec had staff but I suppose with a house this size, he needs them.

He showed me around the house and then outside to the large gardens. At the rear of the house, the area had been completely landscaped with a huge pool and surrounding area. It was entirely covered with glass. It was beautiful. There was a huge elaborate pool, a large stone grotto with a waterfall running over it, a therapy spa, a long wall of stone on two sides and two fire pits. There was vegetation, trees and huge plants everywhere you looked. It was a large area and very secluded. He said it looks nicer at night when the lights can show it off to full effect. I couldn't believe it, it was like something from Insane Pools, the satellite digital television program on backyard renovations. I fell in love with it, and it was also heated. I couldn't wait to try it. I never thought to bring swimming trunks with me. I didn't expect to be swimming.

He continued with the tour, holding my hand as he pointed out various features. It really was a beautiful house. I found it enchanting. Alec also had a large art collection and pointed out various pieces he really enjoyed.

'David,' he said as he stopped and looked at me. 'You must be really tired after your journey. James will show you to your room if you'd like to shower and rest. If you feel up to it, you can join me for dinner at eight. I'll understand if you need to sleep though.'

I was disappointed but I tried not to show it. Separate rooms. I thought I would be sharing with Alec. What does this mean? Is it so we look respectable in front of his staff? I suppose it might start them gossiping if they saw me in Alec's bed. No, I'm sure Alec is just being the perfect host. I thanked him and James led me up the stairs to my room. He was carrying my suitcase. 

Alec had given me a room overlooking the rear of the house, looking down onto the swimming pool area. It was very tastefully decorated and furnished, very comfortable indeed. James unpacked and sorted out my clothes. He didn't say anything to me as he worked. I waited until he had finished and left then I undressed for a shower. I was feeling a little tired as I dried myself. I set the alarm on my watch for seven thirty, giving me plenty of time to dress for dinner. It looked a very comfortable bed. I was very tired. I climbed into bed and very quickly fell asleep.

I was a little lost when I went down for dinner. It was such a large house. I took a couple of wrong turnings before I almost knocked into James. He pointed me in the right direction. Alec was waiting for me as I walked into the dining room. He greeted me with a warm smile and a kiss. I hugged him and he sat me across from him. It was a large dining table and he seemed so far away at the other end of the table. James came in with the first course. I did feel a little uncomfortable being seated so far away from Alec. What did it mean? Perhaps this is the way it is done over here. He did go out of his way to welcome me and I enjoyed the dinner Irene had cooked for us. Alec was chatting away to me and I could feel this charming and witty side to my character emerge again. It was so good to see him. 

James poured us a brandy and I held it up against the light, admiring the colour of it. It had a wonderful taste. I told Alec how much I had missed him. He smiled, 'and, I have to say, I missed you too.' He picked up his glass and walked to my end of the table, sitting down on my right. He clasped my hand. 'What we had in Edinburgh was special. A short time together but, nonetheless, a magical time. I even asked Irene to cook me one of your traditional Scottish breakfasts when I got back.' I laughed.

He kissed me. Slowly and tenderly. I melted, I couldn't help myself. I couldn't resist the taste of his lips as he kissed me. At that moment, James walked in, stood behind us and coughed. He clearly wasn't too comfortable with two men kissing. He whispered to Alec who made his apologies and went to take a business call. I tried to make conversation with James but he was keeping his distance and didn't say any more than he had to. I was surprised to hear later from Alec that James had been with him for ten years and was a long serving and trusted member of his team. He didn't call them staff, he called them his team. That meant James was here long before Alec and his wife divorced. That might explain why he didn't feel relaxed in front of me. I wondered what he thought of my arrival here.

Alec returned after his business call and suggested we retire to the pool and relax. I asked if he had spare trunks. 'You won't need trunks here, nobody can see in, it's very secluded,' he replied.

'Gosh, that sounds great Alec. I'll go upstairs and get ready and meet you at the pool shortly.'

I was quite excited as I went up to my room. James had put out a white bathrobe on my bed. I stripped off and put it on and went downstairs. Alec was already in the pool. He waved as I put my robe down and joined him naked together in the pool. It looked fantastic. Coloured spotlights illuminated every corner of the pool area. Foliage grew over the rocks and flowers coloured the landscaped area. Flames were dancing in the fire pits. It was like an oasis, a beautiful sanctuary in the middle of Boston. I sighed as I stepped into the pool. Alec swam towards me. 'This is beautiful Alec, I've never seen anything like it.' 

He smiled and swam closer until his arms were around me. We were both naked in this beautiful place. I kissed him, as tenderly as the way he kisses me. I had his arms around me, I could feel his cock against me. God, all those memories flooding back. I sunk into his arms, my knees weak with desire and excitement. We swam over to the spa pool. Alec pressed a couple of buttons on his phone and the lights changed colour and music came on. The music seemed to be all around us, it sounded awesome. We lay there, next to each other with the water jets relaxing our muscles. What a way to relax after a long flight. He reached for my hand, firmly gripping it.

'I'm sorry I wasn't in contact. When I came back I was so confused with all the feelings and emotions after our weekend. I had a few work issues to deal with and before I knew it, a fortnight had passed. I'm sorry, David.'

'It's not a problem although I have to say, I was upset. I thought I had done something wrong. Never mind, we're here now, together again.' I turned to face him, kneeling between his legs and kissing him, running my hands over his toned chest. 'It was a magical weekend, I'll never forget it and now we can create more magic. It doesn't stop, it just gets better'

We lay back, listening to the music. I liked his taste in music. He adjusted the spa pool using his phone again. I was amazed his phone could control all these features. I wondered what else it could do. This was all new to me. Sitting in a pool like this changing the lights with a touch of a button on your phone. Amazing.

I knelt between Alec's legs again, kissing him. My hand ran down his chest, over his stomach and lightly touched against his cock. He shivered in my arms. Slowly and carefully, I teased his cock, feeling it grow in my hands. I cupped his balls and ran my hands up and down his shaft. He moaned as I gripped his cock. I wanked it, firmly and slowly, just the way he likes it. He stopped me and I rolled over onto my back, letting him do the same to me. I shut my eyes as I felt his hands on me. God, it felt nice, really nice. I was in a dream, I must be dreaming. This is so perfect.

I stopped Alec before I came. We lay there, catching our breath. 'Let's go to bed,' he whispered. I took two towels from the shelf and passed one to Alec. I watched his toned body as he dried himself. I was still in good shape for my age, we were so similar in size. We kissed, put our robes on and I followed him to his bedroom. 

I thought he would have a nice bedroom but I didn't expect it to be so stunning. Two large glass doors opened onto a balcony looking over the front of the house. It was a large room with a huge bed and three settees in front of an antique fireplace. It was very nicely decorated. Deep soft carpets and rugs covered the floor. Beautiful landscapes and seascapes adorned the walls. He had a light above one picture which stood out from the rest. It was a Picasso. Easily recognised. He even had an old oil painting of the battle of Culloden in April 1746, the last battle fought on UK soil and where the ambitions of the Young Pretender had been destroyed. It was a significant battle in Scottish history. It was a beautiful and dramatic oil painting. 

Alec came up to me and slipped the robe over my shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. He ran his fingers through the hair on my chest, teasing my nipples. I shut my eyes, enjoying the sensations running through my body. God, I wanted Alec. I reached for his cock, wanking it in my hand. The harder it got, the more excited I got. I just love being responsible for making a man's cock get hard. Alec was thrusting his hips against me, rubbing his cock against mine. I knelt down, teasing his head with my tongue. I breathed in the scent of his cock. Then, I took him in my mouth. I licked his head as I wanked him. God, he tasted delicious. I looked up, his eyes were closed as he stood with his cock in my mouth.
