 This is a fantasy story set in a fictitious land and in a time of medieval sorcery. All characters depicted are 18+. Although this story is in a time where safe sex is not heard of I would always recommend the practise of safe sex. 

CHAPTER 2 -- The wrong boy

Gulwan gingerly opens the heavy wooden door to the play room and looks round for Soltan. He muses at the name play room, really it's a torture chamber full of various types of devices all used for inflicting pain. It's Soltan that calls it the play room, it's where he has his most fun abusing and torturing innocent young men. There is no reason for him to do it, no secrets to be had, it's purely here to pander the mans sadistic nature. It's high up in one of the castles turrets and offers a spectacular view of the county he is lord over.

Gulwan is a short stout man, his face and body disfigured from disease. He walks clumsily with a club foot and a hump back. The nerves on one side of his face are completely dead causing it to look as though it is melting, the one eye pointing left all the time. His hair is thin and wiry revealing his scalp underneath.

He looks around the large room, Soltan is nowhere to be seen but he does see a boy chained naked to the floor. His arms and feet have shackles and are chained to a large ring set in the stone floor, his mouth gagged with a large ball gag. He is skinny, underfed, his eye's withdrawn and tired. He has deep scars over his torso from multiple whippings. Gulwan shuffles over to him and gets down to his level, the boy cringes and tries to get away. Gulwan grabs his hair and pulls his head towards him, he smiles revealing his black crooked teeth. His breath stinks and causes the boy to muffle out a cry. Gulwan sticks out his ulcer covered tongue and tries to stick it in the boy's ear, the boy pulls away, Gulwan tries again this time the boy is as far as he can go without falling over but as Gulwns tongue enters the boy's ear he jerks his head away causing him to fall over onto his side revealing his ass. The boy tries in vain to get back up but Gulwan holds him down. With a fat wart covered finger he runs it over the boys hole, the boy struggles. He rams it in hard and the boy screams into his gag.

WHACK!

Gulwan screams as a bullwhip strikes him across his arms.

"WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING!" a voice booms.

Gulwan looks up rubbing his stinging arms. It's Soltan, a huge bear of a man towering over him, standing legs apart in his thick leather battle pants. His chest is bare and covered in a thick carpet of black hair, his face thickset, square and unshaven, his head shaved. He looks down on Gulwan disapprovingly.

"I'm sorry brother but this one is so nice, please can I have him?"

"What happened to your last one?"

Gulwan mumbles, 

"What? Speak up I can't hear you!"

"I got carried away and suffocated him," he says looking ashamedly at the floor.

"For gods sake little brother you really must control yourself, I'm struggling to find boy's to keep me satisfied let alone supply you."

"Sorry,"

"Look, ok, if I let you have him do you promise to look after him this time?"

The boy starts screaming and shaking his head, terror racing through his veins.

Gulwan jumps up with joy, "Oh yes, thank you, I promise, I promise." He leans over the boy and strokes his hair. "Oh we will have such fun," he says to him. The boy is sobbing uncontrollably.

"What are you doing here anyway?, you know you're not suppose to come in here." Soltan asks.

"Phabian is in the great hall and has returned with the boy,"

"What? Well don't just stand there send them up." he booms. Gulwan shuffles to the door, "Oh and send for Gloon too we need to make sure."

Gulwan leaves and Soltan removes the ball gag from the boy.

"Please don't make me go with him!" he sobs, "I'll do anything you want, I don't want to diiiieeee," he trails off in to a deep sob.

Soltan unties him and sharply lifts him up, "Too late, I already promised, anyway, I've gotten rather bored with you lately."

The boy is crying uncontrollably as Soltan leads him over to some cells. He opens the door and throws the boy inside. The boy stumbles and collapses on the floor and another boy already in the cell comes running over and helps him up. The other boy almost as skinny but not as scarred wraps his arms around him to comfort him.

"Awww, that's so sweet, what a shame I'll breaking you two love birds up." he slams the cell door shut.

Just then the main door opens and a very large man wearing battle amour walks in hold in a boy by the arm. 

"Ahh, Phabian, I see you have him, well done."

"Yes sir, we almost lost him but we caught up with him in the village," Phabian grunts.

Phabian is Soltan's general and has been in his employ for longer than he can remember. He is a huge bulk of a man, his muscles shadow that of Soltan and stands a good 2 inches taller. Just his presence alone is extremely intimidating let alone his stoney face that hides a tornado of emotions.

Soltan examines the boy, around 5'6" slim, long black hair and dark eyes. Everything fits the description he was given. The boy is dressed in grey linen britches and a grey linen tunic, his feet are bare.

"Remove your clothes boy," Soltan orders.

"FUCK YOU!" The boy shouts back.

Soltan booms out laughter, it echoing around the halls of the castle, "Feisty little thing isn't he."

He grabs the boy by his hair and leads him to the centre of the room, the boy screams trying to free his hair from Soltans grip. Soltan grabs the boy by the hands and clasps a pair of steel shackles around his wrists. Then with one hand he lifts the boy up by the shackles clean off the floor and onto a hook hanging from the ceiling. The boy cries out with pain as the edge of the shackles dig into his hands.

"Well if you ain't going to strip I'll do it for you," Soltan says and with one quick motion rips the tunic clean off the boys body.

"Nice," he says and strokes the boys chest and armpits, the boy struggles.

"Please don't," he begs, "What do you want from me?"

"Well for starters I want you naked," he replies and quickly pulls down the boy's britches. The boy is now completely naked and Soltan muses as his soft 3" cock. "Hmm, a little on the small side, lets see how big it gets."

Soltan starts to stroke the boys genitals and the boy gasps. The boy can't believe what is happening, here is this big bear of a man pleasuring him, somehow he feels he should be scared but he is really enjoying the sensations.

"Oh that feels nice," the boy says.

"Really? You like this?" Soltan asks.

"Yeah, I've never had anything like this done to me before," he says his cock now fully erect at 5".

"Well then, I'm sure we are going to get along just fine. I have so many new things to show you, I just know you are going to love them," his voice sounds menacing but it's turning the boy on even more.

"Ooh, I can't wait," the naïve boy says not knowing what is in store for him.

Soltan stands in front of the boy and drops his pants, revealing a huge 12" monster of a cock and it's thick, really thick and fully erect. The boy gasps.

"Oh my! What are you going to do with that?" he asks.

"Why I'm going to fuck you with it boy!" Soltan laughs.

The boy is suddenly scared yet incredibly excited, although he's still a virgin the idea of being fucked with that massive cock turns him on yet terrifies him at the same time. Soltan picks up a vail and pours oil from it smearing it over his cock. He then grabs the boy by the hips spins him and pulls him back, the shackles dig further into the boys hands and he cries out. Soltan can see the boys puckered little hole, he is flexing it anticipating having that huge cock slip in.

Soltan Smiles "Have you ever been fucked before?"

The boy shakes his head.

"Perfect a virgin," Soltan says.

He places the head of his cock at the boys hole and pushes, the boys sphincter starts giving way and soon the head of Soltans cock has slipped in. Soltan knows the boy will suffer pain from this and sure enough he starts screaming.

"ARRRGHHH! FUCK! IT HURTS, TAKE IT OUT, TAKE IT OUT!"

Soltan doesn't, in fact in one motion he slams his cock hard into the boy's ass it's full 12 inches slipping completely in. The boy screams even louder and almost blacks out. Soltan fucks the boy hard, pulling out to it's tip then slamming it hard deep into the boy's bowels. The boy is still screaming from the pain and Soltan loves it, he loves how his cock always makes them scream, it's such a turn on for him.

To the boy's amazement the pain is subsiding and being replaced with a feeling of pleasure from the massive cock slamming in his ass. His own cock now hard again is bouncing around from the pounding.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! Fuck me! Fuck me with that big fucking dick!" he shouts.

Phabian is watching from the door, this is the first time he's ever seen Soltan abuse one of his boy's. He's not comfortable with it, he feels quite bad about handing over such a cute little mite over to Soltan as he does with many boys he's had to bring here and despite his size and the fact he's a hardened warrior he's actually a very gentle lover. He want's to leave but he knows that Soltan would have his head for walking out without being excused. At first he winced at how brutal Soltan was being with the boy, but when the boy started enjoying it his cock stiffened immediately in his battle pants.

Soltan fucks harder. The boy's prostrate is being battered and he feels an orgasm building.

"Oh fuck yes, I'm gonna cum! Oh fuck! I'M CUMMMMIINNNG!" his little cock erupts spurts his boy juice over the stone floor. The boy is ecstatic, he has never cum without touching his cock ever before.

Soltan savours the boy's orgasm as his sphincter muscles contract around his cock and he continues to pump the boy hard. Normally once spent the boy's cock would go flaccid but to his amazement he is still hard. Soltan is getting close and he picks up speed ramming the boy even harder.

"OH YES FUCK ME! SLAM THAT BIG FUCKING COCK UP MY ASS!" the boy shouts, he is absolutely loving it.

To his delight he feels another orgasm building.

"OH FUCK YES! I'M GONNA CUM AGAIN, UURRRGGHH! FUCK! YES! FUCK ME! MAKE ME CUM! UUUUURRRRRGGGHHH I'M CUMMMMIINNNG!" and his little cock spurts out more cum.

Phabian is so worked up from watching this little virgin boy cum twice from being fucked he actually shoots his load inside his battle pants. He sighs with a heavy heart, it's been so long since he's had any intimate contact.

As the boy's ass muscles pulsates on Soltan's cock he rams in deep one more time, lets out a loud cry and pumps his load deep into the boys ass.

"OH! YES! SHOOT THAT LOAD! CUM UP MY BOY CUNT!" the boy shouts.

Spent Soltan pulls out and starts laughing. "Who would have thought the son of Aljeron would be a such little bitch boy."

"What? I'm not the son of Aljeron, I'm just a carpenters son." the boy says.

Soltan gives him a thunderous look, picks up a bullwhip a cracks it across the boys back. The boy screams with the sudden pain, suddenly this is no longer fun.

"DON'T LIE TO ME!" he booms, "my men have been hunting you down for several days now."

"I'm not lying," the boys says tears streaming down his face.

"He's not lying," a voice comes from the door.

Soltan turns round to see Gloon standing there. A frail old man, scrawny, bent over with old age. His white beard and hair reaches down to his waist, he walks with a crook and is wearing a gown that reaches the floor.

"What?" Soltan booms.

"He's not lying, he's not the son of Aljeron."

"What makes you so sure? Hit fits the description."

"Because the son of Aljeron can't speak," the old man replies.

"Why wasn't we told about this before?" Soltan booms. His patience is wearing thin, he wants to break this old mans back but he knows he would have no hope of finding the son of Aljeron without him. Also he needs a sorcerer at his side when he takes the kingdom for himself.

"Because I only just found out myself," he says shuffling over to the hanging boy.

Soltan turns to Phabian.

"Where exactly did you get this boy?" he asks.

"Well we saw the old man and the boy riding on the route we was told about and we attacked."

"And?"

"They got away."

"And?" Soltans voice is getting louder.

"Well we tracked them to a stable in the village, we found the horse and this boy asleep in the stables."

"And where was the old man?"

"We couldn't find him."

"You stupid big oaf! Don't you realise the boy would never leave the old man's side? Get back out there and find him! NOW!"

With that Phabian turns tail and bounds out the room. Soltan turns back to the old man who is now caressing the boy's body with his long sinuous fingers, his long nails scraping the boys skin causing him to whimper.

"I must say he's such a pretty little thing, shame he's got such a small cock though, would you like me to make it bigger for you?" the old man asks.

"Oh yes please!" the boy says excitedly.

Soltan looks round still seething, "No make it smaller."

"As you wish," the old man says.

"Nooo!, please!" the boys begs.

The old man claps his hands together and places them over the boys genitals, he then whispers some incantations and small bolts of electricity emanate from his fingers. The boy flings his head back and cries out with the pleasure it's giving him. Finally the old man removes his hands, the boy looks down and sees his cock is only 2", what's more he's fully erect, he starts to sob.

Soltan is still angry and picking up the bull whip strikes it across the boys back. The boy screams.

"You won't be needing a cock for what I have planned for you," he shouts.

The old man shuffles out the door and the boys screams echo around the halls of the castle as Soltan continues to whip him. The boy's in the cell huddle close together terrified.