 Note: You may wish to review Donna The Dominatrix Parts 1 and 2 in the Nonconsent/Reluctance category to see what happened to Scott previous to this story. 

After their experience with Donna the Dominatrix, the four administrators were in a complete state of shock. Scott, in particular could barely walk after Donna plunged a huge dildo in and out of his ass, followed by Glen's thick cock. Although there had been a lot of discomfort at first, Scott had one of his best orgasms ever and the memory of how it had been during the good part continued to haunt him. Having Glen blow him in his underwear was even more exciting, and his cock thickened in his trousers as he imagined the hunky older principal licking his excited shaft through the damp cotton of his briefs.

One of the first things Scott did after being completely humiliated in his tighty-whities was to start wearing boxers under his pants during the day. Scott had worn white boxer shorts to bed for many years, and enjoyed jacking off in them. But, he had always sported briefs under his dress slacks, which were a bit tight for boxers. It took a little while to get use to his equipment bouncing around while he walked wearing the looser boxers, but the stares he got from people eying his now impressive basket made it all worthwhile. After a week or so, Scott got used to the boxers completely and decided to stick with them to allow the best possible access to his prick in case something happened at work.

Scott had fantasized about fooling around with his male co-workers for some time now. Although he was married, his wife rarely put out and their sex life was unsatisfactory at best. Scott was constantly horny and could easily have sex twice a day. If he was very lucky, his wife would let him screw her once a week. That was hardly enough, leaving the hapless administrator with a major league hard-on each and every day. 

As he walked the narrow hallway toward the music department, Scott thought he heard a moan coming from one of the practice rooms. They were soundproofed so well, most of the time he could barely hear even a loud drum being beat to oblivion. There was something about this moan that sounded almost sexual. Scott's dick twitched in his boxers as he imagined what could be going on after school in the remote modular wing. 

The practice room was next to an even larger area that was used by the chorus. One wall featured what looked like a window, but was really a one-way mirror since the room was also used for psychological testing. Someone standing in the chorus area could look into the practice room without being detected as long as they were quiet. Scott decided to go into the empty chorus room and use the mirror to see what was going on. The overhead light was on in the practice room, so the curious administrator could view everything quite clearly.

Scott's eyes practically popped out of his head and his jaw dropped as he took in the sexy scene before him. Standing next to a large drum was Tom Kellogg, the handsome 24 year old band director. His pants were clumped around his ankles, and a thick cut cock jutted from the fly of his blue plaid boxers. On his knees in front of him was Ben Thunem, a part time janitor that had just turned 20. He was sucking Tom's cock like a madman, deep throating him with such skill the band director let out stentorian grunts that could have been heard for a city block.

Scott's prick gave such a lurch in his boxers it punched out of the fly under his pants. Carefully lowering his zipper, he manipulated his rock hard member out into the open and jacked off exquisitely slowly. Ben was now concentrating on the glorious mushroom head of Tom's seven incher, licking the side all the way around and then reversing the direction. Tom's eyes were tightly shut and he appeared to be in extreme ecstasy as the young janitor played one hell of a skin flute. Scott's hand increased the speed of his jacking, fantasizing about what it would be like to have Ben's lips and tongue around his cock. Just when the principal was about to lose a massive load, Tom gently pushed Ben's head away from his cock. Scott held back as the confused janitor was motioned over to a small keyboard and told to bend over it. Tom then reached around and undid Ben's jeans, quickly pushing them to the floor. The janitor's checkered boxers followed, revealing an absolutely smooth butt. 

Scott's hands flew over his excited prick, knowing full well the band director was going to split Ben's ass. Reaching for a small bottle of lube, Tom coated his cock with the gooey stuff, then inserted a couple of fingers up Ben's behind. The young janitor cooed like a baby as Tom frigged him expertly with two, three, and then four fingers. When he could stand the suspense no longer, Tom aimed his hard wang toward the gaping asterisk. He gave one quick push and Ben let out a groan that was so high pitched a bat could have heard it. Scott pounded his prick mercilessly as Tom and Ken established a definite rhythm. The band director thrust forth as far as he could go, then drew back with agonizing slowness. With each thrust Ben wailed and howled at full volume, then sighed in complete contentment as Tom slowly pulled out of him, gently massaging his prostate. 

Scott was just about to lose The Load of Loads, when all of a sudden, he had a diabolical idea. Putting his excited member back in his boxers, he zipped up and took the key out to the practice room. Making his way around to the single wooden door, he quickly put the key in the lock and slowly turned the brass doorknob. The door opened out into the hallway, revealing the incredible scene within. Tom's eyes were tightly shut as he came a good nine spurts into Ben's reddened butt. The janitor in turn bellowed into oblivion as he shot seed everywhere, on the floor, piano, drums, and his lowered jeans. 

"What the hell is going on in here!" Scott pretended to look mad as the surprised band director quickly took his prick out of Ben's butt and scrambled into his pants. The janitor could barely stand as he jumped back into his boxers and jeans. 

"Oh- I get it!" Scott grimaced sarcastically. You know you could lose your jobs for this!"

"Please...don't tell anybody!" Tom was finally able to speak. "We won't do it again, we promise."

"Yeah", Ben nodded sheepishly, "It kind of just happened."

"Just happened, huh?" Scott stared daggers at him. "This will need to go to the Superintendent!"

"N-Noo!" Tom wailed. "There must be something we could do to make this up to you. We'll do anything!"

"Yeah, anything!" Ben nodded.

"Anything, huh?" Scott glared triumphantly at the two men. "OK, meet me in the chorus room tomorrow at 5 o'clock. No one will be around, and we can discuss it then."

"Thanks!" Tom grinned. "We'll be there!"

"Good!" Scott nodded, "Now, carry on gentlemen." He managed a wry grin as he closed the door.

******************************************

The next day was torture for Scott as he walked around with a firm stiffy all day thinking of what he was going to have Tom and Ben do to him. A double blow job sounded good, then he would ravish Ben's smooth butt. It seemed to take forever for 5 o'clock to arrive, but finally Scott ran out to the chorus room just as the office clock started chiming five. When he arrived. Tom and Ben were standing around sipping coffee, looking very anxious. 

"Good evening gentlemen," Scott said with mock formality. "I've decided you can keep your jobs, if you do whatever I say." 

"S-sure," Tom replied a little nervously. "What do you want us to do first?"

"Undress me to my shorts!" Scott knew it was risky, but figured he could quickly throw on his pants and shirt if Marco, the night janitor arrived a bit early. 

"Uh...Yeah." Ben came over and slowly removed Scott's black shoes and dress socks, as Tom unbuttoned his white shirt. Scott wore no t-shirt, and his sparsely hairy chest came into full view much to the delight of the two men. Then, Tom unbuckled Scott's belt and let his pants drop to his ankles. By this time, the administrator's cock had swelled to its full eight inch length and pushed the right leg of his white boxer shorts out obscenely.

"Now take my cock and balls out of my shorts and suck me off. Tom can do my prick and Ben can lick my balls."

"But I never....." Tom was at a loss for words.

"There's always a first time for everything, now SUCK MY COCK!"

Tom tentatively reached into Scott's boxers and hauled out his impressive dick and ample meatballs. He formed an "O" with his lips and let part of the head of Scott's cock slip into his mouth. Scott let out a loud grunt and closed his eyes as the band director gradually sucked more and more of his prick with greater confidence. At the same time, Ben got right next to Tom, pushing his head away from time to time and licking every square inch of Scott's sensitive balls. The principal started to moan so loudly he couldn't help himself. Never in his young life had he ever experienced anything this intense. He almost passed out at one point when Tom thrusted about 6 inches of hard cock into his mouth with one gulp. 

Scott felt his balls boiling, yet knew this was just a prelude to the main event. He reluctantly pushed Tom and Ben away from his crotch, who looked at him incredulously.

"What's the matter?" Tom stared at Scott like he had two heads. "Weren't we good enough?"

"You were great," Scott smiled "I just don't want to cum that way."

As if on cue, Ben stood up and dropped his pants and boxers to his ankles. He bent over the spinet piano in the front of the room and wiggled his cute baby bottom in Scott's direction.

"Take my butt, Scott! I've fantasized about this for months."

Scott didn't need any further urging. He positioned his cock between Ben's buttcheeks and gentle pushed his spit coated member forward. Ben let out an unearthly sound that resembled a half moan, half howl. 

"Split me in two!" "Do it!!" The young janitor was practically delerious at this point. 

The veins in Scott's neck stuck out as he worked Ben's tight butt and felt nothing but pleasure. Tom was getting equally worked up watching the hot scene. He kicked off his shoes and quickly slipped out of his pants. A very respectable 7 inch fat cock poked out of his red plaid boxer shorts like a spear. Walking over to Scott, he pulled his white boxers down a bit in back and quickly shoved his rock hard dick into the tight hole that greeted him. 

"What the fuck!" Scott experienced a rush of pain as he suddenly realized what was happening. "Oh my God, Tom, I can't take it!"

"Sure you can!" Tom reassured him. "Just relax!"

Scott continued to fuck the grunting and groaning janitor with deep strokes. Everytime he pulled back out of Ben's butt, he helped Tom screw him. The three men were pretty much in la-la land as they reached the point of no return.

"This is it guys," Scott grunted as the sweat poured from his face. "I'm going to blow!"

"Me too! Tom squealed. "HERE IT COMES!"

Scott could feel Tom exploding in his behind as he emptied a huge load into Ben's butt. The janitor, in turn started squirting cum everywhere, in nine full squirts.

"GGGOOOOODDDDDDD!" Ben wailed hoarsely.

"FFFFFUUUUCCCKKKKK!" Scott screamed.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Tom spasmed uncontrollably. 

Finally, the high voltage fucking was over. Scott's still hard dick made a plopping sound and he pulled it out of Ben's butt. Tom, in turn, took his shrinking cock out of Scott's ass and hoisted up his dress slacks. In turn, Scott and Ben awkwardly dressed in complete silence. Finally, the principal addressed his subordinates.

"Gentlemen, your jobs are safe. But one word of this to anybody, and you will be out in the street, I can promise you that!"

"Don't worry!" Tom nodded. "We won't tell a soul."

The three men walked to their cars silently, each not fully believing what had just happened. Scott was the most confused by the whole encounter. Never in his wildest dreams did he think he would enjoy man to man sex this much. But Scott had no idea what was in store for him the next day, when a once-in-a -lifetime opportunity presented itself!

to be continued...