 After his unexpected encounter with Ben and Tom, Scott was anxious to have more sexual experiences with them both. Unfortunately, Ben was transferred to a different building, so Scott only saw him occasionally, if at all. However, Tom was definitely still available and the two men rapidly became good jack-off and suck buddies, sometimes having sexual encounters three times a day. Scott became an expert at cocksucking, whereas Tom preferred jacking the principal off until he begged him to stop.

Both men were very attracted to the choir director, Rick Rubbleman. Sure, Rick was married but he clearly hadn't been getting any sex lately. His wife had some complications with her latest pregancy and needed to be hospitalized under complete bedrest. It had been 12 weeks since she had been home and Rick was clearly one horny dude. The bulge in the loose slacks he wore was clearly prominent and it was obvious he either wore boxer shorts or no underwear at all. 

Scott and Tom constantly tried to hatch up schemes to seduce the gorgeous 22 year old hunk. Finally, they had the plan of a lifetime. Rick's birthday was coming up, and they would make him an offer he couldn't refuse. Scott sent Rick an official sounding note to meet him in his office after school, arranging for Tom to be sitting in. At exactly 4 P.M., there was a timid knock on his door. Scott and Tom smiled at each other, rubbing their hands in anticipation of their brilliant plan.

"Come in!" Scott tried to sound authoritarian.

The door slowly opened and Rick entered, visibly nervous. He seemed surprised to see Tom sitting next to the principal, with the same stiff serious expression.

"Is-s-s- everything OK?" Rick was already starting to sweat.

"Well, not exactly," Scott replied in mock seriousness. "We know you are going through a hard time with your wife in the hospital, but you can't walk around with a constant boner all day, the staff and students are starting to complain about it!"

"W-w-wh-a-t-t-t?" Rick stammered in complete disbelief.

"That's right, I've had three complaints about your bulging pants already, two from students no less."

"I-I-I- didn't know....I-I-I...." Rick was really faltering now.

"We're men too." Tom reassured him. "And we have a solution to your problem."

"A s-so-l-l-ut-i-o-n?" All the color was draining from Rick's face.

"That's right, if your wife won't take care of you, we'll have to do it for you. Every day until she's out of the hospital I want you to report to the projection room at 6 in the morning. Nobody will be around and Tom and I will take of your every need. Since tomorrow is your birthday, we'll give you your very first present."

Tom started to hyperventilate. "B-b-b-u-ut-t-t- I can't....I never....."

"There's a first time for everything Rick," Scott grinned. "I'll see you at 6 AM promply tomorrow morning. You'll need to strip down to your underwear, so wear clean boxers."

Tom chuckled as Rick looked like he was going to faint.

"I-I-I-I-never...." Rick was babbling and his hands started to shake.

"You'll do fine!" Scott slapped him on the back and gave him a great big bear hug. "Now get a good night's sleep because you'll have to get up very early tomorrow morning."

The three men left the office together, with Rick shaking his head and muttering under his breath. As they were walking to their cars, Tom stayed near Scott and they both watched Rick get in his tan Mazda like a dejected 8 year old schoolboy. It was all they could do not to burst out laughing.

"He's going to be there at 6 A.M. tommorow on the dot, watch!" Scott winked at Tom, who nodded in reply.

"Yeah, he's hungry for sex...starving!" Tom got into his car and waved goodbye to Scott, dreaming pleasant daydreams about the different ways he was going to masturbate Rick the next day. Scott in turn, started to drive away, imagining Rick's cock deep in his mouth. It was going to be a long night...

The next morning, Tom and Scott got to the projection room at 5:30, wanting to be there well before Rick and to talk the night janitor into leaving a bit early. No one would be at the school until 7 o'clock, leaving them a good hour to carry out their brainchild. Both men rubbed each others' crotches until their cocks poked out obscenely. At exactly 6 A.M., there was an extremely soft knock on the door.

"Come in." Scott ordered in a mock authoritarian tone. 

Rick entered the room head bowed, looking like a 5th grader who was about to lose recess for a week. He was dressed casually, with a pull over jersey and tan khakis. Both Tom and Scott were very impressed with the hunky 6 foot man's imposing looks. Their dicks surged in their pants, begging for release.

"G-g-uys, I really appreciate what you are trying to do, but I can't go through with it." 

Rick stood his ground, keeping one hand on the side of the door.

"CAN'T GO THROUGH WITH IT???" Scott was suddenly loud and threatening. "Do you want me to make those complaints about you public?"

Rick's jaw dropped. "Y-y-ou mean y-y-you'd...."

"That's right Rick, public hearing, everything, and your name in the paper."

"B-b-b-u-u-t-t- I can't.....I never...." Rick looked like he was about to cry.

"Don't worry Rick, we'll show you how it's done. Now sit on the sofa and just watch."

Rick reluctantly followed Scott's orders. As if on cue, Tom came over to Scott with his huge basket very prominent. Rick's eyes practically popped out of his head as Scott bent down and took off Tom's dress shoes and black socks. He then slowly unbuttoned his white shirt and let it fall onto the floor. Tom was wearing a stark white wife beater which showed off his curly black chest hair to good advantage. Rick took in a sharp intake of breath as Scott skillfully unbuckled Tom's dress slacks. They fell to the floor in a heap and Tom stepped out of them, naked save for his beater and a pair of green plaid boxer shorts. Scott deftly pushed the band director's fat cock toward the slit in his boxers. It bounced out as Rick gasped. He had never seen another man's dick hard and Tom's was as stiff as a cement block. Scott started out slowly, swirling his tongue around Tom's peterhead as the band director moaned softly. Then he took inch after sweet inch of Tom's tasty cock down his mouth, eventually deep throating him like a madman. Tom's moans became louder and louder, and the ecstatic look on his face was not unnoticed by Rick. He knew in a matter of moments Scott's lips would be exploring his own hard dick and his member was so stiff it was about to rip a hole in his boxers.

Scott played Tom's skin flute for a good two minutes until he begged him to stop. Letting Tom's prick slowly out of his mouth, Scott stood up in anticipation of what his best buddy was going to do to him. 

Tom bent down and reverently removed Scott's shoes and socks. Then he unbuttoned his white dress shirt and threw it on the sofa. Scott wore no t-shirt and his golden brown chest hair gleamed with sweat. Tom greedily unbuckled Scott's belt and let his black dress slacks fall to his ankles, revealing white boxer shorts that resembled a small pup tent. He eagerly worked Scott's hard 8 incher out of the boxer fly and vigorously began jacking it. Scott grunted loudly and closed his eyes. Tom's fingers flew over Scott's dick, bending his member in many different directions to heighten the sensations. The very aroused principal started to howl with lust as Rick's cement hard dick leaked precum into his boxers. After about 3 minutes of frantic jacking, Scott reluctantly pushed Tom's hands away from his throbbing member. "I think it's time to take care of the guest of honor."

Rick's voice suddenly got very high and he sounded like a frightened teen age girl.

"I can't do it, I can't do it!"

Scott knew he and Tom had to act fast. As Rick scrambled off the sofa and backed up toward the door, Tom quickly got in back of him to stop his progress. At the same time, Scott advanced on the hapless choral director quickly and grabbed him by the belt. As Tom held Rick against the wall, arms flailing, Scott quickly unbuckled Rick's belt and pulled down his khakis.

"NOT MY FUCKING PANTS! PLEASE!!" Rick wailed in desperation but it was two against one. With his pants around his ankles, Scott deftly removed Rick's dress shoes and black socks as Tom yanked his jersey and plain white t-shirt over his head at the same time. In a matter of seconds Rick was naked except for a very tented pair of blue and white striped boxer shorts. Scott and Tom managed to drag Rick back to the sofa and pushed him down to a sitting position. Scott got on his knees and pushed Rick's wang toward the gaping boxer slit. It bounced out as Rick grunted loudly, a nice 7 incher with a deep purple head. 

Not wasting any time, Scott took a good 4 inches of Rick's tool down his mouth in one gulp. The choral director let out a stentorian shriek which could have been heard for a city block. As Scott explored every square inch of his cock with his expert tongue, the sensations became overwhelming for Rick. He hadn't been blown in 4 months and certainly not like this. He spontaneously began thrashing the sofa with his arm in rhythm with each one of Scott's downstrokes on his tender prick. After a couple of minutes of extreme bliss for Rick, Scott let his hard cock out of his mouth and Tom immediately squirted some lube all over the choral director's stiffy. He then masturbated the object of his desire exquisitely slowly as Rick cooed like a baby.

"Awwww Tom, that feels so good, awwwww shhhhiiitttt!"

Rick had his eyes tightly closed but opened them as Tom became more adventurous, bending his cock at odd angles in a roughly circular shape. 

"That's hot Tom, do "Around The World." Scott and his best buddy had become well versed in the many different ways to jerk off and were anxious to try some fun techniques on Rick. Tom went "around the world" several times like a chinese water torture, going in wider and wider circles until he sensed that Rick's balls tightening. He then changed to "Earthquake" jiggling Rick's cock in his well lubed hands rapidly to stimulate an earthquake. 

"HOLY FUCK!!" Rick screamed in abandon. Tom was jerking him way better then he could wank himself. Goaded on by Rick's moans and groans, Tom increased the "earthquake" by one notch of the Richter Scale as Scott stared hungrily at Rick's ample ball sacks spilling out of his boxers. Wedging his head right below Tom's rapidly shaking hand, Scott stuck his tongue out and bathed the tender ball sacs. Rick's screams became higher pitched and more frantic.

"GGGGGOOODDD! I CAN'T FUCKING TAKE IT I'M GOING TO BLOW! THIS IS IT!"

Rick let out an unearthly bellow as his cock started to spurt cum everywhere. At the same time Tom's dick started to blow, and he aimed his cum volleys at Rick's face. Scott stood up as he felt his own impending orgasm, letting his cock rest on Rick's chest.

"FUCKING BITCH! HERE IT COMES!"

Scott grunted up a storm as he jettisoned 8 blasts of cum onto Rick's midsection. At the same time Tom screamed as he came a good 6 full spurts onto Rick's face. As for Rick, he erupted 10 times, shooting his cum 8 feet away in tremendous volleys. In a matter of seconds, all three men collapsed onto the couch, breathing heavily and completely spent.

Rick was the first one to talk as he continued to gasp in post orgasmic bliss. 

"That was fuckin' incredible! You guys are crazy!"

Scott looked at Rick and chuckled. Copious cum steaked down his face and there were gobs all over his chest and legs. 

"Guess you liked it after all...so it will be tomorrow at the same time then?"

Scott winked at Rick who was too tired to move. He eventually managed a small nod, wondering what the duo had in store for him the next day...!

Note: If you liked this story, there are two other installments of The Education of Scott series in the Gay Male category. Feel free to vote and comment, and suggest ideas for future adventures of Scott and his friends.