 This is a fantasy story set in a fictitious land and in a time of medieval sorcery. All characters depicted are 18+. Although this story is in a time where safe sex is not heard of I would always recommend the practise of safe sex. 

CHAPTER 1 -- A Storm is brewing. 

Vernon shivers in the cold air of the shack and places another log on the fire. The storm outside is raging hard, the sound of the rain on the roof has a soothing rush to it but the winds are a little unsettling. The shack is poorly maintained and has a habit of falling apart in high winds, he hopes the repairs he did from the last storm hold. He looks at the four walls surrounding him made of old wood and lime, it's looking old and tired, which is how he feels at the moment. He is sitting in an old rocking chair next to the stone fireplace, the fire burning hot is comforting, a pot of broth is brewing above it. In the room is just a bench where he and his son prepare the food they eat, two beds, one his and one for his son and a small oval mirror above the fireplace. The mirror looks completely out of place here with it's gold ornate carvings, it seems it belongs in a palace rather than a farmers shack.

Vernon stands up and looks in the mirror, his deep green eyes look tired, his jet black hair unkempt, his face unshaven. He needs some sleep, something he hasn't been able to do properly for some days now. His face is still handsome even though it has been become quite weathered from working the fields all day for the last 25 years. Being a farmer has kept him trim too with a slim body and nicely toned muscles.

He thinks about the time he first got the farm with his wife, Jeena. It was so full of promise, their start for a future together, a family and someday a ranch. This wasn't to be, Jeena died from ill health 15 years ago and Vernon found himself raising his son and running the farm alone. 

Vernon leans forward and places his head against the mirror, he sighs heavily. The farm. The Gods have been unkind this year and the crops have failed. He cannot pay the rent and his landlord is very ruthless. He feels helpless, this farm he has attended to for the last 20 years is slipping away from him. It feels like his whole life to now has been meaningless.

He hears a groan from his son's bed and rushes over. Bain is unconscious, sick with fever, sweat covering his face. Vernon places his hand on the boy's forehead, it's hot, the boy is burning up. His eyes fill with tears, he's about to lose his farm, he doesn't want to lose his son too. 

Bain wasn't born to him and Jeena, he was found. They had been walking along a river one day when they had discovered a body, a woman, clutching a bundle of rags. They was about to leave and inform the local guardian when the bundle moved, inside was a little baby boy, not more than 2 weeks old, wrapped up with him was the mirror now hanging above the fire. Against his better judgement Jeena had persuaded Vernon to keep the child as they had been trying for years now to start a family and had been unsuccessful. This was the only way they could have a family. Vernon has no regrets about it now but he still wonders who Bains real family might be.

Vernon picks up a cloth and wipes the boy's brow. He is such a handsome boy with blond hair, big blue eyes and the sweetest smile he has ever seen. He prays that soon he will be able to see that smile again. He leans over and kisses him tenderly on the forehead.

Suddenly there is banging on the door. Startled Vernon quickly jumps up and runs to the window. Moving the rags aside used for curtains he peers out but it's dark and he can only just make out a figure in a long tunic, he seems to be carrying something. Vernon moves to the door and gingerly opens it, as the light from inside the shack escapes through the door it lights up an old man. His tunic is drenched as too his is grey beard. There is a look of anguish in his eyes. In his arms is a boy, naked, wet and unconscious.

"Please we need help," the old man croaks and with that he collapses into a heap on the ground. Vernon then sees a large blood stain on the back of the old man's tunic.

"Fuck!" he shouts.

He quickly picks up the boy and takes him to his bed, then rushes back, helps the old man to his feet and inside and sits him in the rocking chair.

"What happened?" Vernon asks.

"We was attacked," the old man replies.

Vernon rushes back to the still open door, the wind and rain howling just outside. He looks out to see if the attackers are still around, he can't see anything but it's too dark. He quickly closes the door.

"Your attackers are they still around?" He asks the old man.

"No we were attacked over 2 leagues from here, we managed to escape but not before I took 3 arrows to my back. Rafael did his best to heal me but the wounds are too deep."

"Here let me get you some broth, and we'll see about fixing your wounds."

"No, please, I'm dying and nothing you do will be able to stop it." the old man says grabbing Vernon by the arm and coughing voilently. The old mans grip is weak and Vernon could easily pull away but he doesn't. "My name is Sheerkan and I am the boy's guardian."

Sheerkan looks deep into Vernon's eyes, searching for something.

"You look like a good man, but I need to ask you an important question."

"Yes, anything," Vernon replies.

"Who is your allegiance to?"

"Why Aljeron of course, isn't every one?" Sheerkan looks deep into Vernon's eyes, this confuses him. "Why do you ask?"

"No not everyone is loyal to our great leader. I ask because you are my last hope, I need to pass the task for which I am charged to you."

"What task?" Vernon asks a little startled.

"The boy on your bed, Rafael, he is the son of Aljeron."

"WHAT!" Vernon pulls back sharply. He looks at the boy lying unconscious on his bed, his hair black, long and wet from the rain. The boy's face is sweet with a turned up button nose and a pair of pink plump lips. "The son of Aljeron here? I didn't even know he had a son."

"No one is supposed to. When Rafael was born I was charged with his upbringing. We was sent north to a secret place on the farthest reaches of the kingdom where I raised him and taught him everything he knows." Sheerkan coughs again and blood starts to trickle from his lips.

"Oh crap! Here use this," Vernon kneels down in front of him and hands him a cloth.

"Thank you."

"Please let me try to help you," Vernon pleads as Sheerkan wipes his mouth.

Sheerkan is wracked with pain, he can feel the darkness descending and he knows it will eventually consume him but he has to fight it long enough to get his message across.

"No, I'm beyond help, please listen, I have to tell you," he says placing his hand on Vernons shoulder. "Aljeron is dying." Vernon stiffens. "I got word to bring Rafael to him and that's what I was doing when we got attacked."

"Wait," Vernon suddenly realises what the task is, "let me guess, you want me to take Rafael to Aljeron?"

"Yes"

"Holy crap!" Vernon pulls away. "I can't do that! I mean, I have a farm to run. My son! My son is ill I can't leave him."

Sheerkan looks over at Bain in his bed.

"Your son will be fine."

"How can you say that? Look at him, he's had this fever now for 5 days, there is now way I am leaving him, you'll have to find someone else."

"Trust me your boy will be fine. Please listen there is more you need to know."

"Please, I'm sorry old man but I can't help you, there is nothing more you can tell me to make me change my mind."

"I'm not trying to change your mind, destiny has already made that choice for you. But please listen to what I have to say, whether or not you are willing to go." Sheerkan coughs again and more blood is bought up.

"Oh fuck! I'm sorry, ok please continue, I'll listen but I can't promise anything." he says suddenly feeling guilty.

"Aljeron is a sorcerer."

"What? Really? Wow! I mean I had heard rumours."

"Therefore Rafael has special abilities, he is enchanted but as with all enchanted boys they are mute and cannot talk. If he is not delivered to Aljeron before his death then all his powers cannot be transferred to the boy and the kingdom will be up for grabs. I probably don't need to tell you who that might take advantage of that."

"Solton."

"Yes, the most evil man I have ever had the displeasure of meeting. Aljeron is constantly struggling to keep him under control. I think it may have been his soldiers that attacked me. I don't know how but I think he found out about Rafael. Be careful, he has spies everywhere, trust no-one"

"So your saying if I do take Rafael to Aljeron I could get killed in the process? Mind made up! I ain't going!"

Sheerkan starts coughing even more violently, he slumps back in the chair and a torrent of blood gushes from his mouth.

"Oh no!" Vernon grabs another cloth and wipes the old mans mouth.

The darkness is descending fast now and Sheerkan knows his time is up.

"There's one more thing," the old man is barely whispering now. "Rafael has a brother...." but before he finishes his last breath expires and he slips away.

"Wait, no, Rafael has a brother? Who is it?" Vernon shakes the old man but it's too late.

"Father?" Vernon spins round and sees Bain is awake.

"Bain! How are you feeling are you any better." he rushes to his bed and puts his hand on the boys forehead, it's still just as hot and he is sweating even more.

"You have to go," Bain says.

"You heard?"

"Yes father, please."

"No Bain, I'm not leaving you, you're my world right now, I don't know what I'd do if I lost you." but Bain had slipped back into unconsciousness.

He looks back at the old man, then at the boy. He moves to his bed and sits next to him. The boy really is rather beautiful, not a hair on his slim smooth and silky 5'6" body and he looks to be around 15. Vernon notices the boy's cock, it's big, very big, probably a good 5" soft ,that's almost as big as his own is hard. Vernon shakes his head suddenly realising he's looking at this boy lustfully.

He stands up and walks to the old man. He checks his pulse, nothing. He looks through the old mans tunic and finds a map, unfolding it he sees the kingdom of Aljeron in detail. This is the first map he has ever seen of the kingdom in which he has lived all his life. He finds the location of Aljerons palace, it's in Barthem city at the edge of an ocean, he tries to locate his province around the same area. It's not until he looks at the far edge of the map that he realises how far it is.

'50 leagues! I definitely ain't going,' he thinks to himself.

He folds the map back up and places it on the bench. He then looks at the old man, there is no way he can leave him there all night so he decides to move him to just outside the door and bury him in the morning.

As Vernon leans forward to lift up the old man he is suddenly knocked off his feet and lands on his ass. Dazed he sees Rafael climb on the chair and place his hands either side of the old mans head. He arches his back and it looks as though he is trying to pull his head off. Vernon watches puzzled. They boy tries again and again, obviously straining hard, but the old mans head isn't actually moving. Vernon wonders what the boy is doing if he's not trying to pull his head off. Soon the boy collapses on the mans chest his mouth wide open his eyes streaming tears, his body convulsing. Vernon realises the boy is crying, so he kneels up and places a hand on his shoulder to try and consolidate him. Rafael looks at Vernon with bleary eyes.

"I'm sorry there was nothing I could do,"

Vernon looks into his large dark eyes, wow this boy really is cute. The boy's long black hair falls forward and covers his face, without thinking Vernon brushes it back with his fingers, something he would do to Jeena often. Rafael climbs down off Sheekans lap, puts his arms around Vernon and sobs in his shoulder. Vernon's arms are open wide, he's startled at the affection from the young boy but he realises that he is in mourning now and probably needs some comforting. He wraps his arms around the boy's naked body and caresses his damp hair. He feels a little uncomfortable holding a naked boy like this especially with such a large cock pressing agains his body, he's grateful he's still fully clothed. He decides to put the boy back on the bed so he stands up lifting Rafael with him. The boy wraps his legs around Vernon, he's surprised by this but finds himself putting his hand under the boys ass cheeks to stop him slipping down. Rafael's skin feels smooth and silky to the touch and he finds himself fighting the urge to stroke it. He lays him down on the bed, Rafael lets go and curls up still sobbing. Vernon sits with him for a while stroking the his hair and the boy soon cries himself back to sleep.

Vernon stands up fetches a blanket and covers Rafael. He's uncomfortable having this boy around, tomorrow he'll figure out what to do once he has buried the old man. He walks over to him and lifts him out the chair, he's heavy but Vernon is strong and easily manages to pick him up. He opens the door and places him just outside, the rain and wind is still raging hard, he nips back inside and returns with a blanket and covers the old mans face.

'It's only right' he thinks to himself.

Exhausted he wipes the blood off the rocking chair, sits in it and promptly falls asleep. His dreams are troubled, visions of eviction from his farm, running from soldiers trying to kill him and making love to someone, someone with black hair and dark eyes, Rafael, but suddenly the face changes he's no longer making love to Rafael, he's making love to Bain!

He is suddenly woken by a loud bang, he looks up and see's the door is wide open and the wind is slamming it against his bed. Rafael is missing so he gets up and looks outside. There curled up on top of the old man is Rafael, the rain drenching him. He feels a lump in his throat, this boy really did love the old man. He knows the boy cannot stay out here, the cold will kill him so bending down he picks him up. The boy is shivering and soaking wet, he wraps his arms round Vernon's neck and hugs him tightly. Vernon takes him back inside and stands him in front of the fire, grabs a large linen cloth and dries him off. The boy stands there letting Vernon dry him, but all the time he avoids his groin. Once he has finished he throws the cloth on the chair and realises that Rafael is now semi erect. Vernon gasps at its size but immediately looks away. Rafael grabs Vernon by the arm and pulls him closer, they look in each others eyes. The boy's big brown eyes even though a little red from crying are inviting to him, he has visions of leaning forward and kissing him on those sweet pink lips. Rafael starts to unfasten the cord on Vernon's tunic. Vernon panics and pushes Rafael away.

"No!" he snaps. Rafael looks startled. Vernon sits on the edge of Bains bed.

"Tomorrow we bury the old man and you can be on your way."

Rafael flings himself on the rocking chair, curls up and starts crying again. Vernon stands up grabs the blanket off the bed and covers him with it. Rafael looks up at Vernon with teary eyes then grabs the blanket and flings it on the floor.

"Fine if you want to freeze to death," Vernon says.

Vernon then gets on his bed and faces the wall away from Rafael. He's troubled, why is he having lustful thoughts for this boy. He hasn't been with a woman now for 15 years and maybe the boy's feminine ways is reminding him of what he's missing. 

Rafael tosses and turns on the chair, it's uncomfortable, he stands up to stretch when he see's the mirror. It looks familiar, he's certain he's seen it somewhere before. He grabs either side of the frame and his fingers tingle

Vernon must have drifted off to sleep but was woken by a body climbing onto the bed next to him. Vernon didn't move, Rafael wraps his arms round him and snuggles up close, Vernon begins to silently cry, tears streaming down his face, how he misses the affection of another.