 This is a fantasy story set in a fictitious land and in a time of medieval sorcery. All characters depicted are 18+. Although this story is in a time where safe sex is not heard of I would always recommend the practise of safe sex. 

CHAPTER 5 -- A journey of discovery. 

They had been riding for hours now taking a steady pace, the horses not bred for speed. Bain and Rafael followed behind Vernon, Vernon lost in deep thought, contemplating the new direction his life is taking and where this might all lead.

Throughout the journey he didn't say much, he was still confused about what happened with Bain earlier that day and was trying to deal with these new feelings he had for both Rafael and Blain. The sex with Rafael was good and although he tried to convince himself he wouldn't let it happen again he knew it most probably would. His feelings for Bain however is different, this is his son, the vision of him wanking his son off haunted him and would get him erect immediately. 

This hasn't gone unnoticed to Bain either, the whole journey his father hasn't spoken to him once, he's sure Vernon is angry with him, even the episode with Abloo makes him think that his father was going to let Abloo have his way with him to punish him.

Rafael being the sensitive soul that he is could tell Bain was feeling sad. He was riding behind Bain, his arms wrapped around him. Rafael then started to move behind Blain.

"What are you doing?" he asked. Then to his amazement Rafael nimbly worked his way in front of Bain without either of them having to dismount.

Rafael then took the reigns, Blain was a little reluctant to let go at first but Rafael seemed to know how to handle a horse. Blain had nowhere to put his hands so he placed them on Rafael's hips. Blain didn't think much about this exchange but Rafael knew he wouldn't be able to keep his hands off him for long. Rafael leaned forward a little curving his back, showing off the cleft of his sexy little ass.

Soon the motion of the horse was causing Rafael's naked ass to rub against Bain's crotch and it almost seemed like Rafael was moving his hips to exaggerate the movement, he was. Needless to say Bain very quickly got an erection. Bain looked down at Rafael's torso and he started to stroke the naked boy. He admired the boy's curvy ass as his cock rubbed in the crack through the material of his britches and wondered what it would be like to fuck him. He ran his hands gently up the boy's sides and over his back, his skin felt so soft and smooth. He ran his fingers up his sides again and then round to his front, Rafael leant back giving Bain better access. His hands wandered over the boy's chest for a while before descending and finally finding the boy's now very erect cock.

Bain looked over Rafael's shoulder at the magnificent cock, he wrapped his fingers round it and began to wank him.

"I love your cock," Bain whispered to him, Rafael looked back at him smiling.

"Can I make you cum?" Rafael nodded.

Bain continued to wank the boy, he was no longer thinking about his father up ahead not speaking, he was enjoying playing with Rafael too much for that to enter his mind. He watched intently as he slid his fingers up and down the boy's 8" cock, precum formed on the end so with his forefinger and thumb he smeared it around. He then continue to stroke his cock and by now precum was oozing out so he used it to lube up Rafael's cock. Rafael was breathing heavy now and his body was tensing, he flung his head back onto Bain's shoulder, his cock expanded more and his body shook as a volcano of cum erupted from him. Bain marvelled as the cum flew high in the air, some landing on the horses maine. Again and again Rafael cum and Blain thought he would never stop. Soon he was milking the last drops from the spent cock, some of the cum dribbling on his fingers. Blain lifted his hand up and licked it off, he loved the taste of Rafael's cum and wished he had been in a position to catch it in his mouth.

Rafael handed the reigns back to Bain, then surprisingly he spun round to face him. They kissed, for the first time in his life he was kissing another boy, it felt wonderful, Rafael's lips soft and tender against his. Rafael began undoing Bains britches as their tongues danced in each others mouths. Bain knew he should complain but he was too worked up and wanted release. His cock was soon exposed to the fresh air and Rafael began to wank the huge cock as they continued to kiss. All it took was five long strokes and Bain let out a long groan in Rafael's mouth before his cock exploded up the boy's naked body. His orgasm was intense, really intense as he blasted rope after rope of hot boy juice over Rafael.

"Thanks," Bain said breaking their kiss.

Rafael smiled and leant back against the horses neck, holding Bains arms to steady himself. Bain look at the beautiful boy's naked body now covered in his cum. Bain leant forward and began to lick the cum of Rafael's body, he was accustomed to the taste of his own cum often shooting into his own mouth when he jerked off. Soon Bain had licked Rafael clean and Rafael sat back up and kissed Bain again tasting the cum in his mouth. 

The sun was now setting and the woods they had just entered made things seem dark.

"We need to stop for the night," Vernon said turning to the boys. Bain immediately dropped his hands down to cover his groin but Vernon had already seen. He didn't really mind that the boy's were playing with each other, he knew that if Bain really is gay then him and Rafael wouldn't be able to keep their hands off each other. Bain was a little surprised when his father didn't say anything.

Rafael pulls his hands out of Bain's britches and points over to their left. Just off the track are some ruins so they head over to check them out.

"This looks perfect," Vernon says dismounting his horse.

The boys dismount and Vernon secures the horses.

Vernon sets out the bedding while the boys gather some firewood. Bain returns, his arms filled with branches, Rafael sneaks up behind him, pulls down his britches and runs of.

"Argh! You sod!" Bain cries out and ends up shuffling to the campsite, his cock swaying as he does so.

Vernon sees Bains naked lower half but doesn't say anything, Bain drops the wood and pulls up his britches. He looks at his father, he thinks he is still angry with him, Bain really want's to fix it but he doesn't know how.

Darkness now surrounds them as they eat sitting around the fire. The silence is too much for Bain.

"Father, I'm sorry I made you angry, please don't be angry with me anymore," he say's, tears are swelling up in his eyes.

Vernon looks up at him, "What? No, Oh fuck! Bain I'm so sorry," he rushes over to him and wraps his arms round him. "I'm not angry with you, why would you think that?"

"Because you've been avoiding talking to me, all along the journey you never spoke to me once. And you was going to let Abloo you know." he is crying hard now.

"Oh Blain no," he hugs him harder, "I'm so sorry, I should never have contemplated that, it's me thats in the wrong not you."

Vernon felt sick, he had no idea Blain was feeling like this, all through his life they have always talked, about everything, they really were soulmates.

"I'm sorry if I've been quiet but it's not because I'm angry with you," he continues.

"Really?"

"Really."

"What's wrong father? Why have you been so quiet?"

Vernon pulls back and wipes the tears from Bain's eyes, he decides it's confession time maybe talking about what is happening to him will help him deal with it. His son has always been a good listener but this is the first time he's been part of the problem.

"Ever since Rafael showed up I've been having thoughts that I had never had before." Vernon says.

"What kind of thoughts?" Bain asks, Vernon sits down on the ground next to Bain and hold his hand, Rafael moves closer to the other side of Bain intrigued by the conversation and what is about to unfold.

"Thoughts of lust," Vernon looks into Rafael's large dark eyes, "he's so beautiful, I just want to make love to him but I have never had feeling like that for another boy or even man come to that."

Bain squeezes his fathers hand.

"This morning when we was bathing I couldn't help it, I got lost in the heat of the moment and I really enjoyed it. That's when you saw us."

Bain swallows, his cock stirs as he remembers watching his father sucking on Rafael and then fucking him.

"I then saw you and I forgot what I was doing, I just wanted to make sure you was ok and then er, I saw your, er cock. I just got carried away, I'm so sorry Blain for doing that to you."

"Father, please don't apologise, I-I-I liked it, it felt really nice, especially when you, you know, made me cum," Blain blushes. Vernon squeezes his hand back.

"I liked doing that to you, in fact there's so much I wanted to do to you. I still want to do to you."

"Oh Father I would like that so much."

"We can't Bain, it just wouldn't be right, I'm your father, you're my son."

"But I've been thinking about that. You know how you said I was found?"

"Yes," Vernon knows where this is going.

"Well if I was your real son then yeah, that wouldn't be right, but I'm not so is that so wrong?"

Rafael shakes his head, grabs Vernon's and tries to push them together.

"No Rafael, it still feels wrong to me, I bought him up from a little baby, even though I'm not your real father it feels like I am."

Bain looks at the ground, "I understand."

Vernon grabs his son and pulls him close, "I love you son."

"I love you too," Bain replies.

Rafael joins in and hugs them both back, they smile at him.

"Come on, it's time we got some rest, we have a long day ahead of us tomorrow," Vernon says.

Vernon had placed the sleeping matts apart and around the fire but Rafael has other plans. He picks up two of the matts and places them side by side with the third.

"What's he doing?" Vernon asks.

"I think he want's us to sleep together." Bain explains.

"Ok but no sex, ok? We need to sleep."

Rafael get's on the middle matt and smiles. Vernon and Bain get down on the matts either side but Rafael pushes them off.

"What?" Vernon asks.

Rafael grabs the trouser legs of Vernon's and Bain's britches and shakes them.

"I think he want's us to sleep naked," Blain says.

"No, that's not a good idea," Vernon protests.

Rafael shakes his head and tugs on their britches again.

"Well ok but..." Before he could finish his sentence Bain was stripping out of his clothes. He liked the idea of sleeping naked under the stars and the word 'ok' was all he needed to hear. "I was going to say we'll keep our britches on." Vernon looked at his boy's naked body, he really is a beautiful boy. "Ah fuck it!" And soon all three was naked on the matts.

The all hugged closely and Rafael's hand began to wander over Vernon's ass. Vernon slapped it away.

"I said no sex! Now go to sleep." Bain giggled.

Soon they had all dozed off.

* * *

Bain couldn't sleep as he lay on his back looking up at the stars, he saw a volley of shooting stars and he quickly made a wish. Rafael's arm was over his chest and he turned the look at him, the moonlight giving an iridescent glow to his skin. Bain turned to face him and kissed him gently on the lips, Rafael opened his eyes and kissed back. Soon they was in a passionate embrace and Rafael pushed Bain onto his back with him on top. He gyrated his groin in to Bains and soon their boy cocks was starting to swell. Rafael broke the kiss and began to slide down his stomach. 

Bain knew what was coming, he'd been waiting for this for so long and now it was finally going to happen. He felt Rafael lick the head of his now fully erect cock, he moaned then quickly slapped his hand over his mouth not wanting to wake his father. Rafael continued to lick the head of his cock, his tongue dancing around the glands and slit, licking away a small drop of precum. He then opened his lips and slid them over the head of the huge cock, Bain gasped into his palm, the sensation was sublime, the warm mouth encircling the head of his cock. Bain watched as the boy's lips slid down his shaft, he so wanted to moan out loud, to let Rafael know that what he was doing felt so damn wonderful. 

Rafael sank lower and Bain could feel his cock hit the back of the boy's throat, Rafael swallowed and suddenly Bain felt his cock slip down the boy's throat, he flung his head back in absolute ecstasy. Bain could feel his cock slip deeper when he felt some thing touch his pubes, he looked back up and to his astonishment Rafael had swallowed his entire cock, his nose now buried in his small bush. Rafael pulled off completely, licked the head of the cock then smiled at Bain before sliding back down his shaft. Bain threw his head back once more as Rafael again devoured the entire length of his cock. 

Rafael's hand was massaging Bain's tight sack and his fingers began to stroke Bain's perineum. Soon his finger had reached Bain's virgin hole and he gently stroked it. Bain gasped into his palm again opening his legs wider, if this amazing blow job wasn't enough he'd just discovered another amazing sensation on top. Rafael prodded and poked at his hole and slowly slid his finger inside, Bain was beside himself with the unbelievable pleasure he was feeling. Eventually Rafael had his entire finger in Bain's virgin ass and was slowly finger fucking him.

Bain was going wild with passion, the build up to his orgasm was excruciatingly slow, he was panting heavily, this was the most unbelievable pleasure he had ever experienced in his life and he didn't want it to stop. Raphael stopped finger fucking Bain but sought out his prostrate, he found it and began to massage it, Bain nearly shouted as yet another new sensation hit him. Before long his legs began to shake, his toes curled up and every muscle in his body tensed, his testicles had withdrawn completely and it felt like his cock hand grown another inch and he was biting his hand to stop himself from screaming. Suddenly the orgasm raced up his body like a tidal wave and his cock erupted deep into Rafael's throat. Rafael wanted to taste it so he quickly pulled off, opened his mouth and caught then next few bolts cleanly. Rafael continue to milk Bains cock with his hand as his orgasm slowly petered away.

Rafael sat there for a while playing with Bain's softening cock his finger still inside him.

"That was fucking unbelievable!" he whispered. Rafael smiled at him.

Bain sat up causing Rafael to remove his finger.

"What's it like to be fucked?"

Rafael pointed to his cock and then to Bain's ass nodding, Bain got the message straight away, he swallowed hard and nodded back. Rafael got up and pushed him forward onto his hands and knees so he was now in the opposite direction he was previously. Rafael gently pushed on Bain's back between his shoulder blades and Bain understood and lowered his head to the ground. He turned his head sideways and could see his father's feet, he realised if his father woke up he would see a bird's eye view of his little hole. Rafael got behind him and his heart began to race again, his cock was rock hard again from the anticipation but instead of Rafael putting his cock at Bain's hole he knelt down and began to lick his boy cunt. Bain gasped then quickly bit his lip, here was another new wonderful sensation and wondered if there was anything new he could possibly discover, of course being fucked was inevitable. Rafael's tongue darted around Bain's hole expertly and it was sending Bain wild, he was groaning now and not realising it. Rafael pushed in with his tongue, one of the benefits of being a sorcerers son is having a very flexible tongue and he used it on Bain to the extent that he was able to penetrate Bain's ass by a good 6". Bain almost jump out of his skin at this new sensation.

"Oh fuck me! Please fuck me now!" he tried to whisper, but he was getting louder.

By now Rafael had delivered copious amounts of saliva in to Bain's ass and while doing so had worked the steady stream of his precum onto his shaft, he was now ready to fuck him. Being much shorter than Bain he couldn't fuck him while kneeling so he stood up and squatted down. He lowered his cock and placed it at Bain's entrance. Bain was terrified yet unbelievably excited at the prospect of having a cock up his ass.

"Oh yes! Please fuck me!" he begged.

Rafael pushed hard and the head of his cock slipped in, pain wracked Bain's ass but he stifled the urge to scream. Rafael could see the pain on Bains face and stayed still for a short while. Slowly the pain subsided.

"Ok, I'm ok now," Bain whispered.

Rafael slid his cock in inch by inch slowly filling Bain's bowels. Bain groaned at the sensation of having his ass filled. Bit by bit Rafael slid his cock into Bain, slipping past his prostrate. Eventually Bain could feel Rafael's hips touch his ass cheeks, and he realise the whole of his cock was now inside him. Rafael the withdrew to the tip and slid deep back inside. Bain groaned at this new wonderful pleasure. Rafael began to fucking him now taking long deep strokes his pace get faster, Bain groaned loudly now and grabbing his cock pushing it back between his legs began to jerk himself off.

Vernon's dreams was troubling him, he kept seeing visions of the old man urging him to get to Aljeron, Abloo chasing him for his rent the sheriff right behind. He dreamt he was making love to Rafael, his cock buried deep in the boy, leaning forward to kiss him, then pulling back only to see it was Blain all along. Bain was groaning as his cock buried deep within his son's ass, all the time trying to deny what is happening. Bain's groans was getting louder until finally he realised he wasn't asleep. He opened his eyes and was shocked by the site in front of him. There was Bain, his arse in the air with Rafael fucking him. Bains huge cock was pocking out from behind him and he was wanking it in earnest. Vernon's cock was already hard when he woke up but it swelled up bigger when he saw what was happening. He couldn't move, he didn't know what to say, it was unbelievably erotic seeing his son get fucked and enjoying it too. Vernon began to jerk his cock as he watched his son's virgin ass get fucked for the very first time.

"Oh fuck yeah! Oh yeah fuck me Rafe, fuck my virgin ass!" Bain panted.

Vernon was shocked hearing his son talk like this yet incredibly turned on by it. 

"Oh my! Oh Fuck I'm gonna cum!" he exhorted.

Rafael quickened his pace and Bain was jerking his big cock faster now, Vernon matched his speed on his own.

"URRRGGHH!! I'M CUUMMMMIIINNNGG!" Bain shouts and his cock erupts spraying his seed on the matt below him.

Bain's sphincter pulsates and Rafael's legs start trembling just as he explodes deep in Bain's ass. Vernon loses it and grunting loudly his body tenses and his cock erupts showering himself with cum, landing on his face and body. Rafael collapses on Bain's back and hugs him, his cock still inside.

Bain freezes when he hears his father grunt, an eerie silence descends. Bain slowly looks round and sees his father looking straight at him, he blushes deep red. Bain suddenly wishes that Rafael would get off, this position making him incredibly embarrassed.

"Bain," Vernon breaks the silence.

Rafael looks up and sees Vernon awake, pulls out of Bain and lies down next to Vernon wrapping his arms around him. Vernon looks at Rafael and then back at Bain. Bain slowly gets up and turns round, his cock still hard but slowly deflating.

"Bain, come here," Vernon requests.

Bain gingerly shuffles over to his father's side and kneels close to him, he hangs his head down feeling quite ashamed at his father catching him like that.
