 Sheriff Carter finds a sheltered spot on the trail in the mountains and decides to set up camp there for the night. The trail follows along a ledge high up, and the view is quite spectacular. They had been traveling most the day and cleared the border security patrolled by Soltan's men with little trouble. Carter had the forethought to gag Will and when asked who he was, he just said a prisoner being transported south, even though Will was screaming behind his gag, they didn't ask anymore questions.

Carter pulls Will from his horse and unties him, "Strip!" he shouts.

"Please let me go, why are you doing this?" Will pleas.

"Strip or I'll cut your clothes off you!" Carter yells brandishing his knife in front of Will.

Will obliges and is soon naked, the air is cold and he starts to shiver. Carter gets a rope from his horse then grabbing Will by the arm drags him to a tree.

"Please don't, I won't try to escape, please don't tie me," Will begs.

"Shut up!" Carter shouts as he binds Will to the tree.

Will starts to sob, as Carter walks away and sets up a camp fire. Fortunately he sets it up fairly close to Will and before long it's burning strong. He can feel the heat from it as it starts to roar. Carter sits down to makes something to eat and Will hopes that Carter will do something for him. But it soon becomes apparent he isn't as he sits down to eat just one plate. 

Will's stomach growls with hunger, "Please may I have some?"

Carter looks at him and grunts, he gets up and feeds him what's left on his plate. Once the plate is empty he flings it on the ground. He stands back and looks at Will naked and vulnerable. He reaches out a begins to stroke the boy's body. Will whimpers. He begins playing with Wills nipple and Will closes his eyes. This time yesterday he would have welcomed Carters advances but now it's upsetting him.

"Please don't do that, please stop," Will Begs.

"You're a fag boy, fag boys like men playing with them," Carter grunts. Despite his best efforts he can't stop his cock from swelling. "See, I told you," Carter says slapping the growing member.

Carter grabs his cock and plays with the cock head, Will pushes his head back against the tree trunk. Phabian has a much nicer touch and he wishes he was here now, he would help him. Soon Will is fully erect.

"Oh yes, look at that big fucking faggot cock, you like this don't you fag boy, you like me making you hard," Carters voice has changed and sounds full of lust.

"Please stop, please don't do this." Will begs.

"I'm gonna make your big faggot cock cum, I'm gonna make it shoot everywhere. You'd like that wouldn't you, you'd like me to make you shoot your faggot load."

"No please, I don't, please stop."

"YOU FUCKING LIAR!" Carter shouts. He stands up and begins to lay into Will like a punching bag, knocking all the wind out of him. He tries to scream but he can't get his breath and he starts to go light headed when suddenly the punching stops. He finally gets a lungful of air and screams, his body now wracked with pain. As he draws another lungful of air he open's his eyes and standing in front of him is Phabian.

Carter finds himself several feet from Will, and on his ass, his head hurts where someone had grabbed his hair and flung him backwards. He looks up to see a huge man standing in front of Will. Rage takes him over at this invasion and pulling out his knife he runs for his attacker.

Phabian had seen the camp fire from a distance and dismounting approached quietly. What he saw shocked him yet elated him, as there was Will, bound to a tree naked, it was obvious he'd been kidnapped. For a fleeting moment Phabian was delighted that Will hadn't deserted him, that he hadn't lied about his feelings. But that was quickly replace with rage when he saw what Carter was doing to Will.

Phabian crept close without being detected and grabbing Carter by the hair, flings him out of the way. He looks at Will, his boy, his love, in pain. He turns to deal with Carter when he sees him lunge at him with a knife. Phabian's years of training and battle experience kicks in and he dodges Carter's attack, but Carter has too much momentum and can't stop and he crashes into Will. He backs away ready to try his attack again when he notices blood on the knife. He looks at Will and see's a knife wound in his stomach and blood is pouring out.

Phabian sees it too, "NOOOOOO!" he cries, and in a fit of rage promptly picks Carter up, and lifts him above his head like he's nothing more than a rag doll. He walks to ledge of the ravine. Carter struggles screaming to be put down as he knows what Phabian is about to do. With one big heave he tosses Carter over the edge. Carter sees the mountain flying past when suddenly there's a thud and everything goes black.

Phabian rushes back to Will.

"I'm sorry!" Will cries, "I tried to get away, but he kidnapped me"

"Don't talk," Phabian says as he quickly unties him

He gets some cloth from his horse and he puts together a makeshift bandage, Tears are in his eyes as he lifts Will onto his horse.

Will is feeling light headed, "I love you," he says to Phabian, tears streaming down his face as Phabian mounts his horse behind him.

Phabian wraps his big arms round him, "I love you too," but Will doesn't hear him, he's slipped into unconsciousness.

Phabian needs help fast, he's going to lose Will if he can't get him to a doctor. He can't go back to Hobleton, Soltan would have him executed for desertion, the only way is south. He's heard rumours about Aljeron being a sorcerer, maybe he could help, it's the only chance he has of saving Will.

The trail is difficult enough during the day but at night it's treacherous and the going is slow. It takes all of his concentration to keep them from slipping over the edge and into the ravines below. 

It's almost dawn as he finally makes it through the pass but he's exhausted, his horse is too and it looses it's footing causing it to stumble. Phabian falls from his mount and as he lands his head hits a rock and knocks him out. Will falls too, landing next to Phabian. The fall fetches him out of unconsciousness and he sees Phabian lying very still next to him. He grabs his arm and tries to shake him, he's weak and can't shake him very hard.

"Phabian wake up," he shakes harder, "please wake up." He starts to think that Phabian is dead and tears fill his eyes. "PHABIAN WAKE UP!" he is sobbing now, believing his first true love has been taken from him. With what little strength he has, he climbs up and lies face down on top of Phabian. If he's going to die he will do so with the one he loves, he closes his eyes and drifts back into unconsciousness.

* * *

Vernon is the first to wake, he is lying next to Bain his front against Bain's back, his arms wrapped around him. Against Bain is Rafael in the same position. He has finally come to terms with his feelings for Bain and his own sexuality. His love for his son is definitely more than platonic, it's much deeper and as he watches him sleeping his heart is filled with joy at having him in his life. He pulls the blanket back to see Bain's naked body. The cool air of the cavern wakes Bain and he rolls on his back.

"Hey, how you doing?" Vernon asks.

"Sleepy," Bain says stretching.

Vernon notices his sons erection, "Ooh, how about I take care of this for you?" And without any reservations takes hold of Bain's cock and slowly wanks him.

"Oh that feels nice," Bain groans.

Vernon leans closer and they kiss, their tongues explore each others mouths.

"Oh father, I've dreamt of this for such a long time," Bain say's as they break for air.

"I think I have too, I guess I was just repressing my feelings for you," Vernon replies still stroking his boy's cock. "You know I love seeing you cum, you cum so much, it really turns me on."

"I love it when you make me cum father, I get so hard just from looking at you." Vernon smiles and slowly brings his boy closer to an orgasm. After several minutes Bain can feel it building in his groin.

"I'm going to cum," he says.

Vernon slows his pace,

"Please father, faster," Bain complains.

"No Bain, I want you to really enjoy this orgasm," Vernon replies.

Bain starts whimpering, "Oh father please, I want to cum so bad."

"You will son, it's better like this," Vernon replies, he's applying a technique he discovered on himself a while back, stroking your cock slowly builds the orgasm up slower and makes it much more intense when it happens.

"Urrrghhhh! Fuck! Father! Pleeaaaase!" Bain cries.

Vernon seems to slow even more as he see's Bains testicles withdraw into his body, a sure sign that he is about to cum.

"Urrrrggghhhh! Fuck! I'm cuuummming!" he tries to whisper.

Suddenly his cock twitches and a bolt of cum fires out and goes clean over his head. Bain is almost crying with the intensity of his orgasm, he never realised you could get such an incredible orgasm from just a hand job. His cock keeps on pumping out, his boy juices landing on his face and body. Vernon holds his cock still and marvels at his boys orgasm, it's truly wonderful. Soon Bain's orgasm subsides and Vernon starts stroking his cock again. Bain starts to wince and giggle as his cock is now very sensitive.

"Arrgh fuck! Stop! Stop! Stop! Arrgh hahahaha."

Vernon laughs as his boy wriggles trying to stop his father. 

"Come on we need to get going," he says letting go of Bain's cock.

"What about you?" Bain says grabbing his fathers erection.

"That can wait," he replies, then leans over and kisses him.

Bain get's up and washes himself down in the lake while Vernon wakes the others.

Soon everyone is up and they are making their way through the mountain. It's hard going with ledges, ravines, steep inclines and lakes to make their way through. After several hours they reach an opening and they feel the sunlight again. It's morning and the sun hasn't been up long.

"Wow! Look at that!" Bain says.

They are looking out on a vast plain. In the distance is Barthem city and at it's centre is a huge castle with many spires. The roof is covered in gold and sparkles in the sunlight. On the other side of the city is an ocean.

"Is that Aljeron's palace?" Vernon asks Rafael, Rafael nods.

"Father look!" Bain shouts pointing down the slope.

Vernon can see a saddled horse grazing, and next to it two bodies, one lying on top of the other. They quickly all rush down and as they approach they can see it's a large man on his back dressed as one of Soltan's soldiers. On top is a naked boy with a very bloody bandage wrapped round him. Vernon checks their pulse.

"They're still alive," he says.

"That's Phabian, Soltan's general," Kalen says, "he let us go back at the fort. I don't know who the other one is."

"He looks like he's lost a lot of blood," Vernon says.

Rafael pulls on the boy to get him off Phabian, Bain helps him.

"Can you help him?" Vernon asks Rafael, he nods.

They lay the boy out and Rafael positions himself at Will's head, then laying his cock on his face, places his hands either side of this head. Phabian begins to stir.

"Hey you ok?" Vernon asks.

"Ow my head," he says sitting up and rubbing it.

He looks round and see's Vernon and several boys, he recognises Kalen and Pellon. He then sees Rafael with Will and suddenly panics.

"HEY GET AWAY FROM HIM!" he shouts and runs over to them.

"NO WAIT!" Vernon shouts but Phabian reaches Rafael and grabs his arm to pull him off.

Rafael's eyes shoot open and gives Phabian a deep angry stare. Phabian suddenly finds himself hurling backwards and landing on his ass. Not perturbed by this he quickly gets up and is about to try again when vernon blocks his path.

"Get out my way!" Phabian shouts.

"No, he's healing him!" Vernon shouts back.

Phabian stops and looks over. Small sparks of electricity are emanating from Rafael's fingers, his cock is fully erect and so is Will's. Vernon notices that the healing seems to be taking longer but the bruises on Will's body are slowly fading. 

Everyone looks at Will's huge cock in awe.

"Wow he's bigger than me!" Bain says.

Suddenly Rafael's and Will's cock erupt and the boy's body gets covered in cum.

"Oh my!" Phabian says suddenly getting hard at the site of his boy ejaculating.

"As soon as the orgasm has ended Rafael collapses on the ground. Phabian rushes over and quickly removes the bandage, the wound is gone, he gasps, relief washes over him and he suddenly finds himself crying. Vernon comes up beside him.

"Are you ok?" he asks.

Phabian is highly embarrassed at crying in front of these people, "I thought I'd lost him," he replies. He picks up Will and cradles him, "he's still unconscious."

"Yeah he will be for a while but he will wake up," Vernon informs him.

Phabian looks over at Rafael on the ground, "Is that Aljeron's son?" Vernon nods, "I owe him so much."

"I hear that you allowed them to escape back at the fort, I guess he was just returning the favour," Vernon says.

"You know Soltan is searching for you, and my men are probably not far behind."

"Yes I know," Vernon replies.

"Take my horse, you can get there quicker that way."

Vernon looks round at everyone, "But I can't leave everyone behind."

"Go father, we'll catch up," Bain says.

"No Bain, I can't leave you at the mercy of Soltan."

"I'll protect them the best I can," says Phabian.

"Please father, if Rafael doesn't make it we'll all be at the mercy of Soltan."

Vernon knows his son is right and if Soltan does claim the kingdom he would surely take his revenge on them all.

"Ok, Please take care of my son," Vernon says to Phabian, "he's all I have."

"I'll do my very best," Phabian replies.

Vernon and Bain lifts Rafael up onto the horse and Vernon mounts behind him.

"Hurry father," Bain smacks the rump of the horse hard and Vernon takes off in a gallop.

"Come on, we'd better get going too," Phabian say's putting Will over his shoulder as he stands.

Phabian now finds himself in charge of six boy's as they head towards the city.