 Thanks for all the comments. Please remember this is purely a fantasy story, I write about things that get me excited and I'm glad to see it excites my readers too.



***

Later that afternoon the sky had become overcast, Lucent was grateful for the change in the weather as his skin was starting to burn but that was the least of his problems. They had been traveling for several hours now, he was tired and very very saddle sore. 

Most of the morning the boy's caught up on sleep and Bain would take turns driving to let his father get some rest but now everyone was awake and in high spirits.

The door on the wagon is split and the boys had the top half open. They would tease Lucent from it, making faces, mooning him, even hanging their cocks out. At one point Bain and Kian pretended to fuck.

"What's it feel like to be fucked?" Kian asked when they finished pretending.

"Wonderful," Bain replied.

"I'd like to try it sometime," Kian says.

Rafael puts his arms round Kian and kisses him tenderly, Bain smiles and says "I think Raf want's first dibs. Ooh look the cheat's got a boner." All the boys laugh and Lucent curses them through his gag. The major problem that Lucent has is that he needs to pee badly and he can't hold it in any longer, he lets go and a stream of piss flows like a fountain out of his little hard cock.

"EEWWW!" The boys shout simultaneously then roll around the wagon is fits of hysterical laughter.

"Bain can you come up front," Vernon requests.

Bain climbs through the opening in the front of the wagon and sits next to his father still laughing hard.

"What's so funny?" Vernon asks.

"The cheat just pissed himself," Bain laughs, he then looks up, "Woah! What a view!"

They had finally come to the edge of the forest and are now looking out over a vast plain. Right in the middle is a large city, Bain guesses correctly that it's Holberton. To the west is a large river and directly south is a large mountain range.

"Look over there, that must be the fort where they're holding Kalen," Vernon says pointing to a small castle on the east bank of the river.

"What's your plan?" Bain asks.

"Plan? You think I have a plan?"

"Well yeah, I sorta did," Bain replies.

Vernon snorts, "I kinda do actually."

"Oh cool! What is it?"

"Give Raf and Kian a shout, they need to hear it too."

Bain calls the boys to the opening.

"Well firstly we need to lose this wagon our passenger and the horses. We'll lock Lucent in his own trap and hide the wagon and horses outside the city, there's enough food and water for him to survive a couple of weeks should no one find him. Kian can you look in the back and see if you can find tunics with hoods? Oh and get me some water."

Kian disappears then almost immediately comes back and hands Vernon a small jug of water, "There's several," he says.

"Good, we're going to need to blend in," Vernon says. He looks up at the sky, "it looks like rain,

Vernon takes a sips his water.

"Rafael, can you wear some clothes just this once?" He asks.

Rafael shakes his head.

"But we need you to blend in," Vernon explains.

Rafael taps Vernon's shoulder then vanishes. Vernon then flings the water to where Rafael was. Suddenly they are able to see Rafael's face, it looks like glass because of the water, and he looks in shock.

"We can see you now," Vernon says, the other boys laugh and Rafael reappears looking annoyed. "It's going to rain, you will stick out like a sore thumb."

"Fathers right," Bain says.

"So will you wear some clothes please?" Vernon asks again.

Rafael hangs his head and nods.

The wagon lurches as it hits a rock, Bain almost falls off and they could hear a chinking sound.

"Sorry, didn't see that rock," Vernon apologises.

"What was that noise?" Bain asks, "sounded like it came from under our seat."

Bain looks under the bench seat and discovers a panel that has become loose, he pulls on it and it comes away. Behind it is a chest, he hauls it out and opens it.

"Oh wow! Money!" he shouts.

Vernon looks down and sees the chest is indeed filled with coins.

"Excellent, that's perfect!" Vernon says, "We need a room for the night and I was wondering how we was going to pay for it, now we know,"

Bain starts to dig out the coins and fill his pockets.

"No, only take as much as need. I know he tried to turn us in but we're not thieves," Vernon says.

Reluctantly Bain has to agree so he takes what they figure to be a fair amount to pay for a room and a little extra to be sure.

"What about Kian's brother?" Bain asks.

"I need to take a look at the fort before I can think about that," Vernon replies.

Bain looks at the city sprawled out ahead of them, feeling apprehensive he grabs his fathers hand.

* * *

Lucent is watching from behind the bars of his wagon as four hooded figures walk away.

"You'll regret this!" he shouts, "I have powerful friends." 

He doesn't but to him it sounded convincing, his words however falling on deaf ears.

Vernon and the boys enter the city as it starts to rain. Rafael is constantly pulling at his tunic, he is obviously very uncomfortable with it.

The buildings are tightly packed together either side of the main street and consist of various shops from haberdasheries to cobblers. There are also narrow alleyways every so often on either side that no doubt lead to back entrances. People are starting to rush trying to avoid the rain and soon the street slowly empties. 

"We need to find a room," Vernon says.

"I'll ask him," Bain says spying a boy standing in a doorway sheltering from the rain. He looks to be around 16 and dressed in just a smock, his feet bare and looks as though he hasn't had a proper meal in days being very skinny.

"Excuse me," Bain says walking up to him.

"You fancy some of this Mr?" the boy says lifting up his smock to reveal his naked lower half.

Bain is shocked at what the boy is doing but he can't help notice he has a very respectable 6 inches soft.

"Er no, we just want.."

"My ass? I have a nice ass, I'm still pretty tight," the boy says spinning round, bending forward and lifting his smock to reveal his smooth rosebud. "We did you say? You and your friends wanna fuck me? Cost u a little extra though."

Bain is speechless, he also finds he can't take his eyes off the young boys ass.

Vernon is puzzled why a boy is showing Bain his naked ass, "Bain?"

Bain snaps out of it, "We just want to find a room for the night."

"Oh well if you want me all night that'll cost a lot extra," The boy says standing up.

"No we don't want you at all, we just need a room," Ben says feeling a little frustrated.

"Oh," the boy says hanging his head.

"Aw crap! Look I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that, you're cute and if you were older I would but we only want to find the nearest Inn," Bain Explains.

"Turn right at the fountain, there's one just down there," 

"Thank you," Bain says turning round to leave.

The boys sinks to the ground huddling up in the doorway, his smock rides up and reveals his cock and puckered little hole. Bain looks back at him and suddenly feels sympathy for him. He walks back up to him. The boy looks up with hope in his eye.

"You changed your mind mister?"

Bain stoops down, "What's your name?"

"Pellon" he replies.

"And how old are you?"

"19."

"Really? You know you look so much younger," Pellon doesn't tire of hearing this and is quite a bonus as a prostitute, he is able to pick up guy's quite easily because he looks so young, however the last week has been unusually quiet. "When was the last time you ate anything?"

"Three days ago," the boy replies.

"Here get yourself a square meal," Bain says handing him a coin.

"Oh wow, thanks mister," the boy says his eyes lighting up, "anytime you want a blow job mister, it's on the house, I'm really good."

Bain ruffles his hair, "I bet you are." Even though the boy is older than him he still sees him as much younger, pretty much as he does with Kian too.

"Sorry father I couldn't let him starve," Bain says approaching the others. 

Vernon lifts his had hand touches his sons cheek, "I wouldn't have you any other way."

They find the fountain and make a right turn, just then the rain suddenly becomes a torrent.

"Fuck! Look there's the inn," Bain shouts and they run to escape the sudden downpour.

As the enter the building they are completely drenched, their feet covered in mud. They look around and see it's fairly busy, people sitting at tables around the place and at the bar at the far end of the room. To the right is a staircase with a sign saying "Rooms" and the wooden floor is covered in sawdust.

Vernon approaches the bar and sees a short squat man cleaning jugs behind it.

"Excuse me sir, but we are looking for a couple of rooms for the night," he says.

"You're out of luck, we only got the one," the man replies.

"Oh, I guess we'll have to look somewhere else," Vernon says disappointed and turns to walk away.

"You'll be lucky, you picked the wrong week."

"The wrong week?" Vernon asks turning back.

"Yeah, it's gala week, all the other places will be fully booked. The only reason we have a room free is cause the guy who had it before upped and died just 10 minutes ago."

"What did he die of?"

"Dunno, just having a drink he was, then keeled over."

Vernon shivers, vowing to not try any of the grog in this place.

"We'll take the room then," Vernon says.

The barman stoops behind the bar and slams a key on the counter, "That's 10 coins."

Vernon pays him and takes the key.

"Second door on the right at the top of the stairs," the barman says nodding in the direction of the staircase.

The all head upstairs and open the door to the room. It's small with a double bed under the window, there's barely enough room to walk round the bed. Next to the door is a small table with a bowl and pitcher on it.

"I guess we'll be bunking up together." Vernon says.

Rafael pushes his way inside and immediately discards his tunic scratching his now naked skin.

"I guess we should get out of these wet clothes before we catch our death," Vernon says and before he finishes speaking Bain and Kian are completely naked.

As Vernon discards his tunic all three boys jump on the bed and Bain opens the window. It's still raining hard and now it's getting dark. Vernon now naked climbs on the bed with the boys, it quickly becomes apparent that the bed just isn't big enough.

"How we going to do this?" Bain asks.

"Top and tail?" Kian suggests.

They try it, Kian and Rafael at the bottom with Vernon and Bain at the top but Bain finds himself falling of the edge.

"That ain't working," Bain says placing his hand on the wall to stop himself from falling off, "Perhaps we could lie on top of each other?"

Rafael claps his hands and pushes Bain back and lies on top of him. Bain looks up at the boy smiling at him their noses almost touching. 

Vernon lies back and Kian climbs on top of him, he likes this, he can feel his heartbeat, he places his head against Vernon's chest and listens to it's thump, the warmth of his body feels nice agains his naked skin, the soft hairs on his chest soft on his cheek.

Vernon swallows, "I suppose we don't have much choice," he says remembering how Kian's naked butt caused him to blow his load earlier that day. He hopes that won't happen again during the night, but deep down really want's it to.

"Are we going to be able to sleep like this?" Bain asks.

"I'm not tired," Kian says.

"Neither am I," says Bain.

Rafael knows exactly what he wants to do and he starts to tenderly kiss Bain. 

Bain's cock immediately starts to swell and Rafael can feel it climbing up the inside of his thigh so he grinds his groin into him. Soon his cock is fully erect and sticking up between Rafaels legs, resting on the crack of his ass, the head clearly visible to Vernon and Kian. 

Kian watches Rafael slowly seduce Bain, he wants to do the same to Vernon but is still very shy about making the first move, his heart is thumping hard and he's sure that Vernon can feel it. He very gently starts rubbing his fingers through Vernon's chest hairs hoping that will start something.

Vernon too is watching Rafael seduce his son and the sight of that magnificent cock protruding between Rafael's ass cheeks causes his own cock to become engorged. Kian then softly starts playing with Vernon's nipple, rubbing his fingers round it and gently squeezing. Vernon groans, the boys touch is heaven, he strokes the boys hair with one hand and his back with the other. Vernon's cock steadily rises and soon Kian can feel it between his legs prodding at his ass crack, he smiles and slowly rocks himself causing Vernon's cock to slip up and down the crack.

Vernon groans and thinks, ' here we go again.'

Rafael gets up and turns round on Bain devouring his cock, Bain throws his head back as Rafael's lips slip down the giant tool. Bain lifts his head back up and Rafael's anus is right in front of him, he knows what he want's to do remembering how wonderful it felt when Rafael did it to him the day before. He sticks out his tongue and starts licking Rafael's bud, he was expecting it to taste nasty but it doesn't and he finds licking Rafael's hole extremely erotic, for some reason it's making him even more hard.

Kian sees this and lifts his head up, "Oh! What's that feel like?"

Vernon loses all resolve not to give in to his lust, "Would you like to find out?" He suggests.

Kian looks at him, smiles and nods enthusiastically and before Vernon realises Kian has turned round and is staring at his tight virgin hole. Kian is delighted at Vernon's erection right in front of his face so he stands it up and slips his lips over it. Vernon gasps at the sensation of Kian's mouth slipping down his aching rod, he doesn't go very deep but it still feels incredible. Vernon looks at the boy's ass, his smooth cheeks, his firm testicles squashed against Vernon's chest, that smooth perineum that leads to his virgin hole that's winking at Vernon inviting him. He lifts his head and sticking out his tongue gently licks the boys little rose bud.

"Oh! Wow! Urrrrghhh! That's amazing!" Kian gasps as he pulls off Vernon's cock.

As Vernon flicks his tongue around Kian's little virgin bud the boy buries his head in Vernon's groin and groans, "Urrrrghhh, ooooohhh, urrrghhh", never in his wildest dreams did he ever think that the anus could be so erotic. Vernon Is loving it too and he is groaning too as he licks away.

Bain looks over and sees his father rimming Kian, he is mesmerised by Vernon's tongue dancing over the boys little hole. He looks at Kian and he has a look of pure ecstasy on it.

Kian notices what Rafael is doing and his eyes nearly pop out of his head, Rafael is swallowing the whole length of Bain's 10" monster. He watches closely as he opens his throat so he can get it all in. Vernon's cock is not as big as Bain's but he hasn't really tried to get it all in yet so he decides to try, he opens his mouth and goes as deep as he can, when it reaches the back of his mouth he gags, 'this isn't as easy as it looks' he thinks pulling off Vernons cock. Just then Vernon buries his tongue deep in Kian's hole.

"UUURRGGHH FUCK!" he shouts, "Oh do it again please."

Vernon complies causing Kian to yelp again, he is in ecstasy and doesn't think anything could actually be any better than this.

Rafael then turns round facing Bain, he stands Bain's cock up and squats over it, well more like stand really as his cock is so big. Bain takes a deep breath as he realises he is about to fuck someone for the first time in his life. Kian is watching too having never seen any one fuck before.

Rafael lowers himself and Bain feels his sphincter slip over his cock head, it's tight and causes him to gasp at this amazing new sensation. Rafael too has a look of immense pleasure as he lowers himself down Bain's shaft. Bain groans out load as he feels his cock slide deep into Rafael's bowels, it feels every bit as good as getting deep throated. Soon Rafael's ass cheeks are touching Bain's groin, Kian and Bain are both stunned that the whole length of his cock is inside. Rafael then starts to fuck himself on Bain's cock, sliding up to the tip then back down to the base.

"Ohhhhh this is incredible!" Bain groans.

Vernon hears Bain's groans and breaks from licking Kian's hole to see his sons cock sliding deep into Rafael.

"Feel good son?" he asks Bain.

"Fucking yeah! It's awesome!"

Kian watches in awe and sees the ecstasy on Rafael's face then spinning round and straddling Vernon's stomach he says "I want to try it."

"What? You want me to fuck you?" Vernon asks.

"Yes please," Kian replies then immediately get's in the same position as Rafael, squatting over Vernon's groin.

Kian reaches down and stands up Vernon's cock pointing it at his virgin hole and is just about to descend on it.

"No wait, we're too dry," Vernon objects then spits in his hand and rubs it over his cock, he does this several more time until his cock is really slippery.

"Ok," he says, "try now."

Kian lowers himself on to Vernon's cock, he can feel it pressing against his ring piece but it's not going in, he tries harder but it's still not giving.

"Relax, you're too tense," Vernon says.

Kian tries to relax and suddenly the head of Vernon's cock slips in.

"ARRRGHH! FUCK! IT HURTS!" Kian cries out as the pain hits him.

"Stay with it Kian, the pain will go, trust me," Bain encourages.

Kian holds there for a while and the pain does indeed subside, Kian can now feel the head of Vernon's cock in his ass, it feels strange, not necessarily nice but as though it doesn't belong there. Not being perturbed by the odd feeling he lowers himself wanting to feel the cock all the way in. As he slips lower Vernon's cock rubs against is prostrate and he let's out a yelp.

"Oh wow! What was that!" he shouts.

He lifts off and lowers himself again wanting to repeat the sensation, Vernon's cock rubs his prostrate for a second time.

"Urrrghh! That feels fucking amazing!" he shouts.

Soon he his is pumping up and down on Vernon's cock like a boy possessed, it slamming into his prostrate.

"URRGH! URRGH! FUCK YEAH! URGGH!" he grunts.

Vernon is close, the boy's tight ass is clamping hard around his cock and the sight of his cock sliding in is blowing his mind. Kian's cock fully erect is bouncing around as he fucks himself so Vernon grabs is at strokes it. Kian can feel his orgasm racing towards him, he is pounding on Vernons' cock frantically now as he slips over the edge.

"URRGH! URRGH! FUCK! YEAH! URRGH! I'M GONNA CUM! UURRGHH! URRRGGGHH! FUUUCKK! UUUURRRRGGHHH! UUUUUURRRRRRGGGGGHHH! FUUUUUUCCCCKKKK! I'M CUUUUMMMMMMINNNNGGG!" he shouts as he slams himself down on Vernon's cock one last time, his cock erupts sending a bolt of cum clean over Vernon's head. Again and again his cum flies through the air, this time hitting Vernon in the face and on his chest, Kian can't believe the intensity of his orgasm, the sensation of Kian's cock pulsating around Vernon's cock and him cumming all over him sends Vernon over the edge.

"ARRGH FUCK! KIAN I'M GOING TO CUM, FUCK! I CAN'T HOLD IT! UUUURRRGGGH!" and his cock explodes deep in Kians bowels,

Bain was entranced by the sight of his fathers cock slipping deep into Kian's ass but when he saw Kian shoot and his father cum inside the boy it sends him over the edge.

"ARRRGHHH! FUCK! I'M CUUUUMMMMINNNNGG!" he shouts and blasts his cum deep inside Rafael.

Rafael slams down hard on Bain and his own cock suddenly erupts hitting Bain squarely in his open mouth. As Bain is delivering his load he is being covered in cum from Rafael, it is smothering his face and chest, he keeps his mouth open catching some there, hoping for more. Soon both the boys are spent and Bain swallow's what he has in his mouth and then licks his lips.
