 On the other side of town Sheriff Carter and Will have found the only other room available. They are soaked through to the skin after spending a couple of hours going from inn to inn. Again the room only has one double bed, Carter looks at it and sighs.

"Well looks like we'll be bunking up together then," he says to Will.

"Yes sir," Will replies, not at all dissatisfied with the situation, he gets to share a bed with Sheriff Carter, something he's dreamed about doing for such a long time.

"You'd better get out of those wet clothes too, don't want you catching your death," Carter tells him.

Will's heart jumps in his mouth, he's going to share the bed naked, he's really nervous now and slowly begins to undress. He watches Carter start to strip but being shy and not wanting to piss Carter off by staring at him he turns away and strips. Soon he is completely naked and his cock is starting to swell.

"I didn't mean get completely naked!" Carter says. Will turns his head to look at him, "Don't you have any shorts?" Will shakes his head. "Alright then, get in bed," Carter says rolling his eyes.

Will deftly slips under the covers careful not to show his growing erection. He looks at Carter naked apart from a pair of shorts, the man is gorgeous beyond belief, his pecs are solid and well built, his abs show off an amazing six pack, his legs are thick like tree trunks. Will's heart races as this adonis of a man climbs in to the bed next to him, he closes his eyes and wishes for body contact but it doesn't happen, instead Carter turns his back to him and drifts off to sleep.

Will can't sleep, he's lying there with a raging hard on next to the man he loves, he so wants to wrap his arms around him and hug the man but he won't, he's too scared, scared that Carter will reject him, even hurt him in anger. He want's to relieve himself too but he daren't for fear of waking Carter, so he just lies there, still this is much closer to Carter he even imagined he would get.

After what seems like hours but in fact was only 20 minutes, Carter turns over so he is facing Will but as he does so his hand lands on Wills erect cock, he almost jumps out of his skin. The boy looks at him, he seems to be asleep, his eyes are closed and his breathing deep and slow. Will is in turmoil, he doesn't know what to do, Carters hand on his cock feels wonderful and he is definitely enjoying the sensation, he just lies there and closes his eyes hoping this will never end.

Carter then wraps his fingers round Will's huge cock and squeezes, Will almost cries out with pure pleasure, for the first time in his life someone else is touching his cock and it feels amazing, he's sure Carter must be awake, he looks at him again but his eyes are still closed and his breathing deep. Carters fingers then start to gently massage Will's cock, Will pushes his head back in the pillow, he can't believe what his happening, he looks at Carter again, still sleeping, 'is he really doing this in his sleep.' he thinks. Will feels an orgasm building, he doesn't want it to end he groans without realising. Carter suddenly opens his eyes.

"What the fuck!" he shouts "You dirty little faggot!" and with amazing strength and dexterity he hoists Will out of the bed and pins him against the wall by his neck. "You take advantage of me while I'm sleeping?"

Will is scared, "N-n-n-no I-I-I d-d I didn't, honest." Will grabs the arm that is round his neck with both of his hands and tries to get Carter to release his grip but he is way to strong.

"So how do you explain my hand on your cock if you didn't put it there?" he says menacingly.

"Y-y-you did it in your sleep," Will whimpers.

"Really? So why didn't you stop me?"

Will can't answer, he can't admit to Carter that he didn't want to stop him.

"I'll tell you why, it's because you enjoyed it didn't you? You're nothing but a little fag boy aren't you?"

"P-p-p-please sir, you're hurting me," Will complains.

"Look your still hard," and slaps it with his other hand, Will winces. "Yeah look how hard your big cock is, you like me doing that don't you faggot boy!"

"Please stop sir," Will begs, he's really scared but incredibly turned on, he knows if Carter keeps doing that he'll probably shoot his load.

"Yes look at this big hard cock, I bet you want me to make you cum don't you faggot," he says.

Wills mind is screaming yes, he so does want Carter to make him cum, "Please sir."

Carter grabs his cock and starts to slowly wank him, Will can't help but let out a groan. He can't believe what is happening, it's not how he imagined it to be but Carter is wanking his cock.

"Oh yes boy, you like me stroking your huge fag cock don't you,"

Will doesn't know what to say, he does like it, a lot.

"Yes, I bet you would like me to make your big hard cock shoot wouldn't you?" Will squeaks out a yes, "Yes I know you do, you fucking whore, Oooh look at that massive fucking cock, I'm gonna make it cum everywhere."

Will is unsure but Carter seems to be enjoying it too, he wishes he could see carters body, he wants to see if he is hard. For the first time in his life someone is wanking him off, Carter's hand sliding over his cock feels wonderful and the beginning of his orgasm starts to build.

"Oh Sir, Please, I'm going to cum," he says.

"Ooh yes you little fucking faggot, shoot that load out that big fucking cock!"

"UURRRRRGHHH! SIIIIRRR! I'M CUUUUMMMMINNNNGG!" and Will's cock erupts a massive bolt of cum that hits Carter in the face.

"Oh fuck yeah! Shoot that load you little fucking whore!"

Will can't believe the intensity of his orgasm, it's mind blowing, he's almost screaming as his cock spews cum over Carter. Carter isn't phased at all by this and keeps wanking Will's spurting cock, milking every drop he can out of hit.

"Look what you did you dirty fucking faggot, I'm covered in your cum! Get down here and clean it off!" he lets go of Wills neck but grabs him by the hair then roughly pulls his face into his chest. Will can feel his cum smear over his face as Carter rub his head into his chest.

"Lick it off! Clean up this mess you made!" he orders.

Will is a bit repulsed at the cum over his face at first but the fact he is touching Carters bare chest makes it bearable, he reluctantly sticks out his tongue, he has never tasted cum before but is mildly surprised how nice it is and soon he is is licking for all is worth.

"That's it you fucking cum slut, lick off all that cum."

Carter guides his head round his chest stopping at length on his nipples.

"Yes make sure those nipples are really clean, fuck yeah! That's it get them really clean." Carter is panting now and he seems to be really enjoying it. "Yeah keep licking those nipples, fuck, yeah, bite them, go on you slut bite my nipples." Will is surprised by this request but complies, Carter's nipples are erect and Will finds it easy to get them between his teeth, he gently bites it. "Harder!" Carter shouts. Will does so, "Harder!" Carter shouts again. Will bites much harder, "Urrgh! Fuck! Yeah! Bite those fucking nipples you fucking slag!"

Carter then pushes Will's head down to his groin, Will gasps as he knows what he is about to be asked to do, his heart feels like it's going to break out of his chest it's beating that hard.

"Yes you fucking fag, that's what you want isn't it, you want to suck my hard cock don't you?"

Will moans, Carters musty manly smell is filling his nostrils, Carter pushes his face onto his cock and Will clamps on it with his mouth through the material of the shorts.

"Oh yes you really want my cock don't you fag boy! I've seen you looking at me, I know you jack off thinking about me, well now you're getting it! Well go on then suck my cock, let's see what a good little cock sucker you really are!"

Will doesn't need telling twice, he grabs the waist of Carters shorts and yanks them down, Carters thick 7" cock springs free and slaps him in the face. Carter lets go of Will and now of his own free will he opens his mouth and sucks on cock for the first time in his life.

"Oh fuck! Oh yeah, you're a real good cock sucking faggot, yeah suck on my hard fucking cock!"

All this dirty talk is a real turn on for Will and his cock is still rock hard so he start's playing with it as he sucks on Carter's cock. Carter grabs his head again and forces him deeper on it, Will gags.

"Take it all faggot, come on I know you can do it."

Carter forces it deep again causing Will to gag again, tears are forming in his eyes. He tries to protest but Carter is not letting up. Will tries opening his throat and swallowing as he is pushed deep onto the cocck and sure enough it slips into his throat.

"OH FUCK! YEAH! OH WOW! That feels amazing! You are such a good cock sucker! You little fucking whore!"

Carter fucks Will's mouth furiously now and Will is having trouble breathing. He tries to stop Carter by pushing him away but he is way to strong for him, it feels like he's going to pass out. Suddenly Carter grabs Will under the arms and throws him on the bed, his head hanging over the side. He then feeds his cock back in Will's mouth and begins to fuck him.

"Oh yes, you fucking whore, you love it don't you! Let me see your big fucking cock!"

Carter grabs Wills cock and leans forward, Will can suddenly feel something warm cover the end of his cock and realises that Carter is giving him a blow job, he moans in ecstasy.

"Yes moan like the fucking whore you are!" Carter says pulling off momentarily.

Even though he imagined it to be much different Will is still enjoying having his cock sucked while sucking on Carter's cock. After about 10 minutes Carter pulls away and flips Will over so he is lying flat on the bed, he then lifts him up by the hips and his ass is now in the air. Will knows what is coming.

"Yeah I'm going to fuck you little faggot ass boy, you'd like that wouldn't you, me fucking your fag ass hard?"

Will get's up, "please, I haven't.."

Carter slaps him hard across the head, "Get back down where you belong fag!" and pushes him back down on the bed, Will closes his eyes waiting for the inevitable.

Carter spits on his cock and lubes it up then slowly eases it into Will's virgin hole.

"ARRGH! IT HURTS! STOP! STOP!"

"Stop your fucking whining fag, and take it like a good little whore!"

Carter begins fucking Will not hard to start with but slowly, Will cries out with the pain, "Please it hurts! Please stop!"

Carter ignores him and continues to fuck the virgin ass

Will sobs into the bedclothes from the pain, this isn't what he wanted, he thought it would be lots of kissing, caressing, gentle fucking, not this. 

To Will's surprise the pain slowly subsides and he starts to enjoy it, he can feel Carters cock rubbing against something inside him and it feels amazing. Carter is panting hard now and fucking Will quite aggressively. Will realises his cock is rock hard and grabbing it starts jerking, he can feel another orgasm building,

"Oh fuck! Oh yeah! I'm gonna cum in your slutty faggot ass."

"Oh yes Sir! Fuck me, cum inside me, Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum!" Will shouts. He's surprised at how he's talking now he never would have imagined ever being like that. His body tenses and he feels the orgasm wash over him as his cock explodes on the bed beneath him, his anus spasms and sends Carter over the edge and slamming into Will one last time he delivers his load deep in the boys guts. Finally spent Carter pulls out.

"Get up," he barks.

Will does so and Carter climbs under the covers turning his back to him. Will stands there bewildered then decides to climb in next to Carter.

"Thank you Sir," he says and puts his arm round him.

Suddenly Will feels a thump in his chest followed by intense pain, next he is flying out the bed and crashing to the floor, his spine hitting the wooden floor hard causing incredible pain. Then he is grabbed by the hair, hoisted up and slammed into the wall.

"How dare you touch me you worthless little faggot!" Carter shouts and starts thumping him in the stomach.

Will tries to scream but all the wind has been knocked out of him. Still holding his hair he drags him out of the room, down the stairs and flings him into the street landing in the mud.

"Find somewhere else to sleep you fucking queer!" Carter shouts and locks the door behind him.

Will is doubled up in pain, he catches his breath and let's out an almighty scream. He lies there for several minutes sobbing, the rain coming down hard on him. He is trying to understand what just happened, he can't, it's like Carter had a another side to him that no one knew existed.

Eventually he picks himself up and heads back to the door, he bangs on it hoping some one will come, no one does. The doorway offers little protection from the rain but he has no where else to go so huddles up naked, muddy and cold. His crying intensifies, he can't believe this is happening to him.

Just then several soldiers ride past splashing him with more muddy water, one of the riders stop and heads back to him. He pulls up next to him, the rider looks like a giant on his horse while Will is crouched in the doorway. 

Phabian is looking down on a cold scared young man. He remembers a time when was once shut out in the cold, no one to care for him, he feels for the boy. Phabian can feel his heart strings tugging as Will looks up at him with big sorrowful eyes, he's not handsome, not pretty but he is very cute.

Phabian dismounts and removes his outer coat then bending down he places it round Will's shoulders.

"Th-Th-Th-thankyou," Will sobs, grateful for the kindness.

"Why are you out here like this?" Phabian asks.

"I've been kicked out, and I can't get back in."

"You can't stay here, this freezing rain will kill you, you're coming with me." and before Will can say anything Phabian picks him up like a rag doll.

Will is placed on the horse and Phabian climbs up behind him, "You can stay with me tonight and we'll sort it out in the morning."

Will doesn't know what to say, he's intimidated by the big man yet the warmth from his body makes him feel safe. They ride off eventually arriving at the fort, Phabian dismounts and helps Will down.

"Follow me," Phabian says and Will does, the coat swamping him.

They walk inside the barracks and Phabian leads him to his room. Once in there he removes the jacket from the boy then picking a large linen cloth dries him off. Will is overwhelmed by this act of tenderness and from such a large powerful man, no one has ever shown him this much care before ever, not even his parents. Phabian notices bruises starting to form on his stomach.

"Who did this to you?" he asks.

Will flashes back to his beating, the man he loves after making beautiful love together just turned on him like he was a piece of shit. Will loses it and breaks down, Phabian wraps his big arms around the naked boy and holds him close to his chest. Will sobs into his hairy chest, he hasn't cried like this for such a long time.

Once his sobbing has stopped Phabian picks him up and lays him on the bed.

"Get some sleep, he says, I'll be on the floor next to you," Phabian doesn't want to push it with the boy even though the bed is big enough for both of them, he's still feeling a little fragile. Phabian also knows he's breaking every rule in the book by having the boy here but the boy needs his help, he is also hoping that the boy will like him and want to stay with him, he's fed up being alone.

He puts a blanket on the floor and lies down, he can hear the boy whimpering next to him, he rolls over and tries to sleep but he can't. Phabian feels a tugging at his arm, he looks round and sees Will sitting up looking at him.

"Sleep with me please?" Will asks.

Phabian smiles and gets up off the floor, he removes his clothes apart from his shorts and climbs in next to him. Will immediately wraps his arms around the big man. Phabian sighs, they both share an intimacy neither of them had for such a long time. Will soon falls asleep feeling warm and safe, Phabian drifts off feeling happy for once.

* * *

Carter sits on the bed his anger slowly abating, he can't understand why he is feeling like this. He wanted the sex, he enjoyed fucking Will and after he felt disgusted, he hated Will for what he stood for.

"Fuck!" he shouts, he looks out the window and realises he can't leave the boy out there so he puts on his shorts and goes down to the front door.

Will is nowhere to be seen, Carter starts to panic, he promised the boy's father he would look after him but instead he kicked him out in the rain naked and now he's gone. He heads back upstairs leaving the front door unlocked and lies on the bed, he hopes Will will turn up in the morning. That night he is unable to sleep.