 This is a fantasy story set in a fictitious land and in a time of medieval sorcery. All characters depicted are 18+. Although this story is in a time where safe sex is not heard of I would always recommend the practise of safe sex. 

CHAPTER 7 - Sanctuary

They ride hard for an hour, trying to get as much distance as possible between them and the soldiers. Bain is grateful for the clear night, the moon illuminating the track ahead. The trail is climbing now as they are heading up hill.

"Rafael! We need to stop!" Bain shouts.

Rafael pulls on the reigns stopping his horse, Bain canters up beside him.

"The horses are tired, it's not a good idea to push them any harder," Bain says, Rafael nods his head in agreement. "We need to find somewhere to rest, somewhere quiet."

Bain looks at his father, the cut's are deep, he's going to be scared for life if they heal.

"Father are you ok?" Bain asks. Vernon mumbles something indistinguishable. Bain places his hand on his forehead, it's hot.

"Crap I think he's getting a fever, we need to treat his wounds quickly," Bain says, Rafael nods in agreement.

"Where are we? How we going to find our way without the map?" He despairs.

Rafael reaches into the a satchel on his horse and pulls out the map.

"What! You rescued the map but not our clothes?"

Rafael just shrugs his shoulders.

"Typical!"

Bain looks around, everything is quiet, just the sound of a few night creatures in the trees. 

"I think we should probably get off the main trail," he says.

Rafael points to a small path leading off to the left.

The boy's dismount and lead the horses down it. Bain is struggling walking bare foot over the stones and shingle.

"Ow! Ah! Fuck! Ow!" he shouts as he dances along the path. Rafael has no such problem having spent all his life naked the souls of his feet are hard and he walks like he's walking on grass. Bain steps on a large sharp rock and loses his footing, he falls to the left of the path. The ground here slopes away and Bain finds himself tumbling down the slope through bramble, he cries out as the bramble scratches his skin. He hears a splash and he finds himself on his back in a small stagnant pool of water, it smells foul.

"Awww fuck!" he cries. He looks up and see's Rafael silently laughing holding is belly, "Hey it's not fucking funny," Bain say failing to see the humour in his predicament.

He clambers back up the bank and stands next to Rafael who quickly grabs his nose.

"Yeah I know it stinks."

They walk a little further and come across a shack nestled in among the trees, there is a light inside.

"Do you think they will help us?" Bain asks, Rafael shrugs his shoulders then grabs Bains arm pushing him toward the shack. "Ok, here goes."

They tie the horses and Bain knocks on the door. He hears hushed voices coming from within then some banging, suddenly the door opens and standing before him is a very old man. His face is wrinkled and weathered, his eyes have that look of someone that laughed a lot throughout his life burning it's imprint in the face. He beard is long and straggly and his hair white and thin. He wears a long robe that covers his haunched body down to the ground, in his hand he holds a crook to help him to walk.

The old mans eyes widen when he see's two beautiful young naked boy's standing before him.

"Oh my," he says, he thinks he just died and is in heaven.

"We need your help, my father is injured and we need to treat his wounds," 

The old man looks round the door and sees another naked body slumped on the back of the horse.

"Oh my goodness!" he says alarmed, "Bring him inside quick!"

The boy's help Vernon off the horse and with his arms over each of their shoulders the help him into the shack.

It's bigger than the shack Bain had grown up in but not much different inside. There are no beds in this room, it's furnished with two large chairs either side of the stone fireplace, a large table and a cooking area.

"Take him through there," the old man points to a door with his crook.

The boy's help Vernon into the other room, it's smaller than the last room and has a large double bed at it's centre. The boys place Vernon on the bed.

"What happened?" the old man asks.

"We was attacked."

"Who by?"

"Soldiers of Soltan."

The old man stiffens up.

"You can't stay here! Please leave," he shouts.

"Please sir, we have no-one else to turn to, we need to get to Aljeron," Bain begs.

"What's so important that you have to get to Aljeron?" the old man asks raising an eyebrow.

Bain hesitates, Rafael takes hold of Bain's hand and nods.

"Rafael here is Aljeron's son."

"Oh my!" The old man says.

"We have been charged with taking him to Aljeron, if he doesn't get there the whole kingdom will be claimed by Soltan." Bain explains.

"Oh my goodness," the old man pauses for a while. "No, I can't have Soltan's men snooping round here, it's too risky, please leave."

The boys hang their heads, "as you wish."

They help Vernon off the bed and start heading for the door when the rug below them starts moving, they look down and step back. Suddenly the rug flies up and a trap door opens, from it climbs a skinny young boy. He looks to be about 14, skinny, around 5'2" and is dressed in a sack cloth with rope tied around his waist, it stops just below his groin and Bain can just see the head of his cock hanging below. His hair is strawberry blond and his has the cutest face Bain has ever seen.

"No Gramps, we have to help them!" the boy shouts.

"Kian! I told you to stay down there no matter what!" the old man scolds him.

"But Gramps, they seem like good people," the boy turns round to look at them, noticing that they are naked he blushes a bright crimson. "Please Gramps, don't kick them out, it wouldn't be right."

"This is my grandson, he's the reason why I don't want Soltan's men anywhere near hear," the old man says.

"I don't understand," Bain says.

"Kian has a twin brother, Kalen. Two years ago he was kidnapped by Soltan's men and delivered to Soltan. Somehow Soltan learned about Kian and put a bounty on his head saying he wanted both boys. We've been hiding from him ever since."

"Where is Kalen now?" Bain asks.

"We're not sure but last we heard he'd be taken to Holberton, there's a fortress there and we believe he's in one of the dungeons," the old man says.

Bain looks at Rafael then back at the old man, "We're heading that way, I'm not sure how yet but if we can help we will."

"I told you they are good people," Kian says looking at his grandfather.

The old man takes a deep breath, "Ok, we'll help you but only if you help us."

"We'll do our best sir," Bain replies as they place Vernon back on the bed.

"Call me Theol," says the old man, "Kian go and hide their horses."

The boy rushes out the room and out the shack.

"What happened to his parents?" Bain asks.

"They was killed by Soltan's men 15 years ago, I've been bringing the boys up ever since."

"Wait 15 years ago, but Kian only looks about 14."

"He's 18, it runs in the family I guess, I'm 110 and actually his great grandfather."

"Wow! You look great, er I mean for your age," Bain says.

"Oh my what is he doing?" Theol asks. Rafael is now standing at the foot of the bed, Vernon is on his back with his head right by Rafael's groin. Rafael places his cock on Vernon's face then places his hands either side of Vernon's head.

"I'm not sure," Bain says.

Rafael closes his eyes and soon little sparks of electricity emanate from his fingers. Theol and Bain watch in amazement as Rafael's and Vernon's cock expands to full erection. Rafael's body stiffens and his cock seems to get even harder, his body starts shaking and becomes covered in sweat. Suddenly he lurches and his and Vernon's cock erupts, Rafael's cum showers down on Vernon after flying a good 3 feet in the air. 

"Oh my goodness! Never in all my years," Theol says.

Bain looks lustfully at both his father and Rafael cumming wishing he was on the receiving end. As Rafael's orgasm subsides he collapses on the floor, Bain rushes to him lifts him up and places him on the bed next to Vernon. He looks at his father and turns him on to his side to examine his wounds, they gone.

"I knew it!" Theol says, "that boy is enchanted!"

Bain looks at him,

"I had guessed that Aljeron was a sorcerer, he was reigning when I was a boy and for someone to live as old as he has he must be one," Theol reasons.

"He is and he's dying, we have to get Rafael to him so he can transfer his powers, Rafael will then be the new King."

"This is all a bit much for me, I must go and rest my bones, I will send Kian in with some hot water so you can get cleaned up," and with that he walks out the room.

Bain sits on the bed looking at his cum soaked father, he dips his finger in and tastes it, he really does like the taste of cum. He looks at the door and back at the cum, it really would be a shame to waste it by wiping it off so he bends down and starts licking, the taste is divine. Soon his is lapping like a thirst crazed dog, licking every square inch of his father's torso. Eventually it's all gone, every little drop is now in his stomach, he savours the taste in his mouth, his cock now fully erect and fit to bursting. He looks up and see's Kian in the doorway holding a bowl of water, both boys blush. Kian's clothing is steadily rising and Bain can see the head of Kian's cock as it lifts up his sack cloth, he obviously was turned on by what Bain was doing. Bain is amazed at it's size, a very big 8" not as big as his but on this small frame of a boy it looks huge. Kian's aware his cock is now fully exposed buy he can't do anything about it as he has his hands full.

"I-I-I bought some h-h-hot water," Kian stutters.

"Thanks," Bain say's looking at the floor. 

Kian walks in and places it at Bains feet, he can't take his eyes of the huge cock sticking out from Bains groin. He has never seen another boy's cock before apart from his own and his brothers and never one so huge as this. His own cock is now fully erect and pointing directly up, the sack cloth gown not covering any of it as it has gathered a the base of this cock, he tries to pull it forward to cover his embarrassment but it just slides back, he really has outgrown this piece of rag. Bain looks at it lustfully, it's beautiful, uncut and tapers back to a thick base where a large pair of tight smooth testicles sit. Bain has never seen a foreskin before.

"Er, I'll leave you to it," Kian say's and walks out all the time looking at Bain's cock, his cock wobbling as he walks.

Bain stands up and starts to wash of the mud from his body, his cock still fully erect and aching, he needs release but it wouldn't be right to jack off in a strangers house. He is almost finished when Kian walks back in holding a bottle and some wadding in one hand, his other holding his erection under the sack cloth.

"I saw you have some scratches so I bought some ointment, you don't want to get an infection," he explains.

"Thank you."

Kian hands the ointment and wadding to Bain and just stands there watching as he treats the scratches on his body. Bain keeps looking over at him, Kian can't take his eyes of Bain's enormous cock.

Bain looks over his shoulder, he can feel scratches on his back but he can't quite reach.

"Here let me," Kian offers.

Bain hands the ointment and wadding to Kian and turns round. Kian lets go of his cock and it springs free becoming fully exposed once more. He treats the wounds on his back and looks down he has some on his ass.

"Erm you have some on your, er, um, bum. Do you want me to, you know, er," he tries to say.

"Er yeah ok," Bain replies and bends over to give Kian better access.

Kian kneels down and is now staring at Bain's rosebud, his heart is racing as he dabs the ointment on the scratches on Bain's cheeks. There is a scratch just above Bain's opening and one below that runs down his perineum stopping just short of his testicles. Kian wipes the wadding over the top scratch and down to the other passing over Bain's anus. Bain gasps.

"Sorry did that sting?" Kian apologies.

"No, it actually felt nice," Bain explains.

Kian runs the wadding over it again making sure the scratches are covered and Bain gasps again.

"All done," Kian says reluctantly.

Bain stands up and turns around, his cock slaps Kian in the face. Kian pulls back and Bains cock comes to rest just in front of his face.

"Oh! Er sorry," Bain apologises blushing profusely.

Kain blushes too, "It's ok, it didn't hurt."

Kain stands up but doesn't attempt to hide his erection this time. This is too much for Bain and he shoots his hand out and cups the boy's balls.

Kian gasps and pushes his groin forward, "Oh fuck! Urrrrrggghh!" His cock erupts spurting ropes of cum over Bain.

"Oh!" Bain is completely surprised by this, the boy puts his hands on Bains shoulders to steady himself as his legs tremble from the force of his orgasm.

Kian pants heavily as his orgasm ends, he suddenly looks close to tears, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that, I couldn't help it." His eyes start to water.

"Fuck Kian, don't cry, it's ok, I loved it. In fact I'd love to make you do it again, I guess you was just a little too excited." Bain says trying to calm him down.

"Yeah? I guess I was a bit worked up, I've never seen such a big dick before."

Bian blushes, "er thanks."

Kian wraps his fingers round Bains huge cock, his fingers not quite reaching all the way round. All the time looking at Bain for approval. Bain groans at the boy's delicate touch.

"Oh that feels nice," he says. Kian smiles and starts to wank Bain.

Bain is really worked up now, he looks at Kian, his cock is still rock hard. Bain pulls on the string around Kians waist and it falls away, he then leans over and pulls up the sack cloth, Kian gets the message and soon it is discarded on the floor. Kian is now naked and Bain looks at this short skinny boy, his cock looking out of proportion with the rest of his body. Bain takes hold of his cock and wanks him at the same pace as Kian is wanking him.

Both boys stand there wanking each other unaware that they are being watched. At the door just out of sight of them is the old man Theol, he is watching as his great grandson is introduced to the wonders of sex. It brings a tear to his eyes and he remembers his first experience with another boy, oh how he wished to be young again.

Soon Bain is panting hard, Kian can tell he is close to cumming as his cock seems to have gotten bigger. He speeds up a little, he so wants to see another boy cum. To his surprise he feels another orgasm building up in himself and soon both boys are on the verge of cumming.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" Bain announces.

"Oh yeah, so am I!" Kain replies.

"Get ready Kain, here I cuuummmm ggnnnnnppppphhh!" Bain erupts a massive bolt of cum that shoots a good five feet in the air.

"Oh wow! Yeah urrrrrggghhhhh! I'm cuuuummmmiiinnnggg!" shouts Kian and he too erupts another load. Both boys are shooting their loads over each other and the orgasm seems to go on for ever. Soon however they are spent and covered in each others cum.

"Oh that was awesome!" Kian beams.

"Yeah I enjoyed that too," replies Bain.

"So did I," another voice says, 

Bain looks round startled and sees his father is awake.

"Father you're ok," he says jumping on the bed next to him.

"Where are we?" Vernon asks.

"These good people are helping us," he goes on to explain what happened and introduces Kian.

"Bain he doesn't look old enough." Vernon says.

"I'm 18 sir," Kian pipes in still naked but covering his cock.

Just then Theol walks in the room,

"Kian, I've made some broth, be a good boy and dish it out for everyone," he says.

"Yes gramps," Kian says and he bends down to pick up his gown.

"Oh don't worry about getting dressed, everyone else is naked no reason why you shouldn't stay that way. Besides I haven't had this much eye candy for god knows how long." Theol says smirking.

"Yes gramps," Kian replies, his still erect cock bouncing as he walks.

"Thank you for being so gentle with him, he's such a sensitive soul," Theo says to Bain.

Bain blushes again realising the old man knew what they was doing.

"He's nice, I like him," Bain replies.

"I'm glad to see you've recovered nicely," Theol says to Vernon, "The names Theol."

"Vernon, thank you so much for your help, we realty would have been in serious trouble without it," Vernon replies. "I must apologise for our lack of clothing, you see we..."

"No need to explain, like I said before, I haven't seen this much naked flesh since I was a teen. Believe me you're making an old man very happy." Theol butts in.

"I don't suppose you have any clothes we can borrow?" Vernon asks.

"I'm afraid not, we've been on the run for so long now we only have what we are wearing," Theol replies.

"How do you manage to keep running at your age?" Vernon asks.

"It's not easy, to be honest I don't think I can do it for much longer."

Kian reruns with a two large bowls of broth and some bread.

"We only have two bowls so we'll have to share." he explains.

"Vernon I would like to talk with you when you have finished," Theol says then hobbles back into the other room.

As soon as they have finished eating Vernon joins Theol in the other room, he sees him sitting in a large chair by the fire, so he sits in the chair opposite. The fire is burning well and Vernon basks in the warmth on his naked body.

In the other room Rafael, now awake, has jumped on Bain and is tickling him. Bain is laughing hard, Kian is laughing too watching the antics. Bain flips Rafael off him with one quick movement.

"Kian give me a hand, I think he needs a taste of his own medicine," Bain requests.

Kian jumps on the bed and grabs Rafael's feet while Bain garbs his arms. Bain tickles Rafael's sides and the boy bucks about, Kian has trouble holding his legs so he moves up and sits on them and joins in by tickling the insides of his thighs. Both the boys are giggling as they torture Rafael, if he could make a sound you would hear him screaming with laughter. Then Bain looks up.

"Right Kian's turn," he says.

"What? No!" but it's too late as Bain and Rafael quickly have him pinned to the bed. Kian is laughing so hard it hurts, he hasn't had so much fun since before his brother was taken.

"Ahh, what a beautiful sound," Theol says, "I haven't heard Kian laugh like that for such a long time."

"You wanted to talk to me?" Vernon presses.

"Yes, like I said before I'm a very old man now and I can't keep running from Soltan anymore."

"What are you trying to say?"

"I would like you take Kian with you. Soltans men don't reach as far as Barthem City, he would be much safer there."

Vernon wasn't surprised by this request, he was in fact expecting it.

"Why haven't you taken him there?"

"Believe me I've tried but there is an outpost at the mountain pass manned by Soltan's men, I haven't figured a way past it. I though seeing as you was taking Rafael there you would know of an alternative route."

"Well we do have a map."

"May I see it?" Theol asks.

Vernon heads back to the bedroom and picks up the map noticing that Rafael and Kian are now ganging up on Bain trying to pin him down but he's much stronger. He heads back to the chair and hands the map to Theol. The old man opens it up examines it then holds it in front of the fire. Vernon is about to grab it off him thinking he's trying to burn it.

"Ah yes look," Theol says pointing to the map, "there at the end off the eccle forest."

Vernon looks at the map, slowly appearing is a dotted line passing through the mountains and the words secret passage.
