 This is a fantasy story set in a fictitious land and in a time of medieval sorcery. All characters depicted are 18+. Although this story is in a time where safe sex is not heard of I would always recommend the practise of safe sex. 

CHAPTER 8 – The good, the bad and the ugly

Phabian is not pleased, "YOU WHAT! YOU LOST THEM?!" He bellows.

They are standing outside the shack where Phabian has caught up with them.

"Er yes sir," Rulf whimpers.

"But we did track them here," Gritch says.

"Wait a minute, this isn't your horse," Phabian says, he looks at the other horse, "neither is this one, where did you get them? And where are your horses?"

"Er, um, well.." Rulf stalls.

"They stole them sir," Gritch says.

"WHAT!" Phabian's voice booms around the forest, "How on earth did they manage to steal your horses? Never mind I don't want to know.

Phabian walks in the shack and sees the old man on the floor.

"I recognise him, he's the grandfather of the twin that Soltan's been trying to find, is the boy not here?"

"No sir, but the others had definitely been there, he was obviously helping them," Rulf says.

"How did he die?" Phabian asks.

"Er he fell and broke his neck," Rulf lies.

"You mean more like you helped him fall," Phabian says. Gritch and Rulf cringe at Phabian's perceptiveness.

Phabian looks around the shack, he sees the small sack cloth garment and picks it up. Next to him it's tiny, this clothing only looks big enough to fit a ten year old, what would Soltan want with someone so young? He knows that the boy's brother is being held at fort Holberton and decides to pay a visit.

"You two are useless, you are to accompany me to Fort Holberton where I'm placing you on guard duty. Let's see if you can't fuck this one up!" Gritch and Rulf hang their heads in shame.

"So much for a promotion," Gritch whispers to Rulf as Phabian walks out the shack.

* * *

Dawn is breaking as Sherif Carter rides along the main trail. With him is a young cadet by the name Will, a name he hated with a vengeance as his nick name at school was Will the village idiot. He is slim but that's as far as any attractiveness goes, his face is spotty, his lower jaw is receding and his top teeth protrude a little. His eyes have a sadness to them that betrays the horrible life he's had to now, his hair scruffy but short and ginger. His low self esteem is second to none, he has no friends and has never really interacted with anyone. The only good feature he has is his cock, a whopping 10 ½ inches, however no one has ever seen it except himself and at the age of 21 he is still a virgin.

Sherif Carter has only taken him on as a favour to his father who is a very good friend. All Will would do is mope around all day not wanting to do anything so his father had had enough and wanted him out of his hair.

It was all Sherif Carter could do just to tolerate the boy, he had absolutely no common sense and was useless at doing anything, including making a brew. He was reluctant to bring Will with him but back at base there is only three of them in total, him, Will and the Deputy and he knew he couldn't leave Will in charge back there.

"What's wrong with you boy? You're fidgeting around as though you've got crabs or something, have you?" Carter asks.

"No sir, it's just that I'm a bit sore," he replies.

"Sore? We've only been riding a day and your sore already?"

"Yes sir, sorry sir."

Sherif Carter pulls up his horse and Will stops along side.

"Lets take a look," Carter says as he dismounts.

"Sorry sir?" Will looks at him puzzled.

"Come one, we haven't got all day," Carter says sounding impatient.

Will dismounts not sure what the Sherif wants him to do.

"Well drop your britches then," he orders.

"Sir?" Will's heart begins to race.

Now Will always knew he is attracted to men, in fact he has a huge crush on the Sheriff and now suddenly he want's him to drop his britches. Will hesitates his cock suddenly very erect.

"You're not shy are you?" Sherif Carter goads him.

In fact he is very shy but he turns round and lowers his britches but not very far, Carter get's impatient and grabbing the britches pulls them down hard and they end up round Will's ankles. Suddenly he feels very exposed, his cock sticking out in front of him but not in view of Carter.

"Bend over," Carter orders.

Will bends forward. The sherif can see his pert round ass and his exposed virgin bud leading down to his tight scrotum. Will is trembling with excitement, his cock is aching it's so hard. He is wondering if this is it, if at long last he is going to lose his cherry, something he's dreamt about for so long.

"It's a little red but I think you'll live," Carter says and slaps the boy hard on the ass causing him to yelp. He stands up and fetches something from his horse, Will stands up and looks back at him.

"Here use this," Carter hands him a jar, "It'll help sooth it. Oh and do something about your boner while your at it, before you poke someones eye out with it."

Will turns a bright shade of red, he can't believe Sheriff Carter just said that, he does need to cum now and wishes that Sheriff Carter would help him, he starts stroking his cock.

"Not here! Go behind a tree or something!" Carter complains.

Will colours up again, and hobbles towards the trees not thinking to pull his britches up so he can walk easier. Carter tut's and rolls his eyes then walks round to his steed and checks the straps. Will moves behind a tree out of sight of Carter, he can't believe that the guy he has a major crush on just saw him naked from the waist down. He pumps his cock imagining it is Carters hands wanking him. It only takes 10 or 12 strokes and he is blasting his cum onto the ground. Once spent he bends over and applies the cream to his ass.

Carter hears the sounds of hoofs in the distance and looks down the trail. He can see a bunch of soldiers appear from out of the trees onto the trail then ride off away from them.

'Interesting,' he thinks.

Will appears from the trees.

"Better?" Carter asks. The boy nods.

They mount their horses and head off to where he saw the soldiers appear. There he finds a smaller trial and decides this needs investigating. They dismount and lead their horses down the trail, at the end they find the shack. They tie up the horses and head inside, there is a faint glow from the fire. Will stumbles on something and goes crashing to the floor, he looks back at what tripped him straight into the face of the old man, he jumps up screaming with fright.

"What the fuck!" Carter shouts running over.

He's sees the old man on the floor and checks him.

"He's dead," Carter says. Will panics.

"Aw fuck! I'm sorry, it was an accident, honest!" he blurts.

"You didn't kill him you idiot, he was already dead, about 6 hours at my guess."

Will breathes a sigh of relief, he stills feel very apprehensive though as this is the first dead body he's ever seen.

"How did he die?" Will asks.

"Not sure, looks like he fell," Carter examines further, "Ah, he's got a broken neck."

"Is it murder?"

"Maybe, could be just an accident though."

Carter stands up and looks around the shack, he finds the empty bowls of broth and the traces of blood on the bedding.

"I think this old man definitely has had visitors," he says, "come we need to go."

Carter heads for the door.

"What about the body, shouldn't we bury him or something?" Will asks.

Carter looks at him, "We really haven't got the time if we are to catch up with them."

Will squats down and looks at the old man, it seems to Carter that this boy has a lot of compassion in him, not such a good trait in his book.

"Look we'll call back here when we return and bury him then, ok?" Carter says.

Will stands up and nods.

They mount their horses and are soon riding off as the morning sun breaks over the horizon.