 Soltan looks out over the city, he likes this viewpoint, it's high up in the tower and affords a panoramic view of most of Hobleton. He looks down on the people milling around below him, it's gala day and people are celebrating in the square just in front of the fort. Musicians play and people dance in colourful costumes, stalls are erected around the edges selling various things. Beer is flowing and people are laughing and singing. He likes the city, there's always young boys to be found here, he prefers them to be fresh, virgin, but he's not that picky.

He turns to look at his latest acquisition, a young boy hanging naked from a hook in the ceiling, his feet not touching the floor. Soltan had been travelling in his Stagecoach the previous night when he heard someone curse at him. Well no-one ever curses the great Soltan and lives to regret it. He'd stopped the coach and stepped out to see the person that had insulted him to find a young boy huddled in a doorway. He smiled and decided he would like to have some fun with this foul mouth youth.

Pellon wakes, his head thumping, wondering what had caused such a monstrous headache. He goes to rub his head and suddenly realises he can't move, he immediately wakes up and his eyes snap open. He looks up at his arms shackled above him, the steel restraints digging into his hands, he can't feel the floor beneath him and he realises he is dangling. He starts to panic, he was only tied up once before and that didn't go so well, a client wanted it as part of his fetish but left him tied to a tree. It wasn't until five guy's had their way with him that someone untied him. He looks around, the room is dark, he can't see much, there is a window, the light from it is bright and in the window stands a large figure, the same figure that stood over him the night before. He tries to speak but it only comes out muffled, he's been gagged too, it feels large like a ball keeping his mouth open but full.

The large bulk of the man walks up to him then places his hands on the boys shoulders, they're large and powerful, he runs them down the boy's chest and stomach to his groin. Soltan grabs the boy's six inch soft cock and strokes it, Pellon tries to complain but it's useless with the gag on and against his will his cock starts to respond. Before long Soltan has the boy fully erect.

"Very impressive," Soltan says looking at the boys nine inch cock, it's thick too and makes it look massive against the boys skinny frame.

Grabbing Pellon's testicles he squeezes and pulls them down hard pulling his cock down with them causing Pellon to let out a muffled scream at the pain. Soltan releases his testicles and runs his finger along the boys perineum to his hole where in one swift movement buries his fat finger inside, Pellon gasps at the sudden invasion.

"You got a nice ass," Soltan says his face close up next to the boy, "and now it belongs to me." He licks the boy's cheek. Pellon shivers, this is no sex game, this man seems to want to own him. 

Soltan walks to one wall where another young boy is shackled to it by his arms and feet. He looks to be about fourteen, skinny, around five feet two, his hair strawberry blond. Pellon thinks he's really cute.

"Well Kalen," Soltan says running his large hands over the boy's naked body and stroking him from his armpits to his cock, Kalen whimpers, "It seems we located your grandfather, and I'm so sorry to tell you that he's dead."

Kalen looks up in shock, "What?"

"Oh wait, no I'm not, I'm not sorry at all," Soltan says laughing loudly.

"No! Gramps! You're lying!" Kalen shouts.

Soltan squeezes Kalen's testicles hard, "I never lie," he growls.

Kalen screams both with the pain, and the sudden news of the loss of his grandfather. Soltan releases his balls and walks back to Pellon and takes hold of his deflating cock and strokes it some more.

"It seems that your brother was no where to be found but I have a gut feeling he may be here in town," Soltan says, "I have men out looking for him now, it's only a matter of time before we find him and then I'm going to have so much fun with the two of you." Kalen sobs uncontrollably. "Twins, I've always wanted to play with twins," he says with an evil smirk on his face.

"You see this boy over here?" Kalen keeps sobbing looking at the floor so Soltan grabs him by the hair and forces him to look at Pellon, "LOOK AT HIM!" He shouts. "I'm going to do to him what I will be doing to you and your brother when we catch him, something for you to look forward to," he cackles."

Kalen knows that what ever he does to this boy it will leave him scarred physically and emotionally. In the two years he's been held captive Soltan hasn't touched him, obviously waiting till his brother is caught but Kalen has seen plenty of boys come and go. Many a night he has been woken by screams coming from Soltan's torture chamber, then the boy being thrown into his cell and it's always the same, they have deep cuts and wounds across their body front and back. There are burn marks too, their anus's have been stretched and ruined, their testicles and nipples crushed. Kalen is often charged with nursing them, and though many do recover, they are whisked off again and brutally tortured. Some of the boys don't recover and there have been many times when he has woken with a dead boy next to him. The first few times this happened he would bond with the boy's he was caring for, but when they passed away he would mourn the loss. Now he doesn't bond with them, he cares for them but won't get close anymore. It still saddens him when they pass away but he is protecting himself emotionally. Some boy's do make it out alive but they are not only scarred for life physically but mentally too, often ending up on the streets as beggars or in a mental asylum.

Kalen has been in Soltan's presence many times but not once has he touched him, Soltan's patience is strong and his goal of having the brothers together untouched is second only to his desire to be ruler of the kingdom. This is the first time however that Kalen is going to witness what it is that Soltan does to his boys and he is truly now terrified, not for himself but for the boy he's sees in front of him.

Soltan goes back to Pellon and removes his gag, "I want to hear your screams," he says.

Pellon is getting scared, "W-w-who are you? W-w-why are you doing this."

"Why I'm the great Soltan," he booms. 

Pellon is suddenly filled with terror, he's heard of the great Soltan and the rumours of what he does to boys. He's even seen evidence on the scarred bodies of boy's that have been cast out and left to roam and beg the streets of Hobleton.

Soltan walks over to the far corner of the room, there Kalen sees hot coals glowing white hot, sticking out is a long steel rod. Soltan picks it up and it's soon apparent that it's a branding iron, glowing an angry red from the coals.

"I always brand my boy's," Soltan says, "that way everyone knows that they are mine."

Kalen knew this was coming, every boy he's seen come through his cell has a large 'S' burnt in to their ass cheek. He closes his eyes not wanting to see this.

As Soltan approaches, Pellon see's the branding iron.

"NO! PLEASE NO! DON'T DO THIS!" he screams, bucking wildly trying to free himself from his bonds.

Soltan grabs the boy round his waist, his grip is vice like and Pellon can't move. 

"NO! PLLLEEAASE! NOOOOO!"

Suddenly there is a hissing sound and the smell of burning flesh fills the room. Pellon lets out a deafening blood curdling scream as intense pain shoots through his body.

Satisfied Soltan puts the iron back in the coals then walks up to Kalen. He cups his hand round his bare ass and strokes it.

"It's going to be such a shame to mar such a lovely perfect ass as yours but I can't have people not knowing who my boys are," he hisses in his ear, Kalen shivers.

He then goes back to Pellon who is sobbing uncontrollably, the pain still incredibly intense. "Aw your boner has gone, I didn't give you permission to lose your boner."

He picks up a bull whip, "For that you must be punished."

Soltan starts Pellon spinning then there is an almighty crack as the whip makes contact with the back of the boy's legs causing him to scream again. Again and again the whip cracks indiscriminately over Pellon's body, one even catches his cock and balls. Eventually Soltan stops, Kalen who had been looking away looks up at the boy who now has red marks all over his body, some of them deep and oozing blood.

"Whyyyyyyy?" Pellon sobs.

"Why? Because I can and because I want to," Soltan says.

Soltan then fastens Pellon's legs to chains attached to columns either side of him so that his legs are stretched wide apart. Solton play's with the boy's cock again and despite all the pain he is in his cock responds and is soon fully erect again. Soltan then kneels down and rams his big fat finger up the boy's hole, Pellon shouts mainly with the surprise of it. Soltan finger fucks him for a while then homes in on his prostrate, he massages it brutally and Pellon squeals at the pain. Amazingly though, it's unbelievably erotic and his cock gets even harder.

"I love making boy's cum by doing this to them," Soltan says to Kalen, "I think you might like this bit."

Kalen watches Pellon's cock bounce as his prostrate is being worked over, then he realises his cock is beginning to swell, he throws his head back to the wall. "Fuck!" he whispers to himself.

Pellon is grunting and groaning, he can feel an orgasm building and he so wants to cum. His legs begin to tremble and his cock get's even harder, he forgets the pain he's in, the pleasure he's receiving overriding it. With his other hand Soltan reaches up and twists Pellon's left nipple really hard, Pellon yelps but it sends him over the edge, he lets out a long high pitched groan and his cock erupts firing cum over the stone floor below him. Kalen wishes it was him making the boy cum, his own cock is now fully erect and aching.

"Looks like you enjoyed that," Soltan says noticing Kalen's erection.

Soltan is now solid in his pants, he stands up and lowers them. Still teary eyed Pellon looks at the mans massive cock and his heart skips a beat, he has been fucked by many men but never has he seen such a massive tool, let alone have one up his ass. Soltan releases the boy's legs, then lifting them up, shackles his feet to his hands, Pellon is now hanging, his ass sticking out for Soltan's pleasure. He oils it up, places the head at Pellon's hole and in one swift motion slams it deep into the boy's bowels. Pellon cries out with the pain, he hasn't felt pain like that since he first lost his virginity.

Kalen watches as Soltan deeply fucks Pellon, despite him hating the man and what he stands for, he is turned on by his massive frame and manly build. Kalen would gladly give himself to Soltan if he was much kinder.

Soltan is fucking furiously now, his orgasm quickly building, Pellon grunts and yelps with each thrust. Soltan slams him deep with one last thrust and empties his load deep inside Pellon's bowels. Now satisfied Soltan pulls out panting heavily, cum dribbles from Pellon's abused hole. 

He walks up to Kalen and begin's to stroke his cock. "You enjoyed that little show didn't you, you little slut, look how hard you are," Soltan goads him.

Kalen turns his head away and shuts his eyes.

"What you saw is just a little taster for what I'm going to do to you and your brother," he says still stroking Kalen's hard cock.

Kalen is desperately trying not to cum, he's trying to think of things that might turn him off but it isn't working, he can feel an orgasm building.

"Just think, you're going to get to watch me fuck your brother and then him watch me fuck you," Soltan laughs.

Kalen feels the orgasm sweep up over him. He groans and his cock explodes a torrent of cum into the air. Soltan lets go of his cock laughing as it continues to spew. He walks over to the window, feeling very satisfied. Abusing boy's always makes him feel better, his frustration at still not being able to find Aljeron's son and Kian somewhat abated. He looks down at the square in front of the fort and sees a young boy that looks just like Kalen.

"FUCK!" he shouts and pulling up his pants rushes out of the room.

Soltan rushes down the stairs in the tower and into the courtyard. There he sees Gritch and Rulf on duty guarding the main gate.

"You two, Come with me now!" he orders as he runs through the gate.

Gritch and Rulf look at each other startled, "Soltan!" they say simultaneously and run after him.

In the square there are so many people around that Soltan can't see Kian. As Gritch and Rulf catch up to Soltan he sees the boy on the far side of the square.

"That boy there! Get him! NOW!" Soltan barks pointing at Kian.

Kian sees the soldiers running towards him pushing people out of their way, so he turns and legs it. They see Kian run and make chase followed closely by Soltan. Kian twists and turns through the streets, his light frame making easy work jumping obstacles and dodging people. They follow him down an alley and into a small courtyard.

"We've got him cornered," Gritch says, "I know this place, there's no way out." 

As they enter the courtyard he's nowhere to be seen.

"Fuck! Where'd he go?" they look at each other in bewilderment.

Soltan enters the courtyard panting and out of breath.

"Where is he?" Soltan shouts.

"Don't know Sir, we saw him come in here but he's vanished."

"WHAT! YOU LOST HIM!" Soltan bellows, the two men cringe, "NGAARRGH! I'M SURROUNDED BY FUCKING IDIOTS!"

* * *

Kalem looks over to the window, excited that his brother is here, but he doesn't understand why. It's so dangerous here, surely he hasn't come to rescue him. 

He looks at the boy still hanging there sobbing, "Are you ok?"

Pellon looks over at Kalen, "I think so, I mean it hurts like fuck but I'm sure I'll live." Kalen knows that this is just the beginning for him, there is much worse to come but it would do no good to tell him. "I heard what he said about you and your brother, I hope he doesn't catch him."

"Me too," Kalen says.

Suddenly a naked boy enters the room and runs up to Kalen.

"Who are you?" Kalen asks shocked.

Rafael puts his finger to his lips signalling to stay quiet. He releases Kalen then turns around to see Pellon hanging there. He rushes over and let's him down. Pellon tries to walk but his legs just buckle underneath him so Kalen rushes over and helps him up and supports him. Rafael beckons them to follow and they leave the room, only to run into Phabian.

All the boys freeze when they see this giant of a man, Kalen's heart sinks, what seemed like a chance of escape suddenly vanishes.

Phabian looks at the three naked boy's before him, he recognises Kalen, the boy he was responsible for capturing in the first place. He knows who Rafael is too, the boy they have been chasing for several days now, the one they are trying to stop from reaching Aljeron. The boy in the middle with the wounds on his body is the only one he doesn't recognise. He knows he should grab them and put them into cells, Soltan would be so pleased if he did but he also knows that Soltan would not show any gratitude and that these boy's would be subject to some horrible torture. He does something that he never would have contemplated doing just days earlier, he steps to one side to let them past. He's decided not to be responsible for any more suffering from now on. The boys look at him in amazement not knowing what to do.

"Go!" he says, "before I change my mind."

Rafael helps Kalen with Pellon and they start down the stairs. Kalen looks back at this huge man, he's touched by this act of kindness. Then to Phabian's surprise, Kalen runs back and beckons him to bend down which he does. Then Kalen gives him a tender kiss on the lips.

Phabian catches his breath as the boy runs back and helps Pellon down the stairs, now he knows what it feels like to receive gratitude, he welcomes the new Phabian.

At the bottom of the stairs, hidden by the overhang of the stairwell is a small door, the boys go through it and find themselves going down more stairs. At the bottom is another door, and as Rafael opens it, Kalen stares into the face of his brother.

"Kalen!" Kian shouts and runs up to him flinging his arms round him, "you're ok."

The twins hold each other tight, tears of joy in their eyes, "I didn't think I would ever see you again," Kian says.

"Soltan said Gramps is dead, is it true?" Kalen asks. Kian nods and both boys start to cry.

"We must go," Vernon says, "they're going to be looking for you."

Kalen looks at three more figures staring back at him, "Who are these people?" he asks.

"They're friends, they helped me rescue you, come on I'll introduce you on the way," Kian says.

"Here wear this," Vernon hands him some clothes.

Bain walks up to the injured boy, "Hey I know you, you was the boy from yesterday."

Pellon looks up his arm still round Rafael and sees Bain smiling at him, "Oh yeah, I remember you," he croaks, "I knew you'd be back for a piece of my ass."

Bain laughs at his joke and helps Rafael with him.

"I'm afraid we wasn't expecting anyone else so we haven't got any more clothes," Vernon says to Pellon. 

"Follow me," Ellit says, dressed now in some decent clothes that Vernon bought earlier for him.

They all set off, the sewers twisting and turning, tunnels branching off in all directions but Ellit seems to know where he's going.

* * *

Soltan runs back up the stairs to the tower cursing at the incompetence around him, he'll take his frustration out on the boy strung up. A good whipping always helps to calm him down. When he enters the room all he sees is Phabian standing at the window.

"What the fuck? Where are my boys?" He asks.

"What boys sir?" Phabian asks feigning confusion.

"The boys that was tied up in here, where have they gone?" Soltan looks at Phabian suspiciously, "What have you done with them?"

"I have no idea what you mean sir, when I came up here the room was empty," Phabian lies.

Soltan suddenly realises what has happened, "ARRRRRRGHH!! THE BASTARDS! They tricked me, they used his brother as a decoy to lure me out and I fell for it!"

Soltan turns to Phabian, "Quick get your men together, I want every building in the city searched from top to bottom," he orders.

"Yes sir," and Phabian heads out followed by Soltan.

As they reach the bottom of the stairs Soltan feels a draught, he looks round and notices for the first time the door under the stairwell, it's slightly ajar.

"Where does that door lead?" he asks.

"I'm not sure sir," Phabian replies.

Soltan opens the door and follows the stairs down, eventually coming out in the sewers. He quickly returns to the stairwell and grabs Phabian.

"Get some men down there, I believe that's how they made their escape without being spotted," he orders.

Phabian heads off to gather his troops. Soltan is fuming, he grabs a passing soldier.

"You! Go and find me a boy, NOW!" the soldier runs off into the square.

Soltan needs to vent his anger the only way he knows how.