 Vernon studies the map and looks up at the mountain towering above him.

"According to this there should be a large cedar tree next to the entrance," he says.

They look around, there are a few pine trees and bushes dotted around the lower slopes of the mountain but no one can see a cedar tree.

"Are you sure we are in the right place father?" Bain asks.

"Yeah, positive, perhaps we can see a bit clearer if we climb higher?" he suggests.

They walk up the slopes, still unable to see the cedar tree. Baffled, Vernon sits to study the map again.

"I don't get it, where the hell is this tree? We can't be in the right place."

"Father, what are you sitting on?" Bain asks.

"It's a tree stump why?" Suddenly Vernon stands up and looks down, the stump is large.

"Could someone have cut it down?" Bain asks.

"It's certainly possible and it looks like it could be cedar wood," Vernon replies.

They begin to search the area when Kian shouts out, "Over here!" He's standing next to a large bush by a rocky outcrop. They all rush over. Vernon pushes the bush apart and behind it is a small cave.

"I think we may have found it." he says. He heads inside, it's dark, very dark, "Crap I can't see a thing."

Rafael pushes past and walks up to a wall and he points with his finger to a small ledge. They all wonder what he possibly could be doing when suddenly a small flame shoots out from his finger and hits the wall. Everyone gasps, as the flame ignites a channel that runs along the cave wall. The flame runs along the channel until it reaches an alcove where in the rock has been carved a small well. This has some flammable liquid inside and it starts burning brightly. The flame doesn't stop there as on the other side of the alcove the channel continues, the flame races along and lights several wells along the way. Soon the cave is lit and they can see in the distance.

"Wow, you're just full of surprises," Vernon says, Rafael just smiles.

They head in, the cave narrows and turns into a tunnel, eventually they find themselves in a large cavern and dotted around the walls are the lanterns.

"Wow!" Kian says, his voice echoing around the walls, "this is so cool!"

"It's cold in here," Pellon says starting to shiver and still naked.

Vernon digs around in his back pack, produces a blanket and hands it to Pellon.

In the centre of the cavern is a small lake and they can see a mist rising from it.

"Hey it's warm," Bain announces, "must be a natural spring. Why don't we .." But before he could finish Rafael has waded in up to his waist. "Bath in it," Bain continues.

Soon the twins are naked and joining Rafael, followed closely by Bain and Pellon.

"Come on in, the water is lovely," Bain shouts to his father and Ellit.

"Come on let's join them," Vernon says to Ellit.

"I don't know if I want to," Ellit replies.

Pellon sees Ellit is hesitating, he wades out and walks up to Ellit so their noses are almost touching.

"Here let me help you out of these," He says and lifts up Ellits tunic.

Ellit doesn't resist and his tunic is soon discarded on the ground. For the first time Pellon is able to see his scars up close. He runs his fingers over them causing Ellit to shiver.

"He really did a number on you huh," he says, "how many beatings did you get to do this much damage?"

"I lost count."

"I only had one beating and that was more pain than I could have ever imagined, you must have suffered so much."

"I try not to think about it," Ellit says.

Pellon pushes down on Ellits britches and they fall to his ankles.

"Come on, the waters lovely," he says taking Ellits hand.

Vernon has already stripped and is in the water with Rafael, Bain and the twins who are all fooling around and having fun.

Ellit and Pellon get up to their chests when Pellon suddenly disappears under the water. Ellit looks round wondering where he's gone when his legs are pushed up and he ends up falling backwards into the water. He quickly recovers himself and sees Pellon laughing at him.

"Ooh, you just wait!" Ellit jumps on him and they wrestle around trying to dunk each other, both boys are laughing hard. Eventually they both stop to get their breath and look at each other with huge smiles across their face.

"When was the last time you laughed like that?" Pellon asks.

The smile quickly fades from Ellit's face, "Oh, I-I-I don't remember."

"Bet you I can make you laugh even more," Pellon challenges.

"Oh yeah, how?" Ellit's smile returns.

Pellon grabs Ellit by the waist and begins to tickle him. 

Ellit starts to scream with laughter, "Arggh! Stop! That tickles!" He tries to fight Pellon off.

"Looks like they're having fun," Vernon says when suddenly Rafael, the twins and Bain all jump on him, he quickly goes under.

Jumping back up he looks round to see them scarpering, "Hey no fair, four on one!" He shouts.

Vernon dives under and the boy's look at each other wondering where he's going to come up when suddenly Kian is launched into the air. Vernon picks him up with ease and flings him across the water, he lands with a loud splash. Bain is laughing so hard he doesn't notice his father sneaking up on him until he feels a hand between his legs and he's being lifted out the water, he comes back down with a huge splash.

"Hey, you snuck up on me," he says coming back up and immediately jumping on his father.

They wrestle in the water, dunking and trying to throw each other. Vernon ends up chasing Bain out the water, he manages to catch him and body tackles him to the ground. Bain falls on his back and Vernon jumps on top, he immediately starts to tickle him. Bain cries out with laughter.

"Arrrgh! Hahahaha, Stop it! Arrghhh hahahahah!"

Vernon eventually stops but grabs Bains hands and holds them above his head, he suddenly realises that he and Bain have an erection and as he is straddled across Bain's hips they are rubbing.

Vernon looks at his boy's beautiful cock, it's enticing him and without thinking he grabs it with his other hand. Bain gasps as his father starts to slowly wank him.

"Oh father! Please!" Bain gasps.

Vernon looks into his eyes, they are pleading, he can see the desire in them, he can see clearly that Bain wants to be taken by him. Vernon cannot resist, all his reasoning that making love to his son is wrong seems to be melting away, he loves Bain so much and he's now wondering if it's something more that just a fathers love for his son. He get's an overwhelming desire to kiss him and he gives in to it, putting his lips against Bain's. The kiss sends shockwaves through Bain's body, it's electrifying, Vernon feels it too, he can't believe that a kiss can be so sensual.

Vernon breaks the kiss and looks at Bain's cock, he's totally overcome with passion now and he mindlessly slips downs Bain's body. He lifts up the huge cock and begins licking the head causing Bain to gasp in ecstasy. It's leaking precum and Vernon licks it up savouring the taste. He then slips his mouth over it and slides down as deep as he can before he gags, Bain groans and can't keep his eyes off his father's mouth sliding down his shaft.

Kalen is sitting on the shore of the lake watching Vernon blow Bain, still a virgin he's never seen, had, or given a blowjob. While he was in captivity, no one would dare touch him for fear of what Soltan would do to them. He never even did anything with the boy's he shared the cell with, a couple wanted to but he pointed out that if Soltan ever found out it would be disastrous for them.

As he watches his cock expands to full erection and he can't help stroke it.

Kian comes up to his brother, "Hey bro, how about I show you some things I recently learned."

Kian leans over and takes his brothers cock in his mouth.

"Oh Fuck! Kian! What you doing?" but Kian ignores him and sucks his brothers hard cock deep in his mouth. Kalen surrenders to the amazing sensation, he leans back to watch his brother devour his cock. "Oh Kian! It feels incredible."

Rafael seeing all this action get's horny too and he sneaks up behind Ellit, he wraps his arms round him and begins caressing his skin. Ellit surprised, gasps, he can feel Rafael's erection in the cleft of his ass cheeks and he begins to panic.

"No, I can't!" He says and pushes Rafael away. He rushes out of the water, grabs his clothes and walks off. Rafael grabs Pellon and pushes him in Ellit's direction. Pellon get's the hint and follows.

Still randy, Rafael joins the twins, he stands next to Kalen. Kalen looks up and sees Rafael's cock next to him, it looks inviting, he want's to try this blowjob thing and grabbing Rafael's cock he sticks out his tongue and starts to lick it. Some precum flows out and he licks it up, the taste is almost sweet, he likes it. He then slips his lips over the solid shaft and emulates what his brother is doing to him. For the first time in his life he is sucking on cock and it feels good in his mouth, it feels like he was born to do this. He sucks deeper and Rafael has to put his hands on Kalens head to steady himself.

Vernon is now licking and swallowing Bain's testicles, Bain is crying out in sheer pleasure, his father goes lower and Bain knows he's heading for his anus. Bain lifts his legs up and grabs the back of his legs pulling them close to his chest, Vernon instantly goes for his boy's hole and licks it feverishly, Bain groans in delight.

"Oh father, please fuck me, please," Bain begs.

Vernon stops and looks at his boys hole, it's winking in anticipation of it being filled. He looks at Bain, his eyes pleading even more. Vernon can't stop himself now even if he wanted to. He positions himself so his cock is resting on Bain's rosebud and Bain pants in anticipation. Vernon applies a generous amount of spit on his cock and pushes forward, Bain relaxes and his fathers cock head slips past his sphincter causing him to shout, not in pain but in sheer pleasure. Vernon leans over his boy as he slides his cock deeper into him, their noses almost touching.

"I love you father," Bain says as his fathers cock slides in completely.

"I love you too son," Vernon says and slowly begins to fuck his boy.

Vernon leans closer and they kiss again, this time more passionately, Bain is in heaven, the man he has always loved, the man that he has desired from the moment he had sexual feelings is finally making love to him, he had been dreaming of this moment for years.

Vernon now realises he has always had sexual feelings for Bain, he just kept them locked in his subconscious. It suddenly makes sense to him, they are meant to be together, they always have been. Being inside Bain makes it feel like he is merged with him, like they are one entity, Bain feels this too.

Kalen is sucking for all his worth on Rafael's cock, he never imagined it would feel so good. He can't believe how much of a turn on it is to suck cock, so much so he suddenly feels his orgasm building.

He quickly pulls off Rafael, "Oh Kian stop, I'm gonna cum!" Kian doesn't, "Kian! OH FUCK! URRGHH! I'M CUUUUMMMMINNNNGG!"

Kian keeps sucking as his brothers cock erupts into his mouth, Kalen's body shudders with the ferocity of his orgasm, he can't believe how intense it is, he's never cum this hard ever. Kian drinks it hungrily as Kalen continues to spurt thick ropes of cum, quickly filling his mouth.

"I can't believe you did that!" Kalen pants as Kian sucks out the last couple of drops. He just moans, his mouth still full with his brothers cock.

Kalen see's his brothers cock, it's rock hard and twitching. He dives on it suddenly wanting to return the favour, he want's to taste, no, he want's to swallow his brothers cum. Kian pulls off Kalen's cock and gasps as his cock is devoured by his brother. Both boys are in the sixty nine position and Rafael moves behind Kian. He lifts up Kians legs and puts his cock at his hole.

Kalen sees this and pulls off, "Kian I think he's going to fuck you!" But before Kian can reply Rafael's cock slides in cleanly, Kian and Kalen gasp at the same time, Kian because of the sudden invasion of his rectum, Kalen because he can't believe what is happening to his brother. Kalen goes back to sucking on his brothers cock but watches Rafael fuck him.

Vernon and Bain are still in a passionate kiss and making love, this isn't a fuck, it's two bodies becoming one in a moment of pure lust.

Vernon feels his orgasm building, "Bain, I'm going to cum."

The news of his fathers impending orgasm causes his own to kick in, "Oh father I'm cumming too!"

Vernon is fucking him more vigorously now, his cock banging against Bain's prostrate. He grabs his boy's cock and strokes it.

"URRRRGHH FATHER! I'M CUUUUMMMMINNNNGG!" he lifts his head up as his cock blasts huge ropes of cum into his face. Vernon leans closer and licks the cum off Bain as his cock continues to blast it over his face.

Bain's anus is pulsating, massaging Vernon's cock as he ejaculates and it sends Vernon over the edge. He lets out a long groan as his cock explodes into his boy's bowels. As they share their orgasms they also share a moment of pure love between them, staring into each others eyes as their bodies reach nirvana.

Vernon finally collapses on top of Bain his head on his shoulder panting heavily.

After a few moments Bain speaks, "Father are you ok?"

Vernon lifts himself up and looks Bain in the eyes, "Yes son, I'm fine," then kisses him tenderly.

Bain smiles, "Does this mean we get to do this again?"

Vernon smiles back, "You bet."

"YES!" Bain shouts triumphantly then kisses his father again, "I love you."

"I love you too Bain." Vernon shivers, "Damn it's cold in here, what you say we set up camp here and build a fire?"

"Sounds good to me father," Bain replies.

"Ok you go and get some firewood, I'll set up camp."

They separate and Bain bounces off in search of fire wood feeling on cloud nine.

"Urrghh! Fuck! Urrghh! Urrghh! Oh yeah! Fuck! Urrghh!" To Kalen it sounds like his brother is in pain but it also sounds like he's enjoying it.

"What's that feel like?" he asks pausing from sucking on his brothers cock.

"Ohh! Fuck! Its wonder Urrghh! Full! Urrghh! Please! Don't Urrghh! Stop sucking Urrghh! Me!"

Kalen takes his brothers cock back in his mouth and sucks him deep, he's really taken to cock sucking, he absolutely loves it. 

Rafael is fucking Kian hard now, "URRGHH! URRGHH! FUCK! URRGHH! I'M CLOSE! URRGHH! OH FUCK! KALEN! URRGHH! I'M GONNA CUM! URRGHH!" Kian pants.

Kalen sucks harder determined to have his brothers cum, he feels Kian's cock expand more.

"URRRRRGHHHHH! FUCK! HERE I CUM!" Kian shouts and his body suddenly tenses, his cock spurts a huge amount of cum into the back of Kalens throat causing him to almost choke. Kalen keeps sucking and swallowing as his brother shoots spurt after spurt into his mouth. Being his first time he has trouble swallowing it all and keeping it in his mouth and some leaks out the corners. Although he didn't know what to expect from the taste of cum it's a lot nicer than he thought it might be and is actually enjoying it. Rafael suddenly shudders and Kalen can see his cock pulsating, he's cumming into to his brothers ass.

Eventually Kalen pulls off, Kian is panting hard, Rafael too, his head next to Kain's. Kalen turns round to his brother.

"Wow bro, you suck cock real good," Kian pants.

"That was my first time," Kalen replies.

"Really? Damn it was amazing."

Rafael reaches over and puts his hand behind Kalen's head and pulling him close they kiss. Kian joins in and Kalen finds himself in a three way kiss with his brother. He never dreamt of this happening, ever, but he loves it, his brother kisses good and he can't see any reason why this shouldn't happen, Kian feels the same.

Pellon finds Ellit sitting on a rock still naked, well away from the others, crying.

"Hey whats wrong?" Pellon asks sitting next to him and taking hold of his hand.

Ellit looks at Pellon, he can see genuine concern in his eyes, "I got scared," he sobs.

"What of?"

"Sex."

"How can you be scared of..." Pellon bites his tongue, "Ah Soltan."

Ellit nods his head, he looks up at Pellon his eyes full of tears, "All I ever experienced was pain, he would fuck me so hard I couldn't sit for days. He's completely ruined me," he starts sobbing heavily, "sometimes I will shit myself, I just can't control it anymore."

Pellon puts his arm round him and pulls him close, Ellit sobs on his shoulder. He holds him tight until his sobbing abates, he can feel the tears trickle down his shoulder.

"I can see why you're scared," Pellon says, "you associate sex with pain."

Ellit nods, "I know it can be nice, I see others enjoy it and I want to know what that's like, I just don't think I can yet."

"No ones going to force you to do anything you don't want to."

Ellit looks up at Pellon, "You're a prostitute aren't you."

Pellon nods, "Yeah I do it for money."

"Do you enjoy it?"

"Sometimes I will get a client that is really nice and yeah I enjoy it with them, but most the time they're ugly or fat or smell really bad, I don't enjoy it then."

"Why do you do it?"

"To survive."

Ellit puts his head back on Pellon's shoulder.

"How did you survive?" Pellon asks already knowing the answer.

"Begged and stole." Ellit squeezes Pellon's hand, "Thanks."

"What for?"

"For being here."

They sit for a while in silence and Ellit strokes Pellon's hand, Pellon does the same back, he can see deep scars around his wrist and hands where the steel restraints cut in. Not a word is said, none is needed until Ellit shivers.

"Are you cold?" Pellon asks.

Ellit nods, Pellon looks back at the others, "looks like they're setting up camp, perhaps we should join them."

"Ok," Ellit replies, Pellon gets up and is about to walk away when Ellit pulls him back, "Will you sleep with me tonight?" He asks.

Pellon pulls Ellit up then wraps his arms round him, "I'd love to," then kisses him tenderly. "Come on, I'm cold, lets get warm," he says and leads Ellit by the hand to the camp.

At the camp Ellit walks up to Rafael, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to..." but Rafael stops him from talking by putting his finger up to Ellit's lips then giving him a tender hug.

Later that evening they are all sat round the camp fire, Bain in Vernon's arms, Pellon holding Ellit's hand and Rafael in between the twins. They spend the evening talking about their adventures, their past and what the future holds for them.

* * *

"What are you still doing here?" Soltan shouts across the courtyard to Phabian.

He's saddling up his horse, there is another one next to his saddled and ready for Will, but Will is nowhere to be seen. Phabian had been holding back waiting for him to return.

"Why aren't you with your troops?" Soltan asks.

"I was just about to leave to join them."

"You shouldn't be here at all, you're supposed to be looking for Aljeron's son! If he makes it to Aljeron I will hold you personally responsible for this fuck up." Soltan rants.

"Yes sir," Phabian says as he mounts his horse. He's tempted to strike Soltan down where he stands but he knows all hell would break loose if he did.

Phabian looks at the gate one last time and with a heavy heart he sets off. Thoughts of betrayal run through his mind, wondering if Will had lied to him when he said he loved him. He rides hard, taking his frustration out on his steed.

The sun has already set when he reaches the border patrol.

"Evening Sir," the soldier on patrol says.

"Any news on the boy we are looking for?" Phabian asks but knowing the answer.

"No sir but there was a Sheriff that came through earlier."

"What about him?"

"He had a prisoner, a young man tied and gagged."

"Tied and gagged? Why would he gag his prisoner?"

"Don't know Sir, we thought it a little odd, he said he was a handful and wanted some quiet."
