 Vernon is up and about early, he heads for the square to check out the fort. He knows it's not going to be easy to gain access but he may find a weakness somewhere in it's design.

The square is busy, people are setting up stalls and decorations, as he walks around he's not watching where he's going and bumps into a young man.

"Oh I'm sorry," he apologises and looks straight into the saddest biggest eyes he has ever seen.

"Please sir, I'm hungry, do you have any bread I can have?" the man begs in a very faint voice.

Vernon looks at him, all he is wearing is a piece of cloth around his waist that is torn and barely covers his groin, there are scars all over his body. He is painfully thin, almost emaciated and his face looks tired, his hair long and matted and he is filthy, Vernon guesses him to be about 30.

"Oh for the love of Aljeron, what happened to you?" He asks stunned.

The man backs away suddenly looking scared.

"No please, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you," Vernon suddenly feel a wave of pity wash over him. "Look you want some bread? I don't have any but I'll buy you some, come with me."

Vernon looks around and see's a stall that is selling baked items, he turns and starts to walk towards it. He looks back but the man seems reluctant, Vernon beckons him and the man starts to follow. Vernon purchases a roll and hands it to the man, he quickly makes short work of it almost devouring it in one go.

"Thank you," he says shyly his head hanging down.

"You're welcome, you look like you needed it," Vernon say's patting him on the shoulder.

Vernon walks off and begins to check out the fort. There are two soldiers guarding the main gateway, a courtyard lies just beyond them. He looks up and the walls are high, too high to climb. Above the gateway is a tower that overlooks the square. Vernon rubs his chin.

"You won't get in there from out side," a voice says just behind him. Vernon spins round to see the man he gave bread to standing directly behind him. "It's too well guarded."

"Do you know of another way in?" Vernon asks. The man nods his head. "Would you like to come with me, I have some questions I'd like to ask." The man backs away again suddenly looking very scared. Vernon has to know what this man knows and he's obviously terrified of something. "I promise no-one's going to hurt you, look are you still hungry, would you like a proper breakfast?"

The man cautiously nods his head.

"Follow me," and Vernon walks off.

As he walks through the crowd the man follows keeping his distance. Vernon finds a grocers and enters, he buys bread and fruit and as he leaves the man is standing outside. Vernon heads off towards the inn and surely enough the man follows. When they reach the inn Vernon waits outside the entrance but the man keeps his distance. Vernon walks up to him and the man backs off a little.

"I'm staying here with some friends, I would like you to meet them. I give you my word that no harm will come to you but I need to talk to you in private. If you come up with me you can eat as much as this food as you want," Vernon says.

The man eyes the food in the sack hungrily, he nods. Vernon heads into the inn and the man follows close behind.

"Hey you can't come in here!" The barman shouts. The man suddenly freezes.

"It's ok, he's with me, he's a friend," Vernon shouts back.

He takes the man by the hand and leads him up the stairs.

As they enter the room he sees that Kian and Bain are fast asleep in each others arms and Rafael is looking out of the window. Rafael turns round and sees the man that Vernon has just bought in and his face drops when he sees the scars.

"These are my friends I told you about, Kian and Bain are asleep on the bed and this is Rafael," Vernon says.

Rafael slowly gets off the bed and walks up to the man, the man backs up against the door, he seems terrified.

"It's ok, he wont hurt you," Vernon reassures him.

The man looks at this beautiful naked boy walking up to him, his instincts scream at him to turn and run but he is entranced by Rafael's eyes. Rafael stands in front of him and touches his scars, the man draws a quick sharp breath, his scars are a painful reminder of a horrible past. Rafael gently strokes each one, Vernon is surprised that his eyes are filling with tears, it's as though Rafael is reliving the pain and suffering when the man first got them. Rafael looks into the mans eyes his own streaming tears now, then he wraps his arms round him and hugs him tight. The man suddenly starts to cry too, it's as though Rafael understands all the hurt and pain and wants to take it away. He has not had any intimacy for as long as he can remember and the warmth of Rafael's body feels so wonderful he starts to break down. Emotion suddenly washes over him and he sobs heavily on Rafael's shoulder.

They stand like this for what seems like an eternity, Vernon decides to leave them for a moment and places the food on the dresser. Bain and Kian are now awake and watching.

"Who is he father?" Bain asks.

"Someone that may be able to help us get in the fort," Vernon replies.

Eventually the mans sobs subside and Rafael takes his hand and leads him to the bed.

"Here eat this," Vernon says handing him some bread and fruit.

The man gratefully takes it and devours it almost immediately.

"How did you get your scars?" Vernon asks.

"I don't want to talk about it," the man replies.

"Ok, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry," Vernon apologises. "I'm Vernon, what's your name?"

"Ellit," he replies.

"How old are you?"

"19."

Vernon looks at him in shock, the trauma of his ordeal and the years on the street has obviously prematurely aged him.

"You look filthy Ellit, would you like to wash?" Vernon asks.

The man nods his head and Rafael immediately grabs the bowl and fills it with water from the pitcher. He places it at Ellit's feet and takes a cloth, Rafael then, seemingly lovingly, washes Ellit. Rafael gets him to stand and unties the string, Ellit closes his eyes and swallows as the cloth falls to the floor. Vernon gasps, Ellit's testicles are shriveled up and virtually non existent, the scars of what ever caused it clearly visible, his cock is out of shape too, obviously caused by more wounds at some point. On his left ass cheek is a mark in the shape of an S, Rafael stands and thumps the wall hard taking everyone by surprise.

"What's wrong?" Vernon asks him.

Rafael dips his finger in the water and writes on the wall "Soltan".

Vernon's eyes widen, "Soltan? Soltan did this you?"

Ellit nods his eyes filling with tears as he remembers the pain inflicted on him by that evil man. Everyone shudders seeing the evidence of his cruelty for the first time. Vernon feels the anger build up inside him, someone has to stop this man.

"You said you know how to get inside the fort?" Vernon asks.

"Yes," Ellit replies, "but why do you want to get in there, it's not a nice place."

Vernon sits down, takes hold of Ellit's hand and explains everything that has happened up to now and how they need to rescue Kalen as he promised the boy's grandfather.

"Ok, if I can help someone else from that evil man I will," he says. "There are sewers that run underneath the city, there is an entrance into the fort from them, it leads directly into the tower."

"Excellent, can you show us?" Vernon asks.

Ellit nods, "But it's dangerous, Soltan is there."

"How do you know that?"

"I saw him arrive in his carriage last night,"

"Damn that complicates things," Vernon says, "Where else do the sewers go?"

"They come out at the river," Ellit informs him.

Vernon sits thinking while Rafael finishes washing Ellit, he pays careful attention to his groin causing him to get an erection. Ellit looks away, ashamed at his cock now, bent and disfigured. Rafael tenderly kisses it and Ellit looks at him surprised, a tear forms in his eyes.

"Ok here's the plan." says Vernon clasping his hands.

* * *

Phabian wakes early, he always has done and not just because of his military training. He looks at the young man lying next to him, arms still wrapped around him. He strokes his hair, it needs washing but it's still soft, with his other hand he strokes his back, such lovely pale skin. Phabian needs to get up to empty his bladder, he moves Will's arm off him but the young man wakes up.

"Morning," Phabian says.

Will rolls onto his back and turns his head to look at the big man lying on his side next to him. Will's eyes still have some sleep and he blinks a few times.

"I though I was dreaming," he says.

"Did you sleep ok?"

"Yes thanks, like a baby." Phabian leans over and kisses him tenderly on the forehead, Will still feels like he's in a dream, here he is naked in bed with a strange man that is showing such affection, he can't help but smile.

"My name is Phabian, what should I call you?"

"Will."

"Well Will, I don't normally bring naked young men back to my room but you looked like you needed some help, and I'm so glad I did. What happened last night? Do you want to talk about it?"

"Do you mind if we don't, I feel quite happy at the moment and I don't want to spoil it."

"Of course, when ever you're ready, but I have to go and.... Oh my!" Phabian had pulled back the covers a bit to get out of bed when he saw Wills erection.

Will colours up, "Sorry."

"Don't apologise, It's magnificent, I've never seen one so big." Will blushes more.

"Do you need to pee or did I do that to you?"

"Both," Will replies.

Phabian smiles, he places his hand on Wills chest and looks him in the eyes, "If you like I could take care of that for you but only if you want me to."

Will smiles, "I'd like that."

Phabian smiles back and traces his fingers down Wills sides, the young man squirms at Phabians delicate touch, for such a big man he really is very gentle.

"That tickles," Will giggles.

Phabian does it some more teasing him, Will squirms more laughing.

"Do you like being tickled?" Phabian asks.

"Yeah I love it," Will replies laughing.

"I'm gonna remember that for next time," Phabian says.

'Next time? He wants a next time?' Will thinks to himself.

"You have such a beautiful body Will, it's so sexy," Phabian says.

Phabian traces his fingers lower avoiding his cock for now and ending up on his thighs. He slips to the inside of his thighs and Will opens his legs more to give Phabian better access. Phabian then starts stroking higher until his tickling Will's perineum.

"Oh," Willot gasps, "that feels so nice."

Phabian then moves higher and gently strokes the young mans tight testicles.

"Ohhhh Phabian, you're making me feel so good," Will groans.

Phabian then slides his fingers along the massive cock till he reaches the head where he starts running his fingers round the glands and slit, smearing the precum that has built up, Will's cock involuntary twitches. He lifts up Will's cock so it's now standing and slowly rubs his forefinger and thumb over the now slippery head. Will throws his head back in the pillow groaning in ecstasy.

"Do you like this?" Phabian asks.

"Oh yeah! Fuck! It feels amazing, please don't stop."

Phabian puts his other arm behind Will's head and pulls him closer, Will buries his head into Phabian's neck and watches the big man stroke his cock.

"Oh Phabian! It feels so good, please may I cum?" Will asks the pitch of his voice getting higher.

"Of course you can."

Phabian keeps up his slow manipulation of the young mans cock causing more and more precum to ooze out. Will's testicles have now completely drawn up into his body and his cock is stiff beyond comprehension.

"Urrrghh! Phabian, you're gonna make me cum, URRRGHH! FUCK! I'M CUUUUMMMMINNNNGG!" Will's body goes tense, he arches his back and his cock erupts blasting cum over his face.

"Oh wow!" Phabian is amazed at the force of the ejaculation and so is Will.

More and more ropes of cum splat down on his face and chest till he is finally spent.

"Hope you liked that?" Phabian asks.

"Wow yeah it was great!" Will replies panting.

Phabian leans forward and kisses him tenderly on the lips, Will immediately responds and kisses back, his first ever kiss, it's not passionate but more like a kiss of love, a kiss of caring. Will suddenly feels very selfish and realises that Phabian must have needs too, while they kiss he slips his hand down onto Phabian's shorts and finds his hard cock, a nice thick 8".

Phabian stops kissing, "You don't have to."

"No I want to," Will replies.

Soon he has Phabian's shorts down and is stroking his extremely hard cock.

"Oh Will, your touch feels wonderful," Phabian gasps. In fact no one has touched him there in over 10 years, he'd almost forgotten how good it could feel.

Then to his surprise Will starts sucking him, "Oh Will, oh wow."

Will is going down deep, even though the previous night had ended so badly he still was able to learn something from it and deep throating was one of them. Phabian is panting heavily now he can feel an orgasm building.

"Will, I'm gonna cum, you better pull off," but Will keeps sucking, "Will, please I'm close." Will ignores him. "URRGGH! FUCK! WILL I'M CUUUUMMMMINNNNGG!" and Phabian blasts his cum into Will's mouth, he swallows it not wanting to miss a drop.

"Oh fuck! Oh wow! Why did you do that?" Phabian asks.

"Because I wanted to taste your cum, and I wanted to make you feel good, you've been so kind to me," Will says pulling off his cock. The young man lies back down and wraps his arms round Phabian, "thank you."

They kiss again more lovingly and in a tender embrace. Phabian knows he is starting to fall for Will and there's nothing he can do about it, but this time he wants it to happen.