 The Life and Times of a Long Haul Trucker

Prologue:

Hi there, my name is Jake Morris and I am a 45 year old cross country trucker. This story is about my sexual experiences as I make my way across the country. There isn't a state in the US that I don't have a story for.

Now you are probably curious about how this story is going to be different from other stories. Well for starters, I'm gay. That's right. I love cock. Any man age 18 and up. Don't matter to me. As long as he has a cock between his legs and a nice sweet asshole for me to stick my 9 inch boner in, I'm a happy man.

I guess I should tell you a little bit about me. Like I said, I'm 45; I stand a little over 6' and have a medium build. My once sandy brown hair is spotted with gray but I still think I am a handsome man.

I discovered I was gay when I was 18. My best friend's brother took my virginity so to speak. He sucked me off then fucked me up the ass. I have never been married nor have I ever been with a woman.

I have never been in love although I have a feeling I have left a few broken hearts along the way. There are too many sweet cocks across the country to examine to give myself to just one man.

So if you're still interested, sit back and hear my tale, you just might like it.

Chapter 1 in Washington with Wayne:

My story begins 20 years ago in Washington. I was actually born in Seattle so naturally when I started driving; I got a job with a company out of Seattle.

Like I said, although I discovered I was gay when I was 18. I was actually 25 when I met Wayne. He was my instructor on driving truck. 

I knew from the minute I first laid eyes on him that I wanted to fuck him something fierce. The guy stood about 2 or 3 inches taller then my six foot, had a slender build with blondish brown hair and amber eyes. He always wore tight pants so I was able to get a good look at the package he had between his legs. I know he used to push it down his pant leg and could have sworn that he was at least a foot in length. 

Of course I couldn't do anything about my fantasies, see Wayne was a happily married heterosexual. Or at least that was what I thought. How was I supposed to know he was a closet gay?

It was during my first actual load when I discovered that Wayne wanted me as much as I wanted him. We were supposed to be delivering some stereo equipment to this place here in Seattle. At the time I was strictly working local. Well we had just dropped off our load when we got a call from dispatch.

They wanted to know if we wanted to pick up a load of lumber and head down to Vancouver. It wasn't exactly long haul but it got me out of Seattle. I talked to Wayne and he was all for it until dispatch told us that we wouldn't be able to drop the load until 7Am the next morning.

I looked at my watch. It was a little after 3 now. If we picked up the load and headed to Vancouver, we should be there no later then 10:00 tonight. That would mean we would have to sleep in the truck. Together.

The Truck was set up mainly for one person to drive while the other slept. It had a good sized sleeper but there was only one bed. 

My cock hardened in my jeans thinking of sleeping next to Wayne, but I wasn't sure how the older man felt about it. He looked over at me then told the dispatch that yea we would take the load.

Wayne was quiet the whole way to Vancouver. I drove the whole way; he told me if I wanted he would drive back. He figured if I was going to drive long haul I should get used to the freeways and stuff.

I picked up I-5 south and beat my hands against the steering wheel in time to the music on the radio. I listened with half an ear as Wayne called his wife and informed her that he wouldn't be home tonight. I had never met Wayne's wife but I had seen pictures of her and thought if I went for women I would definitely go for her.

We stopped for dinner at a truck stop just outside of Vancouver then parked the rig outside the place where we had to drop the load the next morning. After showing the guard our ID and paperwork, he left us in peace and I looked over at Wayne. 

"U-Um...Do you want to go to bed?" I asked as he looked out the window at the dark sky.

Wayne turned to look at me; his eyes were dark in the darkness of the cab. "Actually you go ahead. I'm not really tired. I think I'll go for a walk." Before I could respond, he was out of the truck and slammed the door behind him.

I stared at the closed door for a minute, and then sighed. 

Making sure everything was off; I climbed into the sleeper and closed the curtain to ensure privacy. I debated about sleeping in my clothes but finally decided to strip down to my underwear.

I slipped under the thin blanket since it was warm in the sleeper and rested with my hands behind my head. I wondered where Wayne was and couldn't stop wishing he was laying here beside me. 

As I thought about him, my cock hardened in my shorts. I knew I wouldn't get any relief until I took care of it. Sliding my shorts down by my knees, I grabbed my hard cock and slowly stroked it. I closed my eyes, imagining it was Wayne's mouth moving over it instead of my hand.

I kept my eyes closed as I slowly jacked my cock. Precum started leaking from the tip and I used it as lube to make it easier. By the time my mind was on Wayne fucking me, my hand was flying over my cock and my breath was coming in heavy pants. 

"Oh fuck, yes." I growled jerking at my cock as fast as I could as I imagined being fucked doggie style by Wayne. "Fuck, I'm cummmmiinnnngggg..." I cried in the empty room as my cock shot out. 

The first load went over my head while the rest landed on my chest and stomach. I stroked my cock until I was empty then dropped my hand to my side as I tried to catch my breath.

I cleaned up the mess with my underwear then wished I hadn't. I hadn't planned on being gone overnight so I hadn't brought any extra clothes. I realized afterwards that I would either have to sleep naked or pull my jeans back on. 

I didn't think I could handle sleeping in my jeans so I stuffed my cum soaked underwear under my pillow and slid naked back under the blanket. Hopefully Wayne wouldn't mind.

I was awakened later by soft lips pressing against mine while a strong hand moved over my body. When I felt a hand encircle my cock, I couldn't hold back the moan that left my lips.

I felt a naked hairy chest press down over mine and wrapped my arms around Wayne's neck as I returned the kiss. Even without opening my eyes I knew it was Wayne who was kissing me. 

I felt his hand slowly stroke my cock and pushed my hips forward against him. When his tongue touched my lips, I opened them for him to enter. His tongue slid smoothly into my mouth as his free hand wrapped around me pulling me tighter against his body.

I felt his cock pressing against my leg as we kissed and he stroked me. I ran my hands up and down over his back, until I came to his butt and squeezed it gently. He moaned against my mouth and kissed me even harder as his hand moved slowly over me.

I finally pulled my lips from his. "Oh god, that feels so good." I could barely see him in the dimness of the sleeper; I could tell thought that his eyes were glazed with passion and his lips curled up in a smile. 

"I've seen the way you look at me sometimes." He said quietly as he ran his thumb over the tip of my cock. "I got the impression you might like this."

I was glad it was dark so he couldn't see the blush that covered my cheeks. When he pushed me back onto my back and started kissing his way down my body, I looked at him in surprise. "Wayne, are you sure?"

He had his cheek pressed against my hard cock as he brought his eyes back to mine. "Oh yea." Then before I could say a word, he took the tip of my cock into his mouth sucking hard on it, while he jacked me with his hand.

"Oh fuck Wayne, yea, eat my cock baby." I cried bucking up with my hips as I ran my fingers through his hair.

I could barely make out his head bobbing up and down over me, but I could feel his lips move over me as he ran his tongue all over my hard shaft. I tried to lie still but the sensations he was sending through my body made it near impossible. I started bucking up with my hips as he lowered his mouth over down over me and nibbled at my hard flesh with his teeth. 

I let out a strangled cry when he suddenly let my cock slide down into his throat. I knew then that he had to have done this before.

My cock was leaking like crazy and Wayne was drinking it up. My hips pumped up against him as my hands pressed down on his head. "Fuck, I'm gonna cum." I cried giving him a chance to pull away if he wanted to.

He didn't pull away though; instead he went at my cock even harder then before. His mouth moved furiously over me while his hand was just a blue it was moving so fast. I was so hot there was no way I could stop from cumming. "I'm cummmmiinnnngggg..." I cried as I started shooting into his mouth.

Wayne drank up my cum then dug around my piss slit looking for more before he finally let my cock slip from between his lips. He moved back up over me and brought his lips to mine. I opened my mouth and he let a bit of my cum slide into my mouth which I drank up eagerly then licked out his mouth searching for more.

We kissed for a minute or two before he finally pulled away. His eyes were dark with desire. "You wanna return the favor?" he asked pressing his hard cock against my leg.

I had never seen his cock but from the bulge in his jeans I knew he would be big and my mouth watered at the thought of having that monster in my mouth. "Oh hell yea," I said with a grin.

He kissed me again, and then lay down on his back with his hands behind his head. "I'm all yours baby." He said huskily.

For some reason, just the thought of sucking on him wasn't enough; I wanted to look at him to. I flipped a switch on the wall of the sleeper that coated the small area in a soft glow. I moved my eyes down over his hairy chest to his hard shaft lying against his stomach. My calculations from before hadn't been far off. He was at least 12 inches long and about 2 or 3 inches in diameter.

My mouth watered as I looked at him. Then I heard a chuckle and turned my eyes back to his. "Are you going to look at it all night or suck on it?"

I smiled then dove at his cock. I grabbed it gently in my hand and brought it to my mouth. Knowing I wanted to savor this moment, instead of just diving on him, I ran my tongue all over the base and heard him moan. "Yea, that's it baby." He growled softly.

I licked all the way around the base, slowly working my mouth back up until once again I had reached the tip. Wayne was breathing hard and I felt his hand in my hair as he pushed me against him. "Suck me baby, please."

Never one to deny a man in heat, so to speak; I opened my mouth wide and took him inside. He let out a loud strangled cry as he shoved his hips upwards and almost strangled me as he slid into my throat. He hit bottom and I looked down to see that there were still at least 4 inches of him that I couldn't get in my mouth.

I wrapped my hand around the base, and then slowly moved my head up over him until I was actually able to work him with my mouth. I licked at him lightly and heard him cry out as he sent a load of precum into my mouth.

I moved my head up until I was able to lick up the sweet juices. "Mmmmm..." I moaned around him as I licked it up.

"You like that honey?" he asked running his fingers through my hair.

I lifted my eyes to his as I nodded around him. He just smiled then closed his eyes as I began to go at him with gusto. I bobbed my head furiously up and down over him as I jacked what I couldn't fit. 

I let him slide back into my throat and heard his cries of pleasure. He was breathing hard and slamming his hips up furiously as if he wanted to sink completely into my body.

He gave me a continuous stream of precum which I drank up greedily then was constantly looking for more. My teeth grazed against his sensitive flesh and he growled as he slammed my head hard down over him. "Suck me, oh fuck suck me." He ordered as he forced my head up and down over him.

I moved my free hand down and gently squeezed his balls and he relaxed but not much. I wasn't paying much attention to anything but the huge piece of meat in my mouth, so it came as a surprise when he suddenly spread his legs apart and moved my hand down to his asshole.

I stopped sucking and lifted my eyes to his. They were dark with desire; he nodded and pressed my hand against him. I shrugged my shoulders then pulled my hand away long enough to stick a finger in my mouth next to his cock before I moved it back down between his legs.

He spread his legs further apart while my finger probed looking for his hole, when I found it, I pressed forward and was surprised that my finger slid easily into him. I pressed in completely, then pulled out and pressed in again. 

Wayne was whimpering and thrusting his body against me as I fingered his ass. "Finger my ass baby, oh fuck yes, Agh, oh god, feels so good." He humped his ass against my finger and I slid a second in to match the first.

He went wild at this; he humped furiously against my hand as he coated my mouth with his precum. I drank it up then once again went for more as I slammed my fingers into him. "Fuck, yes, I'm cummmmmmmmiiiinnnngggg..." he screamed a split second before the first load filled my mouth.

I kept my fingers working steadily in his bum hole as I swallowed as fast as I could. Unfortunately it wasn't quite fast enough and I felt some leak through my lips. When he was finally dry, I licked him clean then pulled away. "Damn man." I said with a smile as I licked around my mouth.

Wayne was laying there panting and had a contented smile on his face. "You think that's something, how would you like to fuck me?"

This time I didn't look at him in surprise, I looked at him in pure shock. "Say what?" I asked.

He chuckled as he reached into a nylon bag in the back of the sleeper and came out with a condom and a bottle of lube. He handed both to me then lay back down on his back again. "I want you to stick that hard piece of meat between your legs up my ass."

I looked down at my hard cock then back to him. He had his legs pressed tightly against his chest and his bum hole was open to my gaze. Well I have never been one to look a gift horse in the mouth and believe me, I wasn't about to start now.

I ripped the condom open with my teeth then slid it down my length. It was a tad big but nothing major. I didn't have to worry about it coming off inside him. "Lube up your cock and stick it in me." Wayne said breathlessly.

I squirted some of the lube on my hand then rubbed it over my cock. "Don't you want any in your ass?" I asked as I moved over him and rested my body against his. 

He let go of his legs as my were holding them back and grabbed my greased shaft as he pulled it against his entrance. "Don't need it, just fuck me."

I waited until he moved his hand, and then slammed my hips forward. He grunted but that was about it. His eyes were closed and a smile was on his lips. "Oh yea, been to long. Fuck me big boy."

I pressed in to the hilt then slowly pulled back out; I could feel his muscles tightening around me and groaned at the sensations. I pulled out to the head then slid back into him as he lifted his ass pressing against me. 

"That's it baby, ride that sweet ass. Give me a good fucking." He wrapped his arms around my neck, pulling my lips to his as I started moving faster inside him. My hips pumped driving my cock deep into his body. 

He wasn't really loose but he wasn't very tight either and I was curious about just how many cocks he had up there. Then it didn't matter, he was tightening his muscles around me and my cum was boiling in my balls. 

I started thrusting furiously into him making him howl with pleasure. He lifted his body tightly against mine as he reached between us and started stroking his cock. "Fuck me, I need to cum again so bad."

I leaned even closer to him, making sure to drive deep inside him and brush against his love button each time I impaled him. He was crying and screaming as he jerked at his cock. "Fuck me, Agh, fuck me, I'm cummmmiinnnngggg..." his cock started shooting and I felt his ass tighten around my pistoning rod.

I growled loudly as I buried myself to the hilt and filled the condom. I had never cum as hard as I did that night and believe me, I was glad that condom was a bit big.

When we were both empty, I collapsed against him, rubbing his cum into our bodies as we kissed passionately. My softening cock slipped from his well worked hole and he slowly lowered his legs, wrapping them around my waist. "Thanks baby," he said with a smile as he brushed my hair out of my face. "That was the best fuck I have had in a long time."

I smiled then kissed him again. "You're welcome."

I moved off of him and pulled the soiled condom off. After tying it up, Wayne handed me a bag to put it in. 

Afterwards, we turned off the light and curled up together and fell asleep.

"You want me to fuck you?" He asked.

My ass twitched with the thought of having him inside me. I had only had a couple of cocks in me before and wasn't sure I could take that monster inside me. I wanted him in my ass but I'll be honest, I was scared. "Um...I..." I lifted my eyes to his.

Wayne must have sensed or seen my fear because he smiled at me tenderly before he kissed me softly. "Don't worry, I'll loosen you up and I've got some lube in here that will make you take me easier. Why don't you lie down on your back and pull your legs back against your chest?"

I kissed him back then lay down on my back with my legs pulled tight against my chest. I saw him rummaging in the corner for a minute then he lay down with his face even with my asshole. "Mmmmm...Nice." he said looking at my puckering rosebud.

I closed my eyes as I held onto my legs waiting to see what he would do. At the first touch of his tongue, I shivered as a soft moan escaped my lips. I gasped when he suddenly took my hole between his lips and sucked on it as he dug his tongue into me. I opened my eyes and looked down my body at him but all I could see was the top of his head as he went at my ass.

I tightened my hands on my legs as I cried out as he shoved his tongue up inside me. He moved it in and out like a small cock and I felt my body start to relax. "Mmmmmmm..." He groaned against me as he pulled his tongue from my body.

I moaned in dismay when he pulled his tongue out, then shrieked in surprise when I felt him slide a finger up inside me. "Oh, you're tight. You ever been fucked up the ass before?" He asked pushing his finger further inside me as he lifted his eyes to mine.

I nodded, "a couple of times, but that's about it."

He nodded then lowered his eyes back to his finger sawing in and out of my ass. When his finger brushed against my love button, I jumped while moans escaped my lips. "Hm...I think you like that." He said with a laugh as he did it again.

By the time he had two fingers inside me, I was humping my body against him. My cock was rock hard and resting against my stomach. "Oh fuck, finger my ass that is so good." I moaned pumping my ass against his fingers.

Wayne chuckled then slid three fingers into my willing hole. It was a bit uncomfortable at first, since it had been a while since I had been fucked by it didn't take him long to get me pumping my ass against him again.

Finally he pulled his fingers from me and opened the bottle of lube he had beside him. I felt the bottle press against my opening then a warm, wet sensation slide into me. He worked his fingers back into me as he spread the lube around.

He had squirted it three times in my ass before he seemed satisfied; I felt him pull his fingers out then watched him reach for the condom. He ripped it open with his teeth then slid it down over his length. He squirted more lube on the condom then laid down over me with his cock pressing against my entrance. "You ready baby?"
