 Chapter 2

Since I am telling you my experiences across the country, I'm going to literally go across the country. I figured it would be better to tell you about each state then about each encounter. Plus you won't get confused by me doing a state and you have to go back to see if I had done it yet.

My encounter in Oregon was actually about 10 years ago. I was coming up on my 10 year anniversary of being a long haul driver. Now I can tell you that I had a lot of fun in those ten years, and I did have more then one experience in each state; some times more then three or four. I am only going to tell you one in each state though.

Anyway, I had just dropped a load just outside of Portland and since it was the weekend, they couldn't get me a run out until Monday. I stopped at a truck stop and got me a room, then decided to see what I could find in the local gay scene.

After dinner, I flipped through the phone book. A friend of mine had told me about a few gay bars and I wanted to see if any of them were within walking distance. I found one that was only a couple blocks away so I showered, shaved and dressed for the night ahead.

I discovered two things when I entered the bar an hour later. It was definitely a gay bar as there were men dancing and kissing, I also discovered that it was primarily overrun with cowboys. I have never seen so many cowboy hats as I did when I walked into that place.

As I looked around, I didn't see anyone just sitting off by themselves. Most of the men in the place either were with someone or were in a group. I thought about leaving, but since this was the only place within walking distance of where I was staying. I figured I would have a drink and see what developed.

Walking up to the bar, I ordered a beer and smiled at the bartender. He smiled back then lifted his left hand showing a gold wedding band. "Straight or gay?" I asked with a smile as I took a drink of my beer.

He smiled again. "My husband and I have been together about 4 years. He nodded to a man standing at the end of the bar talking to another man. 

I had to admit the bartender had good taste. He was about 5'10" and 150lbs, his reddish blonde hair was brushed neatly back from his face. I couldn't see his eyes though as he had his back to me.

I lifted my beer to the bartender then nodded. "You've got a good one there." He just grinned.

I had been there about an hour when I saw him. He walked in with two other guys. Like everyone else in the place, he was dressed in blue jeans, a western shirt and cowboy boots. He even had the hat, although he wasn't wearing it and I got a good look at his shoulder length auburn hair. He also had a neatly trimmed mustache and beard. Now I should tell you that normally I prefer guys who are clean shaven, but something about this guy made my cock stand up and take notice.

I saw the bartender nod to the three men then watched as they moved towards a table. "You know them?" I asked taking a drink of my third beer.

The bartender (I found out his name was Robbie and he was 26.) smiled at me. "Yea, that's Russ, his boyfriend Carl and Russ's Brother Oliver. Oliver just came out about a year ago."

I moved my eyes back to the men, they were sitting down at the table and it was kind of obvious who was who since two of the men were sitting next to each other and one of them had his arm around the other's shoulder. 

"Oliver is 23," Robbie said against my ear. I turned to look at him. "And he's single." Robbie smiled showing a row of perfect white teeth.

I smiled back as I took another drink. "Do you think he would argue if I bought him a beer?"

Robbie shrugged, "who knows? All you can do is try."

I laid some money on the bar then watched as the waiter took the beer over to Oliver. The man looked surprised then looked over at me. I lifted my beer in salute then watched him. He said something to the two men he was with then stood up and walked towards me. 

My breathing quickened as he moved towards me. I swear he was better looking up close then from a distance. It turned out he had emerald green eyes and they were checking me out.

I watched his hand carrying the beer as he moved towards me in case he decided to dump it on me. He stopped right in front of me. "Is this from you?" He asked with a soft deep voice that sent shivers through my body.

"Yea."

He smiled, "thanks." He took a drink of the beer then set it on the bar beside me. "I'm Oliver."

I breathed a sigh of relief. "I'm Jake."

Oliver ran his eyes over me again, before he brought them back to mine. "Wanna dance?"

Now I am the first to admit that I have two left feet when it comes to dancing, but there was a slow song playing and the thought of holding this hunk in my arms. Well... "Sure." I set my beer on the bar then let him lead me out to the dance floor. 

He wrapped his arms around my neck as he rested his head against my chest. We swayed to the music and my body sang as I felt his powerful muscles pressed against me.

Afterwards, we gathered up our beers and went back to the table. We talked to his brother and his brother's boyfriend while Oliver pressed his body against mine. When I moved my arm over his shoulders, he melted against me. 

We sat there talking for a while; Oliver even got me back on the dance floor a couple of times. I explained that I was a long haul truck driver and would probably only be in town for the weekend. When I suggested to Oliver that we go back to my hotel, he jumped at it.

We said goodbye to the guys then left the bar. We had walked maybe a block when I knew I had to see what his lips tasted like. I led him off the street into a small alley and pressed him up against the wall. He looked at me in surprise at first, and then melted against me when I pressed my lips against his.

His arms wrapped around me as he returned the kiss. I moaned into his mouth as I ground my cock against his. "Let's go, I need you bad." He sighed pulling his lips from mine. I saw his eyes were glazed with desire and knew he needed me as much as I needed him.

We were barely inside my hotel when he started pulling at my clothes. We didn't make it to the bed, before he had my jeans open, down around my knees and his mouth on my cock. 

I moaned loudly tangling my hands in his hair as he sucked at my cock. His tongue whipped over my flesh while his head bobbed up and down over me. I couldn't stop my hips from pressing forward, driving my cock deeper into his mouth. "Fuck yea, suck it." I growled pulling his face tightly against me as I fucked his face. "Suck it good baby, and I'll give you a nice reward."

He groaned around my cock, driving harder at it as his hand gently cupped my balls. I felt his hand wrap around them and fucked his face harder and faster. "Oh god, so good, eat my cock baby." I fucked his face forcefully but he never once pulled away. 

He went at it with gusto. His tongue was flying over me, as he moved his mouth up and down violently over me. It came as a surprise to both of us when I suddenly started shooting in his sucking mouth. He didn't pull away though, he drank up every drop of my juices then dug around for any he had missed.

I was breathing heavily when he finally let my cock slip from between his lips. "You taste good baby." He said with a smile as he licked his lips.

I pulled him to his feet and claimed his mouth with mine as I pushed him backwards towards the bed. When his legs brushed against it, he fell back onto it, pulling me down with him.

We kissed passionately for a minute before I slowly pulled away. "I want to taste you." I said against his lips.

He smiled at me, "It's all yours babe." I kissed him again then opened his shirt, running my mouth all over his chest. When I took one of his nipples into my mouth, sucking gently on it, he moaned while pushing his chest up against me.

I sucked at one nipple, then the other before I kissed my way down his stomach. I pulled his jeans open then slid them down his body. He lifted his ass so I could pull them down then moved my mouth back up. 

I stopped to look at his hard cock. It was about 8 inches long and 3 inches in diameter. There was a string of precum hanging from the tip. I licked at it and felt him shiver. "Oh take me in your mouth baby. Please." He begged grabbing my head and trying to pull me over his cock.

I shook my head out of his grasp then leaned down, running my tongue up his shaft. Oliver moaned and closed his eyes; his hands gripped the blanket beneath him. I took his balls gently into my mouth and heard his cry of surprise. I sucked gently at his balls as I lifted my eyes to his. 

His eyes were wide open and he was watching me. I soaked his balls with my saliva then slowly let them slide from my mouth. "I take it no one has sucked on your balls before." I said taking his cock in my hand.

"N-No...I've only been with one man and he didn't do that." He bucked his hips upward as I slowly jacked his cock.

I licked the tip of his cock and heard him moan. "You ever been fucked up the ass?"

"Yea, he was really into that." He moaned closing his eyes as I licked his shaft like an ice cream cone.

I licked all around his cock then looked at him again. "Hm...I'm hungry."

He slowly opened his eyes then closed them again as I took his cock into my hungry mouth. I started out slowly, running my tongue over the tip as I slid my mouth down over him.

Oliver whimpered as I slowly loved his shaft with my mouth. His hips bucked upwards as I moved down over him and suddenly I felt him slide into my throat. I massaged him with my muscles, making him cry out as he squirted precum down my throat.

I pulled my head back, sucking more forcefully at him as I slowly jacked the part I didn't have in my mouth. When he squirted again, I was able to taste it before swallowing. It tasted salty but sweet; I liked it so I went harder at him. My mouth bobbed up and down over him as I whipped my tongue over his flesh.

Oliver humped violently against me as he whimpered in pleasure. When I slid a finger into his bum hole, I was rewarded with a mouthful of his delicious juices as he suddenly let go. "Fuck, I'm cummmmiinnnngggg..." He cried as I swallowed his juices.

I kept my finger working in his love hole as I milked his cock. He cried out as he came in my mouth. Finally when I had it all, I cleaned him up, and then let him slip from my mouth. He was lying on his back with his eyes closed when I lay down beside him and kissed him gently.

He opened his eyes slowly and smiled at me. "So, what do you want to do now?" He asked with a boyish grin.

I ran my finger over his mustache and kissed him again. "Hm...I'm debating on whether I want to fuck you or have you fuck me."

When my finger brushed against his closed lips, he nipped at it playfully. "Well to be honest, I'm not very big on being the top in a relationship. I prefer being the bottom."

I thought about that for a minute. "So you would rather I fucked you then?"

He nodded while smiling at me.

I kissed him again, and then pulled away. "Okay, works for me."

I moved off the bed and grabbed a bag I had gotten from the corner market before I went to the bar. I pulled a package of condoms and a bottle of lube out of it and put them on the bed beside him. Then I lay down between his spread legs.

I pushed his legs back and Oliver grabbed them, pulling them tightly against his chest. I lowered my eyes to his rosebud winking at me. My mouth watered as I looked at it. Lowering my head, I ran my tongue over the tender flesh and felt more then heard Oliver's moan.

Pointing my tongue, I pressed against the opening to his ass. My tongue slid in easily and I let it explore his insides. 

Oliver whimpered in pleasure as he pressed himself against me. "Oh yea man, eat my ass. Your tongue feels so good inside me." He cried pressing against me as his hands dug into his legs.

I pressed my tongue as far into him as I could, and then slowly pulled it back out only to penetrate him once more. He went crazy as I slowly tonguefucked him. He pressed his ass tightly against me as cries escaped his mouth. "Oh fuck, yes, tongue me you bastard." He cried.

I tonguefucked him for another minute then pulled my tongue out of his ass. He whimpered in dismay but I ignored him. I opened the bottle of lube and pressed it tightly against his opening. 

I felt his eyes on me as I squeezed the bottle sending some of it up inside him. "Mmmm..." he moaned closing his eyes as he felt the wetness coat his insides.

I sent another amount into his bum hole then pulled the bottle away. I watched as some of the lube started to leak out. I slowly slid two fingers inside him and moved them around coating his insides with the warm liquid. Oliver's head was shaking on the bed as he humped his body against my probing fingers. "Oh yea," he moaned huskily.

I slowly fingered his ass, making sure to spread the lube evenly all over inside him. My finger brushed against his love-button and he jumped while he moaned deep in his throat.

I pulled my fingers out and squirted more lube inside him. This time I slid three fingers inside. He tensed for a moment and whimpered but it wasn't long before he was humping against my hand. As my fingers slid smoothly deep inside his ass, I knew he was ready for my cock.

I pulled my fingers out of him and wiped them on the blanket, before I ripped open the condom and slid it down over my hard length. He watched me in surprise as I lay down beside him on the bed, our heads almost touching. "Roll over on your side away from me baby." I said huskily as I pressed against his hip.

He looked at me in confusion for a moment then obeyed. He rested on his left side while I pressed my body tightly against his back. I lifted his leg and brought it over my hip as I positioned my cock at his entrance. I rubbed it back and forth for a minute before I lined it up with his eager hole. Wrapping my arm around his chest, I slowly pushed forward with my hips, impaling him on my hard rod.

"Fuck, you're big." He moaned holding himself still while I slowly penetrated his body.

I continued pumping my hips forward, slowly feeding him my length as my hand moved to his nipple. I flicked my nail over it and heard him moan. 

My lips moved to his neck, licking and nipping at the tender flesh as I slowly thrust into him. When he had all of me, I stopped to give him a chance to get used to it. "Oh god, I feel so fucking full." He growled reaching down to his ass. He could feel my balls pressing against him.

I chuckled against his ear right before I kissed it. "You are baby, you're full of me." I slowly pulled out of him. He moaned as I left his body then moaned louder when I slowly pushed back in.

He held himself still at first; just letting me thrust into him, while he tightened his muscles around my hard cock. I whispered in his ear how much I loved his ass. How good it felt wrapped around my hard heat.

He moaned loudly and pressed himself tightly against me. After a few minutes of me slowly fucking him, he started to fuck me back. When I pulled out, he would push back while when I thrust into him, he would pull back. We set up a smooth rhythm with both of us moaning like crazy as our bodies moved together.

His leg tightened around my hip as he slowly fucked himself on my hard cock. "Oh fuck me, it feels so good." He whimpered reaching down and grasping his own hard meat.

I watched him jack himself for a minute while I slowly reamed his ass. Then I pushed his hand out of the way and captured his cock in my hand, my hand slowly matching the movements of my cock in his ass.

Oliver was breathing heavily as I slowly fucked him. "Fuck, Agh, oh god, it is so good. I've never been fucked like this before." He rested his head back against my chest as he closed his eyes. "Fuck me harder baby. I need to cum so bad."

I pushed his body until he was laying half on his side and half on his stomach. Keeping my hand wrapped around his hard cock, I started slamming hard and fast in his willing ass. "Fuck yes," he growled burying his face in the blanket. "Oh fuck me. God ream my fucking ass baby."

My breath came out in pants as I took him forcefully. I could feel my balls slapping against him everytime I pushed into him. My hand was flying over his cock as I milked it for its juices. "Cum for me baby. Cum all over your chest for me." I growled huskily against his ear as I moved my hips faster and harder, burying my cock further inside him then before.

"Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk..." He cried ramming his ass tightly against me as his cock started shooting. He coated the blanket beneath him but I didn't notice. I was more interested in the fact that his ass was tightening around my pistoning cock. 

"Yea that's it, milk my cock baby." I released his cock and pushed him so he was lying on his stomach in his own cum. I pressed him flat against the bed as I hammered his ass reaching for my own release. Oliver was crying in pleasure, his ass pistoning back against me. 

"Fuck mmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeee..." He screamed as I slammed repeatedly into him.

I felt my cum boiling in my balls, then suddenly it was shooting up through my shaft. "Fuck I'm cummmmiinnnngggg..." I cried burying myself completely inside him as my balls let go.

Oliver screamed and pressed himself tightly against me as he tightened his ass muscles around my spasming rod. 

"Oh fuck." I growled as I felt him tighten around me. "That was so good." I collapsed against his back, my softening cock barely lodged inside him. I kissed his neck then his lips as he turned his head to meet mine. "So you want to stay the weekend?" I asked against his lips.

He smiled. "Hm...If you keep fucking me like that, you may never get rid of me."

Kissing him softly, I chuckled as I pulled the spent condom from his well fucked ass.

We spent the time I was in town pretty much in bed. I got his ass so many times that we were beginning to wonder if he would ever be able to sit down again.

I never saw Oliver again after that magical weekend. I ran into his brother a couple of months later who told me that Oliver had met someone and was settling down. 

I was bummed because I did enjoy fucking him, but I knew that I couldn't give him a life with me so maybe he was better off in the long run. 

Chapter 3 

Now California was an interesting experience. I had been driving for about 2 years when this encounter happened. I was just outside of Sacramento and had dropped off a load of lumber. I stopped at a truck stop for dinner and just to unwind before I headed out to pick up my next load. Like the load with Wayne in Seattle I was going to have to wait till morning to pick it up and I was debating about just getting a hotel room for the night.

I had finished my meal and was heading back out to the semi when I heard a strange noise coming from the side of my truck. Running, I saw a snot nosed little punk trying to jimmy the door. 

Running up, I grabbed him around the waist and pulled him forcefully against my chest as he struggled to get away. "Let me go." He cried dropping the tool he was using to open the door.

"Oh I don't think so." I growled against his ear. "What I ought to do is call the cops."

He stopped struggling and held himself still in my arms. I could tell that the thought of me calling the cops terrified him. "Please, don't do that. I'll do anything you want." He said softly.

I held him against me as I ran my hand down over his body. When my hand brushed against his cock, he flinched. Reaching down, I cupped his cock in my hand. "I'm sure we can work something out." I replied huskily as I pressed my own cock against his ass.

"I-I'm not gay." He said fearfully as I pressed him against the side of the truck. I held him easily with one hand as I unlocked then opened the door with the other. 
