 Chapter 6: Isaac hitchhiked his way into my bed,/b>

Now Idaho was an interesting experience as well. I was just outside Boise on my way to Montana and it was a dark and cold night. The windshield wipers were protesting as they worked their way across the window trying to push the rain off the glass.

For those of you keeping track, this encounter took place about 4 years ago. I hadn't been with anyone in over a week and to be honest with you, I was feeling pretty randy if I do say so myself.

As it was, I almost missed the guy standing on the side of the road with his hand out. Luckily for him and for myself as well, I did happen to notice him standing there shivering and pulled over to the side of the road.

I watched through the side view mirror as he ran up to the side of the truck and climbed up into the passenger seat. "Thanks man," he said shaking his dirty blonde hair out of his eyes as he climbed into the cab and closed the door beside him. "I was beginning to think I was gonna be out there all night."

I just smiled at him as I pulled back onto the quiet street. "Hell of a night to be out hitchhiking." I commented as I took a drink of my coffee.

He just shrugged. "Yea, well it happens to the best of us."

I looked over at him again; I figured he was maybe in his early 20's with dirty blonde hair and sea green eyes. His slender build was covered with a pair of ratty jeans and a denim jacket covering a t-shirt with the name of some heavy metal band on the front. His cowboy boots looked like they had definitely seen better days. "There's coffee in the thermos." I told him pointing to the thermos lying on the floor between the two seats.

He looked over at me then shrugged again. "Thanks," he picked up the thermos and poured some of the hot coffee into the lid before bringing it to his lips.

We drove in silence for a couple of minutes before I looked over at him again. "My name's Jake." I said.

He glanced at me again and swallowed his drink of coffee before he said anything. "Isaac." He said more into the cup then to me.

I nodded as I looked back at the deserted road. "What are you doing hitchhiking Isaac?" I asked not looking at him.

"Don't have a home to go to." he said looking out the window.

This made me look at him, but he was looking out at the dark sky. I examined him with my eyes for another minute before I looked back at the road in front of me. "Well, I'm heading to Montana; you're welcome to tag along."

I glanced back over at him and caught the shrug of his shoulders. As I looked back at the road, I couldn't hold back the smile.

We drove in silence for a couple of hours, when suddenly his voice startled me. "Jake?"

I looked over at him. "Yea?"

His bright green eyes were tired. "Would it be okay if I climbed in the back and got some sleep? It's been a long couple of days."

I reached out and squeezed his shoulder. "Sure, I'm gonna pull over here in about an hour or so. As long as you don't mind sharing the sleeper with me." I waited for the shrug, but it didn't come. Instead he smiled.

"Sure, why not." He smiled at me again, and then climbed between the seats and into the sleeper. I heard him moving around then all was silent. I turned on the radio to distract me from the sounds of his quiet snores.

An hour later, I pulled over to the side of the road and shut down the truck. My eyes were burning from tiredness. After 10 hours on the road, I was ready for 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep. 

As I climbed into the sleeper, I glanced over at Isaac. He was laying on his back wearing nothing but a pair of boxers that had holes in them. I saw his cock lying soft against him through one of the holes and had to force myself not to reach out and touch it.

I climbed over him and lay down on my own back without bothering to undress. I felt my cock harden in my pants and sighed. It was going to be a long night.

I think I dozed for a while, when I opened my eyes the sleeper was dark and it took me a minute to figure out what had woken me up.

I was about to drift back off when I felt a warm mouth envelop my cock. I gasped and moaned at the same time as I felt the mouth move down over me while a soft hand cupped my balls. "Oh fuck, yea." I moaned in the darkness as I bucked my hips towards the eager mouth.

As soon as he realized I was awake, I expected Isaac to pull away. He didn't though; instead he went at my cock harder then before. His tongue whipped over my hard flesh, while he bobbed his head up and down over me. His hands gently squeezed my balls and I couldn't hold back the moan even if I wanted to. "Isaac, yea man, suck that cock." I moaned reaching down and grasping his head to push him down over me.

"Mmmmmmm..." He moaned around my cock as he worked his magic with his mouth. 

I started panting like crazy and leaking precum like it was coming out of a faucet as I slowly bucked up with my hips. When I felt him push me into his throat, I almost lost control. "Shit, you are definitely no amateur." I panted as I felt his muscles massage my hard flesh.

He just moaned again and continued to suck hard at me. I knew it wouldn't be long until I filled his hot mouth with my load. "Suck me baby; make me cum in that hot mouth." I cried as I started fucking his face furiously.

He held his head still while I fucked his face and I could heard the sound of a hand slapping against flesh. I figured he was jacking his own cock while he sucked me.

When I felt his hand leave my balls and slide down further between my spread legs, I spread my legs further apart and lifted my ass a bit to give him access. He seemed surprised at first but didn't stop his actions. Instead he went at my cock with more gusto while his finger searched out my hole. 

"Yea baby, finger my ass while you suck me. Oh fuck, keep it up baby, I'm going to cum."

When I felt his finger slide inside me and start slowly moving in and out, I knew I couldn't hold back. I gripped his head hard while I slammed my cock deep into his mouth as I shot off. "Fuck, I'm cummmiiiinnngggg..." I cried as my seed went down his throat.

Isaac pulled back a bit over me as I continued to shoot into his hungry mouth and I heard his strangled cry a second before I felt his seed splash against my leg.

"Yea baby, cum for daddy." I panted as I emptied my balls. When I was empty, I felt his tongue move slowly over my softening flesh then he slowly let my cock leave his mouth.

"Damn Jake, you taste good." He said moving up over me and locking his lips on mine.

I wrapped my arms around him as I returned the kiss. When he wrapped his own arms around me, I rolled us over until he was lying on his back. Without breaking the kiss, I reached up and flipped on the light, then looked down into his eyes. "How did you know?"

He smiled at me in the dim light. "That you were gay? I didn't. I was hoping you were though; I was hard as hell for you from the minute I climbed into the truck. You surprised me when you got into it so much. Most guys will let me suck them off but they aren't into the whole ass thing. You sure were though."

I smiled back at him as I ran my fingers lightly over his chest. There was a small spattering of hair over his chest and leading down over his stomach to his crotch. I moved my eyes down over his body and licked my lips. "What can I say?" I asked with a smile as I reached out and grasped his still hard cock in my hand. "I love having a hard cock up my ass as much as I love sticking my cock in another guy."

Isaac closed his eyes and moaned as I ran my hand lightly over his length. "Fuck, Agh, oh yea, that feels good man."

I lowered my eyes to my hand. I guessed he was about 8 and half inches hard and my mouth watered at the thought of that hard flesh in my mouth. Leaning down, I dropped open mouth kisses all over his chest and stomach. 

I heard his breath deepen as I moved slowly down his body and heard a soft gasp leave his lips when I brushed my cheek against him. I lifted my eyes to his and smiled at the glazed look in his. "You gonna suck me Jake?" he asked softly as he licked his dry lips.

I licked my own lips as I smiled at him. "I was thinking about it. You do look good enough to eat."

He moaned loudly as I lowered my mouth and took the head of his cock between my lips. "Fuck, oh Jake, yea man." he panted grasping my head and pushing me down over him.

I let him push my head down as I took more of his length into my hungry mouth. When I felt his cock slide into my throat and his pubic bush press against my nose, I moaned loudly around him. Isaac was panting and whimpering as I massaged him with my throat muscles.

I worked my throat around him for a minute, enjoying the sounds of pleasure that were escaping from his lips. Finally, unable to hold back anymore, I lifted my head as I let my tongue whip furiously over his tender flesh. "Fuck, oh god, what are you doing to me?" Isaac cried bucking forcefully up with his hips as I went to town on his hard flesh.

His hands tangled in my hair, holding me tightly against him as he fucked my face. "Eat me, fucking eat me. I'm gonna cum." he cried slamming his hips upwards as I drove down over him. I grazed his hard flesh with my teeth and heard a strangled cry right before he sent the first load shooting into my mouth.

I swallowed quickly, and just barely made room for the second load as he shoved my face down over him. "Oh god, yes." he cried holding me tightly against his body.

I drank up his yummy juice, and then reluctantly pulled away. Keeping a bit of his cum in my mouth, I moved over him and kissed him deeply. He sighed with pleasure when I shared his cum with him. 

Afterwards, I reached up, turning off the light and pulled him gently into my arms. "Get some sleep." I said softly. My only response was a low snore.

The next time I awoke, there was sunlight streaming in through the curtain separating the sleeper from the front of the cab. Isaac was laying with his head resting on my chest while he had one leg thrown over mine. I hated to bother him but I had to get this load going, plus I had to take a wicked piss.

Slowly I moved out from under him then pulled my jeans and shoes on, then climbed into the front of the truck. I started the truck up, then climbed out and took care of my business while I let the truck warm up.

Afterwards, I climbed back into the driver's seat and began driving again.

I had been on the road about 15 minutes when I heard a sleepy good morning. Turning, I watched as Isaac climbed into the passenger seat wearing nothing but his shorts. I smiled as I looked back at the road in front of me. "As much as I like the view, if you are gonna be up here, you should put some clothes on."

He chuckled as he reached over and squeezed my leg. "Sure thing. Are we close to a town or something? I really gotta go."

Again I glanced over at him. I could see his cock was rock hard and figured that maybe we could make a side trip this morning. When I looked at him again though, I could tell that sex was the last thing on his mind. Sighing, I looked back out at the clear day. "We should be coming up on one. Why don't you go get dressed? I'll see if I can find a truck stop and we'll stop for breakfast."

He smiled gratefully at me, and then climbed back into the sleeper. A few minutes later, I pulled into a TA truck stop parking lot, while he climbed back into the passenger seat.

Over breakfast I got Isaac to open up a bit about himself. My first estimation about his age wasn't far off. He had actually just turned 20 and been on the road since he was 18. 

His parents had kicked him out of the house when they came home to find him with his cock buried up his best friend's ass. He hadn't seen his sister since that day and admitted that he missed her like crazy. 

He pretty much just hitchhiked from town to town, doing odd jobs here and there for food and whatever else he needed. I sat quietly while he talked about his life. "Must be hard." I commented as I sat back and took a drink of my coffee.

He looked at me and shrugged. "It's not so bad after all. I mean some of the guys who gave me rides weren't the greatest." He smiled at me. "But then again, some are."

I smiled back and just finished my coffee.

We spent the rest of the day on the road just talking. He told me about the places he had seen and the people he had met. He asked what it was like to be a truck driver and I explained that it could be lonely sometimes but I enjoyed it.

By the time I pulled into a rest area for the night, it was obvious from the look on Isaac's face that he wanted to pick up where we left off the night before.

While he went to the bathroom and cleaned up, I shut down the truck. When he came back, I took my turn at the restroom.

When I returned to the truck and climbed into the sleeper, I couldn't help but smile. Isaac was lying on his side, slowly stroking his cock while he looked at one of my naughty magazines. "See anything in there you like?" I asked while I stripped out of my clothes.

He looked up at me with a smile. "Yea, there are some good looking guys in here." He closed the magazine, and then let his eyes drift over my body. He moved to his knees and wrapped his arms around me as his lips found mine.

I kissed him back, as I wrapped my own arms around him and pressed him gently backwards until he was lying on his back on the bed. We kissed deeply for a minute or two, our hands moving slowly over each others bodies. Finally he pulled away. "Jake?" he asked huskily.

I moved my lips down over his neck. "Hmmmm..."

"Will you fuck me?"

I lifted my eyes to his and could see the fire in them. "Sure, if that's what you want."

He kissed me again, and then grasped my cock in his hand, squeezing gently. "That's what I want."

I moaned as he squeezed my hard cock, and then slowly pulled away. I grabbed a bottle of lube and a condom out of my bag then brought them over to him. He had moved onto his hands and knees with his ass facing me. "Fuck me." he said huskily looking over his shoulder at me.

I let my eyes drift down over his body and rested on his bubble butt. My mouth watered as I looked at him. "Hm..." I said softly as I moved in behind him. I spread his butt cheeks with my fingers and looked at his puckered hole. There was a light dusting of hair covering him and I knew I had to taste him.

"Oh fuck," he moaned when he felt my tongue touch his ass. "What are you doing?" He panted as I licked around his opening.

I didn't answer; instead, I pointed my tongue and pressed gently against his ass. When I felt him relax, I pushed forward again until my tongue was buried up inside him. "Ugh." he groaned shoving back against me. "Tongue my ass man, oh yes."

I moaned against him as my tongue slithered all over his insides. He tasted clean which surprised me considering he had been hitchhiking, but I didn't argue. Instead, I used my tongue like a small cock, pushing deep into him and hearing his cries of pleasure. "Fuck, oh Jake, yea man. Tongue my ass, it feels so good." He panted as his fingers dug into the blanket while he shoved his ass back against me.

I kept my tongue buried inside him for a minute, then slowly pulled it away. He whimpered in dismay when I pulled back then groaned loudly when I suddenly replaced my tongue with my finger. "You like that?" I asked huskily as I watched my finger slide smoothly in and out of him.

Isaac lowered his head against the bed. "Oh yea, It feels so good man." His breath was coming out raggedly and I could see his cock was leaking precum like it was a water faucet. 

I kept my finger working slowly inside him as I reached between his legs and grasped his hard meat. He gave a strangled cry as I slowly began to stroke him. "Oh fuck, oh god, ugh, oh yea." He moaned closing his eyes in pleasure as he bucked against me. "It is so good."

I slipped a second finger into his tight hole and heard his gasp of surprise. He looked at me over his shoulder, and then slowly closed his eyes as I worked my digits inside him. "Oh man, fuck my ass." he begged slamming forcefully back against me.

I kept my hand working steadily on his cock as I wormed my fingers in his bum hole. By the time I had three fingers lodged up inside him; Isaac was screaming and begging me to fuck him. "Fuck me Jake; stick your cock up my ass. Please man. I need it so bad."

I pulled my hand off his cock and worked open the condom package with my teeth while I kept my fingers moving steadily in his ass. I brushed against his love button each time I pushed in and heard his cries. "Fuck me." he screamed slamming his ass back against me so hard, he almost knocked me on my ass.

After putting on the condom and then lubing it up, I reluctantly pulled my fingers from his body. He looked over his shoulder at me as I moved up on my knees behind him. "Oh yea, fuck me." he panted.

I looked into his glazed eyes as I positioned my cock at his entrance. "You want me?"

He smiled as he pushed backwards, pulling half of me inside him. I closed my eyes and moaned as pleasure coursed through me. "I'll take that as a yes." I grunted as I slapped my hips forward and buried myself completely into his willing hole.

It wasn't easy to figure out who moaned louder as I impaled him completely. Leaning down over his back, I started kissing his neck as I slowly withdrew to the head, only to force my way back inside. Isaac was crying out in desire and pleasure as I rammed my cock hard into him. "Fuck me Jake, make me cum on your hard cock." he cried slamming his body back against me.

"God, your ass is so tight." I panted as I fed him my length. His ass tightened and loosened as I rode him hard and fast. "Isaac, oh fuck, Agh, yea, such a good ass." I reached beneath him and grasped his nipples, stroking them roughly with my nail and was rewarded with a loud cry from his throat. "Fuck me, I'm going to cum." he screamed.

I hadn't realized it before, but when I leaned over him, his upper body lowered to the bed and one of his hands had moved beneath him and he had been steadily stroking his cock. "Jerk it baby." I panted as I leaned back and grasped his hips as I forcefully drove into him. "Cum all over the blanket for me. I need to feel you tighten around me."

He opened his eyes and looked back at me as his hand moved like a blur over his hard flesh. "Fuck me baby, I'm Cummmmmiiiiiinnnnnggg..." he closed his eyes in ecstasy as his cock suddenly erupted.

I felt his ass muscles tighten around me and my cries suddenly drowned out his as I let go. I buried myself to the hilt inside him and filled the condom. I came so much that I was afraid the condom wouldn't hold it all.

Finally I collapsed against him, trying to catch my breath. "Fuck that was fantastic." I panted against his back.

He turned his head and kissed me softly. "Still want me to go to Montana with you?"

I looked down at him and smiled. "Babe, you can go to the ends of the Earth and back with me if you want to. As long as I can have your ass, I would die a happy man."

He just grinned.

Isaac did end up going to Montana with me. It took longer then it should have for the trip, but I still think looking back it was worth it. I set him up with a friend of mine in Montana and the three of us had some fun while I was there. But that dear readers, is another story.

Chapter 7: The stripper of my heart

Hello again; now Montana was an experience I will never forget. I did tell you that I dropped Isaac off with a friend in Montana. Well the friends name is Marty and he happens to be a stripper. I'm not going to tell you about what happened when Isaac met Marty. Oh no, I'm going to tell you about when I did. 

If you have been reading my story from the beginning, then you know that I said; I have never been in love. Well this isn't entirely true. I came really close with Marty. Read on and maybe you will understand.
