 Vernon arrives at the city as Rafael wakes, the streets are busy and he finds he has to canter, this frustrates him as he wants to get back to his son as soon as possible. Before long they arrive at the gates to the palace and he approaches a guard.

"I bring the son of Aljeron," he says.

"Be off with you, Aljeron doesn't have a son," the guard says.

Rafael doesn't have time for Vernon to argue with the guards so he grabs the reigns and suddenly the horse bolts past them.

"AFTER THEM!" the guard shouts.

They gallop up the steps and into a grand hall. Vernon is impressed with it's high vaulted ceiling and stained glass windows. At the far end is a large stair case curving round on both sides of the hall and meeting on a balcony above. Rafael steers the horse up the stair case and through a large door at the top. They find themselves in another large hall with a large door at the far end. Vernon looks back and sees guards chasing them. As they reach the door, Rafael pulls up the horse, dismounts and runs for the doors, Vernon quickly follows. As Rafael flings open the doors, Vernon can see a large bed chamber with tall windows on the far wall looking out over a spectacular garden. In the centre is a large ornate fourposter bed, and on it an old man. Rafael quickly closes the doors and locks them as the guards arrive, they can hear them banging on the door.

Rafael then turns to run to the bed but suddenly is unable to move, Vernon is also paralysed.

"So you finally made it," A voice says.

They can't turn their heads to see who is talking.

"What a pity it's been a wasted effort," an old man hunched over walks into view, it's Gloon. "You see, Aljeron is already dead, you're too late," he cackles gesturing towards the bed.

Vernon's heart sinks, "Who are you? Why are you doing this?" Vernon is relieved he can still speak.

"My name is Gloon, and I am Aljeron's high lord, the highest position bestowed to anyone in his kingdom. Oh and if you haven't already guessed I am also a sorcerer," he says. "As to why I am doing this, well I have been second fiddle to this old man for too long now. You see I'm his brother and by rights the kingdom should be passed on to me, that is until I learned he had a son." He glares at Rafael.

"Its a shame all his powers have gone to waste, what a pity he wouldn't let me have them, but no matter I don't need them as I will now be claiming the kingdom," he says sounding triumphant.

"I thought Soltan is trying to claim the kingdom?" Vernon asks.

"Oh my dear boy, you don't understand do you? Soltan is my son, and when I pass away he will indeed claim the kingdom along with my powers."

Vernon's heart sinks lower, all the effort he put in to get Rafael here, seems to be for nothing. He pictures his son being tortured by Soltan and tears start to well in his eyes.

"Hmm your a good looking man, I think I may just have you as my personal slave," Gloon says laughing.

Suddenly Gloon's face drops and he starts floating off the ground.

"Over my dead body," A voice comes from the bed.

"What! I thought you was dead!" Gloon says.

"That's just what I wanted you to believe," Aljeron says. The grey haired old man has his arms outstretched to Gloon manipulating his powers over him. "You see I knew you was up to something but I wasn't sure, now I know." He makes a gesture with his hands and Gloon suddenly shrinks. There on the floor where he once stood is a mouse, it scurries off under the bed. Rafael and Vernon are able to move now.

"Come here son," Aljeron beckons to Rafael.

Rafael climbs up onto the bed and lying down next to Aljeron kisses him tenderly on the cheek.

"I'd like to thank you for bringing my son to me, I assume my good friend Sheerkan couldn't make it?" Aljeron asks .

"No sir, he met his death and I took on his quest," Vernon replies.

"Ah, a sad loss, he was such a dear friend, I know you will miss him my boy," he says stroking Rafael's hair, "You did well, Rafael will reward you handsomely," he says to Vernon, "but now my time is at an end. Rafael take my hand."

Rafael takes the old mans hand and he starts to chant some words, suddenly Rafael begins to float above him facing up. Aljeron keeps chanting and Rafael begins to glow, his body seems to be changing and his cock is fully erect. Vernon watches in amazement as bolts of electricity fly from Aljeron and into Rafael causing him to jerk as each bolt hits him. After a minute or so Rafael cries out startling Vernon at hearing his voice for the first time. Just then he ejaculates showering his body in his cum, there is so much, much more than he has ever seen Rafael cum before. Then Rafael rotates so he is standing on the bed and everything stops, Aljeron slumps and seems to be lifeless.

Vernon looks in wonder at Rafael, he is taller, his body now defined with muscles, no longer a boy but a full blown adonis of a man and an incredibly handsome one too. He turns back to Aljeron then kneeling over him kisses him on the forehead.

"Goodbye father," he says.

"You can speak!" Vernon says shocked.

Rafael turns to Vernon smiling, "My being mute was only temporary, it's to stop me from chanting incantations that could give away my existence." He scoops up the cum off his chest and licks it off his hand. "Mmm, I do like the taste of my cum." So does Vernon but he doesn't say so.

Rafael walks over to a bowl and pitcher on a cabinet, he pours the water and washes the cum off his body. He then picks up a robe from the cabinet and puts it on, it's light and see through and his naked form is clearly visible through it. It is also adorned with gold embroidery with a large emblem on the back.

"Now you decide to wear clothes?" Vernon says.

Rafael giggles, "Well actually it's what lets people know I'm king." He walks up to Vernon, "I have to thank you for all your help, I could never have made it alone," and he kisses him lightly on the lips.

"Bain! The others!" Vernon exclaims suddenly stepping back.

"Yes we need to get to them but first there is something I need to do. Follow me."

Rafael unlocks the door and as he opens it the guards outside kneel upon seeing him in his robe. Rafael swiftly walks to the right and up a spiral stair case leading up a tower. Once they reach the top he walks out on to a large balcony that overlooks the entire city. He claps his hands and a boom echoes around the city. The people below suddenly stop what they are doing and look up.

"ALJERON IS DEAD! I AM RAFAEL YOUR NEW KING!" he shouts, his voice carrying around the city, everyone can hear him as though he was standing next to them.

"ALJERON IS DEAD! LONG LIVE KING RAFAEL!" The people chant in unison.

"I DECLARE TODAY TO BE A PUBLIC HOLIDAY!" he shouts and the whole city erupts in cheers.

Rafael suddenly looks up in the direction of the mountains, "We have to go now!" and they hurry back down the stairs.

* * *

Phabian can hear horses approaching, "It's Soltan's men! run!" he shouts.

They all run as fast as their legs will carry them but it's no use, Soltans soldiers soon have them surrounded.

"Well well well, if it isn't Phabian," Soltan says riding through his soldiers. "I had a feeling you was up to something, on a school outing are we?" he laughs.

"What's going on?" Will says waking up on Phabian's shoulder. Phabian lowers him to the ground, Will is suddenly very conscious about his nakedness in front of all these people and puts his hands over his genitals.

"Who's this? Has Phabian got himself a little boy? You haven't got much taste I must say, bit of an ugly runt," Soltan says.

"Why you!" Phabian goes for Soltan but his soldiers grab and restrain him.

Soltan dismounts and walks up to the twins, "At last I have you two together, oh what fun we are going have."

"Fuck you!" Kian shouts.

Soltan slaps him hard across the face and laughs, "They all say that but they don't realise it's me that's going to be doing the fucking." He turns to Bain, "My you are a handsome one aren't you, hmm, when I've finished with you I might just have you stuffed and hung on my wall." he laughs.

Ellit is trembling badly, all his worst nightmares come flooding back his britches suddenly become wet as he pisses himself.

"Oh dear, look you just wet yourself," Soltan mocks as he turns to him, "You look familiar." He walks right up to him and Ellit starts sobbing, tears roll down his cheeks. Soltan grabs his britches and pulls them down, then spinning him round sees the mark on his ass. "Oh yes I remember now, you were such a cry baby, I loved making you scream, I think I may just have some more fun with you." Ellit breaks down and becomes a dithering wreck.

Pellon grabs his hand, "Leave him alone you bastard!"

"You! Ha, funny, I could have sworn I marked you, what happened to it?" Soltan asks.

"I was healed."

"Healed? By who? Oh! Wait, the son of Aljeron," he looks around the group, "where is he?"

"You're too late!" Bain speaks up, "he went ahead and should have his powers by now, you'll never get his kingdom."

"Ah but that's where you're wrong my beauty, you see my father is high lord there, and he's waiting for him to turn up, I very much doubt he will have made it."

Fear suddenly hits the whole group.

Soltan bursts out into laughter, "I'm so going to enjoy today, all these pretty boys to fuck!"

"I doubt that very much," A voice comes from behind his soldiers. 

Soltan looks round and sees Rafael on a beautiful white steed, Vernon is on a horse just behind him, and behind Vernon a troop of around ten soldiers. "Who the fuck are you?" he asks then notices the robe. "NO! IT CAN'T BE! MEN GRAB HIM!"

Soltans men turn to Rafael but before they can get close he claps his hands, mutters a couple of words and they all freeze.

Rafael dismounts, "You've reigned terror on the people of this country for long enough Soltan, it's time to bring it to an end."

"I'd like to see you try!" he shouts and pulling his sword from it's sheath he charges for Rafael.

Rafael claps his hands again, chants, and Soltan goes crashing to the ground. Cursing he gets up but soon realises why he fell over, his pants had fallen around his ankles. He looks down in confusion and everyone starts laughing. He suddenly realises he's now got the body of a teenager, very skinny, and what's more his cock is only three inches long.

"What have you done to me?" he shouts staggering back. His clothes no longer fit him so Rafael waves his hands, and they all fly off him leaving him stark naked. "My cock! My beautiful big cock! What have you done to it?" he looks up at Rafael and rage overcomes him. He picks up his sword and charges for Rafael again, Rafael motions his hand and the sword turns into a flower, everyone bursts out in hysterics. Soltan enraged even more goes to hit him, but Rafael puts his hand on his head and holds him at arms length, Soltan swings but misses.

Rafael closes his eyes and accesses Soltan's memories.

"ARRGHH! GET OUT OF MY HEAD!" Soltan screams.

Rafael suddenly opens his eyes grinning.

"I'm going to kill you!" Soltan screams at him.

"I'm tired of your ranting," Rafael says and recites another chant, suddenly Soltan is mute.

Soltan turns red with rage and tries to scream out but nothing comes out.

"I've decided on your punishment, you'll be pleased to know I'm going to let you live, but I do hope you enjoy your new home," Rafael says.

He claps his hands together and recites some more chants. Circles of light appear around Soltan and he slowly fades away. When he has totally vanished Rafael turns to the rest of the group.

"Rafael?" Bain says amazed at the transformation.

"Yes," Rafael replies.

"You can speak too," Kian says.

"What happened to Soltan?" Vernon asks.

"Oh lets just say that he's got what he truly deserves," Rafael says grinning. "Come we need to head back to the palace."

As Rafael mounts his horse he signals to his soldiers and they arrest Soltan's men. A wagon then turns up to transport everyone back to the palace and Pellon and Will are given blankets to cover their naked bodies.