 He stands in the doorway for a moment, looking at me with a lopsided grin that I'm not sure what to do with. He's handsome enough, a day of stubble, broad shoulders, perhaps ten years older than I am. He stands aside and motions for me to come in. 

"I just got out of work, you showed up a little quicker than I thought," he says.

"Cool," I say. It's the only word I can work out of my suddenly dry mouth. I experience a moment of doubt for the hundredth time in the last hour. I push it aside. I've wanted this for far too long to back out now. 

"Not much of a talker," he observes.

"Sorry, I'm uh..."

"It's okay," he says "If you're nervous I get it. If you're not sure about this I won't get mad or anything, and you know how to get a hold of me."

"No, I'm sure," I say, making myself believe it as much as him. 

"Alright then," he says. I hear the short, unmistakable zipping sound and when I look down I see the drooping length of his cock poking out of the flaps of his pants. 

I have seen one other man's penis in my life, and that was just my father in the shower. It was nothing like this, there was no intent, no purpose to it. So while it was not the first penis other than my own I had ever seen, it was the only one I have ever looked at with lust. Any residual doubt melts away as I feel his hand on my shoulder, guiding me gently downward to my knees. 

The picture had been nice, this was nicer. His pubic hair was cut short, the skin smooth and inviting. One long vein ran down the top of the shaft, ending at the silky mushroom of his head. It began to lengthen and stretch, lifting slightly against the pull of gravity. 

"Do you want it?" he asks.

"Yes," I say. He pushes his hips forward until the tip just barely touches my upper lip. I can smell his soap and feel a growing heat come off of it as blood floods the engorging member. 

"Show me."

I open my mouth, leading with my tongue until I feel the weight of his cock resting on it. I flick once, tasting his flesh, and then slide my neck forward, wrapping my lips tight around his shaft. Now he is completely erect, filling my mouth to the point I almost can't handle. But it's wonderful. A low, throaty sigh escapes me as I pull back and push forward again. His hand slips down under my chin and he forces my head up slightly so that our gazes meet. Then he pulls out of me with a soft, wet, popping sound.

"Stand up," he says. 

I obey. He pulls my shift off and unsnaps my pants. My cock is like an overeager jack in the box, popping out of my shorts as he tugs them down. He steps out of his own pants and grinds his hips against mine. My lust beats through me like a drum as he pushes me against the door and grinds into me again. He buries his face in my neck, not kissing it but I can feel his breath hot and heavy and it sends a shiver through me. His hands find my ass and squeeze, pressing our erections even tighter together. I cradle his balls and he lets out an appreciative grunt. 

"Let's go to the bedroom before I blow my load on you right here," he says. I wouldn't mind if he did but I follow him anyway. In the bedroom he sits on the edge of the bed and I assume my place between his legs, on my knees, my face nuzzled against his scrotum until I begin tracing the length of his shaft with my tongue. When I reach the tip I let him into my mouth and swallow every inch of him I can manage. I taste salty pre-cum and his moans fill the room. 

"Work it like a good little cocksucker," he whispers. I take hold of his balls in one hand and his shaft in the other, stroking him with my mouth as I jerk him off. He presses his hips forward, arching his back and letting out a deep sigh of pleasure. "That's good."

He pulls me up onto the bed and flips us so that I'm now under him. His wet cock is pressed against mine and he grinds it into me. He grabs my legs under my knees and lifts my ass into the air. In a moment of panic I fear he's about to fuck me but instead he lowers his head and I feel the very new sensation of a tongue on my asshole. I tense up, but then relax. It feels better than I would have expected. 

I close my eyes and suddenly without warning I feel the warm wetness of his mouth close over my cock. He swallows me whole, down to my balls where his tongue flicks out and licks gently. I can't help the gasp of sheer ecstasy that hisses out of me as he begins to suck me off with eager abandon. Without stopping for an instant he begins to shift until his hips are at my head and he lies down on his side, rolling me with him. I know what to do. 

Our hands, our mouths, our cocks, our balls; moaning, thrusting, fucking, sucking. There is nothing but lust and need and that beautiful erection buried in my face. Our cries are muffled but frantic and as I can feel my orgasm approaching it increases my own pace until at last he explodes in my mouth. A hot stream of cum gushes into me as I unleash my own into him. We swallow each other, every last drop. Even as I feel his pulsing cock shrinking in my mouth I'm reluctant to let it go, but finally I do and we both roll onto our backs. 

A long moment of silence, and then "Are you sure that was your first time?" 

"Yeah, I'm sure," I say. 

"Fuck," he says. "Did you like it?"

"What do you think?" I say.

"We should do this again," he says.

"I'm sure we will." 

I swing my legs out of bed; they are still quivering from the orgasm. I head into the living room and begin pulling on my clothes. It's not until I'm done that I look back and see him standing there, still naked, that lopsided grin back on his face. 

"You know how to get a hold of me," he says as I open the door.

"Yeah," I say, and head out to my car.