 For the next couple of days after my experience with the Engineering Club, I was hit with overwhelming guilt. I had let Chris, along with a dozen of his friends, use me unmercifully, and record it for anyone to see. I couldn't believe what I had done. Although I thoroughly enjoyed being used, I couldn't let anyone find out about it. What would my family and friends think? What would work think?

Saturday morning I got up early and had just gotten out of the shower when I heard a knock at the door. I quickly put on a towel and answered the door. Standing on my porch was Chris with a devilish grin. When he saw me wearing just the towel he said, "Hi Dani. I see you are already getting ready for me. I didn't even have to call. You just knew. I must have left enough of my seed inside you to sense my presence."

"Uh, hey Chris. I was actually getting ready to go play some golf. I'm kind of in a hurry to meet my playing partners."

"I think golf will be on hold today little lady. You have some important business to take care of today." Chris then walked into my place, closing the door behind him. He then grabbed my left hand and placed it on his crotch with a rubbing motion. "I think you remember this. It has been permanently tattooed on your brain. There is no sense in denying it."

When Chris grabbed my hand, my towel began to slip, and fell within about 15 seconds. So now I was standing in my own doorway, completely naked and rubbing Chris' cock through his pants. Chris said, "That's more like it. Now, why don't you move down to your knees where you'll be more comfortable?"

At this point, golf was the furthest thing from my mind. I tried to protest. "Last time was a mistake. I shouldn't have acted like that. It's not who I really am. I was just experimenting." However, my hardening clit and my weak knees were keeping my argument from being very convincing. By the time I reached my knees, Chris had unzipped his pants and his huge cock was being presented to me. As soon as I saw it, my mouth started watering and my hands were shaking. That thing had turned me into a girl, and I was ready to resume my duties.

I grabbed Chris' cock with both hands and eagerly licked it all over. I was bouncing on my knees trying to taste every portion of his cock. Chris said, "That's right honey. Work your little cunt mouth over the entire length. Get my cock as hard as you can." As Chris said this, I was already beginning to leak. His words were so dominating. I loved feeling like a powerless woman.

After a few minutes of licking, I put the head in my mouth and worked my way as far as I could down the shaft. It was only a couple of inches before it hit the back of my throat. I then pumped his cock with my mouth to try to get it wet enough to go further down my throat. This strategy worked a little bit as I think I got as much as six inches down my throat. However, there was another five or so that were only getting the attention of my hand.

Chris was starting to get really hard and really relaxed. He told me it was time to work on his balls. I took the right one in my mouth and began sucking. It tasted so good. A couple of minutes later, I put the left one in my mouth and savored its flavor. Chris then told me to open my mouth as wide as I could. He worked the right nut in next to the left one and just left it there. "This is what they call tea bagging". I had heard of it, but it should be called drowning in balls. I could move my tongue a little bit, but there wasn't any room left as my mouth started producing saliva. I started gagging. Chris said "Are you ready to do whatever I say and forget all about this experimenting shit."

I nodded my head and came in the same instant. I couldn't help myself. I couldn't think of anything I needed more at the time. Chris then took his nuts out of my mouth and I started coughing like a choking victim. Chris stood me up and placed one of my hands on his cock. "Come with me".

I followed him to the bathroom and he proceeded to shave all the hair off of my body except for the hair on my head. He then handed me a bottle of lotion and told me to rub it all over my body. I couldn't believe how it felt. This lotion made me feel extremely soft and smelled very feminine. Chris then told me that some people will be coming to the door in a few minutes and I was to make them feel welcome.

When the doorbell rang, I was told to answer the door completely naked. "But what if it isn't your friends?" Chris simply responded that I would then have to make more people feel at home. I nervously opened the door, my cock/clit very much at attention. Standing on the other side of the door were four of the largest men I had ever seen. Chris must have found them at Muscle Beach or something. I was staring in awe until one of the guys started laughing saying that my clit was happy to see them.

I was embarrassed and turned beat red as I let them in. Each of the four guys grabbed my ass as they walked in and gave it a squeeze. Their hands were huge, so I could just imagine what was under their shorts. As the fourth guy walked in, I saw a couple of guys with cameras standing outside of my house taking a few shots. One of the guys yelled for me to just leave the door open and they will be in shortly. When I started walking toward the living room, I saw Chris talking with the four guys. They then turned to me and said, "Make us feel at home. Give us the grand tour."

Chris told me to start with the back bedroom. As I led the guys to the back bedroom, I could sense that they were planning something. When we walked into the bedroom, I started to turn around to say something when one of the guys pushed me face first onto the bed. He started dry humping me and then pulled his shorts down so I could feel the size of his dick rest on the crack of my ass. He said, "Is this where you are planning to take all of the men in your life to show them a good time?" As he asked the question, he started rubbing his cock all around my ass, getting it up to full attention.

"What are you talking about? I've only done this once before." I responded. However, each word was interrupted by a moan. I was really enjoying his rubbing.

"I'm sorry. I thought Chris told us this was the home of a world famous cock slut. Maybe he meant after we get through with you." As he was talking, one of the other guys poured some lotion in his hand and he started fingering my cunt and rubbing some on his cock. After about a minute, he placed one hand on my lower back and used the other hand to guide his cock into my hole. I started to scream as his cock was stretching me beyond belief. He slowly pushed his cock into my ass and I felt his pubes after about five minutes. He held his cock there and told me I would loosen up. My screaming subsided and my ass started to feel like a cunt. He could tell I had loosened up when my moaning became audible. At that point he started sawing me in two, working the length of his cock in and out of my pussy.

At some point I began to see flashes and realized the camera guys were filming me. It didn't matter. I pushed back with each thrust, and got this muscled stud off in a matter of minutes. When he came, he gripped down hard on my ass cheeks with his cock all the way inside me. His semen was in deep enough to impregnate me. As he slowly pulled out, the cameramen got the cum shot they were looking for, dripping from my gaping hole.

With each new room on the tour, I was fucked in another position. I was fucked over a bed post, against the sink and across the desk. One man put my ass on the back of the couch as I faced him and then lowered my ass onto his cock. I wrapped my legs around his waist and rode him as I came twice. One guy pushed me onto my knees in the shower and had me give him a blow job. In the hall was a picture of me with an old girlfriend. One of the guys bent me over and told me to look at the picture while he fucked my cunt. It made me so hot thinking Jennifer was looking at me and telling me that I was a worthless girl. I shot a load with his cock up my ass as I pictured her being taken by these real men; I could never have satisfied her. Two different times I was fucked by one guy, had a cock in my mouth, and had my hands on two other cocks, all while not even touching the ground. I was simply a rag doll in their hands, and could not love it more. When we got to the kitchen, the guys positioned me over the sink and had me fuck myself with the faucet. After about ten minutes, one of the guys turned it on. I was essentially being given an enema. At one point in the fuckfest, I received a call from the guys I was supposed to play golf with. Chris answered and told them I was busy "on" something, but that they should stop by after the round to work off any frustration.

After about two hours, each guy had cum twice, and I was asked to be a good host and make the guys some lunch. I guess that was the least I could do after they made me cum myself a half dozen times (they were actually surprised that my little clit could hold that much). When I brought them some sandwiches, I was about to eat one myself when Chris told me that my guests like to have their dicks sucked while they eat. I was back on my knees, getting each guy off for a third time. At this point I really let my hands explore their muscular bodies, feeling all the muscles that real men have. The cameras continued to click and take video footage of each further humiliation.

After the guys got up to go, Chris told me that a couple of the Engineering Club members needed some tutoring this afternoon. However, Chris had not yet gotten to shoot a load off yet. I was back on my knees giving him another blow job when the phone rang. It was my golfing buddies. Chris again answered the phone, but told the guys "Dani can't come to the phone right now. She has my dick in her mouth." He then stuck the phone close to my head and the guys could probably hear something. I don't know what they said, but Chris replied, "No, you have the right number. Dani is just being herself today."

I think Chris really got off on humiliating me like that because he came as soon as he put the phone down, and it came in loads. I tried to catch as much as possible, but he started rubbing it all over my face, leaving a sticky film. When he was finished, I looked up at him and said "How could you humiliate me like that? What if they really think I was sucking you off?"

"I only did it because you really want it. You just can't see how much you want it. I'm actually doing you a favor. You'll see." Chris cleaned up but told me not to. He gave me a pair of fairly short shorts and a t-shirt as he got dressed. "I'll give you a ride to the club members' dorm. They told me they would pay you for the tutoring, though it might not be with money."

We got to the dorm of Steve and James, two of the guys that had used me on tape a couple of nights ago. They welcomed me in, and we actually started talking physics. I started to think that my humiliation was over, even though I was kind of hoping they would make me do them as well.

After about 45 minutes of studying, James said let's take a break. He then unzipped his pants and asked me to come over and treat him the way a "good girl" should. It looks like I was going to be back on my knees. Steve told me to strip down before I did anything. As I did, both guys stated how much they liked my shaved body. I blushed before going down on James. Steve walked up behind me and started caressing my ass cheeks. As he spread them apart, he started laughing out loud. "James, I think we are going to both fit into this pussy. Dani must have been getting fucked constantly since we last saw her. Her cunt is completely stretched out."

As I sucked on James' cock, I proceeded to tell them about my experience with the four muscled jocks. As I completed the story, James had me stand up and turn around. He had me lower my pussy onto his cock. Like I had mentioned previously, compared to me, he was very big. However, compared to the four guys I had "hosted" earlier, there was plenty of room in my pussy. I was able to slide right onto his cock, even if I hadn't been lubing it with my mouth.

I bounced on his cock a couple of times; really getting him worked up before he grabbed me by the legs and pulled me off the ground and onto his lap. James is only about 5'5", a good 8 inches shorter than me, and would be considered a nerd by most people. However, he lifted me up like a little girl, and I started leaking something fierce. It was such a turn on to be manipulated like that. As he was holding my legs, Steve was doing something over by the computer. When he finished, he came over and started working his cock in as well.

As soon as he had penetrated me, I knew that I was in heaven. As they sawed back and forth, I started cumming like a flood. I wrapped my legs around Steve and started licking his chest and rubbing my hands over his body. James told me to smile for the web cam, and I think I just moaned and looked like a woman in a trance. I started screaming, "Fuck me harder. I need this so much. I am the luckiest woman in the world right now."

They came shortly after. I think they were getting off humiliating me as much as I was enjoying the humiliation. As I climbed off of James' cock, the guys told me to walk over to the web cam and tell everyone about myself. I said, "My name is Dani, and I am a cock slut. I love having my pussy filled so much that my clit cums without even being touched. These studs are part of a group of guys that turned me into a woman. Now, all I want to do is please real men."

James and Steve told me how good that was. They turned off the camera, and we actually went back to studying. However, we all remained naked and I was told to keep one hand on each guys cock the entire time. After about 20 minutes, Steve got up and went to the computer. James took my other hand and directed it toward his chest. I started rubbing his chest as I lowered my mouth to his balls. As I licked I moved my other hand up to his chest and just rubbed this real man's chest. His cock got extremely hard and he told me to make him cum. I pumped his cock with my mouth and both hands and he exploded, telling me that I have to be the nastiest slut ever.

I swallowed every drop and licked him clean. Steve then had me come over to the computer to check out the website he had up. I lowered my pussy onto his cock as there was only the one seat at the computer. I couldn't believe my eyes. The site was called "Dani's Place", and there was a picture of me with a mouthful of cum on the homepage.

I started to click on various pages as Steve had me bounce up and down on his cock. I should have been horrified to see the pictures and videos of me, but the cock up my cunt was turning me on too much. There I was looking at pictures of me being fucked as I was being fucked. Each new picture had me leak a little bit more cum. By the time I had seen about 25% of the site, I had built up enough of a rhythm to get Steve to cum in my pussy. As he did, I came as well, and then fell over exhausted.

"So, what did you think of the site? It looked like each picture got you harder than the last. Did you click on the house rules at Dani' Place?" I must have looked confused, so Steve clicked on a page and in bold type it said: The house rules, 1) The guest is always right and should be free to do whatever he wants and 2) I am a woman and should be treated like one and talked to like one.

I was starting to get the feeling that the four musclemen wouldn't be the last guys Chris would invite to my house. Then I saw a link to a page that scared me. It said "Directions to Dani's Place". I clicked on that link and there was a map, my street address and a picture of what the place looked like on the outside. I asked Steve who had access to this web page. He looked at me like that was a weird question. Steve replied, "Everyone with a computer has access to the Internet." I asked if it was a pay site. He replied, "No. Chris wanted everyone to be able to see it. He said it was what you wanted, even if you didn't think so."

I started to get the feeling of remorse. I quickly put on my clothes and got a taxi back to my house. I didn't even say goodbye even though it was the best study session I had ever had. When I got back to my house, there were three guys standing in the doorway of my house. I didn't know what to do. Then, my golfing buddies pulled up right behind the cab, and I really didn't have a choice but to get out. My buddies started joking about Chris' comments when one of the guys standing at the door said he was here for that too. My buddies then took a good look at me and noticed the sticky face, sticky shaven legs and the short shorts. Mark then said, "You really did have a cock in your mouth today, and probably several with the looks of you. It's been a tough round of golf. I think you should probably invite us in."

I got completely red faced, and walked to the door. As I opened it, all five guys were unzipping their pants as they walked in. The last guy through the door said "Dani's Place is open for business" and left the door wide open.

That was two days ago, and there has been a steady stream of guys the whole time. Chris had reset all of the cameras, keeping a constant record of my conversion from man to cum-slut extraordinaire. I just called into work and told them I had a stomach ache. The secretary responded, "From the looks of it, I think the actual ache was a little lower, though your stomach is pretty full. I would assume your knees are sore too. Some of those guys seem pretty large." Mark must have told everyone at work about my change. The secretary continued, "I was thinking of picking up Jennifer and coming over after work. She commented after you guys broke up that she thought you might like men, but I can't imagine that she thought you liked them that much." I was in shock but my clit was getting hard thinking about the look on Jennifer's face. Everyone is going to know, but the only way to stop it would be to kick everyone out of my house. How could I do that? I couldn't possibly violate the rules of Dani's Place.