 Chapter 8: This nurse gave me more then just a shot

My encounter in Wyoming now that is one I will never forget. It took place about two years ago. I had just finished a long haul back east and was taking a couple days off in a small town just outside Cheyenne while I waited for another load. I was laying in my bed next to a hooker I had picked up enjoying the afterglow of the hot sex we had just had when the phone rang. Reaching over, I picked up the phone and groaned when I realized it was my boss on the other end of the line.

Apparently it was time for my annual DOT physical. I needed to get it completed before I could get another load out. He told me there was a clinic in town that dealt with them and that I could go down there first thing in the morning. There was no appointment needed, just give him my name and truck number and they would get me set up. I took down the address, told him I would get it done and hung up the phone.

The hooker lying beside me ran his hand over my chest and looked at me with a questioning look in his eyes. I didn't bother responding to the question in his eyes, instead, I kissed him deeply then pressed him over onto his stomach and slid once more into his tight ass, listening to him moan while I ass-fucked him.

The next morning I took a taxi to the clinic my boss had told me about. Walking inside, I saw other truckers sitting there waiting but none I knew. Instead I walked up to the counter, told the receptionist my name and truck number and then sat down waiting to be called in.

15 minutes later I heard my name called and looked up into the most gorgeous blue eyes I have ever seen. The nurse standing there in my opinion belonged in a copy of playgirl. He was about 5'9" and had a build that was somewhere between slender and medium. His blonde hair was cut close to his head in a crew cut like something you would see on a marine. He didn't look a day over 16 but I knew he had to be at least 21 with the type of work he was doing. When I stood up, I groaned softly to myself because as soon as I saw him my cock decided to go into a straight salute. If the hunk noticed, he didn't comment.

Instead, he led me into the back, took my weight and height then led me into an exam room. After climbing up onto the uncomfortable beds they had, he took my blood pressure and pulse. I needed something to distract me from the fact that he was standing so close and the fact that he was rubbing my hand with his fingertip while he was taking my pulse so I looked at his nametag. It said his name was William and that he was a RN.

I tried to control my breathing and felt better when he finally pulled away. He asked me a few medical questions then left the room saying the doctor would be in soon. I picked up a magazine and flipped through it while I waited for the doctor.

I sat in there willing my cock to go down for about 15 minutes when the doctor finally made his appearance. The exam and the questions he asked succeeded in cooling my ardor. At least until he mentioned that I was behind in some of my immunizations and would need a shot to get current on them before he could okay my DOT physical. I knew that doctors didn't give the shots themselves; they had the nurses do it. The fact that I am deathly afraid of needles was the only thing that kept my cock from standing at attention again knowing the hot nurse would be back.

After the doctor left, I lay back on the table and closed my eyes, praying that the RN knew what he was doing when it came to giving shots. I didn't have to wait long to find out. I heard the knock at the door and the hunk walked back into the room pulling a needle cart. He smiled at me as I sat up. "Can you drop your pants and shorts please?"

I looked at him as I shivered from his voice; it was husky and sent electric sparks down my back. "I thought the shot was going to be in the arm." I said shakily sliding off the bed and opening my pants.

He smiled at me then turned back to the cart. "Nope, these they give in the ass now days."

I nodded solemnly and turned so I was facing the bed so he couldn't see my hard cock pressing against my stomach. I dropped my pants and shorts and leaned over so I was resting my hands against the bed.

I closed my eyes, bracing myself for the pain I knew was going to come, then gasped when I felt his bare hand suddenly squeeze my ass. "Easy man," he said against my ear as he rubbed my ass with his hand. "It isn't that bad."

My breathing started coming out more ragged although whether it was from fear of the needle, or from the pleasure of his hand roaming over me. I felt his hand grip my hip and squeeze, then pull away. I closed my eyes tighter when I felt the coolness of the alcohol swab pressing against my skin. 

My eyes snapped open wide when I suddenly felt something cold and wet press against my asshole, rubbing gently against it only to be followed by his bare finger sliding inside me. "Oh yes." I moaned lowering my head as I pressed back against his hand.

William chuckled as he slowly worked his finger in and out of my ass. I whimpered softly when I felt him pull out, then gasped and moaned a bit louder when he slid not one finger but two deep inside me. "You like that don't ya?" he asked against my ear as he pressed his body tightly against mine.

I looked over my shoulder at him and almost drowned in his eyes, "god yes."

He smiled and leaned forward kissing my nose. "The shot is all done sexy. I would love to do more with you, but unfortunately that door doesn't have a lock on it." He kissed my nose again, and then suddenly pulled his fingers out of my ass.

I turned around and looked at him in surprise. I never felt the needle touch my skin. "When, how?"

He chuckled, "I got the impression you were gay from the way you were looking at me in the waiting room and the way your cock stiffened." He let his eyes drift down to my still rock hard cock and I saw him lick his lips, watching that made my cock throb even more. "I wasn't sure you would like having my fingers up your ass, some guys don't, but I figured I would give it a try. When you pressed back against my finger, I gave you the shot."

I bent down to pull up my pants and looked at him. "You gave me the shot when you just had one finger inside me?"

He shrugged and looked at me with a sexy grin that made me melt. "Yeah, I couldn't' help myself. Your ass was so hot; I wanted to have a bit of fun."

I know he was expecting me to get mad. More and likely most of the patients he did that to did. Instead I pulled him roughly into my arms and kissed him so deep that when I finally pulled away we were both breathing heavily. "Meet me at my hotel room tonight when you get off and we can finish what you started." I growled huskily against his lips.

William looked at me in surprise for a second, and then smiled. "Give me the address sexy and I will definitely be there."

I kissed him again, and then wrote the name and my hotel room number down on a piece of paper before handing it to him. I smiled at him as I turned towards the door then stopped. "By the way, how old are you?"

He actually chuckled. "I'm 25, I know hard to believe huh?"

I looked him over once more as I opened the door. "Yeah."

His laughter followed me back into the waiting room.

2 Hours later I was laying on the bed in my hotel room wearing nothing but a towel that was split open and was gently stroking my cock as I thought about the hot nurse from today. I was right on the verge of cumming when suddenly there was a knock on the door. I swore softly, then arranged the towel so my cock was covered, and moved to open the door.

My cock had gone down a bit knowing I was going to greet someone, but it went back into a major salute when I opened the door and saw William standing there. I thought he looked good in his scrubs at the clinic but dressed in tight jeans and a t-shirt made him look even hotter. "Hi..." He said with a smile as he let his eyes drift down my body and over the towel that was tented by my hard cock.

"Hi... I didn't expect you to actually show up." I replied breathily as I moved back so he could step into the room.

He came into the room and I closed the door behind him. "As hot as I got working on you this afternoon." He said turning to me. "I couldn't pass up the opportunity."

I didn't get the chance to reply; he pressed me back against the door and locked his lips on mine as he ground his body against mine. I moaned hotly against his mouth as I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him even closer to me. "God you are so hot." He growled against my mouth.

I chuckled. "Believe me baby, so are you." 

He looked up at me with those piercing eyes, and then smiled as he suddenly dropped to his knees before me. I didn't move or even breathe as he pulled the towel from around my waist and let it fall to the floor. I sucked in my breath when he reached up and wiped a bit of precum off the tip of my cock and put his finger into his mouth. "Mmmmm, yummy." He said with a smile.

I whimpered softly watching him, and then moaned as he took the head of my cock between his lips and suckled gently on it. "Yeah baby, suck that hard cock." I growled grabbing the back of his head and pulling him closer to me. He didn't resist as more of my hard cock slid into his mouth. I moaned and bucked my hips as I felt his tongue flick over my hard flesh. Holding the back of his head gently, I started slowly fucking his face, pressing more and more of my cock down his throat with each thrust. "Yeah, that's it, suck that hard cock."

He growled softly in his throat as he reached up and grabbed my cum filled balls, squeezing and pulling on them as he worked his mouth forcefully over my cock. "Fuck, agh, oh god, keep that up and I'm going to cum." I cried fucking his face faster and harder than before.

This seemed to push him to new heights because he swallowed my whole cock, his throat muscles tightening and loosening around it as he held me deep inside him. "Fuck, oh yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssssss..." I screamed digging my hands in his hair and holding him tight against my stomach as I shot load after load of hot cum down his throat.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm..." He moaned around my cock as he swallowed all my hot seed. I felt his tongue moving slowly over me as he pulled back making sure not to miss a single drop of the luscious cum before he finally pulled off completely. "I was right, you do taste good."

I chuckled as I pulled him to his feet and kissed his passionately. I worked my tongue deep in his mouth, searching for any bit of my cum he may have missed. When I finally pulled away, his eyes were full of passion and I knew he was hot enough to start a fire right there in the room. "What do you want?" I growled huskily. "Do you want to fuck me? Or do you want me to fuck you?"

William was breathing heavily and had his hands resting lightly on my hips. At my words, I felt his fingers drifting from my hips towards my ass. I smiled and leaned away from the door giving him access to my body. When I felt his finger teasing at my hole, I moaned hotly. "Do you have a condom?" I asked huskily as he dug at my hole.

He chuckled and slid the tip of his finger inside me, making me whine with need. "Oh yeah, I was so hoping I could get into this hot ass so I came prepared."

I wanted to laugh but I was so hot for him that I just growled and pulled him against me once more kissing him deeply before I led him over to the bed. "Strip," I ordered huskily while I walked into the bathroom. I heard him chuckle but when I came back into the room he was standing by the bed completely naked. I eyed his hard cock and damn near came once again right then and there. He had to be at least 9 inches long and 2 inches in diameter. My mouth watered while I stood there and he just stood there with his hands on his hips waiting to see what I would do.

I tried to resist, but finally I dropped to my knees and took that monster between my lips sucking greedily at it. "Oh god yes," William sighed throwing his head back and gripping the back of my head. "Can you take it all baby?"

I looked up at him with passion filled eyes as I let his cock slide deeper into my mouth and throat until I had all of him. He whined with pleasure as he felt my throat muscles massaging him. "God yes, that's it." He fucked my face a couple of times then pulled me off. "Lay down on your stomach. I gotta have your ass."

Standing up, I kissed him once more, and then lay down on the bed on my stomach with my cock pressing against the bedspread and my legs spread wide and hanging off the edge with my feet still planted on the floor.

I felt his hands moving over my ass and moaned as I pressed back against him. Reaching behind me, I held out the bottle of vegetable oil I had picked up at the market and heard him chuckle. I never heard the condom package open, but did see him throw it on the bed. I forgot about the condom quickly though when I felt him lay down over me and felt the head of his cock pressing against my ass-hole. 

"Do I need to loosen your ass up hot stuff?" He asked against my ear as he slowly worked his cock back and forth against my hole. 

In response I slammed my ass backwards pulling half his cock deep inside me. We both let out a loud growl of pleasure as I felt him fill me up. Even though I had a nice cock up my ass last night, the feeling of William's cock stretching me out make me hotter than any cock I had had recently. "I guess not." He said with a soft sigh as he braced his arms on either side of my body and pressed forward with his hips burying the rest of his monster cock deep inside me.

"Mmmmm... God, I feel so fucking full. You are so big and feel so good." I murmured against the bedspread as he held himself buried inside me.

He let his arms down and wrapped his arms around me, pulling at my nipples as he slowly began pulling out only to slowly impale me once more. "Believe me, you feel fantastic from this side to." He bit gently at my neck as he fucked me with long, slow strokes.

"Mmmmm, ugh, god, fuck me." I whined pressing back against his slow strokes. I couldn't have held back the moans and cries even if I wanted to. The way he was slowly working inside me, made my cock throb against the mattress.

"Like that baby?" He purred against my ear as he licked it then nibbled at it while he sped up his strokes just a touch. When I gasped as he dug even deeper than before he moaned and closed his eyes biting at my neck. "God, I love your ass, it is so hot." I felt him pull out until I held just the head inside me and whined needing to feel him inside me. "Is this what you want hunk?" He growled slamming forward so hard that it jarred my body but at the same time made my whole body shake with need. 

"Fuck yesssssssssssss..." I cried clawing at the bedspread as I slammed my ass back against him trying to pull even more of him inside me then before.

"Oh yea, that's it. Fuck back against that hard cock." He growled pulling himself up on his arms once more and starting to jackhammer my ass with his huge cock. "Take it slut." He growled plunging fast and hard into my willing ass, making me cry out with each in stroke.

"Take me, take my hot fucking ass you beast." I growled pulling my legs up so I was kneeling on the bed without dislodging his cock from my ass. I slammed my ass back against him as he power fucked me, every thrust slammed my body forward and I slammed back each time he pulled out. We moved in perfect rhythm, both of us panting and howling as we both dug for release. "Fuck me; make me cum on your hot monster cock." I screamed as I felt the bed protesting against each powerful thrust.

"Yes, oh god yes, ugh.... God, I am so close." He cried digging his nails into my hips as he pressed even closer to me, his balls slapping against mine each time he dug into me. "God Jake, cum for me, please, cum for me NOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!"

I knew I could cum without touching myself, but I was so hot that I knew I needed a little extra push. Reaching down, I grabbed my hard cock and jerked it once forcefully. Without warning, I let out a huge howl as jet after jet of hot cum spewed from my cock.

William screamed behind me as he buried himself to the hilt inside me and I felt his cock twitch as he filled the condom. "Oh my fucking god." He cried as he pulled out just a bit to slam back in once more as he continued to fill the condom. When he finally collapsed against me, I fell against the bed and felt his cock slip out of me, I could still feel part of the condom stuck inside me but at that moment, I really didn't care. We fell asleep laying together like that and I knew right then that the next time I needed to go have my annual exam, I wanted him to be my nurse.

 

Chapter 9 Talk about a way out of a ticket

Utah, now that was an experience I would love to forget. It had its good points, I had some of the hottest sex I have ever had in a long time, but at the same time, the hot sex also saved me from getting a ticket and almost losing my job. Confused yet? Okay, sit back and listen to my story about how my body got me out of a ticket.

I had only been driving truck about a year and it was my first solo run. I was on my way to Ogden via Salt Lake City. I was getting close to my 10 hour limit on driving and my body was letting me know it. I was exhausted. I took a sip of the coffee I had picked up about an hour ago at the last truck stop and looked out at the clear, dark sky. I had just passed a rest area sign saying the rest area was about 20 miles down the road. I was really hoping I could make it that far without falling asleep at the wheel.

I am not sure what happened, I don't know if I dozed or what. All I remember is one minute I was driving down the quiet highway and the next I saw the red and blue lights in my side view mirror seconds before I heard the siren. "Shit." I muttered to myself as I pulled the big rig over to the side of the road. I knew if I got a ticket I was in deep shit. DMV was very particular about truck drivers getting tickets. I couldn't afford to lose my CDL.

I sat there just letting the big rig idle while I watched the cop move slowly up to my door. When he was close, I climbed down out of the truck. "Can I help you officer?" I asked.

He flashed his light at my face and I had to close my eyes to keep from being blinded. "You were weaving back there."

I opened my eyes as he lowered the flashlight. "I was?"

He looked at me, "have you been drinking?"

I shook my head. "No officer just tired." I nodded my head at the rig. "I am close to my limit for the night, was just hoping to get to the rest area before I pulled over."

He ran the light up and down over my body. I was dressed in a pair of beat up jeans, work boots, and a t-shirt with a flannel over it. I noticed when he flashed the light down; he stopped a bit longer at my crotch then was necessary. He licked his lips and cocked his head to the side then grabbed me by the shirt. "Spread your legs and put your hands against the side of the truck." He said.

"What did I do?" I asked doing as he said.

"No talking." He growled against my ear as he moved up behind me and started patting me down. 

I sighed and let him get on with it until he suddenly grabbed at my cock through my pants and gave it a squeeze. I couldn't hold back the gasp or the moan that escaped my lips. I heard him chuckle behind me and then his lips were against my ear. "Drive on up to the rest area and park it for the night cowboy, and don't try anything funny because I am going to be right behind you."

I swallowed hard to myself as I was sure that before the night was over he was going to be behind me in more than one way. "Yes officer."

He gave my cock one more good squeeze before he pulled away and I walked unsteadily back towards the cab of my truck.
