 Back at the palace, Rafael leads them all to the throne room, it's huge with a high vaulted ceiling, an ornate balcony all around and tall stained glass windows. In the centre is a huge throne with two smaller ones either side, and scattered around the floor are large silk cushions. He instructs everyone to strip and wait while he disappears in to a side room.

Everyone looks at each other, "Strip?" Bain asks.

A young man walks in the room stark naked apart from a small hat, "Your clothes please," he says.

"Why do we have to be naked?" Vernon asks.

"It's a tradition that goes back centuries, while in the grounds of the palace everyone must be naked, apart from a piece of clothing that denotes your position in the palace," the young man explains.

"So what's your position?" Pellon asks.

"I'm a utility, I run errands for the king among other things."

"Other things?" Pellon presses.

"Well sometimes I'm required to service the King should he get a little horny."

"A little horny?" Bain laughs, "You'll have your hands full with this one."

"Really?" the young man says, "Oh that would be awesome, he's so hot! The other king was too old and ill, so I never did anything with him. I do hope he want's to fuck me, that would be such an honour."

Pellon drops his blanket not worried about being naked and the twins quickly follow suit. Vernon and Bain strip next, and Ellit reluctantly sheds his clothes, self conscious about his body, he covers his genitals with his hands. Will looks up at Phabian who nods at him, he drops his blanket and too tries to cover his cock with his hands. Phabian is the last to strip, he feels really exposed not having ever stripped before in anyones presence.

The young man collects the clothes and blankets and carrying them across his arms heads for the door just as Rafael re enters. He is accompanied by two official looking men, both of them stark naked apart from wearing capes to indicate their position in the palace. One of the men is semi hard and seems to have cum dripping from his cock. Rafael sees the young man and walks up to him.

"Hello, what's your name?" Rafael asks. 

"Pingret Sir," the young man replies.

"Well Pingret I must say you're very handsome, nice body too," Rafael places a hand on Pingret's cheek and softly strokes it.

"Th-th-thank you sir!" Pingret stutters.

"I think we are going to have to get a little more acquainted," Rafael says.

"Oh yes Sir! That would be so nice!" Pingret says.

Everyone notices that Pingret is now fully erect and his six inch cock is bouncing in anticipation.

"Ok then, carry on," Rafael says and as Pringet turns to leave he pats him on his ass. Pringet looks back with a huge grin across his face.

Rafael moves to the front of the throne and looks at Ellit.

"Come here Ellit, I promised I would get rid of those ugly scars for you" He says. Ellit walks up to him.

"Are you ready?" Rafael asks.

Ellit nods nervously.

Rafael turns him to face away and puts his hands either side of his head. 

"Lean back and close your eyes." Ellit does as he's asked, as Rafael chants some more words. Suddenly little points of light seem to dance all over his body.

"Oh! It feels wonderful," Ellit says. It feels to him like there are a million hands caressing his skin. His nipples become hard and erect, his shrivelled testicles tingle and his cock immediately becomes hard. He groans with sheer pleasure as the sensation teases and tickles his skin, he never imagined anything could feel so amazing. After a few moments the focus stops on his skin, and moves into his anus. He gasps at this new sensation. "OH WOW! OH SIR! OOOOOH!" his ass feels like it's being massaged from the inside, rubbing his prostrate. It feels wonderfully erotic and he can feel an orgasm building. Soon the sensation stops in his anus and moves to his cock and scrotum, he gasps again as it feels like there are a hundred tongues licking his cock and balls. He feels his orgasm start. He's quite embarrassed that the others are watching him and are about to see him cum, but the sensation is so amazing he couldn't make it stop even if he wanted it to.

"UURRRRRRRGHHHHH!! I'M CUUUMMMMMIIINNNNG!" he yells as his cock erupts, the first bolt shooting up and landing on his chest. He immediately opens his eyes knowing something is different. Because his cock had been so badly deformed it would normally point sideways when erect, but when he looks down he sees his cock is perfect. It's pointing straight up at him and spewing cum, a spurt hits him in the face. 

Everyone in the group are now fully erect from seeing Ellit climax. Rafael pushes him upright again and steps back. Ellit looks down at his body, all the scars have gone. His cock is back to it's normal seven inches standing proud, his testicles are round and plump. he reaches round and touches his anus, it's perfect, and not the mess it used to be.

He spins round and flings his arms round Rafael, "Oh thank you, thank you, thank you."

"You're welcome, I'm just sorry I can't erase those horrible memories of what he did to you," Rafael replies.

"I'll help him with that " Pellon says taking Ellit by the hand, "Your body looks fantastic now. I just want to kiss it all over," he says to Ellit.

Ellit blushes and sees Pellon's hard cock.

"Did I cause that?" Ellit asks. 

Pellon nods, "and everyone else," he says pointing to the rest.

Ellit blushes again when he see's everyone's cock standing to attention.

"Look I don't want you two going back to living on the street, how about you come and work for me in the palace?" Rafael says.

"Really?" Pellon says excitedly.

"Yes, go with my advisors here and they will find you a position suited to what ever you want to do."

Ellit and Pellon walk off with the advisor, Pellon's cock swaying as he walks, and exit in to the room Rafael went in earlier.

Rafael then turns to the twins, "How would you two like to be my chamber boys?"

"Chamber boys?" Kian asks.

"Yes, it means you would have to keep my bedroom clean and tidy, make my bed, keep my bathing room clean, help me dress and bathe, oh and occasionally spend the night with me." Rafael replies.

"Chamber boys huh, I think we like the sound of that," Kalen giggles.

"Especially the bathing and spending the night bit," Kian adds and gives his brother a playful tug on his still hard cock.

"So is that a yes then?"

"You bet!" Kian replies.

Rafael looks at Vernon and Bain, "I'm so glad you two finally got it together, you are made for each other. It's been doing my head in not being able to speak and watch you two lust after each other." Vernon blushes, "Oh and by the way Bain I think you'll be surprised to know we are brothers."

Everyone's eyes widen and Bain's Jaw drops open.

"What!"

"I knew it as soon as I saw the mirror in your shack, it used to belong to my mother, the woman you found by the river," Rafael says turning to Vernon.

"But we don't look anything alike, and I'm not enchanted," Bain points out.

"Same mother different father, I'm afraid I don't know who your real father is."

"I do," Bain replies, Vernon looks at him wondering how he could possibly know who his real father is, "he's standing right next to me," Bain says turning to Vernon and grabbing his hand. Vernon wells up with so much love for Bain.

"As my brother you get first refusal at becoming high lord," Rafael adds.

"What does that entail?" Bain asks.

"Running the city."

"Wow that seems a lot of responsibility."

"It is."

"If I don't do it who will?"

"We have plenty of lords due for promotion," Rafael replies.

"Well I don't think I'm ready to take on a position like that, I'm more than happy to be with my father where ever he decides to go."

"I may be able to help you with that," Rafael says, "Vernon, the palace has farmland just to the east of the city, I would like it if you would be the royal farmer."

Vernon is speechless, "But don't you already have a royal farmer?"

"Yes but he's old and due for retirement, I can't think of anyone else more suited to the job, what do you say?"

Vernon's dream of running a large farm seems to be materialising before him, he pictures him and Bain living together, tending the farm with all the farmhands, looking after livestock.

Vernon stutters, "Well, er, I suppose, yes ok!"

Vernon turns to Bain, his face beaming and they hug.

Rafael turns to Phabian, "It's going to be hard for me to ignore all the atrocities you did in Soltan's name and there's going to be plenty of people that will want revenge."

"I understand," Phabian says and hangs his head.

"But equally I can't ignore what you did for us yesterday and today," Rafael continues, "I have spoken with my advisors and they recommend ten years in prison."

"NO!" Will cries, he runs up to Rafael and drops to his knees, "Please don't take him away from me, I couldn't live without him, he rescued me from a horrible man that beat me up, I implore you please don't send him away," tears are streaming down his face.

Rafael bends down, lifts Will up off his knees and wipes the tears away, "You really love each other don't you."

Will nods, "He's the first person that's ever shown me love," he sobs, "not even my parents cared for me the way he cares for me, please don't take him away from me."

"I'm not going to," Rafael says, he turns Will around to face Phabian.

"This is your punishment. You are to take care of this young man, give him everything he needs, clothe him, feed him but most of all love him, you must never ever hurt him in anyway. If you agree to this I will set up a new identity and job for you. If you don't it will be ten years in prison. What is your answer?"

Phabian looks at Will, "I agree!" he says without any hesitation. Will rushes into his arms and they hug.

"What job do you think you'd like?" Rafael asks.

"Er, I always fancied being a fisherman," Phabian replies.

"And what about a new name?"

"Rondo," Will says, "I've always like that name."

Phabian smiles at Will and nods to Rafael.

"Excellent! A fisherman and Rondo it is then." Rafael says and claps his hands. The advisors re enter the room with Pellon and Ellit.

"Have you decided on your choice of work?" Rafael asks.

"Yes, We're going to be gardeners," Pellon replies, "Ellit and me have always enjoyed the outdoors and they said you need more help in the gardens."

"It looks like everything is sorted then," Rafael says proudly, "Tonight we will have a banquet and tomorrow will be the state funeral for my beloved father Aljeron."

The twins look at each other sadly, "Gramps," they say together.

Rafael puts his arms around their shoulders, "I've sent for your grandfathers body, he's going to be buried here in the palace where you can visit him as often as you like."

The boys smile at Rafael and give him the biggest hug they can muster.

Rafael looks at Vernon, "I've done the same for Sheerkan too, I'm going to miss that old man, he taught me everything I know."

Rafael then sits in his throne and claps his hands, "Well I don't know about you lot but I'm horny as fuck." he beckons the twins to join him, they look at each other and smile. They kneel either side of him and start licking his cock and it's not long before it's at full mast.

Up until that point everyone's erections had deflated, but upon seeing this Bain starts to get hard and so does Will. Bain notices and walks up to him.

"Your cock is so big, I've never seen one that's bigger than mine," he says, "may I?" Bain looks at Phabian and Will for approval and they both nod.

Standing next to him Bain takes hold of Will's cock and slowly wanks him, by now they are both rock hard. Bain puts his cock against Will's to compare them, Will is a good half inch longer. Bain then bends over and takes the huge cock in his mouth, Will gasps.

Phabian and Vernon stand next to each other, "It's so hot watching our boys play with each other," Vernon says.

"It sure is," Phabian agrees.

Pellon has popped a boner too and Ellit can't take his eye's off it's big nine inches. He wraps his fingers round it and starts to wank it. This is the first time he's done this voluntary without being forced to, he likes the feel of it in his fingers, Pellon groans with delight.

"You don't have to you know," Pellon says,

"No I want to," Ellit Replies.

Pellon looks down at Ellit's now very hard cock, "You know your cock really is quite beautiful, how about I give it a test run?"

Ellit gives a confused look, then Pellon drops to his knees and slips his mouth over Ellit's seven inches, Ellit gasps as his new cock slides past Pellon's tender lips, he'd forgotten how good a blow job can be.

By now the advisors standing either side of the throne are fully erect and their cocks twitch as they watch the orgy unfold before them. Pingret has also re entered the room and stands against a wall, hands behind his back, his cock pointing skywards, watching the proceedings.

The twins are now taking it in turns to suck on Rafael's cock. Kian would slide down as deep as he can before pulling back up and then passing it to Kalen who would do the same. Rafael is groaning in sheer delight. He see's Pingret and beckons him over. The young man gets a huge smile on his face and quickly joins them. Rafael instructs him to kneel on the arms of the throne and as he does so, Rafael quickly devours the young mans cock. Pingret groans with delight, his first Royal blow job. Kian sees Pingret's ass above him, his legs wide apart his hole clearly visible, he passes Rafael's cock back to Kalen then moves up and starts to lick the young mans anus. Pingret gasps as he feels Kian's tongue flick over his tight little rose bud. Kalen is amazed that his brother would do something like that, but he finds it a major turn on. He goes back to sucking on Rafael's cock but watches his brother licking ass at the same time.

Phabian walks round behind Will and wrapping his arms around him gently caresses the boy's body while Bain sucks on his cock. Will flings his head back and raises his arms above his head, clasping his hands together behind Phabians neck. Phabian strokes Will's slender body with a featherlike touch and Will groans and writhes at the sensation. Phabian strokes his arm pits causing Will to laugh out loud but the tickling is extremely erotic for Will, he feels so turned on by the way Phabian teases his skin. Phabian like wise is equally turned on by the way Will squirms and writhes as he tickles the boy's stretched body, it's such a beautiful body too. 

Vernon stands next to Will and puts his cock close to his sons face. Bain immediately pulls of Will's cock but instead of sucking it straight down, he looks up at his father with his big blue eyes and starts licking the head. Vernon melts, he feels like exploding with love for his boy. Bain's tongue expertly flicks around Vernon's cock licking up the precum as it oozes out, Vernon is in heaven. Bain then slips his lips over the cock head and sucks it in, Vernon gasps as his son takes his cock in his mouth for the first time. Bain takes up a rhythm slipping his lips to the tip and back down going deeper every time until his nose touches Vernon's pubes. Vernon can feel his cock head slip down his boy's throat, the sensation is mind blowing.

"Lie down on the floor, there's something I've always wanted to try," Phabian whispers to Will.

Will complies and lies on his back on the floor. Phabian stands over his face and bends over, he grabs Will by the waist and in one swift movement picks him up like a rag doll. Will is now hanging up side down and laughing. Phabian brings the boy close to him and using his tongue guides Will's cock into his mouth, then using his arms as though he is weight lifting, pumps Will in and out of his mouth causing him to groan with pleasure. Will is also able to get to Phabian's cock and without hesitation clamps his mouth round it, sucking him in deep. Everyone sees this display of acrobatics and some applaud.

Ellit pulls Pellon off his cock, "My turn," he says nervously.

"Ellit you really don't have to, I know this is going to be difficult for you," Pellon says.

"You're right it is going to be difficult for me, but you have been so good to me, I really want to do this for you," Ellit replies.

He drops to his knees and taking a deep breath places Pellon's cock in his mouth. Suddenly memories of Soltan forcing his cock in his mouth come flooding back, and he pulls off choking back the tears.

"Ellit please, don't do this to yourself," Pellon pleas.

Ellit looks up at him with teary eyes, "No, I have to." He closes his eyes again and put's pellons cock back in his mouth. Again the memories come flooding back, he tries to force himself to do it but it's too much for him and he pulls off sobbing.

"Ellit, you're going too fast. You're not ready," Pellon says,

Ellit looks back up at Pellon, "But I have to," he sobs.

"Why do you have to?" Pellon asks not understanding why Ellit is being like this.

"B-b-because I-I-I love you," he blurts out.

Pellon immediately drops to his knees and wrapping his arms round him tightly, kisses him passionately. Ellit melts into him.

"No one has ever said that to me before," Pellon say's breaking for air, "it's a bit of a shock."

"B-b-but you d-d-don't love me?" Ellit has another sudden rush of tears.

"No, that's just it," Pellon says huggin him closer, "I do, I fell for you from the moment I first saw you in the square begging, I wanted to talk to you but you always ran away."

"You do?" Ellit asks, eyes wide open.

"Uh huh," Pellon replies nodding, "Tell you what, why don't we just lie back and wank each other off?"

"I'd like that," Ellit says smiling.

They grab some cushions and lie back holding each other close, then grabbing each others cocks they slowly wank each other at the same time watching the orgy before them.

Phabian is now tiring and lowers Will back down. Will then stands up and kisses him, "Wow that was fun!" he says.

Phabian giggles and spinning Will round wraps his big arms around him again. Will's cock is now bouncing in front of Bain's face again as Phabian stroke's his boy's skin once more, Will lifts his arms up and groans in delight as Phabian's fingers tease his skin. Bain see's the huge cock and pulling off his father sucks it in, he alternates between the two and at one point tries to get both in his mouth at the same time, but they are just too big.

Will can feel Phabian's cock pressing in the crack of his ass, "Fuck me please," he asks. Phabian pulls back and spits in his hand to lube up his cock, then he pushes his cock into Will's crack. Will can feel the head against his hole, he relaxes and his sphincter expands, the cock head slips in. Will gasps at the pain and Phabian stops.

"Fuck! Are you ok?" he asks concerned.

"Arrgh! Yeah! Give me a minute," Will gasps. Soon the pain subsides, "I'm ok now,"

Phabian pushes again and his cock slips in deeper, Will gasps now with sheer pleasure.

"Oh yes! Oh fuck me my love!" he shouts.

By now Phabian's cock is completely inside Will and he starts to fuck him, slowly at first and all the time stroking and caressing Will's sexy body.

Vernon get's on his knees and moves behind Bain, he lubes up his cock and places it at Bain's hole, Bain immediately pushes back and Vernon's cock slips in easily. Bain grunts as his father's cock penetrates him and brushes against his prostrate. Bain continues to suck on Wills massive cock as his father starts to fuck him.

"Would you like me to fuck you?" Rafael asks Pingret.

"Oh yes sir that would be wonderful!" Pingret replies eagerly.

The twins stop sucking and licking and hold up Rafael's cock as Pingret lowers himself on it. He gasps in delight as Rafael's cock easily slides in. He drops down and his ass cheeks are now resting on Rafael's groin. Soon he is fucking him self on the Royal cock.
