 Chapter 10: Now that's a touchdown

As I continue my exploits across the country I can't help but smile when I think about what happened in New Mexico. It was 8 years ago, yet I can still remember it as if it was yesterday.

It had been a long trip and I just wanted a couple of days to just unwind and relax. I looked up a friend of mine that I visited frequently when I was in town. There were no sexual situations between us as he was married and very happy. He was a really good friend though. I called him up from the hotel room and told him I would be in town for a couple of days. He invited me over for dinner and I accepted.

It was over dinner that I met Tony's son Alex. He was 19 and on the football team at his college. His team was playing a rival team this weekend and I got invited to go. I wasn't a very big football fan but the way the kid kept looking at me when he thought no one was looking was peeking my interest. All through dinner Alex kept giving me these heated looks. I had to admit he wasn't a bad looking kid. He stood about 5'10" with a medium build and dark blue eyes. His jet black hair fell across his face covering one of his eyes making him look like a pirate wearing a patch.

There were a couple of times when he was sure his father wasn't watching, that Alex looked at me and winked. Another time he ran his tongue seductively over his lips. I had to cough into my napkin to keep from moaning as I felt my cock harden in my pants. When he saw my reaction he grinned and went back to eating his dinner. The final straw for me was when he dropped his napkin. He acted like he was leaning down to get it when he ran his hand up and down over my leg. I looked at him wide eyed as he resurfaced with the napkin in his hand. He just smiled seductively and went back to eating.

I couldn't believe what was happening. I had been friends with Tom since high school. He knew I was gay, but since I never put the moves on him, it didn't affect our friendship. Now his 19 year old son was flirting with me right in front of him and I had no idea what to do about it. I forced myself to concentrate on the conversation as dinner continued. My cock was throbbing and I knew if I didn't get some relief soon I was going to have a mess in my pants. I glanced over at Alex but he was studiously ignoring me now that his father was paying attention.

When the football game got brought up, Alex looked at me with pleading eyes. "Please come Jake." He said with a deep, sexy voice. "My parents come to all my games but it would be nice having someone new there to watch me play." He reached under the table and squeezed my knee. 

I coughed once again and took a drink of my water. "Are you getting a cold old man?" Tom asked looking at me.

I glared at Alex, then looked at Tom. "Yeah I think so, may have to take a few days off of work."

Alex just smiled and went back to eating his dinner as if nothing had happened.

I finally managed to get out of there about an hour later, after promising to go to the game on Saturday. Tom told me to get some rest and Alex licked his lips behind his father's back as he winked at me. I just smiled at Tom and practically ran out of the house.

Back at my hotel room I quickly stripped out of my clothes and lay back on the bed. I grabbed my cock and slowly started stroking it as I closed my eyes and pictured Alex in my head. I had to admit for a kid he was a hell of a looker. Just thinking about him made my cock harden even more and I wondered if he had a nice tight little ass underneath those baggy pants he wore.

I licked my lips thinking about licking that tight little asshole as I stroked my cock faster. I knew I was a dirty old man thinking about a 19 year old kid like this, but he had made me so hot with his heated looks and seductive flirting. I knew I had to steer clear of the kid; he was the son of a friend of mine. But I couldn't help the fact that I wanted him and wanted him bad.

"God I want that kid in my bed." I growled to the empty room as I stroked my cock even faster. Precum was leaking out of the head like water out of a faucet and I felt my balls tightening with need. I reached down and started squeezing them as I jerked my cock harder and faster, my breath coming out in ragged pants as I fought for release.

When it came I cried out and squirted all over my stomach. I still stroked my cock a couple of times to make sure I got all the cum out then slowly released it and lay back panting. I closed my eyes as I relished the feelings coursing through my body. I knew I could never have Alex in my bed, but that didn't stop me from dreaming about him. I got myself cleaned up then climbed under the covers, his name on my lips as I fell into a dreamless sleep.

I woke early on Saturday. The game wasn't until one and it was only a little after 8. Sighing, I climbed out of bed and headed towards the bathroom to shower and get ready to face the day. I had no idea what I was going to do for five hours but I would figure out something. I thought about calling Tom and cancelling. Telling him something like I wasn't feeling well and couldn't make it, but I knew that was the cowards' way out. Plus a part of me really wanted to see Alex again.

I spent a couple of hours cleaning up my hotel room then headed to a local café to get something to eat. By the time I was done it was time to head to the college. I ran into Tom and his family in the parking lot and followed them to the stands where we would watch the game. I kept looking around for Alex, and smiled when he came out of the locker room dressed in his football gear. He turned towards the crowd and waved to us. I felt my cock hardening in my pants once more as I watched him run across the field.

The game was actually fun to watch, Alex's team won by 12 points. They had been behind during the first three quarters, but came from behind to win it. After the game, I followed Tom and his family back down to the parking lot where we waited for Alex to change.

We didn't have to wait long before he was running across the parking lot dressed in a tight pair of jeans and a t-shirt, his hair still wet from his shower. I licked my lips as I watched him and felt my cock harden even more. When he reached us he smiled at me. "Did you enjoy the game Jake?" He asked with a smile.

I couldn't help smiling back. "Yeah, it was great." I looked over at Tom. "Mind if I kidnap your son for a while?" I don't know what came over me, but suddenly I wanted to be alone with Alex. Alex looked at me in surprise then smiled and looked at his father with pleading eyes. "I thought I might take him out for pizza for a well-played game."

Tom looked at his wife who shrugged then looked back at me. "Don't keep him out too late."

I shook my head. "I won't, I promise."

Tom looked at his son for a minute then looked back at me. "Yeah, I guess its okay then." He reached over and gave Alex a hug. "Good game son, we'll see you at home."

Alex smiled into his father's shoulder. "Okay dad, I promise to behave myself."

Tom released him and looked at him sternly. "You better. Jake and I have been friends for a long time; I don't want to hear that you gave him a hard time."

Alex blushed at his father's words and glanced over at me. I was looking at him with a smile on my face as I rocked back and forth on my ankles. "I promise dad." He said looking at his father again.

Tom nodded and put his arm around his wife's waist. "Okay, you two have fun." He looked pointedly at me. "Have him home by 11."

I nodded and smiled. "I promise."

We watched his family walk towards their car, and then I turned to Alex. "You sure this is what you want kid?"

Alex licked his lips and ran his eyes up and down over my body before resting them on my face once more. "Oh hell yes."

I smiled and wrapped my arm around his shoulders. "Okay then, let's go." I led him towards my truck my cock hardening even further at the thought of what I was about to do.

When we got to my hotel room, I unlocked the door and let Alex precede me inside. He looked around for a minute then turned and looked at me. I could tell now that we were here he was suddenly very nervous and I just smiled at him. "We don't have to do this you know." I said softly leaning back against the door.

He glanced over at the bed, and then looked back at me, a look of intense concentration in his eyes. "No, I...I want to." He stammered licking his lips once more.

I looked at him through smoldering eyes. "You keep licking your lips like that and I'm going to bite them." I said huskily.

His eyes widened and he licked his lips once more. I growled and walked towards him like a cat stalking its prey." Alex's eyes widened even more as I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him tight against my body, locking my lips on his.

The kiss was gentle at first, almost teasing. I nibbled at his lips and he gasped against my mouth, then melted against me and started kissing me back. It was obvious he was inexperienced but his enthusiasm was definitely there. When my tongue licked lightly at his lips, he gasped again and opened his mouth, letting my tongue slither inside. I kissed him harder, pulling him tighter against me as I held him tight in my arms.

Alex let me kiss him pretty much at first, unsure what to do. Then he let his tongue tentatively caress mine. I moaned against his mouth and kissed him harder as I moved my hands down over his back and cupped his ass, pulling him tight against me so he could feel my hard cock pressing against him.

Alex moaned into my mouth and rubbed himself against me as he wrapped his arms around my waist clinging to me as he kissed me back hungrily. I kissed him for another minute then slowly pulled away, both of us breathing heavy. He had his eyes closed and he slowly opened them as I released his lips. "Wow." He sighed smiling softly at me.

I smiled as I caressed his cheek with my fingertip. "You ever been kissed before?" I asked huskily.

He shook his head and blushed. "N...Never." He stammered softly.

I released him and took his hand placing it on the bulge in my pants. His eyes widened once more and he tentatively started rubbing his hand against me. When he squeezed me, I moaned and closed my eyes. "Why don't you take it out and see what you have to play with." I said softly looking at him through heated eyes.

He looked up at me surprised. "Really?" He asked softly licking his lips once more.

I smiled and nodded.

He gripped my pants eagerly and almost tore the zipper off in his haste to see my cock. I grabbed his hand and smiled. "Easy tiger, we've got time."

Alex blushed and slowed down his movements. He got my pants open and pushed them down around my knees. I pulled away long enough to pull off my shoes and push my pants and shorts down until I was able to step out of them, then moved towards him once more. He looked down at my hard cock resting against my stomach and licked his lips once more. He tentatively reached out and wrapped his hand around me.

I moaned as he slowly started stroking me. He lifted his eyes to mine and I saw the hunger in them. "C...can I taste it?" he asked softly.

I caressed his cheek and smiled. "Sure, if you want to."

He smiled broadly, and then dropped to his knees in front of me. He continued slowly stroking my cock as he looked at it. Then he slowly lowered his head and licked at the head. I moaned at his soft touch and bucked forward with my hips. He looked up at me curiously then looked back down at my cock. He licked at the head once more, running his tongue all over the hard surface. I reached down and tangled my fingers in his hair and pulled him a bit tighter against me. "Take it in your mouth baby." I sighed huskily.

Alex lifted his eyes to mine once more then lowered his head and took the head of my cock into his mouth, sucking gently at it. I moaned and bucked forward with my hips burying more of my cock in his hungry mouth. His eyes widened as he felt more of my cock slide inside him and he held it in his mouth unsure what to do now that he had it. I ran my fingers through his hair and slowly pulled back only to push into his mouth once more. He lifted his eyes and looked at me. "Suck it baby, move your tongue around it." I sighed softly slowly fucking his face.

He closed his eyes and did as I suggested. I felt his tongue moving slowly over me and cried out as I tightened my fingers in his hair. I started fucking his face a bit faster as he got more courage and sucked me harder. His tongue started swirling all over the hard flesh and my breathing became more labored as he sucked harder at my hard cock. When he reached down and grasped my balls and started squeezing them I cried out and slammed my cock harder into his hungry mouth.

Alex lifted his eyes to mine; they were bright with heat and excitement as I furiously fucked his face. He sucked even harder as he played with my balls, squeezing and rolling them around in his fingers. "Oh fuck, keep that up and I'm going to cum in your hot mouth." I warned pulling on his hair to pull him off of me.

He closed his eyes and locked his lips tighter around my cock, not letting go. He sucked even harder as if he was trying to milk me dry. I closed my eyes as I felt my balls burning with need. "Fuck, here it comes baby." I cried slamming hard into his mouth and letting go.

He choked on the first shot, but was able to swallow it, then hungrily drank up the rest of my cum as it slithered into his mouth.

I pulled back and he let go of my softening cock. When it left his lips he smiled and licked his lips. "That tasted good." He said with a grin.

I chuckled and pulled my shirt over my head throwing it on the floor. I reached down and grabbed him by the arms pulling him to his feet. I captured his lips once more, tasting myself on his tongue as I kissed him.

Alex wrapped his arms up around my neck as he kissed me back and pressed against me. I squeezed his ass and pulled him tighter against me as I devoured his mouth with my own. He moaned and pressed even tighter against me. When I broke the kiss we were both breathing heavy. I looked down at him through hooded eyes. "It's your turn little one." I said running my finger over his nose. "Show me what you've got."

He blushed then reached down and undid his shoes kicking them off. He pulled his shirt over his head then reached for the button on his jeans. He slowly opened his pants and pushed them and his shorts down over his legs. When he was able to step out of them he kicked them to the side then stood there looking down.

I ran my hand over his chest, taking his nipple between my fingers and pulling gently on it. Alex gasped and lifted his eyes to mine. I smiled and did it again. "Feels good doesn't it?" I asked huskily.

Alex nodded as he stared at me wide eyed. I smiled again and lowered my head running my tongue over the sensitive flesh. I took his nipple between my lips and sucked hard at it. Alex moaned and tossed his head back as he cupped my head holding me against him. I pulled on his other nipple as I worked the first one with my lips and tongue. He whimpered and pressed against me. "Oh Jake, that feels so good." He moaned.

I moved over to the other nipple and gave it the same treatment, then started kissing my way down his body until I was kneeling before him. I watched him suck in his breath as he stared down at me. I reached out and took his 8 inch cock in my hand and slowly started stroking it as I lifted my eyes to his.

He ran his hand lightly over my face as he let out his breath slowly. "A...are you going to suck on my cock?" He asked softly.

I leaned forward and kissed the tip of his cock then looked up at him again. He had sucked in his breath once more and was holding it as he looked down at me. I reached down and cupped his balls, caressing them with my fingers. "Breathe baby." I told him with a smile.

He let his breath out slowly his eyes never leaving mine. When I leaned forward and took the head of his cock between my lips he moaned and bucked forward with his hips. I relished the taste of his hard cock as I slowly caressed his balls with my fingers. Alex whimpered and tangled his fingers in my hair as he tipped his head back and closed his eyes.

I worked my tongue over the head of his cock, and then started bobbing my head back and forth taking more of his cock into my mouth. It didn't take long before Alex was breathing heavy and fucking against me furiously. I grabbed his ass and squeezed it as I sucked harder at his cock, letting it slide down into my throat. "Oh my god." He cried as he felt my throat muscles massaging him. He fucked my face harder as I worked him in and out of my mouth, sucking hard at his tender flesh. His breathing became more ragged as he tightened his fingers in my hair. "Oh god Jake, I'm going to cum." He cried suddenly seconds before he exploded in my mouth.

I drank up his cum eagerly then pulled back until I had just the head of his cock in my mouth. I dug my tongue against his piss hole searching for more and he moaned hotly. Alex was breathing hard and clinging to me as his legs shook from his intense orgasm. I pulled my mouth away and stood up pulling him gently into my arms. "How was that baby?" I asked softly running my hand lightly up and down over his back.

Alex clung to me, his face buried in my chest as his breathing slowly returned to normal. When he was sure his legs weren't going to collapse under him he pulled back and looked up at me. "TH...that was fantastic." He sighed with a smile.

I smiled and lifted him into my arms, carrying him over to the bed. I lay him back on the bed then climbed on beside him. "I take it that was your first blowjob?"

He blushed and lowered his eyes. "Yes." He sighed softly.

I put my finger under his chin and lifted his head until he was looking at me. "I have a very serious question now Alex." I purred caressing his cheek with my finger.

He looked at me, "what's that?"

I ran my hand lightly over his face. "Do you want to fuck me or do you want me to fuck you?"

His eyes widened and he licked his lips nervously. "Y...you would let me fuck you?" He asked stunned.

I chuckled. "Oh yeah, I love having a hard cock drilling in and out of my tight ass."

He bit his lip as he looked at me. "Um...I...I want you to fuck me. I want to feel your cock inside me." He stammered softly.

I looked at him, "have you ever been fucked before?" I knew the answer before he shook his head. I sighed and nodded. "Okay." I moved off the bed and went to my bag. I pulled a condom and a bottle of lube out then moved back onto the bed. Alex was where I left him watching me.

I put the condom and lube beside me on the bed then gently pushed on his stomach until he was lying on his back. "Pull your legs up to your chest." I told him.

He did as he was told and looked at me with hungry eyes. "Are you going to fuck me now?" He asked licking his lips once more.

I shook my head as I opened the bottle of lube and squirted some on my finger. "No...Now I'm going to get you ready to take my cock."

His eyes widened as he held tight to his legs. "How are you going to do that?"

I smiled and held up my finger, covered with lube. Then I reached down between his legs and spread his ass cheeks open. I rubbed the finger lightly against his asshole. Alex moaned and wiggled his hips as he clung to his legs. I rubbed it around a little more then slowly pressed inside him. He gasped as he felt my finger stretching his unused hole. I pushed my finger up to the second knuckle then slowly pulled back out. I pulled out to the first knuckle the entered him once more. Alex whimpered and started wiggling his hips harder. I looked up at him and smiled. He had his eyes closed and his mouth open a little. "How does it feel?" I asked slowly fingering his ass.
