 Chapter 12 Room Service Anyone?

North Dakota, now there was an interesting trip. Over the years, I got into a routine when I went to the different states around the country. If I went to a town or state multiple times, I got to the point where I would just stay at the same places over and over again. Especially if I got good service there; if not I would find somewhere else to stay.

This place happened to be one where I got great service so I pretty much spent all my time when I was off road at the same motel. I usually ended up in the same room every time and it got to the point where the concierge and I were on a first name basis. Beginning to see a pattern here? I sure did, for some reason my boss liked giving me runs to North Dakota. I don't know why, maybe he just liked the scenery or perhaps he had another motivation. To be honest even now I don't know why he likes that place so much but I go wherever the run sends me so I ended up there a lot over the years.

Another thing is I can be pretty dense at times. You would think after four or five years of going to the same place, I would pick up on certain things. Maybe it is just being tired after being on the road, or maybe I really am that blind. Of course you're completely confused now aren't you? I know I would be if I was reading this. Well let me tell you, this was one experience that I love to revisit over and over again. Hopefully after that little comment I got you curious so I will explain what happened. Maybe you can forgive me for not seeing the signs, he sure did.

I got my first run to Bismarck, North Dakota about 10 years ago. It was late Friday night and the place I needed to drop my load was closed until Monday. So instead of sleeping in my truck like I usually did, I decided since I just got paid to spoil myself and get a hotel room for the weekend. I stopped for dinner at a local diner and asked some of the locals where the best hotel was. They told me and I headed there after dropping my truck off at the local truck stop. I paid for the weekend and headed to my room.

Now normally when I stay in hotels, they are places like the Motel 6; nice but nothing really fancy. I may make good money running across the country but I admit I'm pretty frugal when it comes to places to stay. Like I said, I decided to splurge and ended up at a really nice place. It had an indoor pool, room service and even a sauna. There was even a Jacuzzi in the hotel room.

I took a shower and decided to just lay back and watch TV for a while before hitting the sack. I was still keyed up from the drive and even though the shower relaxed me, I wasn't ready for bed just yet. I lay there for a while flipping through the channels and decided I wanted something sweet to munch on. So I looked at the menu beside the phone and called up room service. I ordered a hot fudge sundae with extra hot fudge and they told me they would send someone up with it shortly. I hung up the phone and lay back on the bed and went back to watching the old movie on TV.

Now since I was relaxing I didn't think about the fact that all I was wearing was a pair of tight shorts that really showed off the bulge between my legs. Someone knocked at the door and I got up and answered it. A man stood there about 5'9", slender with dirty blonde hair that fell over his eyes and a million dollar smile. He was pushing a cart in front of him. He smiled at me and let his eyes move over my near naked body. When his eyes drifted to my crotch his smile got even wider and he licked his lips.

Now I can claim that I was just tired from being on the road, but more n likely I was just ignorant. I didn't notice any of this. When he asked me where I wanted it, I pointed to over by the bed and moved aside to let him into the room. He moved over by the bed and I swear he was just oozing sexuality in the way he moved. When he turned back to me he had a huge smile on his face and a bulge in his uniform. He asked if there was anything else I needed and I could hear the invitation in his voice. Of course being the idiot I am, I just smiled and thanked him and let him leave. When he left there was such a wiggle to his ass that would make any man drool.

After I closed the door after him, I grabbed my sundae and lay back on the bed and went back to watching TV. After wards, I turned off the light and went to bed no wiser to the fact that I could have gotten laid with no questions asked.

Over the course of the weekend, I pretty much stayed to my room. I went down to the pool a couple times and did some laps but that was about it. I didn't associate with the other guests and I pretty much stayed to myself. When I ordered room service it was always the same guy who brought me my food and he always had an invitation in his eyes and smile. By Sunday his advances were getting a bit more obvious. He would accidentally brush against me, his hand brushing against my crotch or he would lean over giving me a perfect view of his tight ass. But unfortunately I was oblivious to all this. I didn't think anything of the fact that he kept brushing his body against mine. When he said sorry I would just smile and tell him it's cool. I could tell he was disappointed that I didn't pick up his signals but in my defense all I can say is I had to be blind or completely naive.

Monday morning I paid my bill and headed to my truck. I never gave a thought to the hot room service guy who practically drooled over me. I dropped my load then headed for my next destination none the wiser.

Over the next five years, I made a lot of trips to Bismarck. It seemed like I was going there at least two or three times a year. Sometimes more, and since I had such good service at that hotel I went back. Every time I ordered room service it was the exact same hunk that brought my food and every time he put the moves on me and I just completely blew him off. He told me once that for a while he wondered if I wasn't straight and that's why I never noticed. That idea kind of went out the window though when about two years ago I was staying there and brought a guy back to the room I had picked up in a bar. Talk about jealousy, when the room service guy who's name was Tim by the way showed up and saw the half-naked man lying on my bed, got talk about claws. He kept shooting daggers at the other guy and was very cold to me when he served the food.

Of course me being oblivious like I was, I just figured he was having a bad day and shook it off after he stormed out. So I bet you are wondering if I ever realized what was going on. It took a while but I finally figured out what he was up to and boy did I feel like a fool.

Like I said I had been going there for about five years and always stayed in the same room. It was Saturday morning and I was hungry so I ordered room service and went in to shower while I waited for my food. When I heard the knock at the door, I was dressed in nothing but a towel wrapped around my waist. Now after five years of the same guy bringing me my food time after time, somehow I figured they wouldn't shift people on me, so I answered the door in just my towel.

There Tim stood looking hot as hell in his uniform. He walked into the room pushing the cart and barely glanced at me. I stood there watching the cart and barely glancing at him when he turned to me. "Will there be anything else?" he asked letting his eyes drift over me.

I turned to the cart and started lifting the lids off the food. "Nope." I said looking over at him.

He sighed and started for the door. Then suddenly I heard the door close and him start yelling at me. "Are you blind or just plain stupid?" he yelled.

I looked up from the food in surprise and looked at him. His hair was disheveled and he was breathing hard as he looked at me. I opened my mouth to respond but never got the chance because he threw himself at me and wrapped his arms around my neck as he pulled my lips to his. I stood there in shock for a minute as he pressed himself against me. It didn't take long before he was kissing me harder, the kiss demanding a response and I gave him one. I wrapped my arms around him, pulled him tight against me and kissed him back with everything I had in me. He moaned against my mouth and pressed his tongue against my lips. I opened my mouth and when his tongue swooped in, it was my turn to moan. I grabbed his ass and squeezed it as I kissed him hard.

He whimpered and pressed harder against me. When we finally broke apart, we were both breathing hard and there was a heat in his eyes I had never seen before. I stood there staring at him as he looked at me. "What the hell just happened?" I stammered trying to catch my breath.

He laughed and pressed harder against me. "I swear you are the blindest man I have ever met."

I looked at him, "What do you mean?"

He moved away from me and just leaned against the door. "I have wanted you for five freaken years. I have done everything I can think of to get your attention and you just blew me off. For a while I thought you were straight until I saw the guy you brought to the room. Then I wondered if maybe I just wasn't your type. But I have watched you over the years, watched the guys you bring back here and they aren't much different than I am." He ran his fingers through his hair and sighed. "I told myself I was going to give it one last try, if you blew me off again, that was it." His eyes met mine and I realized he had tears in his eyes. I reached out for him but he just put his hand up and shook his head. "No, don't touch me." I dropped my hand and just stared at him. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly and seemed to compose himself so he looked at me again. "I was just going to leave, but I knew if I didn't do something now you would never see me. Now if you turn me away at least I gave it a shot."

I just stood there staring at him. I could see how he would think I wasn't interested in the way I treated him over the years. The problem was I was interested in him; very interested. My cock was hard and pressing against the towel as I stared at him. How could I have not seen him? He was gorgeous and exactly my type. I shook my head and laughed. He narrowed his eyes and glared. "I'm sorry, I am such a fool." I said trying to control my laughter.

He crossed his arms over his chest and glared at me. "I don't like being laughed at." He snarled.

I reached out and ran my hand down over his chest then pulled him into my arms. "I'm not laughing at you, I swear, I'm laughing at myself."

He reached out and ran his hand down over my face. "Why?"

I leaned down and kissed him softly then looked into his eyes. "For being such a fool and being blind. How could I not see you? How could I not see what you wanted? Especially since I wanted it too."

He looked at me curiously, almost as if he was afraid to hope. "Really?"

I pulled him tight against me and kissed him hungrily, he tangled his fingers in my hair and kissed me back with the same passion I felt. I felt his cock pressing against me and ground myself against him. He moaned and kissed me harder. When I pulled back he was smiling. "Really." I said breathlessly.

He cupped my face and just stared into my eyes. "I have wanted you for so long. I can't believe you really want me back."

I gripped his ass and pulled him even tighter against me. "Well believe it, I have been a blind fool. Can you ever forgive me?"

He pulled out of my arms and smiled. "Of course I forgive you. But now I have to go back to work." He headed for the door.

I stood there dumbfounded. "But..."

He turned back and smiled at me. "Relax, I'll be back after my shift. That is if you want me to come back."

I felt my cock throbbing against my stomach and sighed. "Oh yes, please come back."

He smiled and blew me a kiss then opened the door and he was gone. I stood there in shock feeling like a complete fool and having a hard cock and no way to get release without using my hand. I told myself it was my punishment for not noticing him sooner and if he didn't come back it was no more than what I deserved.

I took a deep breath and let it out then turned ot the food that had gotten cold. I ate it anyway then sat on the bed wondering how I had missed him for five years. I really had to be blind or an idiot. I was sure he wasn't coming back and it hit me like a ton of bricks. I had ruined a possibly good thing and I felt like hell because of it. I lay back on the bed and just stared at the ceiling wondering what might have been.

I must have fallen asleep because when I heard the knock at the door I came awake with a start. It was dark in the room so I turned on the lamp beside the bed and got up to answer the door. Tim stood there looking hotter than he had this morning in a pair of tight jeans and a t-shirt that seemed molded to his chest. I rubbed my eyes and moved back so he could enter the room. "I didn't think you were going to come back." I said closing the door behind him.

He moved over by the bed and turned to look at me. "I thought you wanted me to. If you didn't..."

I put my hand up. "Oh no, I did. It's just I figured after ignoring you for five years you would decide I wasn't worth your time."

He smiled and moved towards me. "I'm not that kind of guy. When I find something I want, I don't give it up easily." He wrapped his arms around my waist and just looked at me.

I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him softly. "That's good to know."

Sometime when I was sleeping the towel had fallen off and I just realized I was standing there holding him naked. I blushed but he just smiled and dropped to his knees in front of me. He reached out and grabbed my half hard cock and looked up at me. "I have been dreaming of this for five years."

I ran my fingers through his hair and smiled. "Well you don't have to dream anymore."

He grinned up at me. "Yeah I know." He lowered his head and kissed the head of my cock. I moaned and watched him as he darted out his tongue and ran it lovingly over the head of my cock. I whimpered and closed my eyes as I tangled my fingers in his hair. When he took the head of my cock into his mouth and sucked at it, I damn near creamed right then. His lips were so soft and felt so good wrapped around me.

When he started bobbing his head up and down over me, I cried out and bucked my hips against him pushing more of my cock into his mouth. I started slowly fucking his face as he wrapped his tongue around me. I felt my cock harden in his mouth and leaked precum which he drank up greedily then went digging around for more. He tightened his lips around me as he sucked hard at my cock letting it slither in and out of his mouth.

I fucked his face faster as I felt my balls start to burn. Cries and moans were escaping my lips and my fingers were tangled so tight in his hair I was sure it was causing him pain. He just sucked harder at my cock and didn't let up even a little bit. His tongue was everywhere and I was sure I was going to break into a thousand pieces before he was finished. I started panting and fucked his face even harder. He whimpered and sucked me deeper, even letting the head of my cock slip into his throat. He massaged me with his throat muscles and I let out a cry as I couldn't hold back anymore. I filled his mouth with my cum and he drank it up then pulled back licking his lips.

I let go of him as he lifted his head and looked up at me with a smile. "You taste as good as I always knew you would."

I reached down and pulled him up by his arms and pulled him into my arms kissing him hard. He melted against me and kissed me back as he tangled his fingers in my hair. I pulled back and looked at him through heat filled eyes. "I wanna taste you now." I said breathlessly.

He grinned and looked at me as he pulled out of my arms and just stood there staring at me. "I'm all yours." He held his arms out as he stood there grinning.

I dropped to my knees and tore at the fastenings of his jeans. I pulled them open and pulled his jeans and shorts down until they were wrapped around his knees. His 8 inch cock sprung free and hit his stomach. I looked at it hungrily and licked my lips. He rested his hands on my shoulders and just smiled down at me as I looked at his cock. I reached up and grabbed it and slowly stroked it a couple times before I lowered my head and took the head into my mouth.

Tim moaned and ran his fingers through my hair as I teased him with my lips and tongue. I whipped my tongue over the head in a fashion that had him whimpering and pushing against me. "Suck me baby, I need to feel your mouth around me." He bucked forward with his hips but I kept my lips locked around just the head. I sucked harder at the head and he cried out and slammed forward with his hips. I smiled around his cock and let his cock slip further into my mouth. As he felt me take more of him, he cried out and rocked his body back and forth slowly.

I worked my tongue and lips over his hard length and he whimpered and started fucking my face, slowly at first then faster as I sucked him harder and deeper. "Oh fuck, that feels so good." He sighed working his cock furiously in and out of my mouth.

I whipped my tongue over him and he whimpered. When I grazed his flesh with my teeth he cried out and fucked my face even harder and faster. His breathing became ragged and I knew it was just a matter of time before I got a mouthful of delicious cum. His fingers were locked in my hair and he jerked my face back and forth over him. "Fuck, suck that cock. Oh fuck I'm going to cum." He cried fucking my face faster.

I reached up and grabbed his balls and squeezed them as I went to town on his cock. My lips and tongue were everywhere, pulling and sucking and he was crying out like crazy. At the first blast I swallowed fast then let the rest pool up in my mouth so I could taste it. I closed my eyes as I savored the taste of his cum then slowly swallowed and let his cock slip from between my lips.

He pulled me to my feet and locked his lips on mine, tasting himself on my tongue. I kissed him back then pulled away and smiled. "You might want to finish getting undressed unless you want to leave now." I said with a chuckle.

He grinned and moved over to the bed and sat down on the edge and pulled off his boots. "Oh hell no, I want that sweet piece up my ass."

I smiled and watched as he undressed. His body came into view and I felt my cock start to harden once more. "You are hot." I sighed looking at him as he stood up and pushed his jeans down over his legs.

He smiled and licked his lips. "I know so are you." He finished undressing and moved towards me once more. He dropped to his knees and took my semi hard cock in his hand. "I want this up my ass." He purred.

I chuckled and ran my fingers through his hair. "Then get me hard baby."

He looked up at me and grinned then lowered his head and took my cock back into his mouth. This time he wasn't playing around, he went at it like a man possessed. His head bobbed up and down over me furiously and it wasn't long before I was fucking his face and whimpering. He pulled his mouth off me and stroked me a couple of times as he looked up at me with heat filled eyes. "Fuck me stud."

I moved towards the bed and reached into the nightstand drawer. I pulled out a condom and a bottle of lube. I worked the condom down over my length as he climbed on to the bed and got in the middle of it on his hands and knees with his ass facing me. He looked over his shoulder at me and wiggled his ass. "Come get me, I'm so hot."

I climbed onto the bed behind him and spread his ass cheeks open. I lowered my head and attacked his asshole with my tongue. I licked around his hole then pushed my tongue inside him and worked it in and out. Tim moaned and pressed back against me. "Oh fuck, yeah, lick my ass. That feels so hot."
