 My boyfriend Dave goes to the gym. It's not exactly all mod cons, out in the sticks, they call it a 'weight training centre' but it has the stuff he needs to work out and keep in shape whilst I go to the swim club 3 times a week. But in France it seems the pool must be drained twice a year so I have to find other ones in the vicinity who empty at different times and therefore remain open in order to get my sessions in and stay clean, chlorinated and healthy. 

Now as happens the world over, some idiot leaves a valve open or unplug something they shouldn't over a weekend and you're screwed. The one pool that I can get to and that should have been open was, unexpectedly closed. Leaving me all undressed and nowhere to go. So Dave suggested I tag along with him as my swim club membership slowed me entry to his training room. I reluctantly agreed, having enjoyed to some degree circuit training when we lived in London.

Now lone exercise (or indeed with a know it all boyfriend) isn't really my bag but off we went. After the obligatory introductions, which thankfully took up a good few minutes, we set to work. We were last to arrive for the morning session and probably were going to be the last to leave as the regulars (and there weren't many of them) drifted off one by one. That left us 2, at opposite sides of the hall on different pieces of equipment, and Olivier, the son of the centre manager. He was a good looking lad with mousey brown hair, cut short but not cropped, and blue green eyes. His father had left and said goodbye and Dave said he was ready to go shower. He bade farewell to Olivier and off we went.

"He never showers," said Dave, explaining that Olivier was a regional champion weightlifter so came back later and trained again. He either washed at home or just took the one shower at the end of his second session, something I wasn't convinced was too hygienic but as he hadn't worked up a sweat and could have lifted me up with just one arm, I kept my counsel. 

We were in the shower when the door to the changing room opened. Dave had said we would be the last out and we'd have to use an alternative exit so I was surprised to hear anybody and concerned for our clothes and valuables, well just a watch really. It was Olivier, sorting out his affairs and gym bag and undressing. I couldn't see much without looking like a perv so I continued showering. There were 4 showers, all in a line, communal, and I had the one furthest from the corner. The one between Dave and I was not being used, nor the one in the corner. And then Olivier was stood next to me, naked but holding his towel in front of his stomach and cock. 

"Dave, have you any gel I could use?" he asked.

Of course we had and Dave passed the gel across, via myself, to Olivier. 

"Great, thanks, I have an appointment in an hour so aren't going home," he said.

He hung his towel on the hook nearest his shower and I turned to take a peek at him, naked. His buttocks were smooth, muscular and as white as snow, sunbathing clearly not being one of his hobbies. Judging by his toned upper back torso, weights were his only passion. He turned to face the water and I strained to take a sideways glance at his cock too. He caught me looking, of that I was sure and I quickly looked away and then turned and coolly asked if I could have some of the shower gel. He passed it to me and I glanced down to see his front, down to his cock. His pecs were as white and muscular as his buttocks (equally hairless) and as he raised his arms to wash his pits, I noticed they too had been shaved. Many sportsmen do the full body hair removal thing and he was no exception so when I saw his hairless cock I was thrilled and delighted. Plus, it wasn't as long as I had expected so the lack of pubes probably made it look more substantial than it actually was. It lay atop of a very plump pair of bollocks, and they stayed near to his groin, not hanging too low.

That said, what his cock lacked in length in his flaccid state, he seemed to made up for in girth. It was quite an impressive width. He asked for the gel and I passed it back and that's how the 3 of us continued for a few minutes, showering and soaping, mainly in silence other than the sound of the water splashing on our bodies and draining away.

I took the opportunity to take another peek at his cock before I got out of the shower, only this time it was no longer hanging down but sticking horizontally outwards. I wondered if I hadn't noticed it earlier, if indeed it was always at such an angle, as it hadn't grown much in length although I thought it had swelled a little. My shower head had stopped watering me and I began to use my hands to take the excess water off me before reaching for my towel. I smiled at Olivier and he smiled back then nodded down at his cock. I looked down and it remained at right angle to his smooth, solid stomach.

"We're having another baby. So no sex for me. Sorry about this, I just find with soap and..." he said.

"No worries, but take my shower, it's further from the door in case anyone comes in," I replied. I hadn't yet got out and he started to squeeze past me, placing a hand on my waist to gently pass by me. The end of his erect cock touched my own arse cheek and he seemed to stay there a second or two longer than was innocent. So instead of getting out of the shower, I swapped places with him and he was now- wet and soaped up- fully erect and in between Dave and I.

Dave had only seen Olivier naked one before and apparently never erect, he had showered once with some of his weight training friends. So this was a whole new experience for him too. I took the initiative and reached over to Olivier's cock.

"Soap it like this," I said, gently and slowly wanking his stubby dick and with each stroke I pulled back his loose foreskin a little more until the head was completely exposed and was being generously watered by the shower above.

"Feels good," he said, closing his eyes as I wanked away. When I felt he was rinsed of shower gel, something no one surely likes the taste of, Dave took over stroking slowly and surely as I knelt down and took the head of his cock in to my mouth. I didn't take the full shaft initially as I enjoyed licking around the end of his knob and tonguing his piss slit. I was concerned too not to take things too fast as I doubted he'd shot for a while from what he said and I wanted to savour it. That said, almost immediately, I got a taste of a huge drop of precum, salty and quite sweet at the same time, and was worried he was going to blow straight away.

Dave stood next to him but turned so that he could play and caress his nuts whilst I licked and tongue teased his knob end. This continued for a while and he seemed almost in a trance. I took his length in my mouth fully, it was easy but completely filled it as the impressive girth grew even more. Dave toyed with Olivier's bollocks some more and ran his other hand over his pecs and down his stomach. 

I rocked my head backwards and forwards a little, each time having his bell end hit the back of the roof of my mouth, and grabbed his manly butt cheeks with my hands. He speeded up the process somewhat, rocking himself now and the rocking speeded up. I knew his explosion was imminent so I sucked harder until he let out a moan he tried to stifle but failed miserably, at the same time as the first spurt of his pent up frustration hit the back of my mouth. This was followed by a second, third and fourth yelp of pleasure and each noise was accompanied with a spurt of his man cream. Each time, Dave squeezed his nut sack a little tighter to empty what was within into my thirsty gob. I gripped his buttocks firm as I wanted all of his jizz and I thought I'd got it so released my hold. I swallowed slowly as his cock slipped from my mouth but I saw a large drip of spunk forming at his cock hole and lent in with my tongue out to lick it clean. He had tasted really good, not too thick and gluey as I had feared, but almost like a voluminous and less sweet version of the precum I had so enjoyed.

I stood up and looked at Dave, we both had hard ons but they could wait for now, from experience the last thing some 'straight' guy wants is a post coital conversation with the gay guy or guys he's just ejaculated in or over. We showered quickly and quietly, drying and dressing at speed too, before each saying a cheery 'au revoir' and departing, leaving him washing away his guilt with our shower gel. And of course, Dave fucked my arse good that afternoon for what I had done to his gym buddy.

I haven't been to the gym since and he still keeps a cool demeanour towards Dave when he sees him but his wife hasn't had the baby yet and the swimming pool is closed again next week. So maybe I will pop along...