 I'm a curious guy by nature. I like to find the answers to questions that start "what happens if I...?" And that is how I ended up downstairs in room one of the Family Sauna on my knees with my ass facing the wide open doorway, a pile of condoms and a bottle of lube next to my left knee, and a large pink butt plug sticking out of my ass.

I'd posted the following on the cruise page for the Sauna: "White male chub will be at the Sauna the afternoon of the 27th by 1:00. I'll be in room one with a butt plug in my ass. Come on in, put on a condom, lube up, pull the plug, and fuck me. No need to engage in conversation. Just fuck. When you are done, put the plug back in. Get it up again? Feel free to have another go. I'll be there until 4. If there's more than one guy in the room, I'll be happy to suck one while the other uses my ass. I have a nice, tight, ass and you won't be sorry if you decide to fuck it."

I remember how scared I felt after I'd clicked the button to make this post "live" on the site. I also posted the same message to the bulletin board for my community and on Craig's List. WTF was I thinking? I guess I'd find out. My biggest fear was that I'd be there all afternoon and no one would take me up on my offer. That would be completely humiliating. It was, based on my experience of the place, a distinct possibility. Some days the action is scarce and the only guys there are meeting other guys by appointment. Personally I'd long ago resolved not to go there without a specific appointment myself. Well, I'd just have to see.

I got there just before one, paid my fee, tipped the cashier, got my towels and locker key and headed down stairs. I stripped, showered, and made a quick survey -- there were a couple of older guys sitting in the TV room watching gay porn and surreptitiously stroking their cocks. Two guys taking steam. A couple in room five in a sixty-nine. One guy in the other TV room watching the National Geographic channel. Several guys with towels around their waists wandering the halls. It was time. Room one was unoccupied as I stepped into its semi-darkness. Placing the box of condoms I'd brought next to a bottle of lube on the bed, I prepared. Moments later I was on my knees on the bed, my plugged ass facing the door. My cock was throbbing. A steady stream of precum dripped onto the towel I'd placed under me. A combination of terror and lust made the blood pound in my ears. I was nervous as a virgin at a prison rodeo. I don't wear a watch and I don't take my phone with me when I go to the Family Sauna. I had no idea how to gauge the time I spent waiting on my knees. What if no one showed up or walked into the room? What if guys just stood in the doorway and chuckled -- "look at the cock pig with the pink plug in his ass." Had I been there half an hour or only moments? Several times I heard low voices in the hall and the sound of footsteps going past, pausing as the Sauna's denizens checked me out. So far no takers. I was on edge. I hadn't touched my cock but I felt like I was already on the verge of an orgasm.

More sounds of bare feet on the bare floor. Steps halted. Sounded like two guys. The only light in room one is that which comes in from the hall. I knew someone was there because the light changed. I sensed them step into the room. A low voice murmured "you take him first while he sucks me." I nearly fainted with relief. I think I must have let out a small moan because I heard the guys chuckle. I heard the rustle of a condom package being torn open; felt the bed shift as someone crawled up in front of me; felt a cock brush my lips; opened my mouth and took it in; hands on my head guiding me; an average cock -- not big enough to be uncomfortable to suck -- was soon sawing in and out of my mouth; I smelled the scent of freshly washed man -- the musk was there but with overtones of the organic soap they keep in the shower here; more rustling noises; hand on my ass; I felt the plug moving as he teased me with it, gently fucking me a bit before slowly pulling it out. I reached back with both hands and spread my ass cheeks. He put his hand on my back to steady himself and then I felt the tip of his cock at my slightly gaping hole. I heard his sigh of pleasure and moaned around the dick in my mouth as I felt a cock slowly slide into me. This guy had big hanging balls and I felt them against my own scrotum as he hilted himself. Two hands on my hips and he went to work, sawing in and out. I was spit roasted for the first time in my life. Bliss! No one spoke. We grunted with pleasure. My cock bobbed and jerked as the two men got into a push-me-pull-you rhythm.

I sensed more guys enter the room. Someone reached under my belly and began playing with my cock. I nearly came on the spot. I was doing my best to give the guy in front of me a good no hands blow job. I didn't want him to cum in my mouth; I just wanted to keep him hard so he could be next in my ass. The guy fucking my ass knew what he was doing and his cock banged my prostate on every stroke sending waves of pleasure across my entire nervous system. More cock stroking and someone was playing with my nipples. The guy in my ass picked up the pace, grunting with effort. Suddenly he grabbed my ass tight and slammed all the way in. I felt his dick jerk inside me and I squeezed my ass muscles for all I was worth, milking him, as he groaned through an orgasm.

"Yeah, man, that's the way," the guy in my mouth said in a low voice, "I'm next." The guy in my ass pulled out, leaving me empty for a bit. Then I was filled fore and aft once more. The cycle repeated for a while -- must have had four or five guys take me before what I later thought of as "the big event." I was sucking a guy while my ass was fucked and the guy in my ass came and withdrew. The guy in my mouth pulled out and was quickly replaced by another guy -- this one had a huge dick and I was soon gagging on it until I adjusted. And then my ass was filled again. Even with a condom on, it didn't take him long to blow his load; guess all that sucking while he watched his buddy bang me must have gotten him to the edge.

"Awwww...fuck!" he cried as his balls emptied themselves into the rubber. 

I don't know how many guys were in the room now. At least three or four. I didn't care. I had a cock in my mouth and one in my ass and that was what mattered to me. The big dick in my mouth disappeared and another took its place. I trembled in anticipation. I knew I was about to take the biggest cock I'd ever had in my ass. It had felt like about 8 to 10 inches when I was sucking it -- I hadn't managed to get more than half of it in my mouth.

"You ready for this," a voice from behind me asked, rhetorically.

And then I felt it. A massive erection was slowly, very slowly, pushing into my already pretty well used ass. It was a good thing I'd had the plug followed by two reasonably sized guys before guy three got to me or I never would have been able to take it. Pure pleasure with a little discomfort thrown in -- his cock moved slowly inside me taking forever to get all the way inside. I pushed back with my hips.

"Slow down partner," he murmured, "don't be greedy."

He had his hands on my hips and he held me in place while he worked inch after inch of that big dick into my bowels. I used to have an 8 inch dildo that I played with. Never got more than six inches of it inside of me because I was afraid of losing it and having to explain to someone in the ER why I had a large chunk of silicon shoved up my ass. I was groaning continually now around the dick in my mouth as I felt the inexorable progress of guy number three as he pushed himself into me. It seemed to take forever for him to get balls deep, but he eventually did. He flexed his cock. I wanted to scream with pleasure.

Someone slid under me on the bed and I was in a sixty nine with a cock in my face and my own being taken to the balls in a hungry mouth. I was nearly there and mister big dick hadn't even started fucking me yet. Some guys will just jump on and rabbit, hammering away until they blow a load. I don't care much for that. I prefer a guy who will take his time. This guy was one of those.

"You like that big cock in your ass," he said as he began to pull back. I moaned in response. He laughed. "Ever have one this big before? Bet you haven't. When I'm done you'll have trouble keeping that butt plug in your ass, pig."

I whimpered. I didn't know whether to scream, cum, run out of the room crying for my mother, or what. I was a hot mess. The mouth on my dick was sucking me for all it was worth. I knew that my orgasm was about to present its invoice for payment. The moment of no return was fast approaching. I hoped the guy under me was really hungry because I hadn't cum for five days (on purpose) and had a big load saved up. But I didn't want to cum yet. I pulled my cock out of the hungry, sucking, mouth beneath me and focused on the cock in my own mouth. His hips were pumping and my nose was buried in his balls on every down stroke. The combination of the cock in my ass and the one in my mouth was almost more stimulation than I could handle. Precum continued to leak from my cock and the guy under me was licking it up as fast as it collected.

I love edging and this was heaven. I had a gigantic dick in my ass and it was pushing my prostate around just right. If that guy under me took my cock in his mouth one more time I was going to lose it. He seemed to sense what I wanted though and just licked the tip when a drop of fluid appeared helping keep me on the edge of an orgasm without pushing me over it. His licking stopped though when his own climax began to loom. I felt the change as his hip movements became more pronounced along with his verbalizations.

"Fuck! I'm gonna cum! Get ready!" he groaned. I grabbed his hips and pulled his dick into my mouth as far as I could get it just in time for his first blast of thick, ropey, cum to explode into my throat. Fortunately I had taken a nice deep breath just a moment earlier because I was busy swallowing for the next twenty seconds or so. It was one of the biggest loads I've ever swallowed and I very nearly gagged on the volume. I kept sucking until he pulled out of my mouth. He lay there panting under me, watching my ass get ploughed -- what a sight that must have been.

That big cock was really banging me now. I was being well and truly fucked. He was grunting with exertion on every stroke slamming his big unit in to the balls. The guy under me must have started doing something back there as well because I heard Mr. Big Dick gasp suddenly and then slam all the way in and hold my hips against him.

"Aaaahhhhhhhhh," he sighed as he filled a condom with his frothy tribute.

I felt his cock jerk and then he was fucking me again, hard, and I was squeezing him as well as I could. The guy beneath me sheathed my cock in his mouth again and the combination sent me into orbit. I came. And came. And came. Each stroke of that big hammer in my ass sent another wave of jizz from my balls into the throat of that lucky fellow under me. I'll give him his due though -- he swallowed it all. I don't know how much time passed but I suddenly found myself alone in the room, at least for the moment. The plug was back in my ass but I wasn't on my knees any longer. I had collapsed in a heap on the bed, spent for the moment, and feeling a warm lassitude wash over me. My asshole was sore but I felt wonderful.

I was laying on my side, half my body bathed in the hallway light. My ass was still pointed at the doorway. There were still people in the room. I heard someone being sucked.

"I'm gonna try him now," one said, and I felt the bed move as someone got on it with me. The plug was removed and I felt a body next to mine followed by the sensation of a cock seeking my hole. I reached down and gripped the condom covered dick and guided it to my back door. It slid in easily but I clamped down as best I could so as to give my penetrator as much pleasure as possible.

"Damn, he's still tight," I heard him say.

This guy was hung too. Not as well-endowed as the fellow before him, but substantial none the less. I like spoon position fucking. It's not as physically demanding for the one being fucked. I was comfortable, riding a fog of endorphins and residual lust. Often times after a major climax I will be totally uninterested in sex for several hours. That was not the case here. If anything I was even more horny than I had been when I stepped out of the shower who knows how long ago now.

The bed shifted again and I sensed a cock meant for my mouth, which I opened. Soon I was sucking happily away. Someone got between my legs and was licking my balls. I moaned. This made the guys laugh. 

"Moan little piggy," someone said, laughing.

My ass-fucker picked up the pace and was soon dumping his load, his cock jerking and throbbing in my ass as I squeezed for all I was worth once more. The guy in my mouth came seconds later and I swallowed his load. I once more found both my ass and mouth empty. The butt plug had been forgotten. I didn't care. I rested a while and then collected the empty condom wrappers and used condoms and disposed of them. I took my plug into the shower with me and cleaned it with soap and hot water before showering myself. My asshole would be tender for days, but I didn't care. I was glowing with satisfaction and knew that I would have a story to relive during those solo forays I would make in the coming days.

It was about 4:30 when I emerged into the darkness of a late December evening and made my way to my car. I was smiling. I was happy. I hoped that the guys I'd serviced that afternoon were too.