 Well readers, finally here is the next installment. I want to thank everyone who has stuck with me this far and hopefully will continue to do so. I'm sorry it has taken so long but it is getting harder to come up with people to put with our sex craved trucker. I'm hoping it won't take yet another year to get more out, but I honestly don't know. If you have any ideas of who you would love to see him with I would love to read them. Just post them in the comments and I will see what I can do for ya.

Anyway, here is the next installment, it is a bit different from the rest, but I hope you like it all the same.

Sexygirl76

*****

Chapter 14 now there's a whopping deal on a house

Hey again, well folks we are about a quarter of the way through my exploits across the country and even I have to admit, I didn't realize just how erotic they were until I started writing them down. I really hope you're not getting bored with my story; I still have a long way to go. Maybe my next couple of exploits will get your interest again, they sure got mine.

As I have looked back over the chapters of this story, I realized that we have completely covered the west coast and quite a few states heading east. We are heading towards the Midwest but there are a few places yet to cover before we really get there. Here is actually one of my favorite exploits across the country, here's hoping it is one of yours as well.

The next state in my exploits across this wonderful country of ours happened 13 years ago. I had been driving long haul about 7 years when I was back in Seattle for my vacation and got to talking to one of my bosses. See, I get a two month vacation every year, and I usually go home to Seattle, well I used to anyway, until that fateful day I'm about to tell you about.

So anyway, I was sitting in the main office talking to a new guy when my boss Charlie walked in and asked what I was doing there, I was supposed to be on vacation, was I bored with it already? If so he could definitely find a run for me. I laughed and told him that my house I had grown up in was suddenly being sold to cover some expenses my parents had left when they were killed in a car accident a year before so I was looking for a new place to live.

Charlie had looked at me thoughtfully and nodded. He walked over put his hand on my shoulder and said, "Jake, I know Seattle is your home, but we have a huge country out there. Sometimes when you go on vacation are you really wanting to spend days traveling back to the West coast? Especially if you are somewhere on the east coast? You need to pick a place somewhere in the middle that you like and make it your home. You know maybe buy a house that fits you that you wouldn't mind coming home to occasionally."

At first I just stared at him, I mean what he said was crazy. I had never lived anywhere but Seattle. I grew up here, this had always been home. On the flip side though, my entire family was gone. I had been an only child and so had both my parents. My grandparents all died before I was born, there was really nothing keeping me here. At the same time though, I was only 25 years old, I mean was I really ready to settle down in any one place for the rest of my life? Then I thought about the past 7 years, all the hotel rooms I had spent time in and how I always looked forward to my 2 month vacation where I could come home and just enjoy life. That was gone, with my parents house being sold and the market in Seattle wasn't the greatest right now, with the economy being kind of in the toilet.

I looked at Charlie and nodded and told him I would consider it. Then I set my coffee cup down and headed back to the hotel where I was staying until my parent's house finished its thing. I finally ended up renting a small one bedroom apartment while I finished up my vacation still thinking about what Charlie had said. The last night of my vacation I knew I could either extend my lease or let it go and hit the road and see if I could find that dream home he had been talking about.

The next morning, I packed up everything, told my landlord I was letting my lease lapse and headed back on the road, not sure where I was going to find my dream home but determined not to settle either. I knew what I wanted and I was gonna look until I found it.

Now those of you who have been following my story since the beginning have probably noticed a pattern to my story. I usually start out each area with the name of the state and then how long ago it happened. Well one out of two is done, the truth is, in this particular case, I had to give you a bit of back story or this exploit wouldn't make any sense. Also, I haven't told you what state yet, because it took me about 6 months of being back on the road to find not only my dream home but a very special conquest. At least I considered it special anyway; you may not, just read on and make your own decision.

Well now that you have been reading this chapter for a couple of pages, I will finally put you out of your misery, I'm sure your getting bored with hearing me talk about nonsequential things and not only wanna know where I ended up this time but about the sexual conquest this story is based on. Well my dear reader, I am about to give you both.

This chapter of my life actually takes place in a small town in Nebraska called Geneva. Now Geneva only has a population of about 2,000 people so in some respects it is considered a small town compared of some of the bigger ones in the state. Anyway, this isn't about the town, this is about the hot guy I met while I was there looking at the houses on the market and believe me, he was a hunk and a half.

It was a Monday morning in the middle of December and the weather while crisp was actually nice for a change. I had gotten in late the night before and after dropping off my load decided to take a couple of days and explore the town before I checked for a load out. I had been on the road for the past two weeks straight and I will admit, I was exhausted. 

I ate breakfast as a quaint little diner, where the waitress flirted mercilessly with me. I will admit for a girl she was attractive but as you know dear reader, girls don't do anything for me that way. She finally gave up and headed back behind the counter but not until after she wiggled her butt in my face as if to say look what you're giving up. I actually laughed as I watched her walk away and went back to reading the paper and drinking my coffee.

She was courteous after that but she was definitely aloof as well. She refilled my coffee and gave me the check when I asked but I think she was happy when I left. Anyway, I was walking down Main Street and came across the realtors office. I was looking at the postings they had in the window when I first saw him. He was sitting at his desk towards the back of the small shop talking to a client.

My eyes drifted off the posted I was looking at about a 2 bedroom cottage and focused on him. I can't really say what first attracted me to him. He seemed to be of average height, but then again he was sitting down, what I could see of his build he was slender but not pencil thin. He had strawberry blonde hair that flopped down over his eyes and he kept having to push it back as he talked. What really attracted me from what I could see in the window, was his eyes, they were amber. Or as close to amber as I could see from 20 feet away. Anyway, I saw him and I will tell you dear reader, my cock hardened so fast and so hard I had to suck in my breath.

I tried to calm my racing body for a second and luckily for me the wind picked up at that moment definitely cooling my ardor. Once I felt I could see him without ripping his clothes off, I took a couple deep breaths and stepped into the shop. He was still talking to an elderly lady, but when the other person in the shop, a woman in a sharp business suit asked if she could help me I just waved her off and focused on him.

He had a deep timbre of a voice with a slight southern drawl that said he definitely wasn't local. As I watched him, I realized what I had seen in the window hadn't been a trick of the light; his eyes really were a deep rich amber color. I don't know if he felt me watching him or sensed that I was there but he looked up and his eyes met mine. He smiled showing a mouth full of perfect white teeth and full lips that I really wanted wrapped around my cock. He held up a finger and then pointed to the lady he was talking to as if to say I'll be right with you, then went back to talking to her.

I nodded and forced my eyes away from him and walked over to the wall, exploring the houses up for sale. Nothing really struck my interest, which was nothing new there, but over by the door I found what I thought I had been looking for. It was a small 2 bedroom ranch style house with an acre of land behind it. It had a well landscaped yard while small held a certain charm. The pictures showed a picturesque house that I immediately fell in love with. The sale price on it was $675,000.00 and I whistled between my teeth. I could afford it but it would be tight. I had some money saved up from my years of driving and what I got from my parents house after the bills were paid, but it would still eat up most of my savings.

I heard his voice right behind me and jumped as I turned to look at him. He smiled shyly at me and grinned. "Sorry, didn't mean to startle you."

His voice sent shivers down my body and I had to fight not to wrap my arms around him and pull him against me. I smiled as I turned back to the poster. "It's okay, wasn't expecting you to come up behind me like that."

He laughed and the shivers increased. I felt him at my shoulder and clenched my fists so I didn't reach out to him. I knew I was an idiot, hell there was no guarantee this guy was even gay, or bi for that matter. He could be straight as they come with a wife and a couple of kids. Of course my body didn't care about that; it wanted him, plain and simple.

He moved up behind me and I felt his arm brush mine. An electric shock shot through me and I had to bite my lip not to moan. "So I see, you are looking at our little jewel in the rough." He said looking at me.

I looked at him in surprise then looked back at the poster wondering what he saw that I didn't. "It's beautiful." I said softly.

He nodded, "yes, it has had a lot of people look at it but no takers unfortunately."

Again I looked at him, now that we were talking business; it was easier to control my ardor. He headed back over to his desk and sat behind it and I sat down in the chair in front of it. "Why no takers?" I asked not willing to give up on the dream home just yet.

He looked at a point over my shoulder then looked at me again. "The price mainly," he sighed and his eyes focused on mine. "It is worth it in many ways, with the land behind it. But this is a relatively lower income population. I have tried negotiating with the owner but he is adamant about what he wants for it. He said it could sit empty for twenty years, he didn't care, he wasn't lowering the price."

I bit my lip as I thought about it, I was hoping maybe there would be some wiggle room in the price I admit. The problem was, it would take most of my savings, but just what I saw from the pictures I loved it. It was absolutely what I was looking for. I looked back at the man in front of me, "I'd like to take a look at it anyway."

He smiled brightly at me. "Terrific," he held out his hand. "I'm Nash, and you are?"

I took his hand and had to bite back a moan as the electricity shot through us again. "Um...J...Jake." I finally stammered.

He grinned brighter and pulled his hand away, resting it on the desk. "Welcome to our town Jake, if you settle here I think you will like the town, it is small but most people are really friendly."

Before I thought about what I was gonna say, I just blurted out what was on my mind. "I like what I've seen so far."

Nash smiled even brighter and I was sure there was a twinkle in his eyes as he looked at me before he covered it with a laugh. "Well if you are really interested, why don't we get the boring stuff out of the way and then we can look at the property this afternoon?"

Again we were back to business, and that helped. "Sure sounds good."

He smiled once more and pulled a bunch of paperwork out of his desk.

2 hours later I left the real estate office and headed back to the hotel. I had a big decision to make, I could either pay cash for the property, or I had been approved for a loan for more then what the guy was asking. Having really good credit really came in handy at times. We had agreed to meet out at the property at 1 and he had given me the address and his cell phone number telling me to call if I had any problems or questions.

I spent the next couple of hours showering and jerking off as I thought about Nash sucking my cock or fucking me. When I came, I came so hard I had to lay there for a few minutes just to be able to get my breath back. I had wanted guys in my bed before but none of them affected me the way he did. I knew if I couldn't have him I was gonna have to find someone and soon or I was going to go insane with need.

At quarter to one, he pulled up in front of the house he had fallen in love with from the poster. As he climbed out of his rental car, he realized the pictures didn't do the property justice. The outside of the house was painted white with a blue trim around the windows, the yard wasn't huge but there was a window box for flowers or maybe a small garden. He walked up the steps to the huge front porch that had a swing on it. He pictured himself sitting there on a warm summer night sipping lemonade. He looked in the huge picture window and gasped at how big the living room was.

He turned his head and saw the corner of what looked like it may be the kitchen. He was straining to see further when he heard the car on the gravel driveway and turned to see Nash climbing out of a newer Chevy nova. Nash smiled at him as he closed the door and headed for the porch. "So what do you think?"

I smiled at him and it has absolutely nothing to do with sex, the house was perfect and all I had seen was the outside. "It is absolutely breathtaking." I said watching Nash unlock the door.

Nash chuckled as he opened the door and stepped out of the way. "Would you like to see the rest or do you just wanna sign now?"

I laughed as I followed him into the house. "I would like to see the rest of it."

He smiled and closed the door behind me. I looked around the living room I had seen from the window and realized it was bigger than I thought. I realized I could put two couches, a pool table in the corner, and a desk and still have plenty of room. I looked around shaking my head then followed after Nash to see the rest.

The room I saw the corner of and thought was the kitchen turned out to be a breakfast nook that led into the kitchen. While it wasn't as big as the living room, it was pretty good sized with plenty of counter and cabinet space. Off the kitchen there were sliding glass doors that led out into the huge back yard.

We headed back into the living room and walked down a short hallway, on either side were the bedrooms, the master was the biggest with a sitting room, but the other bedroom wasn't tiny either, it too was good size. There was a main bathroom near the smaller bedroom and the master had its own. As I walked through the house, I understood why the owner was so set on his price, this place was definitely worth it.

We walked back out onto the porch and Nash locked it up then looked at me. "So, what do you think?"

I looked around the yard then back at the house before turning to him with a smile. "It's perfect."

He grinned and handed me the clipboard so I could sign on the dotted line. I had agreed to get a loan for half the price and pay the rest out of my savings. It seemed like the best way to go. As I was signing my name on the line, I felt his fingers brush lightly over my arm and looked up at him in surprise. He just smiled and brushed his hand against me again.

I tried to focus on signing my name but his touch was making it almost impossible to concentrate. I finally got it scribbled out and handed him back the clipboard, I noticed he made sure our hands touched as he took it back. "It will take about a week to get everything going, can I call you if I have any questions?" I noticed his voice had gotten husky and I felt my cock twitch in my pants.

"Um...yeah, sure no problem." I stammered, I pulled out one of my business cards with my cell number on it and on the back wrote down the number of the room at the hotel I was staying in. I told him how long I would be there and how he could get in touch me with me afterwards. He slipped the card in his pants pocket and smiled. He reached out and brushed his hand against my arm then headed back down the steps to his car, his hips wiggling as he walked.

As I watched him drive away, I felt my cock twitch again and took a deep breath letting it out slowly. There was definitely no denying I wanted that man and I wanted him bad.

I thought about heading down to the diner for dinner, but in the end just ended up ordering room service and staying in. After I ate, I took another shower then lay back naked on the bed and started flipping through the porn channels the hotel had. My cock had been rock hard all day and I knew I wasn't going to get any sleep unless I took care of it.

I was flipping through the channels and found one that seemed interesting so I turned it on and slowly started jacking my cock. It was really getting good and my cock was getting harder by the second when suddenly the phone rang. I cursed out loud and paused the movie before grabbing for the phone. "Yeah?"

"Hey Jake?" Came a deep voice on the other end of the line.

I didn't recognize the voice at first and was wondering who the hell interrupted me. "Yeah, who's this?" I growled.

He was silent for a minute then came back on the line. "Um...it's Nash, from the real estate agency."

I put the phone against my shoulder and went back to slowly stroking my cock. "Hey, is everything okay with the house? Wasn't expecting to hear from you this soon."

Nash chuckled and I felt shivers shoot down my body. "No, it's great, your loan seems to be going through no problem and with you paying half in cash, there shouldn't be a problem."

I relaxed and squeezed my cock. "So what's up then?"

He was quiet for a minute again and I would have thought he hung up if I hadn't heard him breathing. "Um...well...the truth is." I heard him swallow and waited for him to continue. "I...I don't know if you are into guys or anything but you seemed to not mind me touching you earlier and I...um..."

I had my eyes closed but they flew open at his words and I couldn't help smiling as I felt my cock harden even more. "Are you attracted to me Nash?" I asked lowering my voice so it sounded husky.

"Fuck yes..." he growled and I had to bite back a chuckle. I held the phone tighter against my shoulder as I stroked my cock a bit faster.

"So I bet you would love to be here right now, your lips wrapped around my hard meat or me pounding your tight little ass?" I made sure to make my voice deep and sexy sounding.

I heard him suck in his breath and he made a small whimpering sound in his throat so I continued. "I'm laying here naked, stroking my hard meat thinking of plowing your tight little hole."

He whimpered again and I could hear his breathing becoming harsher. "Y...You are?" he stammered breathlessly.

I made sure to keep my voice low even as I was having a hard time controlling my breathing. "Oh yeah, it feels so hard and hot and I'm imaging you've got your lips wrapped around it or I'm fucking you."

Nash made more whimpering sounds and his breathing was becoming even harsher than before. "I...I'm getting so hard thinking about that." He admitted softly.
