 This is the story of my first experience with another male.

The start of this story is a little cliché, I guess. I never considered myself as Gay, no even as Bi-Sexual. I'm not blind though. I know when another bloke is good looking and has a good body. I don't even mind the sight of dick and never once found it odd that I'd get aroused by the sight of another man's junk. I mean, if I was watching a porno which would have a good few minutes of the scene showing nothing but a guy stoking his cock it would get me in the mood but I fantasies of other men never entered my thoughts.

But as guys do among other guys, we make gay jokes about each other and as anyone who has ever been part of this kind of banter will tell you, the best thing to do is to go along with the jokes and take them as far as you can.

One particular fellow I worked with, Alec and I constantly go back and forward saying outrageously homosexual things to each other and sometimes go as far as mocking out mounting each other. For example, if I walked into the store room and he was bent over his work I grab him by the waist and pretend to take him from behind. It was all in good fun.

One particular thing I used to tease Alec about was his hair. It was long and bushy and I would joke about how I loved the feeling of his thick soft locks between my fingers while I was making him gag on my cock. And then there was the day this back fired on me. In a good way.

Another of the employees working there under me was actually a gay guy. Callum is a good 10 years younger than me and though is not a complete fairy, he's not shy about his sexuality and enjoyed discussing how much he loved dick. And from behind he looks amazingly like Alec. Same colour and length hair, though his is wavy rather than bushy.

I walked into the office one day and Callum was sitting at a desk with his back to the door. And I thought he was Alec so I nonchalantly walked up behind him and started rubbing my fingers through his hair saying, "Hey Baby". One of the girls that worked with us, Anny, was also in the office sitting at the opposite side of the desk. 'Alec' seemed to enjoy the feeling of my fingers on his scalp and his head began to roll around with my massaging motions. "Does that feel good?" I asked him and I received a very relaxed sounding "mmmm" in response.

"Well now it's my turn to feel good" I said to him as I took a firm grip of his hair and pulled his face toward my crouch. To my surprise 'Alec' seemed unusually more into our horse play and willingly came toward me. His face nuzzled into my crotch and I felt my dick press against his cheek. In the same motion of coming toward me his hand also came up to meet the opposite side of my cock and quickly began rubbing. I looked down in shock "Whoa!" I cried out as I felt his head turn and his mouth close down firmly around my shaft. 

I jumped back surprised to see Callum sitting at the desk in front of me. He had a dirty big grin on his face while Anny had her mouth covered with both hands. "Oh shit, sorry dude!" I quickly tried to explain to Callum "I thought you were Alec! I- I.."

"It's fine" Callum said to me "I thought I was getting lucky! I don't mind the occasional bear!". Anny pissed herself laughing at that, almost falling off her chair. 

"I was just coming in to send my order" I said, changing the subject before hurrying to the furthest computer I could find to send my order and got out of there as quickly as I could. Needless to say, I avoided both Callum and Anny for the rest of the day.

That night I couldn't get the incident out of my head. I could still feel the impression of Callum's mouth around my cock. I could remember the sensation of his warm cheek and hand in my crotch as if they were still there. There was nothing else I could think about. I cooked sausage for dinner and while eating it I kept imagining the thick seasoned pork as Callum's dick and I was confused by the way it made me feel each time I brought it to my lips. I jerked off to the fantasy of that scene playing out all the way a number of times that night.

From then on I expected things at work to be really weird. I definitely made an effort to avoid Callum and Anny for as long as I could. Strangely enough, it seemed that rumour didn't spread of what had taken place that afternoon. Usually the smallest things become the subject of hot gossip but I didn't hear a peep from anyone about it. That definitely made me feel more at ease at work and before I knew it, I was no longer avoiding Callum and Anny and our relationships seemed to be stronger than ever. 

Over a quiet coffee break with Anny one day she brought it up, telling me how she couldn't stop thinking about it for a few days afterwards. "I actually find it kind of hot" she said to me. "I've always been into guys getting it on and I was shocked that it was happening right in front of me. I've never seen it in real life before".

Over the coming weeks Anny and I became able to discuss some really deep subjects together and although we weren't falling in love she became someone I felt I could really trust. I used to call her my "Work Wife". I opened up to her about the confusion I had experienced and even the Sausage dinner. And I told her how I had come to a new found feeling that although I still don't consider myself Gay or Bi-Sexual, I don't think I'd mind having my dick sucked by another man and even fucking one. Being fucked is a different matter though.

During this time I also became closer with Callum. He made it clear that he was totally up for it if I ever decided I was ready to give it a go but he was a champion about it and never tried to push me into it or became bitchy like some Gay guys do. We would talk about gay sex and he told me all about his first experience which was with one of his teachers in grade 10, a married man that all the girls had a crush on and whom liked to have his dick sucked by young men.

He told me about his sex toys and how he used to have one designed for cleaning out his back door after he'd had a good bum bashing with his favourite dildo that his mum found in his bedroom mistaking it for a turkey baster - I'll let you imagine what happened next.

And he taught me about docking. This was the first time I had seen his dick. I still remember how it didn't feel strange at all sitting in my living room with him at the other end of my three seater couch while he pulled his cock out and rubbed himself hard to demonstrate with his fingers how both guys pull their foreskin back and bump heads and then the first guy flips his hood over his mate's helmet and then his mate flips his hood over the first guy's hood, and they're docked.

I remember thinking that he actually had a really nice looking cock and how much I liked the purple mushroom underneath his white fleshy foreskin. Hi dick is about the same size as mine at 6 inches though mine is a bit thicker and with a minor bend to the left while his is quite heavily veined and pin straight. My balls are way bigger though.

Occasionally Callum would try to encourage me to have some fun with him. He'd position himself leaning with his butt against the desk in the office at work while I'd be reaching into the cabinets above for stationary and he place his hand on the edge of the desk so my cock would rub against his hand and arm. Sometimes when I kept searching for stationary after I'd already found what I needed he would gently stroke me up and down making it impossible for me to walk out of the office without pointing in the direction I was walking in all the time. Anny somehow managed to make herself available for these incidents and on a number of occasions offered to keep a watch by the door while Callum could help "relieve my symptoms".

The day it finally happened, Anny and Callum had come to my place to hang out. We had dinner and were planning to watch a movie on the lounge together but Anny got a call from her boyfriend and headed off. It wasn't odd for this kind of thing to happen and Callum and I would just chill and watch the movie we'd chosen by ourselves. Callum would often fall asleep before the end of the film, sprawling out across the three-seater and usually ending up using my lap as a pillow.

As expected, Callum's early exit from the waking world happened once again and he quickly had his head in my lap. I hadn't had a wank for a couple of days and was feeling the effects of the warmth of his head in my crotch. I began to swell and every time his head shifted I felt my blood get hotter and my cock would pulse as it got harder and harder. It got to a point where I was so hard that it was uncomfortable in the position it was in so I reached into my pants to readjust waking Callum slightly. He seemed a little confused at what was growing on with my hard prick pressed across his upper lip but soon realised where he was and closed his eyes with a smile. 

The bastard didn't go back to sleep though. He would nuzzle my cock every so often and smile every time he felt me stiffen further. Soon he was chewing on my shaft through my pants. I was becoming uncomfortable again and shifted my butt on the seat to try to ease the stretch on my pants. Callum seemed to understand what my issue was and undid my button and zipper for me. My cock was still inside my Y fronts so I just tried to focus on watching the movie. Callum continued to stimulate me while I tried my best to ignore him but I eventually began to cave, my hand reaching into his long mien and gently massaged his scalp. 

Callum took the invitation straight away opening my underpants and pulling my dick out into the cool night air. My cock didn't stay cool for long though as his warm mouth engulfed me. I think men give the best blowjobs out there and Callum is among the best of the best in my opinion. He knew exactly how firm he needed to be, how gentle to be, how much moisture he needed and the perfect rhythm. He somehow knew just how I liked it using long deep strokes of his mouth my while playing gently with my balls. I continued to massage his scalp and shoulders and as far down his back as I dared to reach. I was lost in ecstasy feeling his expert mouth work its magic on my cock. When he needed a rest from the consistent, and very much appreciated, deep throating rhythm he would grab my shaft in one hand, drawing my foreskin back and assaulting the bare head of my cock with sloppy lips and a very enthusiastic tongue. He used a perfect speed working my rod up and down with his hand while his mouth nursed my purple soldier's helmet.

I wish this could have lasted forever and I'm sure my description of this blowjob made it seem like it went for a while but I reckon about 3 minutes in, I was blasting the back of his throat with two-and-a-half days of built up man gravy. While I was coming he gripped the bottom of my cock really tight and gave it short, sharp jerks while his mouth accommodated my head until my snake had finished spewing its venom passed Callum's lips.

After that, I packed my junk away and Callum sat up. I could see a bulge in his pants now also. He looked at me as if to ask me to return the favour but I turned back to the movie instead. From the corner of my eye I could see him have a quiet hissy fit to himself before undoing his own pants. His snow white cock sprang forth and he slowly began to work himself to some manual relief. He had gained my attention if not my mouth and I watched him slowly pull himself to satisfaction. It was extremely erotic to watch and found myself become hard again from the show. I crept closer to him as he jerked himself watching his technique and being mesmerised by his performance. I felt myself wanting to reach in and help but fear held me back. It had taken me a couple of months to get from a fantasy to this point. I just needed a bit more time.

Callum enjoyed having me watch. His breathing became heavier and heavier. His hips began to join the rhythm of his hand strokes speeding up as he came closer to the edge. Moaning joined his heavy breathing and moments later hot cum was shooting from his cock the way only a 18 year old can. Heavy swathes of jizz shot across my carpet and put two big racing stripes across my coffee table. Callum's face had gone red and his cock continued to spasm long after his juices had stopped shooting out of that geyser. He looked at me with a smile and gave a breathless laugh.

"Come on, High Five" I said holding my hand up for him. Those were my famous last words as his cum drenched hand slapped against mine splashing a spray of Callum Sauce into both of our faces.