 Author's note: Hey guys. Sorry it took me so long to post. Please forgive me. Since its summer, I'll post frequently as possible! I put my heart into writing this chapter, I hope you enjoy! Please leave a comment or favorite if you like the story so far, and any comments or suggestions help me out a lot. As a side note, I've still got lots planned for these two, so don't worry! And also, I'll be working on another series with a female main character soon, that will be different from this series but I hope its something worth reading.

****

All characters are 18 or older.

****



Slowly opening his eyes, Tenshi awoke to see Seiji's handsome face, smiling at him. He kissed Tenshi's forehead and whispered, "Good morning, Angel. We'll be leaving soon."

Tenshi glanced at the window, in was still dark out side. "What time is it?"

"Four o'clock." Seiji laughed softly as Tenshi covered his head with the blankets. He got up and walked around the bed, "I'll let you get dressed. But, if you're not up in five minutes, I'll get you." He patted Tenshi's butt and left the room.

With a soft laugh, Tenshi rolled out of bed and stretched. Why are we leaving so early, he thought. He changed out of his pajamas and pulled on a pair of blue jean shorts, baby blue short sleeve shirt and tennis shoes. After combing through his hair he walked down stairs.

Saki in a lavender top and jeans, was cooking as usual. But the kitchen was full of bags and boxes, no doubt their supplies and belongs. Tenshi sat beside Seiji at the table, he was drinking coffee and looking over a map on the table. Seiji was dressed in a red tank top, dark grey pants that looked a little baggy on him, and black boots. Saki placed a plate of eggs and bacon in front of them and sat down in the chair across from them.

She looked to her brother, "Have you decided where we're going yet?" She took a sip of her own coffee. Her eyes looked sad, maybe she did not want to leave her home. Tenshi dropped his eyes to his plate. It was his fault.

"I was thinking we could go southeast towards the ocean, there's a small town there. The vamps wouldn't expect us to go there."

Tenshi quietly ate his food and listened to them.

"With autumn almost over, it would be nice to stay somewhere warm and by the ocean." Saki gave a small smile and looked at Tenshi. "You're awful quiet today."

He gave her the best smile he could and said, "I'm just excited about seeing the ocean with you and Seiji." He knew he was lying to her. He felt terrible about lying, but felt even worse that he ruined her life here as well as Seiji's.

"Oh." Was all she said and returned to drinking her coffee.

"Alex and Kat are coming too, pup. They're bringing an RV for all of us to go in." Seiji said as Kat walked in.

"Yup and we're all set to go." Kat said with her cat eyes bright, wearing a tan camisole and jean jacket with off white pants. Tenshi didn't notice until know, that all the bags and boxes were gone.

They followed Kat outside, a black and white RV sat in front of the house. It looked new, but way too small for five teenagers. Kat glanced at them and smiled, "You gotta thank Alex for this." and she continued to enter the vehicle. Tenshi gave a last glance at the little white farm house he had come to love. It already looked abandoned and lifeless.

Inside the RV, he was nearly overwhelmed. While the outside was small, the inside of the RV opened up into a large room, with a grand stair case before them.

The wood floors were black and the walls were white. Above them, hung a very large crystal chandelier. To their right was a huge living room, with white suade couches and black leather chairs. A huge flat screen TV hung on the wall. Kat pointed out that the door on their left led to the dinning room and kitchen.

"How could Alex afford this and what is it?" Tenshi asked Kat.

"I borrowed it from my father's dealership." Said Alex's deep voice as he walked out from somewhere behind the stair case. "He sells all kinds of vehicles even enchanted ones like this. It was from his private stores, sold only to the rich and fanged customers." He smiled and wrapped his arm around Kat. "Seiji and Tenshi your room is up stairs and to the right. Saki yours is the first on the left. All your stuff is in your rooms. We'll be leaving soon." He headed back where he came from with Kat close behind.

Saki left Seiji and Tenshi, to explore the rest of the RV. Seiji and Tenshi, found their room upstairs where Kat said it would be. Tenshi blushed, pink and red hearts covered the door. A glittery sign said, "Honeymoon Suite". Seiji chuckled and scooped up Tenshi, who gave a squeal, into his arms and kissed his lips.

Tenshi could not remember them going inside, when he ended up on a soft white bed, or how he ended up naked. He was caught up in Seiji's kisses and his husky scent. He tangled his hands in Seiji's thick black hair and pressed his own lips into Seiji's, in a needy kiss. Seiji was naked as well and his erection pressing into Tenshi's. They wildly thrust against each other, wanting more friction. Seiji pinned Tenshi by his wrist and straddled his small chest. With a wicked grin, he pointed his member at Tenshi's mouth. "Suck me." He said with an eager growl.

Tenshi took his time licking the cock before him, with agoniziningly slow strokes of his wet little tongue. He heard Seiji growl in frustration and pushed away from him. Seiji roughly flipped him over onto his hands and knees. He felt Seiji's warm breath on his ass and hands pulling his cheeks apart. Seiji's large tongue licked him from his hole to his balls and back, over and over. Tenshi panted and groaned, he liked the new sensations and pushed back into Seiji.

"Mmm, your ready, pup." He stretched over Tenshi's quivering body, and quickly slid his swollen cock into his slick ass. He pounded and drilled into Tenshi hard, the harder his thrusts, the more Tenshi would writhe and moan out loud. He licked and nibbled at Tenshi's back and up to his neck. His inner wolf howled, so close to his destination, to mark his mate. Seiji could not help himself, he chewed softly at Tenshi skin where his shoulder and neck met.

Tenshi panted hard and groaned inwardly. Seiji was softly biting his neck while he still thrusted into him. He tilted his head to expose ore of his neck to Seiji's mouth. Why did I do that? He wondered. He felt Seiji's hands on his other shoulder, he felt claws biting into his skin, and Seiji seemed to be biting his neck pretty hard now.

Seiji growled sounding like a wild animal. "Seiji maybe we should stop?" Tenshi said through each panting breath. He was worried something was wrong with Seiji. His train of thought stopped, when Seiji sunk his sharp teeth into his flesh. He expected pain but felt a strange burst of pleasure, like none he ever felt before. He felt Seiji's cock growing bigger inside of him and his knot slipped in his ass as well, he came buckets into Tenshi's little body. Tenshi felt his own cock shoot out a large load under him, he never came that much before.

Tenshi felt his body go limp and fell into the puddle of cum on the bed. There was red stuff on the pillows he thought. His head felt heavy and cloudy, he could not think straight. What happened?

Like through some filter, he heard Seiji speaking, or screaming? "Oh god! Tenshi! Tenshi, I'm so sorry!" Seiji sounded upset, he did not like that. He tried to move to find Seiji in the fog, but his arms felt like stone. His vision went black.

****

Seiji panicked. He hurt Tenshi. Bad. His stupid wolf got what he wanted, but at what price. Tenshi laid motionless on their white bed. Tenshi would have looked angelic, sleeping like that. But the fresh blood soaking into the bed, and coating Tenshi's pale skin of his neck and shoulder, was horrifying.

He ran to open the bedroom door and stuck his head out. "Saki! Kat! We need help!" He ran back to Tenshi and attempted to press the bed sheet against the open wound.

Kat was the first to arrive. Her tanned skin instantly paled. Then, Saki. Her face had the look of terror. She quickly opened the Med kit in her hands, and pulled out several items. Seiji stepped out of her way, but stayed close enough to Tenshi. He could only stare at the blood on his hands.

A hand gently touched his arm. "Here, go wash up, Seiji." Kat's voice trembled and her hands shook as she handed Seiji some clean clothes. He nodded, taking the clothes and headed to the bathroom down the hall.

He got a good look at himself in the mirror. Dried blood caked around his mouth and hands, and dried seamen on his lower region. His claws on his finger tips were fully extended, as well as his canines. All still covered in blood. He jumped in the black marbled shower, he did not care much for the expensive looking bathroom, or how the shower had jets all around. All he could thinking about was how he truly was a monster. He let it get out of hand. How could he live with himself after this, if Tenshi dies? He laid his forehead on the shower wall. If Tenshi lives through this and the Change, would he be mad and hate him? His eyes burned, not from the water. Seiji cried, like he hadn't since the death of his parents.

****

"Where am I? Tenshi thought. He was shrouded in darkness. "I remember Seiji bit me and then..." Something moved in the distance, something green and fast. It came closer and closer. He realized it was green flames, burning and consuming the blackness. He tried to run away, but the flames wrapped around his body, burning him alive. He screamed, unable to move. Pictures flashed behind his eyelids. People and places he never seen before flitted through his mind. Black feathers came into his vision, but why?

The fire burned hotter and it felt like an eternity. Another image floated to him. A handsome guy with emerald green eyes, thick jet black hair, and wolf's ears on his head. Seiji. Tenshi needed him. He wanted his wolf with him, to cool the fire on his skin. To save him from this nightmare. "Seiji..."

****

After Saki got the bleeding to stop, she gave Tenshi some medicine to ease his pain. It did not help at all though. Tenshi's body temperature went through the roof, burning away any kind of medicine she gave him. All they could do was wait. Seiji stayed with his mate, almost never leaving his side.

It broke his heart to see Tenshi contract in pain, he would scream and claw at himself. Sharp claws started forming on his finger tips at one point, which gave everyone a small glimmer of hope. Seiji knew if Tenshi kept fighting the Change, he would not live.

Weeks after the incident, Seiji watched his mate lay peacefully for once. He now had snow white wolf ears on his head and white tail. Maybe it was over? A little panicked Seiji checked his heartbeat and temperature. Normal for a wolf.

****

Tenshi heard something. He could still only see darkness, but he felt that he was laying on a soft bed. The sound thudded again. He strained his ears to hear it again. It was a heartbeat, that wasn't his own. He slowly opened his eyes. Everything was too bright, he turned his head away. His face hit something hard and warm, he looked up to see Seiji's face. His heart thudded against his ribs, as he wrapped his arms around his lover's neck and kissed him hard. Two arms wrapped around him in a tight hug. "Seiji..." his throat felt really dry and thick with emotion. He moved back and studied Seiji. His hair was unkempt, and thick hair covered his jaw like he had not shaved in weeks. "What happened after you know...?"

Seiji's green eyes saddened. "I marked you, Tenshi. Because of me I put you through hell. I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry, Seiji. I love you."

"I love you too, pup." Seiji held him close and kissed his forehead, Seiji's beard lightly scraping against his skin.

"You should shave, Seiji." He gave the hair a tug.

The older teen rolled his eyes. "Fine, but you should take a shower. We'll go see Saki afterwards." He got up and walked around to Tenshi's side of the bed, and scoped him up in his arms.

"Seiji, I can walk."

"Are you sure?" He lightly set Tenshi on his feet. He tried to take a step but his knees buckled under him. Luckily Seiji, picked him back up before he could fall. "It's ok, you haven't used your muscles in a while."

"Yeah." How long have I been out? Tenshi wondered. Has anything changed? He looked down at himself, he could only see that he was clad in a pair of black boxers. Apart from feeling weak, he felt normal.

He rested his head on Seiji shoulder as he carried him down the hall to the bathroom. Like the rest of the decore of the RV/house, it had a black and white theme. White walls with a black trim, black marble tiled floor and sink, and a white toilet beside a large glass and marble shower. A white claw foot tub sat across from the shower.

All this fancy stuff must have really been for royalty, Tenshi thought. Mirrors were all around the walls of the large bathroom. He saw his reflection and gasped aloud. He looked different. Large wolf ears partruded from his head and a long white tail dangled from his rear, his neck and right shoulder were covered in bandages.

He saw Seiji's face darken. "When I bit you like that, it triggered the Change. When we do the mating bite, it changes the mate's body to make them more suitable to carry our young. Changes them in other ways too." He set him down briefly to pull off his boxers, and gently unwrapped the bandages. A red scar covered his skin there, in the shape of teeth marks. Seiji picked him up again and laid the now naked Tenshi, in the bathtub. He turned the hot water on and turned back to the sink to shave his face.

Tenshi sat up and watched Seiji shave. The hot water soothed his sore muscles as he stretched and popped his joints.

Seiji came back and washed his hair and body for him. He carefully lathered his small body in sweet smelling soap. Tenshi blushed, he felt his arousal rising. Through the water he saw his cock grow, it was longer now by two inches and looked more like Seiji's wolf dick. "Seiji..." it sounded like a moan.

"I know, pup" Seiji warm tongue licked Tenshi's new ears. A warm scent surrounded his senses, it was spicy and his nipples hardened in response. Seiji picked him out of the water and carried him back to their bed.

They kissed passionately until they were left gasping for air. He watched as Seiji moved down his body slowly. Giving special attention to both his nipples with his hot mouth. He nipped around his belly button softly. Tenshi held onto the sheets with his fists, he felt like he would burst from Seiji's teasing mouth. Seiji licked his whole cock in one stroke of his long, wet tongue. He slowly engulfed every inch of his wolf dick. Tenshi could not handle anymore foreplay like this. He gripped Seiji's head and fucked his mouth. "Aah... Seiji!" His balls drew up and forced loads of cum in Seiji's mouth.

He let go of Seiji panting heavily. Tenshi felt guilty for doing that, but he saw Seiji licking his lips. "Mmm... You're so yummy, pup." He drew Tenshi into another kiss, he tasted his own essence on Seiji's lips. Sweet like a peach, he thought.

Seiji moved back down and spread his ass cheeks. He licked Tenshi's puckered hole and pushed his tongue inside, swirling his tongue around. Tenshi groaned as the tongue was replaced with two moist fingers, that stretched his tight hole. "Seiji, put it in me, please." He panted, his throbbing erection straining against his belly, was leaking precum.

Seiji stood on his knees and pulled Tenshi closer to him. He pulled his hard cock out of his shorts and drilled into Tenshi. He felt stretched to the max by Seiji's thick member and moaned every time he bottomed out inside him, always hitting and dragging his cock against his prostate. Seiji's knot soon slipped inside Tenshi, and he cried out with another orgasm. His cum shot onto Seiji's belly and splattered on his own chest. Seiji's cock grew bigger and released all his cum in Tenshi's ass. He howled loudly and kept thrusting until the last drop.

His knot locked them together and kept all the cum trapped inside him. Seiji gently rolled them over so that Tenshi laid on top of him. He held him tight and kissed him through panting breaths. "I love you, Tenshi."

"I love you too, Seiji." His ass and gut felt overstuffed. His eyes closed as he snuggled into Seiji's chest. He faintly heard some voices outside the door, but ignored them. He was happy to be with Seiji again. He drifted off to sleep.

****