 From the author: Hey everyone. I hope everyone is doing alright. I deeply apologize for not writing more and faster. Due to school, personal things, and major writer's block, I just could not do it. But with the help from my new computer I hope to get typing sooner! For this entry, I decided to correct my mistakes. Please enjoy the edited version of The Fallen.

All characters are 18 or over. 

The Fallen: Hell's Keep

The rain continued to pour down heavy on the town. It's been like that for days now, in September. A teenage boy sat in class looking out the window. He sighed. "Hey, Seiji!" A girl with long blonde hair that curled, yelled at the boy.

"What now Akira?" He said with an annoyed tone. Akira was known as a self-centered, succubus she took pride in making everyone at the high school miserable. Only because her family were wealthy and were succubus and incubus, making them a higher rank in species.

"You're so boring, Seiji!" She spun around on her heels, and walked out of the classroom, also making the effort to put an extra swing to her hips. The black haired boy sighed in relief. So far ignoring Akira's advances on him were working. Why would she want a wolf like him? He wasn't all that special. He had black wolf ears protruding from his crop of wild black hair. His face lost his soft boyish features and made him appear slightly older than his age. Emerald forest green eyes were set perfectly on his face, and surrounded by spikey black lashes. Seiji was tall and lean and muscular. As a wolf shifter, he had a long black furred tail also. In his world he was normal, though the wolf blood line was near to ending.

The school's bell rang signaling the end of school. Seiji got up and left, ignoring the other students. Grabbing his umbrella from his bag he headed home through the rain. Seiji hated the rain, he wished the sun would come back out so he could try out for the school's track team. He sighed happily lost in thought. He simply loved to run. His inner wolf loved the trill of it and winning races. Walking home was never a bother to Seiji, it was a long way from the high school to the farm on the edge of town by the forest.

Walking close to the forest, a small sound could be heard. "Hello? Who's there?!" He shouted but heard no answer. Using his sharp sense of smell, whatever it was it smelled amazing. Seiji walked closer to the trees and looked around. On the ground laid a small pale body, with long white hair. "Are you alive?" The person didn't answer, they appeared to be unconscious.

Seiji looked over the person's body, whoever it was covered in mud and leaves from the forest floor. Apart from the musky scent of the forest the person smelled heavenly. A female? He thought to himself. They had a soft angelic face with long white eyelashes, and pale porcelain skin. "How did a pretty girl end up here..." Looking further down the small, thin body he noticed they were naked, as any boy would do, he looked the person's loins. Seiji blushed red and looked away. A male. He thought, embarrassed by his mistake.

The wolf boy took his coat off and wrapped it around the small pale body. Home isn't far maybe Saki can help. He picked the small boy and carried him home.

Seiji hurried toward the farm, carrying his precious cargo. He tried to keep most of the rain off the white haired boy who remained motionless in his arms. Only a few yards away the farm came into view. 

Several patches of fields dotted the area, where they grew crops and herbs. A large red barn stood right of a two story white house with a porch in the front. "Home", he thought, "I hope we're not too late."

Climbing up the steps of the porch, the front door opened. A small girl with short chestnut brown hair and the same green eyes as Seiji, stood in the doorway. Her expression changed from anger to concern when she saw the body in her brother's arms. She stepped back into the house and disappeared into one of the rooms.

Seiji carefully walked up the steps to the second story of the house, going into one of the guest rooms they had, he laid the boy on the bed. Saki appeared by the bed with a medical kit in hand. She had many talents and was a great healer, Seiji prayed that his little sister could help the poor boy. "You've got a lot of explaining to do bro. But it can wait." She brushed a strand of wet hair from the boy's face. "You should go and let me handle this." Saki continued to check over the boy as Seiji left the room. He silently prayed he would be alright. He could still remember that heavenly scent.

* * * * *

Seiji woke up to the sound of nothing, just silence. Pushing the sheets back, he climbed out of bed and glanced at the window on the other side of the room. The sun was out and shining brightly. He smiled to himself and his black furred tail wagged a bit. 

Dressed in only a t-shirt and boxers he left his room. He could hear the sounds of Saki messing around in the kitchen, and smell the food she was cooking and also the scent of the strange boy from last night.

The guest room was right across from his. Knocking first, he went inside. The room looked the same as always, a dresser to the left of the door and a night stand on the left wall with a chair beside it. A queen sized bed straight ahead with a window behind it, the blue curtains closed. A closer look the small boy laid in the bed. He no longer was covered in mud from the forest like when Seiji had found him. His long snow white hair looked silky to him and his porcelain skin seemed untouched. Saki had dressed him a pair of old pale grey pajamas. He smiled feel the urge to touch him to see if this was a dream.

The boy began to stir, his eyes opening slowly to reveal two sky blue eyes. Seeing Seiji, he smiled a bit. "Where am I?" He attempted to sit up, Seiji helped him carefully.

"You're at my house. I found you on the side of the road." Seiji grabbed the chair and sat beside the boy. "I'm Seiji the Wolf. And you are?"

The boy looked confused. "Who am I?" He paused, looking around the room and to Seiji. "I don't know... I can't remember." His voice faltered.

Seiji scratched his head. "Do you remember how you ended up there last night?" The white haired boy shook his head, tears started to form in his eyes. He felt bad for the boy, he seemed so innocent. "Well how about we give you a name? At least until we find out who you are." The boy smiled big at this.

The bedroom door opened and Saki walked in with a tray of food. She wore a red and white shirt, with blue jean shorts and a pink apron. Saki smiled. "Hungry?" She placed the tray over the boy's lap and handed Seiji a plate with an omelet on it. She sat on the edge of the bed. "So what's going on?" Taking a bite of the eggs, Seiji explained to her what happened and that the boy had no memory of who he was or what happened. She sighed. "It sounds like amnesia. Though I didn't see any signs of a head injury." 

The boy smiled. "Seiji was going to help give me a name."

"Yeah." Seiji smiled back to the boy. He did look young but he was about the same height of Saki, he thought.

Saki smiled. "How about Tenshi? Well he is an angel."

"How can you tell that? I didn't see any wings when I found him."

She rolled her eyes at her brother. "You've never been good at telling that sort of thing."

Tenshi giggled at the simple sibling rivalry. He liked his new name and these people with wolf ears and tails. They were nice. If only I could remember anything . . .

* * * *

Finding a white button up shirt and a small pair of old jeans, Seiji helped Tenshi get dressed. He smiled at the strange teen, he seemed so energetic for someone who must have been injured. Seiji had promised him he would show him around the farm.

Tenshi pulled on some sneakers on and followed Seiji out of the house. The rain had already dried up and it was a beautiful, clear day. He hurried up to catch up with the larger teen, who waited for him by the large red building. "What's this place Seiji-kun?" He asked, tucking his long white hair behind his ear.

Seiji looked at the boy and smiled. "This is where we keep some of our supplies here. Saki and me grow herbs on this farm, like some medicinal herbs and stuff." He shrugged his shoulders. "Come on let me show you the gardens." Tenshi smiled running to catch up with him.

They walked around the many rows of plants and Seiji told Tenshi more about the town. "The town is called Hell's Keep, mainly because the whole territory here is run by demons. Other territories are run by other creatures. There are several kinds of creatures and put into a certain rank depending on the strength of your blood and what kind of creature you are."

Tenshi nodded his head. "It sounds complicated."

The bigger teen shrugged. "Well I'm used to it. I'm a wolf so my rank is a little above the average. But the full blooded werewolves, vampires and other demons have the highest rank."

"What about angels?" Tenshi asked looking up to Seiji.

Seiji looked at the smaller white haired teen. "Well yeah, I'm sure they have a higher rank too. It's just rare to see one here." He fell silent. As they had walked to the edge of the farm, they sat down on a grassy hill side.

Tenshi could feel the heat coming off of Seiji's body and he laid his head on his toned arms. A sense of peace and safety cloaked him. Though his mind was busy full of questions. "Hey Seiji, can you tell what kind of creature someone is like Saki mentioned?"

Seiji gave a awkward laugh his wolf ears twitched. "I'm not that great. Some people, like Saki, can read a persons' aura and tell what kind of race they are, even when they keep their physical appearance hidden. Others and I can only guess by site and smell. But I never can get it right." He gave a devilish smile and leaned into Tenshi close to his ear and whispered, "You smell amazing by the way."

Tenshi felt something stir inside him and blushed a light pink. Changing the subject, he said, "I am an angel, I know that much."

"How can you tell?" Seiji was confused, cocking his head to the side. He was surprised as Tenshi began to unbutton his shirt. His skin was pale and blemish free, he didn't have any hair on his body. Seiji couldn't help but feel the blood rushing down and could smell desire rising from Tenshi as well.

Tenshi laid his shirt on the ground and turned his back to Seiji, he felt weird but continued to move his long hair out of the way. To show Seiji the two silver lines parallel to his spine. He knew the mark meant he was an angel, Saki told him. But would Seiji rejected him or devour him like he said other demons would do...

Seiji couldn't help but trace his fingers over the lines. He could feel Tenshi shiver at his touch and hear a low sound of pleasure. Seiji's inner wolf urged his body forward and lick up Tenshi's spine, which made the slender teen jump slightly.

No matter how much he resisted his wolf showed him what he wanted. Seiji saw himself, naked and pushing Tenshi down on all fours and ravaging his little body. Seiji forced the image away, he never thought of himself as gay but this angel had a hold on him somehow.

Back to reality Seiji put the long sleeve shirt back on Tenshi and wrapped his arms around the boy, whispering to him. "I'm sorry, Tenshi."

Tenshi turned and hugged Seiji his face flushed, "Its ok."

* * * *

The next morning the boys were woken up early by Saki earlier than usual. Saki had gotten Tenshi registered to go to the high school in town, the same as Seiji. She also got him the school uniform, regular clothes, and school supplies. Saki insisted she cut Tenshi's long hair, saying white hair was strange enough. Seiji was quiet happy with the results.

Tenshi walked down the stairs, wearing the standard school uniform of a white button shirt, black vest with the school logo and black pants, he did have a red bow loosely around the shirt's collar that was usually girl's style but Seiji thought it looked cute on him. Saki had cut his hair pretty short but long enough to go past his ears and curl at the ends.

Seiji turned away hoping they didn't see him blushing, taking a calming breath he said, "Come on we can't be late." Grabbing their back packs, Seiji headed out of the house. Smiling, he heard Tenshi's footsteps quicken until he walked beside him.

Hell's High School was located in the central part of the town, Hell's Keep. It was a large three story gray building, track and fields in the back and a separate building for the indoor pool. Tenshi stayed close to Seiji, he looked around nervously at all the students around the school. Seiji used his free hand to pat the teen's head, Tenshi looked up at him with his bright blue eyes and smiled and he appeared calmer now. 

The bell rang as they entered their classroom, they were happy they had the same classes, they figured it was probably Saki's doing. Seiji took his seat in the back and set Tenshi's bag on the floor by the empty desk on his right. Quiet a few of the other students began to whisper seeing the white haired boy standing beside the teacher, Mrs. Inoue. She was young teacher, in her late 20's with long brown hair with amber eyes and a light tan on her smooth skin. In her mint green blouse and long black skirt, she filled out nicely, many of the male students had their eyes on her except, Seiji. He watched Tenshi at the front of the class, his tail swaying slightly.

Mrs. Inoue cleared her throat, silencing the class. "We have a new student today his name is Tenshi. Please help him feel welcomed to our school." She gave him a smile and motioned him to take a seat, turning to the white board she started writing the assignments. Tenshi took the seat by Seiji and gave him a nervous smile.

The first half of school went uneventful, students still stared at Tenshi but he seemed to relax more. During lunch they sat with their desks together, with the lunches Saki made them. They both had ham and cheese sandwiches and some sliced fruit. 

Trouble came to them quickly. Akira wore the girls' uniform in her usual fashion, a too low white blouse and way too short black skirt and a red bow holding up her blond hair in a ponytail. "Seiji you look great today." she flirted, sitting on the edge of his desk.

"Yeah." He grunted keeping his eyes on his food and Tenshi next to him.

Akira crossed her long legs knowing that her skirt shifted higher. "So, have you thought of my offer?" It was always a game of hers to try and grab more attention to herself. For some reason she made Seiji her next target to sleep with, he supposed. Akira had offered to be Seiji's mate several times now since they met and he always refused. But that didn't stop her.

Without looking at her Seiji answered her. "No. Now leave us be." He took a mouth full of his sandwich and chewed.

Akira made an annoyed sound and turned her attention to Tenshi, he was just watching her with a confused look. She gave a brief but cold smile. "Hey new kid. I'm Akira, a succubus and you are?" He didn't answer, Seiji was about say something to Akira when she spoke again. "You look too girly and weak to be anything strong. I'm sure the demons will kill you soon." She slid off the desk and walked away, laughing to herself.

Seiji's wolf ears turned back angrily. He didn't like that Akira was starting to pick on his boy already. His? Seiji mentally shook his head. Tenshi didn't belong to him, he was just helping the boy until they had more information on who he really is and where he came from. Though his inner wolf said something else.

Later in the day, several students had talked to Tenshi, in a much friendlier way than Akira had. Seiji smiled proud to see him adjusting well. It was last period of the day and Seiji knew it meant gym for him, Tenshi, and his good friend Alex. They ran into Alex in the locker room, already in his gym shorts and t-shirt. The tall dark teen looked menacing at first glance, with the large cords of muscles around his body. He gave Seiji and Tenshi a big grin. "So who is your little friend?" Alex asked in his heavily accented voice.

Seiji began to undress and so did Tenshi. "He's new here, his name is Tenshi." He slipped on his red shorts and slim fit white tank top, he liked it because it kept him cool. Tenshi finished dressing in his uniform, similar to the others but he wore a white t-shirt.

Surprisingly, Tenshi held his hand out to the much larger teen and smiled. "Nice to meet you, Alex." 

This made him smile shake the boy's hand with his much larger one. Seiji grinned glad he wasn't afraid of his large friend. Alex was a cross of a panther and grizzly bear, so it was a surprise Tenshi wasn't intimidated by his size.

They headed out to the track field behind the school and did simple stretches and jogged around the track. Seiji was so happy to be outside in his element, he turned the jog into a full on race with the other males in the class.

Tenshi took his time and jogged with the girls knowing he had no chance, at running a race. He happily watched Seiji and his new friend having fun. Smiling to himself he didn't see two girls run up beside him, on his left the girl from before and to his right a slim girl with long black hair and a blond streak to the side. He didn't like how their presence made him feel, it felt dense and full of dark intent.

"He finally left you I see." Akira said, her cold eyes looking to where Seiji rested on the benches across the circular track. He guessed Seiji won. Tenshi turned his gaze back to the track in front of him.

"What is he your guard dog?" The black haired girl joined in, she laughed as if she said something funny. 

Tenshi avoided their mean stares. "No, he's my friend. I'm staying with him for a while..."

"Oh really?" They both sneered. They reached the end of the track and Tenshi raced over to Seiji. He smiled and sat next to the wolf boy, he took a sip of water, silently wished the two girls would stop staring daggers at him.

Seiji sensed the boy's tension, and looked around. Akira and her little sidekick Ivy, where talking to another guy who everyone called Russell, he was a large muscled guy with short brown and black hair. He was known as a big bully all over town, being a pit and boxer mix by nature he was aggressive. Seiji didn't like that they were staring at him and his boy. "Wait here." He told Tenshi as he stood and walked up to the group. His inner wolf growled, he didn't care that a circle of students surrounded them and chanted "Fight". His wolf wanted a good challenge, he didn't like that they were threatening what was his. He could feel the familiar sharp pains as his body began to shift.

A small hand wrapped around his fist, it was Tenshi. His eyes silently pleaded for him to stop. Seiji calmed instantly. Tenshi pulled Seiji away from the crowd, and he followed him willingly back to the school.

* * * *

Later at home, Tenshi and Seiji were doing homework in Seiji's bedroom. Tenshi looked around the room he hadn't been in here before now. The room was clean, but the walls were covered in band posters and other things, the bed was quiet large and soft, and there was a big TV across the room on top of a dresser by the door. Beside the bed was a lamp, alarm clock and a photo with happy looking family of five. "Who are they?" He asked aloud.

Seiji looked at what Tenshi was pointing at and picked up the old photo. "It's my family, from when I was younger." He pointed to the little wolf boy in the image. "That's me, Saki, my older brother, and mom and dad." He pointed out each of the family members.

Tenshi noticed they all had dark and the same green eyes as the woman, but the father and older brother had piercing grey eyes. "Where are they?" He asked.

Seiji tensed up. "My parents passed away a few years ago. And my brother left me and Saki afterwards. Saki chose to drop out of school, so she could take over running the farm and taking care of me."
