 This story contains characters 18+

Author's Note: Hey everyone! Here's the next chapter of The Fallen. Sorry if it took me so long to post. I am working on two other stories I plan on posting soon as well. As for you my readers, thank you for all the support and feedback! I have read your messages and comments and anyone is free to add me on Facebook! Rose Acacia Nightshade. I may make a page soon too. But there I'll be able to give updates and sneak peeks at new chapters and series.

Thank you and enjoy!~ 

*

With heavy eyelids Seiji began to stir awake. Soft white sheets enveloped him, familiar but strange. Sitting up he looked around. From what he could see in the dim light, was that he was in a cave of sorts. Smooth round walls encircled him, and what appeared to be a pool of water on the floor of the cave. It emitted an eerie green glow. Movement under the sheet drew his attention. A body pressed against him, and he hesitantly pulled back the sheet. A woman with pure white skin laid beside him nude. He could see that she was a water creature from the pinkish fins on her arms, legs, and ears. She stretched her lithe body and looked at him with smiling eyes. "Hello, my love"

"Love?" he looked baffled, "Who are you?" and most of all where was Tenshi?

The fish-girl laughed softly and pressed her lips on Seiji's bare stomach. "Playing games again, Seiji? I'll play along then." She cool touch drifted further down to his nether regions. He tried to stop her but somehow his body would not move, like he was sedated. Even his inner wolf seemed to be knocked out.

He could not do anything but watch and feel as the girl drew his member into her wet mouth. His body was carving for her touch but his head was trying to figure out what's going on."Seiji." The fish girl purred and turned his face to look at her. She climbed up on his lap and impaled herself on his cock and was riding him. "Do you like fucking me Seiji?" Cooed to him and somehow his hands had a mind of their own and pet themselves on her waist, pushing her down on him harder with every stroke. What was going on, where's Tenshi?

****

Tenshi awoke in small room, at least that's what he thought, he could not see anything form what felt like a blind fold over his eyes. He could tell he was on his knees on the cold hard floor and his arms were chained above him, which were hurting. Where am I and why am I naked? He thought to himself. A door opened somewhere in front of him. "Hello?" He called out hoping to get some kind of answer but received none. Only the soft sound of footsteps coming towards him. Someone or something was standing before him, he felt no body coming from it but heard the faint beat of a heart. The creature bent down and pricked Tenshi's arm with a needle and injected fluid into his body. Then the person left and the door was closed again.

It did not take long for Tenshi to start feeling weird. His skin felt hot and tight, sweat beaded his forehead. His nether regions felt tingly. His cock swelled painfully along with his balls. He could not help but wiggle his ass. What a great time to be in heat, he thought to himself. What was in that needle? He felt terrible. His senses were overacting.

The doors opened again causing Tenshi to jump. He heard no one enter but the sound of the door closing again. A cold hand gripped his hard penis and he jumped again and tried to turn away from whoever it was. "Don't move." A voice said in a harsh tone. Tenshi obeyed, who knew what this stranger could do. The man put something on his dick and strapped it in place and then backed away.

The door opened again and someone walked in. This person walked around Tenshi and muttered occasionally. He poked and prodded him everywhere even his hard cock which Tenshi hissed in a breath as his hard on throbbed from the light touches.

The newcomer backed away and said, "Start the experiments!"

Tenshi was scared what were they going to do to him. He soon found out. The mechanism on his dick came to life, buzzing loudly and vibrating his cock. "Aaaaaah!" Tenshi cried out from the painful pleasure it brought. He wanted to cum badly but the thing wouldn't let him. He squirmed around wanting to double over from the pain but his chained arm did not budge. Seiji, where are you?

****

Seiji could only lay there while the fish-girl bounced on his cock. He knew his dick was hard and inside her, but lucky for him he's not able to feel anything from it. For mated wolves they fell no pleasure from any kind of sexual act unless it's from their mate.

His inner wolf was awake now, disgusted by the scene and was itching to leave. Seiji stayed still though so he would not alarm the girl. He looked around the small room searching for any kind of escape route. The only opening seemed to be the pool in the floor a few feet away.

As the fish-girl dislodged herself from his cock to change positions, Seiji took his chance. He roughly pushed the girl off him and ran for the pool. The only sound he heard was a gasp behind and his footsteps before crashing down into the water. Then everything was dark and silent.

Warily he opened his eyes. Seiji found himself in another room. Everything was white and smelled of a hospital. He was strapped onto a hard metal bed by leather straps. To his left the fish-girl stood wearing what appeared to be a black wetsuit but with wires sticking out all over.

Her blue eyes were wide with fear. Seiji growled at her, "Where am I? Where's Tenshi?!" A beep sounded from the girl's wrist.

The sound of a man came through a speaker somewhere. "Ms. Smith what is the meaning of this? The male should still be in Dream Mode!"

"S-sorry, Sir! He got past me." She looked frightened.

"Hey! Where's Tenshi!" Seiji roared hoping the man could hear him. Seiji heard a faint sound of moaning in the background. It was Tenshi. Seiji's blood boiled. "What are you doing to him? I'll kill you!"

The man spoke again calmly, "Ms. Smith open the viewing chamber and show him. It would be good research to study the wolf's responses." A click sounded and it was all quiet. The fish-girl walked to the empty white wall at the foot of his metal bed and glided her hand over it. The seamless wall opened up showing a high a dark circular room. The bed rose up and allowed Seiji to have a full view of the room and Tenshi.

Joy was over come by rage at what he saw. Tenshi was being fucked by a tall translucent creature. Seiji lost it, someone was going to pay.

****

Sometime earlier, what felt like an eternity, Tenshi was still being tortured by the device on his erection. The blindfold was wet with his tears, he did not remember when he started crying. In addition to the machine on his cock clamps were put on his nipples and a dildo gyrated in his ass.

"Please. Stop. It hurts." He panted, his throat was raw. They never said anything or answered his pleas. Until now, all the things on him stopped and the cuffs on his wrists let go of him and they fell limply to his sides.

He slowly moved his sore arms and took off the blindfold. Before him stood two men in white lab coats. One was tall and thin black slicked-back hair and a judging gaze. The other was shorter than the other but had boarder shoulders and grey and white skin and a toothy grin. They both were fish people from the gills and fins on their necks.

"Why are you doing this?" Tenshi asked. The men said nothing but turned away and walked to the steel doors and left. Tenshi gently pulled the devices off and out of his sore ass and threw them at the steel door. He curled up on the floor, his tail between his legs shamefully. His body was hot, sweaty, and he could smell his mating scent in the air.

It was not long before the men came back. Looking up he saw a figure towering over them. It stepped closer to him, it had light blue skin and darker blue spots on his body and his face was plain almost human-like and portrayed no emotion. Like Tenshi the creature was naked as well. The tall thin male spoke, "Time to begin phase two, to see if subject has taken on female wolf qualities. Subject number fourteen, begin impregnation."

"Impreg-?" The creature grabbed Tenshi's legs and flipped him on his knees. Tentacles shot out from its body and wrapped around Tenshi, holding him in place. "No, please don't!" A thick tentacle dove into his mouth to silence him. Fluid was leaking from the tentacle, it tasted awful but made him feel light headed all of a sudden. The creature's other tentacles began to move, one wrapped around his chest and branched off the rub their juices on his nipples. Another encased his cock and a thick tentacle was working itself into his ass. Pain overflowed his thoughts but any conscious effort to get away was gone in seconds. Why can't I think straight. It must be the thing, Tenshi thought to himself.

The other smaller tentacles were massaging and tickling his body as the blue creature thrusted his members in Tenshi's holes. By now there was a thick layers of the creature's fluid all over his body, it was thick and sticky and had a purple hue. His orifices were sore his jaw cramped, how long has this been going on? Tenshi faintly heard one of the scientists talking but could not make out the words, his head still feeling fuzzy. A familiar voice did reach him. Seiji. Was he here as well?

Suddenly the tentacles started to pulse and vibrate all over him. The creature's pace sped up and was fucking him hard. He would have screamed if he could, he felt no pleasure the entire time only aches and pains. Though, his cock was hard as steel, he had not came once. The thick tentacles in his throat and ass expanded and leaked more fluid as they twisted and turned around inside him. Please don't let him cum in me, Tenshi thought and closed his eyes. The tentacles vibrated and started pumping large amounts of a thick liquid into his body.

A loud banging sound could be heard far behind him. The scientists were yelling something when the steel doors opened. The blue creature turned around without letting go of Tenshi as his body kept pumping the fluids into him. What's going on? Tenshi wondered. The creature was quickly pulled off of him and he opened his eyes to see Seiji.

****

A few minutes ago, Seiji stormed out of the room. How dare they rape his mate. Rage filled his movements and thoughts as he pushed past other creatures and the monsters in lab coats. He found the steel door that led to the large room and pounded his fist on it. "Open up now!" He roared. No one answered so he stepped back and gave the door a good kick. It hurt but the door gave way and fell to the floor.

In front of him stood the two scientists but he pushed past them he was more concerned by the blue creature. It grossly turned its jelly-like torso around to look at him with an emotionless gaze. He rushed towards it and gave it a nice roundhouse kick to the head, apparently that was the only solid part of its body, who knew, and he fell with a thud. Tenshi was a sticky mess of purple goo but that didn't stop him from holding his mate. "Seiji" his voice was hoarse but he was glad to hear it.

"I'm here, Tenshi." He whispered back.

A cough sounded off behind him, "What do you think you are doing?" Seiji looked behind him at the shorter scientist. "We were in the middle of an experiment!"

"Hush, Greenwich!" The other spoke. "This is an important finding as well, write it down."

"You people are sick!" Seiji spat with venom in his voice.

"Not 'sick' we are only studying your species." The tall one continued. "We have not had the chance to study many wolves or even a hybrid of a wolf and angel!"

"How did you mate him? How long does the process happen?" The other began spouting off questions but Seiji ignored him. It was none of their business.

"Don't worry, Tenshi. I'll get us out of here." He brushed the slime from his face as he spoke softly to him.

"You can't leave."

"What?" Seiji growled.

"You two belong to us now. No one will be able to find you here in our underwater facility. Not a soul has ever left here."

Seiji was about to show them how wrong they were when someone appeared in the doorway. "No they're coming with us." They all turned, even Tenshi peeked around his mate, and looked at the woman standing there. She wore a black women's suit and high heels, her gray hair was wrapped tightly in a bun on her head, and despite the gray hair she was young and beautiful. "They are free to go by order of the Shadow Wing Guard and high king."

The scientists grumbled under their breath looking defeated. "Who are you?" Seiji asked.

She smiled at him. "Let's get you both cleaned up and I'll explain everything.

Without a word Seiji stood, holding Tenshi against his chest, and followed the woman, leaving the scientists fuming and the blue jelly-like creature unmoving where it fell. Anywhere was better than there he thought. She lead them to a shower room. "Get washed up in there and put on the clothes I left for you on the bench. I'll be waiting right here." She smiled, she was almost as tall as himself, Seiji noted.

He carried Tenshi inside, it really was a spacious shower room, with lockers and everything. Seiji set Tenshi on a chair and turned the hot water on, he gently washed his mate. He seemed lifeless. "Love, it's okay now. I'll keep you safe. I don't know who these people are but that woman seems to want to help us."

Tenshi said nothing, he felt shameful for letting this happen. "I know but-"

"I'll make sure those guys pay for hurting you!" Tenshi was surprised by the rage in his mate's voice. "You did nothing wrong, Tenshi." He gave him a kiss on the lips. It wasn't that he felt weak and confused by everything or Seiji's kissing. But Tenshi got up and ran for the nearest toilet and vomited, to spare you the details let's just say it was purple and gross. Seiji soothed Tenshi as best he could. "I'm sorry I won't kiss you or anything."

"No, it's not that Seiji." He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand."It's just what they did to me... It hurt and still hurts. I feel nauseous."

Seiji took Tenshi's hand and led him back to the showers. He had found a new bar of soap and was washing Tenshi's back gently. His inner wolf was seething but he kept his voice calm. "You probably feel that way because your body is rejecting that thing. Mated wolves physically can't be with anyone other than their mate." He nuzzled his mate against the old scars of the bite mark. He'd have to reclaim Tenshi soon, his wolf thought.

Tenshi slowly relaxed as Seiji washed his body. It felt good, really good. His face flushed and he looked up at Seiji whose eyes were wild with lust. "Seiji" he moaned. Seiji wrapped his arms around his small body and drew his lips to his own. They stood there kissing passionately with the hot water flowing over their bodies. Seiji intertwined his long tongue with Tenshi's and dominated his mouth. The steam carried the heat of their bodies the thick scent of lust.

Purple fluid was leaking from Tenshi's arse and he growled. He fingered Tenshi's entrance trying to coax the creature's seamen from inside him. Tenshi held onto him and shook from the pleasure of his touches. Satisfied that the globs of purple cum were gone and down the drain, Seiji reclaimed Tenshi's mouth again swirling his tongue around in his little mouth and tongue. He drew back while biting on his angel's lips. He lifted Tenshi off the floor with his back on the sower wall. His cock and inner wolf couldn't take anymore foreplay, his rod was as hard as steel and aching to be inside Tenshi.

Tenshi felt the tip of Seiji's hard on pressing into his back entrance and moaned and wiggled his ass hoping to push Seiji in him faster. Seiji's wolf-like cock popped inside him and he let out an audible moan and wrapped himself around Seiji. Seiji began pumping his cock in and out of Tenshi at a fast pace always hitting Tenshi's good spots at the same time. Tenshi was flooded with waves of lust and pleasure. He dug his claws into Seiji's back and tightened his legs around his waist. "Oh, Tenshi! I'm so close!" Seiji growled and thrusted harder and faster. Seiji's face scrunched up in intense pleasure, his fangs grew longer and his body began to shift. His eyes opened mid-shift, looking into Tenshi's eyes, and then sunk his fangs into the old scars of the first mating bite and his cock exploded inside him. Tenshi cried out from the overwhelming pleasure and surprisingly bit back. As his own fangs sank into Seiji's neck at the spot as his bite mark, he and Seiji reached new heights of an orgasm. They both pumped loads of cum in and on each other until they had no energy left.

Seiji and Tenshi panted heavily, using the slick wall for support. Seiji went back to normal though his belly and chest were covered in Tenshi's cum and Tenshi had it from his belly to his arse and leaking down his legs. Seiji spoke after catching his breath, "My love, that was truly amazing." he smiled and kissed Tenshi on the lips again and then licked the wound close. He smiled and watched Tenshi with love and devotion in his eyes. "I love you my mate."

"I love you too." He smiled and licked the bite mark he put on Seiji. It looked bad but after he licked it and the sweet coppery taste hit his tongue, the wound healed like his did.

****

After getting cleaned again, Seiji and Tenshi got dressed in the clothes the woman had left for them. Tenshi awed at the soft silky feel of his grey sweater and black skinny jeans. "This is some fancy clothes." Tenshi said while watching Seiji. He didn't seem that impressed with his skin tight black shirt that showed off his muscles nicely, and promptly torn the long sleeves off, he was in all black. "Who do you think is that lady?"

"She said she was from the Shadow Wing Guard and mentioned a high king." He paused and furrowed his brow. "I don't remember us ever having a high king."

"Can we trust her?" Tenshi was wide-eyed, he thought about the possibility of the vampires trying to get them back.

Seiji sensed his worry and pulled him into an embrace. "Whatever happens I'll never let them take you away. We have to be careful around her and whoever else we meet. Understand?" Tenshi nodded and the shower room door opened.

The woman poked her head in and smiled as her gaze met theirs. "Good looks like we're all ready. The paper work has been done and now time for us to leave."

"Leave where?" Seiji asked.

"Oh, that was such a lovely shirt." She commented on the shortened sleeves of Seiji's shirt. "We are leaving here to take you and your friends to a safe haven."

"Where?" Tenshi asked this time.

"With our kind, Tenshi. Skyward Reach or the angle's kingdom."

To be continued... 