 Author's note; As always thank you to my readers for all the support! I apologize for not posting as frequently as I said I would. I've been ill for a long time now. I will continue this story and possibly start another series or short stories.

Thank you for reading chapter five of The Fallen. Please leave a comment and rate if you liked it.

All characters are 18 years of age or older. 

*

The elder vampire smiled softly to the little male. Like everyone in the crowd he was surprised his only son Dominic, would chose a male. "Come. We don't bite, little one." He spoke to the boy and nodded to his servant Isaac, who pushed him forward.

Tenshi didn't want to but with Isaac pushing him it looked like he had no choice. He glance pleadingly to Seiji but he just stood there with a blank expression, and his hands curled into fists. He pleaded silently that Dominic would change his mind.

Tenshi stood there in front of the vampires and demons not to mention the whole city of Hell's Keep. He tried to keep from shaking but it was no use, he was terrified of them. Tenshi watched as the vampire lord studied him and smiled. "I've never seen you here before boy. What's your name, are you not from here?"

"T-tenshi. My name is Tenshi." His voice shook nervously. "I don't know where I'm from..." The crowd talked in hushed voices.

"He's an angel obviously, father." Dominic pushed passed the older vampire. He roughly cupped Tenshi's chin in his hand sniffed his neck. "Though he smells like a damn dog" he traced a finger over a vein on Tenshi's neck, "His blood is pure though." He grinned widely, his pearly white fangs showing.

Tenshi could only guess what the vampire had in mind. Please Seiji help! He cried in his head. He felt a hand on his shoulder and then a sharp pain. He looked back in time to see Isaac putting a syringe in his coat pocket. Tenshi felt a burning sensation in his back and his head felt cloudy. He was slightly aware that his bones were growing from his back and tearing through his kimono. Tenshi could only hear muffled voices and the sound of his beating heart.

Seiji couldn't stand it any longer. He knew he would be seen as a traitor, but that was his mate. He tossed his suit jacket to the floor and ran at Dominic. He let out a battle cry and tackled the vampire to the floor. He let rage take over completely. He slammed his fists into the vampire's face repeatedly. Not caring that people were screaming in panic and Akira was a tempting at pulling his hair. He wanted to kill Dominic for trying to take what's his.

"Stop brother. Or I will kill you." Isaac's cold voice spoke while he held a large knife to his neck. Seiji could tell he was serious, the blade was made of pure silver, it burned his skin where it touched.

"I always knew you would choose to be a pet for them."

"Better a loyal servant than a boy with silly ideals." Isaac replied.

Seiji snorted and backed away from the prince. Akira rushed over to him and fussed over his bloodied face and broken nose. Dominic stood up and growled in frustration. "I'll have you killed for that mutt." With a loud crack he pushed his nose back into place. "As prince of Hell's Keep, the angel is mine to devour! You're just a wolf, your kind as no rights here!"

The vampire lord cleared his throat, he looked like he was enjoying the show. "Now Dominic that's no way to treat our people."

Akira clung to Dominic. "Just forget about them, you have me. Remember all the fun we've had?" Her voice had a sultry sound to it. But he wasn't buying it.

"Your nothing but a fuck toy, that I'm bored of. Get out of my sight." With that he turned and headed to the castle doors. Akira ran of crying into the crowd.

Seiji found Tenshi on the stage floor, he had large white feathered wings hanging limply from his back. He seemed unharmed but asleep, Isaac must have sedated him. Saki was on her knees next to him. "His kimono ripped when his wings grew out." She handed Seiji his suit jacket and he wrapped it around Tenshi.

"I'm sorry, pup." He whispered to his angel. Gently folding his wings under the jacket, Seiji picked him up in his arms and walked home. He ignored the comments and stares from the creatures in the crowd. He just wanted to take his angel home, safe.

Tenshi woke up the next day, he was still pretty shook up from the previous night. He couldn't remember what happened after Isaac injected him with something.

"There's something I want to ask you Seiji..." Tenshi looked to his boyfriend. "Why didn't you save me sooner?" His voice cracked at the end. Tenshi felt like maybe Seiji didn't want to save him, he had stood there and did nothing while he was almost made Dominic's mate or lunch.

Seiji sighed, "It's against the rules to defy them in any way. Here's a history lesson, Tenshi. As we've learned in school, years ago there was a great war between all the species. They say it was because of a ruthless, beast-like king. He started the war. Until a brave knight came in and slayed the king and his warriors."

Tenshi nodded, "Yeah, I remember that from class."

"They will tell you also that the king was a werewolf and the knight was a vampire. The vampires changed the history to make themselves the heroes. The "ruthless" king wasn't a king but an alpha to his people, the animal species. He had established peace with all the nations. But he was too kind for his own good. He offered land to a nomadic people, the demons. They never had a permanent home, so he pity them and gave them homes."

Seiji looked at his pup to see if he was following along. "So the werewolf was kind enough to allow demons to stay in the city, along with the animal species "

Seiji nodded and continued his story. "It was a mistake, the demons would often steal and kill the citizens. Mean while the demons had already attacked neighboring towns belonging to the other nations. Their leader was a vampire named Alexander. He made sure that everyone fought each other. But he missed one thing, the angels. They were allies with the animals and they had seen everything the demons had done. They fought side by side but there were far more demons and eventually they surrendered. It didn't stop there though."

"If the wolves and angels didn't pledge loyalty to Alexander, they would be killed. The vampire killed nearly all the wolves just to make his point clear. The angels barely escaped the demons grasp, but their leader stayed behind. He was friends with the wolf leader. Alexander killed him first and drank his blood dry, thus gaining more power. Then he killed the wolf king. Alexander told the other kingdoms that it was the wolf that started the war, whether they believed him or not they stopped fighting."

"And that's why the city is called Hell's Keep, too? Because of the demons?"

"Yes, pup. After that, Alexander ruled for centuries. You met him the other day." He heard Tenshi's heart beat faster.

"Wow..." Tenshi fell silent. "So if their rules are absolute and you broke the rules, what happens to us and Saki?"

Seiji sighed heavily. "We have to leave. Leave Hell's Keep and never come back." His wolf ears twitched. "Sounds like Saki's back. She went out to get supplies we needed." He stood and left the room.

Tenshi pushed out of bed, his legs felt a little shakey as he made his way out to the bathroom. He rested against the sink counter. In the mirror he was surprised at his reflection, his hair was all over the place and light circles around his eyes. Tenshi climbed into the shower and scrubbed himself clean. He noticed his wings did feel stiff, maybe since he hasn't used them in so long. Slowly, white wings grew from the lines on his back. He kept his back to the shower, the warm spray of water washed over his snowy feathers.

Satisfied, he dried off with a fluffy towel and begun to dress. He heard the bathroom door open and Seiji stepped in. He was grinning, he saw Tenshi was only in a pair of green under ware. He wrapped his arms around Tenshi, a soft growl rumbled in his chest, he kissed his neck and sucked the base of his throat. Tenshi's pulse quickened, he exposed his neck to Seiji, part of him wanted Seiji to mark him then and there. But Seiji pulled back and kissed Tenshi's lips.

Tenshi felt frustrated. He frowned at Seiji. "Why won't you mark me."

Seiji looked surprised. "Where's this coming from?"

"You didn't mark me before the festival. You said that it would be risky to take me while I was not marked, and look what happened."

Seiji's face hardened and softened again, in a soft voice he replied, "Angel, don't think that way. I didn't know Dominic would do that. I thought I could have protected you." He drew a deep breath. "I didn't mark you because I wanted you to enjoy the festival, and not be withering in pain for perhaps weeks."

Tenshi looked confused, so Seiji continued. "When wolves mark their mates it leaves a mark, showing that you belong to them. Our bites, in that state, carry some of our DNA into our mates. Which could do nothing to another wolf, but could alter your DNA. Either way the process is painful it could last from a few hours to weeks, depending on how your body reacts."

Tenshi nodded, "I understand now." His looked watery. "I'm sorry for accusing you like that." He wrapped his arms around Seiji's neck and kissed his jaw. He noticed something on Seiji's neck. It was an angry red, looking scar. "Where did this come from?" He lightly touched the scar.

"Oh, that. It happened last nite, Issac held a knife to me. I kinda was beating Dominic to death, and he puts a silver knife to my neck, threatening to kill me." He shrugged his shoulders. "Werewolves are allergic to silver, its a weakness of ours."

Tenshi kissed Seiji, "I'll remember that." He finished getting dresses and retracted his wings.

That evening, Seiji and Tenshi joined Saki for dinner. Saki prepared a lovely spread of delicious food and all of their favorites and a bottle of wine. Tenshi was a bit confused by all this, it was just an ordinary day. "Aren't we too young for wine?"

Seiji raised an eyebrow, "There's no law like that here. The alcohol burns out of our bodies before we can absorb it, I don't know about angels though. C'est la vie." He raised his glass and tapped it against Saki's and Tenshi's glasses.

"We'll be leaving at dawn tomorrow." Saki announced. "Everything is ready to go, and two others are joining us."

Tenshi only stared at his plate. He felt awful that they had to move because of him. How would things be different if Seiji never found him?