 Note: This is the first of a series. Tag says fallen angel, which is true. Nothing supernatural in this story, but there will be more to come. Already in the works for a part 2 however not sure how long that will be.

*****

Caleb had known since he was a kid that he was a bit different than everyone else he met. He was smarter, more athletic than anyone else, and he had always seemed to be more intimidating. Now that he was an adult, things didn't change much. He was quite a handsome man though. His eyes were a magnificent blue, almost glimmering. His hair a jet black, cut short, soft and lustrous with health. He had a beautiful smile, his teeth straight without need of braces, brilliant and white. His face was angular, with high cheek bones and a strong and broad jawline. He stood 6 foot even, with broad shoulders and a strong build, body tight with muscles. His body had a light dusting of hair, soft to the touch and barely grew, so it remained a nice length. 

The intimidation didn't come from his almost permanent serious face. Anyone who had met him that wasn't intimidated by his looks were intimidated by his presence, his energy. Caleb had almost had this air that was almost regal. He walked in confidence, like the world was moving around him and he was completely unawares. No one had ever came up to him, except maybe those brave few that decided to walk up to him and ask for a number, or strike up a conversation. Little had ever come up from one of these few encounters. Caleb was a lonely man, not trying to get too close to anyone, ever. He'd had his one night stands, however not many. He could count his sexual encounters on one hand.

Caleb had been walking along the beach, alone. The sun was sinking into the dancing waves. He was calm, the feeling of the sand, still warm from the sun's kisses. He enjoyed the sounds that nature could give its children, without the sounds of nature's children getting in the way. He had stopped to look out to the sea again. The sun had finally dropped down behind the horizon, revealing the brilliance of the night sky. He'd turned to start walking again, his eyes still on the sky when he was grounded by a body crashing into him.

"HOLY SHIT! OHMYGOD! I'm so sorry! SO soo so sorry!" The man held his hands on Caleb's chest while Caleb's own hands were on the stranger's waist. They looked at each other a bit, smiles creeping across their faces as they held the contact. They both started laughing, more at themselves than at each other. Caleb looked at this man's face as the laughter stopped, in the moonlight he was handsome.

"My name's Oliver. I really didn't mean to bump into you, it's just..." said the handsome stranger Oliver. "Never mind. I've just been drinking too much I guess." He'd not stopped looking up at Caleb, nor had he removed his hands from his chest. He thought about withdrawing his hands, but this man didn't take his hands off Oliver's waist either. This man, that was beautiful in the light of the moon. He couldn't believe he was so careless, but the stars were just so bright tonight.

"I'm Caleb. It's all good, it was partially my fault. I was paying too much attention to the sky than to my surroundings..." His eyes drifting from Oliver's face upwards, smiling. It took everything he could to pry his eyes off of this guy. He was suddenly aware of the body contact, some of his fingers on Oliver's bare skin. He looked down again, smiling when he found Oliver still looking at him. Oliver couldn't help but feel embarrassed, looking away, towards the sea, feeling the blood rush to his face. "So, it's nice out, and there's still a few more hours before its midnight, would you wanna um. I don't know, look up at the sky with me?" Caleb asked sheepishly, resting his eyes on Oliver's, who was smiling again.

"I'd like that. Um where..."

"My place isn't far from here, I have a balcony, poolside. I mean, if you'd like."

"Lead the way, Caleb." Oliver said in a low rumble, almost.

It took them a second to realize they haven't moved, that their hands were still lingering on each other. They quickly pulled themselves away from each other, both parties partially embarrassed, mostly a little upset it didn't last longer. Caleb started moving towards his home, Oliver walking to his left. They walked in silence mostly, both commenting how peaceful it was, enjoying the sounds of the ocean. Caleb went to move left, bumping slightly into Oliver, causing both men to laugh. "Sorry," said Caleb, "we're here. It's just up this path."

Oliver followed, realizing Caleb lived in the manor he'd wanted to see since he moved to the small Oceanside town just recently. Of course, he figured he'd only see the outside, as it wasn't a tourist attraction. The manor was of Victorian architecture, with a lovely porch, stained glass windows, and a wrought iron fence around the property that was covered in ivy and morning glory, the two competing for growth and life. Once they made their way to an arched gate at the back of the manor, Caleb produced a keyring, felt the keys in his hand, knowing each key had its own feel to it, and unlocked the gate.

Caleb opened the gate allowing Oliver to enter before him. They made their way inside the manor, Oliver looking around the back entrance in awe. Even the back entryway was beautiful. Through the next door was the kitchen, high ceilings, marble countertops with plenty of space, an island in the middle, everything looked wonderful. "Wait 'til you see the rest of the place..." Oliver heard behind him. He'd barely forgotten about Caleb, but was drinking in the view. He turned to see the man he'd only seen in moonlight. Both men looked at each other. They had both momentarily stopped breathing, like their bodies had forgotten how.

Caleb was awestruck looking at the man in front of him. His hair was tousled a bit and a dark brown. His eyes were a light brown, speckled with green here and there. His lips were full, almost feminine. He was shorter than Caleb, the top of his head at neck's length. He was fit, decent sized pecs with a nice six pack. Oliver was almost completely hairless, except for the short hairs that were showing above the elastic of his jock. To Caleb's surprise Oliver's nipples were pierced, sending shivers down his spine. He looked back up at Oliver's face, not knowing how long he had been staring at him. Oliver had a slight smile, an eyebrow raised. He looked so innocent yet, his eyes had given him away.

"Do you like what you see?" said Oliver, curious as to what the other man would say.

"Yeah. I mean. Um. Do you want anything to drink? I have water, wine, beer..."

"Can I have a glass of wine?"

"Of course, I'll have one with you." Caleb had pulled out one of his favorites, even if it was a cheaper wine. "Do you like Rieslings?"

"That's my favorite kind of Riesling. Plus the bottles are pretty." Oliver had gotten closer, taking his glass offered to him from Caleb, their finger's brushing in the exchange. Both men blushed and looked away. Once both glasses were poured they made their way through the back and to the poolside. They sat down on a large cushion that was set on the concrete near the pool. Sipping on their wine they looked up into the swirling night sky, the Milky Way visible, a beautiful sight to behold. As he was sitting there, Caleb felt a soft caress on his knee from the fingertips of this new found beauty next to him. He smiled, looked over at Oliver, and planted a small kiss on his cheek.

Oliver quickly looked over at Caleb, their faces just centimeters away from each other, his mouth quivering. He breathed in the musky, admittedly mouthwatering scent of Caleb. They looked at one another for a couple of seconds, eyes darting up and down, looking at their eyes, their mouths. Both leaned in, simultaneously, and just before their lips touched, they smiled. The kiss was like an explosion. Their eyes closed hard, still seeing floating lights, a ring of white, then darkness again. It was a soft gentle kiss, one that lasted too quickly, even though neither of them wanted to stop. They'd heard yelling and laughing coming from the beach, and although they hadn't noticed the noises before, it soon grounded them.

"Come," said Caleb as he got up and offered a hand to Oliver. He gently accepted, grabbing hold of the man's hand and was walked back into the manor. Caleb led him through a series of rooms and up a set of stairs. Under different circumstances Oliver would have stopped a few times to take a look at the wonders the manor held, but he was too wrapped up in the destination. Caleb opened the bloodwood door that led into his bedroom, still hand in hand with Oliver. He pushed Oliver onto his bed, the young man falling gently onto the bed with a soft sigh. Oliver propped himself up on his elbows and watched as Caleb took his shirt off. He gasped, this man is beautiful.

Caleb looked down at him with a wicked smile. He put his hands on either side of Oliver's legs, slowly crawling up his body until their lips were once again touching. This kiss was deep, sensual. They'd just met but they put every bit of themselves into this kiss. They stopped, gasping for air. Oliver's hands roamed Caleb's chest, then his sides, and his back, while Caleb had slid his hand down the other man's side, giving him goosebumps. Caleb got up, walking over to his dresser. Oliver looked at him walking away, noticing a rather large tattoo on his back. Oliver was too horny, lustful to get up and look, to pay more attention to the detail of the ink. Caleb returned with a bottle of lube and a few condoms when they needed it. That wouldn't be long.

Caleb kissed a trail down Oliver's torso, stopping when he got to his clothed waist. He used his teeth to unbutton his shorts and quickly removed them, revealing a large, hard bulge in a jock. He mouthed the tip of Oliver's hard member through the strained cloth, extracting a moan from the man. Oliver was so close so soon so he grabbed Caleb's head and pulled him up to his lips, hands making their way down to Caleb's own strained pants. Caleb got the picture, removing his pants, glad he went commando today. Oliver reached down, feeling the dick that would soon be in him. He was concerned first, then he was even more turned on. This was massive, he'd not felt a dick quite as thick, and almost as long as his forearm, which wasn't that much longer than his own.

He dragged a finger over the head, feeling precum that had been drooling out of his dick. He spread the juices around, Caleb moaning in pleasure. Oliver brought his finger up, sucking it into his mouth, tasting what Caleb had produced. He wanted more of is sweetness. Rolling their bodies over, Oliver wasn't wasting any time, making his way down and taking this beautiful cock as far in his throat as he could. Caleb's body tensed, not expecting such a sudden deepthroat. He looked down, watching Oliver twist his body around so he could engulf the whole piece. His eyes grew big, feeling a pop in the other man's throat, then more slick wetness. He was all the way in, a nose pressed to his sac, a chin resting on his pubes. Without realizing it, he let out a loud groan, his body thrusting in and out of the throat that enveloped him. He grabbed Oliver's hips, swinging him around so his face was in line with the man's muscled ass.

As soon as Oliver withdrew to catch a breath he felt a hot wetness against his hole, causing him to almost again lose his breath. Eyes rolling back into his face, Oliver continued playing with this beautiful dick, knowing what he wanted. He quickly opened a condom, rolling the latex over this huge dick, not sure at first if it would fit. He moaned, feeling a finger at his entrance, making its way in. "I can't wait anymore! I need you in me!" Oliver screamed. He took the bottle of lube, applying some to Caleb's hardness and then to his hole. He turned around to face Caleb, and lifted himself, hovering over the beastly dick. The cloth of his jock moved to the side with his own dick jutting forward. He steadied himself, feeling the huge dick against his hole, concentrating on his breathing he lowered himself slowly. After the bulbous head was in him, it was easier.

Caleb had never felt anyone as tight, and didn't expect Oliver to take his dick so damn well. The man didn't scream in pain, didn't stop, he just kept lowering slowly, biting his lip. They both let out a moan when Oliver's ass met his pubes. Both men, covered in sweat, didn't move, letting Oliver's tight hole adjust. Caleb was surprised when Oliver started lifting himself up and dropping back down, his ass still tight as ever. Caleb leaned forward, pushing Oliver onto his back, never leaving Oliver's body. Caleb pulled out until only his head remained, then quickly thrust back in, both men moaning in bliss. He grabbed onto the cock that had been continuously leaking precum and started jerking it, leaving Oliver writhing underneath him. It was as if the man was possessed, eyes in the back of his head, panting, groaning, growling as his torso tensed up and released. As if his ass wasn't tight enough already, Oliver's muscles clamped around Caleb's dick, making it almost uncomfortable.

Leaning down, body slick with sweat, Caleb kissed Oliver's moaning mouth. His never slowed his pace, in fact, it was increasing, sliding over Oliver's prostate continuously. His ass clenched again, this time from his impending orgasm. Oliver couldn't take it anymore, a guttural moan leaving his lips as the first shot of cum exploded from his dick. It landed on the headboard behind him. Seeing this, feeling the tightness of Oliver's ass sent Caleb over the edge, his moan adding to his partners. As he shot his first load, Oliver's second had made its way into Oliver's open mouth. With the final few thrusts, Oliver's loads had successfully covered his chin and torso with cum. Caleb had collapsed onto Oliver, both men spent, panting. They laid there for a little while, Caleb's head resting on Oliver's chest, rising and falling with each breath, Oliver running his fingers through the other man's hair.

After a couple minutes Caleb lifted himself up, giving the other man a soft kiss on the lips. He grabbed his hand, leading him to the bathroom. He'd turned the shower on to a comfortable temperature, feeling the water before allowing Oliver to enter before him. They stood there for a moment, looking at one another, fully taking in the other man's beauty. They soon were lightly touching the other's body with fingertips, exploring almost every inch. Oliver took the bar of soap and started to lather Caleb's body, who returned the favor. When Caleb had turned to rinse off Oliver finally had taken a look at the tattoo that was inked onto his back. It was intricate, detailed, and so life-like. He'd had a pair of wings broken off near the base. Six feathers dancing their way down his back, along with inked and very convincing blood. Once they'd finished washing Caleb fetched a couple of towels and dried off, both watching the other in the corner of their eyes.

Oliver was unsure of what to do next. After sex he'd usually leave, either finding a reason to go or it was a mutual understanding that there was not going to be anything afterwards. This time however he was hesitant. He'd wanted to be there, to take a shower with this stranger, to fall asleep in his arms. He wanted to get to know him. Oliver wasn't a whore, but he knew a couple of guys, and they sure knew him. He found love in a man who didn't feel the same, his heart was in pieces for quite some time. So, he figured he'd self-medicate with sex, alcohol and drugs. He wanted to be numb, he liked it better than the alternative. But right now, he was sober, which felt weird, but he felt good. He felt weightless, he'd smiled, which he barely ever did anymore, so much so that it was hurting his face. Would he stick around? Would this guy even let him?

"So," said Caleb, snapping him back to the here and now, "I mean, if you'd like I have some extra shorts or something. If you want to sleep here. It's pretty late... Or well," Caleb looked at the clock. It was three in the morning. "Really early actually. My bed's pretty comfy when there's not a lot going on in it. But there's other rooms you can sleep in if... I mean, it's up to you." Caleb's face was pink with embarrassment, his eyes darting from Oliver's face to the floor and back. He'd bit his lower lip, a nervous habit, Oliver guessed.

"Well, I sleep in the nude," Oliver responded with a wicked smile.

The answer caught Caleb by surprise, making him go from pink to crimson, his eyes widened a little. He felt his cock twitch, even after being thoroughly taken care of. Oliver bounced off towards Caleb's room, Caleb not far behind, staring at the bouncing man's ass as they made their way over to the bed. Oliver had looked at the bed, thinking about asking if they should change the sheets but decided they'd dirty the next sheets, so instead he'd jumped in, covered himself with the soft sheet and downy blanket.

"You're cute," said Caleb as he lifted the covers to join Oliver, who had nestled himself comfortably already. Once Caleb got into bed he'd put his arm around Oliver, who had moved over to rest his head on Caleb's chest. Caleb decided he could get used to this, whatever it is. He tilted his head down, smelling the man's hair, and kissed him. They'd fallen asleep to light caresses, small kisses and smiles on their faces. They weren't sure of where this would lead them. They weren't sure if when they woke up they'd still feel the same; if they'd still have smiles plastered on their faces, but they were content with how things felt right then and there. Everything else didn't matter, they were just wrapped up in the moment.

It was dark. Oliver was alone in a long hallway, shivering. The only light was a candle on a nearby table. He went to reach the slim, long candle and as his fingers touched the holder the hallway flickered with light. Candles down the hall seemed to have sprung to life on their own. The walls were a cream, the floor marble, with columns made with the same material. It seemed to go on forever. His body seemed to move on its own down the corridor. There was but one door, far from where he'd began. It was white, with creeping ivy carved into the wood that looked like it was moving. The door handle was of aged brass, with a keyhole below. He looked at his hand, a black polished skeleton key with a single ivy leaf at the base was resting in his palm. The key fit, he went to turn the knob, opening the door. As he did the ivy blackened, wilted and finally stopped moving.

He looked up, the room was small, cozy. There was a fireplace with a couple of chairs set next to a small table in front of it. The fire cracked and hissed. He'd noticed a figure in one of the high back chairs. Behind him the doorway was pitch black, no light emanated from the hallway anymore. He moved towards the fireplace, the figure stood and walked to stand directly in front of the flames, his back towards Oliver. Large black wings emerged from the man's back stretching out. They must have been easily six feet each. The wings were lustrous, showing purples and greens when the light hit them, like a raven. They rustled, then folded back into themselves, the man had turned around. The silhouette revealed a handsome man. From the shadow he had seen a pair of brilliantly glowing blue eyes.

"I've been waiting for you..." said a familiar voice. When Oliver went to respond the room seemed to waver and flicker. He'd heard soft breathing, chirping birds, then the room was gone, slowly slipping into consciousness.