 THIS STORY TAKES PLACE BEFORE MICHAEL AND BILL

Anthony.

After spending the morning looking for a new place to live (See Betsy and Lisa, coming soon), and calling friends for leads on roommate situations, I needed to get to work, but got to the mall earlier than my scheduled shift. 

I figured I might as well go shopping for a new leather jacket (perhaps I am gay? I am using woman logic...) and went to the leather goods store in the mall. I started looking at various jackets when the manager came over to assist. Anthony. 

I was instantly enthralled with his grey eyes. He was about 6' with wavy brown hair, just slight flecks of gray, slender, and was very handsome. But I never saw a pair of eyes that drew me in like that. He asked if he could help try various jackets on, I told him what I was looking for and we went from there. 

After trying several on, we agreed on the one that I thought looked best on me. And then he measured me to get it ordered. Being 6'6", I don't buy off the rack, for most things.

As he got out his tape and measured my chest and arms, I was tingly and goose pimply as he moved around. It was a brief encounter, but it stirred my insides and even my cock, just a little. I didn't totally bulge, and I am sure he couldn't notice, even in my 501's but i was a little flush. I paid my deposit, and he told me when it would be in. We smiled at each other and I left, already calculating the hours till I got to return and have him help me into my new coat.

The day arrived that I could pick up my coat, but I needed to make sure Anthony was in, so I called the store, and sure enough. I went by the mall early, before work and went in. I was the only one in the store, and he smiled big and said hi, went back in the back and came out with my coat. As I stood in front of the mirror, he brought out the coat, helped me into it, and smiled at my reflection in the mirror and said it looked good on me, as we thought it might. 

I smiled back and said it was his eye for picking out the perfect jacket. I started to tingle again, and then it dawned on me, I planned poorly. I had to get to work, and I would not have an excuse to come back to the store and see him again. 

Here is where not being open about these sort of things makes it difficult how to ask a guy out. I was not sure how to tell if someone REALLY is gay or not, I was stymied what to do next. But my time with Anthony was going to end and I didn't get to do anything with him. As he was telling me about rain, cleaning etc. for my new coat, he said I could bring it back any time and they would spruce it up no charge.

He said he wouldn't be there any more, as he was moving to the capital that weekend and it was his last week.

My heart sank. This was it, now or never, but the courage wasn't there. I was willing to be picked up by a guy, let him make the first move, but too scared to ask first. It just wasn't in me. 

Then he said, "I'd love to show you my new place if you are ever in town.". Why, don't mind if I do. I replied I'd love to trek over, he gave me his new address and number and I told him I would call him later that weekend. From the bottom of the barrel to cloud nine, in 5 seconds flat. 

The rest of the day, I thought of nothing else then the perfect time to call without seeming too desperate or needy. Girl logic again. I finally called that Sunday after a busy weekend of work and studies and going out with co-workers and such. It was always on the back of my mind to call, but I was never near a phone (this was way before cell phones). I chatted him up and we talked about me coming over the following Saturday. I agreed and set my work schedule up so it could happen.

The whole week was agony. I was trying to figure out what was going to happen, was this a date, was I just going over to see his new apartment and then leave. I didn't know what was in store, and the days dragged on and on. I concentrated on nothing. I should not have bothered going to class that week, nothing sunk in. My mind was on seeing him again. Nights were anxiety and horniness, and sometimes at the same time. 

I would start to imagine how he would start things, or how i would start things, and then i started stroking myself. Then, just as abruptly, my mind would take it t where it was all a misunderstanding and he was not gay or something. 

I was frustrated and nervous. But why? But why? I asked my self. It was not like I was gay and this was going to be my boyfriend. 

Saturday finally arrived, I went to work that morning and the clock moved backwards. My shift ended, I grabbed my tips, went home, shit, showered and shaved, put on my nicer clothes and my new jacket and drove over. I went over the conversation I would have, trying out different witty lines in my head. I am sure I was speeding but didn't notice. 

I finally got to the address and parked the car. And there i sat, in his parking lot to his building. 

Waiting. For the answer to come. 

What. Was. I. Doing. Here. 

I pulled in a deep breath and opened the door, went up to the third floor, and knocked. My stomach was a huge knot and I was shaking. 

He opened the door, and had a huge smile going. I melted a little, and got all tingly again. It was nice to see his face. He led me in and we chatted and he showed me around. It was much nicer than my dump, but my cash was going to school not to nice furniture. 

I guessed him to be about 30 with the gray, but he was so handsome and confident. After the tour we sat down and he poured some wine. I never touch the stuff, but made an exception this time. We sat on the couch and drank, and he asked me my bio and I asked him his, we had dissimilar backgrounds, so it made for interesting conversation. The wine was starting to kick in, and I was just looking at him intently. 

He got to a break in the question and answer portion, and he asked what were going to do for the evening, and started rattling off some options, dinner, movie, new gay bar he found, and then, I just leaned in and kissed him. Hard. Hot. He responded immediately. Our tongues danced and swirled as we kissed for what seemed like forever. He even tasted good. I placed my hand on his thigh. He responded by reaching for my chest with his free hand and pulling me closer with his other arm.

I felt his hand move down my stomach, and I felt a quiver inside me. He released and said, "Or, we could stay in." At this point I started removing his sweater, and unbuttoning his shirt. I got down to his bare chest, and he was smooth. I started kissing his neck and worked my way down to his nipples and kissed and sucked and played there a few minutes. He moaned in delight as I nibbled and bit him. I undid his trousers while still kissing and nibbling his chest, and we worked him out of his pants.

Seeing his cock made me even hotter, and I made my way down, licking and kissing. He wasn't as thick as I was, but he was almost as long. The biggest dick I had played with outside my own. And he was totally smooth. Not a pube in sight, which made it seem even bigger. 

I kissed and licked and teased and then I finally went in for the kill. I put his swollen head in my mouth and wrapped my tongue all around. He was pushing up with his lips, and I was playing along. He placed his hands on my head and pushed and I took him in as deep as I could go. It was very big. bigger than I was used to and I gagged a little. 

I tried to relax and then he let me settle into a nice rhythm. Meanwhile, while fondling his smooth sack and sucking him, and stroking every once in a while, I was using my free hand to get my clothes off. Some awkward moments occurred but soon we were both totally naked, and I resumed my blow job. He was enjoying every second of it and I could feel his balls pulling up and he was ready to release. 

Not yet, sir. 

I stopped, and started kissing my way back up to his mouth. He kissed me hard again, wantonly, and I responded in kind, our cocks rubbing together. He reached down and out his hand around both as we rubbed and kissed, in a hot embrace. We kept going for a few minutes and I could feel my semen ready to roll, so I stopped again, stood up, and pulled him up from the couch, and said "How about you give me another tour of your bedroom."

He took my hand and led me back to his room. I grabbed his pillows, and placed them so I could lay on top of them, and plopped down on my stomach, spread my ass and told him to take me. I wanted that cock stuffed in me right then and there. 

He grabbed some lube from somewhere and poured some on my hole and it was cold against my hot skin. I felt him work his fingers around, and ease in and out of my ass. I moved my ass up to make it easier, and when he got to three fingers, he then climbed up behind me, lowered his dick to my hole and slowly pressed. I pressed back. It was huge, bigger than Dave's by a long shot, and I wasn't ready for the sharp pain as the head passed the rim and went deep inside. 

I let out a scream I wasn't expecting and breathed real hard. Anthony slowed down his pushing and slapped my ass. That relaxed me and he did it again, and then proceeded to start working his dick all the way in. The pain slowly went away as he worked his way deep into my ass.

As soon as he pressed all the way in, I could feel his balls rubbing against mine. That got me so turned on. I reached down and cupped them both, and he started moaning. He then started rocking back and forth slowly, and the pleasure took over. I was moving against him to increase the tempo. I wanted him, and he took that as a signal. He then started fucking me hard. I was rubbing my dick in anticipation of a huge orgasm, and he reached down and pulled my hand away, and said, "Not yet." I was just on the verge again, and the pressure was filling me with agony, but he said "I much prefer to be a bottom." 

He pulled out slowly and laid down on the bed. He lifted his legs up and invited me to explore. It was so smooth and pink, I started licking his hole, and dug my tongue in as far as it would go. He was writhing and begging for something bigger. I got the lube and did to him what he did to me, getting him loose with my fingers, when he gave me the look to get it going, so I lowered myself in, and slowly pushed my cock into his ass. He was very tight and it took a while to get it buried inside him. It was wrapped around my throbbing dick so hard. I could feel both our heartbeats in that one place. Once there we got a slow rhythm going, and were kissing and moaning together like animals. I finally couldn't hold my load any longer and was about to shoot when his dick exploded before me and we weren't even touching it. That sent me over the edge. I came buckets in his ass. It took a long while to calm down after that intense session. I finally slipped out of his ass, and rolled off of him 

We lay there motionless, holding hands. "Ok, so we can go to dinner, a movie, the gay bar..." I leaned over, kissed him like before, and said, "Take out, dessert, and then another tour of your bedroom. "

We ordered Chinese delivered, ate and drank, and got to know each other better. We discussed his moving, my future after school, dreams, desires, and other topics. The conversation just flowed, and I loved sitting talking to him. I felt as if I could talk to him about anything. When the subject turned to when did I know I was first gay, I said, I hadn't figured that out yet. I told him about some of my past, Dave, Gary and then him as the only males, but also the numerous females. I said I was still trying to see if I was totally gay, or just enjoying the thrill. He leaned in and kissed me, "Maybe this will help you figure it out." He pulled my by the hand to the couch, and took control.

His kisses were warm and wet, and very soft, even with a slight beard. And they slowly worked their way down my body. His nibbling, and sucking of my nipples got me rock hard, as I moaned at each attentive kiss or suck. I let him control the speed, and he was teasing me greatly working down the penis trail then back up. 

It was clear he knew what he was doing, and had me anticipating each and every new sensation. That tingly feeling I had experienced only with him was back, and I wanted this moment to last all night long.

He kept kissing my body all over, but never touched my dick, balls or ass, just my nipples. He worked his way down to my knees, and would kiss and lick up my inner thigh, and ever so slightly past my hard-on and back up again. The tease was pushing me to the edge of insanity. He finally worked his way down to my pelvis region, and started licking and kissing, and brushing up against my sack. He pulled one of my balls in his mouth and I was about to cum right there from the excitement. 

He let it go and then started working up my shaft. Very tentatively, and it was driving me insane. I wanted his lips around my cock so bad, but he held my hands down as he did this, so I was unable to direct or command anything. 

Anthony swirled his tongue around my cock head, and slowly pulled my cock into his mouth, then worked his way down till he deep throated me. All the way to the base. I could feel him exhale from his nose into my bush. It felt so good, and I started to build up and that was when he released. Oh, the agony. 

He got up, and walked into his room, and when he turned around, looked back and beckoned me with his index finger. I obliged and ran into his room.

He pulled all his clothes off and laid down, and I got on top of him. We started kissing again, and our dicks were rubbing together. I started grinding my dick into his, and he responded in kind. As we kissed our grinding got more intense, and finally he reached up, grabbed both our dicks together and started stroking with fury. 

I let out a huge moan, and released a load of cum on his stomach between us. This was all he needed to cum himself, and he let out the biggest 8 roper ever. I was spent, there was no cum left in me after that, and my dick went soft as did his. We lay together kissing until I finally dozed off, naked, relaxed, and happy to be by his side.

The next morning I awoke, right where I was the night before. On my side, facing him. He was in a deep slumber, naked, peacefully sleeping. I just laid there and checked him out from head to toe. 

It was a lovely sight. His tan, smooth body at rest. His dick was soft and as I was checking him out, it started to rise. I wasn't sure if it was morning wood or he knew he was being checked out, so I started at his face a moment, and it hadn't moved.

He was fully erect now, and I decided to wake him up the best way I knew how. I took his cock in my mouth and started sucking. It still had the spunk of my ass and our cum on it, and it tasted wild. I sucked and sucked until he finally woke up, smiled, and said "Good morning, sunshine." 

I responded by sticking his huge member deeper into my mouth. I kept up the action for till I felt his balls shift and knew he was about to release. I let his cum flow in my mouth, and sucked him dry. With his cum still in him, I moved up and kissed him.

He then responded in kind, kissing and teasing me as he did before, until finally taking me in his mouth fully. I laid back and enjoyed his warm mouth on my cock. It was one of the best blow jobs ever, and i will never forget it. 

Afterwards, he asked what i wanted to do for breakfast. I told him I needed to get home, I had an exam the next day, a paper due, and I had the night shift at the bar. 

We discussed me coming back, and he said he wanted me to come every day if possible.

"Whoa. Slow down, cowboy. I am not ready for a commitment at this point."

"Seriously. We have great chemistry. I knew it the minute we started talking at the store. I was so hoping you were gay."

"But I am not." I said. "I mean, I like having sex with guys, sure, but I also like having sex with girls."

I enjoy the taste of pussy on my mouth. I plan on getting married and kids. I am totally not into the gay scene. And I could never come out of the closet to anyone I hold dear. That last part was what really sealed it for me. Fear of exposing who I might be.

His eyes started to well up. "I cannot be with someone that isn't going to be honest about who they are. You are not a hetero. Trust me." 

"Look, even if I did start seeing you, I don't have the time. I have school, work, 80 miles away. I will definitely work on one or two nights a month, but I don't have much free time to drive three hours every day. And as I said, I cannot declare my love to another guy. I do want to be with you and hang out, and these last 12 hours? Fucking incredible."

He started to cry, "No, I will not be a toy that you get to use on your terms. I want you, and I want you totally committed to a relationship with me." 

I wiped a tear from his cheek, leaned in, kissed him gently, and got up. "I am sorry."

I dressed and left without saying anything else. He just sat there stunned.I drove home and I cried. It was killing me inside. I really wanted to be with him, but could not agree to his terms. He was the only guy I ever would have considered to get out of the closet for. But that could not happen, I was to scared.