 The weekend after I began my new job in Kentucky, JT, the boys and I were sitting at the Saturday morning breakfast table. We were all still nude as we had just finished an early morning play session.

As we were drinking coffee there was suddenly the sound of an auto horn blaring from the road out front which set the dogs to baying. We all walked over to see what the commotion was.

As I looked down at the road I saw Scott and Billy standing down below next to a tiny Fiat. Scott was reaching into the window and pressing the horn.

I opened the screen door and stepped out onto the porch.

"Scott? What are you doing here? How did you find me?" I asked.

"I called your cousin in Nashville and he told me where you were. I've come to take you home."

I could hear JT and the boys murmuring behind me and I said, "I AM home, Scott. This is my home now."

"With a bunch of lowlife hillbillies?" he said and started up the hill toward the porch.

I heard the screen door open and JT and the boys stepped out on the porch still nude.

"I'll allow we're hillbillies," JT said, "but I'd be careful about callin' folks you don't know lowlifes."

Willy and Tate stepped in front of me. I could see Scott appraising their nude bodies and dangling cocks, especially JT's mule dick.

"You don't belong down here." he said. "You're coming back with me right now."

He was now standing at the bottom of the porch steps.

"I believe the fella said he doesn't feel like going." Willy said.

"I wasn't talking to you, peg-leg." Scott replied.

Willy looked at me, then at Tate and his daddy. He slowly walked down the steps so that he stood in front of Scott. Using one hand, he pushed Scott in the center of the chest. Scott fell backwards and rolled to the bottom of the hill, head over heels. I heard JT go back indoors and then return and when I looked over at him he was holding a double barreled shotgun.

"I may be a peg-leg like you say," Willy said, "but I can still kick your ass and shove my peg-leg up your butt to the knee."

Billy by this time had gotten back into the car and started it.

Scott picked himself up from the ground and shouted, "You're all nothing but a bunch of white trash hillbillies. You all deserve each other."

"You may be right." I said. "If these are white trash hillbillies then I'm right where I belong and I hope I deserve them."

"I hope you need a colostomy after they get done wearing out your ass hole." He shouted back.

JT raised the shotgun and aimed it down the hill.

"I suggest you fellas get in your little toy car and head back up north before you wind up picking buckshot out of each other's flabby behinds for the next week." he said.

Scott ducked and ran to the car and jumped in and Billy floored the gas. The last I saw of Scott, he was leaning out of the open window and giving us the finger.

Willy climbed back up the steps and we stood looking after them.

"Well, that was an exciting way to start the day." Tate said.

I looked at JT and said, "Will you still love me when you all give me a colostomy?"

"Well, sure." JT replied. "That'll be a brand new hole to fuck."

Willy, Tate and I simultaneously said, "Ewwwwwwwwww!!" while JT grinned.

* * * * * *

The following week I got off at noon on Wednesday because I had worked overtime the last two days.

When I got home, JT was busy with a project and Willy and Tate had taken the truck and gone into town. With nothing else to do, I decided to take a trip to the swimming hole back in the woods that the boys had led me to.

It was unseasonably hot and the trees were in full leaf so the woods were 10 degrees cooler.

When I got to the pond, I stripped down and jumped in. The water came from a small stream and it was clear and fresh. I splashed around to my heart's content and after a while I just floated on my back, eyes closed, listening to the sound of the forest. 

I probably dozed off because I suddenly came awake, senses alert.

There were two young men standing on the edge of the pond watching me.

"We didn't mean to scare you." one of them said. "We just came down to cool off, too."

One of them, the taller, was around my age. He had dark curly hair and a couple of day's growth of scruffy beard. The other was younger, probably closer to Tate's age. He had dark hair also but his was cut short, close to his head and he sported a thick brush mustache.

Both of them were shirtless and wearing old baggy jeans that sagged down on their waists almost to the pubic hair line. They were built alike, thick shoulders and biceps, no fat on their torsos that could be seen. There were even the faint lines of a six pack on the older one's belly. They had identical chest hair, too, a thick v-shaped patch that started high and trailed down between their hard pectoral muscles.

I knew that I'd been staring and I said, "Sorry, you woke me up. I didn't think anybody else ever came back here."

"We don't as a rule." the older one said. "We saw Tate and Willy go off down the road a while ago, so we decided to take a chance."

I floated over to where they stood and I was aware that they were both checking out my body as avidly as I had stared at theirs.

"You don't like Willy and Tate?" I asked.

"It ain't that." the younger one said. "We're the Browns."

I must have looked as mystified as I felt.

"Our family and their family don't get along." the older said. "Something happened between their grand daddy and our grand daddy and we been kind of enemies ever since."

"What happened?" I asked.

"I never have heard tell." he replied. "Are you the city fella who's been staying with them?"

"I am." I said. "My name is Ben."

"I'm Cleo." the older boy replied. "This is my brother Harp."

"Pleased to make your acquaintance." I said. "Are you coming in?"

"Would that be alright? It sure is hot." Harp said.

"As long as you don't mind me skinny dipping." I said.

"That's how we swim, too." Cleo replied. 

He and his brother both unbuttoned their waist band and let their jeans drop.

Cleo had the bigger dick, a thick meaty tube that hung down over a pair of low hanging balls. He was uncircumcised and the loose foreskin hung at least an inch below his cock head's bulge.

Harp, though smaller, was still well hung. His cock was fat, thick meat from base to tip. He was circumcised and his cock head was even fatter than his shaft, so big and round that it reminded me of a peach. 

Both boys had tightly trimmed pubic patches.

They both waded in and soon the 3 of us were bobbing together in the middle of the pool.

"How do you know Willy and Tate?" Cleo asked me.

"I didn't before a couple of weeks ago. I got lost and needed a place to stay and they all kind of took me in." I replied. "Have you always lived near them?"

"We've all lived right here our whole lives. We all went to school together, though we never hung out. Willy was in the same grade as me so I used to see him every day. We used to have gym together and he was always the best at every thing." Willy said 

"I bet you used to like it when it was shower time." Harp told him.

"Shut up before I drown your ass." Cleo replied.

"Tate was a year ahead of me." Harp said. "He was the best looking boy at the school. Those little girls used to follow him around, just hoping he'd notice them."

"Wasn't just the little girls." Cleo said and Harp splashed water at him.

"Funny that neither one of those boys have got married yet." Harp said.

"Are you two married?" I asked.

"Uh, no." Cleo replied. "Neither one of us is the marrying sort."

"Maybe they're not, either." I told him.

There was a big slab of flat rock on one side of the pond that Harp swam over to.

"I need to dry myself off." he said and I watched as he climbed out of the pond. He had a magnificent ass that looked like a piece of Greek sculpture; the melon shaped buns full and rounded. I felt my cock starting to expand and I looked over at Cleo who was watching me watch Harp.

"Your brother is in really good shape." I said, embarrassed. "I think I'll dry off, too."

Cleo followed me over to the rock and both brothers watched me climb out, my half hard cock swinging free. I lay down and Cleo climbed up and lay on his belly between me and Harp.

"How many bedrooms they got over at Willy's?" he asked after he'd gotten comfortable.

"Well, JT has his room down of the first floor and Willy and Tate sleep in the big loft room upstairs." I said.

"And where do you sleep?" he asked.

"I sleep up in the big room with the boys." I replied.

Cleo squirmed, his hairy buns moving back and forth.

"I bet your dick is getting hard thinking about that." Harp told Cleo. 

He grabbed his brother and the two wrestled, Harp trying to turn Cleo over onto his back. When he finally succeeded, Cleo indeed had a full erection, 8 inches of hard thick meat. Harp was sporting some wood of his own from the tussle and my cock had grown fully hard too from watching.

"Something tells me you two might be the kind of boys who like other boys." I said.

"Yep." Harp replied. "Cleo says it ain't right but I don't see nothing wrong with it."

"I'm that way, too." I said.

"Our daddy tried to beat it out of us but it never did no good." Cleo said. "He prayed over us and whaled on us but nothing ever took it away."

"Why should it?" I asked. "Its natural and its just the way you are."

"Yeah, I've come to think that, too." Cleo said. "This is just the way god made me."

"Is that why you were asking all of those questions about Willy and Tate?" I asked.

"Cleo has been sweet on Willy his whole life, just about." Harp said.

"Well, you been sweet on Tate." Cleo replied. He had one hand around his big hard dick.

"It's true." Harp said. "I don't know how many times I've pulled my pud thinking about him." He was stroking his own hard cock now.

"Did you ever tell them about it?" I asked.

"Are you crazy? They'd of beat our asses and then told everybody in school that we were queer." Cleo said.

"Maybe you ought to tell them now." I said. 

I had started stroking my own hard cock and Cleo and Harp lost their shyness and started openly beating off while watching me. Cleo's cock was long and vein covered, a shade darker than the rest of his skin. His loose long foreskin slid back and forth, covering and then exposing the plum colored head. Crystal precum coated his cock head and dripped from the distended piss hole. His big balls bounced up and down as he pumped.

Harp's dick was fat enough that his hand could barely close around it. The circumcised head looked like a peach, a deep groove dividing the under side up to his piss slit. He was gripping his cock so hard that the head was almost purple and his balls were up tight against his body.

"I bet you'd be surprised at the reaction." I said. "Especially when they saw how hot you both are."

"You really think I might have a chance at getting some of Willy's dick?" Cleo asked, gasping.

By now, we were all three laying back and pumping at our hard meat while the others watched. I climbed between the brothers and then reached over and felt Cleo's heavy balls in their loose sack, massaging the big orbs.

"Oh, fuck, that makes me shoot." he said just as the first big splash of cum squirted out of his piss slit and landed in his chest hair. Two or three big spurt followed, coated his chest and belly.

"How about you?" I asked and bounced Harp's big nut sack in my other hand.

"Damn, damn, I'm going to shoot my load." Harp cried. His hot sticky juice flooded out in a white stream, soaking his torso and running down his sides.

I went back to jerking my own dick, pulling down on my balls with one hand while stroking my cock with the other. That always makes me cum and in just a few strokes I felt the juice blast out of my hole and land on my belly.

We all lay back to catch our breath and after a minute or two, Cleo turned on his side and propped his head on one hand.

"Were you really speaking true when you said that maybe Willy would be interested in hooking up with me?" he asked.

"I think both of those boys would be real interested in both of you." I said. "Remember, I share a room with them. We don't have many secrets."

"I'd love to share a room with Tate." Harp said. "Even better, a bed."

"I've got an idea." I said. "Today is Wednesday. Why don't the two of you come over for supper on Friday evening? I'll make spaghetti and meatballs and I'll get JT to make biscuits."

"They'd probably shoot us." Cleo said. "They don't want us coming over there."

"You just leave that to me." I said. "I'm expecting the both of you to show up around six or six-thirty. And you'd better be there."

"I'll come over," Harp said, "and I'll drag lunkhead with me if I have to. It's time this feud shit was dead and buried."

I looked at both boys, their muscular bodies stretched out on the rock and their spent dicks, still half swollen, lolling between their legs. The smell of sperm was heavy in the air.

"If they could see the two of you like this, the feud would be over in a second." I said.

* * * * * *

Friday, I had some extra time to make up since I'd worked overtime again so I left work at around 2PM and went to the market and bought my supplies.

When I got home, Willy and Tate were sitting on the porch steps and JT was standing in the doorway.

"What's all that stuff?" Tate asked.

"I'm cooking supper tonight." I replied. "I invited a couple of guests over."

"Who'd you invite, somebody from work?" JT said.

"It's a surprise." I replied. "You three just get yourselves spiffed up and be ready about 6 o'clock."

"If it's that crazy ex-boyfriend of yours I'm going to stomp his ass." Willy said.

"If it was my crazy ex-boyfriend I'm the one whose ass should get stomped. This is a couple of new friends I met so I guess I'm safe."

"You might be but your ass ain't." JT said.

* * * * * *

By the time 6 o'clock rolled round, I was a nervous wreck. There was no guarantee that JT, Willy and Tate wouldn't go postal and beat my guests to death and me too, into the bargain.

"What are you so nervous about?" JT stepped up beside me and asked as I stood at the sink. I heard the dogs barking and then footsteps on the porch steps.

"You're about to find out." I replied.

I hurried over to the screen door and held it open. Cleo and Harp walked in and stood looking at the floor.

I turned to where JT, Willy and Tate stood, looking shocked.

"Before you say anything, hear me out." I began.

"You don't understand." JT said.

"Yeah, I do understand." I replied. "You all and the Brown boys think you've got some kind of Walmart Hatfields and McCoys feud going on over something somebody's grand daddy did to somebody else's grand daddy and its just stupid. You live a mile away from each other over the ridge and you all should be friends"

"That's the way it's always been." Willy said.

"Yeah, and I bet you don't even know why. Do you know what the feud was about?" I asked him.

"No." he said, looking down.

"Tate, do you know what happened?"

"No, nobody ever said." he replied.

"Do either of you boys know what it was all about?" I asked, turning to the Browns.

"They didn't talk about it, they just told us what to do." Cleo said.

"I think it was something about a cow." JT said.

"And does any one of you own a cow?" I asked.

"No." JT said, half smiling and looking at the floor.

"Okay, then. The feud is over. I made dinner and you all are, by god, going to eat it so get your asses in those chairs."

"Yes, sir!" JT said, mock saluting. "Bossy little thing, ain't he?" he said to Cleo.

That seemed to loosen things up. JT motioned for the Brown boys to come in and I placed them on opposite sides of the table, Cleo next to Willy and Harp next to Tate. JT sat at one end and after I served them all, I sat at the other.

"There's plenty, so dig in." I said. 

We were all sort of shy, the boys barely looking up from their plates and no one talking.

Finally I said, "JT made the biscuits. I wish I could get them to turn out like this."

"I think these are about the best things I ever ate." Harp said. "What's your secret?"

"Now, if I told you that, it wouldn't be a secret anymore." JT said.

"I was sorry when I heard that you got injured overseas." Cleo said to Willy.

"Who needs two legs anyway?" Willy replied.

"You were always the best looking boy in school." Cleo said. "I remember how you always were tops in every sport in gym class. I was so jealous of you. I was afraid that they might have messed you up but you look just as good now as you did then. Maybe even better."

"A good looking man like you don't never need to be jealous." Willy replied.

JT cut his eyes to me with a questioning look and I just raised my eyebrows and looked innocent.

"Remember how all those little girls used to follow you around at school?" Harp asked Tate. "I think they were all in love with you. You could have broke every one of their hearts."

"I never had much use for girls." Tate said.

"Me, neither." Harp replied. "I guess we're a lot alike that way."

JT looked at me again, that sly shit eating grin on his face.

Everyone continued to eat and I noticed that all four boys would occasionally steal a shy glance at each other. Finally, we all sat back, stuffed to the gills.

"So how do the two of you make a living?" I asked Cleo and Harp.

There was a heavy silence around the table and no one looked at me.

"You could say that they're still farmers." JT said.

"You know about that?" Cleo asked.

"There ain't nothing that goes on in these hills that I don't know about." JT replied.

"So what do you grow?" I asked.

Cleo and Harp looked embarrassed and then Harp said, "We farm pot."

"And you make enough to live on?" I asked. "It's probably going to be legal soon, what will you do then?"

"We make enough. We just do the farming part." Cleo said. "It's the biggest cash crop in Kentucky nowadays."

"I've read that." I replied.

I got up and began to gather the dirty dishes and Cleo asked, "Can I use your necessary, JT. I have to piss like a Clydesdale."

JT replied, "Since we have to tote in water, we keep the bathroom for more serious business. Most times, we just take a leak off of the back porch. Willy, you show him the way."

Willy and Cleo got up and Willy led the way to the back of the house. They were gone for a while, at least 5 minutes, and when they came back they were both grinning and I noticed that they both had a half hard on snaking down their trouser leg.

"Damn, I should have come along with you." Harp said.

"I'll show you where to go." Tate said. "Just follow me."

JT sat on the rocker in the corner and smiled a private smile.

"I'm sorry; I forgot to make a dessert." I told them.

"Shoot, and I forgot that I brought a gift along." Cleo said. He got up and walked to the screen door, bent down and retrieved a package. When he opened the bag it contained a bottle of bourbon.

"I wasn't sure if you all were teetotal, so I left it outside so I could find out first." Cleo said.

"I think a nice glass or two would finish dinner off real good." JT said.

Harp and Tate came back into the kitchen then. I noticed that they were both blushing and trying not to look at each other.

"I'm sorry we don't have any ice." I said.

"All we need is a little slosh of branch water. Ice just turns to water anyway." JT said.

He went to the sink and got out glasses and fixed everyone a toddy. The boys sat at the table sipping and JT sat in the corner rocker. I started to do the dishes and monitored the conversation.

"You sure get around spry on that leg." Harp said to Willy. "You probably never met our Uncle Pete. He got his leg shot off in Viet-Nam and he never did take to his artificial one. He was a mean old bastard. We used to go to stay with him in the summer and he wouldn't wear his leg no matter what. Half the time he wore shorts and just let it hang out. If we'd go somewhere and a man would stare, he'd say, "If you were fighting over where I was, maybe you could have brought my leg back with you." If he saw a woman stare, he'd say, "Oh, sorry lady, I was born with just one leg." Then he'd look down at his stump poking out of his shorts and say, "Damn, I didn't know my dick was hanging out like that."
