 "Hey, Dad, come on in," Rick welcomed his father, as he walked in the back door.

Dale, and a cup of coffee waited for him at the kitchen table. Gerald greeted him warmly, then sat and took an appreciative sip of Dale's renowned brew. His eyes wandered the cozy kitchen as he relaxed into the solid comfort of the oak chair that he rested in. 

He approved Dale's choice of the muted celery green paint he'd chosen for the walls, it gave the room a calm, soothing ambience. The air was scented with apples and cinnamon. Dale had proved to be an excellent cook, and Gerald's mouth watered at the thought of the apple pie that even now was baking in the oven.

He took a second sip of his coffee, "There's got to be a little magic in this cup," he sighed, "nothing totally of this earth could taste so good."

Dale gave him a grin. Rick smiled and fidgeted with the ceramic chicken salt and pepper shakers that sat in the middle of the table. He seemed fascinated by them, as though he'd never seen them before. Gerald watched his son over the rim of his cup, then spoke a gentle demand.

"All right, son, out with it."

"What?" Rick asked innocently.

"Whatever it is that has you trying to dissect that poor rooster." Gerald took the salt shaker from Rick's hand and set it on the table. He looked at Dale, "Rick never was one for hiding his feelings very well. I could always tell when he had something to confess, it always began this way."

"I know what you mean." Dale agreed giving Rick a look filled with tender fondness.

Rick knew he had better come out with it – his dad had him cold, "I need to ask a favor," he told him, "Dale's publishing company called. They want me to come to New York to sign a contract for my book."

Gerald rose from the table, Rick doing the same to intercept his dad's congratulatory hug, "That's wonderful news, son! Your mom is going to be so proud. She'll be calling everyone in the family."

Dale beamed at the two of them. Seeing them together, in this way, he could see how Steven had at first mistaken Rick for Gerald. They were the same height, their honey blonde hair the same shade and those eyes. Those beautiful, blue-green eyes that so took Dale's breath away, were bequeathed directly from Gerald's DNA. Their body type was similar, Gerald being a bit slimmer than Rick, but no less fit. 

He worked hard. Physical labor kept his body honed and healthy. His skin was tanned and still smooth. His face bore laugh lines etched around the eyes, the only real indication that here was a man of greater maturity than first impression might make one assume. At 57, Gerald was fit and hearty, and, Dale had to admit, a fine looking man. He knew he'd give him more than a second look if circumstances were different.

Rick and Gerald resumed their seats, "The thing is, Dale's got a deadline to beat, he's been a bit distracted lately." Rick shot Dale a wicked look that sent a blush to Dale's cheeks. Gerald chuckled at Dale's bashful display, " I don't want to go to New York by myself. I was hoping you might come with me." Rick offered.

Gerald looked surprised then pleased. He considered a moment, "Well, I think I could find the time for that. Your mother might like to come too, son."

Rick paled slightly and Dale cleared his throat, "Um, that might be a bit of a problem."

"How so, Dale?" Gerald questioned.

"We met Steven, Dad." Rick told him.

At Gerald's blank look, Rick clarified, "Steve, your lover, before you married mom."

Rick saw a welter of emotions crossed Gerald's eyes; surprise, delight, melancholy and finally a kind of wistful caution.

"How did you meet. Where?" Gerald asked quietly.

"He's Dale's publisher, Dad. We met on the trip to New York. Dale had met him before, but had no idea he was your Steve." Rick explained. "When he saw me, he called me Gerald and then... then it all came out." Rick hesitated, "I would have told you sooner, but I... I wasn't sure I should."

"Your Mom... you wanted to protect your Mom." Gerald guessed.

Rick could only nod.

"It's all right son, I understand. But understand this. Years ago, I gave my word to your mother, and I have no intention of going back on it. I had a choice to make and I made it. It damned near broke my heart to let Steve go, but given the opportunity to change it all, I'd stay with your mother. She's my heart. Without her I would never have had the joy of being a father." Gerald cleared his throat as emotion filled it.

"I know that I could have been happy with Steve, but even at 21 I knew that I wanted a family, children of my own. If I had never met your mother, I'd most likely be with Steve now, I felt that strongly about him. But I did meet your mother and knowing that I did want that family, that home, I made the best choice for me." Gerald's voice held a note of sure finality, his eyes took on a faraway look. 

"Sometimes I'd dream that your mom and Steve would meet and grow to like, even love each other, that the three of us could be together. It was a young man's wishful fantasy, but I'd have done it in a heartbeat, damn the scandal it might cause. I loved them both," Gerald revealed on a wistful note. He shook himself and smiled at Dale and Rick. His eyes cleared as that thought receded. "Is he all right?"

Rick found himself too touched by his dad's revelations to answer. He looked to Dale. "He's very well, Gerald." Dale told him, "Not long after the two of you split up, he met James, his lover and partner. They've been together almost as long as you and Irene."

Gerald's face lit with delight, his eyes going misty, "I'm so happy to hear that, boys, so very happy." He reached out and took Dale's hand in one of his and Rick's hand in the other, giving them a reassuring squeeze, "Now when do we leave for New York. I want to say hello to an old friend."

                      *           *           *

The night before their trip to New York, Gerald emerged from the bathroom after a long, soothing shower. He paused in the doorway between bath and bedroom, taking in the familiar and oh so beloved vision of his wife.

Irene stood before the mirror, brush in hand, giving her dark, lustrous hair a last few strokes before going to bed. Gerald often teased her about the futility of having such well groomed hair before bed, knowing that it would end up mussed and tangled, many times the result of his handiwork. Their lovemaking was often, and oft times vigorous. Irene had proved to be no shrinking violet in bed or out, something that Gerald had felt blessed with over the years.

In all their years together, she'd never used sex as a weapon. Irene was a fighter, up front and straight on the attack. If something bothered her, they had it out, cleared the air and many's the time sealed the deal with a powerfully potent bout of lovemaking. The fact that Gerald had been true to her all these years was not only the result of his promise and integrity, but due also to the fact that she never left him wanting. They fulfilled each other absolutely.

He leaned in the doorway, breathing in the familiar scent of her. She wasn't one for fancy soaps, perfumes or lotions. The scent was female, his woman, sweet and arousing. Gerald felt himself stiffen in anticipation. 

He moved across the room and reached for her brush, laying it aside as his arms wrapped around her. He pressed himself against the soft yet firm buttocks that had cradled him many times. Irene was more than willing to be adventurous, and anal play was a big part of their ‘routine.' 

He stared at their reflection in the mirror, his reflected gaze meeting hers, "Did I ever tell you that you were the most beautiful woman in Illinois?" He dipped down to nuzzle the side of her neck. 

She tilted her head, giving him easy and welcome access. "I believe you may have mentioned it a time or two, but I'm not adverse to hearing it again." She sighed with pleasure, "I'm so glad you're going with Rick tomorrow. The two of you need some time together."

"Rene, you can still come, it's not too late."

Irene turned in his arms, her smile was soft, her eyes filled with love, "You know the one thing I've always admired about you? Your honesty. When you tell me I'm beautiful, I have to believe, because I know you'd never lie to me. When you tell me I have nothing to fear from Steven, I believe that too. You've proved it time and again the past thirty five years. You go, speak with your friend, and enjoy the time with your son. I'll be here when you get home."

Gerald felt the tears prickling his eyes as he gathered his wife close in his arms, "I'm the luckiest man on the face of the earth." he whispered.

Irene slipped an arm between them. Her hand found the opening in his towel, sliding in and wrapping around the firm throbbing length of his cock. At her touch, it swelled, thickening, the blood pulsing under the skin. She slowly stroked him.

"Come to bed," she murmured, "You're about to get even luckier."

Gerald chuckled, a warm, husky sound, filled with love and arousal. Slipping the robe from his wife's still firm body, he walked with her to the bed.

                     *           *           *

"Like this, baby?" Dale panted as he continued the long slow thrusts that filled his lover with each forward motion.

"Ah, yeah! Yeah, babe. Don't stop! God, don't stop!" Rick chanted. He groaned under the continued sensual assault. Dale's thick, swollen length slid freely in the tight clasp of his velvet-skinned sheath.

Dale's body was on autopilot, his senses filled with the smell and taste of his lover. His gaze wandered the planes of Rick's face, watched as his plump, kiss-swollen lips parted, a moaning whimper of pleasure issuing from between them. His eyes were closed, his expression one of deep concentration. Another slide of Dale's cock within, and Rick's shoulders bunched, the muscles in his arms bulging as his hands tightened on the rumpled sheet beneath their laboring bodies.

His torso was bent, his legs resting over Dale's shoulders. Rick's cock was at full mast, the skin stretched taut, the round, plump head weeping. Dale kept it sandwiched between their damp, sweat-slicked bodies. Rick's precum coated their skin as his cock throbbed against their bellies.

With each long glide, into the dark, wet and welcoming heat, Dale could feel the convulsive clasp of Rick's channel as it grew increasingly tight around him. The rapturous peak was mere moments away.

"Rick." he gasped softly.

Rick's eyes opened, distant, lost. They slowly focused, blue-green melding with mossy green. The pleasure arrowed between them.

"Come with me." Dale ordered.

His body moved. Long glides, became short, hard punches that pummeled the hard knot of Rick's prostate. Dale reveled in the roar of Rick's release. As climax twisted his gut, his cock spewed it's hot load deep into Rick, giving in to the hard milking spasms of his sheath, filling it with the tribute it demanded. Rick's cock erupted between them, milky cum, warm and wet, coating them, mixing with their sweat. 

Dale collapsed, shuddered and went limp. He sank down onto Rick and felt his arms move up to encircle him. He lay against his lover as his pounding heart slowed. With his ear pressed to Rick's chest, he could hear the steady, slowing thump of Rick's heart. It was comforting, reassuring. Dale sighed and eased out of Rick's arms, rolling to his side. Rick followed, spooning Dale. Neither made mention of the fragrant cum that decorated their bodies. It was as though those intimate fluids anointed and joined them.

"I really am going to miss you." Rick whispered. His breath was a warm mist against the back of Dale's neck.

Dale shivered and felt tears well in his eyes. He fought to keep his emotions under control, fought to keep his voice steady. He pushed back into Rick's arms, needing the warmth and comfort of his lover.

"I'll miss you too," his voice breaking up as he lost the struggle.

"Dale?"

"Mmm?"

"Turn over, look at me." Rick ordered softly

Dale hesitated, blinking his lids to rid his eyes of their sheen of moisture. As Rick moved back to give him room, he rolled and came to rest on his other side, facing Rick, who looked deep into his lover's eyes.

"Are you all right, baby?" he questioned softly.

Dale nodded, unable to speak past the lump in his throat.

Rick's arms wrapped around him and pulled them tightly together. His warm, musky scent filled Dale's nostrils. Dale breathed it in, wanting to hold every bit of Rick he could, for as long as he could.

"I love you so much," Rick murmured softly, "The next couple of days are going to seem like forever." Rick hesitated, then continued. "There's one thing I discovered about what happens when two people who love each other part, even if it's only for a little while."

"What's that? Dale whispered.

"It's always hardest for the one who gets left behind." Rick answered.

Tears flooded Dale's eyes and he couldn't stop the sudden small sob that caught in his throat. Rick's arms tightened around him.

"This is stupid," Dale choked out, "you're only going to be gone a couple of days."

"It's not stupid," Rick assured him, "I'd feel the same way if I was the one staying home. Even though I'll miss you, I've got the distraction of going somewhere and doing something different, while you'll just be here, in our home, by yourself. It makes a difference, Dale."

Dale nodded, his cheek rubbing in the soft curling hair on Rick's chest. 

"What you have to remember is that I love you, that I'll be thinking of you, and that I'll be counting the hours until I can be home with you. Does that help?" Rick asked hopefully.

Dale smiled, "It helps," he admitted, "I love you too, angel."

Rick could feel Dale's smile against his skin, "Good, now get some sleep. I'm going to make love to you in the morning before I go. Dream about how good it's going to be, baby."

Dale yawned, even as he felt a tightening tingle in his loins, "No fair, now I'll be horny all night."

He felt the vibration of Rick's chuckle under his cheek and quickly slipped into sleep.

                      *           *           *

"Dad?" Rick felt compelled to ask the question that had been bothering him ever since their trip began. They were ensconced in the comfortable luxury of first class. Gerald, who'd been idly scanning a magazine, looked up expectantly.

Rick, as promised, had started his morning by making love to Dale. He'd left him warm, sated and sleeping in their bed. Just the thought of Dale lying there, looking so sweetly innocent, his hair tousled, his breathing soft and slow, made Rick glow with love. He'd insisted that Dale go back to sleep as he got ready to leave. He didn't want Dale feeling increasing melancholy as he prepared for the journey and to have it reach a peak as he walked out the door. He couldn't bear the thought of leaving Dale in that state. 

Before beginning his journey, he'd picked a bouquet of flowers from those that grew around the house. He put them in a vase and left them on the bedside table with a note. 

The note read; "My Love, As I walk out the door, I leave a part of myself behind. You. You have become my heart. I will not be whole again until I return. I love you, Dale. Yours Always, Rick." 

He'd resisted the urge to caress that beloved face once more and left quickly, feeling a wrench at the parting. 

He'd gone to his parents house to say good-bye to his mom. She was all smiles, and excited for him. She bade the two of them a good time and to enjoy the trip. Rick drove. The trip had taken about an hour. They chatted or rode in comfortable silence as the flat farmland vista's had rolled by out their windows. He and his dad had made it to the airport in good time and were now in the air, the trip more than half done. Rick couldn't keep his agitation at bay any longer.

"Yes, son." Gerald answered.

"Do you feel guilty, not telling mom about Steven?"

Gerald chuckled, "I wondered what was bothering you. I thought maybe you were just missing Dale." Gerald sobered, "I would have felt guilty, son, if I hadn't told her."

Rick's eyes widened, "You told her and she let you go?"

Gerald smiled indulgently, "Your mother trusts me, son. You'll find that if you always act honorably and keep your word, that people learn they can trust you, especially those closest to you. That's one of the rewards of being an honest man. Have you ever felt you couldn't trust me?"

Rick automatically shook his head. He didn't even need to think the question over. "Never."

Gerald's smile brightened. "I always wanted you kids to know I was there for you. That you could always trust and depend on me. Your mom feels the same way."

"We know, Dad," Rick told him, "Each one of us knows how lucky we are to have you and Mom."

"That's good to know, Rick." Gerald felt a warm glow inside at his son's words. He gave Rick's leg a pat, then changed the subject, "So, you say Steve knows I'm coming?"

"Yes, sir. Dale and I thought it would be a good idea to let him know in advance. If for no other reason than to make sure he was there when we arrive. I didn't want you to come all this way and then not see him." Rick revealed.

Gerald nodded. "Good. It will be good to see him. I'm anxious to meet his partner too."

"You'll like James, Dad. He's a nice guy." 

"Knowing Steve, I would expect nothing less." Gerald answered.

At that moment the, "Fasten Seatbelt", sign came on and the flight attendant announced their arrival. Rick and Gerald both took a deep breath, each preparing to face new and potentially troubling experiences.

                     *           *           *

Not long after the flight landed, they were checked into their hotel and on their way to Eddington's Publishing. Gerald and Rick marveled at the sights the city afforded. Though he'd been here before, one trip had hardly been enough for Rick to become jaded at the sights provided. 

When they arrived at the building that housed the publishing company, they entered the lobby and Rick guided his dad to the waiting bank of elevators. He selected the button for the reception area and they took the ride, both silent, immersed in their own thoughts and fears, the music from the recessed speaker system flowing over them.

At the publishing houses reception area, Rick was cordially greeted and they were shown straight to Steven's office where Steven and James were waiting for them. 

Gerald felt his insides churn in a way he'd not felt in ages. He was nervous and yet anxious to see his old lover. When they entered the office he felt tears prick at his eyes. Steven had aged, just as he had, but he could still see the young man he'd fallen in love with all those years ago. As though the years had fallen away, they strode to each other and hugged, their arms tight around each other. There was silence as the two of them silently communed, their affection for each other flooding back. 

Finally they broke their embrace and stood face to face, teary eyed, until smiles turned to laughter. 

"My God, it's so good to see you." Steven told him. "I couldn't believe it when Rick showed up here with Dale. It was like seeing a picture from the past."

"I've always told him how lucky he was to take after his handsome old man." Gerald laughed. 

"Hmmm... I see you still have the old conceit." Steven teased, turning to Rick, "Your dad always did think he was the cock of walk."

Rick and James laughed appreciatively. 

"Gerald, I'd like you to meet my partner, James Duncan. James, my old friend, Gerald Hunter."

Gerald walked to James and took the hand he held out, shaking it firmly, "I can't tell you how pleased I am to meet you. When the boys told me they'd met Steven, and that he was well and happily settled, I... well, it's what I'd always hoped."
