 In the dimly lit passenger cabin, Rick fidgeted in his seat. It seemed to him, that the flight home was taking forever. 

"Settle down, babe. It won't be long now." Dale reprimanded lightly.

Rick sighed, "I know, it's just that..."

"You're horny?" Dale suggested with smile. He laid his hand on Rick's thigh and slid it slowly inward and upward. 

"Jeez, Dale!" Rick tensed under his hand, sitting rigidly upright, "If you don't stop that I'm going to... ohhh damn," he groaned softly. Rick's eyes closed, his breaths shortening as Dale lightly, but firmly massaged his rapidly filling cock. "Oh fuck, oh yeah," he whispered. Rick strove to keep still, but his buttocks tightened, his hips pushing up, grinding his erection into the welcome friction Dale provided. 

"Easy, baby." Dale whispered. "Not yet, lover, not yet." Dale withdrew his hand.

Rick ground his teeth together, his jaw flexing. Opening his eyes he gave Dale what he hoped was a scorching glare, "You better cut it out, Dale. I'm warning you now. If you get me any more riled up we'll be joining the mile high club. And I won't be filling out the application in the bathroom."

Dale grinned and chuckled, "I'm sorry, babe, the thought of your sweet, tight, virgin, little ass is driving me nuts."

Rick flushed, and looked around. Thankfully the seats in first class weren't squashed together. "Would you shut up!" he whispered urgently. This new aspect of Dale's behavior, this sudden dominance was causing some very new feeling for Rick to deal with. He felt off balance, almost jittery.

"Nobody's listening, Rick." Dale drew his fingertips over Rick's cheek. "I like the way you blush. It's sweet, angel."

"Damn." Rick cursed softly, shaking his head, "You've got me feeling like a virgin on her wedding night. You'd think I'd never had sex before.

"Well, in a way, you haven't." Dale told him, "Not like this." he took Rick's hand, lifting it to his lips, lightly kissing, then stroking his tongue over the knuckles. "Don't worry, baby, Daddy's gonna take care of everything."

Rick squeezed his eyes shut as another blush heated his face. A hot tingle twisted his gut with anticipation and uncertainty. "Well, shit." he sighed, "You're making me crazy."

"That's the idea, lover." Dale flashed him a soft, knowingly smug smile. 

Rick, giving Dale a frowning smile, pouted silently, saying nothing.

* * *

Dale's black Lexus turned into the gravel drive, tires crunching over the stone. He parked by the front walk, and they got out, both stretching, sighing with the pleasurable relief of being home. They smiled at each other over the top of the car and headed to the trunk, pulling out bags, and hauling them to the porch. 

Rick watched patiently as Dale found his key, fitting it into the lock. A quiver tightened his stomach as he watched Dale's long fingers turn the key. His sphincter tightened at the thought of those sleek, tapered digits working him open. He swallowed hard, holding onto the groan building in his throat.

They shuffled the bags inside and Dale closed the door. As he turned, Rick wrapped his arms around him and began kissing him. His kiss was hard, desperate, needy. Dale groaned, and opened for Rick's probing tongue. Their bodies slammed together. Dale reached down, grasping the cheeks of Rick's ass, grinding together the thick bulges that filled their jeans. 

Dale met Rick's need and took control, shoving his tongue into Rick's mouth, exploring, laving, eating his essence, until Rick was moaning with the exquisite pleasure of it. Dale firmly kneaded the taut cheeks under his hands.

He broke the kiss, "Upstairs." he ordered. 

Rick obeyed without question.

In the bedroom, Rick toed off his shoes and reached for his shirt, intent on undoing the buttons, until Dale stopped him, "My show, lover. Just stand there a minute."

Rick watched, his breath picking up speed as Dale undressed. Each item set aside, slowly revealed the body that Rick had come to love. Dale was all sleek, tanned, muscle. Fair and firm. Rick was dying to touch, especially when Dale slid out of his jeans and briefs, revealing the hard throbbing length of his cock. 

To Rick's wide-eyed gaze, Dale's cock seemed to have grown larger than he remembered. The plump, blushing head was full and ripe, the stalk long and thick. As he stared, it quivered with anticipation, a gleaming pearl of precum appearing at the tip, growing larger until it became tear-shaped and slid with lazy grace over reddened, silky skin, leaving a gleaming trail behind. 

Rick groaned, moistening his lips in anticipation of tasting that dewy drop. 

Dale had other ideas. He pulled back the covers on the bed and sat down, swinging his legs in, and propping his back against the head board. He smiled, his eyes sultry, yet teasing, "Strip for me. Slowly." 

Rick paused for a moment then returned Dale's smile. He bent down, removing one sock. Turning he bent to remove the other, giving Dale a wonderful view of his ass, stretched taut under hugging denim.

"Beautiful." Dale whispered.

Rick turned his head to see Dale's gaze fastened on his ass. His smile became a grin. He stood and turned again, facing Dale. Clearing his face, he began slowly unbuttoning his shirt. His object was to drive Dale crazy with need. He had no idea that Dale was about to turn the tables on him.

"That's right, lover, nice and slow. You have such a beautiful body, Rick. I going to run my tongue over every inch of your skin until you're squirming and begging me to fuck you."

Rick's eyes widened and he swallowed convulsively. Reaching the last button above his jeans, he pulled his shirt tails up and out, undoing the last button and letting his shirt fall open. All the while he watched Dale, his breath coming harder and harder. 

"Take the shirt off Rick, let me see that hard-muscled chest." Dale ordered softly, he reached for his cock and began to slowly stroke himself.

Rick groaned at the sight, his own cock jumping, straining for release from the confines of his jeans. He pulled his shirt open, the fabric sweeping lightly across his nipples, causing them to bead and harden. The shirt dropped to the floor.

"Oh yeah, babe, look at those sweet little nipples, so hard and ready. I can't wait to get them in my mouth. I want run my tongue over them and get them nice and wet before I start nibbling and sucking them."

"Damn, Dale, I need you to touch me." Rick panted.

"Not yet, angel. Show me the rest, sweetheart." Dale continued to slowly work his rigid staff.

Rick opened the buttons on his jeans and began pushing them and his briefs down.

"Just the jeans, babe. One thing at time." Dale instructed.

Rick cursed softly, but did as he was told. He stepped out of his jeans and dropped them to the floor with his shirt. He stood, his briefs tented by the thick bulge of his cock as it strained against the material. A warm, wet circle formed on the front where the head was leaking precum at an alarming rate. 

"Come here." Dale ordered, his voice husky, alluring.

Rick moved eagerly forward to stand as close to the bed as he could. Dale leaned forward and buried his nose in Rick's groin, taking in the pungent, potent scent of his lover. His tongue slipped out, working over the wet patch on Rick's briefs, massaging the needy flesh under it. Rick squeezed his eyes shut, a groan rumbling from his throat.

Dale's hands came up, fingers sliding under the waistband of Rick's briefs, peeling them over his erection which was so hard and full it slapped against his stomach as it leaped free. Rick groaned again in anticipation. He felt the warmth of Dale's breath against his cock.

"That is so amazingly beautiful." Dale whispered against Rick's skin. His tongue slid slowly over the swollen head, spreading and tasting the sweet honey of Rick's precum. 

Rick felt his knees begin to buckle as he moaned. Dale's hands supported him. "Baby, take off the briefs and lay down here with me."

Legs shaking, Rick obeyed, sighing gratefully as he stretched out on the bed. Dale bent over him, smiling, "To much, babe?"

Rick shook his head in the negative. "I just need you so badly it hurts. Please, Dale, do something."

Dale nodded, "I want you to close your eyes, babe. I want you to think of your favorite fantasy, and I want you to touch yourself. I want to watch you come. Can you do that for me?" he questioned softly.

Rick nodded, "You know this isn't going to take long don't you? I feel like one touch is all I need to explode."

"I know," Dale replied, "I want you to get off once before I make love to you. I want it to last for us. I want to make this something you'll never forget."

"What about you?" Rick asked.

"Don't worry about me," Dale smiled, "I have a plan."

Rick returned Dale's smile, "Now?" he asked.

Dale nodded, "Now."

Rick closed his eyes. He began to reach for his swollen, aching cock and felt Dale's hand capture his. Surprised, he began to open his eyes until he felt the cool touch of lube against his skin. He smiled and wrapped his slippery fingers around himself. Slowly he began stroking, images filling his head as his need rose. Rick threw his head back against the pillow groaning and panting, his hips straining, pushing his begging flesh between the firm pressure of his encircling fingers and hand.

Dale watched, fascinated by Rick's display. He was struck anew with the sheer animal magnetism, power and beauty of his lover. Rick's skin shone with moisture. His muscles bunched and flexed. Each move was the sheer, aching poetry that only the human body could produce. Love and desire swelled in his chest as he felt tears gather in his eyes. To be witness to such magic, to know that this man entrusted him with his body, his love, happiness and welfare was a gift that humbled him and yet filled him with strength. Dale knew he'd take on the world for Rick and that Rick would do the same for him. It was nothing short of a miracle.  

Rick's movements became shorter, tighter, harder. He jerked under the strain of impending release. His eyes flew open, "I'm coming." he gasped.

"Feed me, lover." Dave whispered and bent, taking Rick into his mouth.

With an anguished roar, Rick came. Powerful blasts of salty/sweet cum burst from the swollen tip of his cock, flooding the interior of Dale's mouth. Dale swallowed each shot, humming his approval, the vibrations causing Rick's balls to jerk as yet more semen was unloaded. 

"Dale, oh Dale," he groaned, feeling the suctioning slide of Dale's mouth and tongue over his depleted cock. He rested a hand on Dale's head, fingers tightening in his thick, burnished hair. "No more baby, please." he pleaded as his cock-head became sensitized to the touch.

Dale lifted up and away. He leaned over Rick, and capturing his lips in a kiss, fed him the remnants of his release. Their tongues swirled languidly in the rich, fragrant cream which they shared and swallowed. 

Dale rose up and gazed down at Rick, "Feel better?" he teased.

Rick chuckled, "Oh yeah."

"Good. Roll over."

Rick hesitated only a moment then rolled to his stomach. It was time. 

Dale draped his body over Rick's and rested against him. Rick could feel the hard ridge of Dale's cock pressing against his ass. He lay quietly, tensely waiting.

"Relax." Dale ordered softly.

Rick nodded and willed his muscles to loosen. They lay quietly for a few minutes. Rick felt himself beginning to doze. He was floating in a lazy fog when Dale began to slowly move. Dale's mouth moved over his shoulders, neck and back. Kissing, licking, moving lower and lower.

Rising up, Dale leaned forward, "Get up on your knees for me, babe." he whispered in Rick's ear, nipping his earlobe, sending a shiver down Rick's spine.

Rick did as Dale bid. He spread his legs at Dale's urging. He felt open and vulnerable, waiting for Dale's touch. He suddenly noted the increased rhythm of Dale's breath and looked around, his eyes widening in surprise. Dale was on his knees, firmly stroking his own rigid cock. His gaze was fastened to Rick's ass and with a drawn out groan he shot. Rick felt the warm liquid splash against his ass, coating his skin. His puckered opening jumped as it was hit by a direct shot. 

Dale finished shooting and ran his still hard cock through the cum that decorated Rick's ass. He spread the creamy liquid, positioned his cock in Rick's trench, sliding it up and down. Rick moaned. A moan that multiplied and became many as Dale began licking, kissing and sucking his ass.

Dale's tongue bathed Rick's skin. He became obsessed with the combination of slick, creamy cum and the clean, warm taste of his lover. His tongue followed the crevasse between Rick's taut muscular cheeks and arrived at the puckered, virgin entrance to his lovers body. 

Dale took a deep breath, inhaling the spicy musk that was Rick. Rich, dark and warm, it tickled his nostrils and wound into his soul. His cock swelled as returning blood flooded his semi-hard shaft, bring it again to full aching readiness. He groaned at the near pain caused by that urgent flood. 

Lowering to that tender rosebud he took his first taste. Rick's essence flooded his mouth, taking his thoughts as his brain shut down and instinct, pure and primitive took over. He began to feed. Dale awoke moments, or hours later, brought out of the fog by Rick's urgent cries. Rick's tight pinkish hole was loosened, throughly wet, and quivering from the ministrations of Dale's insistent tongue.

He eased back and reached for the lube. Squeezing it onto his fingers he coated them and placed the pad of one against Rick's hole. Lightly rimming the rucked skin until it gleamed with lube, he gently pushed in, watching the slow mesmerizing journey of his finger inside his lover's body. 

Rick's groan got his attention, "Easy baby, it's ok, it's ok. How does it feel, angel?"

"Good, it feels good, Dale." Rick panted.

Rick was lost in a fog of sensation. He'd never felt anything like this in his entire life. Eyes tightly closed he'd strained under Dale as Dale's tongue had worked him. It was all he could do not to buck like a man crazed by pleasure. And now this, this small invasion, this beginning, was bringing not only physical pleasure but emotional upheaval. 

He groaned as a second finger joined the first, opening his body, opening his soul. Rick struggled to relax, struggled to make sense of all the emotions filling his mind and heart as Dale filled his body. The smooth rhythm of Dale's stroking fingers was soothing yet provocative. A third finger moved in with the first two and Rick's thoughts shredded as pleasure and pain whipped up his spine, shocking, yet welcome.

From a distance he heard Dale's soothing murmurs, his lost soul following the sound, knowing that here was love, here was safety, here was a place to rest and let go. His body relaxed, allowing the glide of Dale's fingers free and deep access to his accepting entrance. Rick felt bereft as Dale's fingers left him, despair rose up until he heard Dale's softly murmured order to roll over.

Rick automatically obeyed, his eyes locking with Dale's as he settled on his back. "I want to watch your face, see your eyes as I fill you." Dale explained gently.

Rick nodded wordlessly and helped as Dale push his legs up, exposing his entrance. Dale moved between Rick's legs and Rick shuddered as he felt the first touch of Dale's cock to his waiting pucker. He strove to relax as the pressure built. An involuntary groan was torn from his throat as the head of Dales cock penetrated the tight ring of his anus. Pain blossomed like a flower and just as quickly the petals folded and dropped away. 

Together they stilled, waiting for Rick's body to relax, to accept its invasion. Slowly, slowly, slowly, Dale began to push forward, stopping every inch or so, giving Rick time to adjust, to become familiar with the sensation of being filled. Finally he was in to the hilt, his pubic hair tickling Rick's parted cheeks. He pulled back slightly and returned, each retreat of longer duration until he was taking Rick with long, slow strokes.

Rick lay moaning, the pleasure building, blinding in its intensity. His thoughts were on total shutdown, his body intent on complete meltdown. Every long, hard thrust caressed his prostate sending fiery tendrils of pleasure shooting through his groin. His own cock was throbbing in time with Dale's every move, swelling harder and harder. He felt the inevitable tightening of his balls, the tingle that proclaimed his orgasm would not be held at bay any longer.

"Dale!" he cried out, wanting to tell Dale, unable to form the words.

"Let go baby. Come for me." Dale grunted. He increased the strength of his thrusts taking Rick and himself over the edge.

Their mutual roars of release joined, mingling, sweeter than the sound of any choir. Dale shot his load deep into the dark, hot, velvety depths of his lover. The backwash anointed his pubic hair and dripped down, puddling on the bed beneath them. 

Rick's offering drenched them in hot ropes of potent seed. Pungent and heady, the smell of sex inundated their nostrils, acting as a drug, sending them higher. Aching, gut wrenching pleasure tore through their taut, straining bodies until finally, regretfully it began to recede, leaving exhaustion and sweet, tender repletion in its wake. 

Dale had collapsed on top of Rick and rested there, his body relaxing until he felt the small convulsive movement of Rick's chest. He rose up and froze. Tears were sliding from the corners of Rick's eyes, dripping down to the pillow under his head. 

"Shit! I hurt you." Dale almost shouted, appalled at his carelessness. He made to withdraw from Rick's body.

"No! Stay. I'm ok babe, I'm ok. It's just..." Rick panted, lost, struggling to find the words.

After the physical release, his emotions had come flooding back in a confused welter. He couldn't contain the flood, couldn't hide from it, couldn't make sense of the relief pitted against the guilt.

"Shh, take your time, angel. It's ok, baby. It's ok. Dale hovered over Rick, softly stroking the hair back from his face.

Rick began hesitantly, as he carefully chose his words, "All my life, I've been strong. I've known that this was how I was meant to be. But sometimes... sometimes I just wanted to know it was ok to be the follower, to not always have to take the lead, not always have to make the decisions. I... God, Dale." his final words were a plea. One that Dale could not ignore.

"Rick, it's ok. This is how it's meant to be. You and I together are one unit. When I feel down or lost, I know you'll be there. Your strength is something I'll always be able to depend on. But now you know that you have the same with me. You don't always have to be strong. There's nothing wrong with relinquishing your control to me. It's not weakness babe, it's trust, it's knowing that I'll always be here for you, knowing that you can pull back, rest, and I'll take the lead." 

Dale continued to stroke Rick's hair, his face and chest. "That's what this is all about. You claimed me and now I've claimed you. We're equals, partners, lovers. We take care of each other. Understand?"

Rick, his eyes glittering with unshed tears, nodded. He swallowed hard, a smile teasing the corners of his lips. Reaching up, he brushed the hair back from Dale's face, his touch light, tender, loving. "How did I get so lucky?"

Dale grinned, "You must have done something very good, somewhere along the way." 

Rick chuckled, the movement pushing Dale's flaccid cock from his body, forcibly reminding him of their joining. "However it happened, I'm grateful." He pulled Dale's face down to his, giving him a warm, loving kiss. "Thank you for making my first time unforgettable."

