 * "And if I can last thirty roundsThere's no reason you should ever have your head downSix foot five, two hundred and twenty poundsHailing from rock bottom, loserville, nothing town"*

*

Light slipped through a gap in the blinds, waking Christian the next morning. Westley was spooned up behind him, so Christian was reluctant to move, but the light was right in his eyes. He groaned and rolled over. Westley stirred. 

"Sorry the light was in my eyes." Christian said. 

Westley made a whining moan and buried his face in Christian's neck. 

"What time is it?" He asked, muffled. 

"Um..." Christian leaned over, squishing Westley a bit as reached for his phone. "8:15"

Westley huffed out a breath. Christian couldn't help his body's reaction as the breath of air flowed across his neck. 

"Still early... sort of." 

"Yeah I'm normally at school already." 

The men cuddled in companionable quiet for a few minutes, Christian not wanting to push Westley after the emotional night they'd had. 

"It was my best friend." Westley said. 

"What?"

"Who left the scars. We'd been friends for so long. We met in undergrad, and were able to stick together with post graduate plans. We were roommates for 3 years. I never told him." 

"That you were gay?" 

"Right. Someone told him they thought I was. He confronted me, and I was tired of lying to everyone. I mean I still keep it hidden, but a lot of that has to do with how Ryan reacted." 

"He cut you." 

"He didn't just cut me. He carved 'queer'..." Westley stopped, and took a deep breath. 

"You can't tell anymore." Christian said quickly. 

"I can." 

"I know. But if anyone else saw it, they wouldn't know. I didn't, and I saw it up close." 

Westley nodded and pushed his head back into Christian's neck. 

Christian held him close, expecting Westley to cry, but he never did. The revolution of what happened should have made him overly emotional. After a few minutes, Westley raised his head.

"What happened to this guy?" Christian asked. 

"I passed out. Well, actually I gave up, I didn't fight. He got so mad..."

"And?"

"Someone heard him yelling, and came into the room to make sure everything was okay. Obviously it wasn't, the cops were called. I was so scared, I had a hard time trusting anyone, but a cop convinced me to press charges. He said with how violent the attack was that he thought Ryan wouldn't leave me alone. Or that he might hurt someone else. I did it for that reason, I didn't care about myself anymore, but the thought he could do it to someone else...." He trailed off, pausing. "I saw him at the sentencing too. He apologized. I don't know if he meant it or not, but it was a bit of closure." 

"Good. So not to press or anything, but how out are you?"

Westley chuckled. "Not very. You know, and my friend Michael knows. His boyfriend. Um..." 

"Not out to your parents?" 

"No. What about you? I know you said before you aren't really..." 

"I don't know if I ever can. You're the only one that knows right now. I had a few discrete hookups in college, but nobody who really knew who I was. I've heard some pretty bad comments in the locker rooms and stuff growing up, and it still happens on the professional level too. I would really like to be out. But... until I can't play anymore I don't think it will happen." he shook his head and sighed. 

"Understandable. You don't get too long to play, and it could be a problem with your teammates." 

"Yup. Hungry?" Christian asked. 

"Eh..." 

"Maybe it's inappropriate after the heavy conversation we just had, but we could fool around a bit..."

Westley laughed. 

"Sure..." 

Christian rolled Westley under him, kissing him hard. He worked his way nuzzling and licking to his nipples. Westley's back bowed up involuntarily as Christian raked his teeth over one, then the other. His hands slipped under Westley and lifted him gently has he moved down to his flat abdomen. His hands slid further down, and tucked into the edge of Westley's boxers. Westley cried out quietly as Christian's mouth teased the front edge. He looked up questioningly, as he pulled gently down on the small man's underwear. Westley lifted his hips higher to allow Christian to slip off the boxers. He looked down into the striking hazel eyes, and watched as his cock was bared to them. He saw Christian's pupils dilate, almost hiding the color. Christian's tongue poked out, the pink slipping out from between his dark lips intrigued Westley. Every time they were together the contrast between their skin was apparent, but watching Christian as he started to lick up and down his cock, it was so unmistakable, and erotic. Westley couldn't hold his eyes open anymore once Christian had reached the top of his penis. He'd slipped his lips over the crown and the visual was too much. He was already so close to cumming, watching would just send him over. He laid his head back and dissolved into a puddle of desire, just absorbing the feelings as Christian worked him over. 

Christian looked up to see delight dancing across Westley's face, his eyes screwed shut. He was clearly enjoying the blow job, and Christian was unsure how far Westley would be willing to go, so he just doubled his efforts to get Westley to cum. He couldn't wait to taste the slim man's essence. He reached under Westley's cock to fondle his balls, and he too was entranced by the distinction between their skin. He'd never been in an interracial relationship before, so he never realized how significant the difference in color meant during sex acts. Before he could contemplate any further, Westley made a small noise, and his hips bucked. Christian pulled back, and covered the tip of Westley's cock and sucked vigorously. Westley came on a strangled quiet cry, and Christian gladly cleaned up the evidence of his orgasm. 

As soon as Westley caught his breath, he reached down to touch Christian. Christian stopped his hand on his abdomen. 

"Sorry... I, um... I came when you did..." He blushed. It was hard to see, but Westley could tell he was flushed.

"That's okay, I just wish I could help you out..." 

"Next time little man, next time." 

Christian pulled himself up next to Westley and drew him close. They fell asleep in each others arms. 

*

They woke a few hours later, when Christian's stomach rumbled loud enough it startled them both. 

"Oops..." Christian laughed. 

"We better get some food before your stomach eats itself I guess." 

"Well, it's only 10, the breakfast bar downstairs should still be open."

"Sounds good." Westley said. 

They dressed and walked down to the lobby. The breakfast area was empty except for a few people grabbing small items as they left the hotel. 

"What time is check out?" 

"I'm here another day yet. I'm supposed to do dinner at my parents tonight." 

"Ah okay. I have to go visit dad at some point before I head back for classes." 

"No class on a Monday?" 

"Not this week for some reason." 

Christian grabbed some cornflakes an orange and a banana, while Westley perused the pastries before picking out a few. They both poured themselves some coffee before heading back to the room. 

*

They parted ways an hour later, Westley heading to the hospital, and Christian to his parent's house. Westley walked into his dad's room, and quickly noticed his dad was napping. He hated to wake him up since he seemed tired all the time. He was just going to sit and watch TV until his dad woke up, when his mom wandered into the room. 

"Westley, nice of you to show up." She said. 

Westley was puzzled at the cool tone of his mom's voice but dismissed it, knowing he'd spent more time with Christian than he had with his dad. 

"Sorry. Don't get to see my friends very often, so I try to multitask. Doesn't always work like I planned." 

"I think you and I need to talk outside. I don't want to wake your dad." 

"What...?" He followed his mom outside.

"Look, I had my suspicions when you were in college, and then with your mysterious injury this last year. But when Alice called me and told me your boyfriend was a surprise, obviously it became crystal clear." 

Westley was silent, he wasn't sure what to say.

"Alice describes a big black man- and that she had no idea you were gay, but she was impressed with your willingness to be in an interracial relationship too. She praised me for having a son so open minded. I told her she needed to keep this to herself until I could talk with you." 

"Um..." 

"Westley." She sighed. "I know you were always different, but I just can't process this. I can't understand why you would want to do this to us. You realize that this could kill your dad if he found out?" 

"Mom, I..." 

"You end it. Right now. And if you weren't in school right now, I would be looking for a conversion therapy camp. As it is, once you graduate, I would still want you to go." 

"Mom! No." 

"I can't force you, but I can offer and encourage. But unless you stop your relationship with this.... abomination, I can stop you from seeing your father. I can't let the stress of knowing his son is... a.... I can't. It would kill him."

Westley was shocked, but he knew what he had to do. "I won't see him again. And I won't say anything to dad either." 

"Good. But I still want to be in the room each time you visit, just in case." 

*

Westley made it home after visiting with his dad for a short time. He was still trying to absorb the statements his mom had made. Not that he saw Christian that much, so if he still saw him occasionally he'd just have to make sure it wasn't anywhere where people that might know him would see them. At the same time though, maybe it wouldn't be bad to just give it up. He knew Christian couldn't be out, so even if they could have a relationship, it wouldn't be one that either of them could stand for the long term. Westley sighed and stared at the ceiling. He wasn't sure what to do. He didn't know what he wanted either. If he was honest with himself though, he would be free after his dad died. He could see Christian secretly, play nice with his mom, until the end. And then he wouldn't speak to his mom ever again. Westley decided that he would tell his dad before he died he was gay, but not just yet. 

*

Christian got a bit worried after a month and a half of Westley dodging requests to visit, and generally not replying to text messages and phone calls. Maybe it was for the best- he threw himself into the end of the season, playing hard, trying to forget the cute little man. 

*

About a month before graduation, Westley had a few interviews for jobs throughout the area, but nothing more than nibbles. He spoke to Michael about his job search as well, and Michael assured him he had yet to get any solid leads either. He offered some job postings in the area, knowing Westley was interested in living closer to his one friend. Westley finally got a phone call back, from a small practice in Wisconsin, not to far from where Michael and Daniel were living. He jumped at the chance for an interview, especially when the clinic said they would pay for his traveling expenses. That usually meant the potential employer was impressed with the application, and were possibly serious about hiring. He called Michael and let him know he'd be in the area for the weekend. He was driving when his phone rang. Without looking he answered.

"Hello?" 

"Oh, good you aren't dead." A bemused rich voice flowed over the line.

"Christian." 

"How have you been?"

"I've been better. But it's going." 

"Hmm. Well, I just wanted to touch base with you, our season ended, so I'm free this weekend if you wanted to meet up somewhere." 

"Well, I have an interview actually that I'm driving to right now. I'm not sure how much time I'll have this weekend." 

"Oh." Christian sounded disappointed. Westley was tempted, and if they met up in Wisconsin, nobody would know. 

"Um. Are you still in Wisconsin?" 

"Yeah, staying at the apartment until all the formal reviews and stuff following the end of the season are done. I can take the weekend to come down to Ohio though."

"Well, my interview is in Wisconsin actually. I can call you once I know what is all going to happen." 

"That would be great. I miss you. You've been elusive recently." 

"Sorry. I don't know what to say." 

"Don't worry about it. Just call me so we can meet up, okay?" 

"Alright. I will." 

*

Westley stopped at a gas station to fill up and look closer at the map on his GPS to try and figure out what would be the best way to see Michael and Daniel, drive to his interview and then possible meet up with Christian. As an introvert, Westley had never had to deal with such a situation. He rarely had ever had more than one friend at a time, and never had 3 social interactions scheduled in a weekend. He was going to be mentally drained by the end of everything. He realized in mapping out his drive, he could spend the night by Michael and Daniel, drive north to his interview, and then drive to Christian's without too much trouble. He called Michael to make sure it would be okay to stay there. 

"Hello?" Daniel answered. 

"Um, hey, it's Westley. I could've sworn I called Michael's phone..."

"Yeah, he's in the shower, we answer each other's phones all the time." 

"Oh, okay. Well, I just figured out that if you guys were okay with it I could stay at your place tonight and leave tomorrow morning for the interview, otherwise I could get a hotel room too and we could do dinner." There was a pause at the other end and then he heard muffled talking and what sounded like static.

"We would be more than happy to put you up tonight, don't even think about a hotel!!" He heard Michael yell in the background. 

Westley laughed. 

"I take it you heard that?" Daniel asked. 

"Yes. Do you guys want to go out for dinner, or do you want me to grab something before I get there?" 

"Um..." More muffled noises could be heard, and suddenly a 'Dammit Michael I'm on the phone!' Floated over the line. 

"I can call back?" Westley asked. 

"No, just hang on a second... STOP it for 30 seconds okay? What do you want for dinner?" 

Westley heard a sigh, and then Daniel responding. 

"I think we'll just order something, he can't make up his mind." 

"Alright." Westley was trying hard not to laugh, "I'll call you when I get close to the apartment then." 

"Okay, sounds good." Daniel replied. Just before he hung up, he heard Daniel start to yell at Michael. He chuckled, knowing Michael's bubbly personality that it would be hard for Daniel to stay mad at the man. 

*

Once he was about 10 minutes from the apartment, he called Michael's phone again. This time Michael answered.

"Hey dude, how far out are you?"

"About 10 minutes." 

"Want subs or something for dinner? I was leaning towards Jimmy Johns." 

"Yeah that sounds good. I'd take a turkey sub." 

"Alright, I'll order now, and they might beat you here." 

"True. See you in a bit." 

"See ya." 

Westley pulled up outside the apartment and parked. He buzzed the door, and heard running footsteps down the stairs. Michael pulled open the door. 

"Hey! You beat the food. Come on up." As Westley walked past Michael he heard another car pull up. 

"Barely I guess." He said as he turned around and saw the delivery guy hopping out of his car. Michael paid for the food, and followed Westley up the stairs. 

"So do you have any other plans for the weekend? You're more than welcome to come back here after your interview." 

"I actually might be meeting up with another friend tomorrow." 

"Oh, okay." Michael sounded a bit disappointed.

"Sorry. I haven't seen him for a while and he's in the state for right now, so we're hoping to meet up." 

"Oh, like a friend, or a 'Friend-friend?'" 

"What does that even mean?" Westley said as he they stepped inside the apartment. Daniel, setting out chips and beers for the men, answered,

"Friends with benefits." He said nonchalantly

"Oh, well. Yeah kinda." Westley replied. 

Both Daniel and Michael stopped what they were doing and stared at Westley. 

"What?" they said at the same time.

"Well. I'm not sure what you would call it, but neither of us are 'out' and neither of us are really ready for anything else. I think this weekend might be time for us to call it off." 

"What?" Michael and Daniel both asked again.

"This is unlike you..." Michael started. 

"How long has this been going on?" Daniel asked. 

"Um. A few months I guess. Mostly talking on the phone and texting. We've only been able to meet up a few times." 

"How did you meet him?" Micheal asked. 

"Well, I bumped into him at the hospital actually." 

"Will you tell us who he is?" Daniel asked. 

"No. I can't." 

"Okay. Huh." Micheal said.

"I know, I still can't believe I'm doing it myself, but I just can't stop myself either." 

"I know that feeling..." Daniel laughed. 

"So, yeah, tomorrow might be the last hurrah. We'll see." 

The men dug into their food. Michael started a movie. 

"Ooo, Twister. Love it." Westley said.