 My first story attempt here. This is just the opening taste. No sex here yet. Got some story building to do first.

Enjoy.

*****

I sighed to myself. Another night of me sitting in the dark. Another night of waiting. And waiting. I tried to ignore the mild chill as I sat there. Waiting.

It probably wouldn't have been as bad if I had known what I was waiting for, but I had no idea. I was drawn here. To this park, to this very bench. Had been since I was a child and my family had moved to one of the houses just across the street.

I could ignore it. I mean, I'm not crazy or anything. But if I don't come, it just doesn't feel right. Everything feels... Sideways? Oh hell, I don't know how to explain it. But there it is.

Oh, I nearly forgot. My name is Jayson. I'm now 27, about five foot eleven and 180 pounds. Brown hair and blue eyes round out my physical appearance I suppose.

So for the countless night in a row, I sat on my park bench, just waiting. As always, about an hour after the sun had disappeared, the feeling began to fade and I got up and returned to my home.

I sighed as I locked the door behind me. Tugging off my shoes, I then left them beside the door before climbing the stairs to the second story.

The moment I was in my room, I pulled off my shirt. 'Not bad' I thought to myself. Definitely not a gym bunny, but I did take care of myself. With only a small patch of hair between my pecs and my happy trail starting just below my belly button and disappearing at the waist of my jeans, I wasn't smooth, but not very hairy. A nice middle ground.

I quickly unbuttoned my jeans, letting them fall to the floor. I collapsed into bed in my boxer briefs, barely bothering to cover myself with the comforter.

I felt sleep pulling me into its embrace. My last conscious thought before it took me was 'maybe tomorrow I'll finally be done waiting.'

**************

The fierce wind stung my face making my eyes water. Though it was hard to see, I knew this place. I had been here before.

The barren and rocky ground beneath my bare feet wasn't ideal, but I trudged forward anyway. I had to keep moving forward. I couldn't stop now. Not now. Not after everything that had happened. Not after I had come so far.

A sharp rock bit into my tender foot. I winced at the pain and knew it was bleeding, but not even this would stop me.

Nothing would stop me.

I would get there. I would find him.

I had to find him.

And nothing would stop me.

*********

I woke up gasping for air. It had been months said I had had one of those dreams. I had finally allowed myself to hope that they were behind me now.

Apparently I was wrong.

I laid there for a few moments, letting myself fully settle back into reality. Once I felt calm, I sat up and inhaled deeply.

I swung my legs over the side of the bed, but the moment I stood up, I winced.

My foot hurt. It wasn't bleeding, but the pain from the cut was surely there...

What was happening to me? Maybe I was wrong before. Maybe I am crazy...

No. That can't be it. I know I'm not crazy. It must be... Oh, what are they called? Night terrors? Yea, that's it. Where your dream is so realistic your body manifest what happened. That was all this pain is.

I did my best to ignore it as I got out of bed and went about my usual morning routine: a piss, brush teeth, some toast, getting dressed, then off to work.

I found myself extremely great fun for the nice weather as I walked down to the office building where I work. As for my work, it's nothing fancy. Human resources and occasionally public relations with a big business. I felt like most of my time was spent getting yelled at or easing peoples fears.

Not that I'm complaining. I love my job. I know how odd that sounds, but I really do. Usually I can usually calm people and get to the root of the problem. Most the time, once you can do that, the rest is easy.

I walked into my small office, and was just about to get the list of problems already waiting for me when there was a knock on the door. I figured it was a boss, being so early, so I didn't even look up as I said "come in".

I looked up as somebody cleared their throat and found myself feeling completely lost.

I had never seen this man before, but something deep inside me screamed that this was what I had been waiting for. All these years of waiting at that park, and it was him I had been waiting for.

This man who was now standing in my office.

I hadn't needed to wait. He found me in the end...