 *"Give em hell, turn their heads Gonna live life 'til we're dead. Give me scars, give me pain Then they'll say to me, say to me, say to me There goes the fighter, there goes the fighter Here comes the fighter That's what they'll say to me, say to me, say to me, This one's a fighter"*

Outside the stadium Christian was waiting for his taxi to arrive to take him to his parent's house for dinner. After that he'd would be meeting up with Westley. The rest of the team filed onto the bus to head back to the hotel where they would be spending the night. They were joking and messing around, spirits high after a good game and a great win.

"See you at practice next week Christian." Mick called as he got on the bus. Christian waved distractedly. He'd been having some second thoughts about meeting up with Westley, but he couldn't bring himself to bail on the little dude. And he didn't want to either. Finally the taxi pulled up and drove him to his parents house. Unbeknownst to him, his Aunt and cousins had swung in for a visit, so he was technically without a bed. He texted Westley to meet him at Nevaeh's diner, and then called a local hotel to get a room. Sure he could have slept on the couch, but after a game he was always sore. Plus it was a good excuse to spend the night with Westley. Westley texted back after a few minutes that he'd meet him in a half hour, he was still stuck at the hospital for a while. Christian made small talk with his family and then begged off, explaining he was meeting a friend for dinner. His parents assumed he was talking about Nevaeh, and his sister jokingly asked when he was going to marry the poor girl and put them all out of their misery. Christian got into his car feeling miserable. He knew it would be hard to come out to them, much less the rest of the world, but if he couldn't even be out to his family, how could he even hope for a relationship at all? 

Westley sat in the diner chatting with Nevaeh while waiting for Christian to show up. Nevaeh was a very colorful individual and had a bunch of great stories to share about growing up with Christian. 

"So then, because he was so mad at me for not letting him ride my big wheel, I just kept doing circles around him laughing. Well, he threw his baseball mitt at me, which missed, of course, but landed in front of me. So when I hit it with my big wheel, it practically spun me out of control, sending me flying at Christian. I've never heard that boy scream so loud in my life." 

"It was a traumatic childhood experience. I'm terrified I'm going to be run over by a big wheel every day of my life now." Christian said as he sat down across from Westley. 

"That's hilarious." 

"Oh, next time you're here, when Christian isn't, I will have to tell you about the gum incident." 

Christian groaned. 

"Oh, yes I went there!" Nevaeh said walking away laughing. 

"Did you order food already?" 

"Yeah. I figured you'd eat what you had last time." 

"Yup. What are you getting?" 

"Chicken sandwich." 

"Those are second best to the swiss melt. Still good, just not as good." Christian paused. 

"How's dad?" 

"Doing alright. It's progressing the way this cancer usually does. So we still have a few months according to the specialist. He'll most likely get to see me graduate."

"When's graduation?" 

"In 3 months basically." 

"Ah." 

The men were quiet for a bit, the seriousness setting the tone. 

"So, I had to get a hotel room for the night, my Aunt and cousins showed up at the parent's house."

"Oh..." Westley said quietly. 

"So if you want to watch a movie or something..." 

"Sure. I'll let mom know I'll probably not be back tonight." 

"Sweet." Christian said. 

Nevaeh came back with their food, which the men ate with enthusiasm. This time though, once they were finished with the food, they paid their bill and left, rather than hold up Nevaeh as she started to close down the diner. She waved from the kitchen as they excused themselves.

"Follow me?" Christian asked. 

"Sure." Westley got into his car and drove behind Christian as he weaved his way to the hotel. It turned out that Christian was staying across the street from the hotel Westley and his mom were staying at. Christian checked in while Westley called his mom and told her to not wait up for him. 

Christian unlocked the door to the hotel room. Westley was at first shocked, because the room was huge, but then remembered who Christian was. It was easy to forget that Christian was famous when he acted like such a normal person. The king sized bed took up the bulk of the room, but the door to the bathroom was open, showing off a huge stall shower, Westley figured it had one of those newer waterfall showerheads. Christian set his bag down next to the bed and shook his head. His dreads bounced vigorously. 

"I could use a swim." He said nonchalantly. He walked over to the phone and grabbed the laminated sheet. "The pool is open until 12. Want to go?" 

"Um. I'll walk with you, but I'll just hang out. I'm not big on swimming." 

"If you don't have a suit I have an extra one." 

"I don't know..." Westley was always afraid his scar would show when he went swimming.

"Well, why don't you put it on, and then if you want to, you can join me. I just want to do a few laps before I crash for the night." 

"Like you didn't get enough exercise today?" Westley laughed as Christian chucked the swimsuit at him. 

"Never. I always am so pumped after a game. I hate the bus ride back, can never move around enough. And then we're always at a hotel, so I rarely get the chance to work out right after. Makes me restless." 

"Hmm." Westley murmured. 

"What?" 

"Just wondering what kind of work out you'd prefer..." 

"Ha! Well, like any warmblooded guy, yeah, I wouldn't mind a round in the sheets, but honestly, a swim and then a bit of extra curricular activities." 

Westley nodded and went into the bathroom to change. Christian chuckled at his modesty, and quickly changed while Westley hid in the bathroom. 

Westley turned around after tying the strings on the waist of the swimsuit. He looked at his thighs in the mirror, but as far as he could tell the scar didn't show under the baggy shorts. He sighed. At some point he'd have to show Christian, but Westley had a hard time telling people about the experience. It made him feel weak. Mostly it was due to the fact that he'd given up during the fight. Squaring his shoulders he stepped out of the bathroom. He wasn't prepared for the sight he greeted of Christian wearing a similar pair of swim trunks. It was hard for Westley to not drool, even though he'd seen him shirtless before, it still left him speechless. Christian chuckled. 

"I feel the same way little man. My mouth goes dry looking at your cute body." Christian tossed him a towel and grabbed the room key. They padded down to the pool. Westley found a table at the side of the pool and sat down in one of the lounge chairs. Christian set his towel down next to him and headed for the pool. He made his way down the stairs into the pool. He dipped his head under the water and then started swimming laps in the small pool. It didn't take long for him to reach the other side and turn around. Westley couldn't help but stare at the prime specimen of man as his muscles rippled under the water. A family walked into the pool area after Christian had done a few laps. Westley was surprised, mostly because it was after 10pm. The adults settled into hot tub, and the two kids jumped into the pool. Christian slipped out of the pool, shook his head attempt to dry his hair a bit. He walked over to where Westley was sitting and plopped into the chair next to him. 

"Now what?" Westley asked quietly.

"Eh, lets see how long they stay. Or if you want to go into the hot tub?" 

"Not really. I'm not one for small talk with strangers." 

"Couldn't tell... shy man." Christian teased. 

They sat in silence for a while watching the children play. 

"Have you always been a shy kid, or just recently?" Christian asked. 

"Well. I was always a quiet kid, but had a incident within the last year that has made me retract into myself even more." 

"Not something you want to talk about I guess?" 

"Not really. Maybe some day." 

"Okay." 

After about a half hour the parents shooed the kids out of the pool and left. Christian resumed his swimming. Westley decided to get into the hot tub, now that Christian was busy and it was unlikely anyone else would be down to swim. Making sure his scar wasn't visible he made his way to the hot tub. Christian joined him once he'd finished an additional 10 laps. Christian sunk into the hot tub with a groan that went straight to Westley's cock. He squirmed a bit as Christian slid over on the ledge so he could sit next the small man. 

"Enjoying yourself over here?"

"Eh, enough I guess." 

Christian sunk further into the water, so the water lapped at his chin. 

"God, this feels great. I'm kinda sore after today." 

"I think I saw you get sat on during the game..." 

"Yeah, some big ass lineman tripped on me, and then landed on me. I got a little squished. I also hit the quarterback at a bit of a weird angle for me- I got a bruise on my shoulder." he lifted out of the water slightly to show it off. 

"Hard to see." Westley said, brushing his hands on Christian's shoulder. The contrast between their skin colors became suddenly apparent to them as Westley slid his fingers across Christian's creamy chocolate colored skin. Christian leaned closer, but the door opening to the pool room startled them. 

"Hey guys, 10 minute warning- then I have to shut the place down." 

"Okay, thanks..." Christian said. He waited until the door shut again. 

"Well. Let's continue this back in the room, shall we?" He rose out of the bubbling water like a Greek god. Westley shook his head to clear the improper thoughts. He needed to get his boner under control in case they ran into anyone heading back to Christian's room. Christian was busy drying his hair the best he could, so Westley took the opportunity to get out of the tub quickly and wrap a towel around his waist. Luckily the towel hid his semi-hard cock, and his scar. Westley wondered when he would ever stop worrying about it. Every day he had to think about what to wear, and examined it in the mirror to see how noticeable it was. It bothered him that it was such a big deal to him, but he wasn't sure how to get past it. 

"Hey... you look a bit lost there" Christian said. 

"Just thinking about something." Westley said. 

"Well, obviously. Anything I can help with?" 

"Not really. Why don't we head back up if you're ready." 

"Yup." Christian gave him a bit of an odd look, almost confused but with a bit of pity. 

Westley sighed. 

"Seriously dude, the quiet brooding thing is cute, but if something I'm doing is bothering you..." 

"No, it's not you. Believe me." 

"Okay..." 

They walked quietly to the elevator and then to their room. Christian held the door open for him.

"Shower?" Christian asked 

"Together?" Westley asked.

"If you want. No pressure, and you can keep the shorts on if you want." 

"Um. Yeah." He said quietly.

"Okay." Christian walked into the bathroom and started the shower. Sure enough, it had a waterfall head. As soon as the water warmed up, Christian stepped in to rinse down his body. Westley tentatively followed. Christian stepped to the side, so Westley could stand under the waterfall. He moaned quietly. 

"Damn, don't be making noises like that..." Christian leaned in and kissed Westley hard. A little shocked, it took Westley a bit to react. He slid his hands up Christian's muscular sides slowly. Christian trembled a bit, trying to hold back. He knew Westley was very shy, and he wasn't sure how much experience he truly had. After a bit of making out, Christian felt his neck cramp. He lifted his head and rolled his shoulders. But instead of stopping, he picked up Westley and set him against the wall. Westley gasped.

"Um."

"Sorry, neck was cramping. Also gives me an excuse to get closer..." He brushed his fingers up Westley's thighs, under his suit to the junction of his buttock. Westley squirmed. 

"Stop..." He whispered. 

Christian felt a ridge of something, and Westley stiffened. 

"What..." The next thing Christian knew, Westley was out of the shower and bathroom. 

"Westley... Stop... are you okay?" Christian caught him before he reached his bag across the room. 

"I'm fine." 

"Obviously not. Talk to me dude." 

"It's not you, it's me, okay. I'm not sure I can do this..." 

"Do this? Like 'gay stuff ', really?" 

"NO. Not the gay stuff. I'm not one of those guys that hasn't accepted himself yet. No this is something different and I'm not ready to tell anyone else about it yet." 

"Talk to me Westley, obviously it's something serious. I can maybe help." 

Westley stared at him. 

"Really." 

Westley turned around. Christian felt as though he'd lost this battle, but then Westley dropped his swimsuit down, just far enough to show his buttocks. Christian momentarily got distracted by his cute white butt, however during his perusal he spotted a slight blemish in the smooth skin. He reached out and brushed it gently. He felt it more than saw it, the slight pink blending into the skin. 

"It's had reduction on it. It still looks terrible." Westley said. 

"Terrible? What do you mean? I can feel the ridge, but it's blending in." 

"I hate it." Westley said with venom. 

"Can I look at it closer?" 

"I guess." Westley said. 

Christian guided him to the bed, laid down a towel and pushed Westley down on his stomach. He brushed the pink ridge gently. 

"What happened?" he whispered.

Westley sighed heavily. 

"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to." Christian said.

"Well, basically my best friend found out I was gay. He wanted me branded as an abomination for life. I've had a lot of reduction therapy on it. Some surgery, some laser treatments, lots of creams." He sounded muffled. Christian looked up to see Westley's face buried into the pillow. 

"Hey... It's bad, but you're well on the way to getting rid of the visible scar."

Westley scuffed. 

"Seriously. I mean obviously the mental scar is worse. This isn't something you just get over." 

"I don't know how you would understand."

Christian barked out a short laugh.

"Really? I mean I know we haven't seen each other much, and really this is the first time we've even been partially naked in front of each other, but don't assume anything, okay?"

"What do you mean?" Westley pulled up his shorts and rolled over. Christian rolled his shorts up. There on his thigh was 4 small raised circles. 

"My biological dad did this to me when I was a young kid. It was the final straw for mom. It took a lot to trust after that. Including my mom." 

"Okay." 

"Yeah." Christian laid down next to Westley. 

"I get it. Everything you wear you make sure people can't see it. And when someone does see it, you want to make up a story about how you got them. I don't know, falling out of a tree, or something cooler, like being bit by a rare fish while swimming. But deep inside, you fear that people can see you're just a sad little kid whose been abused." He stared at the ceiling. "And then they pity you. And that's almost worse than the scars." 

"Yeah." Westley rolled onto his side to look at Christian. 

"I'm sorry I assumed that you didn't understand." 

"That's okay. Like I said, you learn how to hide it. It's there, but shoved deep down." he rolled to face Westley. 

Westley reached out and brushed some of Christian's dreads off his face. 

Christian leaned in and gently kissed Westley on the lips. Westley leaned in, caressing his hand down Christian's side before resting on his hip. He pulled the big man closer. Christian rolled on top of Westley, lining up their hips. Slowly, he started to rotate his hips into Westley's. The men rubbed on each other gently, building the tension in an almost lethargic manner. Christian, being quiet a bit taller than Westley had to lean down a bit to match their lips, but he continued to kiss him as he rocked his hips. Westley whimpered quietly. 

"Good?" 

"Little harder..." Westley said. 

Christian pushed at the end of each thrust, grinding their hard cocks together. Christian groaned as each drive shot a bolt of electricity to his balls. Westley dug his nails into Christian's back and cried out as he came. Hearing Westley cum was too much for Christian. He froze, threw his head back, trying to keep quiet as he shot his load into his swim shorts. 

Westley panted into Christian's shoulder. 

Christian leaned back down, and pulled Westley into a deep kiss. 

"Perfect..." He whispered as they broke apart to catch their breath. Westley was speechless. 

"Let's get out of these shorts." Christian said, helping Westley up. They changed, Westley still acting a bit shy towards Christian, facing away from him as he put on a pair of boxers to sleep in. Christian pulled back the covers on the bed and crawled in. He held the blanket up and motioned for Westley to join him. Exhausted after the mental and physical work out, Westley snuggled into Christian's arms, and fell asleep almost immediately. Christian spooned behind Westley, thinking he'd found someone more like him than he ever thought possible, and the fact that he would complement him so well? He wasn't sure what to do with that information. It scared him to think about a future with or without Westley, even this early in their relationship.