 Thanksgiving was today and he was coming over to meet and eat with my family. It was the first time he would see them, and I was a little nervous. My family knew I was gay, but I hadn't told them what he was like; they were in for a bit of a surprise. 

I was already at my parent's house, helping my mother cook in the kitchen like I did every year. I was the only one she would allow in her kitchen while she cooked. My father was sitting in the living room, watching the football game on the screen. My brother and sister would be home soon, along with my boyfriend.

"So, when is your friend coming over?" My mother asked. I looked over at her as I peeled the potatoes. 

"He said he'll be here around twelve." I told her. I glanced at the clock. It was almost that time. "And remember ma, he's not just my friend." She waved a hand at me.

"I know what he is; you don't have to remind me." She said abruptly. She was understanding when I told her I was gay, but she still wished I had settled down with a woman. She looked over at me from her cooking pot. "You're not living with him, are you?" And by that she meant, "You're not sleeping with him, are you?" I flushed slightly at the thought and shook my head.

"No, ma. I still live in my apartment, don't worry. I haven't even stayed the night at his house." I told her. She arched an eyebrow at me, and I grinned and shook my head. "Mom, I'm twenty-one. I could stay at my boyfriend's house if I wanted to." She just sighed and shook her head.

"I know, I know..." Was all she muttered into her cooking pot. I peeled the rest of the potatoes in silence, placing them into a plastic strainer. I washed them all before starting to chop them. 

"A Focus just pulled up." My father called from the living room. I perked up and grinned, dropping the knife and running to the door. It was his red Focus! I smiled widely and opened the front door, watching him approach the house through the screen door. I opened it for him, stepping back as he stepped into the house. 

"Hello," He said happily, pecking me on the cheek before handing me a bouquet of flowers. I blushed and smiled widely at him.

"Hello. And thank you so much." I told him, leaning up and pecking his cheek with a kiss. 

"Who is it?" My father called from the living room. I instructed him to take off his shoes before leading him into the living room, holding the flowers in one hand. 

"Dad, this is my boyfriend. Boyfriend, this is my dad." I smiled softly as I waved my hand back and forth between them. My dad just stared at him from his chair, mulling over what I just told him.

"You're his boyfriend?" My father asked in a sort of disbelief. My boyfriend nodded slowly. My father nodded back, glancing at the game before looking back at him. "You disrespect my son in any way, I will find you. Got it?" He said, staring at him intensely. I groaned in despair and looked away. My boyfriend only grinned and smiled.

"Yes, sir. I'll take good care of your son." I glanced at my father, seeing him nod in satisfaction. I sighed softly, and looked at my boyfriend with a soft smile. 

"Let me put these in some water and then I'll show you the rest of the house." I told him before leading him to the kitchen. Mom was mashing the chopped potatoes, looking up at us before stopping her work. She put on a wide smile and walked around the counter to greet my boyfriend.

"Hello! You must be my son's friend." She said, holding out her hand. I watched as he hesitantly took it before shaking it, smiling softly. 

"Yes, I am. It's nice to meet you." He said to her. She smiled at him before turning to me. She was looking at the flowers.

"Look what he brought me!" I told her, holding them out. She leaned forward and sniffed them, the smile still on her face.

"They're lovely," She said to me. She glanced at him before whispering loud enough so he could hear. "You better keep this one." I smiled widely at her and nodded. 

"Of course, ma." I glanced at him with a soft smile before fetching a vase from the cupboard. Filling it with water, I placed the flowers in it and put it in the center of the dining room table. "There. They look perfect." I said with a smile, looking back at him. He smiled back at me, wrapping an arm around my waist.

"I'm glad you like them." He leaned down to kiss my lips when my mother cleared her throat. I jumped slightly and blushed red in the face. I looked over at her with a hard stare. She was staring back with an arched eyebrow. 

"What? You let my brother slobber all over his girlfriend, but I can't simply kiss my boyfriend?" I asked her. She sighed and shook her head, looking down at her cooking.

"Fine, if you must." My mother said. I smirked and leaned up, kissing his lips with a loud pop. She shuddered before waving her hands at us. "Go and watch the game or something. I got it in here." She said, as her face turned somewhat pink. I stared at her. 

"Are you sure, ma? I don't mind helping still." I told her. She shook her head and waved her hands again. 

"Go ahead and go, I don't mind." She said. To make sure that her word was final, she turned her back, and began preparing other foods in the kitchen. I sighed and took my boyfriend's hand, leading him through the house and to my old bedroom. 

"This is where I used to live before I moved out." I told him, moving over to the old bed in the corner. Much of the room was empty since most of it was in my own apartment. He followed me over to the bed, looking around the room.

"It looks cozy." He said softly, looking down at me as I sat down on the edge of the bed. I noticed that he had closed the door halfway and I quickly looked up at him, shaking my head. 

"We can't," I whispered quietly to him, biting my lip softly. He stroked my cheek, softly kissing my ear. His breath was hot and sweet on my face and I bit my lip harder to keep from moaning.

"Come on... Just a little kiss." He whispered softly into my ear. I felt his tongue flash against my earlobe and I shivered, quickly standing up. I shook my head at him again and the mouthed the words "We can't," to him before opening the door.

"I'll show you the rest of the house..." I said to him. It took only a few minutes, but I showed him the other bedrooms, the upstairs den and the master bedroom before showing him the basement. It was completely furnished with a television set and a pool table. I walked over to the table and leaned back against it.

"So, what do you think of the house?" I asked him. He smiled and nodded appreciatively. 

"It's really nice. You grew up in a nice place." He said to me, standing in front of me and placing his hands on my hips. I let out an exaggerated sigh and sat up on the table before kissing his lips hard, clutching his shirt loosely. He quickly opened his mouth and slid his tongue into my mouth. I moaned quietly and felt my cheeks flush before sucking softly on his tongue, closing my eyes. His hands pulled my hips closer as I wrapped my legs around his own, pulling him closer to me. 

I released from the kiss for a moment to catch my breath, panting softly. He continued to kiss my skin, his lips leaving a trail along my jaw and down my neck. I tilted my head to the side as he sucked softly. I winced slightly. I was already using makeup to cover up the other hickies he had given me and my neck was still sore.

"H-hey, don't leave any marks." I said quietly, moving my hands to his hair. 

"Fine, just as long as you don't mess up my hair." I mumbled against my neck, lightly nipping up to my ear. I moaned softly and slid my hands down his back, resting them on his lower back. 

As I turned my head to kiss his lips again, he pushed me onto my back onto the pool table and kissed down my chest, making my body arch up against his lips. I felt the kisses trail down my stomach and over my crotch. His mouth engulfed the lump in my pants, gently teething it with soft nips. I bit my lip to keep back a moan, gripping his shoulders. Suddenly, I heard my zipper start to open and I quickly sat up.

"H-hey!" I whispered loudly, staring at him wide eyed. He had jumped back a step, staring at me. 

"What? There's no one down here." He said quickly, trying to lay me back down. 

"So?! What if someone walks down here?" I asked him, biting my lip softly. He shrugged. 

"You can hear them coming, don't worry. I'll just bring it out through the zipper." He said softly, kissing my lips hard to keep back any protests I had. I groaned against his lips and let him lay me back down. I closed my eyes and allowed him to take my erection out, feeling it throb in the open air. But it wasn't for long for I felt his hot mouth quickly swallow it. I bit my lip hard to keep back a groan, gripping his shoulders again. I closed my eyes as his lips slowly bobbed along the length of my erection. I let a tiny groan slip my lips, feeling him shudder under my hands at the noise. He sucked harder and more vigorously, soliciting another groan from my lips. 

I propped myself up on my elbows, watching him with lust filled eyes. It felt so good what he was doing that I didn't want him to stop. I fought to keep from thrusting into his mouth; he hated when I would thrust into his mouth. It made him gag. So I kept as still as possible, moaning silently and trembling in pleasure. 

"Please don't stop, baby. It feels so good..." I whispered to him, placing a hand on the back of his head. He grinned before sucking faster on my erection, soliciting a louder groan from my lips. It wasn't long before he brought me to orgasm. Biting down hard on my lip, I came into his mouth. I could feel him suck down everything and it felt amazing. I shuddered and moaned quietly, falling back onto the pool table. 

I heard a soft pop as my cock left his mouth. With gentle fingers, he eased my erection back into my pants and zipped them back up. He then proceeded to wrap my legs around his waist and ground against my hips. I gasped and sat up on my elbows, staring at him wide eyed. He had never done that before and it felt so... So amazing. His hands were on my ass and he was holding me firmly in those warm hands of his. He squeezed softly before he began to dry thrust into me. I gasped and moaned quietly, tilting my head back. My whole lower half was over sensitive after my orgasm and it felt amazing to have him thrust against me. 

"I l-love this..." I murmured quietly into the air, looking at him with sultry eyes. He returned the stare, thrusting harder against my ass. I leaned forward and kissed his lips hard, licking across his soft, pink lips. He licked back at my tongue, his own silent moans filling the air. I licked at his lips before lying back on the table and gripping the far edge of it. There was something about the look on his face that made me know that he loved what he was seeing. With an arch of my back and another silent moan, I knew he was in heaven. His thrusts came harder and faster against my ass before he eventually couldn't take it and took out his erection. 

I stared at it longingly, quickly sitting up and taking it in both hands. I rubbed quickly over it, kissing over his chest. His hands enclosed on my arms and I rubbed faster, holding it tighter. He leaned down and kissed my cheek and ear, his hot breath against my skin. I shivered and closed my eyes, leaning my head into his lips. 

"I want you... I want to be inside you..." He murmured in my ear and I paused for a second. Did he really just say that? I was taken back for a second. No one had ever said that to me before. Not my previous boyfriends or lovers. None of them had ever wanted that from me. Except for him. He must really, truly want me to have the urge to say it to my face. 

I glanced over the stairs; they were all clear. Pushing him back a couple of steps, I hopped down from the table and bent over it, presenting myself to him. I braced my arms under me and looked back at him.

"This is all you can get right now..." I said. I knew my face was burning from the excitement and slight embarrassment, but to see the bliss on his face was good enough for me. He quickly grabbed my hips and jammed his erection against my ass. I quickly gripped the table, biting down hard on my lip to keep from grunting in pleasure. He jabbed again with his rod, making me arch my back up into the air. I spread my legs and pushed my ass further, welcoming his erection. He continued to thrust hard and fast against me before his time soon came. 

With a quick motion, I dropped to my knees and took his erection into my mouth, sucking fast and hard. It was long before his salty seed filled my mouth and I swallowed every ounce of it. I groaned quietly as I sucked softly on it before releasing it from my hot mouth. He was panting quietly with his hands on the edge of the pool table to keep him balanced. I carefully put his cock away before standing up in between his arms.

"How was that?" I asked him quietly, grinning. He shuddered slightly and grinned.

"It was amazing, like always." He muttered to me. I grinned wider and nuzzled into his chest. I took in his scent and sighed softly in happiness. I felt wonderful when he wrapped me up in his arms. I loved being around him and touching him. He made me so happy. I think I was in love.