 Author Note:

Again, I want to thank k5vreed, he has put up with a lot from me. He has given me ideas and also questioned areas of this story, has read and reread it every time we have corrected something. He is trying to keep me on topic, (for the ones that are waiting for certain chapters to come out, he has a rotation for me to go through, lol, he tries to keep me on track). But he found out my mind is a tough mind and I have already started writing another story when he told me just file it away for another day. When it was done 20 pages later, he found that I couldn't file it away for later. :)

For the edit police I found someone to send my stories to after k5vreed and I finish getting them together. So I am sending out a thanks to TesoroMio, she didn't know how far to go in correcting my stories, so this was the first one that I sent her. I am sure you will start noticing a different in my story, I know she is working hard on my past/present tense.

For the person that pointed out I named a neighborhood in my story as a city. It is now a city to me, I am not going to change it now, but I don't see me mentioning it much after this chapter.

Remember this is a work of fiction not a true story. I am sure I have other things wrong, hell I work in a library I am not a fireman (but my Dad was before he passed). So I don't even know if I have anything on that right. I can only do so much research to try to find out. I could go back and change things but again it is a story, I could have made up a fictitious town and everything, but I decided on New York. Hell, I couldn't even find a bar around the Engine 46/Ladder Company 27, but in my mind there is one. :) Do I know if they work 4 on and 4 days off, no.

I hope that you enjoy this addition of The Fireman and The Librarian, as always I do appreciate public and private comments.

Another note, a Dave and Leroy Chapter is coming soon and one short story. I have a writer's block on Jake and Toby, and I don't know what I am doing with Adam and Steve. So you might get a few short stories and Dave and Leroy Chapters before the other two.

FYI – No sex in this chapter.

*********

When Bill walked into the station at seven-thirty that morning, Chris wasn't far behind him. As soon as Bill saw Chris enter, he pulled him aside. "Hey, just going to say this once. I love my brother. I can see that you two like one another. Please don't hurt him, or you know what I will have to do." Then he clasped Chris on the shoulder and laughed, "You should have been sleeping with him last night instead of me. It was quite weird waking up with a boner in my backside." With that he laughed and walked away.

Chris just stood there for a moment digesting what Bill just said; he smiled and chuckled, then he went to the chief office to report in. Chris went to the bunk area and Bill was making his bed. "So I take it you stayed with Jasper last night," Chris said, smiling.

"Yeah, he can always sleep like the dead, but shit, he must have been thinking about you this morning." He laughed again. "Anyways, how was your time off?"

"It was good. Slept most of the time. When you have nothing to do, it is easier to sleep to make time go by."

"Need to make some friends then."

"Little hard to when I was shuffled around from one house to the next. Now that I'm permanently here, it may be easier. But at least I know I can stop off at the library a bit more now." Chris said with a smiled, Bill smiled too, but he was turned away from him.

Even though Bill didn't like that Jasper may be getting involved with a fireman, he was still happy that Jasper was getting out there to date. Bill wanted him to find love, and if it has to be with a fireman, then that is what it will be.

The calls came in and the guys went out. Jasper came by to see Bill on Friday. He didn't want to be too forward and ask to see Chris, when everyone knows he comes to see his brother every few days. When Bill came into the kitchen, he just smiled. "Do I need to go get Chris?"

Jasper smiled. "Not yet. I did come to see you too."

"Yeah, but I think I'm not the person you really want to see."

"I'm not going to take Chris over my own brother. Please just sit down and talk with me for a bit."

"Want some coffee?" Jasper nodded and Bill got them both a cup and sat down. "Did Mary come and get the car?"

"Yeah, and she left me some home baked cookies."

"You know she loves you more than she does me. She won't let me eat her cookies," he laughed. Jasper pulled out a container and opened it up to reveal cookies. "Woo hoo." Bill grabbed up a cookie and ate it whole.

"That is why she doesn't give you cookies. You don't know how to eat them right," Jasper chuckled. "But I did want to talk to you before I talk to Chris."

"What about?"

"Chris."

"Shoot."

"Will it bother you if I get involved with one of your coworkers?" Jasper was looking Bill in the eyes; he really wanted to know how Bill felt.

"Jas, I want you to find happiness. You can date whomever you would like. Now for it being a fellow fireman, it scares me. Not that I know I couldn't seriously hurt him if he hurts you, but you know this isn't a safe job. I would hate for you to lose someone you love."

"Bill, I love you and I could lose you at any moment. I understand it will be slightly different, that I would be in Mary's shoes if I got involved with Chris. Bill, I don't know what it is, but I really like him."

"If you are looking for my blessing, Jas, you have it. I have already done the older brother threat, so do you want me to go and get him, so you two can talk for a bit?"

"You threatened him?"

"Yeah, I've got to make sure if he hurts you that he knows he will be hurt." Bill smiled, laughed and went to find Chris. He knew he would be on his bunk. When Bill was told he had a visitor, Chris was reading a book. "Hey Chris, you have a visitor."

Chris looked over at Bill and got up and left the bunk room following Bill. He didn't even realize he still had his book in hand when he rounded the corner and saw Jasper. Chris walked to the table and sat down. Bill poured him a cup of coffee and sat it on the table. "I will leave you two. Jas, remember Mary wanted you over on Tuesday for dinner."

"Yeah, I remember." As Bill stole another cookie and left, Jasper looked at Chris. "Hi."

"Hey." Chris smiled. "Wish we could have talked more last night."

"Yeah, so do I. I'm sorry, that I stood you up. I didn't realize the time and when they asked me to work over a little. I didn't realize it cut that much into my night, until I saw the missed calls and texts."

"Jasper, no worries. Now if it happens again, then I would think you didn't really want to see me," Chris said while he smiled. "Would you like to go out Monday since your Tuesday is filled?"

"But you said you generally sleep the first two days off?"

"I do, but you could always come by and we could order pizza from around the corner." He was looking at Jasper and he had a funny expression on his face.

"Well, how about we talk about that over the next few days. Do you mind me stopping in here to see you?" Jasper smiled at him.

"That would be nice, but you know we could be out on a run when you stop in."

"I'll take my chances."

"Will I get to kiss you when you stop in?" Chris said with a smile.

"Don't know if guys here are ready to see that yet." Jasper smiled back.

"Well no one is in here right now." They leaned towards one another, but just before their lips met, the tones went off. Chris dropped his head and jumped up and ran for the engine room. Jasper could see everyone running by the kitchen.

Jasper looked down at the book Chris left on the table as he ran out and smiled. It was one of the Jack Reacher books. He was thinking it was nice that he finally met someone that actually likes to read. Even when he would date women, they usually didn't like to read. Jasper decided to leave Chris a note in the book since he was doing the absolute wrong thing to the book, leaving it face down on the table to save his page.

When the guys returned five hours later, they were tired, thirsty and hungry. They walked into the kitchen. Most grabbed a water and headed to the showers, but some stopped at the fridge to see if there was anything to quickly grab and were surprised to find a couple trays of sandwiches there. They sat them out of the table as they started grabbing for them. By the time the ones that went to the showers first made it back to the kitchen, one of the trays was already finished off. Chris saw his book sitting next to one of the guys and grabbed it up as he grabbed for a sandwich.

He saw the paper sticking out the top to mark his page. He just thought Jasper marked his page so he didn't bother to open the book. He took a seat next to Bill and they were all passing a few bags of chips to one another. "Can I look at that?" Bill asked. "I like his stories."

"Sure," Chris said and pushed the book to him. Bill picked it up and opened it. He read the book jacket and then opened it to the page that was marked and saw his brother's handwriting.

"Here this is for you, and you are on page one-sixty-four." Bill handed him the note.

Chris took the slip of paper from him and looked at it and smiled. "Will you put the book on my bunk if you head that way, I need to step out and make a call." Bill nodded and Chris walked outside and sat down of the bench in front of the fire house. Although the side that he was sitting on did get light traffic, he should be able to hear Jasper on the phone.

"Hello."

When he heard Jaspers tired sounding voice he realized it had to be late. He looked at his watch. It was after midnight. "I'm sorry. I didn't even look at the time before I called. Please go back to sleep."

"I'm up now, Chris. Please talk to me."

"Thank you. It was a nice note. It was your brother that found it though. I was just going to set the book on my bunk and go to bed in a bit after we all ate."

"You all just got back now?"

"Yeah, it was a restaurant fire, total loss, but it could have taken a hell of a lot longer to fight. The building collapsing help put some of the fire out."

"No one got hurt did they?"

"No, everyone was out of the building. By time we got to it, it was fully ablaze. All we could do is drown it with water. Other than being sleepy, how are you doing?"

"I'm good, Chris. I'm wishing we could have had that kiss this evening."

"Yeah, me too." Chris smiled. "I would love to see you tomorrow, but I would hate to have you come and find us gone or to have to leave out like I did tonight."

"Chris it wouldn't be my first time being left when everyone runs out for a call. I do come and see my brother quite a bit." Jasper smiled. "And it would be nice to see you."

"Well how could I deny you that?" Chris laughed.

"So I will call before I come. I know there is a chance that you could be on a run by time I get there."

"Okay, see you tomorrow. Sorry for waking you. Have sweet dreams."

"I'm glad you did wake me, thanks. Goodnight."

Before heading to bed Chris walked back into the kitchen to grab another water and found Bill was still sitting there. "How's Jas?"

"Good, I woke him. I feel bad. I didn't even think to look at the time."

"Chris, if he didn't want you to call, he wouldn't have left the message. Is he coming by tomorrow?"

"Yeah."

They both headed to their bunks. When Bill got to his, he found the container of cookies on his pillow with a note to share with Chris. Bill just smiled and sat them on his duffle under the bed. Once he closed his eyes, he was out like a light.

The next day Mary met Jasper at the subway station and they walked the few blocks to the fire station. When they walked up, the guys were washing the truck and folding the hoses. They looked tired, but they all greeted Mary and Jasper. Chris was refilling the first aid kits so he was in the storeroom. Bill was in talking with the Chief. "I will get Bill, but the Chief and he are having a heated argument right now."

"What about now, Jesse?" Mary asked.

"Nothing, just stupid shit as always. A wall almost came down on the Probie, and the Chief is the one that sent him in without someone else. He was coming in to relieve another guy, but there was a miscommunication. He went in the wrong entrance and almost bought it. He was trapped for a few minutes until we made a hole for him." Jaspers eyes were wide. Jesse didn't know that Jasper knew whom he was talking about.

"Is Chris okay? Where is he?" Jasper asked.

"Yeah, you know him? He is in the storeroom. He is reloading the first aid kits." Jasper knew where to go and walked away quickly. When he walked over to the storeroom he could see Chris with the door open. His face was covered in soot, but he looked unhurt. When he turned to walk out of the storeroom and their eyes met, Chris walked right over to Jasper.

"Are you okay?" Chris asked him.

"I was just going to ask you the same thing. I just heard about the wall."

"I'm here, Babe." He didn't mean to call Jasper that, but it came out, and there was no taking it back now. "I'm not hurt. I'm okay."

"But they said you were trapped."

"Only for a few minutes and it was more that I couldn't get out. I wasn't trapped under anything. I went through the wrong doorway; the stairwell had already collapsed and when I walked through the rest of it collapsed around me, and blocked off the doorway. I had to wait until someone could clear it to get out. I'm fine, really, I am." He could see the panic in Jaspers eyes. He wanted to pull him close and reassure him.

Bill came out of the chief's office still spitting fire, when he saw Jasper talking to Chris and then Mary with Jesse. "Ah shit," he said. He walked over to Mary and hugged her. "Hey Baby."

"Sweetie, what is this about Chris?"

"Nothing you need to worry about. Why don't you come with me to the lounge so you can rest? I don't want you getting upset."

"Are you trying to let on that I'm pregnant to everyone? I thought you wanted to wait until Tuesday to tell your brother?" She whispered to him.

"I do. I'm sorry." Bill said.

"What are you sorry about?" Jasper walked up behind them, while Chris finished doing what he needed for the truck check.

"Nothing, I'm always apologizing to Mary. You will find that when you and Chris get together that he will probably have to apologize to you for everything." Bill laughed.

Jasper shoved Bill. "Yeah, yeah Bill." Which caused Mary to laugh.

"Come on you two, let's go and sit somewhere comfortable." Bill led them to the TV room full of couches and chairs. Chris did not follow them, but went straight to the showers.

"Bill, go and shower. You smell like smoke," Mary told him.

"Yes honey, I will." Bill left them and ran to the showers where he found Chris. They just nodded to one another and continued to shower. Chris finished first and went back to his bunk to grab clean clothes. Bill walked into the bunk room a few minutes later. "Hey before I forget, the cookies I gave you were wonderful, if Jas asks." Bill smiled.

"Cookies? What cookies?" Chris responded and laughed, he saw the container when he was talking to Jasper and then earlier today when Bill was eating one. "Man, it's okay. I generally don't eat sweets much. But I will lie for you." Chris smiled.

"Here." Bill handed over the container. "I will get in deep shit with Jas, if I didn't really give them to you."

Chris just laughed and sat the container on his bunk. "Where are they?"

"TV room."

Chris went down first and sat on the couch opposite of Mary and Jasper. Jasper looked at him and smiled, then moved over to Chris' couch. Bill came in and sat next to Mary. There were a few other men with their families in the room. They could hear some in the kitchen. Jesse came by with his wife. "Jasper, you know I like you, and Chris you too, because we work together, but please no kissing with us around. We don't mind that you are gay or anything, but it is weird and there are kids running through." Bill hit him. "Ouch."

"Stop being an ass. They can do anything they please." Bill had been teaching his follow firemen over the last few years to accept men that are gay, because if they didn't, he would beat their asses. Most of the guys really didn't have a problem with homosexuality.

"Don't worry about it, Bill. It is okay." Chris responded.

"No man it isn't okay. You have just as much right to hold Jas' hand as any of these guys in here have to hold his girlfriend's or wife's hand." Bill raised his voice so everyone in the room could hear him. Nobody said anything after that. Chris just looked at him. He decided when they were alone he would have to ask about that, having never had anyone want to stand up for him before. Chris knew it was more for Jasper than for him, but he was still amazed.

They continued to talk for a long time. Chris and Jasper did hold hands. They would talk to one another for a while, then Bill would bring them back into Mary and his conversation. After Bill had brought everyone some coffee and Mary some water, Jasper looked at the water. "Mary, you love coffee."

"Yeah, but it has been messing with me lately, so I'm trying to give it up." Mary looked over at Chris, to try and change the subject. "So Chris, where are you from?"

"Not too far away, Eastchester."

"Really, I grew up there. Did you go to Tuck or East?"

"East, class of 2004."

"Wait, Christopher Allen Johnston, extreme geek and helluva track star?"

"GEEK?" Jasper turned to Chris, Chris smiled.

"Yeah, kind of."

"Kind of? You were the smartest guy in the whole fucking school, and you didn't show up for your Valedictorian Speech. Everyone couldn't believe you didn't show. What happened?"

"I just didn't show up is all. It was for the best." Mary didn't push him. She could tell that it bothered him that she knew who he was. "Anyone need a refill?" Chris got up and grabbed his cup. Everyone said they were okay, but Jasper got up to follow him.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, Jasper, I am."

"My Dad is the same way; he will have nothing to do with me either. If you ever want to talk about it, I'm here for you." Chris just smiled and pulled him by his hand out into the engine room; Chris backed him up to the wall and kissed him. "Wow, what was that for?"

"No reason." Chris smiled.

"Chris, can I ask you something?" Chris nodded his head. "You were a geek and you became a fireman?"

"Well, yeah, I didn't want to follow my father's footsteps after he threw me out, and I liked helping people out, so I decided to become a firefighter."

"What does your father do?"

"He is in finance, but it doesn't matter now, I love my job." Chris tried to change the subject by pulling Jasper back to him to kiss, but some kids walked in to climb on one of the fire trucks, so Chris and he broke apart quickly. They walked back through to the kitchen and found Bill and Mary standing there.

"Hey where did you two run off to?" Bill asked, both Chris and Jasper smiled. "Never mind." They sat at a table and Mary pulled out a few things from the bag she was carrying with her. "You brought cookies?"

Mary just smiled and opened the container. "You know you are just a little kid, Bill."

They all laughed and talked for a little while longer, until the tones went off and all the guys jumped up and ran for the trucks and left. All the families that were still there cleaned up what they had been eating or doing and left the station. Jasper walked with Mary back to the subway. "Do you mind if I accompany you home before I head home?"

"You don't have to do that Jasper."

"I don't have to, but I want to, Mary."

They took the subway to her station and he walked her home. He sat down with her for a bit and they talked about Tuesday. "Jasper, bring Chris with you."
