 Scott and I had grown up together, we were born just one week apart, we lived in the same street just two houses away from each other to be factual about it all, we went to pre-school together, to primary school and then onto high school. We were the best of mates, we were like that weird pair that always knew what the other was thinking.

Growing up Scott and I were in seperable, he would spend weekends at my house, followed by me spending a weekend at his – and due to our friendship our families grew closer together. 

Don't worry this is not one of those great mates turn into lovers stories, no there is a twist coming I just thought I would give you a bit of a background. The first part of this story takes place when Scott and I were both eighteen, it was a Saturday afternoon which meant Scott and I had just completed our afternoon football match with the local team and were about to hit the bar to start drinking.

Scott had been drinking a lot in the past months as after thirty years of being together his parents had separated, Scott had moved back in with his dad who had been doing it tough following the separation.

So after spending a good solid couple of hours at the local pub and both way too intoxicated to drive it was decided that I would spend the night back at his place and head home in the morning (by this time Scott and I had both moved away from the street we had grown up in). 

As we stumbled into his fathers place we could tell his dad had also been drinking, and although I had grown up to know Stephen as a joker he hardly even raised his eyes to me when we walked in. Scott and I made our excuses stumbled up to the room Scott was staying in grabbing a spare pillow and blanket from the linen closet on our way and settling down to pass out.

After passing out for a couple of hours I awoke busting to go to the bathroom, my head had cleared up tremendously from what it was a few hours earlier, as I made the bolt to the bathroom in just my boxer shorts.

As I came out of the bathroom I noticed the flickering light from the television, and made my way down to the lounge to see what was going on. As I stood at the entrance of the lounge room I could see Stephen (Scott's dad for those of you trying to scroll down quickly to the sex stuff) laying on the couch, his hands in his pants jerking himself off.

I looked at the television screen and saw an adult orientated movie flashing back at me, I stood amazed for a second – on the screen was a hot looking brunette lady being fucked by two guys... I then found my boxer shorts growing as my errection started to lift... I continued to watch and saw the threesome change around so the lady was sucking one of the guys penises, and to my astonishment the guy getting his penis sucked by the gorgeous lady starting sucking the other guys penis.

At first this turned me off and made me feel a little sick... all my life I had been into girls and loved being with them and I was about to storm off until my own penis in a matter of seconds was at full errection post.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Stephen pull his penis out of his boxer shorts and start stroking it, I was about to turn and go back to Scotts' room but just at that moment, just the moment I was about to turn and go – Stephen jumped as I must of breathed too hard and caught his attention.

"What are you doing there?!?" Stephen exclaimed.

"Sorry I was on my way back from the bathroom and got side tracked" I tried to explain.

" How long have you been there?!?" Stephen said embarrassed and starting to stuff his penis back in his pants.

"Not that long" I replied... Feeling guilty I thought I would try to make an exit and let Stephen get back to what he was doing.

"Want to watch the rest – the good stuff is still to come" Stephen said holding out a beer towards me.

I stood silent for a second contemplating – although I wanted to let Stephen do his thing he can always go to his room later and finish off and this movie has really got me wanting more. 

"Why not!" I said before I had weighed up all the pros and cons.

So I sat on the couch next to Stephen and continued to watch the movie, the further the movie went the hotter I was getting and I could tell Stephen was as well, he kept readjusting his boxer shorts – while mine were almost popping open I was that turned on.

Stephen asked if I wanted another beer, and I stood up offering to go get them to try and calm myself down – I went to the kitchen and got another four beers out of the fridge. When I returned I almost dropped them at the sight I saw.

Stephen once again had his penis out... stroking, I had once again caught him unaware – but this time I was much closer and could see the true length of it – I would say at least nine inches – now my penis is only six and a half inches and I had never seen a penis this big not even in the footy sheds – not that I was looking.

My jaw dropped wide open and the pure size of it – not only was it long it was also thick. 

"You want to touch it?" Stephen said with a smirk on his face, breaking my staring at his penis.

"Um... I am not that way inclined" I said still staring at his penis.

"That's fine I thought I would offer it seem you can't stop looking at it, you can sit down and have another drink if you want but I am not putting it away – this is my favourite movie and I plan to finish the job if you know what I mean" Stephen said.

I sat on the couch and opened another beer, even sipping I couldn't take my eyes of that monster – and between his monster and the three on the screen my penis was ready to explode.

I stared at his penis again – was it just me or is it growing bigger? I found myself wondering! Then before I knew it my hand reached out and wrapped around his cock – I felt him shutter a little before looking at me. I was so engrossed with it I just continued, I slowly stroked his cock, just like the girls had done for me in the past.

A soft sigh escaped from his lips, as I continued to stroke longer and harder strokes. I looked him in the eyes – I don't know what made me do it but looking into his eyes the lust inside me boiled over and I leaned over and took the tip of his monster penis into my mouth.

I slowly licked the tip of his penis, then took my mouth off and licked down the entire length of the shaft and back up finishing off with taking the tip into my mouth again.

I continued this another few times, before Stephen slowly started to stand up from the couch, thus forcing me to my knees on the floor.

Stephen balanced himself and slowly started to thrust his hips forwards and backwards, thus pushing his monster cock into my mouth to the back of my throat and back out. He continued to do this for several minutes before his entire length was well moistened. 

His thrusts then began to become faster and faster, I could feel his cock on the back of my throat at times making me gag, I could feel his balls slapping onto my chin as he began thrusting even harder and faster than before. 

He placed his hands on the back of my head and started guiding his cock to my throat, putting his monster deep into it, and back out, withdrawing the whole thing before continuing the process, I didn't know what was about to happen but on one of his last thrusts he pulled my head/mouth to his cock and pushed his monster in as far as it would go before I felt it orgasm and hot fluid, liquid shot down my throat.

I swallowed as much as I could but he just kept shooting his cum into my mouth.

His cock slowly started to go limp as he slowly came out of my mouth, ending with a pop as the tip came past my lips. I stopped him before he tried to hurry off and reached under his penis to his balls – I slowly took one of them into my mouth and sucked and licked it dry. I then took the other one into my mouth as I did this I could feel his cock slowly become semi hard as it starting to slap me on the side of the face. 

I kissed the tip of his penis again and took the whole length of the now semi hard penis into my mouth to clean him off.

Once I was satisfied he was clean I let his penis slip from my mouth, it was at that point I realised what I had done. I stood and said I was going to bed however just as I started to turn Stephen grabbed my arm...

"You can't leave me like this" he said taking a glance at his semi hard penis.

I didn't know what to do or what to think. But looking at his penis, semi hard, covered in my saliva made the lust in me fire up yet again. My hands dropped to his penis, as I looked him in the eye – I started to walk with his penis in tow. Stephen obliged and followed me as I led him to his room.

As we walked in he closed and locked his door. 

Once the door was secure and was definitely locked I turned to face Stephen as we embrassed in a passionate kiss, I felt his tongue darting in and out as our tounges twisted together.

After a few moments of our hands exploring each others bodies and both our cocks turning rock hard, Stephen forcefully threw me towards his bed. I stumbled. 

"Your a little cock slut aren't you" Stephen said in a nasty dirty sounding voice.

"Yes" I simply replied.

"You want some more of my cock in you don't you, you little slut" Stephen said in a somewhat aggressive tone.

By this point my sex drive was in over drive.

"Yes" I replied.

I heard Stephen open the drawer next to my head, he got out what looked like some sort of lotion. I heard a squirt, and then felt a cold liquid around my anus. 

"Relax. This wont hurt much, I will be gentle this time." Stephen said.

"What wont hurt much" I asked.

At that point I felt the head of Stephens' cock pressing against my virgin asshole. Rearranging himself behind me, to sit on the floor Stephen said.

"When you are ready just sit back – just remember the quicker you do it the sooner the pain is over." 

I thought about it for a brief second and nodded my head, letting Stephen know I was ready. I started to rock with Stephens' monster cock still at the entry gateway to my virgin asshole I took his advice and rocked backwards turning our complicated stance into a sitting position.

It hurt like hell, A loud scream of pain escaped my mouth – Stephen giggled a little. He sat quietly. Not moving at all – then slowly he began thrusting his hips upwards – plowing his monster cock deeper inside me with each movement.

After a few minutes the pain had gone and it was taken over by ecsatcy – sexual pleasure. Once Stephen felt I was comfortable he began to thrust his hips quicker and faster. I could feel his monster cock inside me and it felt great.

We continued like this for about fifteen minutes, fucking harder and faster before changing positions where I was over the bed with Stephen driving his hips until they touched my buttocks then pulling more or less all the way out and repeating.

Just when I thought it would never end – Stephen told me to turn around and open my mouth, with a loud plop he pulled his monster cock out of my ass. Just as I turned around and faced him and opened my mouth his hot jizz was flying out of his cock all over my eyes , my nose and into my mouth.

I once again licked and sucked him clean before sneaking back into Scott's room. Thirty minutes later the Alarm was going.

Scott woke me up, we had breakfast I said goodbye to Stephen and left.

" Scott out for weekend, Come see me this Saturday for Football Party" was the text message I received from Stephen later that day.