 Note from the Author:

I want to truly thank kv5reed, for all the insight that he has given me. I have been emailing back and forth with him about this story. He would question and comment on areas or even say to delete sections. I hope that our finished product is well received. This is only chapter 1, the first 27 pages of 71 written so far. (If you are wondering, this is why there are no updates to my other stories.)

Also want to thank Big Jon, he has also read it, but his only comment is, "where is more, you need to send more." :) Unfortunately I am not writing fast enough for Big Jon. :) I do work 8 1/2 hours a day with an 1 1/2 daily commute [funny thing is, I only work 20 miles from home, sucks living in a Metro area], and it doesn't help that Big Jon keeps distracting me with naked pictures of men :)

Again, I thank everyone for their comments public and private.

********

Chris Johnston was walking towards the fire station; he was more than an hour early for his shift. He is a floater, which means he is not in the same fire station; he fills in where he is needed. For the next four days he will be calling The Engine 46 and Ladder Company 27 his home. He has been working for the city for just under six months now, but has been a firefighter for almost six years.

Chris is six foot two and around two hundred and twenty pounds of muscle, light brown eyes, black hair cut close and a little bit of a five o'clock shadow, as much as he shaved it, it didn't matter he always had a shadow.

He just moved back to near his hometown after being away for the last eight years. He didn't want to leave his hometown but he had no choice, his father was mad at him and told him to leave and never come back. So he did, he called his friend Aaron and moved to DC to live with him until he got on his feet. He decided to take a two year course to become a Firefighter/EMT. He worked in Virginia for a little over five years before he got the urge to move back to New York State.

He had his turn out gear in a large duffle and had a smaller duffle with his change of uniforms, underclothes and bedding. He was walking from the subway when he passed a club and he heard a band warming up, he looked at the sign and it said that "Turning Point" plays there every Wednesday night. He laughed to himself because it was his brother's band, he was happy to see that his brother continued on with his dream, even though they haven't made it big, at least he hadn't given up.

Chris looked at his watch it was a little before nine in the morning he couldn't believe they would be practicing this early but he could hear the music and knew it was live. He walked up to the doors of the bar/club and they were open, so he walked in and stood in the back and just watched them practice. He noticed some men in the bar who were eating in the corner but he didn't look closely at them. He had closed his eyes while listening to the music, he didn't notice a woman approaching him. "Chrissy is that you?" Which made him open his eyes and jerk his head in the direction of the woman, he saw who it was and smiled.

"Hey Sara, I can't stay, I just saw the band's name outside and walked in, I better go."

"Chris, please stay." Chris looked down at the five foot two woman and laughed, she looked to be ten months pregnant. She was so round it looked like she was trying to hide a beach ball under her shirt.

"You let my idiot brother knock you up, Sara?"

"Yeah twice." She smiled at him. "I would love you to come visit and meet your nephew." She pleaded with him.

"You know that isn't a good idea, Dad would surely cut Jeff off his trust fund and then what would you guys do, he loves playing too much to get a real job."

"At least stay long enough to see your brother, he is about to end this set and rest for a bit."

It didn't even take that long, when Jeff saw who his wife was talking to he cut the song short and jumped off the stage. "You motherfucker, how the hell are you?" He came and grabbed Chris in a hug. "Damn it Chris, where have you been?"

"Virginia mostly, I moved back six months ago."

"Why didn't you contact us, why did you cut all contact and change your number?"

"One name - 'Dad'. He said if I contact you or Emily, you would get cut from your trusts, and I didn't want to risk that he was bluffing."

"That is bullshit man, you know Mom would kill him if he cut us off."

"He cut me off, she didn't stop him."

"He was just so mad; he wasn't ready to hear what was to come from his oldest son."

"He was never going to be ready for that anyway and he would have found out eventually. It didn't help that he walked in on Sam and I kissing."

"It was only kissing? Shit, he made it sound like you two were going at it hot and heavy."

"We were only standing there kissing, I didn't hear the door open to my room and then he was yelling at the two of us, and telling me to pack my shit. Nice graduation present that was, get the fuck out of my house and never come back."

"Mom went to the graduation ceremony to see if you would come, she has your diploma for you." Jeff looked at Chris. "Mom would love to see you."

"I don't think that would be a good idea, Jeff. Dad was clear when he told me to leave, he told me never to contact any of you again, I probably shouldn't have even walked in here. I just saw your band name and couldn't believe you were still playing."

"What are you doing for a living, where are you staying?"

"I live here in the Bronx, I am a firefighter, I am not stationed at one house yet, I have to wait for an opening, so I rotate from one house to the next for my shifts. This is my first time at this house, I will be here the next four days."

"Why didn't you move back home to Eastchester?"

"And risk being seen by Dad, no. I will pass. At least living in the Bronx I don't need a car, if I lived there, I would.

"Can I come down and see you tomorrow?"

"You shouldn't, but I know I can't stop you. I got to go and report in to the chief. It was nice seeing you little brother."

"Yeah Chris, my number is still the same, please call me."

Chris went to turn around and Jeff grabbed him up in a hug, he hugged back and then turned towards the door and froze. There stood their Father; Jeff immediately looked down because he knew his father will be going off his rocker. Chris looked at his father and then nodded his head and walked out.

*****

"What the hell was he doing here, Jeff?"

"Dad he was walking by and he saw my band's name and came in. He didn't seek me out, I swear."

"Remember you are not allowed to talk with him that was the last, remember that."

"Yeah Dad, I know."

*****

Chris walked the rest of the way to the firehouse and reported in with the chief. He was mad at himself, he should have never walked into the bar, he knew better than to contact his family. After getting briefed, he was directed to which bunk was his, which he made his bed and then placed his turn out gear in the engine room. He dropped the pants of his turn outs so they were around the boot ankles, for fast jumping into, he had his coat on the peg and his hat on a peg just a little higher.

He looked at his duty assignments he was due to make dinner for the crew that evening, so he needed to sit down and make out a list and see what they already had. So he went to the kitchen and opened the fridge and saw they didn't have much in there. He looked in the drink fridge it was full of water, milk, juice and pop. He checked the cupboards and there was rice, so he thought the easy thing would be cooking chicken and rice and a side of some type of veggie.

"Hey where's the floating Probie?" One of the guys was coming through the door of the kitchen. It was officially ten in the morning now, so Chris was now on duty.

"Hi, I am Chris."

"James, this is Harry and Tom. You will meet the others in a bit, they are still over at the bar eating breakfast."

Chris groaned a little, he hoped that bunch of guys in the corner weren't the other fireman, I am sure they got an ear full after he had left and his Father reamed Jeff out for talking to him.

"I see you are the dinner crew tonight."

"Yeah, I hope to make it to the grocery store in a bit."

"Yeah we will grab our gear in an hour or so and go, Tom is on lunch today."

Before they could make plans, the tones were going off in the building and then the voice came over the speakers stating it was a 4 alarm fire in a warehouse district. They were already running to the engine room to suit up and head out, the guys from the bar were just walking in, when they heard the tones and grabbed their gear and jumped in the trucks.

When their two tankers pulled up to the fire, the crew jumped out and immediately started pulling out the hoses, Chris was told to climb the ladder and spray the fire from above along with Tom. Two other guys were doing the same on the other truck. The others were hooking up their hoses at the hydrant to spray through the windows and doors of the warehouse; they were told no one was inside.

The blaze took several hours to contain, the warehouse was a total loss, by time they were just putting out hot spots, the roof had caved and taken some of the walls with it. When they finally were able to clear the scene it was well past six in the evening. They loaded the trucks back up with the hoses, lowered the ladders and headed back to the station.

"Hey Probie, what are we having for dinner?" Tom asked.

"Well, I still need to go to the store, was going to do chicken and rice."

"Did you leave your list on the counter when we got the call?" James asked.

"Yeah." Chris responded.

"Then the food will already be in the fridge, the Chief would have called his wife and she will do the shopping if we are at a fire and can't make it to the store."

"That would be nice."

They made it back to the house and checked all the hoses that were used, and folded them the right way and loaded them back on the truck. Then they finished their truck check for any supplies that were used. In the morning they will wash the truck, but right now everyone was tired and needed a shower bad.

"Hey Probie?" Someone shouted back to Chris.

"Yeah?"

"Heard you were gay?"

"Yeah, I am, is it going to be a problem?"

"Nope, just heard you were gay, just giving anyone else that might have a problem with it a chance to wait to shower is all. I'm Bill."

They all headed to the showers, no one seemed to shy away from Chris. He wouldn't have cared if they did. It wouldn't have been the first time that someone refused to shower when he was in the shower. Chris stripped at his bunk and grabbed his towel and headed to the shower, most of the men had done the same, a few just headed straight to the shower stripping off their clothes as they went. It was noisy as all the men were talking with one another and all the showers were running.

The chief stopped by the shower and told Chris that the dinner he wanted to prepare was in the fridge. Chris thanked him and left the shower to go get dressed so he could make the food before he had someone complaining they were hungry.

Preparing the dinner was easy, getting the guys to stop telling him that they hated chicken and wanted anything else was a pain in the ass, so he just left it on the counter for guys to serve themselves and ate and went to his bunk to sleep a bit.

Sleep didn't come, they were dispatched on a few more calls that night, one was a small kitchen fire, it only took an hour, then around midnight that night they had smoke in a building no fire. They had to go apartment to apartment clearing people out of the building until they found the source of the smoke. It turned out to be someone had forgotten eggs on the stove and they had boiled all the water out and each egg had blown up. What remained around the pan, the burner was burning and causing the smoke. The tenant had left his apartment to run for some smokes and forgot that he was boiling eggs.

Chris was thinking to himself as they loaded back in the truck to head back to the station that life in the city was never boring. When they returned to the station, everyone headed straight for their bunks and quickly fell to sleep.

The next few days went about the same, there were fires and rescues, not much sleep. They came back from another fire that took most of the day to fight, everyone was tired, but they did their truck check and made sure the hoses were still in good shape and folded them correctly. Some of them went straight to the shower, some went to the kitchen to eat. Chris chose both, he stopped in the kitchen and grabbed a sandwich that the Chiefs wife must have made and headed to the shower while eating it.

After showering, he went straight to his bunk and fell right to sleep. Someone touched him and he stirred from his sleep. "You have a visitor." The voice said, Chris just grunted and nodded, he sat up on the edge of his bunk and rubbed his eyes. He actually fell back to sleep sitting up, the person had to come back and wake him again. He put his pants and shirt on and started making his way down to the kitchen to where the voice said his visitor was.

Chris walked into the kitchen and was surprised to see his Mother, Brother Jeff and Sister Emily, they were talking amongst themselves while they waited for Chris to come down. Chris also noticed Bill had a visitor they were talking quietly in the corner.

"What are you guy's doing here?"

"Is that the way you talk to your Mother." She was smiling. "Chris, I am so sorry, Babe."

"Mom, it is ok, but don't get in trouble on my behalf." She hugged him, as did Emily and Jeff.

"Shit man, Dad can go and fuck himself. If I would have known where you disappeared to, I would have contacted you years ago."

"You were sixteen then, I didn't want to get you in trouble, and he told me to pack, I did and left."

"Honey, I still wish you would have stayed. I couldn't have changed your Father's view but at least I could have gotten him to let you stay."

"And you weren't around, when I needed a tough ass brother to beat up the boys that were after me."

"And you would have gotten mad if I scared off anyone that you were interested in. How are ya, Sis."

"I am good, it sucked not having you around while I was growing up."

Chris just looked down, he couldn't respond to that, because he was sad that he didn't get to see his sister grow up. He noticed that the guy talking to Bill was staring at him, he just smiled and turned his attention back to his Mother.

"Honey, if you just tell your Father that you aren't gay, he..."

"Mom, I am not going to lie just to get accepted by him. If that is what you want, I guess, we won't see one another either."

"I didn't mean it that way Christopher, just lie to him, I want my boy home."

"I can't Mom, if he found out later; the shit would hit the fan even worse. I love you, but I can't."

"Mom, hate to cut this short, but we are supposed to be meeting Dad at the restaurant." Emily informed her.

They all hug once more before they took their leave, but his Mom again asked him to lie so they could all be together and he told them again that he couldn't that it wasn't in him. He gave them his number before they left and then he was standing in the kitchen alone. He was just staring into space but at the guy that was talking to Bill.

He noticed that the guy was about five-eight, Bill and the guy had been standing for a while when Chris had first walked in but now they were sitting. The guy had a fair complexion, blonde hair, cut short but not as short as Chris'. He could see that he had blue eyes and a nice build. He looked similar to Bill, but Bill was six foot, blonde hair, cut short like Chris' and a bigger build, than the guy.

Bill called Chris over, and because Chris was off in his own world thinking it took Bill a minute to break through to him.

"Chris, I would like to meet my brother Jasper." Chris stuck his hand out to shake and when they shook hands they literally got a shock, they both laughed.

"Nice to meet you, guess one of us has a shocking personality." Chris smiled at Jasper.

"Yeah I guess." Jasper laughed.

"Well I would say have a seat Probie but you look like death."

"I just need some coffee that is all."

"Well, have a seat and talk to Jasper, and I will get you some, how do you like it?"

"Black, thanks." As Chris sunk down in the chair.

<><><>

"Bill, can I see you for a few minutes?" The Chief walked into the kitchen.

"Yeah, give me a sec." Bill walked over and handed both Chris and Jasper a cup of coffee and then went to talk to the Chief.

"Yeah, what's up Chief?"

"Was going to ask, what you think of the Probie?"

"Chris he is good and hardworking, seems to get along with the crew. Why what's up?"

"Was thinking about offering him the open position, I hate seeing a good man having to be a floater when he can have a department he can call home."

"Are you asking me to put feelers out in the crew to see what they think?"

"If you could, that would be great."

"Will do, Chief."

He walked back in the kitchen and noticed that Chris and Jasper we holding their own on chatting, so he decided to run through a few chew members to see what they thought.

<><><>

"So what do you do for a living, Jasper? Since you already know what I do." Chris smiled.

"My job is a little on the boring side, I am a Librarian at the New York Public Library down on Morris."

"I am sure it has its days for being interesting, you have to deal with the crazy public patrons. We just have to deal with them setting fires or doing other stupid stuff." Chris laughed.

"Yeah we have had our share of the crazies coming in." Jasper responded. "When you have some time, I can tell you some stories about them." He chuckled.

"Well I will have to take you up on that, on one of my days off."

"When is your next day off?"

"This is my last 24 hour shift, it will finish tomorrow morning at ten. But my first couple of days off, I am usually asleep."

"Yeah so is Bill, his wife hates it, but then she loves that he is home for four days then back here for the next four. I don't know how you all can do it, I know Bill has sometimes fought a fire for sixteen hours straight and then turn around and was sent on a smaller fire."

"It is because we love the job."

Bill came back into the room, he grabbed a cup of coffee ask if they needed a refill and sat down with them. They talked for a while longer, than Jasper got up and said he had to head out, he pulled out his wallet and handed Chris his card, telling him that his private number was on the back. Chris walked over to the kitchen area and grabbed a piece of paper and jotted down his number and handed it to Jasper. They smiled at one another and Bill led Jasper out of the building.

"Isn't that just dandy, trying to date one of my coworkers?"

"Trying, we didn't set up anything."

"And how did he know you were gay and that he is?"

"I overheard him talking to his mother, so I know he is gay, for me, I know he just knows."

*****

The last twenty four hours was a little calmer they were only sent out on a few rescue calls. Chris was packing up his gear, he had already stripped his bunk and packed his dirties, when the Chief asked him to come to his office when he was through. Chris went to his office and dropped his two duffels by the door as he entered.

"Yeah, Chief what's up?"

"I will cut to the chase, how do you like working here?"

"I like it here, Chief."

"Would you like to stay on, permanently?"

Chris smiled, "Yes Sir, I would love that."

"I will call down to Headquarters and see what I can do, I am sure they will let you know if a few days, but if you don't hear anything, give me a call by your third day off."
