 I couldn't believe my eyes. The man from my dreams was sitting in front of me. Right there. Flesh and blood. I hadn't thought he was real. How could he be? But here he was, and if the name on the office door was any indication, his name was Jayson.

God, he was beautiful.

I tried to focus, to remember why I was even here. But I couldn't. He seemed as stunned as me. What was this? What was going on between us? Who is this man and what does he have to do with me? Questions kept distracting me. I had to get a grip! I bit down on the inside of my cheek, the pain helping to refocus my mind.

"Hi, I'm Markus. I was sent down here to ask about a donation for the local youth shelter."

I stood there why he attempted to regain his composure. After a moment, I cleared my throat. That seemed to help.

"Oh, yes. Please, sit down. A donation? I have to run those by upper management. Let's look at the details."

I smiled, in the hopes that we would both relax. "Thanks." I took the seat across his desk from him. I did my best to ignore the tingling sensation that danced a crossed my skin. "Like I said, I was hoping your company could donate to the youth shelter I volunteer at. We are desperately underfunded and anything you could do would help." 

********

I scribbled notes on a sheet of paper in front of me. Amount he was seeking, the name of the shelter, what the funds would be used for. All the stuff my bosses would need to see before putting their stamp of approval on it. Usually if I thought it was a good cause and wasn't to much, my bosses would okay it. After, it's good for the company image and provides a tax break.

It was making me glad for all those years in college. I had become a pro at jotting things down while bring distracted.

He was taller than me, but not by to much. Six one, if I had to guess. His build was a bit bigger than mine too. Okay, decently bigger. God how I wanted to know how it felt to be held in those well muscled arms! Not to mention his beautiful sandy blonde hair and piercing emerald green eyes.

I felt electrified with him being here, and unless I missed my mark, he felt something too. Hopefully something very similar to what I felt.

I had to see him again.

"I'm sorry, but it appears that I missed your name."

"Markus." God, what a beautiful name! His voice was deep, but so smooth. Maybe he was an angel. How was I going to get to see him again? No way I could muster the courage to ask him out.

"So Jayson, should I stop by later in the week to check on the status of everything?"

"Uh, um... Yes. Friday. I should know by Friday." Fuck! I just stammered like a fool when he was solving my problem! Shit, I'm hopeless!

********

Damn he was cute as he stuttered. I could help as I left his office. I had wanted to shake his hand, but as he didn't offer it, it didn't happen. I know that I should have offered, but with my skin buzzing as it was, I wasn't going to move in. Might have shocked him. Literally. Not exactly the lasting image I wanted to create.

I wandered out of the building, a joy filling me. I couldn't remember ever feeling so... Content. Everything in the world seemed just so perfectly right.

I knew that the feeling wouldn't last, but I also knew I would go to bed with a name to go with the face that occupied my dreams for what seemed like forever.

Jayson...

In took a deep breath, letting the warm spring air fill my lungs, before I headed down toward the center. I wasn't scheduled to volunteer there today, but with a mood this good, you just have to share it. Those kids deserved some joy, so I would try to be a bright spot in their day.

********

I could only sit there as Markus left the room. I knee I should stand, shake his hand, see him out, but I wasn't sure I could move.

More than anything, I wanted to touch him, but I wasn't sure I would be able to stop once I started.

And I didn't even know if he was gay. Not that that stopped the thoughts of me tasting him from running through my head.

I couldn't ever remember any guy making me feel like this. I wanted him more than anybody else in my life. And not just his absolutely to die for body, either.

Now that the initial shock was wearing off, I found myself wanting to know everything about him. His past, his liked, disliked, views on every topic. I wanted to know every little thing.

The biggest problem was I had no idea. For as great as a people person as I am at work, I'm actually very socially awkward. There are rules at work. A proper way to ask questions. Hell, proper questions. In a nonwork setting, all bets are off.

Shit. Well, at least I have till Friday to figure this out.