 We were leaving from our fifth date; we had just finished eating at Dolce Vita. I sat in the passenger seat like always, watching him drive from the corner of my eye. We were going to his house for the first time and I was kind of nervous to go. We had made out a few times in his car since the first kiss, but what if he tries to take it a step further? I wasn't sure if I was ready for that or not. 

I noticed that we had pulled into a large parking lot surrounded by multiple apartment buildings. I glanced around and smiled slightly to myself. The place looked decent enough. I was sure that it looked better inside his apartment, however. Once he pulled into a parking space, I undid my seatbelt and climbed out of the car with him. 

"Ready to see where I crash?" He asked me as I walked around the car. I smiled and nodded at him, taking his hand. 

"Of course. Just as long as your other boyfriend left already." I jokingly said. He laughed and led me over to his door, unlocking it with his keys. With an amusing flourish, he swung the door open, showing me a modernly furnished living room and dining room. I grinned as I stepped inside, kicking off my shoes. It was very clean inside and everything had a certain order to it. I heard the door close behind me as he stepped inside.

"It looks great in here." I said as I slowly ran my hand over the black leather couch, stepping further into his home. I looked back at him to see that he was smiling widely.

"Thanks. I tried my best to clean it before I left." He told me. I nodded, carefully sitting on the arm of a recliner.

"Well, you did an amazing job." I told him, smiling softly. He returned the smile and walked over to me. With a gentle touch of my cheek, he delicately kissed my lips, leaving me breathless like always. I softly returned the kiss, closing my eyes and waiting for him to deepen the kiss. But it didn't happen. Instead he kissed my cheek before stepping back.

"Would you like something to drink? You look kinda thirsty." He said this with a slight smirk. I opened my mouth to say something snarky but I decided against it. Instead I closed my mouth and nodded slightly, hopping off the chair arm and following him into the kitchenette. Watching as he walked over to the refrigerator, I hopped up and sat on the counter, kicking my feet into the air. He glanced back at me and shook his head.

"Must you sit on everything?" He asked me. I smirked and nodded. This time I just had to make a comment.

"I'd sit on you if you were sitting down." I immediately bit my lip after I said it, and felt my cheeks flush red. His cheeks flushed a light pink and he stood up straight, walking over to me.

"You would, huh? And why's that?" He asked me, placing his hands on my knees. I glanced down at his hands before looking at his face.

"Because it looks like you have a comfy lap." I grinned slightly, staring into his beautiful eyes. He grinned back, leaning his face close to mine.

"Yeah? That's the only reason?" He questioned. I knew exactly what he was getting at. I felt my cheeks grow hotter and I looked away, covering my hand over my mouth to hide my smile.

"Maybe..." I muttered against my fingers. He eased my hand away from my face and his breath wafted against my cheek. He spoke softly into the air between us.

"What would be the other reason if there was one?" He asked me, his eyes boring into me. I turned my head slightly and looked at him.

"Maybe it would be to get closer to you." I said softly, turning my head slightly to stare into his eyes. That was when I realized that he was standing between my legs, his hands now resting my hips. I knew that my cheeks were already extremely red and would have gotten even more so if it was possible. I could feel his hips so close to mine and it was starting to make me squirm on the counter. 

"Well, we're already pretty close." He said airily, his lips close to mine. "Maybe, just maybe, you could wrap those delicate legs around me." He lips pulled back into a wide grin, as he watched my face contort into a shy smile. I heard myself giggle quietly and looked away for a moment, slowly wrapping my legs around his waist and pulling him closer. His hips were pressed against mine and I could feel him through our clothes. I bit my lip softly, trying not to think about it and how excited it was making me. I wrapped my arms around his neck and clasped my fingers together, looking up into his eyes. They had a bright glint to them, but I couldn't tell what it was.

"Anything else you think I should do?" I asked him, my lips still pulled into a shy smile. He grinned back and nodded.

"You could kiss me back." He said before leaning down and kissing my lips fully. I jolted slightly before quickly embracing the kiss, closing my eyes and pulling his head closer to me. He immediately opened his mouth and licked across my lips. I accepted into his tongue into my mouth and licked it back, shivering in excitement. I could feel him harden against my leg and my cheeks blushed furiously. His hands gripped my hips tightly as he pulled them closer to his, burying himself deeper into my leg. A quiet moan slipped out of my mouth and I felt his body shiver at its sound. 

His tongue left my mouth as he kissed along my jawline. I closed my eyes, and tilted my head to the side, as he reached my neck, licking and nipping softly. I curled my fingers into his hair, feeling him suck softly. I whimpered softly in pleasure, wrapping my legs tighter around him. I felt him groan against my neck and smiled softly, pulling him closer against me. I loved feeling his warm body against me and I wanted so much more from him. 

"Hey..." I whispered softly in his ear. He released my neck from his lips and looked at me in the eyes again.

"What? What is it?" He asked quickly. He was panting softly and I knew it was taking a great effort on his part to do this. I licked my lips and averted my eyes from his intense gaze.

"I'm, um, I'm ready for anything else you had in mind." I said shyly, glancing at him. He stared at me for a moment before his face split into a wide grin.

"Really? Are you sure about this?" He asked me. I nodded and stared at him.

"Yes, I'm sure." He nodded and kissed my lips again. I kissed him back, feeling him gently take my hands in his and slowly guide them down his body. I concentrated on where he was leading me, only half feeling the kisses on my face. I closed my eyes and bit my lip softly as I kissed my neck again, feeling my fingertips pass his belt. I halted my hands for a moment, glancing down at our laps. His erection was clearly visible through his pants and my hands were so close to it. I watched as I slide my hands down the rest of the way, resting one on his hip as I gently cupped the other one around the bump in his pants. He groaned against my neck and blushed again, slowly rubbing over it. It felt like a rock under my touch and it was extremely warm. Though I had one of my own, it felt different. It felt larger than mine and it probably was.

I closed my eyes again and focused on touching him, rubbing over the length of it with a gentle touch. His groans grumbled against my neck with each stroke, making me just as hard as he was. I decided that I was ready to see it after a few minutes of gentle stroking. With shaking hands, I undid his belt with some difficulty, loosening my legs around his waist. He leaned back to watch my hands, seeing that his own face was getting red. After undoing his belt, I unbuttoned his pants and slid down the zipper. I dropped my legs as I tugged his pants down past his hips, staring down at his covered erection. Just one last layer to go. 

Taking a deep breath, I slowly removed his boxers and stared down wide eyed at his cock. It pulsed in the open air and it was leaking from the top. I blushed slightly, staring at it before wrapping my hand around it. I slowly stroked it, watching my hand as he groaned softly. He tilted his head back as I stroked, grinning before leaning forward and kissing his neck. His groans grew louder and he wrapped his hands in my hair as I kissed and sucked on his neck, holding his erection slightly tighter. I pumped my fist faster along its length as his hot breath panted against my ear. His moans were loud and erotic in my ear. My own erection throbbed in the confines of my pants and I wanted to release it. But I had to focus on him first; it was his turn right now. 

I glanced down at his cock again and it made my mouth water. There was something about knowing that he was letting me touch it, and knowing that it was mine only to touch turned me on even more. And its impressive size made it worth the experience. With a final kiss on the cheek, I slid down from the counter and gently pushed him against the wall. He watched me closely as I continued to stroke his erection, but I gently kissed down his chest. Slowly making my way lower, I eventually dropped to my knees, staring hungrily at his cock. I wanted it more than anything at the moment and nobody was going to stop me from doing what I wanted. 

I opened my mouth and slowly eased the top of it in. Wrapping my lips around it, I licked up the leaking juices and moaned softly at the flavor. It tasted amazing and I just had to have more. Taking a few seconds to adjust, I slowly took more of it into my mouth, sucking softly on it. It took a moment to get used to it, but with all the groans and whimpers, it sounded like I was doing a good job. I only had about half of it in my mouth and it had already reached the back of my mouth; I couldn't take in any more. I wrapped my hand around the rest of it and rubbed over its length. I heard him groan loudly and I blushed softly, closing my eyes. 

I started to bob my head after a few moments, soliciting more groans from him. His groans continued to grow louder and more frequent as I brought him closer and closer to his orgasm. His fingers were curled tightly in my hair and his hips would thrust every once and a while into my mouth. I glanced up at him and grinned inwardly to myself. His face was flushed and his mouth was open slightly. His eyes were closed as he concentrated on the pleasure I was giving him, and he looked like he was in heaven. 

"I'm getting c-close..." I heard him stammer. I blushed deeply at the thought of him releasing his orgasm in my mouth, but my face got redder when I thought of him releasing it on my face. With a quick inner battle, I decided inside my mouth would be less messy. With a renewed lust, I greedily sucked on his erection and rubbed quickly over it. He groaned loudly and arched his back, gripping my hair tightly. With a mighty grunt, his body trembled as he released his orgasm, his salty cum filling my mouth. I swallowed it as it shot into my mouth, licking it up as it came. 

"O-okay, that's enough..." He said a few seconds after his orgasm, his cock throbbing inside my mouth. I reluctantly dropped my hand and with a final suck, released it from my grasp. I sat back on my legs, grinning mischievously up at him.

"I'm guessing I did good, right?" I asked him. He panted hard as he nodded and grinned. His hand stroked my hair gently as he nodded again.

"Oh yes, you did amazing." He said as he pulled up his boxers and pants. I grinned back and stood up, kissing his lips. He kissed back, his arms wrapping around me and his hands resting on my lower back. I stayed relaxed in his arms, however, and I closed my eyes. It was my turn and I would let him have his way with me. 

We deepened the kiss as his hands slid down onto my ass and he squeezed softly. I jumped slightly in his arms, moaning quietly into his mouth. He squeezed again and pulled me close against his body. My erection was throbbing against his pelvis, and it made me blush just knowing he could feel it. His lips brushed against my ear and I shivered as he whispered softly.

"Take off your clothes for me." I nodded quickly, taking a step back from him. With quick movements, I tore off my clothes and threw them onto the floor. In no time flat, I stood naked before him, confident in my nudity. His eyes roamed over my body before he leaned forward and kissed my lips hard. I moaned softly as his hands touched my body everywhere: my chest, my back, my arms, my thighs. I felt so excited that he could've made me orgasm just from kissing me. I clung to his body as he hands finally wrapped around my erection, pumping it quickly. I whined in pleasure, closing my eyes and blushing deeply. His hands were so hot around my cock but they were so soft, I just wanted him to keep touching me. His lips coated my bare skin in gentle kisses and I couldn't stop moaning.

"Please... Don't stop..." I pleaded him, lifting my head up and staring up at him with my lust filled eyes. He moaned at my stare and quickly kissed my lips, rubbing faster over my erection. I practically melted against his body, thrusting into his hands. I could feel my cock leaking and I knew my orgasm would come soon. He spun me around and pressed me against his body. One arm was wrapped around my waist as the other continued to pump my cock. His lips kissed over my ear and neck, his breathing loud and hot. He kept whispering erotic nothings into my ear, making me shiver with each comment.

"Come on, baby..." "Moan for me..." "I want to feel you cum..." He kept whispering to me. I whimpered loudly in pleasure and clung tightly to his arms, feeling his erection against my bare ass. It was all too much. I eventually released my load and came over his hands and floor. My knees shook as it shot out of my hard cock, my nails digging into his skin. I felt him wince but he held me close to his body, still pumping quickly.

"O-o-okay!" I stammered out, whimpering softly as he stopped and slowly removed his hands from my cock. He rubbed over my sides and stomach, softly kissing over my neck. I panted hard and closed my eyes. I hadn't had an orgasm like that in a long time and it took a lot out of me. I turned to face him and buried my face into his chest. He held me close and rubbed over my back. It felt amazing to be held by him and I didn't want to leave him. I think I might have fallen for him.