 I don't remember the first time I thought about it. It's just kind of been there, lurking in the back of my mind. I wonder what it would be like to suck a cock. This thought had been happening more and more lately. I'm not sure if it was my desire to try it was growing, or just the influence of the internet on my mind. 

I'm 30 and can remember having curious thoughts as far back as my teens. It all started the first time my High School girlfriend went down on me. I found myself thinking about what she was experiencing. My curiosity grew when I went to college and first started discovering internet porn. I was immediately attracted to blowjob and cumshot pictures and movies. Eventually my curiosity led me to watching bisexual threesome movies with 2 guys, and transsexual porn until eventually, on occasion I would watch gay porn. Recently I had found that it had gotten to the point where most of what I was watching was either tranny porn or gay porn, and if I was watching straight porn, I was thinking about what it would be like to be the girl in the scene. 

Up until last night that was the extent of my curiosity. Last night I was out with friends, and it was the usual good time. Lots of drinks consumed, and fun was had. I found myself returning home alone around 2am and in a particularly drunk and horny mood. I figured I'd watch a little porn, jerk off and go to sleep like most other times when I returned home alone from a drunken night. I found a hot movie of two guys going down on each other and while I was watching it, I felt this incredible desire, a need almost, to try it myself. 

At that point I navigated to craigslist and decided to post an ad in M4M in the casual encounters section. It was a simple post, I just said I wanted to suck a cock. Within 20 minutes I had received several responses. Most of which were worthless. There was one message though, that was friendly and included a picture of a very beautiful cock. I responded, and after several messages back and forth we agreed to meet in a parking lot of an old abandon Japanese restaurant that was about a 5 minute walk from my apartment. 

I couldn't believe what I had just agreed to. There was a man on his way to meet me with the sole purpose being for me to provide oral pleasure. The thought to not follow through crossed my mind about 100 times in the few minutes it took me to gather my things and head out to meet him. As I walked toward our rendezvous point I kept thinking to myself, I'm finally about to do this, I'm going to suck cock. The butterflies in my stomach were fluttering like they never had before. I was so nervous my leg was literally shaking as I walked. As I approached the parking lot, I could see his car parked as he had already arrived and was waiting for me. I paused for a moment, took a deep breath and thought to myself last chance to get out of here. Instead, my feet carried me toward the car. As I approached the passenger door I heard the automatic locks click as he unlocked the door. One last time I thought "I'm about to become a cocksucker" as I opened the door. 

I got in and looked at the man with whom I was about to have my first homosexual encounter. He was good looking, in his late 30's with five o'clock shadow and was wearing a t-shirt and rather short gym shorts. We looked at each other for a moment. I'm pretty sure I wasn't breathing I was so nervous. Then without saying a word, he slid he shorts down revealing his already hard cock. It appeared just like it had in his picture, about 6 inches in length, cut, cleanly shaved and rather thick. 

Without thinking about it, and probably still without breathing and a significant lump in my throat, I reached out with my hand and for the first time touched another man's cock. As my fingers wrapped around it, and for the first time I felt the warmth and the hardness of his cock, and yet the silky spongy feel of the skin. I stroked his cock a few times and let out a sigh. With that exhalation went all my nerves, all I was focused on was how wonderful his cock felt in my hand. 

Almost immediately I adjusted my position so that I was kneeling and leaned in and took the head of his cock into my mouth. My tongue circling around the head, my lips wrapped around his cock. I remember thinking at that exact moment, there is no going back, I can no longer say I've never had a cock in my mouth. I also remember thinking how good his cock felt in my mouth. The smoothness of the head and the way my tongue glided over it. Feeling the weight and girth of his cock in my mouth. Straining a little to open wide enough to get more of him inside my mouth. Feeling it slide between my lips. 

It was at that point the he spoke, the first time either of us had said a word. He started talking to me saying things like, "Yeah, that what you wanted isn't it. You wanted that cock in your mouth." Then I felt his hands on the back of my head, running his finger through my hair and guiding me on his cock. All the while calling me a cocksucker and asking me how much I liked it. I could only moan in response. 

Then he ordered me to suck on his balls. I pulled off his cock, and licked my way down, taking his balls in my mouth while I stroked his cock. That was also the first time I looked up at him. Seeing him look down at me, with lust in his eyes turned me on so much. 

At that point he pulled me up and kissed me. His tongue darting into mouth. This action caught me off guard as I had never actually thought about kissing a guy. My thoughts had always simply been about sucking cock. Kissing a guy was strange at first, feeling his stubble, the roughness of it, and the strength behind his motions. But the oddness of the difference faded quickly as lust and desire overcame it. I kissed him back while stroking his cock. 

We continued to make out, me stroking his cock, him struggling to release my cock from the prison that was my jeans. As soon as he got my cock free he broke our kiss and took my cock in his mouth. It wasn't long and I felt like I was about to cum. He must have sensed that because he stopped and leaned back offering his cock back up to me. I eagerly returned to sucking his cock. Trying to take him deeper every time I bobbed my head up and down. Sucking harder with each motion. Occasionally coming up for air and then feeling his hands pull me right back down. 

I remember the sweet taste of the precum leaking from the head. I also remember how he smelled slightly musty. I remember the sound of his voice as he called me his cocksucker and the feel of his hands on the back of my head. And then I remember those hands holding me in place, lips wrapped around his cock as he told me he was about to cum. I wanted to taste him. I wanted to feel him shoot his load in my mouth. I was stroking his balls while sucking him and I could feel them tighten. I felt him seemingly get harder in my mouth, and then I felt him twitch. That was when I got my first taste of his cum. Salty and bitter and thicker than I had expected. I tried to swallow, but I only was able to swallow some. The rest was escaping my lips and rolling down my chin. 

Once again he pulled me off him, but this time it wasn't for a kiss. He simply said thank you and nodded at the door. I said "it was my pleasure" and opened the door leaving his car and wiping his cum off my face. I was smiling as he pulled away and I began the short walk back to my apartment.

All I could think about on the walk home was about how I was a cocksucker. There was no going back. That and how long it would be until I got to do it again.