 I had been fantasizing about being with another guy for a long time but never acted on it. I decided it was time to look around a little and see what was out there; test the waters a little.

After making an account on several sex-related sites and posting short summaries of what I was into, the responses started trickling in. I described how I was inexperienced but interested in (slowly) getting to know other guys and letting them take advantage of me. The men online weren't really what I was looking for; most were very pushy, some didn't meet the criteria listed and there really wasn't any success.

After a long time, one man wrote me and sounded exactly like what I was interested in. He was tall, in shape, and wanted to be in charge. He had no problems with the fact that I was inexperienced and, in fact, was happy about it. He wasn't rude or pushy, but was dominant; just the way I had fantasized. We talked back and forth via email and then started chatting online. We were both cautious, but I found out he didn't live very far from me and that really sparked my interest. It made me a little nervous though, as things were starting to really happen and up to this point, it had all been just fantasy. 

We exchanged pictures (nude but didn't show faces) and then later on, he got me to strip for him on webcam. At first I was really nervous, but it turned me on so much. He wouldn't get on cam for me, but he would let me listen while he masturbated to me showing my self to him. He convinced me to fuck myself for him on cam, using a hairbrush or whatever was available at the time. It really turned me on and I loved showing myself to him and being his slave. I told him about my fantasies to be used by another man as a sex slave, but I told him I wasn't into S&M or pain or anything like that. I just liked the idea of being dominated and used for another man's pleasure. He was very interested and pushed for us to meet in real life to fulfill the fantasy. I started getting really nervous; I had never told anyone I was interested in guys and didn't want my family to find out. I lived alone, so there was no problem there, but things happen and it was just getting too real too quickly. I started getting uncomfortable and kept putting it off and eventually I just stopped messaging him. He tried to contact me many times but finally gave up... I thought.

It was a sunny Saturday morning and I had gotten up early. I was bored and didn't know what to do with myself, so I was sitting and watching TV in my pajamas when I heard a knock on the door. I wasn't expecting anyone, but it's not uncommon where I live to have solicitors stop by during the weekend. I went downstairs to the entryway and opened the front door. There was a tall man standing there, wearing a trenchcoat and a baseball cap. He said his car had broken down and he wanted to use my phone. I felt odd about it and a little nervous, but I agreed. 

As soon as I had let him in and closed the door, he turned and pushed me against the wall. I was so surprised, I didn't know what to do. His trenchcoat was hanging open and I could see he wasn't wearing anything underneath. He was fit and shaved clean, including his pubic area. His cock hung down limp, but was a decent size and of average thickness. I asked him what he wanted and he told me he wanted me to take my clothes off and get on my knees right there. I was scared, but I took my shirt off and reluctantly pulled down my pajama bottoms, leaving me completely naked in front of him. He told me to get on my knees and I slowly got down in front of him. 

I realized who he was and what he wanted... should I struggle or should I just comply... I didn't think he'd hurt me, but I couldn't be sure. I decided to go along with what he said, just in case, hoping that he wouldn't hurt me if I followed his orders.  

Once I was on my knees, he must have started feeling that he was succeeding, because his formerly limp penis was slowly growing and throbbing. He put his hand around it and slowly slid it up and down in front of my face, which brought him to full attention. His cock was long, but not too thick and not too thin, with a large head. The head of his penis was swelling up and purple and I could see the precum forming from the slit. He told me to put my hands behind my back and open my mouth. My head was spinning; I was frightened, but also very aroused, my cock was hard and my heart was beating fast. I complied with his orders. 

He rubbed the precum from his cock around my mouth and then carefully slid his cock into my mouth. I could feel the velvety smoothness of it on my tongue and taste the saltiness of his precum. He put his hands behind my head and slowly stroked his cock in and out of my lips. 

At first I was very passive but as I became more aroused, I started to work my tongue around his cock every time it filled my mouth. He couldn't fit it completely in, but only a little more than halfway. I started softly sucking and he moved faster and faster, fucking my mouth. He started raising his face toward the ceiling and breathing heavier; I knew what that meant. 

I had tasted my own cum before out of curiosity but never another man's. I knew that would change quickly. He started breathing heavier and faster and finally pulled my head onto his cock and held it there without stroking anymore. I could feel it tense up, then pulse with long hard throbs... then my mouth was filled with cum. He must have been very turned on, because it kept spurting more and more. I never knew a man could produce that much cum but my mouth was almost full and it was still coming... I held on and I finally felt his cock start to soften. He pulled it out of my mouth slowly and I was going to spit out his cum, but then I thought he might be angry; if I swallowed it, he might think I've given in completely and he had won. 

I swallowed the whole load, something totally new to me, and opened my mouth to show him it was gone. He smiled and told me to clean him off. I bent forward and used my tongue to clean the rest of the leftover cum from the tip of his cock. He told me to swallow that as well and I did as he told me to. At that point, I wasn't sure what would happen; he had gotten his wish, now what would he do with me? He grabbed me by the arm and told me to get up and take him to the bedroom.

When we arrived at the bedroom he told me to get something he could tie my hands with. I started getting really scared because he had gotten his way; what else did he want from me? I found some rags and he ripped them up and tied my hands behind my back. He pushed me down on the bed on my back. 

After turning on the TV I had in the bedroom, he laid down next to me and, while watching a show, started running his hands over my body. I had never had another man's hands on me and being totally at his mercy, I felt violated. He slid his hands down my naked body and down my stomach, to the top of my pubic area. He casually slid his hand down my cock and between my legs, feeling my sack and spreading my legs apart. He started to rub his hands softly up and down my penis until I began to respond. I couldn't control it, but my cock became hard and he stroked me until I was rigid. He wiped the tip of his finger across the head of my penis and made me suck my own precum off of it. After a few times of this, and his finger being slick with precum and saliva, he rolled me on my stomach and slid his finger into me. I gasped at this, as I had never been penetrated by a man before, in any way. (I had fucked myself with toys or other objects at his request, but always alone.) I was embarrassed and felt completely helpless. He fucked his finger in and out of me and as he did it, I felt his cock harden against my side. He pulled his finger out and went to the bathroom. 

After washing his hands, he returned with a bottle of lubricant, which I assume he had hidden in his trenchcoat. He grabbed some pillows and shoved them beneath my stomach and hips to raise my ass into the air. My ass, cock and balls were exposed to him from behind and my knees were on the end of the bed; I was fully at his mercy. I felt him come around behind me and step in between my feet. After a short while, I felt a cool wet drop of gel in between my ass cheeks, then I heard him rubbing the lubricant on his cock. 

I was really nervous; would it hurt? I had fucked myself with objects before, but they were relatively small and it was at my own pace; I had no idea if he'd be gentle or rough. I begged him to be careful and to take it slow; I told him I'd never been fucked by a man before. He laughed and said I had told him that before many times. He said he wouldn't hurt me if I obeyed and relaxed. I tried to relax as best I could and as I did, I felt his cock spreading the KY up and down the crack of my ass. He finally stopped the head of his cock over the entrance to my ass and slowly began to push. 

I could feel him enter me and my body stretching to accept him. I was glad he wasn't too thick; I wasn't sure I'd be able to handle him. His head inside, he slowly slid deeper until I felt his hips pressing against my ass. I couldn't believe it; he was completely inside me. I felt so full with him in me and I was so turned on; I had to hold back from cumming myself. He waited a second after fully penetrating me and held onto my hips, probably admiring how deep he was and how he had full control over me. He began to thrust in and out of me slowly and gently... 

I was lost in the feeling; I couldn't believe another man was inside me and using me as his fuck toy. He had one hand on my hip and another on my shoulder, pulling me back onto his cock with every entry. My legs were weak and I was shaking, both in shame for being so controlled, but also in ecstasy. He moved one of his hands from my hip to my cock and started slowly stroking me. With him inside me and handling my cock, I was on the brink. I told him I was going to cum and he began to stroke me faster, while fucking me faster as well. 

I felt a wave of orgasm over me and shuddered; I moaned loudly and uncontrollably. He laughed and wrapped his other hand around my waist while he caught my cum in his hand. As his cock was constantly moving in and out of me, he pulled me closer to his hips with one arm and shoved my own cum into my mouth; I was so weak from the wave of pleasure, I couldn't do anything to resist. He told me to swallow it and I did, licking it all from his fingers. He started to breathe heavy and I knew he was close; at that point, I wanted him to cum in me; to make me his fuck toy. 

I began to push back against his cock in support while he fucked me and he moved both hands to my hips to assist my movement. He moved faster and harder and his hips slapped my ass over and over; then suddenly he stopped pumping and roughly pulled my hips back against him. It was like he was straining to get as deep as he could in me; then I could feel his cock throbbing hard and long. He moaned loudly and I couldn't believe it; another man was actually cumming inside me. 

I felt a rush of warmth in my ass and felt his cock throbbing hard, over and over. He kept me held tight against his hips until he finally collapsed on my back, his cock still in me. After a few minutes, I felt him get soft and slip out of me; then I felt the cum oozing and running down my balls onto the bed. He got up and grinned at me, then thanked me for the good time. 

As he walked out the door, he said to me "wouldn't it have been easier if you had just agreed to meet the first time?" I had to disagree... I thought it couldn't be any more perfect the way it turned out.