 This is the second chapter of a story about two eighteen-year-old guys and their first sexual experiences together.

*

Rubbing Sean all over while kissing him was driving me wild! I just had to have his cock. I broke our kiss and quickly moved down to engulf his cock with my mouth. I didn't even get a really good look at it, but I knew I would have plenty of time later. As soon as I started sucking, Sean let out a moan. Luckily, I had the stereo playing, but I still no one else in the house hear him. In many ways, I didn't care since I was driven crazy by desire for him. After what must have been a couple minutes, Sean asked if he could suck me, and I moved so we could 69. It felt even more incredible having a cock in my mouth at the same time he was sucking mine. I almost couldn't believe it was happening! I started shaking all over and moaning softly and I felt and heard Sean do the same. I knew it wouldn't be long before I came, and I warned him in case he wanted to pull off my cock. He didn't, so I kept sucking and soon I could feel my orgasm hit. It was totally mind blowing, especially when I felt his come hit the back of my throat. We were both moaning and shaking, swallowing each other's come the best we could. 

When my organism finally subsided, I turned back around and began kissing Sean again. He still had a little of my come in his mouth, and I let the come he shot in mine mingle with out tongues. We kept kissing, and soon I felt my cock grow hard again. Then his cock became hard as well, and I started rubbing my cock against his, kissing him all the time. It didn't take us long to come again, and this time we shot our loads onto each other's cocks and belly's. Smiling, he told me he wanted to sleep in my arms and I said I wanted to, but first I had to turn off the lights. After I crawled back into his arms, we kissed and hugged until we drifted off to sleep. 

Sometime during the night, I woke up and realized I really had to pee. So I carefully crawled out of the tent, put on my robe and walked across the hall to the bathroom. When I return, Sean was still sleeping soundly, so I just cuddled up with him until I fell back asleep. 

In the morning, we both woke up around the same time, and Sean announced he had to pee. I told him to use my robe, and when he returned, I asked him what he wanted to do next. He suggested we shower together, and since it was early in the morning and my family was used to sleeping in, and said it should be fine. So we both went into the bathroom as fast as possible, and while I pulled out an extra towel for him, he hugged me from behind. I could feel that his cock was hard again, and that made me hard, so I turned around and kissed him, our cocks pressing together. But I knew I'd better start the shower, or I'd be tempted to go at it then. Once the water was ready, we both entered the shower and began kissing, caressing, and then soaping each other. Sean kept grabbing my ass and I took a good look at his cock. It was longer than mine, but thinner, so I whispered that he could fuck me in the ass if he wanted to. His cock seemed to jump, literally, at my suggestion, so I soaped it up and then put a soapy finger in my ass. I then knelt on the floor of the tub, letting the water spray over my back. Soon, I felt his cock poking at my ass cheeks, then my asshole. To my surprise, he slipped his cock in right away, and I moaned partly in pain but mostly in ecstasy. He pumped in and out and I could feel his balls slapping against my ass cheeks. I moaned and then he moaned and I felt him shaking as he cried, "Oh my God, I'm coming! I'm coming!" I couldn't feel him shoot, put when I turned around, his cock was dripping.

"Now it's your turn!" he said, and turned around. I was still hard, so I quickly soaped up my cock, and helped him soap up his ass. It took a little longer to get my cock inside, it being so thick, and at first I thought maybe it wasn't going to work. But eventually, we got it in and it was incredible! I knew I would probably come faster than he did, and sure enough, it took only a few pumps. 

When it was over, Sean turned and said, "I was just getting to enjoy it when you came." I apologized and said there'd be other times. 

"You better hope so!" he exclaimed and kissed me hard.