 We leave the restaurant and I'm already horny as hell but filled with a happiness and contentment, I know the sex is going to be amazing tonight. Over dessert drinks, a nice Moscato wine, I'd told you I love you. Your face was amazing in the candlelight, your gorgeous eyes alive and filled with an electrical charge when I'd said it. You'd reached across the table and grabbed my hand, kissing it gently. Your other hand slid under the table and you ran it as far up my leg as it would go. You squeezed my knee and rubbed it gently. That was the signal. It meant "let's go now! I'm horny and I want you!" I was already feeling the same. I quickly paid the check and left with your hand in mine, a kiss on my neck driving me wild. At home, we undress as we make our way to the bedroom. I light some candles and turn to you. I wrap my arms around you and draw close.

Your kiss is gentle at first, closed-mouth and prim. You resist slightly when I try to part your lips with my tongue and we continue to kiss gently. Your hand finds my leg and slowly moves up toward my inner thigh, your kissing growing more passionate now. Now, it's your tongue parting my lips and finding its way into my mouth; I run my hands through your soft hair, the scent of hairspray and perfume. Your hand lightly brushes my growing excitement and I gasp slightly, you chuckle between kisses and moan softly. I run my hands up and down your chest, feeling your heartbeat growing more rapid by the second. I now move my hands up and down your back, sliding under your shirt and feeling your bare skin, warm and beginning to goose bump. We are kissing like mad now and I know at this moment: I want nothing else other than you. I slowly lay you down on the bed, parting your legs with my knee. You stop kissing me and move to my neck, playfully biting it and teasing me with your tongue. I moan in pleasure and press myself up against you, I can feel your own excitement against my stomach. My jeans feel too tight but I don't want to take them off yet, I want this moment to last forever. 

"Take off your shirt" I growl.

Your hands, which were exploring my back and ass, go straight out and I peel your shirt off. Your body is so hot that I can barely resist the urge to take you right then. I kiss your Adam's apple, my hands running over your chest and I lightly squeeze your nipples as they harden between my fingers. I run my tongue down your chest, stopping to taste your nipples with my tongue, a small sound of ecstasy as I suck on them. I start rubbing my lower body against yours. I can feel you are hard and ready now, your tight pants bulging with your glorious, thick cock. I know it must be torture to keep you waiting all bundled up like that. I know you must be dying for my touch, my tongue. I know you're imagining how tight I am, how good it will feel when you slide all the way in. I love how you taste; I can't get enough, as I run my tongue up and down your chest and side. I unsnap your jeans and slowly slide down your zipper with my teeth and you thrust your bulge into my face. I move back up, my tongue leading the way, and begin sucking your neck. I run my hand over your cock, still in your underwear; it jumps slightly at my touch and I can feel the wetness of your precum, which drives me wild. I can't wait to taste it. I nip your earlobe and we go back to kissing. You tease my lips with your tongue and then pull me close, your tongue going into my mouth. I moan and press even tighter against you. 

"Oh my god", I think, " I can't stand this any longer," 

I kiss you once more and run my tongue down your body. I swirl it around your belly button as your hands run through my hair and down my back. I slip my hand into your tight underwear and tease your cock again, my fingers come back slick with precum. I lick it off greedily. 

"Take 'em of!," you command 

I tear your pants off and toss them across the room, a slight wind when they hit the ground causing the candles to flicker. Your face and body look irresistible in the candlelight. Your bikini briefs can't contain your throbbing cock so I take them off too. Your cock twitches and jumps again and I can see your whole body before me. The urge to have you inside me almost uncontrollable. I bring my hands from your chest and lightly brush my fingers against your cock; you moan and begin to dig your head into the pillow. I can barely make out you whispering "yes, yes, yes" over and over again. I move down the bed and kiss your ankle, running my tongue up your leg to your inner thigh this time, and then I, with the lightest touch, run my tongue over your balls. 

"Oh my God!" you cry out unexpectedly.

This is pushing me closer to just shoving you inside me. I want to feel like your dirty bitch right now, your sex toy. But I can't, this isn't like this. This is for love, for the first time it's for love. I suck on your balls and kiss them, running my tongue down them and under them, going as far toward your asshole as I can. I slide my tongue up your shaft, your hands pulling my hair. I take off my belt and unbutton my pants and go back to swirling my tongue over the tip of your cock, hard and wonderful. I put your legs into the air and starting at the head of your cock, slide my tongue down. I go over your balls and down to your waiting asshole. I run my tongue over it, blow on it, and thrust my tongue inside. I lick and flick wildly (but all I can think about is you inside me) and you are pushing your ass against my tongue. I run my tongue back up your balls and shaft. I work the head like a Popsicle now, and your precum tastes just as good as I imagined. I deep throat you, taking you all the way in my mouth, my hands lightly cupping your balls. Your hands are now running all over me as you thrust your cock deeper in my mouth. I stop and look at you. I know I can't take it anymore. I grab the lube from my dresser drawer and open it with my teeth. I let it drip directly on your cock and you cry out again. I get you covered and slick. I stand to take off my pants and boxers. Naked now, you grab me by my cock and draw me to you. You sit up slightly and begin sucking me off. I lovingly stroke your hair and play with your nipples. You continue this for a few minutes and I'm close to finishing. 

"I'm gonna come baby," I manage. 

You deep throat me and begin to fondle my balls. 

"I'm coming" I try to say but can't.

I can see the orgasm like a bomb with a four second timer. Tick, tick, tick, tick. Detonation. I come explosively in your mouth, my cock at the back of your throat. I look into your eyes and cry out, barley aware that I am moving back and forth, fucking your mouth. You swallow and I slide out of you, your lips causing unbearable ecstasy to shoot through my entire body. I climb back on top of you. 

"Fuck me. Now." I say between breaths.

You throw me off and guide me to all fours. 

"Let me get a condom," you say but I can tell in your tone you don't want to wear one.

I want you in me bareback, as far as it'll go. Thrust deep and hard. 

"Ride me bareback," I say looking at you over my shoulder.

Not for the first time, I am struck by your incredible beauty. I nudge my ass against your dick. You growl and slide slowly inside me. I am comfortable quickly and in less than ten seconds, I feel you go all the way in me. I scream in pure, unadulterated pleasure. 

"OH GOD FUCK ME!!" I yell at you and you begin to move faster.

Your hands on my hips as you quicken, pounding me like a madman. Your cock feels incredible as you go to full depth again, again, again, and again. We switch positions, you on top of me so I can see your face. Your sweat drips down from your forehead onto my chest and it's getting me hard again. I feel you inside me and it's like a junkie getting a fix. You move faster, our rhythms coming together, I dig my nails into your back. My only wish is that you could go deeper. 

"Harder, harder, harder," I say to you and your pace quickens.

I want you so fucking bad, I can't take it. I begin to jerk myself off as you are frantically thrusting inside me. I kiss you roughly and you put your head down and go even HARDER! Oh my God, this is incredible. I wrap my legs around your ass and push you against me. I love when you fuck me like this. 

"I'm. Coming. Baby," you struggle to say as you fuck me like crazy. 

You put your hands flat on the bed, on either side of my shoulders, and go faster. Your head thrown back you howl as your come explodes inside me. This and your hot cock in my ass makes me come again, shooting myself in the face. I can still feel you pumping inside me and I still try to push you deeper inside me. You collapse on top of me and I hug you tight to me. I kiss your neck and ear. I don't want to let you go, I want you stay inside me as long as possible. We're panting as you lay on top of me and I still want you. When you do slide out of me, I feel so empty and lost. I can't wait until next time. I want your cock in me in as many ways possible. I watch your hot ass as you walk away to the bathroom. 

"I love you," I whisper.

You turn, pause, and say "I love you too." 

I smile and hug the pillow tight against me. The man I love was inside of me, he's part of me now. This thought as my eyelids grow heavy and I wait for you to come cuddle with me. With your body against mine, my love and post-orgasmic glow washing my problems and troubles way forever. You are returning now, you kiss me on the forehead, the hair still plastered to it. The last words before you lay your head on my chest and fall asleep: I love you. Saying it back like a drug, a wave I could ride forever. And I know that I have defined perfection.