 A few months ago I was home alone one night when the doorbell rang. It was my partner's eldest son Tim. He had a large overnight bag in his hand and, by the look on his face, was obviously not feeling great.

"Hi Tim, what a surprise" I said, "come on in." 

Minutes later we had sat down and started chatting over a cup of coffee. Nervously he began to tell me that he had just told his mother he was gay and she had thrown him out. I was surprised, I had never thought for a minute of Tim having the same tendencies as his father. 

"Have you been experimenting with other guys?" I asked him. 

"No" replied Tim, "I've been out with girls and had sex with them but don't get very stiff unless I think about men." 

"Well, you're more than welcome to stay with your Dad and I for as long as you like," I responded.

"That would be great, I really need some time to sort myself out," Tim said.

I showed Tim to his room and left him to unpack while I went about other things.

His Dad and I had been living together for a couple of years. Like me, he had also been married for a long time before realising there was nothing like sucking on a stiff cock or having one shoved right up his bum. He was a nervous type of man and I had the more dominant role in the relationship. 

Over the next week or two Tim started to relax and feel more at home with his Dad and I. It was on a weekend when his Dad was away on business that it finally happened. I heard Tim get out of the shower and go into his bedroom. I needed to have a shower myself so walked down the passageway to the bathroom which was just opposite his room. There was Tim naked standing in front of the mirror playing with himself. Immediately, I started to feel my own cock becoming erect and strain against my pants.

My mind was racing with thoughts and possibilities and knew that I would be his first. I remember the first time a man touched me, he was a much older man and, knowing it was my first time, was very caring and attentive. 

To feel your cock and balls being stroked by another man that first time is one of the most erotic and stimulating experiences you can have. I remember that first time well. He slowly undid my pants, let them drop to the floor and then slid my undies down my legs where they also dropped down to he floor. When he touched me it was electric. Gently he picked up my cock stroking and caressing it. Almost instantly, it became rigid with the head starting to leak pre cum.

It was at that moment I realised what I should have been doing all along. It felt so manly, so masculine. I knew that the rest of my life would consist of letting other men play with my cock and the more the better. I yearned to feel his hard cock violate my bottom and thrust hard so that I would feel his hairy balls hard against me. I didn't last long that first time. When he reached behind me and started fingering my anus it became too much and I spurted out my cum all over his hand and arm. I can still feel the intense relief and pleasure, finally knowing my true place. 

I stood looking through Tim's doorway and my mind was in conflict. I so desperately wanted to be Tim's first but what about his Dad? How would he feel if he found out? In the end I decided to let nature takes its course and walked in.

Tim looked around as though he was expecting me. 

After stopping momentarily I walked over to him and reached out for his stiff hairy cock. His arms were hanging down at his sides and he arched his back thrusting his pelvis out. His cock was about average length but very thick with a very large mushroom head. Like his father his cock was surrounded by very thick dark hair. I started affectionately stroking his cock up along the length of his shaft. I held his balls in my other hand rolling them around and pulling them gently down between his legs and back up again. 

"Ooohh," said Tim, "that feels so good, please don't stop." 

"It's so good to see you all worked up and stiff," I replied. "Just relax sweetheart and let me do all the work." 

Tim continued to moan and was very vocal. "Oh, you have made my cock very stiff, please put a finger up my bottom"

I didn't need to be asked twice. After wetting my finger with saliva I slowly reached around and probed his opening. It was looser than I expected. As I was later to find out, this was a result of him fucking himself with a dildo on a regular basis. My finger slid deep into his back passage and I started pushing it in and out, in and out. 

"I've been waiting for this for so long" Tim said, "can you please fuck me?"

By this time I was reading to explode. I took him by the hand and bent him forwards over the bed. I stood there for a moment. It was one of those erotic moments when you see someone for the first time in all their glory. Tim was bent right over with his elbows resting on the bed. His legs were apart and through them I could see his large youthful balls hanging down. Like many young men Tim's body was almost hairless. Hairless that is except for the thick hair surrounding his balls and continuing up anal cleft. 

I was feeling so horny I couldn't wait any longer. Here I was about to bugger a young man for his very first time. It would be his initiation into a new world of sex of the masculine kind, where he could let go and enjoy the pleasures of man-to-man sexual relations without any feelings of guilt whatsoever. 

I walked forward and put my hand gently on his lower back. The poor lad was so excited he was trembling. 

"Are you a bit nervous," I asked. "It's okay, we're all bit that way the first time, I'll be very careful." 

Conveniently there just "happened" to be a tube of lube beside his bed. I reached over and squirted some over my stiff cock and massaged some into his bottom. I pushed my hips forwards sightly and started sliding my wet cock and balls along the length of his crack preparing Tim for the next step. It was heavenly sliding up and down his slippery bottom. Going all the way along until my balls were pressing hard against bottom and then back down again till the head of my cock was about level with his hole. 

"Ooohh, you cock feels nice and warm," said Tim.

"It's going to feel a lot warmer soon," I quickly replied back.

After a while I lowered the head of my penis to his hole and carefully nudged against his virgin anus. It started opening and with a gentle push or two it plopped inside. I stopped for a short time to allow Tim to get used to the sensation. He felt tight and warm and smooth inside and I could feel his slippery ring nestling around the base of my cock head. It felt so good that I knew I would have to be careful not to cum too soon. 

I started to fuck him. With long even thrusts that went all the way in so that my balls pressed hard against his cheeks and then slowly all the way out so that only the head was inside Tim's body. I reached around with one hand and started alternately masturbating him and playing with his balls. 

"Uuuummmm," said Tim, "yeeeeesssss, that feels so very nice." 

By now, Tim was starting to hump back and forth to meet my thrusts. I was still playing with his balls and stroking his hard cock along the length of the shaft. His body was shaking with the overwhelming pleasure he was experiencing and I knew he was ready to cum for the first time with an erect penis up his ass. 

"Oooooohhhh," said Tim, "This feels sooooo goooddd", I'm going to cum, I'm sorry, I can't help it." 

"It's okay Tim, don't be sorry, cum whenever you like, I want you to cum all over the bed," I replied. 

I started fucking for all I was worth. All of a sudden Tim stopped humping back and forth. His body became rigid and started shaking. He was starting to climax. His penis was slick and slippery with all the lube and I was masturbating him harder and harder. Each time I reached the head I made sure I lovingly tickled his frenulum with my finger.

"Uuuuhhhh, uuuuuhhhh, uuuuuhhhh, oooohhh, yeeeesss, yeeeeessss," was all Tim could say. 

With that Tim's cock started throbbing, spurting out big, long awaited jets of cum all over the sheets. I felt his penis throb each time one of the six thick ropes of cum came out and landed noisily on the bed. 

Knowing that I need not hold back any longer I started to cum hard up inside Tim's bottom in long luxurious spurts. 

Exhausted, Tim slumped down onto the bed. In unison, I fell forwards onto Tim's sweaty, muscular back. I could feel his bottom contracting for the last few times as he continued to breath hard, recovering from being fucked. I was also breathing hard, and could feel my heart beating. My cock was still penetrating Tim's anus and I was suprised when I realised that it was still erect. 

I lay on top of Tim for some minutes, savouring the exquisite sensation of my balls being completely drained of cum and, at the same time, feeling the silky smooth walls of his hole caressing and nurturing my hard but sensitive penis. I was beginning to feel horny again. 

I looked up and gased at the wall above Tim's bed where a painting of a country road with tall trees and rolling hills in the background hung. 

It was an idylic scene which mirrored my feelings at that moment. 

In the end I knew it was time. You always know when a moment has ended or, more correctly, should end and that time had been reached. 

Slowly, I stretched out my arms and lifted myself up. In doing so I arched my back so that I could watch my cock withdraw from the snug confines of Tim's bottom. Slowly,I pulled out. The skin on my still erect penis was glistening with the mixture of cum and lube on it and made his anus pucker as it came out. 

I knew this wasn't going to be the last time, it was only the beginning.