 We had experienced a complete server failure, shutting down our engineering department. As the computer coordinator I was tasked with getting the system back on line as soon as possible. A quick review of the system lead me to believe that it was our main cluster which was down so I headed over to our tech support group for help. As luck would have it the department was closed for training and as a last resort I called in support from our cluster supplier.

Within an hour Steve showed up with his own technical staff, Marc and Chuck. I explained to Steve on the way to the server room the severity of the problem and stressed that our entire engineering department was down and what ever had to be done had best be done quickly.

After looking at our system for a few moments Steve asked jokingly “Do I get a kiss if I have you running in two hours?” 

My response was “Kiss you? If you can get it up in an hour I’ll blow you.”

I was a little surprised when with another laugh he offered his hand and said we had a deal. Shaking his hand I returned to the department to update the staff on our progress. Within twenty minutes Steve called me back up to the server room.

As I entered the room I could see the first of the clusters coming back on line. Steve explained that he down loaded a Novell patch and we should be fine once all the clusters were brought back up. 

As Marc and Chuck typed away on the keyboards Steve turned to me and looking at his watch said, “I think you owe me a blow job. I’d like it know if that’s ok with you.”

When I told him I would owe him Marc spoke up to remind me that I did shake hands and make a bargain with them. The room suddenly seemed very quiet as I first tried to determine if he was serious and secondly had the plural been intentional. I looked over the three of them. Steve I had known for a few years and was in his 40’s, tall with an athletic build, which was turning to fat, light brown hair and a goatee, married. At the moment he was leaning back against a desk, legs spread slightly, staring intently at me. Marc and Chuck were seated at the keyboards. Marc was early 30’s, medium height and build, dark complexion, dark hair and single. Chuck was very tall and thin, early to mid 20’s with light blonde hair and a boyish look.

Not knowing if he was serious or not I deciding to play the moment out without committing myself and told Steve that if he wanted a blowjob he would have to produce. My thinking was that he would refuse. To my surprise he opened his belt, unzipped his pants and pulled out his semi hard cock. 

Stroking his cock in front of me he asked, “Now what about that blow job?” 

A quick glance around the room showed me Marc and Chuck staring at the two of us, looks of shock on their faces but hands gripping their crotches. Returning to Steve I dropped to my knees, reached out and grabbed his cock in my hand.

With a low grown Steve stepped closer, his cock growing harder in my hand. By the time I bent to run my tongue along the head his cock was a fully hard 7”, thick and with a very large mushroom head. 

As I stroked his cock and ran my tongue over the head and along the shaft I could hear Marc say, “Oh fuck, he’s going to do it. He’s going to blow him.” 

The audience seemed to make the whole experience more exciting as I took Steve’s cock into my mouth and started slowly sliding my lips down his cock. The large head was spongy and seemed to fit all the contours of my mouth as it slid along my tongue, my lips sealed around his thick shaft.

As I slowly moved my lips up and down Steve’s cock I could hear him tell Marc and Chuck, “He’s good at this, better than my wife is. You’re going to love it.” 

The knowledge that I had two more cocks to suck before I was through increased my passion and grabbing Steve’s balls in my hand I began sucking harder and faster on his cock. At this Steve dropped his hand to my shoulder holding me steady and began pumping his hips, fucking my face hard, driving the head of his cock deep into my throat. He seemed to enjoy the feel of me choking on his cock and the more I gagged the harder and faster he pumped it into my mouth.

I could hear Marc and Chuck moving up to stand by us as I sucked Steve’s cock in front of them. As they neared I could see that both had their pants open and were stroking. Marc let out a load grown and said he was cumming. At that I felt hot sperm splash onto the side of my face. I dropped Steve’s cock and turned to Marc in time to receive his second load on my face. Swallowing his cock I took the last two or three shots of cum from his cock, sucking until he softened in my mouth. While sucking his cock I realized just how small he was, about 4 ½” long and thin. After the throat pounding Steve was giving me Marc’s small cock felt perfect in my mouth.

Before returning to Steve’s cock I looked over at Chuck to find him stroking a piece of meat at least 2” longer than Steve’s although not quiet as thick. As I took Steve’s cock back into my mouth he grabbed my head and drove his cock as deep into my throat as he could. No longer content to fuck my face he seemed to now want to rape my throat. His cock seemed even longer and harder, the head rigid and stiff on my tongue as he screamed out and started to blow his load deep into my mouth. Gagging and spitting up cum he held my head steady on his cock as he continued to slide his cock in and out of my mouth.

Gasping for breath, cum running down my face and off my chin, I turned to Chuck. Seeming to understand Chuck told me “It’s ok, this won’t take long” as I slide as much of his 9” cock into my mouth as possible.

True to his word it was not long before I felt his cock grow harder and the head grow bigger in my mouth. The vein started pulsing along my lower lip and with a moan he began pumping a third load of cum into my mouth. As I swallowed his cum I forced more of his cock into my mouth letting him feel my throat muscles squeeze the cum from his cock as I gagged and choked. 

Sitting back on the floor I slowly wiped the remainder of Marc’s cum from my face as I looked up at the three men. Steve was busy stroking some more life into his cock and I told him that I couldn’t suck anymore cock right now, my throat was to sore. As I got to my feet he complained that he got the system up in 20 minutes and thought that he should get a bonus. 

Laughing I said, “Not today, I have nothing more to give.” 

At that Marc ran his hand across my ass and asked, “You sure you have nothing more?”

Steve’s cock seemed to spring to life in his hand and both Marc and Chuck’s facial expressions turned to looks of hunger and I began to wonder how much say I really had in the matter. I explained that we had no lube and I could not take them without it. At that Chuck asked if I could take Marc without lube. “Maybe” was my only response. I was torn between my twin desires, one to leave now and the other to further please these men sexually. The more I thought about the three of them fucking me, the harder my cock became. With trembling hands I opened my belt and began stripping down. Off came my pants, then shirt, socks and boxers. Turning to Marc I dropped back down to my knees and began sucking his cock again to get him not only hard but also as wet as I could.

I swallowed his cock to his balls and keeping it in my mouth began licking the head and shaft. His small cock did not so much as grow bigger in my mouth but did stiffen up until he was hard and began pumping his cock into my mouth and getting close to blowing his load. Stiffening up Marc groaned, “Get over the desk,” and pulled his cock from my lips. Quickly standing I turned and bent over the desk spreading my legs for him. As he moved up behind me I tensed up as I felt his cock rub along my ass expecting some pain as he entered me. Surprisingly between my saliva on his cock and the small size he managed to slide his cock fully into my ass on the first stroke. Even a cock as small as his felt large in my ass as he began fucking me, tentatively at first and then grabbing my hips driving into me with short hard strokes. Slamming into me hard and groaning, “Oh fuck, oh fuck” he began to cum, filling my ass with his sperm. I could feel his cock jumping with each spurt and the cum, warm and thick as it began to drip out along his cock. With a few more strokes he was done and pulled his cock out of me.

Steve was instantly behind me rubbing his hard cock along my ass. I let out a loud moan as he drove the big head of his cock into me and began to fuck my ass in the same manner as he had fucked my mouth, hard and deep. He seemed intent on driving his cock into my ass and out my throat. With each thrust my feet would leave the floor as he buried his thick cock into me. My ass seemed to heat up as he fucked me in contrast with Marc’s cooling cum which was dripping down my legs. I began squeezing my ass around his cock and moving back into him, riding his fat cock and asking for his load deep in my ass. I could feel the head of his cock expanding in my ass, growing thicker and harder as he was getting ready to blow his load. Bending over my back he whispered, “Here it comes” and holding himself deep in me began to pump his cum up my ass. With each spasm of his cock I could feel the burning of his cum as it coated my raw ass cooling the fire. Finally finished with me he slid his cock from my now full ass.

As Chuck stepped up he asked me to roll over and lay on the desk. Pulling me back towards him, he stepped between my legs lining his long cock up with my now very open and dripping asshole. Looking down into my eyes as he entered me he asked, “Do you like this, do you like my cock up your ass?” Instead of answering I wrapped my legs around his back, arched my hips and with a loud groan pulled him into me. Chuck began to fuck me with long slow strokes moving almost all of his 9” cock in and out of my ass. Reaching down and grabbing my cock he began to stroke me in unison with his own strokes. Soon we were both panting, looking for release. As his strokes intensified and his cock became thicker and more rigid in my ass I could take no more and my cock exploded in his hand. This in turn sent him over the edge and he began pumping his creamy load deep into my ass until he collapsed on top of me. We lay that way for a few minutes, entwined, his cock still deep in my ass, as we caught our breath. Finally, slowly he pulled back from me letting me feel the length of his cock slid out of my ass followed by a steady stream of hot, thick cream.

It took us quiet some time to get cleaned up enough to be able to leave the server room. Part of me was hoping that somehow, one or more would decide that they were not yet finished with me but they seemed to be drained. Saying goodbye and accepting their thanks for an interesting afternoon I headed out to my car and home to get changed and cleaned up before my wife arrived from work.