 Tom and I had been friends for several months. We worked at the same business park, and were in the same carpool with a couple of other people who worked there. I had started bicycling a couple years before, and when I told Tom about it, he said he'd been considering getting a bike so he could get in shape. I told him I'd love to ride with him if he decided to get the bike. He did, and we started riding together three or four times a week.

I had been wanting to start lifting weights, so I joined a nearby gym. I asked Tom if he'd like to workout with me, and he said he would. He joined the gym, and we got in the habit of lifting before work a few times a week. We were both tall and slender to begin with, and after a few months of lifting weights, we had decent muscle definition and six-pack abs. We also found our friendship growing stronger as we spent more time together. 

The best part of working out with Tom was the fact that we were in the locker room together. The showers were private, but we dressed and undressed in view of each other. Now, we were both happily married men, but I'd been sexually attracted to Tom since the first time we met. I was excited when he agreed to workout with me, because I had fantasized what he'd look like naked. I wasn't disappointed. He had the most awesome chest and ab hair I'd ever seen - fairly thick, with a prominent love trail that led down to his beautiful cock. His cock was a bit bigger than average, and his balls hung nicely below. I had to concentrate to avoid getting an erection.

One day, on the way home with the carpool, Tom said he was thinking of going on a three or four hour bike ride that weekend, and asked if I wanted to join him. I said I wanted to, and would let him know once I checked with my wife. It turned out that I was free on Saturday, so I told Tom I'd join him for the ride. We decided to meet at his house at 8:00 to start the ride.

On Saturday morning, I put on my biking clothes, then hopped on my bike and rode to Tom's house, about 3 miles away from mine. When I arrived, his garage door was open and one of the cars was gone. Tom was standing in the garage, and when he saw me, he motioned for me to bring my bike in. I rode my bike in and dismounted. 

"Good morning, Clay," Tom said, "Come on inside for a few minutes."

"Hey Tom. Okay." I said.

I couldn't help looking at Tom's crotch. I loved the way his cock and balls bulged in his tight biking shorts. When I looked up, he smiled and opened the door into his house, hitting the button to close the garage at the same time. I followed him inside. Tom shut the door, then said,

"I really need to talk to you, Clay."

"Sure, what's up?"

"Well, we've gotten close over the past several months. You're the best friend I have."

"Thanks, Tom. That's how I feel about you, too," I said.

"Well, I don't want to jeopardize our friendship, but I'm physically attracted to you."

"Wow," I said.

"I'm sorry, Clay. You probably hate me now, don't you?"

"No, not at all. Honestly, Tom, I'm physically attracted to you, too."

"Really? So, if I asked you to have sex with me..." Tom began.

"I'd do it," I said.

"Well then, will you have sex with me?"

"I'd love to," I replied.

"Have you ever done it with a man before?"

"A few times back in high school. How about you?"

"I had a buddy in high school that asked me to fuck him. That got me started. We were pretty regular for a little over a year until we graduated."

"Sounds nice." I said.

"It was. Anyway, let's go downstairs." Tom said.

Tom led me down the stairs into his basement, and down the hall to a spare bedroom. The bed had been covered with an unzipped sleeping bag.

"I thought it would be better to stain my sleeping bag than to leave stains on the bed that my wife would see." he said.

"Good idea. Where is your wife, anyway?" I asked.

"She took the kids to see her parents. It's a two-hour drive, so we have plenty of time."

"Great. How do you want to do this?"

"I was thinking it would be hot to 69 the first time, then share our cum afterward. Does that sound ok?" Tom asked.

"Yeah. Kiss me, Tom."

Tom turned to me and placed his hands on my shoulders, then brought his lips to mine and kissed me gently. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him tight. I thrust my tongue forward, and Tom's mouth opened, letting my tongue in as his tongue entered my mouth. I ran my hands up and down his back, enjoying the feeling of his muscles through his tight biking clothes. Tom's hands ran down my back and stopped on my ass. He pulled me tight against him, ramming my erect cock against his.

After a few minutes, Tom started pulling my jersey up. Our mouths broke contact as we worked my jersey up over my head, and we did the same with Tom's. We pressed together, kissing once again. The feeling of Tom's hairy chest pressed against mine was something I'd fantasized about often, and the real thing was even better. I kissed Tom even more passionately, and he responded likewise.

Over the next few minutes we managed to get each other's bike shorts down around our ankles. We stepped out of them, and moved slowly to the bed. I pulled my mouth from Tom's and began kissing his neck gently. Tom did the same, and we gradually worked our way down to nipples, then abs, and then, finally, there was Tom's throbbing cock. It was about 7" long, and moderately thick. The tip was oozing precum. I stuck out my tongue and licked a slow circle around the head, then I put my tongue in the hole and wiggled it like I was trying to get my tongue inside. Tom moaned loudly, and I felt his tongue slowly licking down the front of my cock. I moaned.

I continued to play with the head of Tom's cock, and I soon felt Tom's mouth engulf my whole cock. I moaned loudly as I placed my lips on the tip of his cock, then parted them and slowly slid down his shaft. The tip hit the back of my throat, so I angled my head better and pushed forward, fighting my gag reflex. Tom's cock slid into my throat, cutting off my air. I constricted my throat like I was swallowing and pulled back slowly. Tom moaned loudly and let my cock fall from his mouth.

"Oh fuck, Clay, that feels incredible," he said, then continued working on my cock.

I spent the next several minutes trying to give Tom as much pleasure as possible. I savored the ample precum that flowed from his cock as I worked the most sensitive areas with my tongue. I felt Tom doing similar things to my cock, and soon I was ready to cum. I intensified my efforts on Tom's cock, hoping to drive him to orgasm as the same time. The pressure in my loins built up higher than I'd ever experienced, until there was only one place for it to go. I tensed as the muscles contracted, and moaned loudly as semen blasted from my cock into Tom's mouth. Tom worked the tip of my cock faster with his tongue, driving me wild. At the same time, I felt his cock pulse in my mouth as semen gushed onto my tongue. I worked his cock harder, trying to prolong the pleasure for him. 

Orgasm seemed to last longer than normal, and when it finally subsided, I carefully let Tom's cock slide from my mouth. I rolled Tom onto his back then straddled him, placing my hands next to his shoulders. I lowered my head and aligned my mouth above his. He opened his mouth, and I could see my cum inside. I opened my mouth and let his cum dribble down into his mouth. Then I kissed him and sucked all of our cum into my mouth. I raised up and once again let it all dribble into his mouth. We kept that up for a few minutes, then kept our mouths together and we kissed deeply until we gradually swallowed every drop. When it was gone, I rolled onto my back next to Tom.

"Oh fuck, Clay. That was the most intense sexual experience I've ever had." he said.

"For me, too. I love you, Tom," I said.

"I love you, Clay. I hope this is just the beginning of an even closer relationship for us."

"I'd like that. I think it was the only thing missing in our relationship, and now we have it.

"So, do you want to go on that bike ride now, or would you rather stay here and play."

"Play, definitely," I said. "I want you to fuck me."

"I'd like that," he said. "Do you want me to get a condom?"

"No. I don't want anything between us, if you're okay with that. I want your load inside me."

"I'm fine with that. Kiss me, lover."

We rolled to face each other, and began kissing deeply. We kissed and rolled around on the bed for several minutes before Tom's cock hardened again. I rolled onto my back and raised my thighs. Tom moved into position and began probing forward with his cock. The tip brushed my rectum, and I felt the wetness of Tom's precum oozing from it. Tom worked his cock around my rectum, getting it good and wet, before pushing gently forward. I relaxed, and the tip barely penetrated before stopping. Tom pulled back, I relaxed more, and he pushed forward again. It took several tries, but finally the thickest part of his cock cleared, and Tom's whole cock slid inside me. Tom held there and said,

"Oh Clay, this feels so good. I've wanted this for a long time."

"Me too," I said. "Make love to me, Tom. Take as long as you want. I want this to last."

"Gladly, lover."

Tom brought his mouth to mine and we resumed kissing as he began thrusting gently. I lost myself in the pleasure of having my best friend inside me. I felt closer to Tom than I had ever felt to any other person, even my wife. It felt so right, like it was meant to be.

Tom fucked me on my back until he was almost ready to cum, then pulled out and had me get on all fours in front of him. After he cooled down a little, he quickly entered me again, thrusting a little harder this time. He again pulled out when he got close, and had me lie on my back with my ass on the edge of the bed. He grabbed my legs and pulled my ass up to his cock. He entered me again. This time when he pulled out, he had me stand in front of him and bend over. Then it was back on the bed lying on my side. Next I was face down with him on top of me. After that, Tom pulled out of me and asked,

"Are you ready for the big finish?"

"Yeah, I want your load, stud." I said.

"Will you straddle me and ride my cock until I cum?"

"Fuck yeah, then I can shoot my load on your chest."

"I like that idea."

Tom laid on his back on the bed, and I straddled him and lowered myself onto his cock. I slid up and down hard and fast, squeezing his cock hard. Tom moaned loudly with pleasure, and started jacking my cock. After all the stimulation on my prostate, it didn't take long before I felt the onset of orgasm.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum, oh fuck, OH FUCK!!!" I moaned.

"Me too. I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'M CUMMING!!!" Tom gasped. 

Tom thrust hard up into me. I felt his cock pulse, and at the same time my muscles contracted around his shaft as semen blasted from my cock. The first wave hit Tom's chin, and the rest hit his chest and abs. Meanwhile Tom was still thrusting hard into me while shooting his load. I felt his cock get wetter from his semen, making it feel even better sliding inside me.

Orgasm subsided, and I leaned forward to kiss Tom, my semen spreading between us when our chests met. We kissed gently as Tom's cock went limp and slid from my ass. I could feel Tom's semen dripping down my crotch and onto my scrotum. I loved how it felt.

"Tom, I've been waiting for that all my life. I love you." I said.

"Me too, Clay. I love you."

"Want to go on a short bike ride now, then come back here for more?"

"Sounds good."

We put on our bike clothes without wiping the semen from our bodies. I loved the wet feeling as the padding in my shorts absorbed Tom's semen as it oozed from my ass, and the feeling of my semen on my chest, making my jersey wet in places. The smell was incredibly sensuous. As we started to ride, I knew we wouldn't be gone long.

That was over two years ago. Tom and I have sex as often as we can, given the circumstances. Sometimes it's just quick blowjobs, sometimes we manage more. I may write about some of those in the future.