 It all started with our fantasy role-play. I love to play the submissive and bow to my wife's dominance. She will sit on my face telling me how she would humiliate me in front of her lover. She enjoys telling me about her strong black boy friend with his huge cock and balls full of black seed. Calling me her little fluffer, I will be made to get him ready for my wife, being forced to kneel in front of him, sucking him off while she holds his cock to my lips. The thought of my wife with the contrast of her white hand and the ebony of his huge cock is such a visual turn on for me that it makes me cum. Of course, this is all role-play for us, as my wife would never put up with involving an outside party in our bedroom.

I can't seem to get this vision out of my head and my main search for porn lately has been to look for black cocks, I even joined a web site called 'Club Omega' which preaches black superiority saying all white marriages should start by a black fucking the bride on the honeymoon. I have been masturbating to the thoughts of sucking my wife's black lover and then sucking the sperm out of her while he watches.

I was down town on business when I noticed one of those X-rated video stores. I entered to see if they had anything interesting and saw they had private booths to view them. I paid my money and picked a booth at random, it was dark until the screen lit up the tiny space. I was intently watching my selection that being a black man fucking a white woman and rubbing myself through my trousers when I voice startled me. I turned around in fear and for the first time noticed a hole in the wall. There was a large black cock sticking through the hole and a voice from the other side was telling me to suck it. I dropped to my knees and held it in my hand, as I started to rub it I heard the man moan. I leaned forward, kissed the tip, and felt the rush of eroticism through me. I had never held another man's cock let alone touched it with my mouth and it felt so anonymous and naughty not knowing who cock I was handling. There was no going back now I had to put in my mouth and began to suck and slobber all over it. I had no warning when he came just all of a sudden; he erupted choking me with his volume of seed. I tried to swallow but he was coming so fast it was running out my nose and mouth on to my suit and tie. It happened so fast I didn't even think about the taste, I cleaned him up with my tongue and then his cock disappeared from the hole. I pulled my own cock out and as I sat on my knees a jacked off with a furry.

I left the video store in my cum covered suit and tie embarrassed and humiliated by my actions vowing never to return. It was the most erotic thing I had ever done in my life and it became my obsession, not only did I return many times to the video store I started looking for other places that had 'glory holes' as they call them. I never again got the beautiful big black cock like I had my first but it didn't matter. I would suck whatever anybody stuck through the hole. I have become a cum connoisseur, I can tell if it comes from a young virile man or old, if it is the first cum of the day or the last. I have now sucked maybe 100 cocks and have yet to see the face of any of their owners.

Now does this make me gay, I don't know, I have never stuck my dick through any of these holes but it might be fear more than anything else. I know I still enjoy sex with my wife and relish the times we still role-play but I would hate to give up my secret visits to the glory holes spread around my town. As far as anal sex, it does excite me when my wife says her black lover is going to take my cherry, but in reality, I am just not into putting anything up my butt. I guess that makes me bi with maybe my biggest fantasy being my wife sitting on my face as she is being fucked doggy style while I lick her clit and his dick at the same time.