 The large oak tree, growing near the curb, shaded the old Chevy pickup truck from the street light. Wally was almost invisible, sitting slumped down in the seat, hidden by the shadows. His eyes were about all that was visible above the bottom edge of the door's window. They were intently watching the area in front of the Hiddy Hole Lounge across the street. 

It was already past midnight and a small enough group hadn't left the lounge yet. Those sonabitches are getting nerves, Wally thought as he watched, now they're coming and leaving in groups of 5 or 6 at a time. 

Wally could usually handle as many as 3 at a time without worry. When only 1 or 2 or even 3 men came out of one of the gay bars together, they were marked mentally. He would start the truck and drive a few blocks ahead of them and park on a side street. Then he would get out and walk back to meet them on the sidewalk. Although most gays were naturally cautious, one man alone wouldn't seem much of a threat. It was easy to stop them and soothe any fears. He would ask some misleading question like how to find the location of one of the gay bars in the area or the adult book store. When they showed interest and begin giving directions, he would hit the toughest looking one, usually knocking him out, then grab the other man or two and throw them down on the ground. With all of them on the ground, he could pound and stomp and kick until he taught the dirty queers a lesson.

Hot damn." Wally muttered under his breath. Two guys were coming out together. He started the pickup's motor and drove in the opposite direction to the first corner. He turned and circled back on a parallel street to get two blocks ahead of the pair. He parked on the cross street and got out of the truck. Wally walked with a slight limp as he turned the corner and headed toward the 2 men who left the bar. They were giggling about something when Wally stopped in front of them.

"Hi guys, I'm new in town and looking for a place to have a good time. Could y'all help me?" Wally ask.

"Hi there, I'm called Sammie, we're always glad to help a good looking new guy that's looking for fun, aren't we Harold?" The younger guy with the blonde pony tail answered. He was wearing a dress shirt that was unbuttoned, but had the tails tied together to form a bare midriff blouse. A pair short shorts, two large gold ear rings and a half dozen gaudy finger rings completed his evening wear. 

Wally had already decided that the other man, the one wearing the leather cap, leather vest and tight leather pants was the only possible threat and stepped toward him. His arm was already drawing back when everything went black. 

The pain in his head was Wally's entire universe. He couldn't see or feel anything except the pain in the back of his head. Consciousness faded in and out for another 30 minutes before he became aware of his surroundings. He quickly discovered that straps were holding him down. He was laying on a some type of a cold smooth surface that yielded somewhat with his weight, like a plastic covered pad. He could feel the plastic against his bare back when he tried to move. Then he realized that he was not only tied down with his eyes taped shut, he was also naked.

Wally was surprised when the hot moist mouth covered his, but the kiss grew hotter as he tried to remember which woman he was with.

"Hello baby," The soft husky voice in the dark said. Wally was almost as badly surprised by the voice as he had been by the kiss. 

"Wow, you really are awake, honey, your flag pole is standing." The voice said with a giggle as Wally felt a hand fondling his cock. "We were beginning to worry whether Oliver had hit you to hard."

Wally was horrified when he recognized the distinct giggle. He had heard it once before, it was Sammie with the blonde pony tail. He spit before he answered. "You damn faggot, I'll kill you if you touch me again."

"Ooh baby, I love it when you talk tough like that. It may be hard for you to do though, since you are securely strapped to a doctor's examining table. Even your feet are taped to the stirrups the doctor uses to spread a woman's legs so he can examine her twat. It kinda leaves your sweet little ass exposed doesn't it?" The voice said with another giggle and a finger pushed again Wally's tight brown hole. Wally flinched and the finger retreated after another giggle told Wally who was tormenting him. 

"But it isn't nice to spit at your friends." The voice continued and Wally heard the sound of a strip of duct tape makes when being unrolled. He tried to turn his head, but a wide piece of tape was stuck over his mouth 

The odd metallic sound puzzled him for a few moments later, until he realized it was a tin lid being removed from a container. When the hand full of cold goo was pressed against his public area he uttered a muffled scream. He realized it was some kind of lubricant when a soft warm hand smeared his cock and balls with a thick layer. Then the hand begin gently stroking his cock. Wally's body barely moved visibly even though he struggled with all his strength. The straps held him securely to the table and his feet wouldn't move when he strained to kick out at the offending hand. 

"Umph umm umph." Wally mumbled through the tape as he shook his head from side to side.

"But darling, you must be enjoying it too, your little winkie is getting harder." The voice from the darkness giggled at him,

Wally realized that Sammie were enjoying his discomfort and there wasn't anyhow he could prevent it from happening. His mind was almost frantic when he discovered that all of his anger and panic wasn't keeping his cock from growing harder under Sammie's expert manipulations. He tried to concentrate on his hatred of queers, but it didn't work and soon his cock was rock hard. He knew he going to have an orgasm any second and fought to hold back so the queers wouldn't have the satisfaction of seeing him come. Sammie sensed it too and speeded up the stroking action. Wally heard the wild giggling as his cock begin erupting, but at that moment he didn't care.

Wally hated himself as he lay on the examining table. The faggots had left after his orgasm, leaving him strapped to the table. The thing that he hated almost more then the fact that a queer had made him come, was remembering the kiss that woke him. He had wanted to kill the queer when he realized it had been a mans hot lips on his. Now he tried to understand why his cock had grown so hard before he knew it was a man's hot tongue that had slipped between his lips.

He was still condemning himself when he heard a door open and feet walking toward him. "Hello baby, are you all rested up, it's play time again."

Wally decided to ignore them and deny them the satisfaction of seeing his discomfort, but he flinched inwardly when he heard the tin can opening again. He did flinch when the cold gob of KY Jelly was pressed against his still greasy crotch, causing the men to laugh and giggle. The same feminine feeling hand worked the jelly on his cock and down between his legs. Wally grunted as the fingers worked the thick jelly over his anus and inner thighs but he tried not to show any emotion.

Another hand begin fondling his well greased cock while the first one continued to caress his anal area. Wally felt his cock growing hard again in spite of everything he mental trick he tried to control it. The hand exploring his crack stopped and he felt a surge of relief. The low humming sound didn't register as a threat until he felt the vibrator touching his inner thigh. His whole body tighten as the tip of the vibrator moved slowly down to tease his balls. The course vibrations shook his balls enough to cause minor pain, but strangely enough it made his cock even harder. The buzzing plastic tip moved lower and made little circles around his tight brown hole. He tightened the muscles in his bottom as much as he could. Even a match stick would have had trouble entering.

The point of the vibrator was pushing against the tight opening when a hot wet mouth sucked in one of his nipples and begin nibbling and sucking on it. The erotic sensations were so intense that Wally lost his concentration and the vibrator slipped deep inside him.

The tape stopped the scream that tried to escape his throat. Nothing however, could stop his hips from undulating as he thrust against the straps trying to escape the merciless invader that was buzzing and quivering inside him. Wally quickly discovered there were pleasure centers that he had never dreamed existed as the humming vibrator was thrust back and forth in his tight opening. Soon his cock was throbbing and a hand seized it and begin pumping up and down at a furious rate. The hand and the thrusting vibrator and the hot mouth were more then he could stand and he come for what seemed like minutes with one of the strongest orgasm of his life.

"Maybe you ought to rest a little while, lover boy, you seem to be all petered out." The young voice said as a hand lifted Wally's limp cock, then giggled and let it fall back into the mat of greased public hair, 

Wally had hated queers with a twisted passion for as long as he could remember, even though he wasn't sure why. That was all he could think about, laying on the table, trying not to remember the pleasures he had felt. The powerful memory of the erotic pleasure he had experienced during the last few hours was stronger then the hatred he had felt. Still he knew it was all right to enjoy the pleasure as long as he couldn't stop it from happening to him.

"If you can't prevent something from happening to you it isn't a sin," Mr. Applewort told Wally, "so you can just enjoy it."

Where the hell did that come from, Wally ask himself. Mr. Applewort had been his Scout Master a long time ago. Where did that memory come from? He hadn't thought of Mr Applewort in years. He struggled to remember why he was told that. 

Wally shuddered as the memory of how the greased hand had felt as it pumped his hard cock. It had felt almost as good as the mouth used to, he thought as he dozed off.

The cold gob of KY Jelly against his bottom brought Wally awake almost instantly.

"Hello lover," the giggly voice greeted him as a finger slipped inside him despite his efforts to prevent it. The finger begin slipping in and out and Wally discovered that more then one thing would make his cock rise. The finger slipped out and a few minutes later he felt the tip of the vibrator press against the greased opening. It wasn't humming this tine as it forced it's way in and Wally wondered if the batteries were dead as it thrust back and forth. Then a hand begin pumping his greased cock and he forgot about it until he realized that someone was holding onto his legs and a body was pounding against his greasy butt with each thrust. A few violent thrusts let him know that someone else was coming and his own cock spurted. A hand was still stroking Wally's cock enough to keep it firm after the limp cock slipped out of his bottom and he felt another hard one pushing it's way in.

Wally was exhausted. His cock head was painfully sore and his ass felt numb as he lay drifted in and out He dozed a few minutes and thought about his situation a few minutes and dozed again.

Wally noticed that something was different when he awoke. His lower legs were hanging down. He couldn't move them, so they must still be tied.

"Well lover, I see you've recovered again." Sammie's voice said.

"Don't bug me." Wally said, shocked that his mouth was uncovered again. "What's going on now."

"I brought you some orange juice, you have to keep your strength up, you know." 

Wally sucked eagerly at the straw that was put in his mouth until the paper cup was empty, them ask, "Now what?"

"Don't worry Wally, we aren't going to do anything that will hurt you. We just want you to understand a few things a little better." The blond young man placed one hand on Wally's chest as he answered.

"Sure, all that pounding my ass earlier wasn't meant to hurt me, right?" Wally said ignoring the hand.

"Actually no, it may sting a little the first time, but it's easier after that." he answered as his fingers tweaked Wally's nipples.

Wally tried to ignore the hand, but when his cock begin swelling, he knew it was a loosing battle. "OK, you've taught me a lesson, why don't you guys let me go now and you'll never see me again."

"Well let me clean you up a little first. The voice answered and Wally heard water running in a pan.

Wally didn't even jump when he felt the warm wet soapy cloth scrubbing his thighs and lower belly. When the warm slick cloth begin swabbing his cock however, it reacted immediately and grew hard. By the time the hands finished washing Wally, his cock was throbbing hard again. 

"Well shit Wally, looky there, it wants to play some more. Come over here and look at this Oliver." Wally did gasp aloud when the hot mouth captured his cock and the sucking and tonguing begin. He was caught up in the frenzied action at his cock when Sammie caught his head and begin kissing him on the mouth again. He didn't fight it after his cock begin erupting and he even did a little exploring with his own tongue before he remembered who it was. The last thing he remembered was the stinging as the needle entered his arm.

Wally stretched as he awoke and his hand hit something hard. When he looked, he had hit the left window. He was slumped down in the seat of his pickup and dawn was just beginning to show in the east where the sky was turning blue above the Hiddy Hole Lounge. 

"Son of a bitch, I went to sleep and dreamed all that shit." Wally said aloud as he set up to start the pickup's motor. His lip felt funny and when he licked them they tasted funny. 

"Now what?" He ask himself as he reached up and turned the rear view mirror toward him. The bright red lipstick shocked him, but the large gold loops through his ear lobes made him want to cry. By then it was light enough to notice that he was dressed in a pair of black lace panties and a matching bra.