 "Hey, man, you're in or what? Or are you a chicken?"

Taylor was not in the mood for jokes. "So what, I go in, have sex with some porn actor, and come back to you and show you the money?"

"Yeah," his friend Jack was obviously having the time of his life yanking his chain. "Well, unless you want to pay me from your own pocket ..."

That was an option Taylor was ready to take, but Jack continued: "... and be called a chicken for the remainder of your days?"

Taylor groaned in disbelief. "It was just a stupid bet. Plus, we're only 22, who's going to remember this?"

"I will," Jack clapped his hands with glee, grinning wildly.

"Alright," Taylor reluctantly agreed. "But just so you know, I'm not taking it up the ass."

His friend tsked. "With your physique, they'll put you on top, don't worry. And they'll ask, what do you think? So just get ready to plow some ass, dude!" he slapped him on his back.

At 6.3, with dark blonde hair, military cut, and the brawn to go along, Taylor was surely impressive. He was inwardly amused with his friend's scheme of getting him to do some gay porn. He would have been a totally manly man specimen, if it hadn't been for his baby blues fringed by long lashes, and his plump lips that had gotten him plenty of action, themselves alone.

He'd never hidden from Jack that he liked guys, and his straight friend had always been cool with it. Right now, though, Jack's wicked mind had been a little too wicked. It was true that he hadn't fucked anything in a week, and he was starting to feel a little disappointed with his own hand. Well, he had jerked off to enough gay porn in his life, to know what he was getting himself into, so it was not that bad.

***

The studio was located in what looked almost like an office building. Taylor shrugged. Jack had dropped him off, to make sure he got the destination right, but then, to his relief, left him alone.

The guy staring at him from behind the desk looked old. He wrinkled his nose.

"Don't worry, I'm not the one you'll fuck," the man stared at him from behind his glasses.

Taylor remained standing, not knowing what to do. The man sighed and continued. "I'm the guy with the cash. Have you ever done it?"

"What?"

"Gay porn, obviously."

"No."

"Alright. You look like you have all it takes," the man watched him up and down. 

In a white tank top and tight jeans showing off his package, Taylor was sure he was going to have no problems getting in.

"Top or bottom?"

"Top!" he almost yelled, and the main smiled.

"Alright, stud. Now show me."

"What?"

"Oh dear, I guess it would have been pretty hard for you in life if not for your looks ..."

Realization dawned on Taylor. He flipped over his jeans and the man whistled appreciatively, although Taylor was completely soft. Nonetheless, the man was a connoisseur.

"Inches?"

"10," Taylor smiled, too, feeling pretty smug.

"Alright, soldier, you're good to go. You're going to be in a gangbang scene. Everyone's wearing the rubber, no exception, don't give me lip. You'll get 250 when you're out. All clear?" the man dismissed him, and he nodded.

"The guys are getting warmed up, and it's a bit of a crowd. Just wait for your turn like a good boy."

***

The first room was obviously smaller than the one where the action was taking place. There were bottles of water and energizers on a table, along with some snacks, and towels and rolls of tissue everywhere. He first noticed the three naked guys slouching around, while a fourth was standing in front of a sofa, obviously being serviced by another guy he could not see. 

"Alright, man, you're good to go," the guy on the sofa gave a playful slap on the behind to the one he had been sucking until then. "Who's next?"

Taylor felt a jaw-dropping incident coming his way. The guy who had just talked was a real looker. A bit twinkish, but obviously in his 20s, sporting a pair of nice pecks and what looked like delicious chocolate nipples to go with them, the man was making his cock twitch. He had always had a thing for brunets, and this one was just according to doctor's orders. His hair was a bit too long, but Taylor vaguely thought of how nice it would be to grab the man by it and ride him. He was topless, wearing only a pair of ripped jeans and converse shoes. His brown eyes seemed dipped in dark honey, and his gorgeous smile was letting show perfect white teeth. A wicked tongue was darting outwards, while the man licked his lips. He asked for a water bottle and one of the guys threw one his way, while another got up on his feet, ready for his warm up.

Taylor looked around. There were no cameras. So that was what the man meant about the warm up. He was mostly expecting to be forced to pop some Viagra or something, not to be sucked by a hottie. He took a seat, waiting for the others to be made ready and leave. He just hoped there weren't others after him.

With the same encouragements, the brunet sent the others away, then he looked at him. Taylor was staying with his legs parting, letting his package to cool down. He had taken a short shower, so he was supposed to be cool enough. Only that he was not. 

"So?" the man smiled at him. "You look like you do not need too much warming up," he gestured towards Taylor's half erect snake.

And it had taken him so much will to not touch his cock, or try to sneak a peek to how the brunet was blowing the others.

Taylor got up, ready to slide his cock through those full lips. He took the man gently by the nape, and brought him a bit closer. The brunet grabbed his cock with one hand, sliding it on the entire length.

"A straight 10?" he asked, while using the other hand to caress the man's heavy, hairless sack. 

"You know cock well," Taylor whispered, trying to focus on something less arousing, to have the brunet work a little hard.

"That is what one year in the industry teaches you," the man looked up, then took out his tongue to trail a long swipe from beneath the balls upwards, to the entire length of the glorious cock that was waking up to life. 

The man was good. But also, too efficient. Taylor tried to refrain a moan, only to let out a strange noise. The brunet stopped.

"Don't hold it back, darling. Once on set, no one will pay too much attention to you. Since it's so crowded, I mean."

With that, he engulfed the head, and started playing with his tongue around the head, making sure to insist on the sensitive skin just beneath. 

"You're not in the movie?" Taylor asked without thinking.

The brunet stopped for a second to laugh. "No, blue eyes. I'm here just to fluff you up."

This time, he did not resume teasing, but took Taylor's cock with ease in his mouth, pushing it down his throat, without any other extra preparation. While withdrawing, he used suction power, to make Taylor go utterly stiff in one slide.

"Here you go," he said, but Taylor did not let go off his head.

"I feel it going away," he lied, and the man cocked his head to look at him a bit annoyed. "It's hard to keep up 10 inches of fury," he added, and the brunet nodded.

He took him again in his mouth, letting the organ slid back and forth a few times. 

"Yessss," Taylor hissed. Not many of his ex bed partners had ever managed to take him so deep so easily. He could understand why the guys at the studio didn't need any Viagra. "Grab my balls," he ordered, and the man squeezed the heavy sack, rolling the globes in his hand with skill.

He was close. He didn't need anything more, but the man must have sensed it too, so he tried to withdraw.

"Please," he begged and kept the dark head there, letting his cum flow down that practiced throat.

"What the fuck, dude?" the man pushed him away, as soon as he could tear his head away from Taylor's strong grip.

It must have gone directly in his stomach, Taylor grinned as he was taking a step back, so nicely wasted. He looked down and saw his cock glistening, but no cum whatsoever. The man had clearly taken the entire load.

Only that now, the brunet was staring at him really angry. Right on cue, the director peeked through the door.

"Are there any others?"

The brunet gestured towards Taylor. "He came. Idiot," he murmured the last word under his breath.

The director waved his hand. "No pay for you," and he closed the door.

Taylor stretched his hand towards the brunet. 

"I'm Taylor, sorry about that. You were too good to miss the opportunity."

The man looked at the extended hand, seemed to ponder for a few seconds, then took it. "I'm Cody. Just for the record, I'm not paid to do shit like this."

"Well, if I want a repeat performance ..." Taylor wore a smug grin on his face. "... is there any chance for me?"

"Only if you take me out to dinner first," Cody joked. 

"Ok, it's a date then," Taylor bent and whispered into the man's ear.