 It was a week before the meeting of Rob's football club. This was a group of 7 guys who got together on Sunday afternoons to supposedly watch football games together. What they actually did was have sex with each other. I would be the 8th guy.

On the Monday before my first meeting, Rob stopped by my place after work. 

"Do you have internet access?" Rob asked.

"Of course." I said.

"How about a digital camera?" 

"Yes." I answered.

"Cool, lets go log on and I'll show you the group's web site."

We went to my study where I had my computer. I logged online. 

"It's a member invite only group." Rob said as he sat at the keyboard and entered the web address for his group. It was a nice group site. There were messages and a place to post pictures. 

"Since this is a protected site," Rob said. "We post any type of picture that we want. Any type."

He pulled up the photo section. He opened the one that had his name on it. The first page of thumb nails opened up. It showed shots of Rob naked, close-ups of his flaccid and hard penis and asshole. There were also shots of him having sex with other guys. There were several shots of his cock in different guys assholes and mouths. A couple of him in threesomes with the guys and several with mouth his wrapped around hard cocks.

My cock was hard seeing this. Rob reached up and fondled it through my jeans. "Let's get comfy. We'll take some shots and then take care of that for you."

We both stripped naked. Rob gave me a quick hug and kiss and had me get my camera out. He took shots of my full body, close ups of my cock and asshole. 

"Ok, let's get some initial action shots." Rob grinned.

He stood as I kneeled in front of him and sucked his cock. He got several shots of that, then had me get on the couch that was in the room. I sat down and raised my legs and Rob got between them and moved his hard cock to my waiting asshole. He took shots of it close and then several as he slide it in.

"Why don't I put the camera down and make use of this willing hole that my cock is in."

Rob put the camera down and began giving me long deep strokes with his cock. We were both soon moaning in pleasure.

"Oh yeah, fuck me Rob." I said.

Rob pounded my ass hard and soon came hard, shooting a load of cum up my ass. Rob then leaned down and took my cock in his mouth. His cock slid from my ass as he sucked me to nice orgasm.

We took a break and loaded my pictures on the web site and Rob gave me a log in for the site. We looked at the pictures on the site and were both soon hard again. We moved to the floor and sucked each other off in a nice slow 69. As I was getting close to cumming, Rob slide several fingers in my ass and I came, shooting down his throat. This brought him off giving me a reward of a mouth full of cum. Rob got dressed and left.

He stopped by a couple more nights that week and we spent many happy hours fucking and sucking. I also received e-mails from the other guys, saying that they enjoyed my pictures and were looking forward to getting to know me better.

Sunday finally arrived and I headed over to Rob's at the appointed hour. I was a little nervous, but very excited. And even though Rob and I had had sex practically all week, my cock wa hard in anticipation of the days events.

We met in Rob's basement rec room. He had a big couch that wrapped around a corner, several chairs and a collection of cushions. Only 5 other guys were there for this meeting, Gary, who I had already met, John, a medium height guy about 32, David, a black man about 40 and about my height, Michael , a small man about 50 but in really good shape and Travis an Asian guy about 29 who was about the same height and size as John.

I was introduced to the guys.

David said, "Gary and Rob have given you good reviews, Scott, and from the pictures on the site, and now meeting you, I think you'll fit in just fine."

Rob spoke up. "Ok since we have a new member today, we'll do a new member orientation." There were grins all around. Rob had told me that the new member sucked off all the guys and got fucked by them on the first meeting. I watched several of the guys fondling their hard cocks through their jeans. 

"Ok, let's get naked."

Soon we were all naked and sporting erect cocks. Rob had us stand together and he took a picture of us all naked and hard.

For the suck off, the guys sat on the couch. I started with John who was on the end. He had a nice sized cock, it was cut and about 7 inches erect. I got between his legs and began. I took his cock in my mouth and gave it the full treatment. I worked on the cock head, piss slit, the undershaft of cock and his balls. John was shaved. It was fun to taste balls that were not hairy. 

There was a flash, as Rob took a shot of John's penis in my mouth.

John was moaning. "Oh yeah." 

Several other guys made comments on my technique as I pleasured John's cock with my mouth. I soon was rewarded with a moan as John's cock shot cum into my throat. I drained his cock and let it slip from my mouth.

"Oh yeah, nice job there, Scott," John said. "I approve of him, Rob."

"I knew that you would." Rob said with a grin. "I've been enjoying this all week."

"Greedy." David teased.

David was next. His cock reflected his size as was almost 9 inches. It was uncut. I got between his legs and took his cock in my mouth. It had a different taste from John's a bit more musky. I did the same work on him and soon had him moaning and shooting his load over my tongue.

"Yes, I concur with the other guys." David said. "Scott here is an excellent addition."

I continued down the line, enjoying the differences of each man's cock and the taste of their cum. Rob also got photos of me sucking off each of the guys. I enjoyed draining their cocks. After I had sucked them all off. I took a break to get a drink.

When I walked back into the room, two of the cushions had been moved to the middle of the room. They were both square. I now saw what they were for, they were cushions that people could lean on while having sex and there were different shapes depending on the position you wanted to use. 

Rob pointed to a bottle of lube with a grin. "Now is time for the fucking."

I took the bottle, squirted some lube on my fingers. I bent over and worked the lube into my asshole. I had given that area a good wash and cleaning earlier in the day.

I moved over to the cubes. I kneeled over them, they were at a good height and provided good support. John moved behind me and took the lube, I heard him getting his cock ready. 

John moved closer, I felt his cock head knob touch my waiting hole. "Are you ready?" He asked.

"Yes." I said. "Go ahead and slide your cock in." I concentrated on my ass hole as John pushed his cock against me. I concentrated on letting the cock in as John pushed his cock head into my ass hole. It slide in nicely. It hadn't taken my ass long to get used to getting fucked again, much to my delight. 

John moaned as he worked the rest of his cock in. I soon felt his balls on my ass cheeks and knew that his cock had penetrated my ass to the hilt.

"Damn Rob, you're right." John moaned. "His ass is perfect for fucking."

John took several long slow strokes, moving his cock in and out. I gave his cock a squeeze as he slide back in, producing another moan. John then sped up his thrusts and was soon pumping my ass with deep hard strokes. He leaned into me as he fucked me. I was enjoying his cock filling my ass hole. Soon John was breathing hard and gave me two long deep thrusts before leaving his cock into the hilt, spurting his cum into my ass.

John took several long deep breaths before he slid his limp cock out.

"Guys, you are in for a treat." John said as he stood. 

David took his place, added some lube to his cock and put it up to the hole.

"Fuck me, David." I said. "Go ahead and put your cock in my ass."

David's cock slide right in. I gave him a squeeze when it was in all the way and told him to fuck away. David gave me a variety of strokes and speeds, we were soon moaning away as he pumped my ass hard, banging his balls on me. He soon came, adding a second load of cum to my ass. 

Michael had me shift to the triangular cushion and had me lie on my back.

"I want to fuck you face to face." He said.

I lifted my legs up and against him. He slid his cock in with ease and gave it to me good, pumping my ass with a variety of strokes. I enjoyed watching his face as he came.

The other guys took their turns and soon I had been fucked by all six men. I was feeling good. My ass was also feeling good, there was a warmth that I felt all over.

Travis spoke up. "Well, Scott welcome to the group. It's going to be a joy spending Sundays with you."

The other guys concurred.

"Well, I think it's time we get him off in style." Gary said. He motioned for me to lay on my back on the triangular cushion. He lifted my legs and slid his cock in. He motioned to Travis, who took my cock in his mouth and began sucking. John came over and kneeled my my head and offered me his cock. I took it in my mouth. Gary began a slow fuck, giving me long slow strokes with his cock, as Travis did the same on my cock. I could feel the warmth growing and my balls moving closer to my shaft. They kept the same slow pace on my cock and in my ass. I soon let John just fuck my mouth as the pleasure built. It was a long time growing and I soon erupted, cumming in one of the strongest orgasms I had ever had. I felt Gary come as my ass tightened around his cock in throws of orgasm. John also let go, filling my mouth as I moaned around it. It was amazing.

They let me rest for a bit. I sat on the couch and watch as they paired off and sucked and fucked. It was hot to watch the men pleasure each other. I got hard again watching John fuck Gary. David came over by me, sporting a hard cock again.

David grinned. "Would you mind if I had another go at your ass?"

I smiled back and lifted my legs up as David kneeled in front of the couch where I was sitting. His cock penetrated my ass in one thrust. David gave me a good long fuck with long deep strokes. I loved feeling his pubic hairs on my ass cheeks when he was buried to the hilt. David came hard, adding another load to my well fucked ass. 

Soon all the guys left and I stayed with Rob. He led me to his basement bathroom which had a large jacuzzi and a shower. Rob took me into the shower and we played for a long time and I was still glowing from the time earlier and had Rob fuck me again in the shower.

I attended all of the Football Club meetings. It was great being part of such a horny group. Many a time, I was the group fuck, as the others were amazed at my ability to take as many fucks as they could get up for. I loved the feeling of a hard cock pumping my ass and was always up to take a cock there. Sometimes there would be meetings in the evenings, where one or two guys would come over. It was great getting guy sex. At this point I won't stop again.