 Have you ever been in a situation where you've been straight you're entire life and never even thought about sex with another guy and then one day out of nowhere you meet someone so beautiful that you lose all inhibitions and do things you'd never thought you'd do? Well that's exactly what happened to me. 

My name is Joseph and I'm 40 years old. I have always lived the normal heterosexual lifestyle and was married with 2 teenage children and last year my wife and I had some troubles and we ended up separating. She got the house and the kids and I ended up moving to my buddy Karl's place with his wife and kids. He had a big house with a spare room in the basement that he agreed to rent out to me to help me out of a bad situation.

My wife and I just never got along and after 14 years of marriage we called it quits. Now at 40 years old I was a single, heterosexual man moving into my friend's basement. I wasn't overly upset about it, it was what it was and we were both moving on. I got our 2 kids on weekends. I had a 12 year old son Matt and 10 year old daughter Ashley. I had to pay up the ass in child support and alimony so moving into Karl's was the best option financially. 

I moved in on the Saturday on June 1st and Karl and i moved everything I was taking with me into one trip with the uhaul. His wife and family were gone for the day at the waterslides so they wouldn't be in our way. We managed to get everything unpacked and set up and after an hour or so of organizing the basement actually started to look like a pretty sweet bachelor pad. After finishing the last bit of unpacking the bathroom stuff we went upstairs for a beer and to relax after a hard days work. He said his wife and kids will be back soon as well as the foreign exchange student from Germany that was staying with them.

Sure enough in the next while the family mini van pulled up the driveway into the garage and they all came running up the stairs . First Karl's wife Linda came through the door with a bunch of groceries and stopped to give me a hug and say she's sorry to hear about my marriage and that I was always welcome here. Then Karl's kids came running in jumping on me and hugging me excited that I was staying with them. They were younger then my kids. Jeff and Lisa were 8 and 6 and they were great kids. 

Their mom told them to go upstairs and wash up for dinner. As they ran upstairs in walked the German exchange student and my life was about to change in ways I never thought was imaginable. 

This beautiful blonde boy walked in the living room. I say beautiful be up until that point I never thought of another guy as attractive or anything but the word beautiful was what came to mind.

He was short, up 5'5 and slim at only 150 lbs but he was really toned and looked like he worked out. Not very bulky but more like a swimmers build. He was pure blonde with golden hair that went down to almost his shoulders and it was all wavy and looked like it was made of pure gold with no dark roots. He had full pouty lips almost like a hot girl but he was clearly a boy. And he had the most beautiful baby blue eyes that looked right through me and I lost all track of thought. It was like he was looking right into my eyes and had a sexy confident smirk on his face like he knew i thought he was beautiful. I was in a trance and didn't understand why.

After what seemed like minutes of staring Linda interrupted my trance and said "Joseph I'd like you to meet Jürgen our exchange student from Germany. He's going to be staying with us for the next year" I managed to get out of my trance temporarily and act normal and get up and shake his hand. When we shook hands I instinctively held onto his hand for longer than usual and looked into his beautiful blue eyes and started chatting with him. 

As I was still holding his hand I asked him "so Jürgen how old are you? How do you like living in Canada so far?" And then he spoke and I swear his accent turned my dick to stone.

He said "I'm just turned 18, I enjoy it here quite a bit, Karl and Linda make me feel at home." All the while my hand was still in his as I looked into his eyes. Suddenly Linda yelled from the kitchen that the Chinese takeout was on the table and to come in and eat. It broke me out of that trance again and I let go of his hand.

As I headed to the kitchen I couldn't understand what was happening to me. Never in my life had I ever been attracted to another guy, never even thought of it. Why did this boy have such a weird effect on me? I lost complete control of myself and not only was this another guy I'm turned on by but it's a teenage boy young enough to be my son. But there was no denying the tent I had in my pants as I walked into the kitchen to load up my plate of Chinese. 

I sat right across from Jürgen and stared at him more. We didn't talk, I just ate and stared and he just kept smiling at me like he knew what he was doing to me. I couldn't wrap my head around it. How did he know? There's no way he could know what he's doing to me. This wasn't something that ever happened before. Why was he able to have this effect on me? And how is he able to know and have a confident smile as he kept on looking back into my eyes and smiling? This whole thing was so crazy.

After dinner we all went to the living room to relax and have some beers. Jürgen Just turned 18 so he was allowed to drink but he preferred to drink wine with Linda while me and Karl drank our beers. He was sitting across the living room from me and kept on looking into my eyes and smiling at me like he knew what he was doing to me. He didn't say a word just kept on smiling. I couldn't help but think about what it would be like to kiss those lips. They were so plump and full and pouty. 

At one point he just got up and sat next to me on the loveseat and sat really close then out of nowhere said "so Joseph what do you do for work? What do you do for fun?" And smiled at me as his leg touched mine because we were sharing such a small couch. Karl and Linda were on the other couch and had the music up loud so he leaned in to talk. 

We chatted and got to know each other for about an hour or so and I was lost in his eyes and conversation and completely ignored Karl and Linda. It was like all that existed in my world at that moment was this beautiful blonde teen. We continued to chat and Karl and Linda said they were going to bed. 

Jürgen and I continued to talk and after they went to bed he moved closer to me and moved to his side facing me so his knee was now on my thigh. Keep in mind we had the whole living room to ourselves now because everyone went to bed but for some odd reason we were bundled up close on that love seat and honestly I was loving it. My hard on never subsided and eventually he said "vwell I should be going to bed, I have a long day tomorrow and I am tired and I need my sleep" and I was disappointed but I was so hard I couldn't move and didn't want to. 

He looked at me one last time and smiled and did kind of half a duck face and smiled again and leaned in to hug me and ended up climbing on my lap facing me in a straddling position and hugged me and held me tight and then put his face right up close to mine. I held him close too and smelled his hair. He smelled like strawberries. Then out of nowhere he kissed me. First it was a peck on the cheek then another peck on the cheek then the forehead and then the lips. Then another 3 pecks on the lips. Then he pulled away and said goodnight and went to bed.

I was motionless when all this happened. His lips literally paralyzed me. Any other time in my life I would of gotten up and slugged a guy for doing that. But for some reason I didn't move and couldn't even think to stop him or anything. It was like his lips had a hypnotic effect on me like a deer and headlights.

I was on the edge of bursting out of my pants. I'd never been so hard in my life. Even my young bachelor days banging hot chicks my dick was never this hard. I ended up going to bed with blue balls and couldn't stop thinking about what just happened. Am I gay? Do I like dudes? Am I a boy diddler? All I knew was I thought Jürgen was beautiful. 

That night I couldn't sleep. I was too aroused but I didn't want to jerk off. The last few years of my marriage i had masturbated on several occasions because my wife wasn't putting out so I was accustomed to it. Even still I couldn't bring myself to masturbate about a teenage boy. In my mind I was still straight and kept telling myself that. I kept saying that this will pass and stop being a weirdo. I finally fell asleep.

The next morning I was woken up by Jeff and Lisa jumping on me. They were all excited because Linda and Karl said we were all going to the fair that was in town. I always enjoyed the fair and figured it would be fun. I went upstairs and Linda made us a feast of a brunch. I was eating my plate when Jürgen came walking in with just a pair of shorts on and no shirt. I was instantly reminded of the kisses from last night. He looked at me and said "Vgood morning Joseph, I finish my studies so I vwill come to the fair too, in Germany the amusement parks are different, i hope to try the roller coaster and haunted house at vwonder land, perhaps you will ride vwith me?" And he looked into my eyes giving me that sexy knowing smile again and I was hard as a rock. Thank god I had the kitchen table to hide under.

With no shirt on I was able to see what his body was like. He looked like he was chiseled out of granite with ripped abs and toned arms and chest but really slender and thin. Not bulky in anyway. It looks like he does more cardio and swimming than lifting. He had absolutely no fat on his body and zero body hair either. It made me wonder if he was really 18. When I was 18 I was already a hairy beast.

After brunch we all got into the mini van. Karl and Linda sat in the front, Jeff and Lisa sat in the middle seats and Jürgen and I ended up taking the back seat. Just then Linda said "I'd hate to do this to you guys but I'm gonna have to put the cooler beside you guys, there's nowhere else it will fit."

Right away Jürgen said "oh no vproblem Vlinda. We vwill make it fit" and he looked at me with those blue eyes and smiled. 

It was a 3 hour drive to Wonderland and it was a tight fit for sure but secretly I kind of enjoyed it. Like last night Jürgen had turned sideways facing me and sat really close. The only difference was this time there was a legit excuse because there was a big cooler pressed against his back. Karl and Linda and the kids had some children songs blasting on the radio and were pre-occupied singing along to them and it gave me and Jürgen a chance to talk more. 

I learned that he is half Swedish as his mother immigrated to Germany from Sweden and he said that's where he gets his light features and full lips from. Then he did a duck face emphasizing what he meant when he said full lips. If my dick was hard before then now it was harder than it was, that's for sure. We kept on talking and I told him about my ex wife and the kids and told him the headaches and heartaches of my divorce. He seemed to have a sympathetic ear and I appreciated that. I felt drawn to Jürgen and didn't want the ride to end. I was secretly really enjoying the close physical contact with Jürgen and I couldn't figure out why it had such an affect on me but I'd never felt this way before.

Eventually we got to our destination and as everybody piled out of the van I very carefully got out and said I had to pee very badly just incase anybody noticed the huge tent I had going on in my pants.

After going pee I joined the rest of them in the lineup to get into the place. We all chatted about what rides we were gonna go on. The kids were too young to go on the roller coaster that they wanted to go on but they got to go see a puppet show they wanted to so it cheered them up. Karl said that later on we could leave the kids with Linda and hit up the beer gardens which sounded like a good idea to me. Maybe a few beers will clear my mind of all the weird stuff that's been happening to me since the moment I met Jürgen?

Maybe he was just touchy feely and friendly because it was a European thing? Maybe I've been reading into it too much and if pursue anything I will be a total creep for trying to do anything with a teenage boy? The thoughts kept running through my head when I was interrupted by Jeff nudging me in the stomach saying not to forget i promised to take him on the go karts later, then Jürgen said looking straight into my eyes "we vmust go on the haunted house and this vrollercoaster too." 

When we finally got in the park the first ride we went on was the go karts which was fun. We all sped around and bumped into each other and were all giggling and having a good time. Jürgen Kept on crashing into me and it was weird I felt like I did when I was out flirting with a hot chick on a date when I was young and used to take chicks to amusement parks. 

Then we went on the log ride and all 6 of us got on one log. Jürgen sat behind me and the whole time had his hands wrapped around me. Nobody else on the ride was holding onto anyone and we were in the very back so nobody could see. Every time we went down he got scared and held onto me. Naturally when the ride was over I was pitching a big tent. 

Then we went on the haunted house that Jürgen wanted to go on. Me and him shared the same cart and he sat super close to me. I was thinking thank god it's so dark in here so nobody can see how close we were sitting. The odd thing was I made zero effort to move away and found myself in a trance. His hair smelled really good too. Like honey. Every time a monster or ghost popped up he would practically jump into my lap. When the lights came on he pulled away and we acted normal again. Once again I was hard. 

Then we went on the Ferris wheel and we sat close and nobody saw us, then we went on the enterprise and as we were spinning upside down in the air we were looking into each other's eyes. After I felt like throwing up from the ride but I didn't want to look gross in front of him. Yeah I know that's odd for a 40 year old heterosexual man to worry about grossing out an 18 year old boy. Right?

Then we went on the roller coaster and this time me he pulled me into him just like the log ride but we were sitting side by side. Thank god everyone else was too preoccupied with the ride to notice, right? Well when we got off There was a photo booth where they have photos for sale of you on the rollercoaster. The photo actually captured Jürgen with his arms wrapped around me pulling me into him. Of course he bought it as a souvenir. 

Then Karl and I decided it was adult time and went to the beer gardens while Linda and the kids went on more rides. Jürgen Went with Linda because he said he forgot his passport at home and would get Id'd. 

Me and Karl hammered back 3 pitchers and went and played a few games of slots until Linda texted him nagging to meetup again because the kids were being a handful.

When we got back together with the rest Karl hugged And kissed Linda and I looked at Jürgen and actually instinctively wanted to kiss him hello but obviously thought better of it. We all went back to going on more rides and on every ride Jürgen kept on making physical contact and it was having its affect on me. We we're all having such a great time together and it felt weird because it felt like we were all on a double date but that totally wasn't the scenario because I'm a 40 year old heterosexual man and Jürgen is an 18 year old boy. Right?

Just as we were getting ready to call it a night and head home Jürgen said "Yoseph vwe must go on zee log ride again" and I said sure. The others declined because they didn't wanna get wet again. This time though Jürgen sat in front of me. Throughout the entire ride he kept pushing back into my crotch and when he felt how hard I was he turned around and gave me a wicked knowing smile and did a duck face and pushed his ass harder into me and rocked back and forth. There was pre cum oozing out of me by the time the ride was over. 

We all got into the van and started heading home. The kids passed out instantly and me and Jürgen were chatting again and sitting close. This time i was facing sideways so I could put my head back because I was feeling woozy from the beer from earlier. Jürgen Was sitting the same way as before with his back against the cooler. This time though he had his thigh over mine in a straddling position and it was dark so nobody could see. Karl was passed out in the front seat and Linda was too focused on the road and couldn't see that far back. We kept on chatting about what courses in school he plans on taking in September and the other places he's been too. He told me about the time he spent in England and Australia and Japan. I was really impressed by how well travelled he was for his young age. 

I was really enjoying talking to him and even though we were sitting way too close than a heterosexual 40 year old man and an 18 year old boy should I was really enjoying it. 

After awhile Karl woke up and started complaining that he was gonna throw up. Linda found a truck Stop and asked me if I'd mind watching the kids who were passed out while she and Karl went to use the washroom. 

Karl was for some reason drunker than I was and Linda had to help him. This took them longer. While they were gone Jürgen moved up even closer to me and i could see his beautiful face from the lights outside. Just then he leaned in and started doing peck kisses. I completely lost all train of thought just like the other night and just sat there speechless and motionless in a trance as he pecked my forehead 3 times, each cheek then my chin, then gave me 5 pecks right on the lips. That's when I started kissing him back.

I didn't care anymore and after several more pecks on the lips we started making out hard with our tongues. I couldn't get enough and was literally sucking his tongue and lips. I was hooked.

Karl and Linda came back to the van and Jürgen pulled away and we acted like nothing happened. After that we sat in silence and I regained composure and was trying to come to grips with the fact that I just made out with a boy less than half my age and wanted more. Was I gay? Hell no im all about the chicks. Before I was married I was a total womanizer. Even if I was completely straight and have been my whole life. This one particular boy got me slightly bent and more aroused than anything in my life. There was no denying that. 

The whole rest of the way home Jürgen kept looking down at me smiling and doing duck faces teasing me. He was sitting right on top of my hardon and kept rocking back and forth on it. My skepticism earlier about his affections just being an innocent European thing were definitely thrown right out the window. 

When we got home Karl made a dash to the bathroom to throw up some more. Linda put the kids to bed and went to tend to Karl. Me and Jürgen unloaded the van and said goodnight. 

Within 20 minutes of Linda and Karl going to bed Jürgen came down to my room without saying a word. He was wearing nothing but a pair of speedos and had that sexy wicked grin on his face looking directly in my eyes. Without saying another word he climbed on my bed and straddled be again and we were kissing like lovers.

I hadn't had the chance to undress and he started pulling off my jeans and shirt. Once I was in my boxers I sat up and pulled him into me and started kissing up and down his smooth torso. He pushed me back down and made a duckface and teased me. Then he started kissing down his way around my whole body. My neck, my ears, my lips and slowly down my chest. That was when he stood up and pulled down his speedo. 

His cock was an absolute display of beauty. I figured since he was so small in stature that his cock wouldn't be that big. But I was shocked when out sprang the biggest cock i'd ever seen. It was fully erect and looked to be 9 inches at least and really thick with a beautiful mushroom head and not even a speck of hair.
