 The first week went by quick. On Monday I had my first day in school. Not many kids in the school mind you. Barely about four hundred I think. I saw William on my third class that day. 

"Hey bro! How's it going?" He smiled and stretched his hand out towards me. Wearing a jean and blue t-shirt. 

"Great man! Wondered when I would walk into you?" I said as I took his hand in mine. 

"Yeah wondered the same. Seems we have math together. Not that I am any good with it." he said while taking a seat next to me. 

"Haha, it's easy man. I'll give you some tutoring. My dad is a financial accountant. Numbers come easy to us." I replied while taking my books out. 

"Sweet! Ill give you a tour of the forest and teach you some things about learning the secrets of the forest. That will make us square." He said while giving me a grin. 

"Secrets? What secrets?" I asked looking over to him. 

"Nah don't worry mate. Don't want to spoil the surprise." He grinned at me.

The day went on the same. Meeting new people and being introduced almost every new lesson. Got home about 3PM after taking a bus. I didn't see William on, so I assumed he must be driving himself or getting a lift from someone. My dad would only be back after dark. So I went to my room and started on some homework. I moved my desk right in front of the window, giving me an awesome view of the forest out back.

On Friday morning William approached me with his usual grin. 

"Hey Liam, I was thinking you should meet me tomorrow morning at 7AM by the back of your yard. We can start early and I'll show you some neat tricks in the forest." 

"Sure mate. I think my dad would be going in town anyway, so I don't have anything else planned." I replied as we walked towards the school entrance. He smiled and gave me a grin again.

On Saturday morning I woke up having set my alarm for 6:30AM. I could feel that all too familiar chill in the air again. I got up and dressed with some running pants and black t-shirt. I put on my hoody and made my way to the kitchen. I saw the a note my dad left, saying he would be back at around 5PM. I grabbed a apple and walked out back towards the edge of the forest.

"What took you man?" William asked while standing next to one of the pine trees. 

"Hey! It's barely 7AM, I'm not late. You are early!" I exclaimed while jokingly punching him on the shoulder. 

He was wearing track pants with sneakers and a t-shirt like mine, except his was yellow. We made off in the forest, walking slowly as I kept looking at different things. I could barely see the sky in the thick lush bushes and trees of the place. It felt oddly warmer in the forest. 

"So what do you want to see or know first?" He asked while moving some bushes out the way.

"Don't know. It's your forest after all. You tell me what's important and what's really cool to see." I replied while looking at some awesome mushrooms growing near a tree. 

"Well I guess the basics first. Let's see... Never go into the forest too deep if you don't know the area first." I laughed at that one. 

"I think I learned that lesson on the first try." 

"Yeah guess you did!" he laughed. 

"Just learn the forest and its surroundings while walking with me. That's the best way you would learn."

We walked in more and got close to the river again. 

"I live over there, just a mile over that hill." He said while pointing north up river. 

"You want to see something really cool? It's a bit far tho." He asked while we stood next to the river. 

"Sounds good to me, but how far?" I asked looking at him. 

"About a hours walk, shouldn't be so bad. Dry weather makes the path even better." He said while looking east. 

"What is it that you want to show me tho?" I asked looking at him with a raised eyebrow. 

"HAH! Now that would be something you have to see for yourself." He jokingly looked at me, giving me his grin again. 

"Fine, lead the way."

We walked and talked for about almost an hour. We had to climb a bit of a hill at some stage and I thought to myself how I desperately would get lost here and die, should he run and leave me here. I could hear all kinds of birds and the sounds of the forest were almost kinda magical in a sense. We reached an open clearing next to one of the mountains, where it half open up water was falling in to a small pool. 

It looks like the water goes down into the mountain again. It was amazing. To my surprise, William started taking his clothes off, right to the skin and jumps in. I half expected him to yell out loud from the cold, but he never did. I bent down to feel the water and was shocked to find out that its warm. "Wow dude! A fucking hot spring! How cool is this?!" I started laughing. I removed my shirt and was just about to remove my shoes when it came to me.

Was I about to get in a relatively small hot spring with a naked guy? I could see he was looking at me while swimming around. I didn't want to seem awkward towards him, so I kept my jockey on as I removed all my clothes and jumped in.

The feel of the water was amazing. It was warm, but not too warm as the water from the mountain was colder. 

"How deep does this thing go?" I asked just as he came up again from under water. 

"Who knows? I haven't shown this place to anyone else yet and I think nobody from the town knows as well." He replied while getting out. 

I could see every part of him. 

"What the hell!? Why am I looking at him? I'm not gay." I thought to myself and turned away. 

He jumped in again causing a small wave to ripple over the pool. He repeated the process and I found myself looking at him again. I quickly moved my eyes to a different angle and pretended to watch some of the orange and blue birds flying around.

"Why don't you join me?" He asked while climbing out again just to jump back in. 

"Yeah! sounds good to me." I said while looking at him jumping in again.

I could see his flaccid dick flopping around as he moved and jumped. He seemed to be about the same size as mine. I would get about 8 inches erect, but unlike him, I am not circumcised. Why did I just think of his dick? What's wrong me? I shrugged it off as not having had a wank in over a week and started swimming around in the pool. 

"Do you want to get out and head back?" He asked after coming up again for like the tenth time. "No it's cool. We can swim a bit more if you want." I said while moving around in the pool, looking at the rocks and vines growing up.

We swam for about another 30 minutes when he got out and I saw he had a semi erect dick. I quickly looked away as I wasn't about to be caught looking at his penis. Not that I know why I looked anyway. I guess it just catches your eye. 

"Haha! Look man!" he laughed and to my shock pointed at his dick. 

"Geez dude! Put that shit away before you poke someone's eye out!" I laughed, not knowing if I should be looking at him naked anyway. 

It made me feel weird looking at another guy's dick. I mean, I have always seen other guys naked in the locker rooms, but I have never looked at them.

He quickly puts his underwear and pants back on. I followed suit and about an hour later I was safely back at home. 

"I'll come round to your place a bit later if you want. Have to go and help my mom out with some stuff first." He said while I climbed over the last tree root before entering my backyard. 

"Yeah sure. My dad isn't at home and I don't have anything else to do anyway." I said and started walking towards the house. 

"Oh and thanks for the swim man! Was awesome!" I yelled back just as he entered back in the forest.

Part three to follow soon