 The next morning I woke up and remembered what transpired with Jürgen the night before. How he seduced me with kisses and knew exactly what he was doing to me. I remembered how beautiful he was and how I couldn't control myself.

Within a minute of thinking about this stuff I was hard again but not like my usual hard on, it was rock hard and leaking pre cum from being so aroused. 

Within a minute of pulling on it I came all over my stomach. I got up to get ready for work and I saw Jurgen's speedo on the floor where he left it. I grabbed it and wiped myself off and had a shower. Then went upstairs and had some breakfast.

As I walked into the kitchen the family was all there eating cereal. Jürgen was there at the table and gave me a sexy, knowing smirk. He said "vgood vmorning Yoseph, I hope you got a good sleep" as he looked directly into my eyes with his baby blue ones. I was rock hard again. I was worried someone would notice so I quickly sat at the table even though my toast hadn't popped yet. Luckily nobody noticed. Everybody loaded into the mini van and left. 

Except for Jürgen. He asked if I could drive him to school because it's on my way. I said sure.

Once we were driving he said "Yoseph I really enjoyed vwhat vwe did lastnight. Tonight when everyone is in bed I will go to your Vroom and give you a Swedish massage. My mother is Swedish like I told you yesterday, she taught me how to massage the Swedish way. She also gave me these lips" and he pouted his lips in a duck face and gave me a peck on the lips at the red light. 

I swear there was going to be a pre cum stain on my work pants from my hard on. When I dropped him off he gave me a long hug and I kissed him on the forehead and said goodbye.

My whole day at work I felt like I was in a daze. I kept on thinking about what happened and how much I was getting turned on. A few times my supervisor asked me what was wrong with me. I wondered that myself, was I gay? I've been straight my whole life.  

The thought of being with a man repulsed me. I was into women. But then along came this beautiful, perfect pure blonde boy from Germany with Swedish decent and bright blue eyes and full kissable lips and a slender, tight body.

I was coming to grips about it and kept telling myself that I wasn't gay, it's just that he's so beautiful and has pretty girl like features. But then why did I love sucking his dick so much? Why did he make my dick harder than it's ever been in my life? Why was I so excited about the Swedish massage he promised me tonight?

When I got home from work Jürgen was downstairs on the couch laying across in a speedo with no shirt on. His ass looked amazing. He got up so I could sit beside him. Everyone else was upstairs. Without saying a word he pulled me sideways and shifted himself into a spoon position with his perfect bum pressed hard into my dick. He kept rocking back and forth dry humping me with his ass. Then he turned around and kissed me passionately and I put my tongue in his mouth and we made out hard. 

Then we heard Someone coming down the stairs and we immediately pulled apart.

I ran into my room to hide my hard on. I got out of my work clothes and sure enough there was a huge wet spot from my pre cum just like I predicted.

When we went up the stairs for dinner Jürgen was in front of me and stopped and pushed his bum into my crotch and rocked back and fourth then turned around and smiled again and kissed me hard, this time he was shoving his tongue down my throat. Suddenly I heard Karl yell for us to hurry up our supper was getting cold.

After dinner in the kitchen I was standing behind Jürgen who bent over to put his dish in the dishwasher and he turned around and smiled at me and rocked his hips back and forth again. Then he announced he was going down to his room to do some homework. Me and Karl watched the hockey game and hung out until bed time. My heart was pounding in anticipation for my massage. 

I went downstairs and got undressed and went to bed. Sure enough within 15 minutes Jürgen came sneaking into my room in another speedo and had that sexy smirk on his face. He said "time for massage now hahaha" and climbed on top of me and started kissing me passionately again. 

He took my boxers off and took his speedo off. He turned my onto my stomach and started rubbing me up abd down from head to toe. Then he started kneeding my back and got tougher but it felt good. I was surprised someone so slender has such strong hands. It must be the Swedish touch? 

Then he turned me over on my back and started rubbing my chest looking directly into my eyes. Then he smiled like he knew he was in control and I was putty in his hands. Then he kissed me and grabbed my cock. He kissed me all the way down my torso to my feet then worked his was up to my cock. He started playing with it with his hands and said " well Yoseph, luckily for you the Asian's are not the only ones who provide happy endings after the massage." Then he put my dick in his mouth and I felt like I was in heaven. 

Oddly though he wouldn't let me come. He just kept playing with it and teasing me. Then he stopped again and said "Yoseph I Vwant you to do something for me, I vwant you to vfuck me,yes?" And my cock was so lubed up from his saliva that before I could say anything he climbed on top of me abd I was inside him. 

He had been dropping not so suddle hints with me all day pushing his ass into me. I should of known this was what he wanted. I used to love it when I could lay on my back and have my wife ride me, but that pailed in comparison to what was transpiring right now and the sinful pleasure I was getting from it. He was so tight I could barely fit it in yet it felt like I belonged inside him. 

After awhile he climbed off me and I mounted him and started fucking him from behind and somehow he was flexible enough to turn around and give me that sexy smile while I pounded into him. Just as he kissed me and our toungues were entwined I came inside of him and it was the biggest load I'd ever shot in my life which was odd considering how many times I'd came in the last 24 hours. I completely flooded him with my seaman.

After that we cuddled facing each other with our faces really close and he was quiet and just kept looking at me with his bright blue eyes and I just held him closer and was enjoying the moment. 

I realized suddenly that his hard cock was pushing up against my belly. 

I kissed my way down his slender body and started giving his cock pecks all up and down the shaft and head then took him in my mouth. Unlike the night before, this time I was taking my time. I kept on marvelling it's beautiful shape and touching it and learning how it responded to the different things I did. 

I loved how the ring of the head felt rubbing up my lips. I loved kissing his balls and smelling his sweet sweat. Finally I decided to let him cum down my threat. 

That's right. A 40 year old straight man let an 18 year old German boy cum down his throat and I loved it. But this wasn't any boy, this was the most beautiful boy on earth and I was hooked. 

TO BE CONTINUED...