 The Forest Part 5

Chapter One

When I woke up the next morning, it took me a few seconds to remember where I am and what happened last night. William was still sleeping next to me snoring softly. He was lying on his stomach and I could just see his chest move up and down as he breathed.

I pulled myself up in a sitting position and took a look around. There was more light coming in now, but from the lack of sunlight, I knew the fog must still be as thick as ever outside. I felt a wisp of cold air rush over me and again cursed myself for not having a jacket or something.

As I sat on the bed, I looked down towards my sock covered feat. I felt miserable wondering what my dad was going through. He must have half the town by now searching for me. The idea of my dad looking for me wasn't giving me the courage to feel any better. We were miles inside the forest. It could take them weeks to find us.

William next to me stirred and turned his head in the other direction. He was still sleeping softly. I contemplated waking him, but stopped midway as my hand reached towards him. There was no use in waking him as there weren't anything we could do, so I left him to get some more sleep. I couldn't help but look at his defined body lying next to me. The memories of last night came back rushing to me with a force like a bullet and I felt myself blush, but at the same time felt a pinch of guilt inside my chest. I have never done anything like that before, but at the same time I'm not disappointed that it DID happen.

I slowly got up from the bed and walked towards the small wooden door. It was still slightly ajar and I felt a sip of cold wind blowing inside. I felt my skin turn on edge again as the air made my hairs stand up. I slowly pushed the mouldy door open and stepped outside.

The cold air hit my face like ice. It wasn't frigid cold, but enough to wake you fully. I looked up towards the sky as to try and see if I could spot anything, but all my eyes met, was white air as if a huge cloud was hovering above me. I could see the familiar train track running along the small wooden cottage shed, but as the tracks were overgrown with green ferns, it was almost impossible to see how far it goes.

I walked towards the edge were the trees were and pulled the front part of my pants down. Eager to have my morning pee. I watched as the yellow stream hit the base of the tree and run down towards the roots. I pulled my head back in relief and watched a blueish bird fly from one branch up towards the other. I was able to keep my eyes on him for only a few seconds before he disappeared in the fog covering the tree tops. As I finished up and pulled my pants back up, I noticed how little of the wooden cottage I could see, being only a few feet away from it.

A sudden rumble in my stomach reminded me how starving I was. I tried to look in any direction for a hint of something to eat, but it was no use. All that was visible was green covered moss floor with ferns and green plants everywhere. The huge shadow of the mountain cliff on my right was making the fog seem thicker than it was. Not that it would have been any better inside the forest. Hardly any sound was escaping the trees and you could barely hear any birds.

I walked back towards the mouth of the cave and kept my footing next to the tracks. Making sure I was able to see where I stepped. As I reached the entrance, I felt the familiar warm moist air blowing over me. I turned back towards the trees and could just make out where we originally came though.

"It can't be that hard to find our way back..." I thought to myself and looked towards the wood logs and ferns.

I gazed once more inside the cave as to try and see if there was anything we could use lying around, but the light was breaking inside and I could barely see anything. I was just about to step a bit closer inside the cave when I heard William yell.

"LIAM!!!.... LIAM!!!" I could tell he sounded panicked.

"I'm here!" I yelled back and walked back towards the cottage.

William's face was almost as white as the fog when I spotted him hurriedly jogging towards me.

"Don't ever go out on your own! Anything could happen and if I lost you..." But his voice trailed off and he looked away.

"Er... Sorry. I didn't mean to. I thought you might need some more sleep, so I left you alone." I quickly apologised seeing the look on his face.

He seemed to have calmed down and his breathing slowed down. He looked at me and moved his head forward, kissed me on the forehead and pulled away. I felt my cheeks go red from blushing and looked down towards the floor. The familiar feeling of having forty butterflies in my stomach was washing all over me again.

"Are you hungry?" He asked and I looked towards him.

I nodded and he pulled me closer to him. I felt his arms wrap around my body as to try and warm me up. I could feel the warmth of his chest against my face. I inhaled as he held on to me and I smelled a mixture of perfume that was still on him and a very light hint of sweat. It didn't smell bad at all. In fact, it made me feel more secure and safe next to him.

I felt him let go and pulled myself away from him.

"Come. We need to find something to eat." He said determined.

I followed him as he walked back towards the cottage. I had no idea as to what his plans were, because to me it looked like the only thing we could eat at this moment was grass and ferns.

Chapter Two

As we reached the cottage he stopped suddenly. He looked up towards the cliff of the mountain and muttered something to himself that I couldn't hear.

"What's wrong?" I asked while copying his gaze towards the cliff.

"Just thinking..." He said thoughtfully.

I could clearly see he WAS thinking to himself. He would look at the trees and mutter something, then turn his head towards the cliff again. I was starting to feel really impatient as I wanted to know what was going through his brain.

"OK. I think I might be able to find us something." He said and walked towards the cliff.

"Will you tell me exactly what your idea is?!" I asked a little too loudly and felt myself getting a little angry.

"Oh. Sorry. I was thinking... There might be Goslings or Cliff Swallow nests on the side of the cliff. They tend to make their nests on the cliff side as to avoid predators." He replied and moved his gaze towards the cliff again.

I don't know how he was picturing this, but I could barely see the side of the mountain in the fog.

"No! That's way too risky. You can hardly see and we have no ropes or safety gear with us. You could fall and break your neck. That would be killing me as well, as I don't know how I would ever be able to get out of this place without you." I quickly said and felt my heart race in my chest.

He was thinking the same thing it would seem as he lost some of his confidence seeing the look in my eyes.

"Maybe... Maybe I'll be fine. I'm a good climber." He said while trying to force a smile on his face.

"Can't we think of something else?" I started pleading. The thought of him falling and leaving me alone was enough to bring me to a panic.

He saw the terrified look on my face and walked towards me.

"Don't worry. I promise I would never leave you alone and would make sure you get out here alive..." He softly whispered to me as he looked directly in my eyes. He leaned in and placed his lips on my forehead again.

"I'll think of something else." He said as he moved away from me. He walked towards the edge of forest and sat next to a particularly large tree, looking upwards as if to see something that would give him an idea.

I didn't know what to do with myself and just followed to sit next to him. I lowered myself down on the soft earth and pushed my back against the tree for support. William was looking at me with a small grin.

"Ninety-four trees in a two-yard radius and you choose to sit almost on top of me." He joked and gave me a sly smile.

I quickly tried to move over away from him, but he grabbed me back and held me against him. My face was against his chest again. I could hear his heart bead steadily next to my ear. There was something about him holding me.

"You know..." He started saying but died off.

"What?" I asked and looked towards his face.

He was just staring in front towards the darkness of the trees.

"I really feel like I can do anything when you are near me like this. I feel like all I want to do is hold on to you and never let go." He said and looked down to face me.

His words hit me and I felt myself go red. I moved my face up and felt his lips touch mine. We kissed slowly. After a few seconds he let his head fell back against the tree and let out a deep sigh.

We must have sat like that for almost an hour when he finally spoke again.

"I need to pee." He said and started to get up.

I pulled away from him and watched as he walked around the tree and yanked his pants down. I just had a small glimpse of his patch of pubic hair before he disappeared behind the tree. I pulled myself up with the tree as support and started brushing some dead leaves off my pants.

"I just had an idea!" He yelled behind the tree and ten seconds later he was facing me again.

"What if we try and set a trap for an animal or something?" He exclaimed as if it's the best idea he ever had.

"Erm..." Was about all I could say as he started speaking again.

"I can set up a snare or something." He said and started looking around as if he was searching for something.

I followed him back towards the cottage as he kept looking around for something to use. He picked up some small sticks of wood from the ground and piled them up.

"See if you can make a fire with this." He said and tore a small piece of fabric from his shirt. He ripped the piece off as if it was paper and I felt myself admiring his strength.

Not that it made any sense to me as how exactly I am going to make a fire. I had nothing on me to even get a flame started. He went back to searching for items to make his snare.

Not wanting to feel useless, I went inside the cottage again as to try and find a lighter or something. I was sure I wasn't going to find anything of that sort inside, but made an effort anyway. The inside of the cottage was still damp from the open door the previous night. I immediately started moving items around looking for something to use as a source of fire. There was a shelf just above the one side of the room with a few items on top. All covered with dust.

I moved the items around trying to figure what it was. The largest of them was a tin box with nothing inside. The other two pieces were ornaments of some sort. They looked like self-carved figures of animals. One was unmistakably a bear. As I reached the last of the items I let oud a small "yes!".

I couldn't believe it. It was a large box of matches. They looked ancient, but seemed they might still be able to work. A sudden wave of relief ran over me as I knew we would be able to cook what and IF William should be able to catch anything.

I went back outside and saw the fog hanging over the trees like a white curtain by a window. I was just about to call out to William when he came around the corner with planks of wood.

"I think we should try this for fire food rather. This feels a lot drier than the pieces I picked from the floor." He said and dropped them on the ground with a small thud.

He walked away again towards the other side of the cottage as I picked up some pieces while trying to figure out where the best place would be to make a fire.

An hour later I was standing next to a fire that was slowly starting to grow and felt the heat glow over my body. It took a lot of swearing and patience, but I was eventually able to get the fire going. William was moving around a lot and eventually he disappeared somewhere behind the trees in the fog.

I assumed he was looking for a spot to build his snare. He told me that they had a deer some time last year that came and ate his mom's plants in her garden every afternoon and so was forced to learn how to build one. By the third day he caught it.

About twenty minutes later William came out from between the trees looking very pleased with himself.

"If we lucky, we might have something to eat in the next few hours." He said sounding excited.

I was sitting next to the fire on a large piece of wood. He came and sat next to me.

"Wow nice job with the fire man! Feels really good on my skin." He said as he lifts his shirt over his stomach to let the heat touch his skin directly. I felt myself look at his abs and saw the dark trail of hair leading down towards his package. I quickly turned my gaze back towards the fire which was now crackling.

"I just need to go check every two hours or so on the snare. I placed it next to a tree where I found some prints in the ground." He said and pulled his shirt down again.

We sat in silence next to the fire and watched the flames dance over the wood. It was mesmerizing and made my mind feel foggy and sleepy. The warmth of the fire was heating me up also and I felt amazingly comfortable even though I was sitting on a hard piece of wood the whole time.

When William went to go check the first time at his snare, he returned looking sullen.

"I really hoped I would have caught something by now." He said while falling with a soft thud on the mossed earth next to the fire.

I didn't say anything and turned my stare back at the fire. I felt miserable. All I wished was to be back at home again. I kept thinking what my dad was going through. Was he ok? William was now lying on his back, with the side of his body not too far away from the nearest burning log. He was staring up towards the white fog sky ahead of us.

I felt a sudden urge to lay down next to him. He was lying with both his hands on his chest nor was he wasn't blinking and it seemed like he was deep in thought. I turned to look at the fire again and placed my head on my both my hands while resting my elbows on my knees, letting out a deep sigh.

Chapter Three

A loud "hoot" above me brought my mind back to the reality of where I was. I must have been focused on the flames for a while, thinking deeply. William was sleeping. He somehow fell asleep right next to the burning fire. I guess the moss on the ground was making for a nice soft bed. He was slowly breathing and I watched his chest move ever so slightly as he inhaled. The fire made his skin glow making it seemed darker, but still light in complexion.

I moved my eyes over the dark shirt he was wearing. I could just make out the shape of his flaccid dick inside his pants. It was edged to the left side of his body. My heart rate increase with twenty beats as I felt myself urge closer towards him. Trying not to make a sound, I crouched down on my knees and slowly climbed over his legs, careful not to touch him. His muscular legs were laying slightly apart from each other.

He made a low sound from his chest and I stopped in my tracks. He turned his head towards the fire, letting out another breath of air. He was still asleep it seemed as I watched his face carefully. His short brown hair looked almost golden with the light of the fire running over them. I felt my inner desire to touch him increase. There was a need inside me. I never knew I would be able to feel like this towards someone, let alone a guy.

I shifted my hand closer towards the bulge in his pants. I really just wanted to feel it again. As my hand got closer, I could feel the warmth of his body penetrate my skin. My finger made contact to the soft but firm line of his dick. I closer two fingers around the shaft and felt his dick between the thin fabric of the pants he was wearing. As I moved my fingers along the length of his impressive member, I felt him start to get hard. It was like my mind was on fire. I didn't want to stop and felt my heart pound in my chest.

He was getting fully erect now and his dick was fighting with his waistband to get out. I looked towards him and made sure he was still asleep. His face didn't move and I could just make out the slow breathing of his chest. I placed another finger at the tip of his waistband and slowly pushed my finger underneath it, making sure to hold his underwear as well. I lifted both slowly up and tried to pull it down. His erect dick quickly sprang out from the sudden freedom.

As I pulled more down, I smelled the familiar musky smell of his crotch. The dark pubic hairs were nested at the start of the base leading down towards his full balls hanging below. As I hold on to his pants with my left hand, I slowly reached out with my right and placed all my fingers around him. His dick was hard as steel, but at the same time very soft as well. I could just make out the veins running along the thickness of his member. It was such an impressive sight.

I slowly started pulling his foreskin down while keeping my eyes fixed on his face. I really didn't want him to wake up and find me holding on to his dick. What if he thought I was some kind of pervert? Yet at the same time, him waking up seemed to make me want him more. Never in my life did I think I would ever be doing something like this.

I could feel the hardness of my own dick pressing against my jockey. I was slowly pulling his foreskin up and down, making sure he wasn't waking up. After about two minutes of slowly jerking him, a small droplet formed at the tip of his dick. My mouth watered to taste it. I made sure again he was asleep and slowly lowered my tongue towards the drop. It was extremely sweet to taste, but made me hungry for more. I lowered my mouth over the top of his dick and let him enter me.

A soft moan escaped his mouth and made me stop dead in my tracks. I quickly pulled him out again and watched his face. He was still asleep. I felt my heart pound in my chest. Maybe I was risking it too much? Maybe I should pull his pants back up and stop? But as I was thinking it, I felt myself lower towards his throbbing dick again. He was rock hard and more pre-cum was leaking out.

I slowly started sucking whilst moving my head up and down. Trying each turn to go deeper and take more of him inside my mouth. I would close my eyes and swirl my tongue around the head as I reach the top and go down all the way again. I was getting into it more and more and eventually stopped watching to see if he was still asleep. Driven by pure lust.

I increased my pace while sucking harder on the head. I would pull my mouth off and quickly jerk his foreskin up and down just to take him back inside again. He was breathing faster and I could tell he was getting close. I increased my movements and kept only the head in my mouth. I felt him tense up and his dick swelled in my mouth. A thick stream of cum hit the back of my throat. I continued my pace and felt three more spurt blast out the end of his dick. He was making small moaning sounds the whole time he was cumming. As I felt the last few drops came out I slowed down and pulled off from his dick, leaving a huge load of sperm in my mouth. Not knowing what to do, I swallowed it all. The taste was not like anything I am used to. It tasted salty, but also had a hint of sweetness to it. I have never tasted my own before.

He was getting flaccid again. Not completely, but enough to fit back inside his pants again. I made sure there was no cum left on his dick, placed it back inside his underwear and pulled his pants over again. He was still sleeping it seemed. I moved away slowly from him and sat back down on the log.

My dick was aching inside my own underwear. Begging to be relieved as well. I moved my thoughts to something else as to make my erection go away. I focused on my hunger and felt my dick go flaccid again. William was breathing slowly and still asleep.

Chapter Four
