 I had recently became alone. My last girlfriend moved out after deciding that she needed to move elsewhere. I had a nice house on a nice little culdesac. My neighbor Rob was also a single guy. He had been divorced the whole time I had lived there. I didn’t know he went both ways until one Saturday when he dropped by.

It was a nice late summer day, I was working on the yard and had just finished mowing. The neighbor was doing the same. He finished not too long after I had and brought over a beer for me. We sat in chairs on my deck. He and I had chatted many times over the months, but hadn’t really talked in depth. I noticed that he was a mellow guy and today looked happy and relaxed in shorts and a t-shirt. 

“So i see that you’re living alone these days.”

“Yeah, she decided that she needed to make moves on her career that involved moving to another city and I really couldn’t make that kind of move at this time.”

“Was it a tough breakup?”

“No, we split nicely.” I replied. “She was good about it and so was I.”

“So are you getting horny?” He asked quite bluntly and it seemed mischievously.

“Yeah, but don’t we all get that way?”

“Well, yes.” He responded.

“How do you handle it?” I asked. “You’ve been single a long time.”

“Yeah, I have.” Rob replied. He paused for a moment. “You seem to be a flexible guy. Would it shock you if I told you that I took care of those needs with other guys?”

I looked over at him. He smiled at me. I thought for a moment and then realized that he did have male visitors over there quite often including a group that came over on Sunday afternoons. My cock was now hard thinking about the fact that he was having men over for sex. I had done some sex with guys in my college days and hadn’t done much since my relationships with women.

I shifted in my chair.

Rob chuckled. “I see that it does find you intrigued.”

I smiled. “I do find it interesting and am not at all offended by the idea.”

“Have you ever tried it?” He asked.

“I did give it a try in college, but haven’t thought about it or done it in years.”

Rob smiled at me. “It seems that you are open to the idea again. Shall we take care of some hard cocks the fun way?”

“Sure.” I got up and led Rob into my living room. I stopped in front of the couch. Rob came in close and embraced me. I could feel his hard cock pressing into mine through his shorts. He moved his face close to mine and we kissed. It was like I hadn’t even stopped for a break in years. The joys of sex with a man came back to me. Rob’s lips we soft and his tongue was seeking mine. My hands found his back and explored his ass cheeks. Rob’s arms pulled me close.

Rob broke the embrace. “Let’s get naked.” 

I stripped quickly and noticed that Rob had nothing on under those shorts. His cock popped right out. It was nicely sized at about 7 and half inches and was cut. He had a thick bush of pubic hair and a nice sized ball sack. He stood and watched me finish getting naked. My cock was also standing at full erection.

“Nice.” Rob said. 

We moved back together into an embrace, enjoying our naked bodies pressed together. We kissed more. I felt his hard cock pressing into me as mine did the same to him.

I moved Rob to sit on the couch. I gently spread his legs and got between them. I moved my mouth straight to his cock. It was like a hunger that I had forgotten I had. I took the tip of his cock in my mouth and licked around the tip. I then took his cock deeper into my mouth.

“Oh my.” Rob moaned. “You have done this before.”

I took his cock in as deep as I could and began sucking it in and out. It was fun to have a man’s penis in my mouth again. I did all the things I like in a good head job. I sucked in an out and licked the ridge on the bottom side of the cock. I took time to lick and fondle his balls. I licked the cock head and slit at the end. I also gave his cock a good sucking, just going up and down. Rob was soon breathing hard and his cock was getting stiffer.

“Oh yeah!!!” Rob moaned again.

I continued sucking the cock taking it in as deep as I could. Rob was soon ready and I was rewarded with a loud moan as his cock spurted his load on to my tongue. I sucked hard to get all of his cum. His cock soon went limp and I let it fall out of my mouth. 

Rob sighed. “Oh yeah. I don’t know why I waited this long to see if you liked this.”

“I’m glad you came over.” I said. “I like your cock.” I sat next to him on the couch.  “I think that you’ll be a hit in the group. We can use another guy.” Rob said as he reached over and fondled my still hard cock. “I think I’ll return the favor and we can see what we like from there. Are you busy tonight?”

“Well,” I smiled. “I didn’t have any plans earlier. But if you don’t have anything. . “

“I don’t.” He said. “So would you mind spending it naked with me?”

“Cool.” I said.

“Are you open to group scenes?”

“Yes.” My cock hardened even more.

Rob smiled feeling my cock harden more in his hand. “I’ll call one of my friends and we can have a 3 some.” Rob went to my phone and made a call. His friend Gary would be joining us in about an hour.

“Now let me give you some relief.”

I leaned back in the couch as Rob got between my legs a took my cock into his mouth. He was a pro. He gave my cock some wonderful oral loving and I soon was moaning and unloading cum into his mouth. 

We took a break. Soon I heard the doorbell and let Rob go answer it. Gary was guy about 5 years older than us. He was in ok shape. He smiled as Rob introduced me to him.

“I see that I’m over dressed.” Gary said with a grin and began removing his clothing. He was soon naked and was sporting a cock of similar size to Rob’s only a bit thicker.

He sat on the couch next to me, with Rob on the other side. Rob and I soon had matching erections.

“Tom here, gives excellent head, Gary. I was thinking about trying his ass. Are you open to that, Tom?”

“Oh yeah.” I said. Gary had been fondling my cock, he smiled as it got harder. “I used to enjoy that quite a bit.”

“I’ll make sure that you will enjoy it again.” Rob said. 

Rob had me kneel between Gary’s legs and work on his cock, while he got between mine. Rob had gotten some lube and was working a finger into my ass. I was moaning on Gary’s cock as he did that. I had forgotten how good that felt. Soon he had worked two fingers in and was lubing up his cock. I felt his cock head on my ass hole.  “I’m going to slide it in.” Rob said.

I pulled my mouth off Gary’s cock. “Go ahead.”

I felt the cock head touch my ass lips and push in. Rob’s cock head went in easy. Rob moaned as the tip went in. He slide the rest of the cock in to his balls. My ass was filled with hard cock. 

“Oh yeah.” Rob moaned. “Nice ass.”

Rob began sliding his cock in and out. I moaned again on Gary’s cock as the pleasure of Rob’s hard cock fucking my ass spread in my body. 

“Rob, it sounds like his ass is a good as his mouth.” Gary said.

“Better.” Rob moaned. “This is good.” 

Rob began pumping my ass harder, taking long deep strokes with his cock, filling my ass. It was as good as I remembered. I continued to suck deep on Gary’s cock.

“Damn is this great.” Gary said. “Getting head and watching your cock fuck him, Rob.”

“Yeah.” Rob said. “I’m thinking about inviting him to a club event.”

“I’ll agree to that.” Gary moaned. I took some more deeps sucks and was soon Gary was moaning deeply as he shot a load into my mouth. Rob continued to fuck me hard, then too came with another moan,shooting his load into my ass. I rested for a few moments, enjoying the sensation of a cock in my mouth and ass. Soon they pulled out. 

We took a break for some dinner, staying naked the whole time. Then I let Gary fuck me while Rob just watched. He sat on a chair and stroked his cock as Gary had me on my back on the couch, while he kneeled in front and sunk his cock into my ass. Gary fucked me foe a nice long time. He was complimentary of my ass. I was loving being able to get some good cock and sex after a bit of a drought. After Gary came, Rob came over and slide his cock into my just fucked ass and gave me another long fuck. 

"You've really got a hot ass there, Tom." Rob said as gave me some full strokes. I pumped back on his cock as he took his in strokes. It was a joy to be fucked again. I knew I wouldn't be giving this up again. 

After Rob had shot another load of cum into my ass, they let me have a short break.

“I would say that he would fit right into the group, Rob” Gary said.

“Yes and we’ve got an event scheduled for next Sunday too.” Rob said. “Tom, are you interested?”

“Yes.” I said with a grin.

“Good, we’d hate to have that ass going to waste next Sunday.”

We chatted some more and then as the cock’s recovered, we went at it again. I fucked Gary in the ass, while Rob did me. All in all it was a good night.