 Aphex was the greatest super hero of our state. Everyone loved him. And who could blame them. He was beautiful and gentle, heroic and respectful. He had everything a guy could want and women loved. He was 6'6'' tall and had to be at least 400 lbs. He was ripped beyond all definition. You could see his abs and chest strain against the sleeveless spandex he wore as he flew across the city. His back was wider than most doors, and he had to be careful entering rooms because he could easily take chunks of the door frame out. His arms were like bowling balls, huge and powerful, squirming like living creatures when he lifted a bus that would be in danger. His legs were like the columns of city hall, thick and titanic, bulging against the pants he wore, threatening to rip them to shreds every time he squatted. And I loved him. Not the kind of love that passer byes had, enjoying his feats of heroism. No, I loved every inch of his body. I loved the way his jet black hair flowed in the wind as he flew. I loved the black stubble that constantly adorned his face. I loved how his muscles rippled with power as he did nothing more than breathe. I loved his beautiful green eyes as he gazed into the video camera. And I loved how he saved my life one night.

I'm just a normal guy and, long ago it seems, I had no life. I went to work, went to the gym and went home. And I was so very lonely. Some people, myself included, couldn't understand how you could be alone surrounded by people, but I was. I never connected with people at work, I was shy and timid around the guys at the gym, and I was gay and afraid to admit it to myself. I trudged about my daily life, each day the same as the last, and I became more and more lonely, more and more depressed. Finally, after spending tons of time in the gym, making no progress, and reflecting on what there was for me in life, I decided to end it.

I made my way to the roof of my building, 20 stories above the city streets. Sighing my last breath, I stepped off the roof and closed my eyes. My story should have ended there as I plummeted to my death, but fate intervened. Aphex flew by and caught me about 5 feet before I would have hit the ground. I didn't know what had happened and opened my eyes to see the most beautiful man I've ever seen. He had me cradled in his giant arms looking gently at me with his sparkling green eyes and said to me, "Why did you do that? Don't you know you have a lot to live for?"

I couldn't look him in the eyes after that. I just started crying. Me, a grown man, 25 years old, was in the arms of this walking, or should I say flying, dream crying like a baby. He stopped flying along and began to hover. "What's wrong?" he asked me.

I didn't know if I could tell him the truth, but as he hugged me tighter, pressing my head against the pillow of his hard chest, I felt more safe and loved than I ever did in my life. I told him of my problems, my thoughts and most importantly, my deepest fears. He listened and hugged me closer and I felt as if nothing else mattered. He whispered in my ear "Sometimes everyone feels like that. Even I do sometimes. But the biggest thing is that you can't give up. You have to be strong because there's someone out there for you, someone that would miss out on you if you ended your life here."

"But I'm not strong!" I cried. "I'm weak and pathetic, a fat slob with no one in my life to share it with. All the things that I do each day for what I want seem to do no good. What's the whole point?"

He loosened his hug and again I felt weak and unprotected. But he drew me up towards his eyes, holding my 270 bulk as if I were a feather. "You really are sad, aren't you? Why is that? Why don't you have anyone in your life, why do you do things that don't bring you joy? What is the real reason behind it all?"

I gazed into his eyes, then down his square jaw, over his humongous traps, his giant arms, his beautiful chest and his amazing legs. A couple of tears fell from my eyes and I shut them out, trying to keep the pain away. He drew me in closer and whispered, "Ahh, I see."

He rubbed my crotch which was by this time throbbing with such fury, it would've hurt if I hadn't been spilling my emotions everywhere. "And who have you told about you sexual preference?"

I didn't respond. 

"Ahh, are you really that scared of what people might think?"

Again, I couldn't respond.

We began to gently float downward to a nearby building. "You know, there's tons of people that are like you out there. A lot of guys that you might not even recognize feel just like you. You're not alone."

He set me down on a roof, floating gently above my head like a muscled angel. He flexed his arm for me and said, "Some are a lot closer than you think." Taking my hand in his massive paw, he guided it down his ripped chest and let it settle on his meat. I never noticed, but it was swelling against the pants he had on, pulsing like an angry snake, stretching down to his knees and there I realized that there were people out there like me, and here was one of them. 

Sirens began to blare in the distance and I turned to see smoke on the horizon. "I haffa go now. Promise me you won't kill yourself."

I looked up into his blazing eyes, and feeling the throbbing of his crotch, I muttered, "I won't."

He smiled at me and started to float back a bit, "That's a good man. Well, I'm off to save the day again." He chuckled and few off like a rocket.

I stood on that roof for hours watching the blaze in the distance. Even though I felt cold and alone, I had made a promise to him. Plus, I came to the realization that I've never felt so protected or warm as when I was gently floating with him, wrapped him his strong masculine embrace. It was then and there that I decided I wanted to have him or a guy like him. And I would have to live and adjust if I were going to be able to get one. 

After that day, I quit my job, moved out of my apartment and moved downtown. I knew of a hardcore gym that I was always too ashamed to go in, but I had decided that I wanted to be huge like Aphex and I wanted a huge guy like him to be my partner. I had over 15k saved up for a car and I decided to use it to move into an apartment closer to that gym and spend time working out.

I went to the gym the very next day, went in the office with a huge guy, smaller than Aphex but massive in his own right, and I signed up for a year's membership with personal training by him. Then after that, I stepped into the main area. This place had no women and nothing but muscled behemoths. I took a deep breath, trying to calm my racing heart and yelled, "Hello all you huge guys! I'd just like to say that I'm gay!"

I couldn't believe I had just done that. I immediately turned beet red and was about to run to the locker room when I heard a bunch of clapping and laughing. The owner and my trainer walked up to me and said, "You've must have been closeted for a hella long time."

I nodded and the trainer put his arm on my shoulder. I thought the weight of it would make me fall it was so big and dense. He said, "We get a few guys here like you. Don and Leo used to be just like you. Hope you find what you're looking for here." The acceptance I found there was the exact opposite of what I thought I would get and that was the first step in a huge change for me.

I worked out constantly for months, backed by the owner. I radically changed everything about me. I started eating different, I went out more often and I made a ton of friends in the gym. Eventually, I started seeing changes. I was no longer a flabby guy, but instead I had bulked up considerably around the chest and lost a lot of gut. My arms had grown a few inches to a respectable 18 and my legs, which were big from carrying around my weight all my life, were more defined than ever. I even started getting little guys at the gay bar interested. But in the back of my mind, I always wanted that feeling of safety and warmth that I had when I was with Aphex. I finally got my chance one night.

I was walking home from the gym. My gym bag was hanging on my traps and my arms and chest were burning from the workout. I hadn't showered because I didn't have the time before the gym closed. I was sweaty and had stuffed my shirt in my bag. The hot night wasn't doing anything good for me, but it felt good after that workout and the musk I was giving off wasn't that bad.

Anyway, I noticed some TVs on in a nearby store, and this black and green blur grabs my attention. I recognized that costume anywhere. It was my dream man Aphex. The closed captioning on the TV explained the whole situation. Someone had set off a bomb underground and was about to cause a whole block to collapse. Aphex had arrived quick enough to get most of the people out, but there still were people stuck in the building. Suddenly, he started to spin around at a breakneck speed and drilled into the ground. The sinkhole that was created suddenly stopped and everyone realized that Aphex was doing his best to slow the devastation. Firemen and police rushed and cleared the rest of the building, but Aphex was underground for an extremely long time. I feared for my big man because he was holding up an entire block with several skyscrapers on it.

15 minutes I stood there, biting my nails, hoping that the buildings wouldn't collapse before everyone was out. Finally, the sinkhole began to swallow the buildings. I almost pounded on the window thinking "My God, where is Aphex, please let him get out alright." 

My fears were alleviated soon after when the camera zoomed in on a figure coming out of the rubble. But soon, my fears had returned. What was walking out of the rubble was Aphex alright, but something was different. I saw him huge. He had grown while he was underground. His 6'6'' frame looked closer to 8' then and his back which was wider than most doors seemed to dwarf what he used to be. He was hunched over, grunting as he walked and then the cameras slowly went down his torso. I lost my breath when they focused on his arms. If they were bowling balls when he held me in the sky, now they were the size of this 32 inch TV I was watching. The chest that I cried into was so massive, the nipples of his pecs were pointing straight down and the cavern his muscles made was so deep I could almost stick a ruler in between them and lose it. His abs were a 12 pack now, so cut and hard you could bounce bullets off them. 

He stopped walking and was obviously breathing hard. The cameras could see dust and debris flying away from him as he grunted. "He looks like an animal" was what the caption said as he growled in a most muscular fashion. His breaths were deep and primal and he looked like a force of nature on the verge of succumbing to his instinct. Then the cloud of dust cleared a bit and I almost collapsed to the ground.

His pants were gone, and in their place was the most luscious piece of cock I've ever laid my eyes on. I remember that it was partially hard when he saved me and it had reached his knees, but this dick on this muscle behemoth was beyond compare. It stuck out in front of him like a yardstick, but at least a foot longer. Even on TV I could tell that it was insanely thick, like a two liter bottle. I saw the purple head drool precum before they moved the camera away. 

They refocused on his face and I knew something was wrong. Gone were the green eyes that calmed me that fateful night. Instead his eyes were a fiery red, filled with a primal lust that I got on nights I thought about him, expect his gaze was a million times more intense.

He took a few steps forward, his massive feet sinking into the layer of asphalt and the cameras stepped back. He was drooling with a primitive gaze and I was afraid for him. He sniffed the air then looked at the cameras before leaping over their heads. They quickly lost sight of him as he flew into the night.

I felt so horrible. Right before my eyes, Aphex had changed into something, something that I should've felt was wrong, but my cock told me it was more than right. The size, the power, the primal fury that was displayed for me was a fantasy I have never known about. I imagined his raw might crushing cars and demonstrating for me and it got me hard as a rock. I was awoken out of my day dream by what sounded like a meteor falling about 20 feet away from me.

I turned around to see a giant cock pointing at me attached to the huge and pumped body of Aphex. I froze both in fear and arousal, as Aphex began to sniff the air. His cock bounced up and down as he took deep breaths, filling his nose with scents. He turned his head left and right a few times, allowing me to gaze upon his huge thick neck. He finally found what he was looking for when he started to stare at me. He smiled a stunning grin and slowly walked toward me. I could do nothing but stare at the massive physique approaching. He was still hunched forward, showing off his massive chest. His arms at this range looked more than amazing. It was like all the fat evaporated off him and left him with a silk thin layer of skin trying to contain monumental amounts of muscle. He flexed and relaxed with each step, his feet embedding themselves in the asphalt. His legs were bigger than my entire body and seemed to pulse with life of their own. He stood in front of me, his cock pouring its precum onto my head and I still couldn't move. I stood there, staring into his huge sack that had balls bigger than my fists and prepared for the worse. 

His massive hand slowly moved toward me and was about to touch when he suddenly stopped. "No......must........control.......can't........fuck........innocent......" he said in the same gentle voice I remember.

I looked up and saw his eyes flashing from green to red. "Must......fuck......NOW!" came a deep and powerful voice from Aphex. It seemed that my beautiful man was struggling with himself and I was the nucleus of it for now. I did not move an inch. I was too scared of what could happen. He flexed and thrashed, struggling with his inner emotions and I couldn't help but continue to get aroused at I was showered in his pre. I licked my lips and tasted his sweet nectar as he withdrew his hand. 

"Got.....to......get.......away" he said as he turned and moved to the side. He planted his feet and leapt into the sky, leaving me there alone on the street, soaked in his pre. I stood there shocked for just a moment before shouting, "Aphex!!!"

I couldn't believe what had just happened. There I was, licking, no, lapping up the sweet precum left by Aphex, confused at the whole situation. I knew he needed help, but what could I do? He needed to fuck something and a cock that large and thick and oh so good looking couldn't fit in any hole. But, I slowly realized as I licked myself clean that I owed it to him. He saved my life. The least I could do was try. I decided my life was his.

I dropped my gym bag and took off running in the direction he headed. As I ran, I thought about why he stopped at me. I knew he was gay after he saved me, but what was it that made him stop at me? I then realized that he was tracking by scent. Something about me not showering after working out hard must've been attractive to him. But why? And why did he turn into this lust driven muscle god. My mind wandered to every time I saw him on the TV. At the times I watched the news when he was on, I was too busy jerking my meat to notice, but now I realized something very important. When he was doing an interview or at city hall or something, he was always one size. But when he was saving the day, especially after doing something that needed extraordinary strength, he seemed bigger and his cock was always throbbing. Everything finally clicked. His strength, his power, had a natural stimulus. The harder he worked, the more testosterone that was in his system, and the more hormone in his system, the bigger, stronger and more aroused he got. Holding up that enormous weight for so long must have pushed him over the edge. That in turn got me even more aroused. To think, a damn sexy man normally turning into a lustful muscle monster. Damn I wanted him even more.

Following the pot holes he left and the trail of pre, I ended up in a nearby forest. Not too deep in, I heard sounds of trees splintering and the ground being pummeled. I approached the area to see an even bigger Aphex pounding huge indentions into the ground and shoving his huge cock through trees and boulders, leaving holes large enough to fit both my arms into. The area was covered in his sweet nectar and he was breathing even harder. He was still hunched over, growing even more as he growled. I gathered my resolve and stepped into the clearing he made.

He turned to me, his eyes burning red and gave me a lustful stare. I walked a little closer, noticing how much more dense his muscles have gotten. I reached up and touched the tip of his cock and for a moment, Aphex roared back and grabbed me by the shoulders. He looked at me with lust in his eyes, then suddenly pulled back.

"No, I can't.....I.....can't control......myself....Go......quick," he whispered. He turned around and grabbed a giant rock that was bigger than me. Picking it up with ease, he thrust his cock forward, impaling the boulder. With a second thrust, the stone came apart in his hands before falling to the ground in shattered pieces. 

I was stunned, scared, inquisitive, and most importantly, aroused. I stood there for a second before taking off my shoes and pants. Walking closer to him, I reached forward and touched his steel like hamstring and regained his attention. What I said when he turned to me, his eyes flickering from green to red, changed my life forever.

"You saved me and I didn't even thank you. When I didn't care about myself, you cared. Now you're standing here, needing something I can give, and you expect me to turn my back on you when I can help with your greatest need. You saved my life, now I freely give it to you." 

"I can't let..."

I never let him finish that statement. I had already approached him and started to fondle his balls. They were hanging like the speed bag we had at the gym and were filled with the sweet cum that had been building up over the whole day. I heard him moan slightly as I ran my tongue along the hairy sack and I was pleased that a little attention seemed to calm him down. He started to lean back but caught himself. Returning to his fully upright stance, I got to see his beautiful, expanded body. Now, he stood at least 12 feet tall and at least a ton in weight. He was wider than the ancient oak that stood behind him. His muscles looked harder than the stone he just fucked to rubble. I could see veins bigger than my fingers pulse furiously under his thin skin. Such mammoth beauty before me, and it was all mine. I reached up and grasped the cock that stood firm above my head. There was no way I could get my hands around it due to its thickness. I grasped the top of it and pulled myself up. Even with my full weight on his cock, it stood firm like a steel shaft. This got me even more aroused.

While straddling his cock, I locked my legs around it. I slid up to the head of his massive 7 foot pole and cupped my hands under the piss slit. Precum flowed from the head like a water fountain and I greedily collected the bountiful substance. Most of it I stuffed into my mouth, lapping up the wonderful fluid. The rest I covered my naked body with. After I finish giving myself a precum bath, I slowly slid myself down the top of his cock all the way to the base and rubbed my ass in the giant forest that was his crotch. I then used all my leg strength to spring back to the head of this 7 foot pole, and then slowly slid back to the base. 

I repeated this for what seemed to be an eternity. I used my entire body to jack off this super hero giant. I licked the head of this mammoth cock, I covered myself again in his pre, and I did everything I could think of to pleasure him. And in turn, Aphex stood there, panting like a caged beast. The more I slid up and down his cock, the more the tension built. Slowly but evidently, I could feel him grow even more. I could lock my legs around his thick tool, but slowly the meat expanded and forced my legs to come apart. I took it slower, maintaining my balance while sliding along this slick shaft. I stopped at the head again, collected a mouthful of pre, covered myself again with it and made my way to his torso. I reached up and grabbed his abs. He had grown so much that I could stand on his abs like they were steps. I climbed up just enough so that I could reach his nipples. I slid myself around his torso, spreading his pre around and I grabbed the nipple as if it were a hand hold. I could see his cock throbbing furiously and I knew that he needed to cum soon. I took the nipple in both hands, pulled myself up a little so I could stand in the crevice created by his abs, and I squeezed the pec with all my might.
