 Seth was aching with excitement as hunky Rodriguez shut the door. Grinning widely, Rodriguez set down the hand held video camera and pulled off his shirt. Seth hissed in his breath at his acres of golden muscle. He tugged off the buttons of his denim and pulled them off, revealing his thick, beautiful, delicious cock. Nude, he picked up the camera and sat on the couch, the red light beeping as he turned it on. 

They were going to make a fuck video. 

Seth, turned on as hell, began to strip as Rodriguez filmed, trying not to rush in his excitement. Rodriguez filmed, slowly pulling on his big cock, as Seth stripped seductively, pouting sluttily at the camera, touching himself, and anointing his nipples with his fingers, sighing like a bitch in heat. Desire burned in Seth as he saw Rodriguez's big, muscular body sprawled on the sofa, sexy tattoos on his pecs and biceps. 

Seth couldn't wait to suck his big cock. 

Rodriguez grinned behind the camera when Seth was all nude and got on his hands and knees, his ass facing him. "Mmm...spread your ass baby" he said. Seth obeyed. 

"Wider" said Rodriguez, lowering the lens and zooming to intimately film inside Seth's asshole. Seth was so turned on at kneeling on the floor, spreading his asshole wide apart as he was being filmed. Rodriguez still felt it wasn't spread wide enough, and he set the video camera on the sofa and knelt on the floor beside Seth, reaching across and forcing Seth's ass cheeks apart for the camera, ginning with satisfaction. Seth gasped in protest and delight. 

Later, Seth was kneeling in front of Rodriguez who was slouched wide-legged on the sofa, sucking furiously on his cock. Rodriguez filmed him from on top. He made sure to record his thick cock slipping in and out of Seth's mouth. Seth stroked Rodriguez's fuzzy, muscular legs, grinning into the camera as he licked the tip of his cock, kissing it, then flicking his tongue deliciously under the sensitive head as Rodriguez exhaled pleasurably and swore in Spanish. 

After an inimate half-hour blowjob, Seth's smooth body writhed as Rodriguez touched him all over, nuzzling his neck. He squeezed Seth's smooth ass as he nibbled his ear, kissing it. 

"Nice ass, baby" he said in a deep whisper. 

Seth moaned. "What to do you wanna do with my ass" he asked, weak with lust. 

Rodriguez grinned. "I'm gonna fuck it", he said. Seth whimpered. He loved it when Rodriguez talked dirty. Without warning, Rodriguez pried open his ass and slipped a thick finger deep inside and said, almost in a growl, "I'm gonna stuff my hard dick up your tight ass and fuck you RAW! Heard that? I'm gonna fuck you raw!!"

Seth gasped as he forced another finger inside his asshole, making an exquisite hooking action in Seth's tender anal opening.

"I'm gonna fuck you so hard you'll scream...". He began to slide his fingers, whispering gruffly into Seth's ear as he did.

"When you scream babe, I can feel it in my cock..." he was knuckle deep in Seth's asshole. Seth was whimpering uncontrollably. 

"And the more you scream, the harder I FUCK you. FUCK you with my COCK, the one you couldn't stop SUCKING just now. Let's play!"

He unplugged his thick fingers from inside Seth's ass who yelped in frustration. Rodriguez got up from the couch, his superb erection bouncing heavily, and dragged the coffee table in front of the couch. He placed the video camera on the table, aiming directly to the center of the couch. Seth grew impossibly hornier when he remembered they were filming this. Rodriguez sat back down and spread his muscular legs wide. The camera would capture everything from his balls up. 

Rodriguez thwacked his cock seven or eight times on his palm, as if to test how hard it was. He then spat into his hand and stroked his 9 inch uncut delight for a while before shoving his fist down hard, gathering the skin and fully exposing his shiny glans, maximizing the pleasure when he slides his cock into Seth's ass. 

"Ride me" he said. Delirious, Seth straddles him and eases himself onto his dick.

"Fuckkkkkkkkk yeahhhhhhh" Rodriguez sighed as Seth's anal walls molded around his thick shaft, creating a delicious suction. Seth gritted his teeth as his anal cavity stretched to accommodate Rodriguez's turgid shaft. 

Seth rode him hard, sobbing with pleasure. "Yeah! Bet you're loving your big cock fantasy! I'm gonna give you all the cock you can handle!!" said Rodriguez. Seth lost himself in ecstasy, delirious as his ass gripped and tugged exquisitely on Rodriguez's cock. His muscular Latino lover maneuvered his hips roughly, gritting his teeth and hitting intense sweet spots deep inside Seth's ass, growling as Seth screamed with pleasure. 

Forty-five exhausting, violently-pleasurable minutes of cock riding later, Rod slipped his achingly huge cock out of Seth's asshole and reached for the camera. "Get ready" he growled. 

The thought of what was about to happen next made Seth nearly swoon in lust. 

Seth spread himself wide, his asshole in central view of the camera.

Aiming the camera at the hole with one hand, Rodriguez gripped his cock with the other and tugged it hard, five or six times, and plunged his exploding cock deep inside Seth's ass. He came for a full two minutes, roaring as he emptied every jet of semen inside the tight anal cavity. Seth whimpered. Rodriguez then slowly withdrew his still erect cock, zooming the lens in to record the sinfully beautiful creampie – the warm, yellowy, fluid murmur of thick liquid oozing from the anal opening, the flesh around the asshole and the sheets a glistening mess. Zooming out to focus on the totally spent Seth, Rodriguez thought this to be an artful end to a film he was going to watch many, many times.