 My name is Tina Armstrong and I am the hottest woman in the world.

Standing at five foot nine, I am a blonde with dark blue eyes, tan skin, and breast that made a gay man straight.

Actually, my beauty really did cause a gay man to go straight (he's bisexual actually).

It all started at a gay club where I go to when I wanted to just dance. I was wearing a stunning outfit that made me the center of Southbeach. As I entered the club, I ordered a drink and danced my ass off.

Throughout the night, I danced uninterrupted until about one in the morning. 

As I got myself another drink, I saw a tall blonde man staring at me. He was rugged, well toned, and by the look of that huge bulge coming out of his pants, well armed.

Being pretty drunk, I walked up to the man and offered him a drink.

"Sure." The man said in a Texan accent. "I would love to have a drink."

I feel my heart pumping very rapidly as I got a drink for him. After drinking a couple of shots, the Texan got up and offered me a dance. As we dance to the music, I am rubbing my ass against this Texan pelvis. Feeling his harden tool with my ass, it was rock hard and at least about eight inches.

I assumed the man was straight (which was partially true) as he felt my pussy and breasts. God, it is so hot to felt up by a true cowboy.

As we danced, I felt the cowboy lips pressed against mine. Shocks of pleasure over took my body as common sense is thrown out the window. As we made out, I felt him rubbing my harden nipples telling me he is ready.

"My place or yours?" The cowboy asked.

I thought for only a moment. I am really horny right now and wanted to get fucked really badly. And since I was too drunk to drive, I could only come up with only one option.

"The beach!" I gasped.

As we exited the club, I noticed a tall, very well built, body builder eyeing us. It was not a lust in his eyes, but a deep hatred that belonged to a crocodile. I felt my spine turned into ice knowing something bad was going to happen soon.

As we got on the beach, we giggled like a couple of teenagers. Falling on to the sand, I laughed my ass off as I spread my legs before the Cowboy.

"What's your name?" I asked stupidly.

"Billy." Billy said as he unzipped his pants.

"Lovely name." I said. "My name is Tina."

I saw a devilish smirk on Billy's face. Taking out his cock, I saw it was eight inches long. Already erect, it looked like a sword waiting to cut someone in half.

Taking off my soaking wet panties, I spread my legs to expose my hairless pussy. Getting on his knees, Billy rubbed his huge prick against my wet cunt. I felt my clit quivered as Billy continued to torment me.

"Don't tease a lady." I begged. "Give me all you got."

That was all that Billy needed. Taking his behemoth, he slowly pushed it into my cunt. I grind my teeth trying to stay quiet as possible. But the moment his penis pressed against my g-spot, I knew I am going to be one loud bitch.

Fucking me with intense passion, my pussy walls grew smaller with each stroke of Billy's huge cock. At the same time, Billy's tool expand to that of a whale's cock. 

I was squealing with utter joy as Billy's cock kept going in and out of my twat. I was lost in so much pleasure that without noticing, I pulled down my blouse to expose my harden nipples. Billy took notice and started to suck on them.

I screamed even louder.

As I felt my pussy walls squeezing the living life out of Billy's cock, the pressure, building within my lower abdomen, was ready to burst. Just like a active volcano, the pressure kept building, and building, until it took over my whole body. Billy must have read my mind, for he pinched my nipples that broke the final seal.

That was the last straw. I let out a huge cry as my orgasm tore me apart. With that, Billy pulled out and rubbed his huge cock with very violent strokes. Before I knew what happened next, Billy shot his load all over my beautiful body.

It took us a while to understand what happened. And when we did, we gave each other a passionate kiss.

"So..." I said with lustful grin. "How long are you going to be here in South Beach?"

"As long as you want." Billy said.

With that we continued to make out until Billy got hard again.

During the process, I saw a huge figure staring at us. I may have been drunk, but I knew that figure was the same guy from the gay club. As he stared at us for a while, he looked like he picked up his pants, and walked away.

Little did I know that one day, I will see the result of my action.

----

A month passed.

I moved in with Billy in a small apartment.

I know, I know, I should at least get to know the guy but he is such a sweetie. I mean he makes my meals, cleans the apartment, and even tells me his feelings. 

Of course, being great in the sack also helps.

As I enjoyed my month with Billy, I knew was happy. Nothing was going to break this lovely life that I have built.

But I will soon learn that Billy's past will soon bite me in the ass.

----

It had been a long day at work. I felt tired, sore, and ready for a relaxing day. As I washed the sweat I have build from fake wrestling, I heard the door opening.

"Billy?" I asked. "Is that you?"

Opening up the curtains, I saw a masked man pointing a pistol at me. Scared shitless, I thought he was about to kill me. But instead, he took out some plastic ties and told me to turn around. To scare to think, I turned around and let the man tied my hands up.

"Move." The man hissed.

I moved. I dared not to question the situation for I might end up dead.

As I walked down the stairs, I saw Billy tied to the table with four hooded men surrounding him. Being completely naked, I saw Billy had his ass sticking up into the air.

Billy had a stern look on his face. As if he will not break before the intruders.

"On the couch." The man ordered me. 

I sat on the couch with no resistance.

"Today," One of the men spoke. "we will break this bitch down for defying our rules. We will teach him not to betray us and make a mockery of our ways."

"Fuck you!" Billy hissed.

One of the men slapped his ass. Billy let out a cry out in pain.

For some strange reason, seeing Billy like this was a huge turn on for me. How his firm ass was hanging in the air. How he was completely defenseless as he tried to act tuff. How a good looking man such as himself was about to be someone else's bitch. 

I felt my heart hammer with joy, hoping this would lead to an interesting situation.

"Silence!" The man yelled. "For your rebellious behavior, you will be punished."

"What's the punishment?" Billy growled.

"You will see." The man said as he, and his men, start to strip their clothing off.

Right there, I saw the biggest cocks I have ever seen. Each one must have been nine to ten inches long and thicker than my wrist. I felt my pussy swollen as I stared at the huge pricks.

I saw Billy giving them a hateful glare while his cock is erect to full mass.

Is Billy enjoying this, I thought to myself.

Taking out lube, the leader spread Billy's ass cheeks to exposed his asshole. Before he could spread the lube, he saw that I was staring intently at Billy's ass.

"Want to lube him up?" The leader asked.

"Yes." I said in a mousy voice.

Letting go of Billy's ass cheeks, he took his huge penis and stuck it in my face. I felt my mouth drooling as the leader waves his cock in front of me.

"Make me cum and I let you join the fun." The leader said. "Fail and you will have to watch. Deal?"

Without a moment hesitation, I took the leaders cock into my mouth. 

Now, I learn this from a gay friend of mine. I sucked deep into the leader's balls and on the back stroke. I put pressure on my cock by pushing it against the roof of my mouth with all the strength I had in my tongue muscles.

I continued this for what seems like forever. The leader moaned with joy as the rest of the men stroked their cocks violently. Billy had a shocked look on his face as his cock grew bigger and thicker with joy.

Right then and there, I knew Billy was enjoying this.

After sucking the leader for some time, he took hold my head and came right in my mouth. As his dick turned into a limp state, I sallow his sweet tasting cum.

"Fuck!" The leader said breathlessly. "You suck cock like your faggot of a boyfriend here."

I saw Billy's whole body turn red. Telling me that Billy had left out some details out of his life.

"Okay." The leader said as he took out a box cutter. "You may have some fun."

Cutting me loose, I am handed some lube by the leader. I did not need instructions on what the leader wanted me to do. Walking behind Billy, I spread his butt cheeks and gaze at Billy's asshole.

I never did took a good look at Billy's asshole before. To my surprised, it is very dialed and huge. As if someone had been fucking him in the ass for a long time.

"Well?" The leader asked. "What are you waiting for?"

Taking my tongue, I pressed it against Billy's asshole. Billy let out a deep moan as I made long licks from his asshole to his balls. I fondle his balls as I spat on his asshole. As I wet his asshole with my tongue, I took the lube and spread it across my pointer finger. Then I insert it into his asshole.

"Oh God!" Billy moaned.

As I lube his hot and humid asshole, I could not believe how loose it was. I mean I finger enough girls and guys to know a loose asshole. But Billy was ridiculous. His asshole must have been more lose than a gay porn star. Still, Billy did not mind as my fingers hit his prostate. In fact, he moaned like a bitch in heat as I finger his prostate.

"Do you like that, slut?" The leader asked Billy as he walked up right in front of him.

"Yes!" Billy hissed, as I continued to finger his prostate.

"Good." The leader said as he took hold of his semi erect cock. "Now prove to me that men are better cocksuckers."

Standing up to get a better view, I saw the leader took his semi erect cock and stick it into Billy's mouth.

My breath was taken away as my heart skipped a beat. I saw my hot sexy boyfriend sucking the biggest cock in all of humanity. It made my pussy wet ,and swollen, as I watched the leader assault my boyfriends mouth with his giant fuck-stick.

"You like it?" I hissed as I slapped Billy's ass.

Billy could only moan as he continued to suck the leader's dick.

"Do you like this gay ass fucking?" I said in a lustful tone.

Again, Billy could only moan.

"Well," I said as I spread his butt cheek. "today is your lucky day! Come and get it boys!"

Standing in line, the men rubbed their huge cocks as I kept holding Billy's butt cheeks wide open. The first man went behind Billy and lubed his penis up. Then, he rubbed his might sword against my boyfriend's asshole.

"Come on!" I hissed. "Make him squeal!"

That was all the encouragement he needed. I watch as he slowly entered into Billy's asshole. His huge gaping hole took it all as Billy moaned with joy.

I took a seat on the sofa as I watched Billy take it on both fronts.

In and out, I watched as the two biggest cocks I ever seen made Billy moaned with utter joy. I saw Billy huge prick grow with joy as he was lost in an ocean of pure bliss.

"Oh yeah." I said as I spread my legs. "Fuck that bitch!"

I made circular motions with my clit as I watched the fucking. I stuck two fingers into my pussy as I played with my g-spot. I felt the pressure build within me as I continued to watched the ass fucking.

God, whoever thought that man on man action could be so hot.

It did not take me long to cum. And when I did, I let out a huge howler as my pussy let out a huge gush of love juices.

As I regained consciousness, I saw both the leader, and the man who was fucking Billy's ass, shot their huge load into Billy. He was covered in hot semen as he breathed heavily from the fucking.

For one moment, the room was filled with nothing but heavy breathing. Then the next two men came in and started to fuck Billy.

For the next three hours, I watched my boyfriend being used and abused by these walking tripods. Both Billy, and I, moaned with joy as I watched them fucked Billy into submission. I lost count of how many times I came on the couch.

When everyone was done fucking, Billy was covered in semen. Taking their clothes, the intruders walked out of our apartment. 

When they left, I went to kitchen and took out a knife. Cutting Billy loose, Billy gave me a sloppy grin.

"Wow." Billy said. "That was the hottest thing that ever happened to me."

I noticed Billy's cock was still standing up.

"Did you cum?" I asked.

Billy gave me a stunned look.

"No." Billy said. "Why?"

Pushing him on to his back, I slowly lowered myself on to his dick. The feeling of his huge cock, and the images of Billy being butt fucked, made my pussy wet and tight. With just a couple of strokes, both Billy, and I, came with the intensity of an explosion.

"So?" I said with a lewd grin. "Who did you pissed off?"

"A former lover." Billy exhaled. "He was pissed since I dumped him and chose you. Along with the fact that I left the gay mafia."

"I thought that was a bad joke."

"They're real." He said. "And they are going to be back unless I go back to my former lover."

I paused for a moment when Billy said that. I knew that if this continues, Billy might end up with a bad disease. So I knew I have to do something.

"Let them come." I said with a devilish grin. "I promise they would never hurt you again."

---

Keeping to my promise, I recorded the next gangbang. Of course I hid in the closet as they took advantage of Billy. This time they were not wearing any masks. With the recording, I helped arrested the rapists and send them off to prison. Last time I heard, they were being used ,and abused, by skin heads, and home boys.

Billy and I are still together, but I had one condition for Billy. Once a month, we hire some male hookers and have him fucked to submission. It made my pussy wet as I watched the whole thing.

He agreed to my terms as long we get to have intercourse.

Talk about a win-win situation.