  (Is this a gay story? Maybe, maybe not. More bisexual, unless, of course, the Friday Night Club becomes the focus. We'll see.)

The night was supposed to have gone better. I brought her flowers and her favorite champagne. The stage was set with candles glowing and soft music. It was the beginning of the weekend. Yet it never materialized. What should have been a spectacular evening with fireworks ended with a fizzle. Not tonight, I was told. I'm just not in the mood. I'm sorry, maybe tomorrow night. The night wasn't half over and I was frustrated. I told her that I was going to the gym.

I belonged to a small local gym that was open until midnight. Because it was Friday night, I really didn't expect to see a lot of guys there but at least five or six guys were in various stages of working out, some on weights, some on bikes. None of them looked particularly happy. Maybe they were there for the same reason I was. Nothing was happening at home!!

I worked out intensely for about an hour. I was in desperate need of a shower. I went into the locker room, undressed and stepped into the common shower. It was a generous space with many shower heads around the area. A guy had all the privacy he needed to shower, and, if so inclined, he could take care of business without being obvious. 

I picked a place for myself and turned on the shower. I was in no hurry. The hot spray felt great. I didn't really pay much attention but I saw that four other guys had come into the shower. Up to that point I don't think I'd heard more than two words spoken since I got to the gym. Across the shower two of the men had started to talk to each other. I couldn't hear what they were talking about but they seemed fairly engaged. Even though there was a lot of steam from the hot water I could see that one of the men was semi-hard, his penis sticking out almost straight. No more than a minute later, the other guy got down on his knees and started sucking that cock. He sucked for all it was worth. It wasn't long before the suckee was pumping his cock into the sucker's mouth. And then it was over. The guy on his knees wiped his mouth, got up, and shook hands with a guy who had to be a lot happier than he was ten minutes before. No one seemed to really care. I didn't want to stare so I just kept showering, glancing over when I thought I could. My own cock was starting to chub up.

Within a minute another guy took the empty place next to the cocksucker. Some words were spoken and then the same thing happened. The guy that gave the blowjob was now working on the guy that stepped up beside him. Although there was a still a lot of steam in the shower, I could see everything. Now, I couldn't turn away. The guy who was being sucked had a long cock that just disappeared into the sucker's mouth. The sucker put his hands on the ass of the recipient and pulled him in, deepthroating him. It wasn't long before the standing man pushed himself away, withdrawing his now limp cock from the cocksucker's mouth. Again the cocksucker licked his lips, getting every last bit of cum. 

There was something going on here and I wanted to be part of it. I needed to be part of it. Before anyone else had a chance to take the open slot, I stepped next to the guy who was doing all the work.

"Hey, how are you doing?" I said in a rather lame way.

"You're new here, aren't you?"

"This is my first time here on a Friday night. To tell you the truth, I'd usually be at home involved with the little woman, if you know what I mean. Unfortunately, what I hoped would happen didn't so I thought I'd come over here and work off my frustrations."

"You're not alone. Welcome to the Friday Night Club! All the guys here are in the same boat as you. Just looking to work off their blue-balls."

"I just saw you blow two guys. What's that all about?"

"This is the Friday Night Club. It began a while back when guys would come here on a Friday night to work out their issues because they were shut down at home. Originally it was just about working out to get rid of the stress of not getting laid. One Friday night, there were a bunch of guys in the shower when one guy started to jerk off. Well, one thing led to another and pretty soon all the guys were jerking off, like a high school circle jerk. Everybody came off and, instead of being embarrassed, everybody began laughing. Someone said that they would have to do this again sometime."

"The masturbating became a regular thing. It actually evolved to a point where the guys were giving each other handjobs. Then, one Friday night, while beating his meat, someone said that it would be really great to get a blowjob. Someone in the group seconded the idea. At that point, one of the guys said he wouldn't mind sucking a cock. The guy who was looking for the blowjob stepped into the middle of the group and said 'Let's do it!' Well, the man who made the offer got down on his knees, took the hard cock in his mouth, and sucked the guy off. When he finally released the guy's dick, it was soft and spent. Someone asked if he could get a blowjob, too. 'Bring 'em on!' was the reply."

"You can guess the rest of the story. Everybody got a blowjob. The cocksucker took six loads and didn't spill a drop. When he was done, he stood up and jerked off. His climax was followed by a round of applause. Every Friday night after that there was some kind of joint activity. The funny part of it was that a different guy volunteered to satisfy the rest of the group each Friday. Guys came and went in and out of the group. There were usually no more than six to eight guys at any time and not always the same guys. One night someone said it would be really nice to get laid instead of the blowjobs and handjobs all the time. A voice was heard to say 'You can get laid if you don't mind fucking my ass!' Someone went to his locker and brought back a bunch of rubbers. The next thing we knew there was a guy leaning against the wall with his legs spread and someone's fucking him up the ass. An hour later, every man in the shower had fucked him."

"Tonight it's my turn to take care of the guys. Now, can I help you out or what?"

This was mind-boggling. I never expected to have this happen. All I wanted to do was work out my issues and then go home, but, well---WOW!! What a great idea! A little clinical but still a great idea.

"By all means!" I exclaimed.

I stepped a little closer as my conversation companion dropped to his knees. My dick, which was semi-hard, had softened substantially but my workout buddy took it in his mouth and started to suck on it. It began to harden at a rapid pace. His technique was excellent. This was a man who knew his stuff. He took my entire cock into his mouth so that his lips were up against my pubic bone. He grabbed the cheeks of my ass and pulled me forward. I could feel his throat stroking my dick when he swallowed. His tongue was massaging my cock. My balls tightened up. I could feel the tingling beginning of my inevitable orgasm. I think my dick swelled up just as I began pumping gobs of cum into his mouth. He kept my dick in his mouth until I was limp.

I stepped back and bumped into a man standing behind me, waiting his turn.

"You done?"

I was done and I was very satisfied. I moved back and watched for a while as everybody was taken care of. I went into the locker room to get dressed. I was all charged up by what I had experienced. Even though I got my rocks off, I was very horny. I hoped my wife changed her mind.

As far as the Friday Night Club was concerned, it was there if I needed it, although I couldn't wait for Friday night to roll around again to see if I'd be returning to the gym. If it was my turn, what would I be, a cocksucker, a top, or a bottom?