 *********AUTHOR'S NOTES**********

Hello everyone, this is my first one shot release. Short and sweet, hope you enjoy. You can check out my other writings under my profile. Also I LOVE getting comments, both good and bad so don't be shy to let me know what you think! -Tariel



Azrael cast his fishing line into the savage lake again. The water was so choppy that he doubted anything would come from his efforts. The breeze wasn't so bad as to prevent him from going out on his boat, but it was making his fishing line go awry as it flew through the air. Azrael tossed his head back in an attempt to force his black hair out of his eyes without releasing his grip on the yellow pole. He sighed in frustration as his hook caught on a large piece of debris he had specifically tried to avoid. He wiped the sweat off his palm onto one of his black pant legs as he proceeded to attempt to salvage his line. The waves continued to pull the drift wood away from him and instead of continuing the battle he pulled out his knife from his pocket. Just as Azrael cut the string, he noticed something white moving on the shore, it was a human figure moving away from the lake and into the shelter of the evergreen trees. Azrael almost tipped the small vessel as he scrambled to the motor, yanking on the cord to get the boat moving. As the engine putted to life he steered it straight toward where he saw the mysterious person vanish.

Azrael hopped out of the boat as he reached the shore and dragged it up the small beach, not bothering to change his wet clothes as he abandoned the small craft to rush into the forest. Azrael wasn't sure why he was chasing after the stranger, but he was certain nobody occupied a cabin near here this year save himself. The closest town was miles away; too far to just walk, he himself took the road to his cabin then went by horse to the lake. Azrael made sure to come up to his family cabin every summer, just because he was in college now didn't mean he was going to break his tradition just to pick up some extra summer classes. Azrael found the small footpath leading up the mountain that he assumed the stranger must have taken.

He jogged to try to catch up and soon found himself surrounded by pine and shrubs and tall unkempt grass. The evening sun shone through the canopy, providing him plenty of light to follow the barely visible trail. He didn't know what force of nature was lighting the fire in his steps, pushing him forward, taunting him to catch up. After an hour of determined hiking Azrael stumbled into an open glen of tall soft grass and wildflowers. 

The sun was just beginning to set which illuminated the silhouette of a young blonde man standing before him. The stranger was clothed in only a pair of torn white cotton pants that were ripped to his knees. Though the pants were tattered and only a string held them in place, the cloth was pristinely clean and almost shone in the sunlight. Azrael found himself captivated by the sight of this creature, his eyes roaming across the tone, tan muscles and gorgeous face to finally lock on a pair of golden eyes staring back at his through blonde locks.

A whisper escaped Azrael's lips, unwilled and without him even realizing he was the one speaking until he heard the sound, "What are you?"

The handsome boy smiled at the question, his white teeth adding even more beauty to the square jaw, perfect cheekbones, strong brow and straight nose.

Azrael blushed slightly at his rude question and quickly amended his words; hoping that the angel before him would not turn his grin into a laugh, "I mean... Who are you?" he took a few cautious steps forward as if he was approaching a wild stag rather than a man.

The stranger smiled at him this time with a softer hint of kindness as he startled Azrael by moving forward deliberately, never breaking his gaze. Suddenly, Azrael had the foreboding that he was the deer as the true hunter began to approach. Up close the anomaly seemed even more breath taking. Azrael seemed frozen where he stood about twenty feet away from the trees. He could try to run for the forest but Azrael thought his chances nigh impossible of escaping the man before him; whom seemed to be perfectly built to chase down and over power any prey. The stranger's chest was magnificent and perfect and Azrael had the urge to run his hands over the smooth skin - what the hell was that? - Azrael was baffled by that thought. He wasn't gay and never felt any attraction to men before. He didn't hate gays or anything, he just wasn't one of them. 

Before he knew it the stranger was standing only a foot away from him. Azrael's hands shot up in front of him as if to repel the predator with his palms and his mouth opened to let out a yelp; instead, he felt the man's fingers entwine with his as his open mouth was invaded by the other's. In an instant Azrael found his defenses abolished along with any memory he had of his Christian parents, republican friends, or his third-year-running girlfriend. All that existed was him, this nature spirit kissing him and the sun warming their bodies.

The kiss seemed to last forever, his hands never released, Azrael lost all awareness of his surroundings as he surrendered his will to this epitome of masculinity. At that moment, Azrael didn't care what happened to him as long as this creature remained with him. He felt his left hand get released, and before he could protest at the loss of contact he felt himself jump automatically as the bulge in his pants became cupped in the stranger's palm.

He broke the kiss, looking at the golden eyes with his wide grey ones. He wasn't sure if he was more surprised by the forward actions of the man touching him or by the fact that he was hard and extremely aroused. While he knew his face was displaying surprise and confusion, the only emotion being shown to him by the stranger was passion.

Azrael felt his right hand released and then a hand gripping the back of his neck and pulling him into a passionate kiss, his crotch was freed from the grasp for a moment as the hand undid the button at his waist and moved within his pants to once again touch his cock.

Azrael let out a little moan as the stranger grabbed ahold of him and began rubbing along his shaft. His boxers gave little resistance to the man's attacks and he could feel his new companion become even more eager as Azrael's own moans of pleasure urged him to continue. He felt the hand behind his neck move down his back to just above his ass. 

Azrael gave out an embarrassing little "gah!" as he felt the stranger maneuver himself to cause Azrael to fall backwards, only the man's strong arm around his waist kept Azrael from landing hard. Instead, Azrael found himself sitting comfortably on the soft grass that had been warmed by the sun all day. His pants and boxers became situated so that his dick was free from the constricting fabric. 

Azrael looked up into the beautiful face, as the stranger knelt on both knees in front of him, just in time to glimpse the flash of a smile as the man leaned forward and claimed his entire length into his hot mouth. Shivers of pleasure coursed through Azrael as he gasped then moaned as he leaned back, his arms supporting his weight, and he tried to spread his legs wider to allow his partner better access.

The shaggy blonde head began to move up and down, forcing Azrael to toss his head back and buck his hips forward slightly. The man paused to catch his breath and Azrael looked back down to watch. Azrael saw precum leak from his tip and witnessed his companion carefully lick the stream back up to the head and then once again swallow his length.

Azrael squeezed his eyes shut tight; holding the image in his mind for just a bit longer. Azrael knew he wouldn't last much longer as he placed his left hand on top of the bobbing blonde locks. He thrust forward one last time, and with a shudder of ecstasy, his seed spilled into the hot mouth that proceeded to swallow eagerly. Rope after rope of cum shot down the stranger's throat as every muscle in Azrael's body tensed in orgasm. The fact that his cock wasn't released from its wet prison only turned him on more and as the cum stopped and his body relaxed. Azrael was still hard and wanting more.

What Azrael had thought was an angel at first he now believed to be an incubus. The waves of sexuality the stranger exuded as he stood to strip his solitary piece of clothing was enough to drive Azrael to the brink of madness; willing to trade his soul to this creature in exchange for more pleasure.

For a brief moment, as Azrael sat there gazing at the sculpted body he wondered if that rather large cock, now in his full view, was planning on entering his extremely virgin ass. Fear gripped him as he knew that it would hurt to have something that big in his tight hole but that he would also be powerless to deny this creature whatever part of his body that the incubus wanted.

To Azrael surprise and utter amazement, instead of lifting his legs to position that intimidating organ at his entrance his new companion positioned a foot on either side of his hips and slowly lowered himself to look him in the face, their hard cocks were mere inches away from rubbing together as Azrael's assailant ran his strong right hand through his short black hair. With his free hand the stranger was able to undo the buttons of his black shirt to expose his pale chest. Azrael wasn't nearly as strong as his new companion but he was rather tone from all his time with his school football team that he kicked for. Once his shirt was out of the way, the empty hand traced a circle around his bare nipple and then made its way down his body to grab ahold of his cock and placed it at the blonde's own entrance, slowly the stranger lowered himself down on Azrael's cock and at the same time his hand grabbed the fistful of hair at the back of Azrael's head. Holding on tightly to the hair there didn't hurt at all, to Azrael's surprise; in fact, it simply allowed the hunter to gain complete control over him. Azrael felt all sensation of freewill flee from his body as he succumbed to every slight desire of this being now fucking him. While it might have been Azrael doing the penetrating, there was no confusion as to who the master was at that moment, Azrael was now a slave to this seductive forest spirit.

Azrael could feel the blonde's ass loosen with every downward motion he made. He wasn't sure how long he could last, despite having already cum once. It was so tight and warm that Azrael began to loose track of where he ended and the stranger began, their bodies became one. The pleasure enveloped them both and between the heavy breaths and the sweat now dripping off them both, little moans of pleasure escaped both their lips.

The ride continued, gaining fervor and Azrael reached his limit, "I... I can't... I'm gonna..." the man didn't stop moving up and down though and as Azrael's body began to freeze in ecstasy the stranger also tensed up as Azrael's seed began to pour into him. Azrael cried out as the ass surrounding his cock tightened its grip on him and caused him even more pleasure. The blonde also cried out in pleasure at the sensation of being filled. The stranger's own cum shot out, splattering both the bare chest of the strong tan incubus and the pale chest of Azrael's, pooling around his navel.

As they caught their breath Azrael looked up into those mesmerizing gold eyes. The stranger gazed back full of love and contentment and slowly dipped his hand into the little pool of cum and offered drenched fingers out for Azrael to taste. Curiosity and the yearning in those gold eyes urged Azrael to open his mouth willingly and lick the fingers clean. Azrael could taste the salty seed of his lover and felt him move forward quickly enough to have their tongues dance around the white hot jizz together in a passionate kiss.

As the stranger stood, replacing his discarded pants, Azrael found himself slightly embarrassed at his lustful actions with a man he had never met before. He wasn't sure what to say now that they were done giving in to pleasure and as he was lost in thought while donning his own clothes. Out of the corner of his eye though he saw the man start to walk away, the sun finished setting and now the moon and stars were their only light, "wait!" Azrael yelled after the stranger, startling them both. The man stopped and looked back at his former prey, "Please... Tell me your name!" he wanted to at least be able to name his only male lover.

The stranger flashed his bright white smile, and his gold eyes sparkled as he said simply before disappearing completely from sight, "You already know it." 

**********

Azrael had resigned himself to the fact that it was the Forest Guardian himself that had seduced him in the woods during his summer break. As school started up again and Azrael found himself once again on the familiar football field and in the musty men's locker room, he put all that had happened to the back of his mind, refusing to tell a soul. He probably wouldn't ever see that stranger again but when Azrael found himself alone, or with his girlfriend, or trying hard to study his mind always wandered to that beautiful blonde that stole his soul.

With Halloween now around the corner Azrael found himself at a loss of what to wear, he thought about dressing as the forest god, Herne, but thought he wouldn't be able to do the deity justice. As he was walking down the hall, once again finding himself thinking about his forest lover, his pace quickening with the heat of his thoughts, felt himself plow into another person as he turned a corner and sent them crashing to the floor.

Azrael was snapped back to reality as he looked down at his victim, it was the science whizz kid from his biology class, Alaric Westing, that topped the whole college in GPA, here fully on academic scholarship. Azrael remembered reading about him in the school paper, plus he knew some of his jock friends that teased him and tried to take advantage of his knowledge. Azrael bent down quickly, apologies rushing out, trying to help the man stand "Oh god, are you okay? My bad, I wasn't paying attention, Alaric." 

"Now you remember my name?" a familiar voice spoke with a hint of laughter.

Azrael's head snapped up as he looked into a very familiar and handsome face, a past a pair of glasses into strong gold eyes. Azrael felt his jaw drop as his at-one-time lover smiled at his reaction. This whole time he had been so close to the man invading his dreams, taunting his morals. Azrael found himself dropping Alaric's arm quickly and instead of fleeing like his mind screamed for him to do he found himself wrapping his arms around the blonde and kissing him fiercely. Azrael felt the strong arms he had been dreaming about wrap around him, holding him close and returning his kiss. Azrael never wanted this moment to end, he would never return to the way things were.