 "So what are you thinking of right now, Jake?" I asked him, watching his hand whacking away at his big dick just like mine was sliding up and down my own similarly large hard-on. "Maybe a girl fingerin' out her pussy and gettin' it all hot and wet, ready for you to eat it...?"

My cousin grinned at me, checking out my chopper getting jerked, as the fattened plum-head of his massive cock swelled more shiny and took on a darker shade of purple. "Sounds pretty good, Shane, but what else you got?"

"Okay... how about some fit dude bendin' over and spreadin' his arse-cheeks open... so you can see his juicy little pucker, lookin' moist and hairy?"

The huge girth of Jake's cock chubbed up still further and became as hard as steel in his frantically pumping hand. The veins webbed across its surface rose upwards in bulbous knots and a sudden gush of precum oozed out from the gaping slit and spread out in an oily sheen across the surface.

"Oh yeah!" he chortled. "That sounds totally fucking hot!"

He flogged himself even faster and I wondered how long he was going to last. His heaving ball-sack strained with the weight of his massive over-filled knackers. I'd always thought that I had a big pair of cods - I used to get embarrassed at school about the way they stood out in two egg-sized mounds on either side of my trouser zipper - but Jake's were a step up even from that!

"I'd kneel down behind him," he grinned, "and shove my face right in there. Have a good lick of his tight little tush!"

"You so wouldn't!" I laughed, surprised how horny I felt to hear him talk like that.

"I fucking would!" he beamed at me, and I knew he really would.

"So let me get this straight," I smirked back. "You'd stick your tongue up some guy's festy brown hole over a girl's hot pussy?"

"Only if I got to fuck him!" he replied, staring at my thick rod as my fist kept slamming up and down it.

"No shit, mate?" I asked. I was getting close myself. "You'd really wanna butt-fuck another dude?"

Jake chortled and nodded but I still couldn't believe it.

"Strewth, like actually do him up his clacker?" I queried, pounding at my dick. "For real, with your dick chockers up his arse?"

"Of course I would," Jake laughed. "I've done it loads of times!"

"What... you mean, with other guys?"

"With guys who are up for it, yeah, why not?! It's just as good as any other sex!"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing - but, God, it was cranking my bone! My cousin rooting other lads' arses while he had a girlfriend he was at it with too!

"And you actually get them to bend over... the two of you goin' at it... one behind the other like a couple of gays?"

Jake laughed again. "There's nothing gay about it! You should try it, Shane! It's the best, man!"

"Better than fuckin' a girl?"

His hand was now pumping his massive prick so fast that the bed was shaking. The headboard right behind where I was squatting was hammering against the wall so loud that his dad in the next room would probably think his son and his nephew were actually doing the thing they were just talking about.

"I dunno about that," he chuckled. "But it's pretty fucking tops!"

"What's so good about it?" I panted, feeling my nuts starting to tingle as the endless thumping of my fist up and down my big shaft right above them made them jiggle about between my legs. "What's so great about shagging another guy's arse?"

"You have no idea 'til you've done it!" Jake gasped. "It's so intense when it's two dudes... the two of you so horny... so sweaty and so up for it... both with rock hard cocks and both desperate to nut off!"

"And you shag them like that? On your bed at uni?"

"Or they shag me!" he grinned. "Or we take it in turns!"

"Fuck!" I called out, my hand a blur on my throbbing bone. The head of it was so bloated and the purple skin was stretched taut and shiny with my goo. "You let other lads stick their woodies up your chuff?"

"I fucking love it!" he beamed at me. "I love having huge knobs splitting my arse in two! Big thick boners with fat bell-ends to really work my boy-cunt and get me gasping!"

He leered at my cock and I knew he was imagining it banging away at his 'boy-cunt' as he'd called it. I cried out, breathless, as my jizz started firing off in long strings from my gaping slit and while I was still cumming, Jake grabbed my left hand and thrust it between his legs, under his giant nuts.

"Feel my arsehole!" he gasped as my sprog kept flinging. "Feel how wide and stretched it is from all the big cocks that have been up it!"

I raised my fingers upwards and groped at how puffy and swollen his huge anal ring felt. It was wet from his sweat and slimy from his bum and the sensation of it, while on one level disgusting, was on another hugely exciting from the knowledge of what had cleaved it open and inflamed its clamped muscle to such an outrageous size.

My cock started spurting with renewed vigour just as Jake's began a much more powerful eruption. I ran my finger around his spasming entrance as he cried out, "Ah yeah! Feel my big fuck-hole!"

Thick ribbons of his cum were spraying from his big pole and he grinned at me, revelling in having me see him enjoy his climax. We both kept wanking frantically, milking our cocks for all they were worth, and as his orgasm subsided I worked the end of my finger up his hot wet hole and grinned into his surprised face when it made him start creaming off more powerfully again.

When our jizz had finally abated and we'd clambered off his bed, we laughed at how covered in spunk we were and how the tip of my finger had a moist brown smear on it.

"All that stuff about bum sex?" I asked him as we cleaned up in his bathroom. "Was it just... you know... wank-off talk?"

"What do you mean?" he asked, wiping his chest off with toilet roll. "Are you asking if I have actually done stuff with other dudes? If we've screwed each other's butts?"

"Well, yeah," I shrugged, washing my hands more thoroughly than I ordinarily would. "I guess what you said was just you messing about, was it?"

"Of course it wasn't!" he called over to me. "A lot of guys these days, Shane - well, in England, at least - are a bit more... well... I guess, 'adventurous' about sex than maybe they were say twenty or thirty years ago..."

"But you're straight," I queried. "You've got a girlfriend and, from what you've told me, the two of you are pretty serious."

"I suppose that's the whole point," he said, tossing the scrunched up tissue into the toilet and flushing it. "The stuff I do with other guys isn't serious at all. It's just sex... a bit of fun with no strings... the two of us busting our nuts, that's all."

"Is it as simple as that?" I asked him through the mirror above the sink. "I mean, don't you form... you know... attachments or whatever?"

"Fucking hell, mate!" he grinned back at me. "I just have sex with dudes - it's not like I'm gay!"

"Is there a difference?" Now I was genuinely confused.

"Of course there's a difference," he laughed. "Gay guys have relationships... they move in together and go shopping for curtains and stuff like that. The shit I get up to... well, there's nothing meaningful about it. It's just mates messing about when the girls aren't around."

"It's a bit more than that," I countered. "I mean, sex is supposed to be... you know... 'special' maybe...?"

I realised how lame I sounded but I couldn't think of a better way of putting it.

Jake roared with laughter as I'd expected him to.

"You wanna get with the times, mate! You guys out there in Oz are still living in the 'fifties!"

===

I'd planned on staying with my dad's brother, my Uncle Robert, for just a few nights to start off my backpacking around the UK before heading across to Europe. As it turned out, though, I had such a beaut time with him and his son Jake - so much happened that was fun and eye-opening - that I decided to stay with them for the whole six weeks of my trip.

My upbringing in Brisbane was conservative to put it mildly. My dad ran our house like a monastery and any references to sexual stuff - even just having to ask for different underwear when my junk was getting too big for my jocks - was totally off-limits.

Now that I'm eighteen, life in my dad's house was feeling cramped and claustrophobic. I guess that's why it felt so liberating to bunk up with Uncle Robert and my cousin Jake.

The very first night when I was getting ready for bed, Jake just walked right into my bedroom in his underwear and sprawled himself out on the chair by the desk. I couldn't help but notice he was stashing a pretty big mound in the pouch of his boxers. Looking back, it's obvious he wanted me to see it.

"Don't you English guys knock when you come into a room?" I asked him with a broad smirk to show him I wasn't really that fussed. Back at home, though, there's no way we'd just walk into each other's bedrooms without knocking and waiting to be asked in.

"Me and dad have an open door policy," my cousin grinned. "Except when I've got Ellie, my girlfriend, over or dad's entertaining Debbie who he's sort of seeing on and off."

"Don't you like your privacy?" I asked him, unbuttoning my jeans.

"I'm not saying the doors always stay open," he shrugged. "But we both like to see what each other's getting up to!"

"Sounds all right," I chuckled, thinking how refreshing it was to be in a house with guys who were so relaxed around each other. I'd always enjoyed the carefree atmosphere between me and my mates in the locker-room after football, and I hoped it would be a bit like that here in my uncle's house.

"I so dig your accent!" Jake laughed. "The way you say 'all right'... like 'aw roigh'... how is it?... 'ahr roight'... no I can't do it..."

"Don't even try, mate!" I laughed, deliberately emphasizing my Australian twang. I found it pretty funny that Jake found my accent that strong because both my parents were born in England and so back home people are always saying I sound like a pom.

When I pulled my jeans down, Jake called out, "Whoa! Looks like you inherited the Furlong gene!"

"The Furlong gene?" I asked, unsure as to why seeing my underwear had caused such a reaction.

"Yeah, you're making a hell of a bulge in your boxers!" 

"Oh, that," I blushed. "It's a bit embarrassing really."

"You shouldn't be embarrassed," he laughed. "You should show it off like I do!"

He raised his hips from the chair and rubbed the straining front of his tight stripy boxer trunks as if he was proud of the enormous mound made by his thick floppy cock and the twin bulges of his nuts.

"You mean it's a family thing?" I asked, stepping out of my daks. "There really is a Furlong gene?"

"I dunno if there's an actual gene," he grinned. "But I'm just as hung as my dad - maybe a bit more so - so we've always joked that it must be inherited."

"Your dad? You've seen his dick? You guys joke about knob size?!"

"Of course I've seen his dick!" Jake laughed. "He used to get hung up about nudity and stuff, but he's pretty cool about it now. I mean, it's all guys together in this house, isn't it?"

"I guess..."

"What about your dad's dick?" Jake asked. "He must have the Furlong gene too...?"

"I've no idea," I shrugged, sitting down on my bed to take off my socks. "Things are really different back home. My dad - your Uncle Richard - is a real wowser if I'm honest. He won't tolerate what he calls 'smut talk' and we never see each other in just our undies, never mind in the buff."

"In that case, you'll find this house a bit of a shock to the system, Shane!" Jake laughed.

"No, I reckon I'll like it," I smiled, finding it surprisingly fun to dag around with my cousin both wearing just our underwear. Jake obviously liked flaunting his over-stocked bulge for me and I found that I also quite enjoyed the way he kept glancing with admiration at the way I was filling out the front of my own well-stretched boxers. "It's nice to able to unwind a bit!"

He got up and walked over to the bedroom door. "I better leave you to it, bud. You must be knackered after the long flight and all the travelling."

"You can say that again."

"It's nice for us to finally meet after all this time. I've been suggesting to dad, since I was like three or something, that we should go out to Oz so I could meet my cousin Shane. I'm what... only two years older than you..."

"Yeah, I've always wondered why dad was so reluctant to come back over to the UK and meet up with the rellies - especially Uncle Robert."

"He usually gets called Rob," Jake told me with a smirk. "Only call him Robert when you want to fuck him off."

"Oh right," I said, wondering how many times I'd called him Uncle Robert on the drive back from Heathrow. "Thanks for letting me know."

Before leaving me to get some desperately-needed sleep, Jake said, "The wifi password is 'tipple', the name of our old cat, and there's a shared drive with the letter F with a shit-load of porn on it. Just in case you want something to... er... help you sleep!"

"Doesn't your dad ever notice it's there?"

"Notice it's there?" Jake laughed. "He practically lives there! There's a directory called 'rob' and another called 'jake'."

"Wow!" I laughed. "This is a pretty open household, isn't it?!"

"Dad's stuff is... well... of a very specific type and probably not for the squeamish, but my stuff's pretty wide-ranging and you'll probably find something you like if you hunt around a bit."

"I'll... er... take a look tomorrow," I said, unsure of how to respond to such a bizarre invitation. "I'm pretty bushed right now and I think I'm just gonna hit the sack."

"Whatever you like," he nodded. "Might be something to do when you wake up at three in the morning and can't get back to sleep."

He went off to bed and I found that, as tired as I was, my interest in what Jake had said was preventing me from getting to sleep. My mind was way too active and there was no way I was going to be able to just lie there and naturally doze off.

I got my tablet out of my backpack, logged into the wifi and quickly found the shared drive that Jake had mentioned. I didn't look in his dad's stuff - I figured it would be full of nuns or schoolgirls or something equally predictable - but instead dived straight into the directory called 'jake'.

Would the computer in his bedroom show what I was doing? Would he know which directories and files I was looking at?

I wasn't sure but I was too curious to care.

There were several subfolders and I tried the one called 'hot'. I tapped on a couple of the movies and found they were pretty standard porn - a girl taking a jacuzzi with a guy coming in to join her and a young stay-at-home mum having a plumber come to visit - but something about them struck me as slightly odd. It took a few more movies for me to figure out what it was: the camera's main focus was always on the guy rather than the girl.

In just about all of the porn I'd seen back in Oz, any guys showing up were basically just a cock on legs: you never got to see their muscles or their faces and you sure as hell never got a lingering shot of their behinds. But this stuff was like straight porn which had been filmed by gay guys. The cameraman seemed fixated on showing off how big the bloke's prick was and how firm his arse-cheeks were - the girl was kind of ignored no matter how cute she looked.

A folder titled 'cool' was full of bisexual threesomes. At first I was like 'meh' - that stuff's never really appealed - but after flicking through a couple I realised, again, that this wasn't run-of-the-mill. It wasn't two girls and a guy like most of the bisexual stuff I'd seen - it was always two guys and one girl, and the guys always got it on together far more than they got up to anything with the bored-looking girl.

"Okay," I thought, "he likes his porn with a few cocks in it. It doesn't make the dude gay. And anyway he said he has a girlfriend."

I clicked on the directory called 'fun' and that was when I started to wonder. This was all gay stuff with the dudes looking buff and the emphasis exclusively directed at the anal. These guys were screwing each other's big solid arses every which way they could - more ways than I knew about since dad always has the family filter switched to max back at home. I realised that, while there was a huge variety in the men's ages and races, the one thing they all had in common was that they were all proudly showing off the most humungous cocks I'd ever seen.

I'd sneaked a look at gay porn before - which guy hasn't? - but the dudes in that had been cutesy pretty-boys, kissing each other's skinny little dicks and looking longingly into each other's eyes. This stuff was in a different league with these worked-out hunks ramming their massive pricks up each other's big gaping arseholes and butt-fucking roughly with their sweat making their straining muscles glisten.

Was this what Jake was into? Was this what he considered 'fun'?

Grabbing my cock and wanking it - it had grown hard in my shorts from all the porn I'd seen - I watched two men frantically fucking doggy-style and wondered if Jake flogged himself off looking at this kind of stuff.

Did his girlfriend know her bloke had a gay side? And that his gay side liked his men well buffed-up and with cocks as long and as thick as their forearms.

I clicked on movie he'd called 'best.mp4', knowing that this was probably one he would regularly return to when he was jerking off. The movie showed a guy in a sort of video booth, kneeling in front of a big hole which had been cut in one wall. It didn't surprise me too much when some other dude's huge hard-on was slowly pushed through it nor that the kneeling bloke eagerly took the thing into his mouth. After a minute or so of really sloppy cock sucking - which was kind of hot to watch, actually - the dude pulled his cock away from the hole, turned around and shoved his backside slap bang against it. I assumed the cocksucker was going to stand up and work his knob between the guy's cheeks but instead he stayed kneeling and - to my gasping surprise - started feeding on the bloke's arse, pushing his tongue right into his hairy crack.

"Oh Jake! Fuck!" I called out as my own cock started spurting.

Even as I was cumming - still spraying my jizz all over the t-shirt I'd worn for thirty-odd hours since putting on back in Brissy - I was hoping to God my cousin couldn't see which of his movies had made my balls start heaving.

===

"You boys were especially noisy last night," Uncle Rob said at breakfast the morning after Jake and I had masturbated on his bed. "A sort of odd, rhythmic, headboard-thumping noisiness."

I blushed, praying for my toast to pop up, but Jake just laughed and said, "Oh yeah, we were just wanking off. Don't worry, dad, I wasn't defiling my little cousin's innocence. Not just yet, anyway."

He chortled with laughter but I blushed even deeper and just stared fixedly at the toaster. I so couldn't believe he'd just said that! Couldn't he have pretended were like - I dunno - sawing some wood or something?

Jake had been the one to start it. I'd found I couldn't sleep, even though I'd been tired on and off most of the day, and when I'd got up to take a pee at about twelve, I'd noticed his bedroom light was still on. We'd chatted together in our jocks, talking about music and stuff, and then Jake had asked - totally out of the blue - if I fancied jerking off with him before we both turned in.

Even before I could say no I'll take a pass on that mate, his semi-hard dick was out of his shorts and he was beating the thing off saying, "I so fucking need this!" The thing was floppy but huge - way bigger than mine at half-mast - and I suddenly felt a wave of fascination watching him tug his foreskin up and down as he slowly boned up to full size right in front of me.
