 2) April ~ FIRST DATES

Cliff was exhausted by the time he left work at 4:00 pm on Thursday afternoon. The group had gotten back early as he expected, but the interns were instructed to unpack the supplies and presentation materials before calling it a day. As tired as he was, he didn't even consider cancelling his dinner plans with Scott, he was looking forward to spending more time with the man.

Cliff stood under the shower for about 30 minutes, letting the hot water relax his tense shoulders and back before realizing it was after 5, and Scott would be there in 20 minutes. He quickly got out and got ready. Even rushing he was barely ready when he heard the knock on his door.

Shoving his wallet into his back pocket with one hand and dragging the other through his still damp hair he moved quickly from his bedroom to the living room door and invited Scott in.

"I'll be ready in just a minute, have a seat," he showed Scott into the living room. "Do you want a drink?"

"No, I'm good, thanks." Scott watched Cliff enter the kitchen and grab his keys and phone off the table. Then he went to a small closet by the door and grabbed a jacket. "Whoa, slow down man, we have time."

Cliff grinned self-consciously, "Sorry, just been an unexpectedly long day and didn't have as much time as I thought I would. I'm ready now."

Scott admired the way Cliff looked, his honey colored hair hanging loose to frame his face. His light brown eyes matched his hair color almost perfectly and seemed to have a light in them. Cliff wore a dark green silky button down shirt with the top two buttons undone tucked into a pair of dark brown cotton pants. He then laughed, "Cliff? You might need shoes..."

Cliff looked down at his socked feet and wiggled his toes, laughing and blushing as he did, "Oops, I guess I'm ALMOST ready to go." He grinned as he grabbed a pair of dark brown dress shoes out of the closet. Carrying both his jacket and his shoes into the living room he sat down to put the shoes on.

He finished and then looked, really looked, at Scott for the first time since he arrived. Starting at his feet, Cliff saw the tips of black cowboy boots peeking out from the hem of a pair of black, new looking jeans. Scott had a leather belt wrapped around the waist of those jeans and a lemon colored polo shirt tucked into the waist band. Like Cliff, his top buttons were undone. In his hand he carried a brown leather jacket. He was clean shaven and his hair was carefully styled, spiked up on top as usual.

"Wow," Cliff said, finally meeting Scott's eyes with his own, "You look great." He stood up, "and I'm really ready to go this time." He grinned.

"You look good too... and now you LOOK ready to go," Scott grinned.

They left the house and got into Scott's everyday vehicle, a Ford F-150 from this century. They chatted as Scott drove to a local steakhouse. Scott asked how the trip went and Cliff explained about his internship. Cliff asked how work went for Scott, and he made some non-committal response about work being work.

At the restaurant they ordered and then continued talking. Scott learned about Cliff growing up in Montana, college there, his family, and why he took the internship. He also found out that Cliff loved theater, camping, and reading.

They both like BBQs, car shows, and baseball. They had similar taste in music and movies. They both liked art, but different types; and museums. Also, both admitted an addiction to mini golf.

Cliff learned that Scott liked going out with friends, preferably somewhere with good music so he could dance, playing guitar, and car races. Then he asked about Scott's family.

"Well, I was raised in group homes and foster homes until I was about 14 years old. I was in a group home where an older couple volunteered. The couple and I really got along and they decided to adopt me, if I would allow it." Scott scoffed, "as though I didn't want a family."

"The cool thing about it was I already knew I was gay, I told them and they still wanted to adopt me. They own a mechanics garage, the man who became my father had been a mechanic when it first opened, but didn't spend much time actually working on the cars anymore. I started working there evenings and summers shortly after I turned 15. It was on a normal run to a junk yard to get parts for a vehicle my father was working on that I found the Mustang. My parents decided it would be a great 'bonding' project for me and my new dad, so as a surprise he had it hauled to his garage."

"After High School I went to college, got a business management degree and got my Occupational Associate's Degree as an automotive service technician. For 3 years after my training I worked in my dad's garage as a mechanic. The past two years he's had me working part time in the offices, learning how to run the business, because he wants to retire soon." Scott watched Cliff's face change from empathetic to confusion at that last statement.

"So, you're saying that I've been getting lessons on automotive repair from the future owner of "The Garage"?" Cliff looked shocked.

"Yep, dad has been turning the business over to me slowly; he expects to be fully retired by the end of this year at the latest." Scott grinned.

"Wow" was Cliff's only response.

They continued to talk and flirt, each subtly watching the other. Whenever their eyes would meet they would catch for a few seconds. Eventually, Cliff yawned, which prompted Scott to check the time.

"We've been here almost 4 hours. I know you've had a long few days, so I think we should go now." Scott said.

Scott insisted on paying for dinner, and as they walked out he lightly rested his hand on the small of Cliff's back, for just a few seconds as he steered him through the door. They continued to talk on the ride home.

As Scott parked the truck, there was a sudden uncomfortable silence. The two men looked at each other awkwardly until Scott grinned and reached for Cliff's hand. He held it in his hands, looking at it he said, "I had a really great time tonight, and I would like to see you again."

Cliff squeezed Scott's hand. "Me too, but next time it's my treat. What would you like to do?"

Scott laughed, "Well, the mini golf course is open on Sunday afternoons and I don't have to work. What do you say we give it a try? Maybe get a pizza or something for dinner after?"

Cliff grinned, "That sounds like fun! This time I will pick you up."

They made the arrangements and then were silent as the awkwardness came back. After a few seconds, Cliff yawned again and Scott released Cliff's hand, "Okay man, it's time for you to go inside."

Both men got out of the truck and Scott followed Cliff to his door. After Cliff unlocked the door, but before he opened it, Scott put his hand on Cliff's shoulder and turned him so Cliff's back was against the door and they were facing each other. Scott stroked his finger lightly down Cliff's jaw line before leaning down and gently kissing Cliff's cheek and then his lips. Cliff returned the kiss, one hand wrapped around Scott's neck, as he slightly parted his lips enough to slightly suck on Scott's lower lip before breaking the kiss. Cliff watched as Scott's eyes slowly opened, and smiled at the slight smoky quality darkening the bright blue.

Cliff couldn't resist giving Scott one more quick kiss before pulling away and murmuring, "Good night Scott, I'll see you Sunday."

"Good night Cliff," Scott responded as he trailed his hand from Cliff's shoulder down his arm and squeezing his hand once before releasing it and turning away toward his truck.

Cliff opened his door but stood watching until Scott got into his truck and pulled away before turning to enter his house. He went straight to his bedroom and fell into a dead sleep that lasted until morning.

---

Sunday afternoon, Cliff pulled up in front of Scott's house to find Scott lounging on the front steps. Scott's 6'1" frame was lazily stretched from sidewalk to porch floor: Feet on the sidewalk, ass on the 3rd step up, elbows on the porch, he was leaning back and appeared to have his eyes closed with his face tilted up toward the sun. Scott's tight t shirt stretched across his chest due to the position he was lounging in. It pulled up just enough to show a bit of skin above his low riding jeans. Cliff jumped out of the Jeep and walked up to Scott.

"Hey, what's up?" he asked, looking down at Scott, laughing as Scott jumped.

"Just enjoying the sun while waiting for my hot date," Scott grinned lecherously at Cliff, taking in the tight, faded jeans and untucked, dark orange, short sleeved button up shirt his date was wearing. The shirt was a bit baggy and had 3 buttons undone, showing just a hint of chest hair.

"Oh, you've got a hot date today huh? Guess that means I'd better get out of here before they show up," Cliff grinned as he turned and pretended to walk away.

Scott grabbed his hand and yanked him back, laughing as he said "get back here, asshole." Then, more seriously in a low voice that was almost a growl, "You ARE my hot date."

Cliff grinned as he pulled his hand away. He turned and then offered his hand out to Scott. When Scott grabbed the offered hand, Cliff pulled to help Scott stand up. Scott continued to hold Cliff's hand as they walked to the Jeep.

The mini golf course was relatively empty, for a Sunday afternoon, and the two men frequently found themselves to be the only ones in an area. They had a fun time, teasing each other.

Scott "accidentally" bumped into Cliff as he swung the club, making him miss his shot. Cliff retaliated by winking and blowing a kiss to Scott when he looked up as he was swinging – Scott ended up completely missing the ball. That gave Cliff the idea that Scott needed lessons, so he got behind him and wrapped his arms around him, his hands on Scott's on the club as he stood on his toes and whispered into Scott's ear, "now concentrate, and swing."

In the end they weren't sure who the winner was because they forgot to keep score after about the eight hole. It had taken over twice as long as normal to get thru the 18 holes, but they both were laughing and had a great time.

They decided to get pizza to go and eat it at Scott's house. When they arrived back at Scott's house, he took Cliff on a tour. The house was much bigger inside than Cliff had first realized. The main floor had a living room, small office, small guest room, a bathroom, and a large kitchen. Upstairs was the master bedroom with an en suite bathroom. There were also two bedrooms and another full bathroom. The full basement had a laundry room and ½ bath. Cliff wondered why Scott needed such a big house for one man.

"I love the space," Scott shrugged. After the tour, Scott turned his radio on to a classical station, and they enjoyed the pizza while sitting on the couch in Scott's living room. After a few pieces each, the mood seemed to get more serious. Sighing, Scott leaned back and rubbed his stomach, "That was good."

"Yeah, the whole afternoon was good," Cliff agreed as he leaned back a few inches away from Scott. Scott removed his hand from his stomach and reached over to grab Cliff's hand. They sat there in silence for a few minutes, just holding hands and listening to the music.

Cliff turned his head to face Scott, only to find Scott watching him. He stared into Scott's eyes, and found they weren't quite as bright as before, they seemed to be just a little smoky. He smiled and leaned toward Scott. Scott leaned in to meet him and they kissed.

Scott let go of Cliff's hand and wrapped his hand around the back of Cliff's head, tangling it in his light brown hair and keeping Cliff from pulling away as he increased the pressure on Cliff's lips. Cliff wrapped his hand around Scott's neck as he moaned softly and parted his lips, gently running his tongue against Scott's lips. Scott responded by opening his lips and plunging his tongue into Cliff's mouth, claiming it completely as he pulled Cliff closer.

RING RING... RING RING... RING RING...

Scott's phone started ringing. The two men reluctantly started to pull away from each other, hesitating when the ringing stopped. Just as they were leaning toward each other the phone started ringing again.

"Damn, I better answer it." Scott complained.

'Yeah, whoever it is, they're persistent." Cliff replied as Scott walked across the living room to where his cordless phone was laying on the charger.

"Hello," Scott growled into the phone. He listened for a few minutes before saying, "When?" His eyes opened wide.

Cliff faintly heard what sounded like sobs coming through the line as the caller started talking again. "Give me 20 minutes." Scott stated, a few seconds later he hung the phone up and turned to Cliff.

"Cliff, man, I'm sorry. I have to go." Scott looked upset.

"What's wrong? Anything I can help with?" Scott asked as he stood up and straightened his shirt.

"Thanks, but no. I can handle it. My best friend, Diana, was just involved in a car accident. She had her baby, only a year old, in the car. It wasn't too serious, but she's at the hospital and needs a ride home, her husband is out of town for a few days." Scott explained as he wrapped his arms around Cliff's waist and kissed his neck.

Cliff pulled Scott close, trying to comfort him, "I'm sorry."

Scott stayed in Cliff's arms for a moment or two before clearing his throat as he pulled away, "I've really got to go, but do you want to come over Tuesday night for dinner? I'll cook?" he asked as he grabbed his jacket and keys.

"You cook? Are you any good?" Cliff pulled back and looked at Cliff skeptically, winking to show that he was teasing.

"Baby, I'm the best you'll ever have, and I can cook too," Scott responded, winking back as he pulled a jacket on.

Cliff groaned, "That was cheap."

Cliff walked with Scott to his truck, "please call me if there's anything I can do." They quickly hugged then Scott left to help his friend and Cliff drove home.

Scott called Cliff later that evening to let him know that Diana and the baby fortunately weren't hurt. She was more shaken up than anything, and needed someone calm to drive them home. Scott stayed with them the rest of the evening and went back home the next morning.

--- 

As the new week began, work was easy for Cliff, even somewhat boring. He enjoyed working with his mentors, and he had become good friends with a few other interns, but the job just didn't capture his interest.

Even as work got easier for Cliff, it got more difficult for Scott. His dad was determined to retire within the next few months. Scott also found out that the office manager/accountant was also talking about retiring. He guessed he should have seen it coming, after all, the guy was his dad's brother. Granted, he was his younger brother, but still getting up there in age. 

Scott's uncle reluctantly agreed to one more year before retiring, with the option to retire earlier if possible. That at least gave him time to decide what to do about a new office manager. Scott was proud of the shop, especially the learning center, which was originally his idea; but he had been spending less time in the shop and more time in the office, and now his shop time was completely going away as he prepared to take over his dad's position. Just that morning he had told Cindy not to schedule him with any more clients unless it was an absolute emergency, or it was Cliff. Cindy smirked at that request; she had thought she'd seen something between those two.

Tuesday night, Scott stopped by the butcher and picked up two prime cuts of steak. He wanted this dinner to be perfect. He decided to cook them over the fire pit in the yard rather than on the BBQ grill. Then, after dinner they could talk by the fire, maybe roast marshmallows.

When Cliff arrived, beer in hand, he walked around to the backyard, and entered through the gate. The yard had a privacy fence all around it. Scott had a fire pit with chairs and benches, a hot tub, a grill, and a nice table and chairs under a tree. It was a great set up for BBQs or small parties.

Cliff took one look at Scott's shirt and laughed. Both men were dressed casually in jeans and t shirts, but Scott's was one of his work t shirts. "Man, that shirt matches your eyes and hair almost perfectly; did you design it for The Garage?"

"Actually, no, although I hear that a lot," Scott answered thoughtfully as he put the steaks on a grate balanced over the fire pit. "My mom decided the colors 20 years ago. This was 5 years before they met and adopted me. The shop had already been open 20 years, but mom decided suddenly it was time for a new look. She says it was a premonition of what was to come."

Once the steaks were on he turned to hug Cliff, "I'm glad you're here."

Cliff hugged back, "I glad you invited me." They kissed before pulling apart.

Dinner went well. The steaks were tender and juicy, the potatoes and corn had baked in the fire pit, and the salad was crisp and cold. Beer just completed the meal. They ate outside, at the picnic table.

After dinner they each took another beer and sat on a bench by the fire which was burning brightly with purple and green in it.

"A piece of copper in there, huh?" Cliff looked at Scott.

"Yep, you guessed it. I like the color it adds to the flames." Scott wrapped his arm around Cliff's shoulder and pulled him close. They sat talking quietly, drinking their beers, and watching the fire.

After a while, Cliff pulled away sitting with his hands on his thighs staring into the fire. "Scott, if I had known we were having a fire I would have brought S'mores makings."

Scott ran his hand through Cliff's light brown, shoulder length hair watching it gleam in the firelight before taking the beer from Cliff's and saying, "Honey, look in the picnic basket over by that chair," he pointed as he grinned at Cliff.

Cliff opened the basket, "OMG, this really is perfect!" he came back and kissed Scott fully and thoroughly before sitting down with the basket and digging through the contents, which had all the makings for S'mores, including roasting forks for the marshmallows.

They spent another enjoyable few minutes roasting marshmallows and eating S'mores. It quickly degenerated into a mini food fight when Scott's melted chocolate got on his fingers and he smeared it into Cliff's cheek. Cliff retaliated by spreading a bit of melted marshmallow on Scott's cheek. They laughed at each other for a moment then their eyes locked and they both quieted. Scott reached over and ran his thumb up Cliff's cheek, removing most of the chocolate. He then lifted the thumb to his mouth and sucked the chocolate off; keeping his eyes locked on Cliff's the entire time. Cliff leaned over and put his open mouth over the marshmallow on Scott's cheek and gently sucked it loose, licking over the spot with his tongue as he pulled away. There was a spot of marshmallow on his lips that he licked away as Scott watched.

Suddenly they were in each others arms, kissing hard. Cliff's tongue was in Scott's mouth, tangling with his tongue. Then it was Scott's turn, forcing his tongue into Cliff's mouth, claiming ownership. Scott's hands were tangled in Cliff's silky hair; he loved the feel of that hair on his hands. One of Cliff's hands was wrapped around Scott's neck, kneading into his hair at the base of his head. The other was wrapped around his torso, feeling his back muscles through the thin t shirt.

Cliff whimpered as he pressed closer to Scott. Scott moaned as he tried to devour Cliff. He moved his lips from Cliff's lips to his jaw, his ear, his neck. Licking and kissing every bare spot he could reach. When he kissed on the lower left part of Cliff's neck, Cliff whined again and arched into Scott. Scott gently sucked and nipped there again, enjoying Cliff's vocal and physical reaction. He kissed his way back up to Cliff's lips for one more heat filled kiss before they both pulled away from each other, panting heavily.
