 Chapter 03: May

The next week flew by. Cliff's job got easier, but the atmosphere was more tense. During discussions with other interns during lunch breaks, he learned that he wasn't the only one with this complaint. Instruction and direction for the interns had slowed dramatically over the past few weeks, and now it was very rare that an intern be given new materials to work on. Occasionally one of the interns would hear an employee whisper something about 'merger' or 'new management', but the employee would stop talking as soon as they saw the intern.

Scott took over running the business, while his father observed and made suggestions as needed. Frank, Scott's dad, had decided not to wait until the end of the year. Since Scott was doing so well, he decided to retire early. Louise, Frank's mom, was excited to have Frank retire so they could do some travelling they had always talked about.

George, Scott's uncle, also continued to talk about retiring. He had originally said he would retire the following April; but Louise and Frank had been on him about going on a few trips with them. 

Cliff and Scott were able to get a few times a week for dinner, or to watch movie, or to talk, and, of course, learn more about their mate's bodies. They talked on the phone the nights they couldn't see each other.

It was a Tuesday night in early May, about five weeks after they met, that Scott decided to drop by unannounced with pizza and a new release. He knew Cliff would be home but they hadn't made plans because Scott expected to work late at the shop that day. Scott also knew how stressful things had been going for Cliff at work, with more and more hints about mergers and secretive meetings for management. Scott's meeting had ended early and he thought it would be great to see his lover rather than just talk on the phone.

Cliff was happy to see Scott and let him in. As Scott sat the pizza down Cliff clicked a few buttons on his laptop, preparing to shut it down. Scott asked what he was doing, and Cliff replied he had put off working on his resume to send emails to his family and a few friends. Scott wanted to know more about them, so Cliff pulled up pictures and explained who each person was. 

They shared the pizza while Cliff showed Scott pictures of his parents and friends: Tom, Cliff's best friend, who went to college in California and was still there, working for some sort of Electronics Company. Bobby, who was sort of Cliff's first boyfriend, had stayed in their hometown and married young due to an unexpected pregnancy. Cliff also had pictures of the wife and baby, now 7 years old.

"Do they know about me?" Scott wondered as he looked at a picture of Cliff's 'sort of' first boyfriend.

"No way, I'm keeping you a deep dark hidden secret," Cliff teased with a smile on his face as he laced his fingers into Scott's. "Are you kidding? Of course they do."

Scott laughed. He pulled Cliff close, so Cliff's back rested on his chest. Wrapping his arms around Cliff's waist, he nodded toward the screen and asked "Tell me about your sort of ex boyfriend there." Cliff thought he detected a bit of jealousy in that statement, but couldn't tell exactly.

"Not much to tell, we knew each other from when we were young. We had similar interests. We went out a few times when we were 17 or 18. Bobby liked to hold hands, kiss, and cuddle. When it came to intimate touching, he couldn't handle it... literally." Cliff raised an eyebrow as he slightly turned and stared pointedly at Scott's crotch. "We discovered he wasn't as bi as he thought; he was just an extremely touchy/feely person with those he considered close. We stayed friends, and a few months later he met his wife."

This, of course, led to a more detailed conversation about past lovers and boyfriends than they had had before. Cliff had only had 4 boyfriends before Scott, 3 of which had become lovers. His last had been 3 years earlier. Scott admitted to having had 10 or so boyfriends, most of whom had become lovers; and a few one night stands. His last had been just a few weeks before meeting Cliff. Both admitted to being versatile, enjoying being either top or bottom. They both tested regularly, and agreed to get tested together soon.

"Scott, how would you like to meet a few of my friends." Cliff asked. Scott looked at Cliff in surprise, "Are they coming to visit?"

Cliff laughed, "No, I meant a few friends I've met here. Jo and Trent are from work and their families. And a few guys I've met around here. I'd like to have a BBQ on Saturday afternoon and invite them to meet you."

"Yeah, honey, I'd love to. But that means you have to come to my place the following Saturday for a BBQ with my friends." Scott grinned.

---

The BBQ that following Saturday went great. Scott met Jo and Trent, both interns with Cliff at NPS. Jo brought her husband Bob, and their baby Sadie. Trent came with his latest girlfriend. Cliff's other friends; Mark, Jake, Paul, and Matt were all gay, guys he had met at one of the gay bars. For the most part they got along okay with Scott. Jake was a little jealous, because he had asked Cliff out and been turned down. Jake just wasn't his type. Matt and Paul were a couple and Scott really got along well with them.

Cliff, Trent, and Jo spoke a little about the changing atmosphere at work, and all agreed something big was coming down. From what little gossip they had heard, they assumed it would be a merger with another Payroll Company. As nobody had learned the new company's name, they were anxious as to where that left them in their internship roles. Jo was only about 2 months away from completing her internship and she HAD been looking forward to a full time position with NPS, at least until recently. Trent had about 4 months left, and hadn't fully committed to staying with NPS. He was keeping his options open, especially with the new unsettling rumors flying around work. Cliff, with 9 months left for his internship, was the most unsettled of the three. He had already known he didn't want a full time commitment with NPS, but he had fully expected to complete the internship, especially for the experience it would provide him when looking for a new job.

While they talked briefly about happenings at work; Scott and Bob fired up the grill. They soon were joined by Matt and Paul. It became clear after a few minutes that Bob wasn't necessarily homophobic, but he was not comfortable being surrounded by gay men discussion Scott and Cliff's new relationship. He quickly excused himself to join his wife.

Jake had mostly avoided any conversation with Scott, which Scott didn't understand at first. Finally, Paul pulled Scott aside and quietly explained that they all met when Cliff first went to "David's", the gay bar in Cliff's area. Cliff had danced once with Jake, and joined Paul, Matt, and Jake at a table for drinks. When the night was over Cliff made it very clear to Jake that they weren't going home together. Jake had been upfront in letting Cliff know he was interested in a fun night, but nothing more. Cliff had explained to Jake that he wasn't into one night stands... he was looking for something more long term.

"Jake still hangs out with us, frankly I don't think he has any other friends he could turn to, but he's still a little miffed about being turned down by Cliff," Paul concluded as he swallowed the last of his beer.

"What about Mark? I don't think he's said more than 5 words since we've arrived?" Scott was curious.

"Mark is Matt's brother. He just moved out here for a job opportunity, he's a chef. Not even Matt is sure about Mark's sexuality, but the poor guy is just so shy he has trouble making friends, so we try to include him as often as possible. I hope he'll find someone he clicks with soon." Paul responded before wandering away to find another drink.

Scott took a swallow of beer as he thought over what he had just been told. Shaking his head, he rejoined the party to find Cliff and Mark standing over the BBQ grill, poking at the steaks with giant forks. Every so often, Mark would say something and Cliff would smile over at him. Scott quickly joined the men, possessively wrapping his arm around Cliff's waist as he asked if they needed help.

"Thanks, baby," Cliff smiled as he kissed Scott's cheek. "Mark here told me his chef training didn't include much for barbeque style cooking. He was hoping to get some hints. I was just explaining that you would be the best for the job... your BBQ skills are so much better than mine."

Scott squeezed Cliff's waist and murmured, "Thanks, honey. Not sure to take that as a compliment, or if you're saying it just to get out of work!"

"Well Scott, you know you're a great teacher," Cliff grinned, "Besides, I have to get into the kitchen and finish a few salads."

"Yes, honey, I'll teach Mark a thing or two about grilling." Cliff grinned as he kissed Cliff's mouth. "You just get the rest of dinner together because this'll be ready soon."

Mark quietly watched the interaction between the two before commenting, "You two are pretty serious about each other, even though you've only dated what... less than a month?

Scott watched Cliff stroll to the kitchen, his shoulder length hair swaying with each movement before answering, "Yes, he's pretty special... What about you? You seeing anyone?"

Mark flipped a few burgers over before mumbling, "No. There's nobody."

They talked a few minutes, Scott trying to get Mark to open up about what he's interested in. Unfortunately, Mark wasn't very forthcoming with the information. About ten minutes later Cliff came out of the house with a salad to go with dinner, which broke up the conversation. Mark carried the plate of meat to Cliff then joined Bob and Matt by the fire pit with a beer. Scott helped Jo chase down Sadie so she could eat.

Cliff would always remember this day as the day he realized he was in love with Scott, even though he didn't tell Scott that yet.

While Cliff arranged the food for a buffet style dinner, he saw Scott on the ground, playing with 2 year old Sadie. He chased her, running on his knees, and when she turned to chase him, he let her tackle him and fell to the ground as she jumped on his stomach. Seeing Scott interact with the child, Cliff's heart melted and he knew he was in love.

The possibility of not having children was the only reason Cliff hated being gay. None of his previous boyfriends had been interested in having a family, but Cliff had always wanted to be a father. Even when he was a young teen he knew he wanted children. It was the possibility of never having kids that made Cliff not accept being gay for a few years as a teen. Finally, he accepted that he may never have kids, but he couldn't condemn himself to a life alone or faking love with a woman, just so he could be the father he wanted to be.

After everyone left, kids were the topic of discussion between Cliff and Scott as they sat cuddling on Cliff's couch. When Scott was younger he always accepted that he was gay, and not becoming a father was a part of that. As he got older, and especially as his friends started having children and he spent more time around them, the more he questioned that belief. Now he knew he would eventually have kids, he just first needed to settle down with the right man.

As the conversation died down, Scott noticed Cliff kept looking at him. There was something new in his eyes, something Scott couldn't quite decipher. Suddenly Cliff leaned over and kissed him, there was a sense of urgency in that kiss. Then Cliff got up and went to his bedroom, "give me 15 minutes then come in here, okay?"

When Scott entered the bedroom, he found Cliff sitting on the edge of the bed in his boxers. He had spread a large towel over the bed, and had a few candles burning. Cliff quietly undressed Scott completely, and directed him to lay face down on the towel. 

Using warmed scented oil, Cliff massaged Scott's shoulders and down his arms to his fingers, then worked his way from Scott's upper back down to his toes. He even massaged some of the warm oil into Scott's ass, maybe paying a bit more attention there than he needed to.

He then turned Scott to lie on his back and repeated the whole process on the front of Scott's body, avoiding his groin until last. After he finished the sensual body massage he set the oil aside and wiped his hands on the towel. Then he turned his attention to the only part of Scott's body that wasn't completely relaxed. Taking Scott's 7" uncut cock in hand, he first played with the foreskin, moving it up and down, fascinated by it. He massaged the heavy, sensitive, shaved balls hanging below the hard hot rod. Looking up at Scott's face, he could see Scott's eyes were closed and he was thoroughly enjoying this treatment.

Cliff spread Scott's thighs so he could lay between them, his face level with Scott's crotch. He sucked on Scott's balls, teasing them gently with his teeth as he rolled each one around in his mouth. He then moved up and lovingly bathed Scott's cock with his tongue, from base to tip. Taking just the tip into his mouth he sucked gently before plunging down and taking as much in as he could. His eye caught that bare, shaved patch of skin above Cliff's cock, and he just had to kiss and suck at it.

Then he sat up and removed his boxers. After a few seconds, Scott opened his eyes to see Cliff kneeling, completely naked, between his legs just staring at him. "Cliff, are you okay?" Scott leaned up and ran his hand over Cliff's hip and thigh.

"Oh yeah," Cliff sighed, "I'm great." He gently pushed Scott back down then reached over him, stretching for the drawer in the bedside table. He underestimated the distance, and ended up collapsing, half on top of Scott. The pinned man took that opportunity to wrap his arms around Cliff and kiss him thoroughly, his tongue insisted on entrance, which Cliff willingly granted. Somehow while Scott was kissing him, Cliff ended up under him.

"Baby, open the top drawer," Cliff panted between kisses, his hands slipping as they ran the length of Scott's back from shoulder to hip.

Scott leaned on one arm and opened the drawer. He looked in, and looked back at Cliff. "Are you sure honey?"

"Oh yeah, I'm sure." He groaned as he flexed his hips, grinding his groin into Scott's. "I want to feel you inside me."

Scott smirked down at Cliff as he grabbed the lube and a condom from the open drawer. He kissed Cliff one more time, this one lasting so long Cliff thought he was going to pass out for lack of oxygen.

Scott finally released Cliff's mouth, and moved off of him. "Turn over, lover, so I can get you ready."

Cliff turned on his stomach, and immediately felt Scott kneel between his legs, massaging his ass and pulling the cheeks apart to reveal his pink rosebud. Scott groaned and leaned over to kiss it. It smelled sweet and clean, and Scott dove in, kissing and licking, devouring Cliff's ass. He couldn't seem to get enough, and as he continued to lick, Cliff's ass relaxed more until he could finally slip his tongue into that sweet opening. Scott made love to Cliff's opening with his tongue until Cliff couldn't take it anymore.

"Baby, I need more." He cried as he trembled beneath Scott's talented tongue.

Reluctantly, Scott pulled his mouth away from that tempting morsel, and lubed his fingers. As his left hand massaging Cliff's lower back and ass, one finger from his right plunged into that enticing hole. He moved it in and out and wiggled it around. Soon he was adding another finger, and another. Once he had three fingers inside Cliff's ass he started gently stretching the hole. 

"Scott, I'm ready." Cliff moaned as he thrust his hips into the bed, trying to get relief for his hard aching cock.

"Turn around; I want to see you when I enter you." Scott softly commanded as he ripped open the condom, put it on, and lubed up. Once Cliff was on his back, he wrapped his arms under his knees, pulling his thighs wide apart and his knees to his chest to give Scott access. Scott knelt between Cliff's thighs; his sheathed cock lined up with Scott's entrance, and reached up and kissed the spot on Cliff's neck that drove Cliff crazy. He sucked gently, and when he felt Cliff shudder beneath him, he pushed, breaching Cliff's hole with almost no resistance. He stayed there, just barely inside for a moment, watching Cliff's face for any signs of discomfort. When he found only pleasure and lust in Cliff's eyes, he pressed in further. Gently he entered Cliff, pushing in then pulling out to push in a little further until he was in completely.

Staying completely in, he moved Cliff's hands to release his legs, and guided those muscular legs until they were wrapped around his hips. Cliff reached up to run his hands over Scott's muscular chest before placing them on his back and pulling him down for a kiss.

Scott, remembering where his tongue had been only moments before, tried to avert his face and kiss Cliff's neck instead. Cliff pulled him up and kissed him firmly, thrusting his tongue into Scott's mouth and wrapping it around Scott's tongue, enticing his tongue to return the favor. They broke apart, gasping for air as Scott moaned incoherently, "Oh, honey... never before, nobody's ever... oh so good."

Scott started thrusting his hips, driving his cock in and out of Cliff's hole, changing the angle, he tried to hit Cliff's prostate. He knew he found it when Cliff's hips sharply angled up to meet his and Cliff's strong legs locked tighter around his hips. Keeping that angle, Scott continued to thrust in and out even as he kissed Cliff again. Cliff was moaning, and whimpering between kisses with each thrust, "Scott, oh, more, harder, yeah baby, right there."

Cliff's cock was crushed between his abdomen and Scott's belly, each thrust created more friction for it. Between that and Scott hitting Cliff's prostate every few strokes, Cliff's orgasm was fast approaching. He tried to let Scott know, "almost there baby, just a little more, oh please."

When Scott heard that he started pumping harder and faster, he wrapped his forearms around Cliff's shoulders, pulling him closer and sucked hard on Cliff's neck, the lower left hand side where the neck meets the shoulder. In that spot that drove Cliff crazy, Scott sucked and bit, while he pumped hard and fast into Cliff's hot, tight ass.

Scott felt Cliff's body tighten seconds before he felt the liquid warmth between their bodies. Scott drove in deep as he could and stayed there, letting Cliff's ass muscles contract around his hard cock, coaxing his own orgasm out of him. Cliff screamed, "Oh, SCOTT, oh yeah, SCOTT" as he came hard, arms, legs, and ass all wrapped tightly around Scott. Scott shuddered and started to tremble as his own orgasm ripped through his body and shot after shot of hot cum went into the condom. "Honey, oh Cliff, so fucking good" Scott cried as he buried his face in Cliff's neck.

They stayed locked into that position for another moment or two after their climaxes subsided, and then Scott collapsed onto Cliff as Cliff's legs unlocked from around Scott's waist and fell limp to the bed.

Breathing hard, and covered in sweat, Scott slowly raised himself high enough to roll onto his back next to Cliff. "Honey, if that gets any better it's gonna kill me." He panted as he looked over to Cliff. He weakly grabbed Cliff's arm and tried to pull him close.

"Yeah, me too, but damn, what a way to go!" Cliff gathered all of his energy to roll over and rest once again on his side cuddled next to his lover, his love, head on Scott's shoulder, arm laying limply across Scott's waist. Scott's arm once again wrapped around his back with his hand on Cliff's hip.

They shared a few soft kisses before dozing off. Cliff woke shivering about twenty minutes later as the sweat dried and cooled his skin. He gently disentangled himself from his lover, taking a moment to gaze at his sleeping face. Cliff sighed; yeah he was definitely in love, before covering Scott with a light blanket. He grabbed the oil soaked towel, blew out the candles, and made his way to the shower.
