 Things were quiet at Mac's Bar that night. I was nursing a beer when a friend of mine called me on my cell. I'd known Todd for some time now. He was one of those work buddies you keep after you've left a job. Tall and muscular, with rugged good looks like an action movie hero, he always got the once over from any girls around, but I knew that the women lusting after him were barking up the totally wrong-ass tree.

Todd wasn't necessarily in or out of the closet – he was just Todd: quiet and discreet about his sexuality. From talking to him, you wouldn't suspect he was gay. We were great friends, and he had never made as much of a flirtation with me. I left well enough alone, but if only he knew that my heterosexual armor had more than a few chinks in it...

For years, my curiosity had been growing, churning within me until last week, when he phoned me at home, just the sound of his voice stirred my manhood into a full erection. I sat on my couch, stiff cock out and stroking it, while he talked about the Lakers, but I would never let on to him that I had reached the bursting point. I was more than ready to taste another man's dick, but not Todd's. Sexual partners tend to come and go, but real friends are precious – not something to play around with and potentially jeopardize. 

Todd said he and a friend had the game on, and did I want to drop by. Nothing was going on at the bar, so I said sure. Little did I know what kind of game he and his friend had on.

Driving over, my mind was on anything but sex, which is unusual for me (or any guy for that matter), and I pulled up in front of his house figuring on an evening downing a few brewskies and screaming at the ref. I could tell by the dark window that they weren't up front in the living room.

The front door was slightly open, so I walked through. I could see light reflected around the corner to the hallway, and figured they were watching the game in the den.

"Hello? – Todd?", I yelled.

After a moment - "Back here!", he called out.

I strolled up the dark hallway toward the light coming through a crack in the door.

I pushed the door open.

"So who's winning? What's the..." I stopped in mid sentence.

There, on the couch, facing me, Todd bounced up and down, impaled on his friend's huge, fat cock. His 8 inches, hard as a rock, jutted straight out at me.

"What the fuck?" I exclaimed, but my own prick had gone from zero to granite-hard in two seconds, and Todd could see this.

Todd spoke haltingly, obviously close to cumming from the fucking he was getting. He looked at the front of my trousers, where a tent had been erected in his honor.

"Mmmm... I knew it." He was breathing hard. "You can't hide it – not from a man who knows."

"I don't know what you're talking about", I stammered unconvincingly.

Todd stroked his engorged cock and released it. "This is what gay sex looks like. If I'm wrong, then I probably screwed up our friendship... but... if I'm right..."

I instinctively inched my way towards them. Faced with the choice, I could either intellectualize on the situation or just jump in with both feet.

Todd was really moaning now, his breath coming in short gasps. His beautiful stiff rod mesmerized me. I couldn't see his friend's face, but he was panting as Todd wildly thrust his ass on his cock. Without another word, my decision was made – damn the torpedoes and full speed ahead.

I dropped to my knees in front of Todd, and without a moment's hesitation, slid my mouth over the head of his throbbing member and down the shaft until his pubic hair tickled my nose.

"Oh God", he cried, "Suck me – suck my cock."

I reveled in the taste and feel of the first penis to ever touch the back of my throat, holding my lips over my teeth as it invaded my mouth. I sucked hard, my face flushed, my cheeks concave around his dick.

I loved it! The only really manageable thing to do was to position my mouth so that Todd could fuck it with his cock as he rode up and down on his friend's erection. My hands roamed up his smooth chiseled body, tweaking and pinching his nipples, which sent him into overdrive.

"Oh yeah, baby. Oooooh. Feels so good. Suck me David. Suck me while Gary fucks my asshole. Unnhh"

I moaned over his leaking cock, getting my first taste of his essence. I had my own fuckstick out in my hand and was jacking it for all I was worth. Todd increased his rhythm. I could tell he was close – his breath panting in shorter gasps, his cock hardening even more in my mouth. His helmet swelled under my tongue's furious movement. I traced the outline, feeling the definition of his cockhead, stiff within my warm, wet mouth. 

Todd was unintelligible now, moaning and murmuring. I could tell he was almost to the point of no return. His slurred voice reached a higher pitch as he approached his orgasm. I knew what drove me over the edge when I masturbated, and with a minor change, I applied it to my hot stud as he drove his dick insistently into my virgin throat. My saliva ran down the shaft as I got my mouth as juicy as I could for him.

Palming his balls, I continued to suck like a vacuum as I gripped them at the base of his rod and gently pulled down, stretching the skin of his cock tight. Just as the heightened sensitivity in his cockhead caused him to gasp, I began butterfly-licking my tongue rapidly just on the underside of the head, where the helmet meets the shaft. 

My flickering tongue welcomed him to my wide open mouth as his cock danced and jerked at the entrance. Groaning loudly now, his body tensed. Almost there...

"Mmmmm oh fuck ohhh mmmm", was about all the conversation he was good for at that point.

Suddenly, his whole body tensed and shook. I flicked my tongue faster now as he paused, then jutted his hips forward, propelling the first stream of his hot creamy cum straight into my mouth. It hit the back of my throat and trickled down. I kept up my pace as a second huge gob shot into me, this time hitting the roof of my mouth, and falling onto my tongue, so I was able to taste it. 

Everything I'd heard did not do the taste justice. Salty? Sure, I guess, almost metallic – like nothing else I had ever tasted. I was savoring the texture and smell as another spurt filled my mouth, overflowing and running over my lips and down my cheek.

Todd's hands grasped my head now as he shoved his squirting cock deep into my mouth, forcing cum to squeeze out around the shaft. He held my head firmly in place as he shuddered and lobbed another huge wad of sperm into my throat. I swallowed quickly, loving the sticky, slightly burning sensation, as more cum jetted onto my slippery tongue.

The spurts came quickly one after the other as I pulled his cock back out, taking his load on my face as he painted my open mouth with his pearly white sperm. He hit me square under the nose and a thick wad of his hot semen dribbled down onto my upper lip and dripped down into my mouth. 

I must have looked like a glazed donut by now, my face completely covered with his 

hot slimy cum. I felt as nasty as I've ever felt in my life, sucking this stud's seed. I was glad to be a cum pig. I didn't want it to stop.

My own turgid cock was wet with my precum, so my hand rocketed smoothly up and down the shaft. I felt that warm, prickly feeling I get when I'm almost there.

Todd was giving my mouth a hard thrust with each spurt as his load began to exhaust itself. Spent, he held the sides of my head as he looked down at me and smiled.

Just then Gary really started bucking and moaning. Todd slipped off his cock and leaned down, giving me a hot, cum-coated kiss. We lathered his cum between our two tongues as he passionately frenched me. Gary frantically pulled the rubber off his cock, and stroked his 9 inch rod furiously.

Todd looked at me and said, "Do you mind sharing?" I just grinned as we planted our lips on both sides of his cockhead, kissing each other, licking, nibbling, and taking quick turns sucking. 

It was Todd's turn with Gary's cock in his mouth when Gary went stiff as a board and gave a huge jerk of his body, shooting into his throat. Todd opened his mouth and stuck out his tongue, cradling a big wad of Gary's creamy white manseed. Without hesitation I closed my lips over Todd's tongue and sucked the hot cum, now mixed with my own, into my mouth. As I sucked Todd's tongue, Gary's engorged purple cock spat out another load onto our faces. We turned and kissed as each spurt splashed onto our lips, sliding into our mouths and slithering around our tongues. 

Gary's hot cumloads subsided as Todd and I continued to kiss passionately, but my own orgasm was gathering steam. Sensing this, Todd scrambled down onto his back and slid up between my legs so I could straddle his face and feed him my throbbing dick.

"Fuck my mouth, baby – fuck me nasty. I want to taste your cum. In my throat – on my face..." 

He sucked me harder than any woman ever had before, pulling the cum forcibly from my body. I felt like a rag doll within his grasp as his suction sent me reeling over the edge. I almost swooned as I exploded into his mouth. He sucked even harder as I pumped my sperm into his mouth, opening up a little, so I could see it splash out and run down his cheeks and chin. 

I had never come so much in my life, and I held his head like I was fucking a cantaloupe as I thrust and squirted my loads of cream into him, on him, all over. The smell of semen was thick in the room now as I heaved my last wad onto his tongue and collapsed on the floor.

We all three lay there breathless for a few seconds, until Todd rolled over, stroked my nipples and kissed me.

"Welcome to the club", he panted.

Gathering myself after my mindblowing climax, I replied, "Don't forget that I'm just a charter member. Women are still first for me."

Todd looked at me, licked a stream of semen off my lip and said, "That's cool. Whenever you want to play, the game will be on. Switch hitting is fine by me."

And fine by me, too...