 I was just sitting around my apartment feeling horny having just smoked a joint and watching the television not really caring what was on. I was unemployed again and weighing my options when the door bell rang. I got up grudgingly not expecting anybody at this time of day. It was my friend Danny, a guy I had known for years but not what a I would call a close friend. Like me, he was also jobless, but he seemed to be in that situation more often then not. I invited him in wondering what he wanted. Seems he had gotten board and knew I always kept some smoke. I was a little annoyed but what the hell, I guess it was better than sitting around by myself.

I fired up another joint and handed it to him, he took it and started to smoke and thanked me. While he took a toke I sat there kind of checking him out which surprised me. I like most guys had played those childhood games, I show you mine if you show me yours kind of thing with girls and guys but never really thought about being with a guy. He wasn't really a good looking guy but he had a great body, he worked out regularly, and for the first time I really took notice. As we smoked and made small talk I became aware that my cock was getting hard as I continued to check out his body. As I did I thought back over the years I couldn't remember Danny ever having a girl friend. Apparently he had noticed that I had been checking him out and he turned his body towards me and I couldn't help but notice the bulge in his pants. What really surprised me was the fact that my cock was getting harder by the second and I'm sure he was aware of it.

As I took the last toke and put out the joint Danny suggested we play cards. I said, "sure, what do you want to play?" "How about strip poker?" he asked. Unbelievably I found my self saying "sure, why not." I got the cards out and started dealing, my cock was hard and becoming uncomfortable in the confines of my jockey's. I lost the first hand and took off my shoes. My mind was racing as I dealt the cards again, I wanted to get naked and see Danny's body and cock. He lost the next hand and took off his T shirt, his arms and chest were very muscular and hard. He didn't have any hair on his chest and I couldn't help but notice his dark hard nipples. We continued playing and it wasn't long before we were both down to our underwear. There was no hiding our stiff cocks now and for some reason I wanted to expose my cock to him first, so I purposely lost the last hand. 

As I stood up to remove my jockeys an unbelievable rush passed through my body. I couldn't believe how turned on I was as my shorts fell to my ankles. I stood there, my hard cock stood straight out a drop of precum on the head. Danny stood up and quickly removed his shorts and as he kicked them away I checked out his cock. It was slightly smaller than my seven inches and completely shaved! He moved close to me and took my cock in his hand. We didn't say a word, I anxiously reached out and took his cock in my hand, he immediately pulled me closer and kissed me. My lips parted and accepted his tongue. As we kissed our hands explored each others bodies, I had one hand on his hard tight ass and the other was working up and down his hard cock and shaved balls. 

Danny broke the kiss and dropped to his knees and licked the precum from the head of my cock which sent waves of pleasure up and down my whole body. My hands on his head he took my cock into his mouth, the feeling of his lips engulfing my cock was unbelievable. He took the entire length of my cock into his mouth, his tongue working the underside of my dick as it moved in and out. I could feel the familiar tingling in my balls and knew I was ready to cum. I normally can go for quite awhile but the thought of shooting my load down Danny's throat pushed me over the edge. My balls tighten as I started pumping stream after stream of cum into Danny's mouth. He swallowed it all! As my cock started to soften, he continued clean me with his tongue. 

I knew I had to have his cock in my mouth! I pulled him up and told him to lay down on the sofa. I started with a kiss, I could taste my cum on his lips and tongue, sending a wave of pleasure down my body. My mouth and tongue moved down his neck to his chest, to his nipples. I sucked each one, biting softly, and heard Danny moan with pleasure as I worked on them. I felt his hand on my head as he gently pushed me lower, down his hard stomach towards his hard cock. His cock was oozing precum and I quickly licked it up, savoring the taste on my tongue. He moaned and his cock twitched as I licked the head. I slowly took it into my mouth, feeling the silky smoothness on my lips. I was able to take it's entire length into my mouth and worked it slowly at first, enjoying the taste and feel of Danny's hard cock. I couldn't believe how turned on I was sucking a man's cock! He started fucking my mouth faster as I massaged his balls with one hand and pinched his nipples with the other. Danny's balls tightened and I knew he was ready to cum. I worked his cock faster, waiting for his cum to fill my mouth.

I felt the first stream of his cum hit the back of my throat and couldn't believe how turned on I was! My cock had gotten hard again and I stroked as I ate Danny's cum. I tried to swallow it all but some leaked out and dripped from my chin. I kept sucking and licking until his cock was clean, I couldn't get enough. I moved up his body and kissed him, our tongues tasting each others cum, Danny broke the kiss and whispered in my ear, Fuck Me! I jump up and ran to the bedroom where I kept some KY. I ran back and spread some on my cock and Danny's ass. I put the head of my cock up to Danny's hole and pushed gently and was surprised how easily my cock slid in. I pushed my cock all the way in and started pumping, my balls hitting his ass, all the while Danny kept saying, yes Doug fuck me hard, fuck me! His ass was tighter than any pussy I had fucked and the feeling of my cock sliding in and out of his ass was sensational. Danny was stroking his cock and it wasn't long before he was shooting his load on to his stomach and chest. As he did I felt my balls tighten again and I came in his ass. I collapsed on top of him, my cock still in his ass. 

We spent the rest of that day fucking and sucking each other, we had a few more encounters but I moved and we lost touch with each other. I still get hard when I think back on our meetings.

This is a true account of my first MM relationship. I have had many since then with men and women but Danny was my first man. Our short relationship was an awakening for me and I shall never forget it. I'm interested in hearing from other bi people and their first experiences.