 Dan had often daydreamed about being fucked. But there was a time when he thought only of oral, and the fact that he had never had a cock up his arse made him doubt that it actually happened or was even possible.

Then he started watching gay fuck movies and he actually saw erect penises sliding into anuses. It fascinated him and he started experimenting on himself. He chose the most cock-like things he could find in the kitchen and in his toolbox: a candle, which was long and smooth but didn’t have a bulge on the end to provide that sudden popping-in sensation that people talked about. There was a frying pan with a nice torpedo-shaped handle, but the pan itself got in the way.

He went to the supermarket and looked at the vegetables. Carrots and parsnips would do the job of entering him, but, again, they had no knob behind which his sphincter could clamp tight.

Courgettes were another option, as some had a wider end than the shaft, and they also had a slightly furry texture, which was attractive, but it wasn’t what human cocks were like.

Bananas? Thin at the tip, fat in the middle. And if you peeled one and slipped that in, it might feel good but would probably break off and he had read horror stories of men going to A&E with strange things stranded inside them and implausible stories about how they got there.

The hardware store, then. Screwdrivers and chisels. The ones at home were old and dirty and not quite right anyway. But as he browsed the hanging racks he found a particular brand that seemed to have the right idea.

As he tried one in his hand, feeling the smooth plastic ball at the end, he was taken aback to find a salesman at his shoulder.

“Can I help you?” he asked, “They’ve got a lovely grip, haven’t they, these? Swedish, you know.”

The man was 50-ish, short and stout, and over-friendly, Dan thought. Like he could read Dan’s mind.

“We sell a lot of these to women,” he volunteered. “I don’t know why...”

He took the next one off the rack and held the knob with a smirk.

“What’s wrong with a candle?” he added. “A lot cheaper.”

Dan had to stop himself from explaining about the need for a bulge at the end to really simulate a cock. He mumbled his thanks and took the implement to the till.

Back home he poured a little cooking oil into mug, grabbed two sheets of kitchen paper and went to his bedroom.

Wrenching off his clothes, he lay on the bed on his back and daubed his crack with oil, slipping his finger right in and wondering if it felt more exciting when someone else did that, like when a girl held your cock and even if she didn’t know the best action or exactly where to hold it, the fact that it wasn’t your own handmade it a more thrilling feeling.

Dipping the screwdriver handle in the oil, he lifted his legs and pushed it against his hole. It felt okay, so he pressed harder and the thing entered him and his sphincter grabbed it once the knob was through. He pushed it up and down a few times and it was quite disappointing.

He abandoned the experiment and washed away the evidence at the kitchen sink. At least he had proved to himself that his arsehole would accept an object of the right size and shape.

He got onto the laptop immediately and went to the gay dating site. Rob was online.

Rob was the man of his dreams, a knowledgeable gay man who specialised in relieving young men of their anal virginity. He was middle-aged and plump and had an eager-looking cock beneath his overhanging belly. Dan had twice arranged to meet Rob and chickened out at the last minute. he had been scared that what he dreamed of would turn out to be a nightmare, that his arse wouldn’t accept a cock. Now he knew better.

“Tonight,” he wrote. “For sure. This time I will turn up. I will do it. We will do it. You will do it to me.”

“Don’t mess me around again,” Rob sent back “Be a man.”

This was a concept Dan found difficult to come to terms with: being a man when the subject was being fucked by a man. And yet when you watch gay porn there is a lot of gritting of teeth, a lot of grimacing and a fair bit of grunting in pain. Could it be that taking a cock up the arse was a test of manhood in that way, not a loss of manhood?

Rob had access to a little flat above the factory where he worked. It wasn’t used anymore, except for storing things, but it did have a single bed. No sheets, no luxuries, just a place to lie down. Dan got the feeling that Rob had taken many men there; many men who wanted to relinquish their straightness for a few hours and get submissive with a man who made no bones about what he was going to do to them.

Rob was not quite monosyllabic, but he didn’t mince words. “I have a nice big cock,” he had said. “You can see in my pic. I don’t shave my pubes because I’m a male animal and animals have hair. What I do is give men what they want. All men like to feel a cock up their arse sometimes and I provide that service. And I don’t even charge for it. All I ask is that you take it like a man.”

The industrial estate was dead quiet when Dan arrived at eight o’clock. It was a warm summer’s evening. Rob arrived on a motorbike and led the way up the stairs. he was wearing shorts and a singlet, so his shoulders were bare and Dan could see freckles at the top of his back. His legs were hairy and muscular. Dan was trembling with excitement as they entered the room. Rob put the sports bag he was carrying on the floor and sat on the bed.

“I’m going to kiss you,” he said. “If you don’t like the idea, you’d better get used to it, because that’s the way it starts. It’s civilised. Take your clothes off.”

Dan nervously removed his jeans and shirt, then his underpants. His cock was semi-erect. When he looked back at Rob, the older man was naked too, but his cock was rock hard, flat up against his belly as he sat there calmly.

Dan wanted to suck Rob’s cock. Rob patted the bed and Dan sat next to him. Rob pushed him back on the bed, where he had spread a blue bath towel.

Dan felt a hand on his upper thigh then the hand moved onto his cock and held it tight, squeezing playfully.

Then Rob lay across Dan and kissed him, his lusty gay tongue trying to arouse this hesitant young man.

Dan had never really been kissed before. With girls it was at his instigation, but this felt the same, just a bit more proactive, like it was trying to seduce him.

“I want you to suck my cock,” Rob said. “I know you want to. So tell me.”

“I want to suck your cock,” Dan whispered, and slid down Rob’s hairy body. He didn’t know if he would be any good at this, but how difficult could it be? He found the rigid member and held it, liking its stiffness and looking at the dull purple colour of the head. Just about the same size as his screwdriver handle.

Dan licked Rob’s hairy balls and moved down into his crotch, which was fragrant with fresh summer sweat. Rob lifted his legs.

“Lick my arse,” he ordered. “I know you want to do that too because you told me once online when you were a bit pissed late at night. You didn’t even call it rimming. You just said you would lick my arse.”

This was true, Rob had to admit to himself. Not only had he said that, but it was true. He had a terrible desire to abase himself with a man, and that included the traditionally shameful act of licking his arsehole. Now that he was there, within striking distance of that terrible place he was terrified. But the man had told him to do it, and he liked that. he plunged his face deep into Rob’s raised infrastructure and smelled an arse for the first time. Very similar to his own aroma. Not unpleasant. And the siren call of depravity drew him in and he found himself licking this man’s anus.

The reality was thrillingly better than the fantasy. He liked being ordered to do Rob’s bidding and he loved the feeling and the smell and the steamy environment he found himself in

“You know what you are?” Rob said. “A latent homosexual. That means it’s inside you, waiting to be activated. You’re bisexual. You love doing things with me as much as you like girls. Maybe more. Because girls don’t fuck you up the arse. And that’s what I’m going to do right now.”

Dan shuddered inside, but he didn’t have time to be afraid, because Rob had expertly put him on his back with his legs in the air and was smearing his crack with cool slimy lubricant. Then he poked a finger into him and it was titillating, but almost disappointing, because Dan had experimented and he knew how much more bulk he could take in there.

What he hadn’t bargained for was the sheer erotic majesty of Rob’s presence as he knelt before him and showed Dan his surging erection, the seven inches of blood and gristle that was about to enter him.

Rob leaned forward and put the head of his cock at Dan’s entrance. Then he looked the young man in the eyes as if to say “here it comes” and he plunged his cock into Dan’s arsehole.

That lucky, lucky hole sent unanimous messages of delight to Dan’s brain as it registered the intrusion of an erect penis.

Rob pumped Dan firmly and Dan felt the urgency behind it. Rob wasn’t going through the motions. He clearly loved fucking men and was going to fuck Dan until he, Rob, came.

They had discussed the condom issue and decided they were safe to bareback, although Dan got the feeling their decision was based on mutual lust as much as science and proof.

Anyway, at this point he was just loving the feeling of being ploughed. He loved the feeling of Rob’s manly cock inside him, bumping against him as far as it would go. It didn’t hurt - none of it hurt, not the penetration nor the stretching, nor the pounding. It felt fantastic. He wanted to prolong the sensation as much as possible, but he also wanted Rob to cum inside him. And he could see from the man’s face that that moment was imminent.

Rob screwed up his eyes and grunted as his orgasm overtook him and his body flung spunk into Dan’s cavity. Dan felt the spasms and the odd presence of fluid in there, a fluid that was not his but had been injected by the sexual organs of another. he had read that once a man had cum inside you, you no longer had an arse but a cunt. But that was just silly talk. he loved having Rob’s sperm, Rob’s seminal fluid gushing into him

And then it was all over and they lay panting together as the spunk trickled down and some came out of Dan’s arse.

They agreed to meet again as soon as possible, but they didn’t make firm arrangements, both knowing that Dan would have to think about this and see how he felt.

That night Rob was undecided. As he lay, waiting to sleep he was still wondering if he liked this new direction his life had taken. But then as he was about to drift off, the feeling of Rob’s cock, Rob’s mastery overtook him and he got out of bed and fired up the laptop.

“Rob,” his message said. “I loved that. Really loved it I want you to fuck me again asap. Tomorrow night?”