 Thanks to those who chose to review and/or rate previous chapters. I really appreciate seeing what people think of my story, even when they're providing criticisms or suggestions on how to make it better. I hope the name mixing up is not an issue with this chapter, I've read and re-read it several times. Also, I will have probably 3, maybe 4 more chapters after this one. 

6) Nov -- Jan

On Thanksgiving, Cliff was a little depressed, this being the first real holiday he didn't spend with his parents. He spent quite a bit of time on the phone with them, reminiscing about past holidays, and encouraging them to come down for Christmas. He talked about his relationship with Scott, and their friends, and his new job at The Garage. He got quite a bit of teasing from his dad about how he went from never wanting to look at the inside of a car engine to working in a mechanics shop. Cliff blushed as he laughingly reminded his dad that he stayed in the office and left the dirty work to Scott. By the end of the conversation, Cliff felt much better.

He worked together with Scott to finish the dinner for Scott's family. During the dinner they got teased endlessly by Scott's parents and Uncle about their private ceremony to each other. Louise, Scott's mom, wanted 'to see her boy get married' as she put it.

Scott laughed it off, saying he didn't need to put on a big show to prove his love and commitment to Cliff. Cliff quickly sided with Scott, saying they knew they were right for each other.

That evening, after the family had left and dishes were cleaned up, Scott gave Cliff another of his full body massages which ended up in a hot, sweaty lovemaking session that left Cliff too satisfied to think about anything other than Scott.

--- 

The Garage had a long-standing tradition of staying closed for a week beginning two days before Christmas Eve. The Sunday before the vacation began, Cliff stood a few feet from the Christmas tree he and Scott had just finished decorating. It was all blues and golds with the exception of one ornament. A custom made ivory colored Christmas ball with a picture of Cliff and Scott holding each other. Above the picture it said "2010 - Our First Christmas." Below, it said "Forever yours." 

Scott quietly snuck up on Cliff, and wrapped his arms around his waist, resting his chin on Cliff's shoulder. "Beautiful, isn't it?" he whispered.

"Yes, the colors you chose are gorgeous together." Cliff responded as he leaned back against his lover. They stood and watched the lights for a few more minutes before going to their bedroom. Cliff's parents would arrive the next morning and stay for several days.

The two men were quietly talking as they entered the bedroom. Cliff walked through the door and laughed. "Baby, did you really think I needed an excuse to kiss you in bed?" He pointed to the sprig of mistletoe Scott had attached to a long blue ribbon and pinned to the ceiling above their bed.

"Nah, just an excuse to kiss me MORE in bed," Scott grinned.

That night they made love. It was slow, and gentle, and sweet. Light touches and gentle caresses, quiet murmurs of love as Scott lovingly thrust into Cliff. Cliff's legs wrapped around Scott's hips and Scott's arms wrapped around Cliff's shoulders, they frequently kissed under the mistletoe as they reached their release.

--- 

The next morning, Cliff opened the front door to their home, and was instantly blinded as a camera flashed in his face. Blinking the spots away he laughed, "Hi, mom! I've missed you."

Cliff moved aside to let his mom and dad enter the house. His mom continued to flash pictures, more of Cliff, some of the Christmas tree, and one of a very surprised Scott as he came down the stairs to meet their guests.

Cliff and Scott welcomed Cliff's parents and showed them to the guest room. Christmas was in two days, and his parents were there for the holiday. They would be staying about 5 days.

Cliff's mom, an avid amateur photographer, brought her digital camera with her everywhere. She snapped pictures as Cliff showed her around the house and yard. She enjoyed trying to get candid shots of her family without them realizing she was there. Sometimes it worked, but more often than not they knew what she was up to.

That evening, over dinner, Cliff, Scott, and his parents were discussing the couple's commitment. They had called and shared the news of course, and even sent pictures of their rings, but this was the first time they talked in person. Cliff's mom, Betty, seemed to be a little distant to Scott. Scott didn't notice as this was his first time meeting her, but Cliff wondered what that was about. When he brought it up with her, she shrugged it off.

Over the next few days Betty continued to take pictures as Scott got to know both Betty and Herman, Cliff's dad, more. They took the parents sight seeing, shopping, and out to dinner at their favorite restaurants. Betty spent some time in the kitchen making sugar and gingerbread cookies. Herman spent time out in the backyard talking to Scott about the improvements he had made to the yard. They all enjoyed the few days before Christmas.

On Christmas Eve, Betty and Herman wanted to go to midnight service as they had done every year. Scott and Cliff helped them find a church that would welcome visitors, but declined invitations to join them. Midnight service would actually start at 11 PM at the church they chose, and Betty and Herman left the house shortly after a late supper.

A few hours later they arrived back to the house to find all the lights off except the porch light and the Christmas tree lights. They quietly entered the home, expecting the two men to be upstairs in bed. After they closed the door, Betty noticed a strange blue light coming from the living room. She quietly entered that room to find the TV on. She went to turn it off and a slight movement caught her eye. Turning, she saw that Scott and Cliff had fallen asleep on the couch while watching a movie.

Scott was pressed tight against the back of the couch. His left arm was under Cliff's head. His right arm was wrapped around Cliff's torso. Both men had sweatpants on and Scott had a t-shirt on while Cliff didn't have a shirt on. Scott's right hand rested on Cliff's chest, his fingers tangled in Cliff's chest hair.

Cliff moved in his sleep and Scott pulled him closer. Without opening his eyes Scott mumbled, "love you Cliff" as Cliff settled down and nestled back against Scott.

Betty watched that quiet, loving exchange before quickly grabbing her camera and taking a few shots of the sleeping lovers. She then grabbed a crocheted afghan from the back of a chair, one she had made for Cliff she noticed, and covered the two men before turning off the TV and retiring to the guestroom.

The next morning, Cliff noticed Betty was more open to Scott. She got up early and made their favorite breakfast; waffles and bacon with fresh fruit. About an hour after breakfast, Scott's parents and uncle showed up. They spent about an hour opening presents, laughing and joking as they did so. Betty got along pretty well with Scott's mom, Louise, and the two agreed to work together to make a few side dishes to go with the steaks the men wanted to grill for Christmas dinner.

Betty, Cliff's mom, loved to read so the Cliff bought her a Kindle. To coordinate, Scott got her a cover for it and a gift card to purchase a few books. Herman, Cliff's dad, had complained a few weeks earlier that his walkman had finally died. Cliff decided to bring him into the current century by getting him an IPod. Again to coordinate, Scott got him a good pair of headphones and a gift card to start his music collection. Louise also loved music, and Scott bought her an IPod with more memory than her previous one had. Cliff bought her a pair of headphones and a gift card. Scott's dad and Uncle were harder to buy for. For Uncle George, they purchased some basic art supplies, trying to encourage George to get back into a hobby he hadn't pursued in several years.

They finally decided on a few model kits of old cars, including a 1965 Ford Mustang, for Scott's dad. "It may not be as challenging or exciting as working on the real thing, but at least you can still say you work on cars," Scott winked as his dad opened the package. 

Christmas afternoon was spent setting up the new toys. Scott had a Kindle, and he helped Betty get hers set up and ready for use. Louise borrowed Cliff's laptop to log onto her Apple account and transfer her music to the new Ipod. Both Cliff and Louise spent time explaining the IPod to Herman and showing him how to set up an account and download music. Frank read through the instructions for his model cars, kidding his son about finally having a car just like his; and George made a quick sketch of the Christmas tree.

They all enjoyed their day together, and before they knew it, it was time to get dinner ready. Louise and Betty let the men get the steaks, spices, and potatoes for the grill and then kicked them out of the kitchen. They talked and laughed together as they made a salad and a pasta salad to go with dinner. Herman, Cliff, and George took over the grill, seasoning the steaks and grilling them to perfection.

As they all sat down around the kitchen table, Louise and Betty kept exchanging looks. Everyone filled their plates, and just as Scott was taking a drink, Betty spoke up.

"When are you going to have a commitment ceremony?" She asked her son, Cliff, as she slyly watching Scott trying not to choke.

"We, uh, well mom, we committed to each other the day Scott gave me this ring," Cliff held his left hand up. "We didn't think we needed a commitment ceremony."

Louise reached over and smacked her son, Scott, and stated "What do you mean no commitment ceremony? You will have a ceremony; I've been looking forward to this since you came to us."

Grinning sheepishly, Scott and Cliff looked at each other. "Well, I guess we can't disappoint you Louise," Cliff said to Scott's mom.

"Yeah, Betty, we'll discuss it and let you know when it is, okay?" Scott responded to Cliff's mom.

The rest of Herman and Betty's vacation was pretty low key. They learned to use their new toys, visited a few shops, and spent time with Scott's family, discussing options for the commitment ceremony.

--- 

Two days after Cliff's parents left, it was New Years Eve. Scott woke early and had brushed his teeth and showered before Cliff woke up. After he woke up, Cliff sat on the bed, leaning against the headboard, as he thought about all the changes the past year had brought. Scott came in and saw Cliff sitting there, "Are you okay, love?"

"Yep," Cliff grinned, "I'm good. Come here a minute." He beckoned, waiving his hand.

Scott walked to the bed and sat on the edge, "What's up honey?"

Cliff tugged Scott's arm until he was leaning over Cliff. Then Cliff kissed Scott, licking at his lips and thrusting his tongue into Scott's mouth.

"Cliff, you know I love you, and I love kissing you, but ewww... morning breath," Scott grumbled as he pulled away slightly.

"Scott," Cliff warned, "It's your fault." He rolled his eyes and pointed up, "You insisted on keeping the mistletoe up, you can deal with the consequences."

Scott laughed, "Yeah, I guess I did. But today's the last day. We're taking down the decorations."

They spent the day taking down Christmas decorations and putting the house back in order the way it had been. That evening they had plans to go to a club with their friends, Paul and Matt. Jake and Wade, who were in an on-again phase of their relationship, were also supposed to go.

Cliff's jaw dropped as he stared at Scott. Wearing tight black leather jeans, a black mesh tank top with a silver colored button up shirt. The silver shirt was unbuttoned and the long sleeves were rolled up. His short black hair was spiked; he had stubble on his chin and jaw, which he found he favored to completely shaven or full beard. His silver belt buckle had a car on it, turquoise in color, and he had on a pair of cowboy boots.

"Damn, baby, you are sexy. They better get here soon or I'm going to drag you back to the bedroom for the rest of the night." Cliff said as he licked his lips and eyed Scott from head to toe and back. "I'm definitely underdressed," He continued as he glanced down at his tan jeans and a silky, tight golden brown button up shirt with the top few buttons undone, showing his chest hairs. His long, dirty blonde hair was tied back at the base of his skull, and his face was clean shaven. 

"No, you're hot," Scott growled, "But you should keep your hair loose." He tugged at Cliff's bound hair, forcing his face to tilt up before kissing him.

DING -- The doorbell rang. It was Paul and Matt, ready for their night on the town. Paul showed them a text from Wade explaining that he and Jake wouldn't be coming.

As they entered Exc!te, a relatively new club, they saw it had multiple levels, with the main dance floor being on a balcony on the 2nd floor. The balcony had a glass wall, so they could see the action on the floor. The floor they entered on had a bar at one end and the main space was covered with tables and booths. The bouncer at the door told them the 3rd floor had space that could be booked for private parties; it also had rooms with large screen TVs for sporting events. 

The four men decided to start by getting a table on the main floor. Scott and Paul went to the bar to get their drinks while Cliff and Matt chatted at the table. They spent a few hours on the main floor, drinking and chatting with friends that they ran into. Around 11:15pm they decided to head up to the dance floor for a while. After they stood up and started walking Cliff had to pee.

"Go on up, I'll meet you there in a few minutes," he said as he turned toward the restrooms. The restrooms were full, so it was about 20 minutes later by the time he started up the stairs to the dance floor. He wandered around the edges of the dance floor for another 10 minutes, trying to find Scott.

Finally, he caught a glimpse of Scott, over by the glass wall. He wove his way through the crowd, removing hands and arms as men tried to get him to dance with them. Finally, he was just a few feet away and was able to see that Scott was scowling. In front of Scott was a young, blonde twink. He was aggressively hitting on Scott, trying to get the taller man to dance with him. The persistant man grabbed Scott's hand and placed it on his ass as he suggestively moved his hips in time to the music. Scott immediately removed his hand, said something to the blonde that Cliff couldn't hear, and turned away. The twink then moved closer to Scott, grinding his pelvis into Scott's ass. Again Scott stepped away and again said something, a harsh, angry look on his face. 

Cliff decided it was time to intervene. Agilely stepping around the young blonde, Cliff moved close to Scott and wrapped his arms around Scott's neck as he started to sway to the music. He vaguely heard the twink mutter something about stepping away from his man.

By this time Scott had placed his hands on Cliff's waist and was moving with him. When Cliff heard the blonde's comment he removed his hands from Scott and turned. He pressed himself back against Scott as the taller man wrapped his arms around him. Scott leaned down and kissed Cliff's neck as Cliff glared at the young blonde.

"He's not now, nor will he ever be your man. He's MY man, and I'm his. You need to back off," Cliff remarked as he continued to snuggle against Scott, turning his head so he could kiss his man passionately, leaving no doubt as to what they meant to each other.

After their kiss ended, Cliff turned back to the blonde, in time to see his friends pull him away, advising him to find someone who wasn't attached.

"Thank God you got here, honey. That guy tried to latch onto me almost from the moment I got up here. I kept telling him I was taken and definitely not interested, but he wouldn't take 'no' for an answer," Scott murmured as Cliff again turned to face his lover.

The two men danced for only a few minutes before the DJ cut the music for the New Year's countdown.

"10... 9... 8... " the crowd yelled.

"I love you, Scott," Cliff stated, staring straight into Scott's blue eyes, as they listened to the countdown.

"6... 5... 4... " the crowd continued.

"I love you too, Cliff," Scott replied, lost in Cliff's brown eyes, barely noticing the crowd's presence.

"2... 1... HAPPY NEW YEAR!" the crowd screamed.

"Happy New Year," both men whispered as their lips met for their first kiss of the New Year.

As the crowd shifted, they found themselves next to Paul and Matt. The four men spent an hour on the dance floor, enjoying the music and the club.

Cliff's shirt was unbuttoned and untucked. He danced back to chest with Scott, his ass grinding against Scott's groin. Scott had his right hand on Cliff's hips, guiding them and his left hand rested on Cliff's shoulder.

The music slowed down and Cliff faced Scott. He wrapped his arms around Scott's torso. Scott wrapped his arms around Cliff's waist. They barely swayed to the music as they held each other, each lost in the other's eyes. They shared a few quick kisses, before Cliff moved his hand to the back of Scott's neck. The next time they kissed, Cliff licked at Scott's lips, demanding entry as his hand kept Scott from pulling back. His tongue plunged into Scott's mouth, claiming ownership. He moved his other hand down to Scott's hip and pulled him closer. Scott quickly responded, sucking on Cliff's tongue before chasing it back into Cliff's mouth. Scott's hands moved to Cliff's ass as he pulled him closer.

As they ended the kiss, Cliff saw that smoky quality in Scott's eyes that showed Scott's arousal. Scott leaned down to kiss Cliff's neck. Smirking, he licked and sucked at the sensitive spot at the base of his neck on the left. Cliff moaned as he buried his fingers in Scott's short hair, pressing Scott's face deeper into his neck.

Scott forcibly pulled away, "Baby, I think it's time to go home... Now!"

Cliff looked up at him, a slightly glazed look in his eyes, "Yes please."

They told Paul and Matt they were leaving and rushed out of the building, grabbing one of the cabs that were waiting outside. On the ride home they couldn't keep their hands off each other. Cliff laid his hand over Scott's groin, rubbing and squeezing Scott's cock and balls.

Scott groaned as his cock twitched and tried to grow in the tight confines of his leather pants. "Stop Cliff, wait until we get home, please." He whispered, trying not to gain the attention of the driver.

Cliff leaned over and whispered, "But you're just so damn hot. Watching you dance tonight, the way your body moved... I need you."

"Cliff, I need to be able to get out of the cab in a few minutes." Scott moaned as his hips subconsciously flexed to meet Cliff's hand. "Soon, honey, very soon..."

The cab driver eyed them in his rear view mirror. He couldn't see much, but he was pretty sure what was going on in the back seat. He scowled as he snarled "knock it off, you're almost home."

Scott and Cliff looked at each other and laughed, as they separated from each other. "Sorry, man. But we're in love, and sometimes it's hard to wait." Cliff said as he grinned at Scott.

As the cab stopped in front of their home, the cab driver relented a little as he explained, "Well keep it out of my cab. I don't mind gay couples, but semen is a bitch to off the upholstery. You're here"

The men quietly wished the cab driver a new year as they paid him, and quickly entered their home. Being scolded by the cabbie did nothing to cool the ardor between them and as soon as the front door was closed, Scott slammed Cliff against it. Scott's hands grasped Cliff's and pinned them above Cliff's head against the door. He pressed his groin against Cliff's as he attacked Cliff's mouth forcibly thrusting his tongue in. Scott grinded his hips into his lover's as his tongue ran over Cliff's. Cliff moaned as he thrust his hips back against Scott and sucked on the bigger man's tongue.
