 As the head of his fat five inch thickly veined cocky touched my oiled rosebud my heart leapt. I had a fluttering feeling in my chest as I anticipated the ecstasy to come as I lowered myself onto his throbbing manhood. I looked down at my man. At fifty-three, greying and bald, he nonetheless cut a fine figure in a tight-fitting white G-string, he'd told me his wife bought it for him. The muscles on his chest were impressive, he worked out at the gym I went to. I'd caught his eye on a couple of occasions and contrived to lure him in. Even though older than he, and slimmer, I nonetheless knew he'd taken an interest in me when he kept looking at me as I bent over. I caught him doing so in the mirror behind the bench I'd workout on. He liked my tanned tight ass. I am very proud of it and hone it in the gym regularly to attract men like Ron. His abs were tight and his legs rock-hard and bulging. Naked now, save for a pink lacy Basque and pink stocking hold-ups with pretty lace tops, I looked down at him as his eyes pierced my vulnerability. My pink G-string, removed by Ron earlier, lay wrapped around my pink stocking clad ankle.

Earlier that day Ron had approached me in the showers at the gym. His cock had been tumescent when he approached me. I couldn't keep my eyes from staring at it, I kept looking away, but my eyes kept flicking back to it. Then he caught my eye and I reddened visibly, my face flushed hot with need. This turn him on, and I saw his cock begin to grow. I turned coyly and used my hands to hide my growing erection. He approached me from behind. I felt his cock on my ass cheek and gasped as his hand slid around my waist, moved under my hands and grasped my hardening member. 

Ooooh! I exclaimed in my baby doll girly voice and collapsed back into him effeminately. I felt so attractive at that moment. I had reached around and felt his cock as he poked it at my hole.

"You place or mine?" He asked.

"Anywhere, any time," I' replied like a slutty bitch. I felt so sexy in his presence. We both wore our wedding rings to fuck in. I noticed his ring as his hand circled my cock.

We'd quickly dressed and went back to his apartment, which was only five minutes from the gym. He had a selection of girly clothing in his bedroom and had ordered me to wear a pink Basque, pink stockings with hold-ups a Basque and a G-string.

After I'd dressed he ordered me to lie on his bed. His bedroom was completely masculine, lots of hard wood, dark walls and a massive bed with black silk sheets and a tiger skin effect throw over on which I had lain. This was his secret fuck spot, which his wife had never visited. I felt vulnerable and submissive. I enjoyed the feeling of the throw over rubbing the bare skin above the stockings I wore for his pleasure.

He stripped off at the foot of the bed to stand dressed only in a G-string. His rock hard cock strained the material. I saw a damp patch at the head and my own erection throbbed. How I wanted to please him at that moment and submit. He had a look of pure lust on his face and sneered slightly as he gazed down at my toned hairless body. He had enjoyed fondling my closely trimmed package as I dressed for him.

He slid onto the bed and lay beside me, he reached over me to his bedside cabinet and withdrew a bottle of massage oil and oiled his hands. He put one hand inside my panties and poured a good quantity on my abs. He rubbed the oil into my cock and around to my asshole, his finger glided over my hole. I moaned with pleasure as his finger gently entered me. He pushed it in slowly. I tingled with pleasure and my face reddened, my nipples hardened and my cock stiffened. He pulled my panties down and took my cock in his mouth and sucked and licked me. He kissed my balls as he finger fucked me. I grabbed his head and spread my legs for him as his tongue flickered around my perineum and forced its way into my asshole. He looked up from sucking and licking me. He stared into my eyes, saying nothing, he gave me a superior looking sneer slid up my body all the while staring intently into my eyes. His cock hovered at the entrance to my hole. He pushed gently and I held my legs wide apart as he pushed his cock into me. My heart leapt as he ploughed my furrow. I nearly came there and then. He pushed all the way in held it there and kissed me fully on the lips while he leaned on his elbows. His hands cupped my head. He began to thrust slowly and I grabbed his ass tight. He lay on top of me kissing me and tonguing my mouth. I was in heaven at that moment.

He lifted up, kept hold of me and flipped onto his back, with me on top. His cock came out slowly and it felt amazing. He wanted me to sit on his cock.

"Ride me baby doll," he said huskily and rubbed my silky pink stockings before he caressed my balls.

I quivered as I imagined him bossing people about at work. I flicked my head to one side, like a girl, and bit my lower lip as I leaned forward into his face. I positioned my tanned and oiled butt near his member, I felt it slide under me as I rubbed myself on his cock a few times, like a bitch in heat. My own cock stood proud. I enjoyed wearing hold ups, silky and pink, with lacy tops, like my wife's. Indeed they were identical to my wife's. I enjoyed wearing lipstick and perfume as well, like my wife's. I liked it that men of all ages seemed to like me. I cut a menacing presence, and most men initially found me annoying or threatening. But once they got over that and realised I was a girl in man's clothes they wanted me to suck their cocks. Of course I like young and older ladies as well, fat, thin, short or tall. It matters not to me. As long as they are randy, wanted my cock or me to suck, lick and caress them, then gender made no difference to me. I just liked getting people, who attracted me, to orgasm. I liked them being with me. I needed them to be pleased and pleasured by me because of what I did to them, or for them. It turns me on to please and to serve. Either with my face in a woman's pussy or my ass in the air waiting for a man to fuck me, I don't care.

Ron looked hungrily up at me as I rubbed my asshole up and down his hard heavily veined cock. He grabbed my hip with one hand while the other slid up and down the inside of my oil covered thighs and over my lacy hold ups. He flicked my cock gently with his fingers as he caressed me. 

God I was hot for him.

I loved it, especially when he rubbed my sexy stockings and caressed my sexy butt. He guided my actions with his strong hands, firmly holding me in place by the hips as I pleasured him. 

He moaned manfully under me as I reached round behind and grasped his cock head gently and guided it towards my pussy. I leant over him as I did so, and kissed my man. He is mine now, I thought. I teased him and licked his shoulder, gently biting it. I whispered in his ear.

"Do you want to fuck your baby doll?" I asked, panting like a girl.

"You're so hard and big, it might hurt my pussy, be gentle when you fuck me," I said submissively.

"Okay baby doll, I won't be too rough," he said in a gravelly and lust filled voice.

I nearly squirted my love spray all over his hairy chest when he called me baby doll. I loved him. At that moment I only wanted to please him.

"Sit on my cock now," he ordered as I rubbed my pussy up and down his shaft.

I sat up above him as he held my hips and pushed me slightly. I helped his cock into my hole. 

"Oooo!" I moaned as that beautiful love pain scorched up my ass as his cockhead began to enter and own me. His purple mushroom spread my hole but slid in easily as he'd oiled me up so well when he stripped me off before he fucked me on top. I sat back, above him, on my knees before him, and felt him enter me fully. In this position I felt fully submissive and exposed. His cock head squashed my man clit as it went up my ass. The feeling was amazing, the waves of pleasure made me feel like a woman. I wanted to submit to him and to please him as he pained me. 

"Ahhhh!" I wailed like a woman as I impaled myself above him. I rocked back and forth slowly, my hands on his shoulders as I leaned in and gently let his cock fully fuck me. I French kissed him and flicked my tongue inside his mouth

"Oooh!" I kept moaning.

"You're such a man, I love your cock, it's amazing," I grovelled. I loved manipulating my men like this. Flattering them and making them feel like kings. They loved it, and my teasing, and my ass.

Ron pulled me forward and pulled down my bodice, he sucked my tiny man-titties and tongued my nipples as his hands caressed my ass. My ass that was his; His hard cock shot waves of pleasure pain up to my head and made me shake myself sexily as I rode his lovely cock. Then he spanked my yielding ass.

"Ooooh!" I wailed in pure randy love lust.

"God you're sexy," he cried as he laid back and looked up at me. I leaned back and fully impaled myself on his man-pole, pleasuring him. My cock was swelling. He touched me, he grasped my knob gently and massaged my cock softly as I rode him and moaned. Faster and faster I rode him. Gloving his beautiful cock in my oiled ass as his oily, strong veiny hand massaged my cock. 

"I think I'm coming, God you're amazing," I cried, smiling inside as my words encouraged him to greater hardness and his fingers dug into my ass as he pumped me up and down his cock. I could feeling him tensing as I rode him. I got ready to squirt as my gyrations above his sexy hard body grew more frantic. I put on a good show for my latest man, my hands clutched each side of my head, my eyes closed as I lowered my hands and rubbed my titties through my sexy pink Basque. I submitted to my man's control and his erotic dominating manliness.

"Touch my cock, and smack my ass," I begged, as I rode him frantically to orgasm. 

"I'm coming," he said and began bucking beneath me. He bucked into me so much I worried his cock would fall out. But it didn't. He grabbed me, controlled me, and pushed me down on his cock as I rode him. I felt his cock inside me massaging my man clit and a pleasure feeling pulsated upwards like a volcano erupting my cock squirted over his chest as I wailed my submissive womanly ecstasy. I felt his hot come squirt deep inside my butt. He kept pumping me and his come juice mingled with my man scent as we slowly emptied our balls. I flopped forward on top of him and his arms held me tight into his chest as we panted.

"I haven't felt that sexy in years," I lied.

I saw his look of satisfaction and knew he was mine. I flopped off him and lay with my head on his shoulder, submitting to my new man. My Ron, my lover from the gym and my latest sex toy.