 We had been having cybersex for about six months and sending photos of our organs from every angle with each message. We both loved the same kinds of sex and got into vivid and very arousing descriptions of what we were doing to each other so it reached the point where I got a hardon whenever I saw that there was a message from him in my box. I knew Rob intimately from his belly button to his knees and was actually in love with his penis which was long and thick with a beautifully sculpted crown that was irresistible to me. He felt the same way about my organ and we would drop in on each other about two or three times a week to have sex. 

Rob lived with a girlfriend who had no idea of his love for cock and I was married but my wife knew nothing about my love for cock either. Previously, Rob and I hadn't even asked each other where we lived as our cybersex seemed to be enough to satisfy both of us but one day recently he asked me where I was located and when I told him, I got a fast reply telling me that he had always somehow assumed that I was out West and as soon as he found out that we were only 2 hours away from each other, he proposed meeting at a glory hole he knew in his area. He told me how much he would love to suck my cock real time and that the glory hole would be perfect for both of us. 

When I heard that he was only a couple of hours away, my juices started flowing also and I figured the glory hole would be a great way for us to get to know one another and, if things worked out well there, we could arrange future meetings in a motel halfway between us, so I agreed and we decided to meet at noon in a diner a short distance away from the glory hole a couple of days later. We gave each other a general description of ourselves including what we would be wearing and what we would be driving so we could spot each other easily. Our meeting day couldn't arrive quickly enough for me and I had been very horny just thinking about actually having Rob's gorgeous cock in my mouth for the last couple of days but finally I was in my car driving down to meet him.

I walked into the diner and we spotted each other immediately. He waved his hand in greeting and I headed for the booth he was in. I was very pleasantly surprised at his good looks and it seemed he felt the same way. When we shook hands, it was like electricity passing between us and both of us felt the vibes. I was going to order a cup of coffee but he suggested that he pay his check and we head over to the glory hole as he couldn't wait to do all the things we had been doing to each other in fantasy for the past months and I agreed telling him that I too wanted it as much as he. 

He paid for his coffee and suggested that we take his car as he would drop me off at mine later. It was only about a mile down the road and he pulled into the bookstore parking lot a few minutes later. Before we got out of the car, I told him that I wanted to suck him first and that, when he felt he was ready to cum, to back off and start sucking me until I got close and we would switch again and continue edging until we couldn't hold out any longer. I told him that I wanted our session to last as long as possible before we blew our loads.

I followed him inside and he headed for the back of the bookstore where there were a number of doors with numbers on them. He stopped at a desk and a few minutes later told me to go into room 3 as he headed for room 2. He had told me on the way over to take off my clothes once I got into the room and locked the door so as soon as I threw the bolt in the lock, I started to strip and could hear him doing the same in the next room. As I approached the glory hole, I saw his gorgeous erection and big, tight balls thrust through the hole into my room and I couldn't help but drop to my knees and run my hands over his equipment. 

His cock looked even better than the photos he had been sending me and when I grasped his thick shaft, it felt wonderfully warm and alive. I had done this to him many times in emails but actually holding his beautiful penis in my hand totally overwhelmed me and I found it completely irresistible. I took his smooth, swollen crown between my lips and nursed on it lovingly as I probed his slit with the tip of my tongue and cupped his balls in my hands. I loved the texture and taste of his penis and my cock started dripping precum on the floor as I sucked him. Every once in a while, I would move down and suck his balls into my mouth and run my tongue over them while stroking his shaft and then go back up and lick his crown before taking it in my mouth again. He was starting to feed me his precum which was absolutely delicious and I concentrated on getting more out of him before I began to take him deep. 

I relaxed my throat muscles and swallowed as much of his penis as I could manage and when I had him deep down my throat, I swallowed around his thick shaft and could hear him moan each time. Then he suddenly withdrew his organ and I saw his face appear in the opening as he told me that he had to stop or he was going to cum so I stood up and fed my throbbing erection into the hole so that he could play with it.

His hands felt wonderful as he ran his fingers all over my cock and balls and I pressed my body against the wall and pushed my equipment as far as possible into the opening. Then I felt his tongue licking my shaft from the base to the tip and it was a fabulous feeling. When his lips covered my crown and he started nursing on my cockhead, I was in heaven. It was a strange feeling to be pressed against a wall totally naked, not being able to see anything, but feeling the fantastic sensations of a talented mouth and hands doing wonderful things to my penis and balls. 

I leak a lot of precum when excited and he soon found that out and pulled his mouth from my organ for a moment to tell me how much he was enjoying the flavor of my nectar and then went right back to sucking more out of me. As he worked on my thick organ, I started to feel my orgasm approaching so I pulled out of his mouth and asked him to feed me a while and we switched places. As soon as I saw his beautiful penis appear in the opening, I dropped to my knees and took it lovingly in my mouth and began to orally worship it. I nursed on the head a while and then deep throated him as I played with his balls and I was in another world from which I never wanted to return. 

I had him deep down my throat and a feeling of peace and contentment washed over me as I swallowed around his thick pole. I don't know how long I sucked him as I was off on a wonderful trip but suddenly I heard him groan and felt his organ swell in my mouth and start jerking as he began to feed me his cum. Spurt after spurt shot onto my tongue and I savored the flavor as I swallowed each load and sucked him firmly to draw out more of his delicious juices until gradually his organ stopped jerking and no more came out. I squeezed his shaft from the base up to get the last delicious drops and heard him sigh in contentment on the other side of the wall. I kept him in my mouth long after his orgasm had passed until he came back down to earth and pulled out as he asked me to please feed him now. 

My cock was throbbing and jerking in heat and when his mouth covered my shaft I knew I wouldn't be able to hold back much longer. I gave myself up to his talented mouth and let him take me up on a beautiful high as he took me deep down his throat and began milking my organ. My penis suddenly began shooting ropes of hot cum into his greedy mouth in one spurt after another and I heard him moaning as he gulped down each load. I was lost in ecstasy as he swallowed my offering and sucked deeply for more until my spasms ended and I slowly came back down to earth. I withdrew my receding penis from his mouth and dropped to my knees so I could see him through the glory hole. He was smiling at me and licking his lips in satisfaction. Then he said, "How about grabbing some lunch at the diner?" which sounded just fine with me so we got dressed and headed out to the car.

We sat down in a booth and ordered sandwiches and coffee as we discussed how much we enjoyed sucking each other. I told him that actually having his cock in my mouth was even better than I had fantasized all the times that we had cybersex and that I loved his taste and the texture of his organ. He told me that he felt the same and was getting hard just talking about it. "Do you have to rush back now or can you stay for another round?" he asked. I was getting hard myself as we talked and told him that I'd love going back to the glory hole for another round. We finished lunch, paid our bill, got into his car and headed back to the bookstore. I headed for the counter and paid for two rooms since he had paid for our first round. When we got to the back, we saw that the same two rooms were empty and we went inside and got undressed. 

"I fed you last so it's my turn to be fed now" I told him through the opening and got no argument from him as I saw his gorgeous erection appear in the hole. I took his entire crown between my lips and it felt wonderful having his penis in my mouth again. His smooth, sloped head tasted marvelous and I loved the texture of his organ. He started to moan as I sucked him and began fucking my mouth as I drew deeply on his thick shaft. I played with his balls as I sucked and soon had him gasping and moving his hips back and forth. After some time, he asked me if I would like to be fucked as he would love to fill me up with cock and I reluctantly let go of his delicious organ and bent over fitting my asshole to the opening. 

I felt his organ rub across my anus as he wet it with precum before sliding it inside my puckered opening. Then I felt his crown enter my anus and all I wanted was more of him inside me. He fed his thickness deeper and I pushed back to capture as much of him as I could as his organ filled my ass. I contracted my anus around his shaft and milked him as he fucked me and listened to the music of his moans as he stroked deeply into me and told me how good it felt. I loved having his cock inside me and I was leaking gobs of precum as he fucked me so I brought each drop to my lips and fed myself all through his stroking. Then I heard him cry out and felt his organ swell and start jerking as it shot his load into me in one hot spurt after another. I pushed back hard to capture as much of his exploding cock as possible until his spasms ended and he slowly withdrew his beautiful penis from me.

I turned around and told him that he had gotten me wild and horny from his fucking so he told me to feed him my cock immediately. I pushed my throbbing organ into the opening and felt his mouth cover my crown as he started sucking the head and teasing my slit with the tip of his tongue. I was in heaven as he sucked me deeply and moved back and forth on my shaft and after some time, he pulled his mouth from my cock and asked if I would like to cum in his ass. I told him to turn around and show me his hole and as soon as he did, I wet his anal opening with my juices and pushed my entire crown inside to his gasp of pleasure. 

I worked my penis around inside him and then started feeding it deep as I felt his anus squeezing my organ as I fucked him and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. His asshole felt warm and comfortable and I loved the way he was milking my pole as I stroked into him. Suddenly, my cock started shooting streams of cum into him as he pushed back hard and moaned as I filled him with my hot juices. My cock was jerking long after my last spasm ended and I was reluctant to pull it out of his comfortable hole until he moved away and it slid out with a whoosh.

Since it was starting to get late and I had a long drive back home, we decided to get dressed and meet outside the bookstore. As he was driving me to my car, I asked him if he would like to spend a few hours in bed with me as we could get a motel room about halfway between us and really enjoy each other sometime soon. "That's exactly what I was going to propose to you but you beat me to the punch!" he said with a big smile. 

Let's research some motels about halfway and discuss it via email, I suggested. "Some of the motels have a special rate for 3-4 hours in the afternoon so it won't cost us much if we split it and I think it will be a hell of a lot better than a glory hole next time we meet." I told him and he fully agreed. He dropped me at my car and we made definite arrangements to get together in a motel room in a few days. All the way home all I could think about was that gorgeous penis of his and how beautiful it looked in that glory hole.

Next day, I scoped out a few motels, on the internet, in the area in which I was interested and called them. Both offered special rates for short term afternoon visits and I emailed Rob with the info. About an hour later, he replied with practically the same exact motels so I suggested we pick a date and make arrangements now. I asked him if Saturday morning about 11 am would be OK and he immediately replied that it would be perfect so I told him I'd make reservations at the motel and send him the info as soon as it's confirmed. It turned out that the Blue Grass Motel seemed to be the best choice so I made a reservation and emailed him immediately. 

The email I got back from him had me hard as I read it because he was telling me all the things he was going to do to me as soon as the door was closed behind us on Saturday. Since my wife was away at work, I decided to strip and stroke while I relived all our sex at the glory hole. It was only yesterday but I could still taste the exquisite flavor of his precum and feel the smoothness and texture of his thick throbbing penis in my mouth. I relived every moment of our meeting from the sucking to the fucking and had an absolutely fantastic orgasm while looking a some photos of Rob's gorgeous cock.

It seemed to take forever but Saturday finally rolled around and, as soon as my wife left for her meditation group which would last 4-5 hours, I got in my car and headed for the motel as I wanted to get there first and call his cell phone from the room to give him the room number. If all went as scheduled, he would be about 10 minutes out when I call him. It was a relatively short drive and I was in the motel and had paid cash for Room 111 which was near the back. As soon as I got into the room, I called him and gave him the info and he told me that he was only a few minutes away. 

I decided to strip completely so that when I let him in the room, he would see how excited I am to see him. By the time I slipped out of my clothes, there was a knock on the door and I heard Rob say hello. I stood behind the door and let him in and as I closed the door he saw that I was naked and had a beautiful erection. He stepped towards me and grasped my pole in his hand and led me to the bed where he told me to lay back and wait until he got undressed.

I watched him take off his clothes as I lightly stroked my thick, throbbing shaft and when he turned and came towards me I saw his magnificent penis standing out in all its glory and couldn't wait to take it in my mouth. He slid down on the bed with his head at my crotch and his sweet penis brushing against my face. I rested my head on his thigh and gazed at the beautiful organ while running my fingers over the shaft and his big, full ball sac. I couldn't wait any longer and dipped my head towards his smooth, sloped crown and took it between my lips as I ran my tongue over his slit and started nursing on it. Just then I felt his mouth cover my organ and I was lost in the pleasures I was getting from both ends. His penis tasted even better than I remembered and when his cock began oozing precum, I fed on it like it was the best dessert in the world. 

He was feeding on the copious flow of precum that I was feeding him and he was moaning in rapture as he sucked me. I was cupping his balls in my hand and slipping a finger into his anus as I nursed on his sweet organ and he was doing the same to me. The two of us were off in another world as we took each other up on one high after another until finally, I couldn't hold out any longer and groaned as my cock swelled and started jerking in his voracious mouth as it shot my cum onto his waiting tongue. He groaned in ecstasy as he swallowed each load and then I felt his organ jerk in my mouth and start spurting his delicious cum down my throat. I gulped down the first load and then pulled back slightly so that I could taste his cum as it shot onto my tongue. The two of us were like ravenous animals sucking the life juices from each other's balls as our orgasms never seemed to end.

When our organs finally stopped jerking and the last of our cum juices dripped out, we let our organs slip from our mouths and lay back with sighs of satisfaction. We opened the little bar and got some cold drinks and leaned back on the pillows to sip and talk about how good our first session was. We told each other how much we really love each other's organs and both of us remarked how delicious they were. As we talked, our cocks sprang into life again and as I reached for his thickness, he reached for mine and we started lightly stroking each other as we talked. 

Rob told me that he never told his girlfriend about his desire for cock but that he had been working on her for the past few months and sort of breaking her into the idea of sex with another guy. "Whenever we would have sex I would bring up the idea of another guy joining us and gradually she picked up on it and just last week asked if I had ever been with another man. I told her no but that I have thought about it many times and she started to fantasize about watching me with another guy while we were fucking last week so I seem to be making slow progress." he told me. I told him that I've been doing the same with my wife and that she's at the point of describing what she would like to see me doing to another guy whenever she's in a really horny mood so it might be possible for us to make a breakthrough sometime in the future and just the thought of that had our cocks throbbing as we played with each other.

I looked down at his gorgeous erection and asked if he would please fuck me now as I want to feel his thickness inside me and with that, I got on my knees and presented my ass to him. He didn't waste any time and got up behind me and fit the crown of his penis to my anal opening and rubbed some precum over it before sliding the entire head inside. I felt the head enter me and pushed back to capture more of him since it felt so good and as he fed more and more of his beautiful penis inside me, I lost myself in the pleasure he was giving me and began stroking my throbbing erection. When he filled me up with his meat and had his body pressed tightly against my ass cheeks and his cock was deep inside me, he reached around and brushed my hand away from my cock and began stroking it for me as he moved his organ around inside my ass. 

I was in another world and gave myself up to the pleasures his cock was giving me as well as his hand and after some time, I heard him gasp and tell me that he was going to cum. His cock swelled and started shooting ropes of hot cum inside me and as soon as I felt the first spurt, my cock exploded and jets of cum shot out onto the bed as he continued stroking me while keeping his organ buried deep inside me.

The both of us stayed locked together for a long time after our orgasms passed and then slowly he withdrew his softening penis and we collapsed on the bed to recuperate. A few minutes later, he got up and poured us some refreshment as our throats were parched from our excitement and then went into the bathroom to clean up. He asked about my wife as we sipped our drinks and I told him that Tyko was a very good looking Japanese gal with a beautiful body and loved sex. She loved fantasizing about having sex with another gal while I watched and was now starting to fantasize about me with another guy. He told me about Lisa and said that he was sure that I would love having sex with her as she was great at it and loved sucking cock. We both decided to work on our women so that hopefully one day we could break them in to having a threesome or foursome. 
