 I was looking at the various chat rooms, until I noticed him. Wow! His chest and arms were covered with tattoos. He had black hair and beard. His eyes were dark brown almost black. His screen name was Ben Glover. I knew that he was dangerous. I needed dangerous. So I chatted with him to see where he could take me.

Ben Glover: Hey, dcello80.

Me: Hi. U look dangerous, but in a good way. ;)

Ben Glover: Thanks. Tell me what are ur fantasies? 

My hands were shaking. There were so many fantasies that I wanted to experience, but I knew one that needed to be fulfilled. They were still shaking as I typed my response to him.

Me: May I see ur hands?

He showed his hands to me. Oh fuck! Those hands were big and covered in clear latex gloves. He had tattoos on his hands. Below the second knuckles of his right hand were the letters: L-O-V-E. The left hand had the letters: F-U-C-K. Those hands encased in those gloves were all the convincing that I need.

Me: Wow! Do u fist?

Ben Glover: Yeah. Do u like? ;)

Me: Not just like, need! I'm already hard seeing those hands.

Ben Glover: Good, baby. Do u want my hands inside u?

No one has ever called me baby before. My heart skipped a beat. I believed that this would never happen in my life, but I knew that this dangerous fantasy was what I needed from my boring life. I read about this act and knew that I needed someone I could trust to do this. However, I felt that I could be safe in his hands. So, I just continued to chat with him to see where this could go.

Me: Oh do I ever! How would u do it?

Ben Glover: First, I need 2 know where u r at.

Me: (hesitantly) I'm in Hub City. Why?

Ben Glover: I know where it is. I can be there 2morrow. Want 2 try me?

Me: Fuck yeah, just email me where u r staying.

I gave him my email address. Then, he asked me if there is anything other fantasy that I wanted to experience.

Me:  I need to cum badly right now.

Ben Glover: Do you have a pair of gloves?

Me: Yeah, black latex.

Ben Glover: Nice, like that color 2. Put them on slowly.

I grabbed a pair of black gloves. I slipped the first one on the right hand ever so slowly. I wished that he could see me putting this glove on. Once I got the right hand covered, I put the other one on the left hand. I thought slowly, slowly. What seemed like hours, but minutes later, my left hand was covered in black latex. I responded that I had finished putting them on.

Ben Glover: Good. Now, lube ur hands and use them to make u cum.

Me: Yes, master.

Ben Glover: Lol, I like being called master. Keep calling me that, baby.

Me: Yes, master.

Ben Glover: While u r stroking urself, I'll stroke myself to completion 2. Watch me!

I replied and looked at him stroking himself with his gloved left hand. He inserted his right middle finger in his asshole. Oh, I stroked my cock with my gloved left hand covered with lube. The lube was liquidly, not a gel, but it felt good on my cock. I too inserted a finger in my hole. I could feel it, but it was not enough. I needed something thicker. So, I grabbed an aluminum soda bottle that has water in it. I rubbed lube on the bottle, and slowly inserted it into my hole. I controlled my breathing while it entered me like a cock. Finally, the bottle was completely inside me. Oh, the fullness was amazing. I felt it press against my prostate. I grabbed and stroked by cock harder and faster.

I continued to look at my master, The Glover. Wow, he had four of his fingers inside his hole for a moment. Then, he grabbed a thick 9-inch blue dildo, poured lube on it, and inserted it inside himself. Watching that made be on the edge. So I typed that I was about to cum.

Ben Glover: Not yet, wait until I'm ready!

Me: I don't think I can wait! Ah! I'm cumming!

Like a volcano, my cock shot several wads on my chest and my face. As I recovered from my orgasmic high, The Glover started to shoot sever wads onto his chest. Then he told me to eat my cum. Pretending that it was his, I scooped up my cum with my gloved hand and licked it. I could just imagine how delicious his seed would be to me. Then, I noticed on the screen that he too scooped up his cum with his gloved hand and licked the cum off of it.

He typed to me:

Ben Glover: How was the cum, baby?

Me: Delicious can't wait to taste urs, Master! ;)

Ben Glover:  I'll see u 2morrow. I'm sending u an email. U should enjoy it. 

After I signed off the chat room, I checked my email. I got a new message from him. It had an attachment. I clicked on the attachment. I couldn't believe it. The Glover had a video of himself fisting someone else. His hands were covered in black latex gloves. He was nearly elbow deep in this young man's hole. Amazing! I instantly got hard again. I wanted to be that young man with a thick arm up in his ass. After I watched the video, I read the message.

"Not many men want to experience this, but I have a good feeling about you, baby. See you tomorrow night.

The_Glover"

To be continued....