 It had been 6 months since I last saw Sam. Just after paying my debt to help him quit smoking, things as one might imagine got pretty weird between the two of us. Now that he had made me not much more than a notch on his bedpost, and said some things to me with his jizz on my face while I was dressed in his ex-girlfriend's clothes that obviously made it uncomfortable for us to spend much time around each other. 

We decided it was in everyone's best interest if I moved out and he tried to find another room mate. A mutual friend of ours, Tom, moved in with him a couple weeks after I left. Tom gave me updates on what Sam was up to. He still wasn't smoking, and he had finally found a way to get Emily to take him back. I was really happy for him.

Personally though, I was terribly lonely. 

I replaced my normal Friday night out with Sam for Saturdays out with Tom. I decided it would only be courteous to give Sam some space, so Tom and I started meeting at another sports bar uptown called "Stack's". Tom's girlfriend Annie was the bartender here, so we would take advantage of her employee discount while trying not to talk about anything too risky while she was around.

"You buy the next round." Tom said as he sat down across the high table from me. Tom set an uncapped bottle of beer in front of me and few awkward moments of silence passed before Tom acknowledged my disposition. 

"I still don't know why you two fell out...and frankly it's none of my business..." I looked at him as he decided whether or not he should finish that sentence. My eyes told him not to, but he did it anyway. "...but I really wish you two would find a way to get over it."

I took a swig from the beer, popped my lips and widened my eyes thinking to myself 'if only you knew what happened, Tommy boy...' 

"You guys have been friends for ages. Whatever happened...whatever it is couldn't possibly be bad enough to cause this much shit between you two, right?" 

I half-smiled at Tom and tried to change the subject, "Did you catch that baseball game last night?" I asked him outright. 

Tom sighed, "I don't want to talk about the fucking game." He said frustratedly. Although I liked Tom, he had a way of being blunt that put some people off, "No bullshit, the three of us used to hang out together all the time, and now that the two of you are on the outs, it's making my life a miserable pain in the ass to go out. I feel like a child of divorce here between two parents. If you motherfuckers would stop the dramatics, we could all go back to having a good time."

"I'm sorry Tom, I know it seems stupid to you. I'm not really mad at Sam, we just haven't been getting along the same way." I replied trying to avoid specifics.

"Well what the hell happened between you two then? There's got to be some way we can all put it in the past." He asked sincerely.

I shook my head, "Maybe sometime, but definitely not tonight." I said just before taking another long swig from the bottle. 

After managing to avoid the conversation for the rest of the night and Tom left with Annie at the end of her shift as usual on the promise that if there was anything he could do to help fix the situation, he'd be there for us. I thanked him and hailed a cab home for the night.

That following Saturday, Tom was out of town on a business trip, but I decided to go to Stack's anyway to keep Annie company during her shift. As long as I've known Tom, he had dated Annie, and she was just about the greatest girl a guy could ask for. She had curly red hair that she let flow over her shoulders, a body tight enough to show off, and always dressed amazingly. 

On top of looking gorgeous, she was fun to talk to. 'The total package' is what some guys (including me) would call her. I'd thought a lot about what I would do if she ever became single, but Tom never let her go. 

"Last call you drunks! Time to go home to your wives!" Annie shouted at the patrons who all grumbled back at her. 

Then she walked over to me, "Didn't hit it too hard tonight, did we?" Annie asked me with a smile. I only had two beers the whole night. 

"Nah, not too bad" I replied as she printed out my tab. On my two beers, I left her a $50 tip for having spent the whole night in a seat at her bar and I still didn't spend as much as I normally do on a Saturday night.

"You're walking me home, right?" She asked me over her shoulder as she picked up a few empty bottles at the end of the bar. 

"With these old drunk perverts hanging around? Of course I am!" I said slapping the weird smelling old man next to me on the back with a smile and a laugh. 

As the crowd shuffled out of the bar, Annie followed them, her pumps clicking on the cement as she walked. She looked stunning as usual with her red lipstick complimenting her red hair. 

"Thanks for doing this, Tom and I really appreciate it." She said. After half-a block of quiet Annie continued, "You know, He's upset that you two are fighting."

I nodded to her, "I know. I'm not happy about it either." I said.

"Did you two have a fight or something?" She asked. 

"We didn't have a fight. Something happened that just caused the two of us to feel weird around each other to the point that we decided it'd be best if we just didn't hang out anymore." 

Annie had a concerned look on her face, "Do you want to share?" she asked carefully. I'm not sure why I felt compelled to confide in her, but for whatever reason, I decided I could trust her. 

"I promised Sam that I'd give him a blowjob if he quit smoking for 3 weeks. He did, and I kept my promise." Annie stopped mid stride, her hand covering her open mouth.

"Are you serious?" she asked after a moment. 

"Well...yeah...he's my best friend." I said.

"He just let you go down on him like that?" She asked me surprised. 

I looked around before I answered her, "I put on some of his ex-girlfriend's clothes before I did it."

The corners of Annie's lips slowly curled into a smile. "I don't believe it!" She said in jest. I shrugged my shoulders and avoided eye contact.

"Oh my god, you really did it!" She said, mouth agape again. "Did you like it?" She asked hesitantly. I hadn't actually thought much about it. I had tried not to deal with my feelings about it, repressing any feelings I actually had about the encounter. Now that I was actually being asked about it, a surge of emotion fell over me. 

We walked the last block to her apartment before I finally answered,"I don't really think it's who I am, but it wasn't the worst thing I've ever had to do for a friend." I said, unsure if my answer accurately described my feelings.

Annie smiled, "You're still working through it...that's ok. If you ever need someone to talk to about it, you can feel comfortable talking to me about it. I won't tell a soul." She said. Her words comforted me, and she was absolutely right. I hadn't thought enough about it.

Two months had passed. Tom came back from his business trip, and we continued our weekly hangouts with Annie keeping my secret just like she promised. She was great. She didn't tell a soul, not even Tom, then the night would end as usual, with Tom and I drunk doing our best to walk home without getting stopped by the police. 

It went on like that until one week I made a different decision...

"Alright, I'll see you two nexx week." I said drunkenly to my companions. They waved goodbye and went their own way, and I went mine. About a block from Stacks, I decided I didn't want to walk anymore, and hailed a cab to take me the rest of the way home. 

"Where you headed, my man?" The cabbie asked me. I thought for a minute. 

"Take me to McFawley's" I said. If you asked me then why I chose to go to the bar Sam and I used to hang out at, I'd have told you it was because I was lonely. And maybe I was in a way... I still hadn't sorted through my feelings about what I did with Sam, but I didn't really expect to even see him there when I walked through the door. 

...But there he was, right within eyesight of the door. Sitting at a table with Emily, a beer in front of him and a fruity green drink in front of her. They both looked like they didn't really want to be around each other. It was one of the most unhappy dates I had ever witnessed. 

'Just turn around, and hope that the cab hasn't left.' My drunk brain told me. I finally had the good sense to listen to it this time. 

As I went to turn and leave the bar, I heard Sam's voice call out to me.

"Hey! Don't go! Come on over!" He called out gesturing for me to join them. 

'Don't do it!' My brain said to me again. I ignored it this time. Walking over to Sam's table, the expression on his face had completely changed. He was happy to see me. Emily on the other hand hadn't changed her expression at all and continued to look annoyed.

"Hey, what's going on, man?" Sam asked me. 

"Was just in the neighborhood I guess..." I answered. Sam laughed. I ordered a drink and the two of us started catching up. It seemed like we hadn't seen each other in forever. I realized now just how much I'd missed Sam, and the awkwardness that we had before I moved out had seemed to disappear. I began to wonder why it came between us at all. The dynamic we had before had changed a little bit, though I couldn't put my finger on it at the time.

Almost an hour and a half had passed since I walked through the door before I realized that it wasn't just the two of us. This date he was on with Emily had almost become a date between Sam and myself, but the concept didn't bother me as much as it once might have even though it was clear to me now that this was different than just two old friends hanging out together. The next thing Sam did confirmed that for me.

"I'm gonna run to the bathroom real quick." Sam said giving me a surreptitious wink. His signal was as obvious to me as a sunny day. 

"Yeah," I said pulling my phone from my pocket "oh, and I'd better take this." Both of us got up from the table leaving Emily alone at the table. 

After maneuvering out of Emily's sight, I headed directly to where I knew Sam wanted to meet me. I closed the bathroom door behind me and locked the bolt. I confirmed the shoes under the second stall were Sam's and made sure he and I were the only two there. 

I knocked lightly on the stall door, and it opened right away. He looked into my eyes like a hungry wolf, pulling me in and closing the door behind me. He didn't say a word. We both knew time was limited before Emily would ask too many questions when we returned. 

He slowly pushed me to my knees while pulling his cock out of his pants. Seeing the bitch blaster again was a little like seeing Sam after the past few months. He put a strong hand behind my head and wasted no time pulling my face onto his dick. 

It smelled different than it did last time. It smelled like a girl's pussy, so I just assumed that Emily's vagina had already been the bitch blaster's target at some point today.

Being here on my knees, sucking my best friend's cock now for the second time gave me a clarity I didn't have before. 'I like doing this' I thought. Oh my god...I like it. I wanted to be here on my knees in this bathroom stall. I wanted to give Sam an orgasm and have him ejaculate all over my face just like he had before.

I did something I never thought I'd do. I let myself start to enjoy it. I sucked his dick with a will to make it cum because I wanted it, not because I wanted it to be over. I wanted him to treat me like he treated Emily. 

No sooner had the thought crossed my mind, then he had pulled his cock out of my mouth and prepared to make me eat those words.

"Stand up, little bitch" He said as he took his wallet out of his pocket with one hand and turning me around to face the door with his other. I heard the metallic tearing of what I knew was a condom wrapper followed by the sound of the wrapper hitting the floor, and the condom being rolled onto his cock. A million thoughts raced through my mind, about how when Sam put that condom was originally bought to keep sam from getting Emily pregnant would shortly be used on me instead. About how I was moments away from being completely dominated by Sam. 

I didn't even have time to protest if I wanted to. Sam unbuttoned my pants and let them drop to the floor, then I felt his wet fingers rub past my asshole, sticking one of them into me briefly before feeling something much larger, and much more stiff begin to pressure its way into the same hole.

He bent me over against the door to get a better angle, and my face winced as he pushed in harder and harder until his balls touched my thighs. As straight men, it's an unwritten rule that to fuck someone in the ass is the ultimate sign of dominance. With Sam's fully hard cock buried up to the balls in my ass, I knew who was in charge, and that he would not let me go until he was done with me.

As Sam pulled his cock back out, I felt a wave of pleasure wash over me, then he pushed back in reminding me of the pain. I breathed heavy trying my best to relax, and taking every inch of the bitch blaster as best I could. 

Then Sam was done being gentle. He went from 0-60 and suddenly became very aggressive. His hands which had just been on my waist pulling my ass into him had moved to my ass, and began a tight and painful squeeze. His thrusting quickened as his balls announced the change in pace by slapping hard against my thighs. My eyes were closed tightly, and I started to moan like a slut for him, ignoring the pain and embracing the pleasure. 

With each thrust in, Sam let out a grunt which got more and more deep and guttoral. 

"You like that you tramp? You happy to take my girlfriend's place on my dick?" He said in a dirty, carnal voice before slapping my ass as hard as he could. I let out a high pitched shriek, which seemed to send Sam into a frenzy. 

His grunts got deeper and then finally I felt the monster in my as pulse once, twice, three times, with each pulse, Sam let out another grunt. 

We were both breathing heavy. He quickly pulled his cock out of me and said, "Put your fucking pants back on and get out."

I heard the condom snap off the end of his dick as I pulled my pants back up and went to leave the stall. 

"Hey," He said, "You were great." Then he pulled me in for a kiss. I was now focused more on the pain than the kiss, but once it was over, I did my best to walk normally out of the bathroom. 

I decided to leave the bar then. I didn't want the awkwardness of sitting at the same table as a girl who I've shared a cock with... I couldn't even imagine what that would have been like. But as I walked by her table, her head spun and we locked eyes. She hadn't seen me come out of the bathroom, but it was as if she knew somehow. I broke eye contact and hurried out of the bar.