 I was driving down the motorway after work and was heading back home to my wife and two kids, when those two lunchtime beers I had kicked in and nature began to call loud and clear. Let me tell you a little about me. I'm 32 years old, about 5"10 and of average build. I lost my virginity to my wife, Charlotte, when I was aged 19. She is all a man could ever want. Blonde hair, startling blue eyes, large breasts and legs that go on from now til Christmas. I married her aged 22 and am approaching our 10th anniversary and we have two kids aged 6 and 4 and our sex life is still damn fine. As happy as I am, I do regret settling down to early. My only sexual partner was my wife and i've never strayed so I do regret never playing the field, but when you got a wife as hot as mine, who needs anyone else, right? Still, I wish I'd have played the field more.

I decide that I can't wait to get home so i can go to the bathroom. Luckily, there is a public toilets nearby, so i pull up outside. I see there is another car outside too. I go inside and there are two cubicles, a wash basin and a hand-dryer. 

One cubicle, as I suspected, was occupied. I went into the other one. It was a pretty dingy cubicle. I answer the call of nature and turn to go. All of a sudden I hear a 'ahem' from the next cubicle. I turn round, and spot a whole in the wall. As I prepare to turn around and leave, it happened. A soft 6 inch cock comes through the hole of the wall. 

A deep voice says, 'little help?'

I was stunned. Totally speechless. Eventually I regain some composure and said, 'Sorry mate, I'm not gay'.

As I turn to leave, the voice replies, 'Neither am I.'

Now I'm curious. I turn round and ask why he wants a guy to suck his dick when he's not gay. The man replies simply, 'Can you see a chick?'

Silence. The man says, 'come on, I don't fancy you and I'm not asking you to marry me, I just need a few minutes of your time to get me off.' After I didn't reply, he said 'Okay compromise. How about coming over here, kneel down and stare at my cock for two minutes. If you don't start sucking it after two minutes, then you can go. Come on, you may enjoy it.'

I still don't know why I did it. But I walked over towards the glory hole and knelt on the floor in front of his cock. After about 30 seconds, I felt a stirring in my own pants. All of a sudden, I was becoming quite horny at the prospect of sucking that impressive penis off. 

'Its nice isn't it?' the man purred.

I couldn't respond. But I stuck my tongue out and licked the tip of the head. That wasn't so bad, I thought. In fact, it tasted good. 

'And you just want a blowjob? You don't want to put it anywhere else, right?'

'That's right. Do we have an agreement?'

I answered with by tentatively placing my lips on the head of that impressive dick. The man let out a soft moan in satisfaction. It tasted a lot better than i thought. Tangy. As I put all six inch of this man's cock into my mouth, it felt so good. Within a few seconds, I felt the cock begin to harden and grow. As I move my mouth up and down his impressive member, i felt my own getting rock hard. I guess the man could tell as between moans he said breathlessly, 'You can... take yours out... if you like'. I unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down with his boxers and start to stroke my own cock. 

I pull this man's cock out of my mouth and it had grown to an incredible 9 inches. I stroke his cock whilst sucking on his balls. It was the biggest cock I'd ever seen. I'm not a gay man, but all of a sudden I was overcome with lust for this man. Another disadvantage of settling down at the age I did, is that I was never able to experiment and now as I put this glorious, juicy cock back in my mouth, I fully plan to make up for lost time. 

As I engulf his cock in my mouth, i flick my tongue across the tip. As pre-cum begins to seep from the head, I was finding hard to think, nor care, about my wife or kids. All I could think about was this 9 inch dick in my mouth. How sweet it tasted. It was the best thing I'd ever tasted, including my own wife's pussy. I wanted to make this man cum. I wanted that salty load over my face. It was the only thing I wanted at that moment. To taste his delicious cum. I felt myself on the verge of edging, as I felt him on the verge too. I pant that we should cum at the same time. 

I pull his cock out of my mouth and start stroking his cock with my left hand, and my own with my right hand. I feel his and my cock pulsing as we both unloaded our sticky white cum all over me. My cum came all over my belly and began to drip down to my stomach and down my thighs. His cum sprayed all over my face- my hair, my right eye, my nose, my cheek and chin. I stick out my tongue and lap up the cum on my face. It was the best thing I'd ever tasted. It was sweet and salty, all at once. I licked every last drop and felt very satisfied.

I smiled like the cat who'd got the cream, and in many senses I had. I felt alive. The man was still panting but managed to say that that was the best blowjob he'd ever had. I still had his cum in my mouth. I swished it around, wanting to savour it as much as possible before swallowing it down. We stayed there in silence for a few more moments, with the only sounds was our respective panting. That was the best experience of my life. The silence was broken when the man got up. I whimpered, desperate for him to stay. I need that cock in my life. He said that he had to go, but would be here everyday at the same time, if I wanted to stop by again. I remember thinking to myself as I cleaned up, that I should really have two lunchtime beers more often.