 Returning to college after a long summer break, I was surprised to learn I would be spending my sophomore year in a hotel which the University had leased to ease campus crowding. Other than being totally unexpected, the move placed me far away from campus forcing me to conform to a rigid schedule of early morning and later afternoon shuttling. I had to learn to make completely new friends out of those students who found themselves at the hotel. This included a new roommate, Julien, who, while not the worst human being I could be placed with, was the total opposite of those I was normally accustomed to hanging out with.

Almost immediately Julien and I got off on the wrong foot: He preferred loud, monotonous rock music while I was strict a Jazz listener. I chose to study much of the time and he seldom, if at all, took time to hit the books. The only thing that prevented us from killing each other was the large suite our school had put us up in, with it's own bathroom and plenty of space to separate Julien and I. There were moments where we talked and actually were civil, usually over video games or late night Monopoly matches. Still, we had different cliques that we belonged to and outside of the suite, we never acknowledged each others existence. However, over the coming months I would become quite familiar with Julien…

When the weather turned cold mid-October, the hotel was generous in the amount of heat it provided for our rooms. Although the weather was quite chilly outside, it didn't really warrant the thermostat being turned up to nearly 85 degrees; both Julien and I had to strip down to tee-shirts and underwear to prevent dehydration. Since we regarded each other very little, our near nakedness was not a cause of shame or embarrassment. He was a good looking kid, slightly built but more on the skinny side, like myself. 

Because of the water I had to constantly consume in order keep myself from becoming a prune, I would have to make several trips to the bathroom during the night. On one occasion, I stumbled out of bed, half asleep, groping blindly along the wall to the bathroom. While I did notice it at the time, the fact that light was leaking from underneath the door didn't register in my brain fast enough and I swung the door open. The vision that formed as my eyes became accustomed to the brightness was Julien sitting on the toilet, buck naked, dick in hand and magazines laid out on the floor in front of him. He seemed as startled as I was and he delayed in covering up his little masturbation session. 

"I'm sorry, sorry!" I repeated, while backing up. I closed the door and returned to my bed. It was several minutes after my roommate had left the bathroom and was back in his bed that I dared to relieve myself. 

I didn't see Julien until the next night and we regarded each other less than usual. There was now an air of formality in the way we went about our business. While I didn't really care what Julien did, I was guilty of the same acts he was, I felt the less said the better. Indeed, I frequently masturbated; I had zero luck with the ladies at school and needed to help myself one way or another. 

One thing though, I became extremely curious as to the material Julien used to get-off. I preferred the internet as my sole source of smut and was more than intrigued that my roommate still used magazines. So one day, while Julien was assuredly at school, I went through his things and found a whole treasure trove of porn. First, I was quite amazed that Julien could actually transport that much material to school without anyone noticing. More than that, the variety of porn that he had was equally amazing: Playboys, Penthouse and the like, hardcore images of sex, some fetish stuff and several gay magazines. As I rifled through his stash, I became increasingly aroused. Finally I decided that my dick was just too hard to ignore and selecting some choice porn, I went into the bathroom to beat-off. While each magazine brought me close to orgasm, the one that I found most arousing was one dealing in watersports. I always gravitated to pissing fetishes online and Julien's material brought me to a tremendous peak, one that sent my jizz flying all over the place. 

After I recovered from my session, I cleaned up the bathroom, replaced the magazines and tried hard to go about my business as if nothing had happened. When Julien returned, I was a bit over zealous in trying to play it cool and he looked at me as if knew something was up. It wasn't until a couple days afterward that Julien confirmed my suspicions. 

About a week later I came home from school, and went about my normal routine of preparing a snack and reading the paper. Julien was there, flipping through TV channels while reclining on his bed. I noticed, spread out on our coffee table, several of his magazines, including the one containing watersports. 

After much debate, I pointed to them. " Hey man, what are those? "

Julien never took his eyes off of the TV. " Couple of my mags… you don't mind do you? "

"No, that's cool man. " I got up and thumbed through some of them, trying desperately to act like I had never seen anything like them before in my life. 

"You can use them if you like, it's cool. " Julien assured me.

"Oh… really? Thanks. " What was I to say or do… Take them into the bathroom and jerk-off in approval? 

I picked up a handful and sat at the edge of my bed, meticulously going through each one. While the sensation of thumbing through someone else's personal stash of porn was awkward, I felt liberated by the consent that Julien had given me. I even entertained thoughts of freely masturbating, in the bathroom of course. 

As I went through the magazines, I made little sounds of approval and mocked shock as if to advertise the innocence of my sexual knowledge.

"Which one are you looking at? " Julien asked as he moved from his bed and sat beside me.

A full page spread was colorfully on display of a women pissing on a man. " Just this one, it's kind of weird… " I said sheepishly. 

"Oh yea, my friend got that in Amsterdam for me. It's cool. "

I turned my head slightly in his direction. " You into this stuff? I mean, it's cool if you are. "

Julien shrugged. " I like it, it's cool. I'm not that into it. "

"Not that into it? " I asked. " So you're into it a little. "

He shifted a bit, and tucked one leg underneath his butt. " Well, I… I've never done it with anyone else. Just myself… "

My cocked stirred a little. " Yourself? How is that? ". Tension had now descended upon the room in full force. 

"Well, um, you can, ha, um, you know, do it on yourself sometimes. Sometimes, in the tub. "

"Oh I see, do you like it? "

"Well, yea, I do… I mean, piss is pretty clean, as bodily fluids go. It's warm, it's fun. " 

My dick was at full attention. I had to move around a little to get comfortable. I decided to probe a little bit more. " Yea, it seems like it could be fun. So you've never done it with anyone else? "

"Oh well, no. No. Not that I wouldn't. " Julien looked me up and down; he was checking me out. 

I flipped through the magazine a little, painfully aware of my roommate's close proximity. I realized how sexually deprived I was in school and how adventurous I was willing to be. My hands started to shake, my nerves were absolutely shot. 

"Well, would you like to go into the, um, bathroom with me? " I asked in a whisper.

Julien looked like he had been suddenly hit with an electric shock, he eyes bulged. " What do you mean? " 

"I mean, in the tub… "

"Oh, " I was sure he was going to run out of the room at any moment but instead. " Okay. "

I eased off of the bed and with my roommate following, went into the bathroom. I started to strip and Julien followed. We stared at each other when we both were down to our underwear, erections showing through the thin material. Julien removed his final bit of clothing first, his erection slapping against the skin of his stomach. As he pulled the shower curtain back, I took of my underwear and stepped into the tub. 

Naked and shaking, I waited to see who would move first. Slowly, Julien caressed my arm and ran his hand along my skin, down to my hand and onto my naked thigh. I cupped his shoulder and massaged his muscles with a weak grasp, swallowing the frog in my throat. He move his head forward, eyes closed, lips puckered. I wasn't expecting a kiss but obliged anyway, first giving him short pecks then letting my tongue go to work in his mouth. We embraced, joining together and quite pleasurably, rubbing our swollen cocks against each other. 

It got so heated I forgot why we agreed to get naked in the first place. " Do you want to go first or should we do it together? " Julien reminded.

"Oh yea, um, it doesn't matter. " I replied, playing it very innocently.

"Okay. " Julien got down and laid on his back between my legs. " Um, you can do it on my face but you should move that way a little so it hits my chest too. "

With my back pressed against the tile, I took my hard dick in hand and guessed the trajectory of the piss stream. It took my cock a while to adjust to pissing but soon I felt the hot urine flow from my bladder and through my member. The feeling was almost as pleasurable as an orgasm. 

There was an initial burst of piss which splashed on Julien's chest followed by a long yellow stream. Julien gasped a little then went into a full moan as I covered him with my liquid. I moved my dick around a little, first soaking his body then moving on to his face. At first he get his lips were tightly sealed but then, as my bladder was emptying the last of it's contents, opened up, so that his mouth overflowed with pee. When I was done, I stood there for a while, butterflies in my stomach, watching my roommate brush the excess fluid from his head. 

"Your turn. " Was all he said while he got to his feet and I slid down into the tub. 

Looking up, I saw the figure of Julien, cock between fingers, piss dripping from his body. There was a tense couple seconds of inaction then finally, the first spray from his cock. The stream hit me directly in the neck, splashing on my face. I turned my head a little, feeling the warm stream hit my body and then adjusting so that Julien's piss hit me right between the eyes. I opened my mouth slightly, allowing the fluid to seep onto my tongue. The taste and smell was not at all repugnant; actually, there was a sweetness to it that I liked. Julien squeezed the last drops of urine onto my body and I ran my hands all over my wet torso, remarking on how slick my skin felt. 

The whole experience left me wildly aroused and I couldn't help but notice that Julien remained rigid as well. He helped me to my feet and we reclined on opposite sides of the tub. 

"That was good. " I muttered through laughter, piss droplets flying from my lips. 

"Yes it was. " Julien replied, almost breathless.

I started to stroke my cock, which was slick with urine. Almost instantly I came to orgasm and shot some of my load onto the fiberglass surface of the tub, the rest bubbling over my fist. Julien quickly reached out a hand and scooped up my mixture of cum and piss which he used to lube is own cock. Within seconds, he too was cumming, furiously pulling on his dick, white goo flying all over. Without hesitation, I used my finger to get a dab of his seed from the tip of his dick so that I could taste his salty fluid. 

To this day, that first experience with Julien still makes my cock hard. Yet, that night was only the beginning of my sexual adventures, most of which, with Julien by my side. Although we haven't seen each other in years, we frequently talk about the Golden years of college.