 It had been 6 or 7 months since my buddy Mark had caught me fucking his wife Melissa. That had been both an exciting and embarrassing event for both of us. He wasn’t so much angry as hurt but we had several long conversations afterwards during which I explained to him how it happened and that I loved both of them very much. I think he understood the chain of events that had lead up to that day and soon things got back to normal between he and I and it seemed between he and Melissa. We continued our weekly golf outings and dinners together and the subject didn’t come up again between us. 

Then came our trip to Myrtle Beach for a week of golf and drinking. The wives were invited but both he and I knew that they wouldn’t go along so it would be just the two of us which was ok with us. We would be able to golf all day, have drinks and get a buzz on, have a nice dinner and go to bed and get up and do it again the next day. A perfect vacation.

The 6 hour drive to the beach always seemed to lend itself to conversations that we would not normally have. I guess it was the boredom that caused it. On the way down he casually mentioned that he and Melissa had been having great sex in the previous few months and that ever since he caught us together he looked at sex differently. I was curious about this and questioned him further. He went on to explain that he had been brought up in a strict Catholic environment and that he was taught that sex was dirty and not something you discussed socially or shared with others. This surprised me because I too had been in Catholic schools and didn’t share this view. Anyway, he went on to say that he was enjoying sex more than ever and had discovered some new and different things that he found enjoyable. I didn’t press on the issue but told him that was great and that I was happy for him. In my mind I wondered what things he had discovered and what if any influence I had on it. 

I knew Melissa was more open minded than Mark and maybe she had convinced him that there was more to sex than just a once a week missionary fuck.

The first day at the beach was great. We got to play a beautiful golf course and returned to the condo drained from being out in the sun all day. A pitcher full of Margaritas was immediately prepared and we began to savor the day and the Tequila. After more than a few the Tequila began to loosen up our tongues and soon we were involved in a conversation about sex and my infidelity with his wife. I wasn’t surprised the subject came up again because I never really felt like we had complete closure on it. The times we talked about it he only mentioned the fact that I had fucked his wife and never seemed willing to discuss what had happened between he and I. He was sort of in denial. 

The conversation continued over dinner and more drinks and soon he was asking me questions about that day. He asked if that was the only time I had fucked her and if I liked it. 

I was slightly drunk and wanted to be completely honest with him so I said,

“Yeah, just that one time and it was great.” 

He was taken aback by my bluntness and continued with his questions. 

“Did you like all of it?” he asked. 

I knew what he wanted to know. He wanted to know if I liked sucking his dick and did I like the fucking he gave me. 

Feeling a little mean and not wanting to give him complete satisfaction I responded, “yeah it was ok, but I prefer my men to be a little bigger.” This caused a look on his face I had not previously seen. 

Now you have to understand Mark is hung really well, about 7 to 8 inches of smooth dark cock that looks beautiful hanging between his legs and he has always thought of himself as a stud so this response he had not heard in a while. It was a Kodak moment. 

The conversation changed quickly to a different subject and we finished dinner and headed back to the Condo for a night cap.

We were both buzzing from the Tequila and I felt a little guilty about the comment I made at the restaurant so I made a point to tell him he shouldn’t consider his dick small, that I had been kidding him about the size of it. He lit up when I said this.

“You mean you think I’m hung well?” 

I responded with “yeah, you’ve got a nice cock, not the biggest I’ve ever seen

but very nice, bigger than most.” He suddenly changed demeanor, he got an air of bravado about him and seemed to be a little agitated.

“I can’t believe you fucked my wife”. 

We were back on the subject again and I wanted to put a stop to it immediately so I responded with “I can’t believe you fucked me, did you enjoy taking my ass like that.” 

This caught him off guard and he suddenly said good night.

I stayed up for a little while watching TV while he went to the bathroom and readied himself for bed. He left the bathroom door open and I caught a glimpse of him standing there in the nude washing his face. His cock hanging down past his balls and dangling as he moved about. It was a fine piece of meat and it made me think back to when I had it in my mouth. I too soon headed to the adjacent bedroom for a good night sleep. 

I noticed his light stayed on for what seemed like a long time. I was a little worried about him so I pretended to go to the bathroom and snuck a peak in his bedroom to see if he was ok. He was lying on the bed on his back asleep. A very handsome man completely nude and drunk and there for the taking. It was all I could do to resist so I merely turned his light out and returned to my own room where I quickly dozed off.

Sometime during the night I was awakened to the feel of something warm touching my face. I opened my eyes just a bit to see the figure of Mark standing next to my bed in the darkness, completely nude. His cock appeared to be only slightly hard and hung down at a 45 degree angle, only inches from my face. I quickly closed my eyes to the point I could just barely see and pretended to be asleep. I was curious to see just what he was up to in his drunken state. He slowly leaned forward letting the tip of his cock touch my face. I lay perfectly still and he got more brazen. He progressed to dragging his semi hard cock across my face with his hand and I could smell his manhood and occasionally feel his pubic hairs touch my nose and chin. This went on for a few minutes and I decided to see how far he would go so I shifted a bit and allowed my face to come closer to the edge of the bed and let my mouth open slightly, a silent invitation to him to do whatever he wanted. He hesitated for a moment, apparently to make sure I was still asleep and then continued rubbing his now hard cock over my face. He positioned the wet tip of his cock against my lips and began pressing slightly as his cock began to part my lips and enter my waiting mouth. 

I didn’t suck on it at first. I let him push it in further before I started to suck it. By this time I figured he either didn’t think I would wake up or he didn’t care. I started to slowly suck on his cock again and I felt his hand on the back of my head. He was gently pushing his cock in my mouth and pulling it out until only the head was left in my mouth. This went on for about 15 minutes. I was slurping on his cock and he was moaning in the darkness, neither of us acknowledging what was going on. Soon he increased the pace and force of his strokes and I knew he was about to cum so I sucked as hard as I could to finish him off. He soon rewarded me with a huge load of warm cum that I gladly swallowed. He quietly pulled out of my mouth after going soft and returned to his room without saying a word.

The next day was a little awkward. It was uncomfortable and neither of us enjoyed it so I felt like we needed to clear the air and that was exactly what I planned to do that night at dinner. Dinner rolled around and we got our usual buzz on from Tequila. Over dinner I brought up the subject of the night before. I asked him if he enjoyed it without specifically asking him about the blow job I had given him. 

He seemed embarrassed and said, “I’m sorry, I don’t know what came over me, I was just so horny.” 

I let him feel the guilt for a few minutes before responding. It felt like I had a power over him. 

I then told him, “Look, I’m sorry you caught me fucking your wife but I enjoyed it and I enjoyed what happened between you and I then, and I enjoyed sucking you off last night so don’t feel guilty.” He was clearly surprised by my statement and it seemed to open up a whole new arena for conversation. 

“You know, I was afraid to admit it, but I really enjoyed you sucking me off. Your much better at giving head than any of the women I’ve had and you have absolutely the tightest ass I’ve ever seen. I don’t want you to think I’m gay or anything but it really felt good the time I got to fuck it. Last night just reminded me of that day.”

“Good”, I said, I’m glad we finally got that out in the open. “You know Mark, I love you and Melissa both like I love my own wife but I refuse to put limitations on my experiences or be labeled and I hope you understand.” 

Mark said, “Yeah, I understand completely now, I wish we had this conversation a long time ago.” 

We finished dinner and headed back to the condo. When we got there the atmosphere was completely different than the night before. It was kind, quiet and very loving. We enjoyed each others company and talked very frankly about a lot of things. When bed time came around I wanted to open a new door for him so I told him “I’m going to bed now and if you get horny again and want me to get you off your welcome in my bedroom anytime.”

He gave me a hug and said “thanks, I would like that. I’m going to take a shower before retiring. Would you like to join me?” 

It was becoming a special night in our relationship and I was getting more than a little excited. We retired to his bedroom where we both began undressing. We both had our shirts, shoes and socks off and he was beginning to undo his belt buckle when I asked him if I could do that for him. I always liked removing another mans pants and shorts. He nodded permission and I sat on the edge of the bed, him standing in front of me with his hands on his hips. I eased his zipper down and let the pants fall to the floor revealing a bulging pair of bikini briefs. The outline of his growing cock was clear in his tight shorts and I just stared at it for a moment. I was close enough to smell his manhood and he was ok with me taking extra time to check him out. I slowly pulled down his shorts letting his cock flop out right in front of my face. It was magnificent, 8 inches of beautiful dark cock only inches from my hungry mouth. I wanted to suck it so bad but I resisted and settled for just pushing my face into it his pubic area and drinking in the smell and warmth of it. I finally pulled away and stood to remove my own clothes. 

We were completely nude and I was admiring his body when he said, “fold my clothes up and pick up my room and when your done you can join me in the shower.” 

Now this was a turn of events, I thought we were going to be on the same level but he had different ideas apparently and wanted to be the dominant one. I thought for a minute and said “OK, if that’s how you want it.” He smiled and headed for the shower. 

I quickly picked up his room folding the clothes and putting them away and went to the bathroom. I opened the curtain to see him standing there under the flowing water, just letting it wash over him. 

He said, “it’s about time, come on get in. I need my back washed.” 

I climbed in and took the body wash he uses and began to scrub his muscular back. He enjoyed himself and I continued to soap him all over, reaching around and scrubbing his chest, letting my hands work their way down to his crotch.

When I started rubbing his cock he turned around to face me and I continued giving special attention to his growing member. When he was completely hard he took the soap from me and began scrubbing me. Now he had never touched me before and I was anxious to see how far he would go. He gently scrubbed my shoulders and back and reached around and began on my chest. I could feel his hard cock pressing against my ass and I couldn’t help but return the gesture by pressing back against him a little just to let him know it was ok. He slid his hands down and gently washed my cock and balls. We rinsed off and immediately dried ourselves and went into his bedroom.

He said, “lets enjoy ourselves tonight, no limits and no guilt.” 

I said “that sounds great, what would you like to do first?” 

He said, “first I want you to understand that I will be the one to call the shots, and if you have a problem with that we can stop right now.” 

I said, “I don’t have a problem with that as long as you take care of me too and don’t hurt me.” 

He said, “I will take good care of you and I won’t hurt you because I love you too. With that he came closer and wrapped his muscular arms around me kissing me full on the lips. I responded in kind and soon we were on the bed in each others arms French kissing and rubbing against each other. It was wonderful.

After a few minutes of this he raised up and said’ “I want you to get on your knees like a slut and suck my big cock.” 

His Type A personality was beginning to show as he began to talk down to me. I must say I found my new submissive role exciting, so without any hesitation I gladly dropped to my knees and began servicing his swollen cock. I sucked it like a pro, slurping and gulping like I was starving for it. I took as much of it as I could in my mouth at times but couldn’t quite swallow all of it. It was just too long. I bobbed up and down on his cock while he slowly gyrated his hips into my face. I loved sucking his cock and he knew it. 

He was about to cum when he suddenly pulled it out of my mouth and said, “I want to fuck you like we did before. Why don’t you get up on the bed on all fours and give me that tight ass of yours.”

I gladly assumed the position hoping he would use a lubricant on me before plunging that big thing in me. I was surprised to feel his tongue on me exploring me and getting me wet for what was to come. A few hot minutes of this and I was ready for anything. I felt him get up next to my ass with his cock rubbing up and down against my ass crack. He placed a hand on each of my hips and gently began pushing his cockhead against my hole. It was tight and I had to force myself to relax a little before the head pushed past the opening. It stung a little at first but soon we were pushing back and forth, him shoving all of his cock in me and me pushing back against it to make sure I took every inch of it. He seemed to be enjoying himself and began to vocalize which I took as a good sign. 

He would say things like, “God your ass is tight, it feels great to be fucking it again.” 

He had a firm grip on both my hips and forcefully pulled me into him on each stroke. It felt like he was bigger than before and it hurt a little but I loved every minute of it. He definitely liked being on top of me and being in charge which was ok with me as long as he continued letting me have his big cock whenever I wanted some. 

At one point he said, “That’s it bitch, take my cock up your tight ass.”

He now thought of me as more than just a friend, I was one of his many fuck toys. Someone he could call up anytime of the night or day and get a blow job from or a tight ass he could fuck on command. I was a little ashamed that I liked being a fuck slut for him but damn he was good looking and I absolutely loved his beautiful cock, and so the relationship had changed.

He continued pleasuring himself in my ass, giving me the fucking I had wanted for so long. We had been at it for about an hour, with periods of slow strokes that were very sensual alternated with periods of hard animal like slamming and grunting. He told me how much he liked fucking me and how he wished we had started a long time ago with this new relationship. I felt the same way and having his beautiful cock inside me made my own cock very hard. Soon he picked up the pace and seemed to be reaching a climax. I knew he was ready to come which he soon did. I could feel the jets of warm cum hitting inside me and soon we collapsed on the bed, his sweaty body on top of me and his cock still in me. I could have stayed like that all night but he soon rolled over, kissed me on the back of the neck and went to sleep. I got up from the bed and got a wet wash cloth from the bathroom and cleaned him up before falling off to sleep myself. 

When morning rolled around I awoke first and I felt a little naughty. I couldn’t resist kneeling next to his head and letting my cock rub his face and lips like he had done me. Only he woke up and smiled up at me and opened his mouth. I slowly slipped my cock between his lips and he proceeded to suck me off like a pro. I don’t know if he had ever sucked another man off before or not but he was surprisingly good at it. I was really enjoying myself and the sight of my hard cock going in and out of my buddy’s mouth put me over the edge. I grabbed the back of his head with both hands, holding his face against my crotch and delivered my load into his warm mouth, squirting every drop as far down his throat as I could and making sure not to pull out until every drop was given to him.. He swallowed all of it without hesitation and soon my limp cock came out of his mouth. We now shared not only his wife but a love of cocksucking. 

He admitted that he liked sucking another man off far more than he thought he would. He was now able and willing to please men and women both and I could see him enjoying his new role as my lover and as a bona fide cocksucker. The next step would be to teach him how to take a cock like a man. We still had several nights left at the beach and I planned to expand his horizons and allow him to experience the pleasure of being a bottom for a night. He had no idea what he had been missing but I planned to show him and teach him and before the week was out to get my cock up his ass at least once. What a great vacation it turned out to be.