 (Special thanks go out to Mike D, and to all who have encouraged me to continue to write, I welcome any and all comments)

All night long, with each and every fare all I wanted to do was to go home. As Sunday nights go this one was quieter than usual. I called my night early, after a bit of a bitch session with dispatch. I hadn't had a fare since 10:00 and it was near the end of my shift anyway so I jumped in my car and headed home. 

On the drive home my thoughts returned to Bill. I hadn't cum like that in years. I never thought that being with a man could be so good. I guess it makes sense because a man knows what a man likes and therefore it's only natural. 

I started wondering more about lesbian sex...did I give Maria what she needed? I'd love to see Maria with another woman. Maybe that would make me a better lover for her. If she saw Bill lovingly sucking my cock, licking my balls, fingering my ass, what would she think? Would it turn her on? Would she be disgusted?

As I turned into my driveway I noticed the upstairs bedroom light was on, Maria's probably awake. I also noticed Bills kitchen light on, he said he had a surprise for me. I figured I had better go up and take care of Maria. She said she wanted more and I was sure that was why she was still awake. I climbed the stairs slowly, walked down the hall and entered my bedroom; Maria was on bed wearing a short sexy teddy sound asleep. She looked beautiful, laying there on her back, her breasts rising and falling as she breathed. Her long, tanned legs relaxed in sleep, with one straight, the other bent slightly giving me a nice view of the cleft of her pussy.

In the past when I had come home horny and then had tried to wake her, looking for sex, she had denied me. But tonight I knew she wouldn't, although a part of me wanted her to. Quietly I got undressed, took a quick shower, dried off and wrapped a towel around my waist and went back to our bed. I slipped in along side her and whispered into her ear. She reacted by rolling onto her side, so that now my cock now positioned right against her fantastic ass. I was already semi hard and now my erection grew as she unconsciously pushed her ass against my cock. 

I slipped a hand to her breast and once again tried to wake her softly, squeezing her breast gently as I pushed my cock firmly against her ass. She kind of groaned and rolled further onto her side away from me, and let out a sigh. 

With that move I rolled onto my back and thought, "this isn't going to work." 

Or was I just taking the easy way out because I wanted to see what Bill's surprise was?

I got up slowly, put the towel back around my waist, went downstairs to the cupboard, pulled out a bottle of scotch and poured myself 3 fingers over a couple of cubes. As I stood there sipping my scotch looking out the back window I saw Bills Kitchen light flash twice. I smiled as my cock began to stir under my towel and flicked my light off and on. Bill then flashed 3 times which I took as a cue to go outside. 

Bills back door opened as I crossed my yard and he stood in the doorway beckoning to me. I skirted my pool and went through the gate into Bills yard, scotch in hand and he called out. 

"I saw you drive up; I thought maybe you weren't going to come back down." 

I told him about going up to bed with Maria, how she had fallen asleep and how I had tried to wake her. 

He smiled and said, "Well you tried; now why don't you come inside for my surprise."

I had only been in Bills house a few times over the years; it was tastefully decorated in an Asian theme. Bill's wife was Japanese so the house was done in a way that put you at ease. Bill was dressed in a silk robe, his feet were bare as mine were and I was still wrapped only in a towel. 

Bill said. "Follow me, the surprise is in my parlor."

When we entered the parlor the room was lit with candles, and soft eurhythmic sounds playing from a concealed stereo or iPod. In the center of the room was a massage table. 

Bill said, "Come lay on the table and I'll give you a nice massage. After all that driving you must be stiff". 

I smiled, "I didn't know you had this" I gladlly climbed onto the table, and lay face down.

Bill proceeded to oil his hands and started to rub my shoulders and neck. He told me the table was his wifes, and that she had taught him the fine art of massage. She had been a geisha when he met her in the service. Geisha's are taught to serve, which she did well for him. She had passed her knowledge onto him and I must say he learned well. 

His oiled hands skillfully worked my shoulders, my neck, and then slid along my back to the top of my bottom. He oiled his hands again as he worked my muscle groups from my ass down my legs. He worked first one side then the other, each time he stroked, his slippery fingers would slip between the cheeks of my ass. His fingers ran over my man pussy, and I opened my legs to his touch. I wanted to allow him to touch the inside of my thighs and to have unfettered access to my balls.

He now gently tugged my sack on his way down all in a fluid motion; his oily hands never broke contact with me. Long strokes down my legs to my feet and back up again to my ass, each time his fingers getting bolder. Almost involuntary I raised my ass from the table to meet his touch. Then he slipped his hand under my balls and caressed my hardening cock with one hand as he rubbed warm oil between the cheeks of my ass.

I moaned this time as he inserted a finger partly into my ass and tugged my ball sack and then stroked my cock. I rocked up onto my knees now with my ass fully exposed. With complete access, Bill pulled his finger out of my ass and started licking it, inserting his tongue in me as he gripped the base of my steel hard cock. 

It felt fantastic; I had never felt anything like it. He continued to work my ball sack, and gripped the base of my cock as he feverishly tongued my anus. I could feel the cum building and as my sack tightened Bill noticed and pulled back. I didn't want to cum yet and Bill had more in store for me and didn't want me to cum yet either.

Slowly I eased myself back onto the table, Bill now worked his way back up to my shoulders, and I could now feel his hard cock rub against my head as he worked my upper body. 

Bill tapped my shoulder and told me to turn on my back. I followed his direction; he put a rolled pillow under my legs, and a small pillow under my head. He now took more warm oil and trickled it down my chest to my pubes. With both hands he began rubbing oil over my chest, tweaking my nipples and then moving down to my stomach. He took some time to work my abs before moving down to my still hard cock. His hands were warm and slippery with oil and felt so good as he caressed my balls. 

I reached out to rub my hand along his back and I trailed my hand down to his ass. For a man his age, his ass was surprisingly firm. As he continued to rub me I pulled on the belt of his robe which fell open.

I looked and noticed he was wearing silk panties...

Bill looked at me a bit embarrassed and told me he always wears them around the house because the sensation of the smooth silk was very arousing.

I smiled and said, "As long as you're happy who cares?" I did notice that his cock and balls were seductively visible thru the semi-transparent panties. 

With that he bent over and took the head of my cock into his warm, wet mouth. His tongue circling the engorged head of my cock, one hand cupping and tugging on my balls and the other gripped firmly around the base of my cock.

My hand slipped under his robe, rubbing his ass through his panties. I slipped my hand under the silken panties to feel his balls. He spread his legs so I could have better access and he moaned over my cock. 

I gently pulled his panties down as he now took my cock deep into his mouth. I probed hus anus with my thumb. The fingers of my other hand pulled on his ball sack. He moaned louder now and continued to suck and tug at me. 

I opened my legs further giving him greater access to my ass and he followed my lead. As he held my cock, he then tongued my balls down to my anus and back up again...over and over he repeated the motion.

His mouth felt like one giant tongue one moment engulfing my cock the next my balls then into my anus. Cum was building in my balls and I knew I was going to explode, I couldn't take much more. Bill could sense it, he wanted my load, he was now working my cock feverishly...faster and faster he stroked me with one hand in unison with his mouth. I came in a mighty eruption, my hips bucking; I let out a loud moan.

It was then that I heard a loud gasp, my fingers in Bills ass, and my cock deep in his mouth. I looked up and there stood Maria, still in her little teddy. I jumped up, pulling my fingers from Bills ass. Bill was oblivious to Maria's presence and he continued to keep me deep in his throat greedily gulping down all my man juice. 

Maria's mouth open now, no sound coming out, her eyes focused on Bill draining my cock. I stammered, "Maria..."

Bill lifted his head, my cum dripping from his lips he looked straight at Maria and said "Oh my god".

Maria looked at me and said "What the fuck Dave!" "Are you fucking gay now?" 

All I could stammer was, "No / Yes....I don't know". 

She still staying where she was, saying, "Is that why you didn't wake me when you got home...you wanted Bill! Not me? Why?" 

With that she turned and stormed from the room. I jumped off the table, 

Bill told me, "Wait...give her a few minutes to comprehend what she just saw. It would be like you walking in on her with another woman". 

I said, "Well I'd welcome that". 

He said, "Maybe, but at first you'd be thinking what's wrong with me...why does she want her"? 

With that I collapsed on the floor.

Bill handed me my scotch which I downed. Bill smiled and said, "Damn! That was one great visit...until she walked in".

As I left Bill's house to try to calm Maria down I had to admit that was two awesome experiences I had never felt with a woman...I love Maria but I need more. When I entered my house I could hear her crying upstairs.

To be continued...