 Maria and I had bought our dream home after many years of sacrifice. This goal had become all consuming and had taken its toll on our lives. Due to the long work hours and conflicting schedules we had seen little of each other over the past several months.

Maria is a legal secretary she works the typical 9 -- 5 and often later. I drive taxi and I try to take as many late shifts as I can get which usually means I'm not home till 1 AM sometimes later and she's usually sleeping. Which means our sex life is non-existent.

Last night I had a late fare that was extraordinary. 

I picked them up at Club Dynamo at midnight, both were feeling no pain, and what a beautiful pair they were.

She was at least 5'10, Blonde, wearing a low cut white blouse that offered a great view of here 38 D's, which was paired with an unbelievable short skirt than when she climbed in my cab offered me a glorious peek of her creamy white thighs and her bright red underwear.

He was 6'3, slim, also Blonde, wearing tight black leather pants, and a black shirt unbuttoned to his navel showing a smooth chest. 

Both were laughing and carrying on so much I could hardly get their destination out of them. We chatted for a bit and I found out they were both 27, he's a drug salesman and she a nurse.

All the time we talked I could see her in my mirror and she noticed I couldn't take my eyes off her. I could hear her whispering, giggling softly, and soon as I drove along and the roads got darker it got quiet. 

Looking in the rear view I could see they were making out, he had his hand between the V of her blouse and had pushed the fabric aside giving me a great view of her creamy white breast. He had her nipple was between his fingers pinching and pulling and she was moaning into his mouth as he kissed her.

Normally I call a halt to this stuff when it happens in my cab...I pull over give them a shout of NOT IN MY CAB. "Get A ROOM!!" but tonight I was mesmerized, perhaps it was the fact that they were beautiful, perhaps it was because I was horny as hell.

I continued to glance in the mirror every chance I got, as I watched she unbuckled and unzipped his pants, and she was slipping his thick cock out as he sucked on her breast, she stroked him then he leaned back and she slowly lowered her mouth onto his engorged cock with one eye on me and with a smile took it all deep into her throat in one smooth move.

I think I let out a moan as I unconsciously rubbed my cock through my pants. As I watched he pulled her hair aside so I had a clear view of her bobbing up and down on his 8 inches. He now had taken his hand, pulled up her skirt and was rubbing her through her panties.

I could hear her softly moan as she sucked him deeply. I could barely keep the cab in its lane and had to slow down, I was afraid if I got into an accident I'd loose my license, never mind that he could get castrated the hard way. 

Soon he started to moan a bit and her moans got louder, her head bobbing faster and faster, his hand now deep in her panties I knew he was fingering her hot pussy I could smell the musk wafting over the front seat. Then he put a hand on her head and held it as he pumped his load deep into her throat...she let out a loud muffled moan and gulped it greedily down. Slowly she lifted her mouth off his cock and with her finger wiped the edge of her mouth. She then turned looked at my reflection in the mirror and smiled and gave me a wink.

When we arrived at their door some 5 minutes later he gave me a $20 for a tip and took my card promising to call when they next needed a cab. She stumbled into the house with him both laughing and she was looking back at me with a big smile. My cock had leaked pre cum all over the front of my pants, which were tan, and standing there under the light she could see it.

I got back in my cab, pissed at myself and drove back to the garage to drop the cab and get my truck and headed home. On my ride after picking up my truck I couldn't help but think about what I had watched. My cock got hard again and I couldn't help but envy that guy. 

Maria, when she did give me head, never I mean never, allowed me to cum in her mouth so to see her not only take his load but swallow every drop and then wipe her lips to be sure she didn't miss a drop was unbelievable!!! 

When I pulled into our home all the lights were out as usual. 

I quietly entered and as I was wide-awake I went out back to my oasis, and made myself a scotch on the rocks. 

I stripped off my clothes and decided that I only had two choices to make my raging hard on go away, either masturbate or take a skinny dip and hope the water and cooler night air did there trick. 

As it was now 1:30 AM, I had no fear of being seen by my neighbors, Bill, a retired widower abutted my back yard and his lights were usually out by 11. On my other 2 sides one neighbor was away and the other an elderly couple whose lights were out by 10. 

So there I went walking casually to my pool the only lighting from the pool itself. I tossed my drink down in 2 swallows letting the warmth pass from my belly to my toes, then I jumped into the pool and proceeded to take a few laps, on my final lap I did the back stroke my cock still semi erect breaking through the water. When I got to the end I pulled myself up onto the edge of the pool.

It was then that I noticed Bills kitchen light on and his back door was open. Then I heard his voice.

A hearty " hey Dave" nice night for a swim, I quickly dropped my hands to my lap to cover my semi erection and I replied hi Bill, kind of late for you to be up isn't it?

See Bill was always willing to lend a hand, if I was trimming a tree he'd be there to lend an hand cleaning up, if I needed a tool, it was always "no problem", he'd always say that's what good neighbors do.

We chatted back and forth as he crossed into my yard and sat down just a few feet from me on a chair nearby. I, somewhat embarrassed about getting caught skinny-dipping, started to tell him about my last fare and what I had witnessed.

I also told him about my pre cum leakage embarrassment which made him chuckle. 

He was astonished at my story and frankly asked if I jerked off as I watched. He told me he probably would have, and fully understood my leakage. 

I laughed and told him NO I didn't JO. He said well you certainly must need some relief so get in there and get that beautiful wife of yours to take care of your needs. 

I just laughed and told him Maria is not a woman to wake and that I'd probably have to take matters into my own hands. 

With that he said, he'd love to help. I said what, you into porn or something cause with what I witnessed my mind is like a movie reel and I don't need any other stimulation.

He said well that's a mighty nice cock your trying to hold down, why don't you let me take care of that for you.

I was dumbfounded; I didn't know what to say.

Bill got up took the 2 steps toward me, reached out his hand to take mine and pulled me to a standing position.

There I was naked facing Bill my 70 year old neighbor who slowly got to his knees, he gently placed his hand around the root of my engorged cock and took my 7 inches slowly into his mouth and worked his way slowly down my shaft in one smooth move.

Slowly he worked my cock in his mouth, his mouth felt incredible his hands firm but tender stroking me, tugging on my balls gently.

I closed my eyes, thinking of the Blonde bobbing up and down in my back seat earlier sucking for all she was worth and then my hands went to his head and I began fucking Bills mouth with long slow strokes.

His hands now went to my ass as he pulled me to him I could feel the back of his throat with each thrust, small moans escaped from him into the night air, his mouth felt fantastic, my cock is thick and it felt like it was in a fantastic pussy. 

Slowly I picked up speed as I fucked his mouth and when I felt myself getting ready to cum I told him, but he just pulled me deep into his throat his hand squeezing my balls.

I let loose, pumping stream upon stream of cum down his throat, I hadn't cum in weeks and he was getting much more than he bargained for. But he didn't try to pull off he kept drinking it down hungrily.

When my cock finally stopped spurting Bill slowly backed off sucking down every drop working me from the base to the head milking out every last drop. Then he sat back on his heels and said WOW, what a load, how long have you been saving that up.

I told him it had been weeks, with that he smiled and said well I'd love to take care of that beautiful cock of yours any time you like. From that night forward Bill would often lend a hand. I am much more relaxed, I look forward to our time together I've even started to stroke him as he sucks me. Maybe one of these nights I'll return the favor. Bill says he's fine without reciprocation but I think I'd like to try to give him a little of the pleasure he give me. But thats another story.