 After Bill left, I reloaded my glass and thought about what just happened. I hadn't had a gay experience since college and what had just happened brought back some confusing feelings. I needed what Bill had just given me, I enjoyed Bills mouth on my cock and I wanted more...

With that thought in my head I emptied my glass, closed up the house and went up to bed. When I entered the bedroom I could see Maria's outline on the bed. She had kicked off the covers and her sleep shirt had ridden up on her exposing her beautiful round ass. I looked at it, sighed and slipped into bed next to her.

As I replayed in my head over and over what had just happened tonight I rubbed my cock, and with my final thoughts of Bill taking my load, I fell into a deep sleep.

When I awoke several hours later it was to Maria, her hand on my cock stroking me. As my eyes opened she said "is this for me", my cock rock hard in her hand. I mumbled a "yeah baby", but in reality I had been dreaming about Bill sucking my cock. 

She playfully stroked my cock then took it in her mouth and as she sucked me all I kept thinking about was how much better Bills mouth felt. 

She worked it for her usual 3 minutes then slid up my chest, kissed me deeply and worked my cock into her moist pussy. Now I must admit I love fucking my wife, she enjoys all positions and she knows how to ride my cock like a cowgirl. Her beautiful tits bouncing, her head lolling back as she rides me is a glorious site.

But for some reason it just isn't enough. She must have cum 3 times as she road me and when she was spent she slid off my still hard cock and said. "Wow, you're made of steel today, I wish I could stay home and ride that cock all day but I got to get to work.

I watched as she walked from our bed to the bathroom. My mind racing...what's wrong with me?? Why couldn't I enjoy fucking her today, why couldn't I cum in her hot pussy. I mentally answered my own question as my thoughts returned to Bill, deep throating my cock, moaning as he sucked it, him making love to my cock with his mouth vs. Maria performing a function.

I shook my head to clear my thoughts. Maria came out of the bathroom dressed; looking beautiful kissed me lightly on the lips (so as not to muss up her lipstick) and said I hope your home earlier tonight so I can ride that again. And off she went with a wink and a smile.

I drifted back to sleep, woke up it was 9:30 AM. I jumped in the shower and as I washed my cock and balls my I thought once again of Bill. My cock grew quickly in my hand and I stroked myself to an orgasm. My wife riding me like a bronco couldn't get me off but the thoughts of Bill sucking my cock brought me off in 5 minutes. 

Just as I finished my shower the doorbell rang; I quickly toweled off, pulled on my sweats and went to answer the door. I was Bill with a hearty "Morning Neighbor" in his hand was a plate with a half dozen muffins. He said I saw Maria leave earlier and thought maybe you could use some company. 

I just smiled said come on in and went to put on a pot of coffee. We small talked all around what had happened last night as we ate muffins and had drank our coffee. And as I watched him eat my eyes kept going to his tongue as he licked his lips between bites. I could actually feel my cock stiffening remembering what that tong felt like as it circled the head of my cock last night.

Bill stopped talking and said "are you OK?" I mumbled yeah, got up to clear the plates and cups and Bill noticed the bulge in my sweats. A smile crossed his lips and he said "I see you've got a tent building there" "can I help you with that" I said you sure can and I put down the plates and cups.

This time I took his hand, leading him upstairs to my bedroom. I sat him on the edge of my unmade bed. And as he watched I slipped off my sweats, my cock straining to be set free. As the waist band passed my cock it sprung free and Bill let out a small moan. His hand reached out pulling me to him and as he sat he took my balls in one hand, stroking my cock with the other and told me how beautiful my cock was. He lowered his head onto it his tong licking, circling my purple knob. Slowly taking me deeper into his mouth. After a few minutes of this I could feel my cum building again, but I wasn't ready to release....I wanted more.

I backed away from Bill his hungry mouth not wanting to let me go like a baby with a bottle. It made me smile to know sucking my cock gave him so much pleasure. I pushed him back on the bed so his head was just hanging off the other side a bit and with that I walked around and he opened his mouth and I pushed my cock in, fucking his face slowly. 

He moaned a bit louder as my hands went to his belt. He put his hands on mine as if to stop me but I pushed them away and unbuckled, unzipped and slid my hand under the waist band of his underwear and felt for his cock. And I gripped onto his hard 6 inches he moaned more. Slowly I stroked his cock as I fucked his face, my excitement growing. I felt my balls tightening and just as I began to cum Bill spurted in my hand and I blew another huge load down his throat...Bill gagged as I had forced my cock deep in his throat cutting off his air in my excitement. I backed off and as my cock popped from his mouth Bill just smiled. Wow...that was great, he said, but you didn't have to touch me. I get my pleasure from taking care of you. 

Spent I dropped onto the bed and let out a "whew that was good" with that he chuckled and said I really enjoyed it too!

I then asked him if he always enjoyed cock, he said it began a long time ago when he was 18 with an older neighbor who would suck him daily. Eventually he began reciprocating to his neighbor and found extreme pleasure in the act. The older he got the more he found he didn't need or want reciprocation that sucking cock gave him all the pleasure he needed.

I asked why he got married and he said being "gay" back then held nothing but trouble, so he stayed in the closet, and though he never found as much pleasure with his wife he enjoyed hereto sex enough to make her happy and now he found he missed his wife greatly. She eventually found out about his needs and grew to enjoy helping him fulfill his desires. Often inviting men over from work that she thought might be bi. More often than not her suspicions were correct. 

He said until he got up the nerve to come over last night he had been fantasying about sucking my cock for some time...he admitted that was why he was always offering a hand whenever he saw me out working on my property. He thought I was completely straight and would rebuff him if he approached me. I told him I thought I was too and we both laughed.

As we talked his hand went to my cock as if it was the most natural thing in the world to do. My cock responded, he smiled and said "oh my the joy's of youth" and then he took me into his mouth again, this time I just laid back, spread my legs, he settled between them and then he proceeded to engulf my cock with his hungry mouth. He slowly slurped up and down my cock his hand finding my balls, I spread my legs more and his fingers probed my ass gently. 

He took my cock from his mouth, stuck his fingers in his mouth to wet them and then went back down on me. He gently probed and then slipped one finger in slowly. I let out an involuntary moan. He continued to bob up and down on my hard cock slurping, licking and sucking as he fingered my ass gently. 

Pre cum started to build and leak from the slit of my cock and Bill noticed right away. His tong lapping it up. He started fingering my man hole with two fingers now which excited me and him even more. Faster and faster he bobbed up and down sucking me deeper each and every time. As my balls tightened he let out a moan and pushed in deeper with his fingers. 

Then my cock exploded with a huge stream of cum I pulled his head down hard onto my cock, my cock deep in his throat, his fingers deep in my ass. 

I shook all over, and Bill gulped for all he was worth. He was pushing back on my hand with his head and I let up and he gasped and dove right back down so as to not miss a drop. 

Once again I dropped back onto the bed drained, and smiling happily. Bill got up, went to the bathroom and came back with a warm wet towel and proceeded to was my cock balls and ass. Then he dried me off with a clean dry towel, laid it over my lap and I fell fast asleep completely satisfied.

Later that afternoon went I left for work Bill called out, "I've got a surprise for you later" I smiled and waved back and thought to my self, Maria wants my cock when I get home and now I hope she's asleep when I get home, I wonder what Bills surprise is???