 I'm straight. At least that's what most everyone who knows me thinks. But a select few know that I am really gay. Sure, I'm still attracted to women, but I absolutely love cock. Not only am I secretly gay, but I'm also a sub. Nobody is forcing me to be gay or blackmailing me to suck and fuck guys, I submit willingly. I think subconsciously, I must feel that it is less gay if I'm being told what to do. Nonetheless, I seek out Dom men who will use me, and after some online interaction I find a perfect match and we agree to get together.

I check my messages early each morning as I've been instructed and get instantly hard as I read the message from my new Dom.

"Stop by my place on your way to work this morning. Be there by 8:00. Knock on the door when you get here. When I let you in I expect you to immediately strip and drop to your knees." 

I reply, "Yes, Sir", then close my browser window, clear my history, and head to the shower to get ready. I can feel the butterflies in my stomach as I shower and shave my balls. My cock has been hard since I read the message so I hope my wife doesn't walk in as I get ready.

When I arrive at his place and knock, he answers the door naked and lets me in. I quickly check him out as I walk through the door and am pleased to see that he is older, but still fit, and most importantly, has a nice cock hanging between his legs.

I walk in, but he doesn't shut the door and doesn't say a word to me. I strip and drop to my knees as previously instructed. He moves forward a step and I lean in and take his cock in my mouth. Mmm, I'm finally sucking cock again, and the one in my mouth is freshly showered. I start to relax as he gets hard in my mouth. I continue to suck him for a few minutes until he pulls away and shuts the door. Then he pushes his cock back in my mouth and I suck him again while rubbing his balls and squeezing his ass. I can tell I am doing a good job as his cock continues to get harder and I taste the pre-cum leaking onto my tongue. But just when I think I'm going to be rewarded with his cum, he pulls out and walks away.

I get up and follow him into a room that I can tell is his bedroom. 

"Lay on your back on the bed." he instructs me. His first words of the day are firm and establish that he is definietly in charge, but he's not acting like an asshole.

He kneels over my head and lowers his balls into my mouth. I happily suck them both. Then he moves forward, spreads his ass, and lowers his ass onto my mouth.

I lick his ass and he moans with pleasure. This isn't something I want to do, but he obviously wants it and my job as the sub is to give pleasure, so I close my eyes and work my tongue over his asshole like it is the sweetest candy in the world. I feel pre-cum dripping from my cock as I realize what a bitch I have already become for my new Dom.

He continues using me in that manner for a while, but just as I think I'm getting the hang of rimming him, he gets off my face and stands at the side of the bed.

"I want you on your back on the bed with your head hanging over the edge," my Dom instructs.

I reposition myself as instructed.

He moves forward and starts to slowly fuck my mouth. On each stroke he pushes all the way into my throat. He keeps going slow and deep until he is ready to cum, then he pushes all the way in and holds his cock deep in my throat.

I feel him twitch just before I feel a huge load of cum shooting directly into my throat. He continues to hold my head with his cock pushed into my throat until he is done cumming. Then he slowly pulls out of my throat and allows me to comfortably suck the remaining cum from his cock.

When I have sucked all the cum from his cock, he says, "Bitch, from all the pre-cum dripping from your cock I can tell that you are enjoying yourself." 

Then he leans forward and takes my cock in his mouth. I certainly don't expect this from my Dom, but moan with pleasure as he starts sucking me. I reach my head up and take his softening cock back in my mouth. I can't believe how good it feels to have him sucking my cock, and I know I won't last long, but then he stops.

He hops onto the bed, pushing me aside, and lays on his back.

"Bitch, get on your knees between my legs and masturbate for me. Cum on my cock and balls, then lick them clean when you're done."

I obey his instructions and kneel between his legs. I move in close so my balls hang onto his balls and I start stroking. I know this isn't going to take long. His hardness returns as I stroke, so I stroke our cocks together. Finally I can't hold back any longer and I start to cum. I aim it onto his cock and balls and we both watch the ropes of cum find their target. When I'm done cumming I immediately move down and suck the cum from his cock and balls. I've tasted my own cum many times before, but it tastes sooo much better when I'm licking it off of his cock and balls.

"Bitch, clean up the cum that dripped into my ass," he instructs.

I lay flat on my stomach and slide my tongue between his cheeks again and lick the cum from his ass. When I am finished I am in a state of ecstasy, so I kiss my way up his body and give you a nice deep kiss so he can taste the remnants of my cum. He accepts the kiss, but it doesn't last long. 

As he pulls away, he simply says, "I'm done with you for the day. Leave now."

As I walk to the door I realised that he got what he wanted then dismissed me. I feel completely used, but I smile because I absolutely love it. 

I pick up my clothes to get dressed, but as I stand he comes up behind me and pushes me against the front door. I feel his hard cock pressed against my ass. As I'm pinned against the door he tells me, "Be back here at the same time tomorrow so I can use that sweet ass of yours."

I agree and he steps back. I get dressed and am about to walk out the door when you speak again.

"Bitch, I want you on your knees kissing my cock goodbye every time before you leave here. Do you understand?"

I nod my head, drop to my knees, and happily give your cock a kiss goodbye. When he steps back I stand up and leave. I drive to work hard, knowing that I have just become his bitch, and hoping that he will use me often.