 The helicopter hovered over the frozen plateau. There they were. The people I had discovered yesterday. I snapped away with my camera. Snap. Snap. Snap. Snap. Snap. 

"Go down a little, Mike," I urged my friend and pilot, Mike Kelley.

"Okay, Walter," he said, and we descended another hundred feet. Snap. Snap. Snap. Snap. Snap.

Damn it. This was really exciting. If I was correct, I had discovered a whole new tribe of Northern people. They looked nothing like the Inuits, the Eskimos. The Inuit people were short and chubby and Mongol. These people were taller and more slender, and they seemed Caucasian.

We got nearer and nearer to them. There were about five of them. They each seemed to be fishing through a different hole in the ice. They were now conscious of the copter and began to look up, shielding their eyes from the glare of the sun. One of them raised his arm and waved. My heart leapt in my chest. I opened the door of the copter and leaned out and wildly waved back.

This was so exciting. The discovery of a lifetime. There would be a book in this. All my fellow anthropologists would be green with jealousy, when I published my findings. I had to find out more about these people. I had to get to know them. I needed to live with them. 

In my mind I could already see the book jacket of my new scholarly best seller, 'The Lost Tribe," by Dr. Walter Annenson. Now the whole world would know me. I would no longer just be Dr. Walter Annenson, obscure professor of Anthropology at Vandercliff University, though I was head of the department. 

"Go down a little more, Mike," I advised him. 

"Okay, Walter," he agreed, bringing the helicopter down a little. I was close to the people now. I waved and waved. They waved back. I picked up my camera again. Snap. Snap. Snap. Snap. Snap.

"Can we land, Mike?"

"I don't know, Walter. That's an ice shelf."

"It looks pretty thick."

"I can't take the chance," he said. "Suppose the ice broke and we went through."

"Look," I pointed to a place a half-mile in the distance. "I'm pretty sure that's land over there. We could land there."

"I don't know." Mike was a little leery.

"Go ahead. We can set down there." I leaned out the door again and began pointing out our destination to the fur covered fishermen. As we headed off to the landing spot, I could see that the five men were starting to walk in that direction. I was going to get my wish. I was going to meet these strange people.

We landed safely, and I deplaned and stood on the frozen white ground. In the distance I could see the men walking toward us. Mike got out of the copter and stood beside me. We waited.

"I may want to stay up here with them, Mike," I said. 

"You're crazy."

"You don't know what an important discovery this is. A whole new tribe."

"You can't stay. I might never be able to find you again," he protested.

"I have to take that chance," I argued.

We had flown out of our encampment at Ice Station Arctica, which I had set up in order to search out unfamiliar Northern flora and fauna. New species. I certainly had never anticipated that I might happen on an undiscovered tribe of human beings. 'The Lost Tribe,' by Dr. Walter Annenson. The book jacket flashed in my head again. Would I get the Nobel Prize for this?

The five men approached. It was difficult to see their faces, all bundled up as they were in their walrus and sealskins. Finally they were in front of us. 

"Hello there," I said heartily, stretching out my right hand. Obviously they didn't know what I was saying or doing.

One of them took the lead. "Zumu akutu," he said. 

Now I know some words of the Inuit language, but I had never heard 'zumu akutu,' but I assumed it was a greeting.

"Zumu akutu," I said, bowing my head. 

"Zumu akutu," they all said at once, and began nodding happily to each other.

"Say hello to them, Mike," I urged.

"Zumu akutu," Mike said, bowing his head.

"Zumu akutu. Zumu akutu," they all repeated cheerfully.

The group leader began to talk to us, and make hand gestures. "Waka juka akiki kuku kak," and he gestured for us to follow him. 

Mike and I stood there and looked at each other. "They want us to go with them," I explained.

"Not me. What do you want to do?" 

"I told you, I want to stay. I want to get to know them."

"You're sure?" he asked dubiously.

"Absolutely. There's a book in this," I said. "You can go back to the station. Come back here for me in a month or so."

"If I can. How will I find you?"

"I don't know. Where do you live?" I asked the leader.

"Wam haba?"

"Where do you live?" I asked again. He looked at me blankly. "Igloo?" I tried.

"Haaahhhh," he breathed. "Igloo." He nodded his head vigorously and pointed across the frozen water.

"He lives due north," I told Mike.

"Great," Mike said, none too happily.

"Walter," I said tapping my chest. "Walter."

"Haahhh," he said. He knew I had told him my name. He began tapping his own chest. "Rubu," he said.

"Rubu," I repeated.

He nodded his head again. "Rubu." He tapped his chest again. He turned toward the next man. He tapped him on the chest. "Ataata," he said.

"Ataata," I repeated.

The next one who got chest-tapped was Angak. Then Atkak. And finally Injak. I bowed to each one in turn. They bowed to me. I don't know if bowing was their way, or they just assumed it was my way and cooperated.

"Igloo," said Rubu, pulling lightly on my coat, urging me to follow him.

"Igloo," I answered and took my first step. I turned around and shook Mike's hand. 

"I hope you know what you're doing," he said, shaking his head.

"I hope so too. But nothing risked, nothing gained."

He shrugged and climbed back into the copter. I watched him as he started the motor and the copter began to rise. I waved. Rubu waved. Ataata waved. Angak waved. Then Atkak, and finally Injak waved. Mike flew off into the sky and after a few minutes was lost to sight. I was getting cold. I really wasn't dressed for this. I shivered.

"Igloo," I said.

"Igloo," said Rubu, nodding, and we began to trudge back across the ice. I was slipping a little, but the men kept grabbing me and steadying me. Each time I slipped they started laughing. It was a big joke to them.

We trudged for about a half hour, and finally I saw an encampment with about twenty igloos. Beautifully carved little round ice-houses. They lived in those houses. They cut blocks of ice, and built their homes with those blocks. In front of each was a rounded tunnel for crawling through. No winter wind was going to get through that tunnel. 

As we approached the encampment, someone came rushing toward us. At very close range I could tell it was a woman.

"Domoko jaja suka saku sai," she said. I heard the voice. Yes it was definitely a woman, but she was covered from head to toe in skins, just as the men were.

"Wim gappa razu kiji zo ro kap. Walter," said Rubu, slapping my chest. I figured out he was telling her about his great new discovery. Me.

"Haahhh," she chortled happily, "Krip zip ku," she pointed me toward the entrance tunnel of the igloo. She was inviting me in. I got down on the ground and crawled through the opening. I crawled down the three-foot tunnel and came out into the main room. Rubu and his wife (she had to be his wife,) followed me through. 

Once inside we all stood up. It was a cozy little ice nest. I felt as if I were inside of a white frozen dome. On the floor were animal skins of all types. Walrus, Seal, Sea Lion, Polar Bear. There was a particularly thick high pile on one side of the room, and I assumed that was the bedroom. Nice and cozy to sleep on, and then be covered by all those luxurious furs.

Rubu and Kakanaka (his wife) chattered away in tribe talk, of which I understood only a word or two here and there. They arranged skins in a small circle, and we sat as Kakanaka built a fire in a hollowed out rock. She walked to one end of the circular room and brought back a large wad of what I later learned was bear grease, and she also brought back a large chunk of red meat. I realized that that part of the room was the refrigerator. She melted the bear grease and threw in the meat, and began poking it with a tree branch. The smell of cooking soon filled the igloo. Just before we ate, a young man crawled through the tunnel into the main room. I learned that it was their son, Kakupaku. He was a handsome lad just approaching manhood. He had a handsome face, and a lovely clear complexion, and I could tell that under all his warm skins was a powerful healthy body, rippling with muscles. I looked and noticed that Rubu also had a lean athletic body, and really a very handsome face.

When the polar bear meat was ready, Rubu cut it into chunks with the end of his long spear and divided it, and I had my first North Pole dinner, which I must say was very tasty. When I was finished, I reached out and grabbed a bit of snow from a pile and cleansed my greasy lips. I burped a couple of times and leaned back relaxing comfortably, while Rubu picked up a small stringed instrument he had made, and began chanting tribal melodies. This was wonderful. I couldn't wait to see it in print. My book would be a great success. I would even publish the tribal music, heretofore unknown.

After sometime, Kakupaku, the son, went across the room and pulled some fur blankets over his lanky body. I knew it was bedtime. Rubu and Kakanaka had a heated discussion in their language, and Rubu smiled at me, uttering several incomprehensible phrases. He walked across the room and crawled under some skins next to his son.

Kakanaka, on the other hand, moved me to the high mound, and positioned me under the heavy furry covers. Then she climbed in next to me. She turned toward me and smiled. I smiled back nervously. I had forgotten the Northern custom of lending your guest your wife for the night. I was getting Kakanaka to do with as I liked until morning. 

I did not find her very attractive. And she had kind of a fishy smell which was unappealing to me. Under the blankets, I felt her fidgeting. She was lowering her lower garment. Then I felt her hands working on my own lower garments. She had a little trouble with the clasp on my belt, but finally worked it out. Then she pulled down my pants and underpants, until my ass and cock area were free of encumbrance. She knew her job. She roughly pulled me on top of her, where I lay, smelling her fishy breath. 

She started fondling and squeezing my unresponsive penis. Nothing was happening. She was getting frustrated. She gave an anxious fretful sigh. I guess this went on for about a half hour, when finally she called across the room to her husband.

"Zim kobo nuka kada ada raba suka akakak na."

"Pum zudu rugu gaga maza zak ya," he answered, coming across the room. He lifted the blankets to see the problem for himself.

He stared down at my exposed middle and my limp peter, and began to smile and nod. "Hupu kaku rak nak," he observed. "Lim kodo ravarava shum."

He and Kakanaka began to laugh, and their eyes smiled at me despite my wretched failure. Kakanaka pulled up her pants and retreated across the room where she crawled under the covers that her husband had just vacated, next to their son.

Rubu gently guided me over onto my stomach. I didn't know what he was doing, but I didn't protest. He was my host, and I had to be a gracious guest. Then he pulled the cord around his waist and lowered his own pants to knee level. He crawled in next to me and pulled the warm blankets up. That was a relief. My backside was getting a little frostbitten.

I will relate the following events as to how I finally came to understand them, after I had learned their language. 

I felt Rubu's stiff prick poking into my soft cheeks. "Oh, God," I thought. "He's going to sodomize me." And yet what could I do? Mike had flown off in the copter. He wouldn't be back for at least a month. If I did not cooperate, if these people threw me out in the cold, I was a dead man. I would freeze to death in an hour or two. Maybe it was my ass or my life. I decided it would be my ass. I did want to live to see my book published.

He began poking his iron-hard prod between my two soft mounds. He hit the entrance and pushed. I screamed. He laughed and began to pat me on the head and whisper soothing things into my ear. I obviously didn't know what he was saying. With that he got up with his pants around his knees and hobbled over to the far end of the circular room—the refrigerator part. He took a big handful of bear grease and hobbled back across the room, crawling back under the covers with me. He was smearing the bear grease all over his stiff poker, and now he was working his greasy fingers into my hole. I was covered internally with bear grease, and after a few moments, his fingers moved easily in and out of my body. 

He again climbed on top of me, and I felt the insistent head of his warm dick slipping between my asscheeks and pressing against my hole. But now my hole was spreading. It was ever so easily opening out and clutching the large rod that was slipping into it.

"Zaka duky ma?" he asked.

I grunted and spread my rectal channel around his cock, trying to get more comfortable with it. I felt a warmth in my rear passage as he began to slide his cock in and out. The warmth was not unappealing in the midst of all this cold. I think he felt the warmth of my ass on his dick, because he was starting to get very affectionate with me. The way he held me and nuzzled me. I could tell he was enjoying himself. He rubbed his nose all over my neck, all over my hair, all over my ear. I began to buck my bottom against him, and he began to whisper affectionate foreign phrases in my ear. I felt all warm and comfortable under the blankets and under Rubu. I was hoping this would go on all night. But that was not to be. After another five minutes or so, his loins started to speed up. I could hear the frequent slapping of his abdomen against my fleshy asscheeks, and I could feel his balls swing against my own. Clack. Clack. ---- Clack. Clack.

Rubu began to groan. "Aaaarrraaahhhuuu." 

That I understood. He was pouring his copious hot load into my asschannel. It was mixing with the bear grease and forming a heavy sticky liquid, which I knew I would soon have to expel.

After resting on me for a few moments, he caught his breath, and I caught mine. He lay down next to me and cuddled me in his arms. We both fell asleep. I later learned that when I couldn't fuck Kakanaka but had gladly accepted his own prick, he had realized that I was a tupunuku. A blessed spirit possessed of both genders, and I was to be coddled and cherished. I was a holy spirit. A two-sexed being. It seemed the Zakas (their tribe) worshipped two-gender spirits. I was now a god. A tupunuku god.

The next morning Rubu fitted me out with brand new warm clothing. Bear and seal skins. I felt very elegant in my new furs. Then he brought all the other male members of the tribe into his igloo, and began explaining things to them all the while pointing at me. Not understanding what he was saying, I just smiled and nodded to everybody as they smiled and nodded to me. 

After the meeting, Rubu brought me over to the mound of bed furs. He opened my waist cord and lowered my new fur pants to knee level. He turned me around so that my rear end would be visible to everyone in the room, and began to pat it in circular movements. His hand was exciting me. I think I began moving my ass around a little in appreciation. The other men began to chatter among themselves. Rubu laid me face down on the furry bed, and I looked over my shoulder.

Ataata was lowering his skins. His large cock was now erect. Very dark and very erect. He began stroking it. He gently climbed on top of me and began to work his dick around the edge of my asshole. "Klimtim," Rubu said to him, bringing over a large wooden bowl of bear grease. Ataata raised his hips and allowed Rubu to smear the lubricant all over his cock. Then Rubu's greasy fingers began oiling up my asshole again. When he was satisfied that I was ready, he grasped Ataata's cock and moved it to the edge of my hole. Ataata did some little trick with his hips, and his big dick slid in on the coating of bear grease. I didn't have any difficulty with it. I was getting to be broken-in. It was nice to know that from here on in, I was going to enjoy this.

Ataata hunched his strong asscheeks, pressing his long dick as far into me as it could go. "Hhhhaaaaccchhh," he yelled. That I understood. I also yelled "Hhhhaaaacccchhhh." He slammed his dick down and I slammed my ass up. That flesh-hitting-flesh sound filled the igloo. It was great. I moaned in joy as I felt his dick hitting unexplored corners of my internal physiognomy. I was starting to learn how to control the muscles in the walls of my ass. I could make them grasp and slurp on his cock. It was in my power to increase his pleasure to unendurable heights. 

I felt his smooth nose rubbing all over my neck and my hair and my ear as he fucked me and fucked me. "Ataata,' I screamed in joy. "Fuck me. Fuck me." He didn't know what I was saying but he fucked me anyway. 

I felt his dick gaining in girth and then his liquid shot out, spurt after spurt after spurt. My ass just drank it up, and closed on his shrinking dick, providing a warm nest. He pulled it out. I didn't want him to pull it out, but he pulled it out, but it didn't make any difference, because when he got up, Angak immediately took his place on top of me. Rubu reached in and anointed Angak's stiff member with bear grease. He didn't have to stick his fingers into me now. I was greased enough. And also Ataata had just juiced into me. There would be no problem.

Angak stroked my asscheeks so gently as he so gently rocked in and out of me. This was a whole new experience. No plowing and flesh-slapping. Just a calm gentle rocking of our hips. He made obscene joyous sounds as he rubbed his nose against my ear, then my neck, then my shoulder, then my hair. Then he turned my head around a little and we were rubbing noses. 

That was it. They didn't kiss. They rubbed noses. I had forgotten that. That's what all that nose-rubbing had been. Kissing. Now that I realized that, I realized how sexy it was. I enthusiastically rubbed my nose against his, and my own cock was getting stiff as we nosed each other. And all the time his dick was gently rocking in and out of my ass. I was just loving this. 

His nose started to rub against mine a little more frantically, and I felt his cock swelling inside me. Oh no. I didn't want this to end. Ever. But his Zaka cream was flooding out into my intestinal riverbed. "Oh. Oh. Oh," I yelled with each spurt. I wanted to absorb his juices into my system. I never wanted them to drip out. But they were already dripping out. There was too much cum in me now for my body to handle, and it was jetting out around his dick, even as he was jetting it into me.

He took out his shrinking penis, and I had empty nest syndrome again, but not for long. I peeked over my shoulder. And yes. Atkak was already semi-stripped for action. "Zupu taku rada akanar bula zup," he said.

A group of them turned me over, and removed all my lower clothing. My new fur boots. My pants. In addition to my ass, my legs were completely uncovered now, and I was getting cold. But after Rubu spread bear grease all over Atkak's cock, Atkak lay on top of my chest and was going to feed his cock into me frontways. I was now nose up. Atkak was nose down and we nosed each other in foreplay.

When he was deeply in me, the other men took the fur blankets and spread them over us. He started to fuck, and I wrapped my naked legs around his strong hairy body. I reached down and grasped his strong buttocks and held on for dear life as he drove into me at breakneck speed. My female spirit just took over at that point. I was nothing but a hot cunt wrapped around his demanding pole, eager to please her man. "Oh. Oh. Oh," I screamed and raised my ass around his plunger. "Fuck me. Fuck me," I screamed. He grunted some untranslatable remarks and pounded into me. Our noses were rubbing together like mad. I was in a frenzy. He was in a frenzy. And as he started to expel his seed into my body, his nose pressed down on mine, and I couldn't take any more. My own cum shot out all over my belly. I could barely catch my breath. This was so incredible. I was so satisfied. I could have died and gone to heaven right then, but I was not finished. Behind him was Injak, and then around fifteen other tribal males whom I hadn't even met yet.
