 I remember talking to a mate at work about how much I missed my old playing days in football and longed for that team camaraderie, getting together after for drinks. I really missed it. He told me that he recently joined a new club and that if I wanted to come check it out, I was welcome to come. I asked what it was called and he said it was the Greek Society. 

"The Greek Society? What the hell is that, buggery, debauchery, "I said laughing?

"Funny, but there is some interesting and fun things to do there, that's for sure"

"So, what's it all about?"

"It's hard to describe and I'll need to ask you some questions before I decide to bring you along, but not to worry, I think you'll love it. We honor the Greek traditions of honor, athletic glory, intellectual debate, fine dining and respect, admiration and production of wine, and we also have some traditions of our own. It is a fabulous place to network and I have already increased my business by 15 % since joining six months ago."

"Sounds cool, when do you go?"

"Oh you can go by whenever you want, Thursday night is Olympia night and that is when most members tend to go. There is a subject chosen each week for debate based on a suggestion box, and each night there are several athletic competitions. Because the Greeks competed in so many events, we chose wrestling as most of the men enjoy the one to one combat and tremendous exercise benefits of it."

"One question, the Greeks competed in the nude and considered sex with young men, glorification of the male body. There isn't any of that crap going on is there?"

"No, we are not pedophiles; this is a classy club with good guys and successful businessmen from all walks of life. There are no female members however and some of the members do engage in the Greek custom of honoring and cherishing the male physique.

"Have you done that with any of the members?"

"Every week my friend let me explain all of it and you'll see why, I have become a lover of the male physique and man to man combat and sex. First of all you have to be accepted and the cost is high, but the perks are tremendous. 

"There is a standard uniform that we all wear while we are in the club and you have to submit to grooming before you can enter."

"What is the costume and what kind of grooming are we talking about?"

"Ancient Greeks, considered body hair to be grotesque, especially around the genitalia and the legs, it was tolerated on the upper body, but not below. The outfit has two parts, if you are considering debate, then you don a toga, that is a sign of respect for the serious nature of the discussions, before entering the debate chamber. We all wear the same thing under the togas and if you are not debating that is all you wear in the club. It is essentially a slave tunic; we honor the humility of the slaves and the glory of the gladiator by wearing the slave tunic. It is a loin cloth with a short outer drape or skirt and a leather belt with a shoulder strap attached. We also wear lace-up sandals to mid-calf. There is no underwear worn underneath the tunic. The uniforms are beautiful, white with gold leaf trim and beautiful Italian leather belts and shoes."

"It sounds a little sparse and who does the grooming, that is the big question?"

"The grooming is done by a man hired by the club, he is an Italian guy, short, powerful build, and he used to wrestle and sometimes competes in the Olympia. He was a barber and does an incredible job. You have to allow him to groom or they will not let you in, as his standard is the club's standard. It is actually very nice; you are bathed, massaged and then covered in expensive oils and lotions for the waxing and shaving."

"Waxing, oh man, I think I just changed my mind"

"Relax, it only hurts for a second and the creams and lotions he has, ease the pain really quickly. It feels amazing, honestly?"

"Okay, I can live with that, but the outfit is a tad unusual isn't it."

"As I said it is a tribute to the gladiator spirit and when you wrestle, believe me, you don't want anything more than that, it gets hot very fast and more clothes would just impede your movements."

"Okay, so tell me about the wrestling, how does that work?"

"There is a challenge board, you can challenge anyone in the club and work you way up to the top, there are weight classes too, and you always fight within ten pounds of your weight, up or down. If you are challenged you have to accept the challenge, you cannot deny the challenge. You can only challenge one level up, you cannot go right to the top, unless they challenge down to you. Make sense?"

"Yeah, but what happens when you win?"

"Let me explain how the fight goes. The ring is large, circular shaped, each contestant stands facing each other, there are giant bowels of fire, on each corner, there is a large balcony facing the ring and on the other sides are the spectators standing around on a raised platform behind a railing. The two fighters face each other, toeing a line about 3o feet away from each other in the middle of the ring. There are drummers all along the edges of the ring, pounding on giant drums and also, guardians, incredibly strong and highly skilled men, hired by the club to referee the fight and keep the combatants from fleeing the ring. Once you agree to the challenge and enter the ring, you cannot leave or submit. You wrestle until your opposition taps out, passes out or is pinned 2 out of three times. If you tap out and the 4 Greek Society Elders, who sit in the balcony and oversee the fight, rule that it is too soon, you must continue to fight or be expelled from the club. Cheating during a match or excessive violence will also result in your expulsion and the guardians are not gentle about it either. Our code of honor means everything to us. Punching and kicking and any other form of cheating is not allowed. You must wrestle in the traditional style and be Greek, fight fair and hard."

"Wow, this sounds incredible, tell me more!"

"The fight itself follows an ancient gladiator ritual; both combatants enter the ring to the pounding of the ceremonial drums, escorted on either side by the guardians. The guardians are distinguished from us by their clothing; they wear nothing but a tight girdle and a neckpiece."

"A girdle? You're kidding me?"

"A girdle is a Greek thong, thicker in the back, but a thong. Both fighters face and bow to the elders. They then stand for inspection and upon receiving the nods from the Elders proceed to the lines drawn at opposite ends of the ring. They stand and face each other and then the crowd which must remain silent until this point, begins to chant and cheer for each opponent. Both opponents wait for the gong from the elders and then they charge at each other full steam and launch themselves in the air at each other, thus beginning the fight. After the collision they wrestle, full bore until there is a victor. Sometimes the initial collision is the whole fight. There is a Scotsman who is particularly deadly at the opening lunge; he is very strong and tough. No-one enjoys fighting him and he has remained at the top of our weight class since he joined. He knocks out or has a tap out in every fight. No-one has pinned him or taken a pin from him."

"Sounds like a challenge?"

"You would be advised to work your way up to that. The closing ritual will offer you more of a reason for that."

"What happens?"

"After a victor has been decided, the submission ball is rolled out into the middle of the ring. The ball is a large metal ball, with chains on the sides, top and bottom. The loser is chained to the ball by the victor who drags his conquest to the ball. The full submission after a loss is considered honorable, and most of the men are gentle. The loser is splayed on top of the ball and cuffed to the chains by their hands and finally their feet, spread wide apart on the ball, which is quite large. Then the guardians come forth and prepare the loser for final conquest."

"What is that?"

The victor claims his spoils. The guardians prepare the vanquished with lubrication and a special herbal rub, that opens them up and the victor climbs on top and has sex with the vanquished in front of the whole ring. It is considered a great honor to enjoy the conquest and be a good sport about the loss and you will enjoy it. There is something in the herbal rub that makes you feel incredible and opens you right up, making the penetration much easier?"

"Man, this is crazy, I don't know about this public humiliation and anal sex, this is fucked up man."

"It's not fucked up; it is a tradition that you have to experience to understand. There is something about the rub that makes the sex feel incredible and having sex after vigorous exercise is a great feeling. The cheering and people watching make it even more erotic. Trust me, win or lose you can't go wrong."

I am allowed to bring a guest; however you must be blindfolded until we are in the club. Why don't you come and watch and see what you think?

"I have to admit I am curious, so count me in."

"This Thursday, I'll bring you alone, pick you up at 7, don't be late."

Thursday came quickly and Jack showed up on time at 7. I was feeling oddly horny and turned at the prospect of going to this club, I had always had suppressed curiosities about man to man sex. I remembered staring at bulges and cocks and balls and wondering if it was weird, but I liked looking. As I got older it got more intense and I had fantasized about sex with a man and it made me horny. This society could be perfect for me. We arrived at the club and checked in.

"You need to go to the grooming area first. Even guests have to submit to this, it is a club rule."

"That's fine, I might even enjoy it."

"Oh you will, believe me. Come on let's go."

There was a line-up of about 10 guys, in front of us, all different sizes and descriptions, however, everyone seemed in good shape.

"Everyone seems to work out here?"

"They have a great gym and personal trainers available whenever we need, and instruction in wrestling, throwing and grappling. The instructors are very good and in very good shape. Also very good looking and they all wear the same outfit as us, very hot."

The line moved quickly and it was our turn. We stepped into a large locker room area, found an open set of lockers and placed our clothes inside, putting on large white cotton robes and slippers and made our way to the showers. We showered and toweled off and went to wait in the waiting area outside the grooming room.

Finally it was our turn and we were shown into a large room with several beds, barbers chairs, sinks and mirrors everywhere. We were instructed to lie down on the beds by Vito, the groomer and his assistants began to prepare us for the groom. It was very fast and efficient and quite sensual. First I was washed all over my cock and balls and ass, in the cracks everywhere by hot, scented towels that seemed to relax me somehow. Then the hard part, as Vito came over and spread hot wax, all over my buttocks, in my crevices and up my perineum to the edge of my balls and inner thighs, and then wham, yanked it off. It stung like crazy, until, one of his young and rather hot assistants spread a cooling herbal gel all over. He took his time and his slender fingers were magical. They repeated the process on my legs, front and back and all over my groin, framing my cock and balls in a nice V. Then Vito himself came over and grabbed my cock and balls quite firmly and nodded, 

"Very nice work, now I finish for you" and he smiled suggestively at me.

"You new here huh, you going to like, I can feel it." He squeezed my balls firmly as he said this smiling and I felt my cock growing hard and thick and he smiled even more. He was short, about five five, but stocky and strong like a bull, his forearms, were rippling with muscle and very thick, like a baseball players.

"First I must prepare you for shave huh?" And he smiled, his thick moustache curling up and his coal black eyes twinkling.

"He reached into a metal bowl and grabbed a hot towel and wrapped my cock and balls in the towel. I gasped at the hot towel on my balls and squirmed until it felt comfortable. Vito laughed at me and waited looking in my eyes with animal intensity. Finally he slowly unwrapped the towel. 

"Aaah I think you are almost ready. Final preparations now and he smiled that devilish smile again. He leaned over and slowly licked up the underside of my now raging hard cock and tracing the outer edge of my cock head, licked all around and then stuck his tongue into my slit. It felt incredible and I leaned back and decided to enjoy this, as I hadn't had a good blow job in a long time. He licked slowly around each ball grasping my hips with his powerful arms, drawing me deep into his mouth. I was going to cum soon and then I felt his tongue on my ass and I arched high in the air in full ecstasy at the delicious feel of his tongue in my clean waxed hole. It was incredible and when he slowly lowered his mouth onto my cock and then drew back slowly sucking on my shaft, I blasted a load deep into his mouth. He swallowed it all pulling me tighter into his mouth, growling as he swallowed my load. He lifted his head and patting my stomach smiled at me. 

"Now I can shave these beautiful gems uh", and he bent down again and took both of my balls into my mouth sucking and rolling them around his tongue. I felt myself growing hard again and he lifted up slurping and smiling. 

"Time to shave."

He covered my aching balls and erect haft in thick, luxurious shaving crème and quickly and beautifully shaved me clean on my balls and shaft. I felt sleek, sexy and powerful.

He turned and yelled next and winked at me with that devil's smile again and I smiled back. This man had the best job in the world, he loved cock and he got to touch and suck the best of them, once a week at least.

We made our way into the dressing area and I was measured and fitted with a tunic, shoulder strap, sandals and belt. Everything fit great and I had to admit I loved the feel of the soft, brushed cotton tunic on my smooth balls and ass. It was amazing. I felt strong in this outfit, like a warrior. 

We made our way into the great hall, walking down the hall of champions, when suddenly this guy brushed by me almost knocking me over, and not saying a word. 

"I shouted at him, hey watch out!"

"He turned, silvery, brown hair, short about five ten, thick shoulders, hairy silvery brown chest hair and powerful legs, thick, knotted muscle around his knee caps and powerful calves. He had ice blue eyes with a strong, challenging look to them. I caught myself looking at his groin and noticed his thick, bulging balls and a semi-erect cock that looked delicious straining against his tight tunic that he wore really short an hiked up. He had great looking nuts and a nice thick cock, long too. I looked up quickly too see him smiling at me.

"You better watch yourself; mate" and he winked at me.

I turned to my friend and said, "Let me guess, that was the Scotsman.

He nodded back and I turned to see a great ass walking away, firm round cheeks, like a black man's an had the strangest thought, if losing meant having him on top of me, maybe fighting him wouldn't be so bad.