 The hallway into the arena was long and dark. I walked slowly, the crescendo of the crowd building. What had I gotten myself into? I was really nervous and scared. The Scotsman was very strong, and reputed to be a dirty fighter. That hold he had used on me, had basically paralyzed me, while he squeezed the hell out of my balls with that vice-like grip. Part of me, a big part of me, was hoping for a quick takedown and then the sweet reward. To feel that powerful body, mount me and fuck me mercilessly in front of hundreds of cheering fellow warriors. That made me very excited and weak in the knees with lust. The balm was incredible; apparently it made entry very smooth and relaxed the tight muscles in your ass, for pure pleasure. The noise of the crowd was at a fever pitch. As I approached the light at the end of the tunnel, I went over my friend's instructions again in my mind, trying to visualize my strategy for this battle. The truth was I wanted to lose, to be chained to the metal ball and powerfucked in front of everyone, but I wanted to put up a good fight as well. It was an interesting dilemma. My friend had practically exploded when he heard I had challenged the Scotsman.

"You are an idiot! You have no idea what you have gotten yourself into. Did he seduce you first? 

I looked up surprised and merely nodded, slowly recognizing that I might have been duped.

"That's what he does, you moron, he gets guys so horny and worked up, that they can't wait to get in the ring, and then he absolutely beats the shit out of them. I've never seen a more devastating fighter here and he is merciless, always pushing the edge and not quite going over. I don't know what to say, I shouldn't have left you alone. It's my fault."

"How bad can it be? I can take care of myself." I had a black belt in MMA and was pretty strong from regular workouts

"Just listen to me. This guy grew up on the streets of Glasgow in one of the toughest ghettos in the world, he redefines nasty and his fighting skills are insane. Listen, I don't want to freak you out, but your best bet is to go out early and try and avoid his opening move. It's pretty severe."

"You are freaking me out a bit and to be honest, he's so hot I don't mind losing."

"This is the thing; he knows that and uses it to get you in the ring. Once there he will unload on you, trust me. He beat this guy about a month ago, so bad, he hasn't been back and they had to take him out on a stretcher."

"What can I do, I have to fight him?"

"His opening move is really deadly. You will face each other, and then charge full speed for the beginning of the fight. He launches himself at an angle through the air and will hit guys with a combination knee lift to the groin and elbow smash to the neck. He is lighting fast and even though most of his opponents now its coming, nobody has been able to block it. The fight is pretty much taken out of them with one move and from then on, it's pure devastation. Every single one of his opponents has been carried out of the ring and when he takes his prize, he takes it hard and without mercy. This poor Japanese guy thought he was really tough; showing off his kicks and stretches before the fight. Well he charged at the Scotsman with a wild scream and this maniac knee lifts and elbow smashes the guy so fast he lifted him three feet into the air and he fell unconscious to the ground. This guy was a martial arts expert, and he couldn't block it. Then he drags the guy by the hair to the ball and slams him into the iron, rips off his loin cloth and then leaves him there, naked and humiliated and starts slapping his ass in front of everyone. Then he powerfucked this guy for about ten minutes, it was brutal, the crowd loved it, but the poor guy could barely walk, his ass was so sore."

"Sounds kinda good to me actually."

"I didn't know you liked it so rough."

"Me either, but when he grabbed my balls in this vice-like grip, I was so turned on, I could barely breath. I've never felt so much lust and desire in my entire life. I loved it!"

"Well, good luck to you. I've seen one guy survive the opening move, and he slithered underneath him, you might try that. It gave him five more minutes before he got him with a submission hold that had the guy screaming and begging for mercy."

"Thanks, I feel so much better."

I tried to block out the apprehension and fear from my mind and focused on the lessons of my training. Anticipation, speed, relaxation, power, defense, I soon felt relaxed and confident which was good before a fight.

The gong sounded and the time had come. I waited by the entranceway, a guard by my side, nervous as hell, I could barely breath. The second gong sounded for us to enter the ring. I walked into a scene from ancient Rome. Hundreds of men, ringing an arena, cheering and shouting, dust rising off of the arena floor, the din was enormous and terrifying. My opponent loomed larger than life, across the ring, pacing side to side back and forth behind the white lines that marked our starting position. He had a different look on his face than I had seen. He was all business, his eyes cold, almost lifeless. The din of the crowd seemed to fade into the recesses of my mind, as I walked slowly forth, transfixed by his raw, animal power. I shook my head and gathered my thoughts. All I could think of was this deadly opening move and my planned counter. I had to time it perfectly or it would be disastrous. I felt fairly confident in my abilities and began utilizing my chi breathing to calm and energize my self. I felt the warm glow of the chi gong permeating my body, I was ready.

The elder stood and silenced the crowd, with the raising of one hand. He was magnificent, tall, grey-haired, with a rock hard physique. He had never been defeated and was one of the most respected men of the Greek Society. His name was Antony and we all admired his presence and regal bearing. 

"Let this match be conducted with honor, strength and passion. To the victor go the spoils and to the defeated our homage. Let the game begin!"

The crowd went wild, cheering and clapping. The elder raised his hand and we waited for his signal, coiled like springs, like two deadly cobras. The tension was palpable in the air and I felt the anxiety break through my chi. I quickly re-focused and then, swiftly the elders arm swooshed down signaling the battle to begin. I raced full speed towards my opponent, covering the 30 yards quickly, light on my toes anticipating this deadly move. He was loping towards me like a gazelle, deceptively quick I was to learn. Suddenly we were near to each other, I watched his eyes and chest for an indication of what he would do and saw nothing. Just as he leaped into the air cross bodied, I, attempting to slide below his deadly strike, felt the pain in my chest first as his forearm smashed into the top of my chest and clavicle, his knee into my kidneys and I flew back hard into the tarmac. I hadn't even seen the move, I was sure I timed it right. Later on I found out that by sliding; the brunt of his force was deflected. It didn't feel deflected to me, as I lay stunned on the ground, struggling for breath, doubled over from his knee. I forced myself onto my front to gather myself for the next attack. He had already circled me, and I felt his arm drive up between my legs, smashing against my tightly clad manhood as his other arm drove down into my neck, driving me face first into the ground. In a flash he had me in a head lock, reverse with his other arm hooked around my leg high into my thigh, bending me into an arch, my neck and back straining under his powerful hold. I felt myself going under. I was furious and frustrated. How could he be defeating me so easily? I fought back hard against his hold but I couldn't budge. 

"Are you getting sleepy sunshine", he asked in a mocking voice?

"I couldn't risk talking; I needed all my strength for my last hope out of this paralyzing hold. I drove my leg up fast and hard, breaking his hand hold and quickly kicked my foot on the ground and flipped myself back over his back, breaking his head hold. I rolled to my feet and shuffled away, shaking my head to get the blood and feeling back. He was up like lightning, smiling at me. We faced off like ancient gladiators, circling each other, the crowd roaring its approval. I decided to stay defensive as he was too dangerous to attack. This was a big mistake. He circled forward like a jungle cat and without any chance of blocking it he pounced, rolling in front of me and kicking high into my midsection. I fell back and he swooped forward like a monkey catching my heel and flipping me onto my back. He jumped in the air and landed on my chest with one knee. I was stunned and hurt. I was completely winded and he knew it. He stood over me, glowering and I was powerless to move. He picked me up and slammed me hard on my back, falling on me with his elbow wedged under my chin, and again my leg lifted high straining my every muscle. He really leaned on me hard and I felt myself slipping under again. He pulled even tighter on my leg, his fingers digging into and under the soft material of my tunic, his palm pressing hard on my balls. I felt my last bit of consciousness, desperately trying to release his hold and then I was out. I awoke to an enormous roar from the crowd and felt myself being lashed to the iron ball, now in the middle of the ring. My hands were lashed to two metal rings and my feet, tied to two rings at the bottom of the ball. I was still clothed, bruised and very disorientated. 

"My friends, I wish to thank this brave warrior for his noble effort," said the Scotsman to loud cheers from the crowd. 

"No-one has ever broken that hold before and we salute your courage and skill. I will take you with great honor and respect before our fellow warriors. Bring forth the balm."

Two extremely large guards came into the ring one holding a large bowl. They each stood behind me.

I felt the Scotsman lean against my secured and bound body, his warm breath in my ear, "I'm going to fuck the living daylights out of you, because that's what you want isn't it sunshine?"

I nodded slowly, my cock hardening at the thought of being bull fucked by this sensual warrior. 

I felt his hands undo my belt, and then with a quick pull he ripped the tunic from my body. There was a hush through the crowd at the aggressiveness of his disrobing and I saw the elder rise to his feet. H e sat slowly down after fixing his serene glare on to my opponent. 

The guards stepped forward and began the preparation. One guard parted my buttocks, while the other dipped his finger into the bowl and slowly rimmed my hole with the warm, herbal balm. It felt incredible and I arched back into his thick finger. Slowly he inserted it into my hole, turning and corkscrewing his finger all the way up to the knuckle, back and forth slowly It was an incredibly erotic scene, a gay Caligula that had my cock, practically exploding out of its skin. I was humping the hard metal of the ball, without even realizing it, panting like a young dog, the guard now with two fingers driving deep into my tingling ass. I heard the Scotsman's voice behind me, 

"Alright mate, I'll take it from here before he loses his load for nothing."

I felt him press up against me, his hard thick, cock pressing through his tunic, grinding against my naked ass,

"Are you ready to be taken, sunshine? I've never liked any of my opponents, a bunch of Nancy's, but you, you're a man, full of fight. It made me very horny fighting you and fucking you is making me go out of my mind."

I was so turned on. I really liked him too, I didn't like guys who were too soft, real men, with sensitivity, that's what I liked. I was breathless waiting on him. I felt his fingers probing around my hole, twirling and caressing my aching hole, then one, then two fingers were inside me, pushing deep into me. Then a third finger spreading me wider than I'd ever been.

"Is that good sunshine, do you like it? Are you ready for the real thing?"

I nodded eagerly spreading my legs and thrusting back into his powerful knuckles.

I heard him disrobing and the crowd cheering wildly. I looked up into the crowd to witness an orgy the likes of which I had never seen. Men all through the arena, kissing, sucking and fondling each other in a mad testosterone fuelled frenzy. I saw my friend, bent over the railing, his face contorted as he was taken from behind by a tall, black man, who was fucking him in the open, practically lifting him off the ground. Men were on their knees, heads bobbing up and down, under flimsy sheer togas, sucking cock and drinking in the juices of male manhood.

His strong fingers dug into the nape of my neck and he kissed me on the cheek, 

"Here I come, and then he laughed out loud. I smiled as I felt the round button like head of his cock nudging against my hole. The balm was amazing as I felt like I could take anything up there right now. He pushed slowly, strongly into my hole and I arched back in pain and ecstasy as the thick girth of his shaft filled me completely. I shouted out, as he pulled roughly on my hair, biting my neck and lifting himself up and into me, grabbing onto my shoulder with his free hand, driving his pink, thick manhood deep into my hole. He began thrusting faster and harder pulling himself with both hands around my neck and shoulders, fucking me like a wild beast, flailing against my arm and leg constraints, my naked cock rubbing against the metallic gleam of the ritual ball. I felt him breathing faster; he leaned into my face hard and whispered in my ear, 

"I think we're going to be friends for a long time sunshine," blasting a huge load deep into my ass, warm geysers of thick sperm coating my hole, and spilling down my inner thigh and leg. He remained clenched tight to me, pumping the last remnants of his manhood, grunting and gasping. He slowly slid off of me and then in a move that surprised everyone, covered me in the ceremonial robe, and undid my restraints. He hoisted me onto his shoulders and walked out of the arena, naked with me over his shoulder like a coveted prize. I lay against him, content and warm in his powerful arms.