 Hi! 

It’s Tommy again. You remember? Tommy Driscoll? I was telling you the story of how I met my partner Pete. Well, a lot of you guys out there didn’t like that my story was so short and that it ended before I gave you any of the ‘details’ of what Pete and I did that night. 

To be honest with you, I was gonna write about that but...well...I just didn’t feel right about it until I talked to Pete. You see, Pete didn’t know that I was writing the story. He was a little freaked out when I posted it because I didn’t disguise who we are or where we are but he finally calmed down about it. After all, there’s very little chance that anybody in Carroll reading it and, if they did, they had to be gay or bi to be reading on Nifty anyway. Plus, I’d done one other thing. 

To keep it more anonymous, I didn’t post the story myself. I asked one of the Nifty writers - RimPig - to post if for me. I’d been writing him off and on for about a year. I’d found a couple of his stories and liked them and had written him telling me about Pete and me. He was the one who urged me to write our story. He even helped me with the editing before it was posted. I really want to thank him, too. He’s a real easy guy to talk to and loves hearing from people and sometimes helping them. He used to be a social worker so I guess it’s like in his blood.

RimPig got the e-mails you guys sent in and forward them on to me. I was really shocked and very happy that so many of you wrote in. I shared all of them with Pete and he was really pleased, too - and very proud of me. You remember, Pete’s a writer besides being a model. That’s why I wanted to do this. I wanted to see what writing was like for him. I wanted to better understand what it was he goes through to write and what it feels like. I thought it was a way for me to better understand him. Funny thing is, in writing this, it’s like I’m finding a better understanding of me! 

Anyway, I asked Pete if it was okay for me to share with you all the more...uhh...intimate side of our relationship - especially the beginning. At first he wasn’t for it at all. He said it would be like putting a web-cam in our bedroom and being exhibitionists for the voyeurs out there. I kind of understood this but I argued that he didn’t have to ‘perform’ or anything - he didn’t even have to ever read it. That calmed him down some. He finally said that if I really wanted to write it, it was okay with him only he didn’t want to ever see it. (Wanna bet he sneaks onto the Nifty website when this is posted and reads it? HEY THERE, PETE! I LOVE YA, BABE! GOTCHA!)

Anyway, enough explanation. What follows is, to the best of my recollection, what happened next. I hope you all read it and enjoy it.

Tommy

There I was, sitting naked on the black leather cover on Pete’s bed, staring at what had to be the biggest, thickest cock I’d ever seen in my life! Not, mind you, that I’d seen all that many. In fact, the last time I’d seen another guy’s cock hard had been in the locker room in White Mountains Regional High. Though I was somewhat intimidated by it (Fuck that! That thing scared the hell out of me! The idea of that goin’ up my hole was just way too scary a thought!), I just sat the staring at it, it was so beautiful to me. I don’t know if that’s because it’s really that beautiful or because it’s a part of Pete who I was so in love with that every part of him was beautiful to me!

Now, Pete is really beautiful. Remember, he made his money as a male model and appeared on the cover or in the fashion spreads of some pretty major magazines around the world. And I’ll be the first one to admit, the moment I first saw him I realized that he was the most beautiful male I’d ever seen in my life. I guess my lust for him started right there, though I didn’t realize it at the time. Later, because of who he is and what he is as a man, I fell totally in love with him - and that’s got not one fucking thing to do with how he looks.

“Hey! You look like you’ve never seen a hardon before!” Pete said, pulling my eyes and attention away from his cock and up to his face.

I blushed at him catching me so openly staring at his hardon. It would be a while before I got used to the fact that it was okay for me to do this and that Pete didn’t mind at all.

“Not that big, I haven’t!” I told him. “What fuckin’ horse did you have the transplant from?”

He chuckled at this.

“It’s not that big.” he said. “I’ve seen bigger.”

“Bet they weren’t as pretty as yours.” I said quietly, not knowing where I got the courage to actually say this.

He looked at me for a moment. I think I shocked him but then he smiled at me and walked closer until he was standing in between my legs and his cock was right in front of my face.

“You think it’s pretty?” he asked, quietly, looking down at me. I looked up into his crystalline blue eyes.

“No. I think it’s beautiful. As beautiful as you are.” I said, meaning every word. 

And with this, I leaned forward slightly and began running my nose up and down it as well as into his dark pubic hair. The scent of him was strong - sweat, musk and that scent that comes from a male being in rut. I breathed it in deeply and my cock grew harder than it already was! Fuck! I loved the smell of this man!

“Mmm! And it smells really good, too!” I moaned.

His hand reached out and he gently placed it on my head, running his fingers through my hair.

“That’s good. You just smell it all you want, babe. It belongs to you now.” he said softly.

The thought went through my brain - ‘Mine?! This is mine?! All mine!? Forever and ever?!’ - and I couldn’t help myself. I grabbed his hips and pulled him even closer so that my face was pressed up against his groin and I was nuzzling his body. I love it! I loved his smell! I loved the soft feel of his skin. I love the slight scratchiness of his pubic hair against my face. I loved the warmth of him. But above all, I loved HIM! This incredibly beautiful, warm, loving male! This guy who had befriended me when I didn’t have anyone to turn to. This man who offered himself so simply and so openly. This male that opened me to the truth of who I really am. I loved HIM!

Suddenly, I felt wetness on my cheek. At first I thought I must be crying and not know it, but it wasn’t me. I pulled back slightly and saw that it was his cock that was weeping pre-cum. So much of it, that it was flowing down the shaft of his cock and onto my cheek. I took my finger and wiped it off my cheek and then, without even thinking, stuck my finger in my mouth and tasted another guy’s cock-honey for the first time in my life. I’d tasted my own. I guess every guy has - especially when we were young and just starting to shoot cum. But where mine was somewhat sweet but salty, Pete’s lived completely up to the nickname for it - cock-honey! Sweet, thick, slick - it was delicious and I instantly wanted more! And I knew exactly where to get it!

I stuck out my tongue and began to lick up the shaft of his cock. I finally got to the head and licked across the piss-slit, gathering up all the cock-honey that was gushing out. But I no sooner slurped it away and more bubbled out. I opened my mouth and put my lips around the head of his cock, licking and sucking more of the delicious fluid from him. He groaned at this and grabbed my head in his hands, quickly pulling me off.

“Don’t, Tommy! Please! I’m about to cum and I don’t want to yet.” he groaned.

I grinned. I was proud of myself! I’d hardly touched him and he was ready to cum!

He pulled away from me and walked around the bed. Then he crawled onto it and lay down on his side facing me. He patted the bed right next to him and I quickly got onto the bed and lay down on my side facing him. There was maybe six inches between us. “You’re too far away.” he said grinning and his eyes twinkling.

I scooted over so that my body was pressed up against his, our hardons and our torso’s touching. His arm came around me and he drew me even closer. So close, in fact, that to be any closer, I’d have to be inside him.

“There! That’s better!” he sighed.

Then his hand came up, grabbed the back of my neck and brought his mouth to mine in a deep passionate kiss. I melted against him and lost all track of where I was and how long we kissed. I think if it had gone on any longer, I might have even forgotten who I was, the kiss was that intense. It was like no kiss I’d ever had in my life. 

As we kissed, he slowly rolled me over onto my back and he moved over me until his body was covering mine. Now that was a completely new experience! Almost always during sex, I had been the one ‘on top’. Even when my ex-wife would get on top of me to ride me ‘cowgirl’ style, she was a lot smaller than me so it never felt like she was ‘covering’ me or anything. But Pete, on the other hand, was bigger than me, not just taller but bigger in every way. Me being covered by him, at first, brought back feelings of wrestling in high school and began to bring out those competitive feelings to gain the upper advantage back. But I stopped. This wasn’t a competition. Pete was making love to me, something no guy had ever done. It was interesting to watch him make the same exact moves I would make before.

For a moment, I freaked a little. After all, I was, for all intents and purposes, lying here in the same position as a woman. ‘Is that how Pete sees me?’ I wondered to myself. But that was silly! Pete didn’t go for women. Why would he think of me as anything but the way I thought of him - as a man. But it was still weird, being in this position, feeling his body covering mine, feeling him moved against me, thrusting his cock against mine. 

The, all of a sudden, I had like this ‘flashback’ to when I was maybe 3 or 4 and I was in bed with my Dad. I remember that on Sunday mornings when I was real little, my Mom went to church but my Dad stayed home and looked after me. When I would wake up, I’d always go and crawl into bed with him and cuddle up to his large, warm, adult male body. I remembered his scent - a scent that I learned to associate with protection, security and love - in other words, Daddy. Feeling Pete’s body covering mine like that same male love, protection and security suddenly made things feel very differently for me. Oh, I didn’t think of Pete as my Dad but somehow those same warm feelings that I had then were streaming back to me now and I began to feel more comfortable and more loved than I had at any other time in my life except for maybe those early Sunday mornings with my Dad.

I sighed and Pete began nuzzling my neck, licking and nibbling at the skin, causing ‘goose-bumps’ to rise on me from the intense stimulation. I suddenly realized that I had never in my life really made love to someone - much less have someone make love to me. That’s why this all felt so really different! But it was a difference that I loved! My hands began to explore Pete’s body, running across his shoulders and upper arms, feeling the tautness of his muscles beneath the soft velvet of his warm skin. I did not expect his skin to be so soft! There was nothing ‘feminine’ about it, not with the hard steel of the muscles beneath it but it was so warm and so soft that I thrilled as my hand moved over it, sensing the softness and the power beneath at the same time.

Suddenly, Pete moved down and did something that totally shocked me and almost had me cumming! Never in my life had I, or anyone else for that matter, ever touched or played with my nipples. Sure, I’d done it to girls, but none of them had ever done it to me! Pete, however, moved down and started sucking and nipping at one of my tits and, except for the weight of his body on top of mine, holding me down to the bed, I would have come off it vertically! As it was, my back arched and drove my chest harder against Pete’s sucking mouth. I groaned loudly at the intense feelings that shot through my body and straight to my dick! It was like my tit was directly connected to my cock - so intense were the feelings!

“AHH! FUCK!!!” I screamed out and clutched my hands tightly to Pete’s body in the agony/ecstasy of feelings.

Pete stopped sucking my nipple and, pulling his face up, looked down into mine.

“You like that, I take it?” he grinned.

“What the fuck are you doing to me!?!” I exclaimed.

“I’m sucking your nipple! Haven’t you ever had that done?” he asked, looking at me curiously.

“Fuck no! I’ve sucked on girl’s tits to get them hot but none of them ever did it to me!” I exclaimed.

“So, do you like it?” he grinned.

“Oh, fuck yeah! It’s making my cock harder!” I told him.

“It’s supposed to.” he grinned again. “I get the feeling that there’s a lot of stuff that you’ve never experience.”

I blushed deeply, ashamed at my evident ignorance. Young guys all like to think of themselves as accomplished studs. To admit to another guy that you don’t know shit about sex, really, is just not done!

“Hey! It’s okay! I love the idea that I get to introduce you to things you’ve never experienced. It’s a fucking turn on - almost like I’m making love to a virgin.” he smiled.

“Well, at least where sex with another guy is, I guess I am a virgin, really. I mean, the stuff I did when I was a teenager wasn’t all that much. Can I ask you something?” I said.

“Uhhh...do you really think this is the time for questions?” he grinned. “I got to know this, please?” I begged him.

“Okay. What do you want to know?” he asked.

“Uhh...well...you’re layin’ on top of me and I’m like under you...” I said, stumbling over my words.

“Ohh! And you want to know if just because you’re in the same position that you’d have a woman if I think of you like one...is that it?” he asked, his voice low and tender.

“Uhh...yeah.” I admitted.

“Tommy, you are definitely all man. That hard fucking cock shoving me in the gut would tell me that even if nothing else did. Women don’t turn me on at all. Neither do effeminate guys. I only get turned on to guys who are masculine. Does my hard cock tell you how I feel about you?” he asked, shoving his hips forward and pressing his hard cock into my gut.

“Yeah...it does.” I grinned. “It’s just that it feels a little weird to have someone bigger than I am on top of me.”

“Would you like to be on top?” he asked.

“No. It’s cool. It feels weird, but it feels good, too. It kind of...uhh...” I faltered.

“It kind of what?” he asked.

“Well, it kind of feels like when I was a little kid and would be in bed with my Dad.” I said quietly, my eyes looking away, afraid to meet his.

“Tommy, look at me.” he said softly and I did. “Do you mean that you have feelings of being safe and protected and loved right now?”

“Yeah. It’s all that and a lot more.” I said softly to him.

“That’s the way it’s supposed to be.” he smiled gently. “We can talk about this later and I’ll explain it to you. Right now, I want to make love to you and I think you want me to, right?” 

“Oh, fuck yeah!” I grinned.

“Good!” he grinned back and the next thing I knew, he was sucking on my other tit and I was groaning and writhing beneath him.

Once he had that tit hard and standing up, Pete did something that totally blew me away. He reached up and grabbed my arms from around him and pushed them up above my head. I lay there like I was being arrested or something but on my back. He moved over to where he started running his nose up and down my exposed armpit, his soft breath and the movement of my underarm hair making it somewhat tickle and cause my cock to harden more at the same time. He was breathing deep and I could tell from the moans and soft growls coming from him that my sweaty scent was really turning him on - just as his did me! As if that wasn’t enough to drive me straight up the wall, his tongue started licking through my pit hair and then his mouth covered my pit and started softly sucking on the skin while his tongue continued to lick and taste my sweat.

I was in heaven! This felt WAY better than I would have ever expected it to! I had no fucking idea that my pits were sexually sensitive. Like most straight guys, the only fucking ‘erogenous’ I knew that I had were my cock, my balls and maybe my ass (I found out from Pete later that a lot of straight guys stroke and finger their butts while they jack off but will never, ever admit it because of the implications of being a ‘fag’ and wanting to get their ass fucked.). I had no idea that places like my tits and my pits could be just as erotic! 

When my pit was soaked in Pete’s saliva, he moved to go after the other one. On the way, he leaned down and kissed me passionately. I could taste my sweat and funk on his mouth and it turned me on all to hell! I was really loving this! Everything that Pete did just made things get better and better. He went after my other pit then, soaking it with his spit so that there I lay, my arms above my head, totally submissive to him in a way I could have never dreamed of being submissive to another guy. And the funny thing about it was, I loved the feeling! I didn’t feel effeminate or anything. I just felt safe and loved! I just knew that Pete would never do anything to hurt me and that all he wanted to do was make me feel really good - and he was doing that!

He moved down from my pits and began licking down the center of my body, stopping to lick through the ridges of my abs before heading further south on my body. For some reason, I left my arms above my head. It felt good that way for reasons I couldn’t begin to understand but decided not to question. I had decided to just ‘go with the flow’ and allow this all to happen to me. I seemed to enjoy it more that way.

Pete got down to my groin and shoved his nose in my pubic hair. I could hear him taking deep breaths of my musky scent there, just as I’d done to him. I thought he would go after my cock next, but I was wrong. Instead, he moved down to where he was between my now spread legs, laying flat on the bed with his nose shoved right up against my sweaty ball. I against heard his deep breaths as he snorted my nuts and then felt his tongue licking them. I groaned in ecstasy! This felt so fucking good! Sure, I’d played with my nuts when I jacked off. Most guys do. But nobody had ever taken a tongue to them before! Fuck! What a great feeling! I was almost cumming from it!

I didn’t think things could get any better...well...that’s not true. I’d hoped that eventually Pete would get around to sucking my cock. This was something that I loved but could only get my ex-wife to do on very rare occasions. I figured that Pete would not be quite so adverse to doing it and I also figured that he had to be better than my ex-wife at it! Even the couple of blowjobs I traded with other guys in high school had been better than my ex-wife could do! 

I expected that Pete would probably stop licking my balls and maybe head upwards for my cock but I got the shock of my life. Instead of moving up - he moved down! He started by moving down and licking the back of my nut-sack which also was incredible and then moved down to where he was licking that little patch of skin between the nuts and the ass (the perineum, I learned later). That felt incredibly good as well. I figured, naturally that he’d stop there so imagine my shock when he took my legs in his hands and pushed them up and back so that my knees were practically wresting on my chest and my entire groin and ass were spread and exposed to him!

“Hold them there for me.” Pete said, and I quickly grabbed behind my knees with my hands.

He lay down flat on the bed and I heard him taking deep breaths. This confused me because the only thing that he could be smelling down there was my butt! I just couldn’t believe that’s what he was doing but when I felt his wet, rough, raspy tongue gliding up my butt-crack, I had no reason to disbelieve anymore! I groaned in ecstasy and shock at the feelings that were emanating from my butt!
