 My name is Alex. I'm a gunge angel.

Most people don't know what that is. It's a bit of a long story. Basically, I help people who are turned on by people getting messy. It's a strange fetish and a private and embarrassing one, and most people are very shy about owning up to it. All I do is help them to own up to it. Not to cure them of it, if that was even possible, but to help them embrace it. 

It took me a long time to realise that I'm turned on being messy. By 'messy' I mean being covered in gunge, usually some kind of food, preferably sweet, but I have been known to go for savoury food to if a client wants it. I'm not talking about bodily fluids and stuff like that, which is another fetish entirely. I'm talking about the arousal of being completely drenched in gunge, or completely drenching another person in it. 

How I came to realise that I share this fetish is itself a long story and I've written about it elsewhere, but I'll give a short version. I grew up in a largish seaside town near the capital city, and far as I knew I was a regular heterosexual guy. After college I went to work in theatre where I ended up being an occasional performer but mostly a producer. Then, a few years ago, myself and my then-business-partner booked a guy for a festival whose whole act was about gunge. He had two permanent stooges and they were meant to perform with him, but at the last minute they had to cancel, so my partner and I volunteered to stand in for them. We played the stooges in the show, which climaxed with first me, then her, being stripped naked onstage and drenched in gunge. I found the experience curiously exciting, to my surprise, and when afterwards I was showering off with the main guy, who was openly gay, and he admitted that he found me attractive, I was even more surprised to discover that I was turned on by his interest. To cut a long story short, he seduced me, and for nearly two years we lived together with me as his partner in and out of bed. During that time, as part of our relationship, he used to cover me in gunge, photograph the result and post the photos on the internet so we could see what kind of reaction we got. I found it very arousing to have total strangers (usually men) telling me I was sexy and describing in great detail what they'd like to do to me, especially when I had Andy who was eager to actually carry out their suggestions.

Our relationship ran its course and at the end, he symbolically deleted all the pictures from the internet, copied them onto a flash drive and gave them to me, and then secure-deleted them from his own hard drive, giving me back all the pictures. We parted amicably. Although I'd really enjoyed having sex with Andy, I had missed going out with women and he had noticed.

A year or so after my breakup with Andy, I was hanging around the gunge sites on the internet and I noticed the number of people who wanted to get messy with someone but seemed to have nobody to do it with. I had been lucky. I had been in a messy nirvana with a considerate lover who knew how to push all my buttons (except the heterosexual ones) and months of strangers viewing my photos had made me comfortable with the idea that other people had seen my naked body.

I began to get an idea for a service that I could provide.

I wondered if there was a demand out there for a person who would offer an introduction to getting messy that could go as far as the client wanted it to go, within limits of safety, of course. I knew that there were messy models that hired themselves out for gunge sessions but I sensed that some people wanted more. A lot of men wanted to be gunged by a scantily clad girl but some women wanted to gunge a man, and not have to worry too much about how he felt about it. People wanted someone who would perform a bit, not just be self-conscious and giggly about it. They wanted to feel that the other person was really having the experience, not just playing around. 

I read an article about sexual surrogates. It seemed like the kind of approach I should use; someone who would invite someone else into the experience of getting messy, someone too shy or inhibited or uncertain to initiate it, and who would willingly get involved in the experience as far as the other person wanted to go. 

Part of me genuinely wanted to introduce people to the experience. And sure, part of me missed getting messy, and wanted to do it with as wide a variety of people as possible. 

I set about designing a website, and a contract with different levels of terms and conditions. I looked around to see where the really needy, shy people hung out. I went to the gym. I took some more pictures of myself, both clean and messy, clothed and, well, less clothed. I am not a big, strong guy. I'm average height, slightly built and reasonably cute, and besides my teeth and my eyelashes (which I've always been complimented on), my most alluring feature, or so I've been repeatedly told, is my ass, which is rounded and smooth and slightly protruding, like a girl's. I can be reasonably androgynous if I want to be. That was one of the things that attracted Andy to me and it was one of the things that I played up in my advertising, along with my extensive experience of being messy and my warm and friendly presence.

I felt for the people who had never got to be messy. It had been such a great and life-changing experience for me that I really wanted to share it with others. I wanted to offer up my pride and dignity and composure so that they could get off. It didn't seem like too much of a sacrifice to make. 

It hardly needs to be said that I had little idea of what I was letting myself in for.

***

WWW.GUNGEANGEL.COM

Are you curious about getting wet and messy?

Have you ever wanted to gunge someone else, or be gunged yourself, but have never had the nerve to ask anyone?

At gungeangel.com, we provide a one-to-one, personal, intimate space in which you can have the gunge session you've always wanted to try. 

I'm an experienced, former-full-time gunge slave. I offer a bespoke, personal service tailored to your needs. I can be whoever you want me to be, and I give as skilfully and as enthusiastically as I receive. 

Here are our services. All are available to ages 18+:

1. INTRODUCTORY: £xx

I will come to your home, or to a place that you have booked and secured, and I give you an introduction to WAM that involves either mutual or one-way gungeing/pieing. Materials can either be obtained by you in advance, or you can pay me to obtain them myself and bring them along. Special clothing is worn. 

Session duration: 1 hour.

2. BEGINNER: £xx

For those who want to take it a stage further. As above, but outer clothing may be removed up to but not including underwear. No physical contact is allowed beyond gungeing. 

Session duration: 90 minutes.

3. INTERMEDIATE: £xx

As Beginner level, but at the client's discretion, nudity is permitted. (Mutual nudity is not compulsory, i.e. you don't have to undress even if you want me to.) Some limited physical contact is permitted according to our Terms & Conditions (click here for details). 

Session duration: 1-2 hours.

4. CLIENT: £xxx

Our service for trusted clients. I obtain all materials, per your instructions, and you are entitled to demand nudity. A more extensive range of physical contact is permitted according to our Terms & Conditions (click here for details).

5. DELUXE: £xxx

Our top service. Let me be your gungeslave. 

I obtain all materials, per your instructions.

I will dress as per your request (incl. TV) and role-play a scenario mutually agreed in writing in advance.

I will service your physical requirements to the best of my ability and you have intimate physical access to my body, according to the Terms & Conditions (click here for details). 

I am not reasonably allowed to refuse any request made according to the Terms & Conditions. Within those restrictions, you can do what you want with me!

I will also clean up afterwards! 

Duration: 2-3 hours (ex. cleanup).

5. GROUP: £xxx

This is available on a discretionary basis, on all levels: Introductory/Beginner/ Intermediate/Client/Deluxe. 

Price depends on group size. Maximum group six persons. 

Owing to the physically demanding nature of a group session, I do not offer the post-session cleanup. 

Duration: max. 4 hours. 

***

I tried to make clear was that getting messy didn't have to be a sexual thing. It could be pure play. Nobody had to take any clothes off. I built it into the pricing structure that if the client wanted me to take my clothes off, it would cost extra, and if the client wanted to go further than that it would be extra again. I wanted to emphasise the 'play' aspect of the whole thing. I knew that most people who were into getting messy were into the playfulness of it, and I thought that that would be enough to get people interested. I included a questionnaire, asking people what kind of thing they'd like to do; I encouraged them to talk about their fantasies in detail and share them with me, and in the early email exchanges before a session I always responded positively to anyone's description of a fantasy, even when it wasn't something I'd want to do myself. 

I expected to find myself going from place to place, discreetly introducing people to the pleasure of pieing and being pied, and that it would be limited pretty much to that. I had this image of myself as the Pie Doctor – the neatly dressed, friendly, slim young man who would willingly offer his face for someone to throw a first pie at, and then I would move on, my work done. I knew that maybe one or two clients might want more than that, might want me to undress and maybe get a bit more messy than others, and I was quietly excited by the prospect. But I really didn't think that it would amount to much more than me getting a few extra quid for being pied in the face by the occasional stranger.

I was, as it turns out, very very wrong. 

This is the story of how wrong I was. 

***

CLIENT #1: LUKE

Hi Alex,

I'd like to order a session with you. I'm kind of new to this whole wam business so I think I'll just go for the Beginner level for now!

Q.: What kind of wam do you like? 

A.: I like pies and gunge mostly. I get really turned on by the idea of a pie in the face from another guy! I've done some self-wamming at home and I think it's time I tried it with another guy.

Q.: What kind of thing do you think you'd like to do in the session?

A.: I'd like you to take off my outer clothes and pie me in the face several times, and if it's as good as I hope it'll be I'd like you to pie my inside my briefs and maybe take them off - is it possible to get an option on raising the session to a higher level once it's underway? I don't know how into it I'll be on the day itself but in case I am I'd like to have the chance to go a bit further there and then. 

Q.: How did you hear about gungeangel.com?

A.: I saw your photos on GungeTube and followed the link to your site. I love your pics! You have a very sexy body and it looked like you were having a good time. Plus I'd like to see you doing the gunging for a change!


I turned up at Luke's flat on a bright Saturday afternoon. He answered the door in a t-shirt and jeans and smiled at me.

'Hi,' I said, 'I'm Alex.'

'Come in,' he said, smiling. He looked a few years younger than me -- maybe 20 or 21. I felt myself going pink when I realised that Luke was the first person I met who I knew had seen the pictures of me naked and messy on the internet. 

He offered me tea or coffee and I accepted a glass of water. We sat in his kitchen making small talk for a while and then I realised that he seemed a little shy about getting to the point. I waited for a break in the conversation.

'So,' I said, '. . . shall we maybe do this?'

'Yeah,' he said, smiling. 

'Can I borrow your bathroom to get into my clothes?' I asked. He directed me to where it was and I went inside. 

I quickly stripped off my street clothes of boots, socks, chinos, shirt and t-shirt, and then, glancing at myself in the mirror, I pulled down my boxers and folded them with my other clothes. Then, naked, I took out my white briefs and put them on, followed by my neutral grey t-shirt and black jeans. I checked my appearance, but I'd shaved carefully and showered that morning and I looked clean and neat. Then I took my bag and left the bathroom. 

Luke was standing in the hallway wearing a white t-shirt and white boxers, smiling. 

'It's this way,' he said. He led me into a room with plastic sheeting on the floor and draped over the furniture. There was a table with several pies on it, and four buckets of gunge.

'Is it okay?' he said. 'Is that everything you need?'

'This looks great,' I said. I put my bag down and, rather nervously, we stood facing each other, smiling. I reminded myself that I had nothing to be afraid of; I'd been gunged and countless numbers of people had seen the pictures, including Luke himself. He'd seen me naked, messy and humiliated. And this time I didn't even have to go through all that; I'd be doing it to him.

'So we're going to go Beginner level at first, yeah?' I said. 

'Yeah,' he said. 

'So, just to remind you, that means that you keep those clothes on and no physical contact beyond gunging is allowed, okay?'

'Okay,' he nodded, swallowing.

'Come on,' I smiled, 'let's get you messy.'

I made him kneel opposite me and I picked up a pie in one hand.

'So, Luke,' I said, smiling, knowing that in a minute I was going to push this gooey, quivering pie into his cute face, 'why don't you tell me what you want to do with this?'

He looked back at me, trembling slightly. I felt the power that I had and I was inwardly glad at being the first guy he would ever get messy with. 

'You know what,' he said abruptly, 'I've changed my mind.'

I felt my stomach clench, a bit. 

'You don't want to do this?' I said. 

'Well,' he said, and paused.

'It's okay, we don't have to,' I said, putting down the pie, 'but you know that the fee is non-returnable. I mean, I've committed my time to this.'

'I do want to do it,' he said, 'I just think . . . I don't think I want to do what I said we'd do.'

'Okay,' I said, a little confused. Then Luke's eyes gleamed.

'I want an upgrade,' he said. 'I did mention that I'd like one, and you said it'd be okay.'

I thought about this for a moment, and then I nodded. 

'Okay,' I said carefully. 'What kind of upgrade?'

'I'd like to go to Client,' he said, grinning. I paused, feeling myself go pink. It looked like Luke had changed his mind about how messy he wanted me to get.

'You'll need to pay now,' I said.

'That's not a problem,' he said, and held out a wad of cash to me. 

I took it and counted it. It was more than was needed for Client level. I felt my mouth go dry. 

'This is more than you actually owe for Client level,' I pointed out.

'Yeah, I know,' he said. 'I was hoping to earn some extra goodwill.'

I considered. On the one hand I was hardly prepared for whatever Luke wanted to do; on the other, it was ready cash. I didn't need to think too hard.

'Okay,' I said. He smiled. I took the money into the other room and put it in my chinos, then I returned. He was still in white t-shirt and boxer shorts, I was in grey t-shirt and black jeans.

'So,' I said, 'what do you want me to do?'

'Pie me,' he breathed, staring at me. I smiled, picked up the pie and held it up.

'You want me to pie you in the face with this?' I said.

'Yes,' he said. 

'Okay,' I said, and I pushed the pie into Luke's handsome face. He groaned softly. I smeared it in and let it fall slowly off him. He blinked as the gungey pieces of crust fell to the floor. 

'Another one?' I said. 

'Yes,' he moaned.

I took another pie and pied his face once more, then I took a third, pulled open his boxer shorts and, without looking inside, pushed the pie into them. He shook and moaned, giggling. 

'How do I look?' he said.

'Very handsome,' I said, smiling. Maybe this was going to be about Luke being pied after all. Perhaps, for the first time, I really would be in charge. For once, I wouldn't get messy.

'How about if I take this off?' he said, and pulled his gooey, sodden t-shirt over his head and threw it aside. He had a good body, stronger and more ripped than mine, broad-shouldered where I was slender. 

'Then I would do this,' I said, and I turned him around, pulled open the back of his boxers and pied his bare buttocks, without looking at them. He gasped and laughed. I massaged it into his hips through the fabric of his shorts. Luke turned around and wiped his face. Moments ago he had been clean and immaculate; now he was a gooey, messy young man in sodden boxer shorts. He smiled at me.

'My turn,' he said, and before I had time to respond he'd picked up a pie and shoved it in my face. 

I gasped with shock as the cold pie gunge forced itself up my nose, in my mouth and eyes. Then there was another. Then two more on either side. My hearing went muffled and I couldn't see. I shook my head gently and I felt him lifting up my t-shirt. 

It came off over my head and helped wipe much, but not all, of the pie gunge off my face. But sooner could I see and hear again than Luke pied my face one more time. I stumbled and slipped on the pie on the floor, and landed on my bum, spitting and blinking as the thick gungy crust stuck to my face. 

Then I felt him fumbling with my jeans and I started to try to back away, still half-sitting, half-lying. He got them open and dragged them over my hips, down my legs. I felt vulnerable and alarmed. My ankles were tangled in them. I reached up to wipe my face and he yanked my jeans off, so that I was just in my briefs.

When I could see, I looked up. Luke was kneeling over me with a pie in each hand. I shook my head and started to say 'No' when he sandwiched my head between two pies.

I let out a muffled moan, and I felt Luke tugging at the hem of my briefs.
This was it, this was what I'd been hoping might not happen, the consummation that always happened to me whenever I got messy, and which always left me helpless and passive whenever my old master succeeded in dominating me. I squirmed on the floor, feeling my briefs slide down my buttocks, and I rolled over to crawl away when I felt another pie slam into my face. 'MMMMLLL!' I moaned. Then my briefs were pulled down, exposing my bum, and another pie landed on my bare ass.  'MMMUUUIIIHHH!' I whimpered.

I squirmed again, trying to get away, and all that happened was that my briefs were pulled off me as Luke stripped me naked for action. He pied my chest and I felt the pie falling off my face.

'Oh please,' I gasped, looking down at myself, naked before him already, my face hanging with pie gunge, the rest of me mostly clean and pink but totally exposed, the would-be teacher who had become the target. 

'You look gorgeous,' he said, and he pied my naked groin. I gasped with shock as the cold goo forced its way between my thighs and over my lower belly. I stared at him, and he pied my face again. I whimpered softly, and let him push me down so that I lay on my back, and I felt him arranging himself over me - and then he said 'Intimate contact, Alex, yeah?'

'Under the terms,' I mumbled, trembling, almost passive beneath him.

'I've got to do it,' he said, and I felt a gooey, slippery pole of muscle touching my lips.

This was not in the contract. Physical contact was meant to be limited to hands, but Luke had paid extra, and I was not in the mood to protest.

'Oh God,' I gasped as I felt his lips closing over my cock.  I twitched my hips and Luke's penis pushed into my mouth and I sucked him deliriously, eagerly.
