 It wasn't a ‘heavy' workout like I expected. Pete was very careful about what he had me do. He told me that since I hadn't worked out in a few years, I needed to take it easy the first few times. He told me that a lot of people who went to the popular ‘chain' gyms got put through long exhaustive workouts by the untrained staff which not only caused a great deal of unnecessary muscle pain but could also do damage to their muscles, joints and ligaments. Not to mention the fact that the pain made you less likely to want to work out again. The way to start was slow, causing no pain or damage and build up until you could do those heavy routines without causing any physical problems. What he said made a great deal of sense to me and I followed his instructions to the letter.

After hitting the free weights and apparatus that he had, we spent time in the small steam room, sauna and in the hot tub. At first, this was a little uncomfortable for me because, of course, we did them naked. I'd never had this kind of reaction - this shyness - around another guy before but, I rationalized it that in other situations, I had been around a bunch of guys, all of us naked. This time it was just one guy and this was a very private and intimate setting. No one else around and no possibility of anyone else interrupting us. I found out that the only key to the gym door was the one that Pete had. This was not part of the amenities offered to the residents of the building. It was, however, one that Pete made very clear was offered to me. He, in fact, told me he had a spare key to the gym upstairs that he would give me when we went back up.

The hot tub was wonderful, relaxing my muscles and making me feel so light and weightless. The steam room and sauna were a little more difficult for me to deal with. Not that they didn't feel wonderful, they did. But in the hot tub, because of the bubbling water, I couldn't see any part of Pete's body except what was above the water line. In the steam room and sauna, I couldn't miss his entire body! Miss it? I couldn't take my eyes off it! His body was, in two words, fucking beautiful! There were dark swirls of hair across his very well developed pecs with a trail that led down the center of his abdomen to his ‘innie' belly-button and then continued on down until it joined the bush of dark hair around his cock and nutsack. His cock, however, was what seemed to get to me the most! I mean, all guys check each other out. It's normal. What wasn't normal was that I just couldn't stop checking Pete's out! First of all, even soft, it was huge! It hung down at least five or six inches. God only knew what it was hard! It was also very thick. Now, I didn't have anything to be ashamed of in the dick department. I had between seven and a half and eight inches and I was quite thick but nothing compared to Pete! Not to mention, he was uncut, just like me. But where my foreskin just covered the head of my cock when it was soft, Pete's foreskin hung down in a nipple at least an inch below the head of his cock.

Pete's legs and arms had the same dark curly hair as did his butt cheeks about halfway up. His back, however was smooth, broad and heavily muscled. The cleft over his spine was deep because of the build-up of musculature on each side of it. All in all, Pete was one of the most handsome and beautiful men I had ever seen in my life - not that I was in the habit of judging that! But it was the fact that he was so overwhelmingly attractive that made me notice it. Why I couldn't stop noticing it - THAT was another situation all together! I just didn't know what the fuck was the matter with me! It was like I was turning ‘gay' for Pete! 

Okay, like most guys, when I was in middle and high school, I fucked around with some of my friends. You know the kind of thing - mutual jack-off sessions with your buds, maybe jack-off contests and circle-jerks. A couple of times I even traded blowjobs with one guy. But that was all. Strangely enough, looking back, I realize now that those encounters were often way more exciting than anything that had happened between me and my wife! But I just put that down to the fact of being so fucking young and full of hormones and that fact that it was all so new to me.

But it was like I was back to those teenage years, sitting there in the steam room and sauna with Pete. It was all I could do to (a) keep my eyes off his body and especially his package and (b) keep my own package under control and soft! Or at least not obviously hard! I couldn't help a certain amount of ‘thickening' that was happening. Finally, Pete said we should hit the shower and head upstairs.

When we got back to Pete's apartment, I changed back into my regular clothes and figured I should head out then but, again, Pete had other ideas. First of all, it was almost noon so he suggested that we have lunch. I figured that was a good idea but I told Pete I didn't want him to have to cook again.

"Didn't plan to! Ever been to The Clamshell Restaurant over in Littleton? I love the place! Great steaks and great seafood. I figured we'd head over there." Pete said.

"Yeah. I've been there. It is a great place. Ain't been there in a long time." I said not mentioning that one of the reasons I didn't go there was that I didn't like eating alone and my ex-wife didn't like to eat out.

"Well, then! All the more reason! Come on, I'll drive!" he said.

We went downstairs and got into his car. I was a little shocked at what he drove - a BMW X5 SUV. It was an incredible car - black with tan leather interior and just about every ‘bell and whistle' that BMW offered. We sped along and, while I didn't usually enjoy riding shotgun and not driving myself, riding in the X5 was a really enjoyable experience. We took exit 43 off I-93 into Littleton to the restaurant. We sat down and the waitress brought us a couple of beers. Then we looked at the menu. 

"So what are you going to have?" I asked.

"I figured I'd start out with Crab and Artichoke Saute. It's my favorite." Pete said.

I looked at him in amazement!

"That's mine, too!" I laughed.

"Well, see! Great minds think alike! What about as an entree?" he asked.

"Well, that's another favorite of mine - Steak Neptune. It's sirloin steak with scallops, shrimp..."

"Crab meat in a Bearnaise sauce! Yes, I know! It's my favorite, too!" he laughed.

We sat there looking at each other.

"I can't believe this!" I finally said. "We both like the same things! I wonder what else we agree on?" 

Over lunch, we started talking about it and found out that we had a lot in common besides food. We both liked the same kind of music (Country), we liked the same colors (Blue and Black), we liked the same football team (The Patriots) and we liked the same authors (Tom Clancy and Robert Ludlum). We, of course, liked working out and feeling our bodies were fit. There were differences, of course. I couldn't write and he didn't like mechanical things but that wasn't a problem at all. In a way, we not only were a lot alike, we were also complementary to each other. Inside, I was incredibly thrilled by this which really bothered me! I don't know why this should thrill me so much.

We ended up going back to the apartment again and Pete helped me measure walls and decide where I was going to put my furniture when I moved in the next day. We basically spent the whole day together and then Pete cooked dinner for us. I didn't want him to do it, but he insisted. After all, he pointed out, it was either that or both of us would just have to eat dinner alone. He made this really great dish I'd never had before, Beef Stroganoff, with a salad and accompanied by a really good red wine. We sat there talking after dinner, still getting to know each other. I couldn't believe how comfortable I felt with Pete after knowing him such a short time.

"I want to thank you for today. I have to admit, I was avoiding going home." I said finally.

"I kind of guessed something like that." Pete said.

"Yeah. My ex-wife was going to come with her parents to get her things. I just didn't want to be there for that." I said.

"That's completely understandable. Hey! We single guys have to stick together!" Pete grinned and I grinned back.

"Yeah! I guess we do! I know I'm really gonna love living here. I mean, finding a nice apartment is one thing. Finding a nice apartment and a new friend at the same time -that's really special." I told him.

Pete smiled this really amazing smile at me.

"Thank you! I have to tell you, Tommy, I feel exactly the same way. This is one of the best days I can remember having since I moved here. Spending time with you has been a really great experience and, as far as I'm concerned, this is just the start of a really great friendship!" he grinned.

"Yeah! I feel exactly the same way!" I agreed.

"Well, then, here's a toast - to friendship!" Pete said, holding up his wine glass.

"To friendship!" I said, clinking my glass against his.

We drank and then sat there grinning at each other.

I finally went home and found that all of my wife's stuff had been cleaned out. I took a few boxes I had gotten on the way home and put what little stuff I had in them then I watched some TV until I just couldn't hold my eyes open anymore and went to bed.

Sometime during the night, I started dreaming. I didn't know where I was. It was in a garden. There were all these people walking around. At first it didn't hit me but suddenly I realized that all the people were guys. Not only that, but they were all naked. They were all young, about my age and they were all fairly good looking though I couldn't tell you what any of them actually looked like. I just knew they weren't anybody I knew. I didn't know what the fuck was going on but I saw some of the guys walking around hand in hand! It was then that I noticed something else - I was naked, too. And not just naked, but harder than hell! My cock was standing up so hard it was dripping cock-honey. I looked up to see if anybody noticed that I had a hardon and saw that all the other guys did. 

I didn't know what to do. I found myself staring at all the hardons around me. I'd never seen so many in my life. It was like a forest of male strength and I was incredibly turned on by it. It was like all my adolescent fantasies come to life. Here were all these guys naked, just like in the locker room but all with hardons and, best of all, I got to look all I wanted and nobody cared. I don't know how I knew that. I just did.

I just stood there gawking at all the beautiful muscular bodies and all the large, hard cocks until I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned and there stood Pete, his handsome face and his beautiful smile beaming at me. Without saying a word, he reached down and gently stroked my cock and I groaned. Then he took my hand and led me deeper into the foliage. 

He brought me to a bower, surrounded by flowering bushes that formed walls around us. There was a blanket on the grass and Peter lay down on the blanket, pulling me down with him. He pulled me into his arms and I could feel the warmth and strength of him surrounding me. His lips came down gently on mine as I felt his hard cock pressing against mine. I was thrilled by the feelings of his strength and hardness. I wanted him, I needed him. I couldn't understand why but the questions of the day - my own shock at the realization of my attraction to Pete did not enter into my mind. It was simply there and I was more involved in my arousal and the sensuous feelings that I was feeling than in what it all meant.

I don't know what caused me to do it, but I started to lick down Pete's neck and onto his lightly furred chest. Without even realizing it, I ended up with my face in his crotch, his hard cock pressed against my face and licking up and down the long, thick staff. I was fucking licking another guy's cock! With that I shot my load, just like I was a fucking teenager, all over my sheets.

This woke me up and, for a few moments, I just lay there panting, trying to get my breath back after what had been probably one of the most mind-blowing orgasms I had ever had. But then the reality of the dream hit me! I had a fuckin' wet dream about NAKED GUYS! Worst of all, I'd had sex with Pete! I'd fuckin' licked Pete's fuckin' cock! I was definitely losing my mind!

It took me hours to get back to sleep that night. I couldn't figure out what the fuck was wrong with me. I'd never been attracted to guys...well...at least not that I was aware of. I mean, I did fuck around with other guys when I was young but, I was a jock and most jocks did that. It was just part of being a fucking teenage horn-dog. But this was way beyond that! I really got off on this! It was even way more exciting than fuckin' around with my jock buds had been. I hated to admit it, but I really loved it! That's what was really fuckin' my head over.

I finally did get back to sleep and when I woke up, there was a pounding at the door of my apartment. It was the guys from the garage. Within a couple of hours, we had everything into their trucks and were on our way to my new apartment. When we got there Pete met us with coffee and donuts which we wolfed down and then started moving my stuff into the apartment. With Pete's help, the stuff was arranged and I was all moved in within another two hours. The guys left and Pete and I were left sitting there on my couch.

It was then that the memories of the dream last night came flooding back and my fuckin' cock started getting hard! It didn't help that we were both sweating from all the exertion of moving and I could smell his scent strongly. It was driving me fuckin' nuts! I think he noticed that something was wrong because he looked at me funny.

"What's the matter, buddy?" he asked, his voice full of concern. I didn't know what to say. How could I tell him? Tell him that I was fuckin' dreaming about lickin' his dick! Yeah, right!

"Nothin'." I said quietly.

"You missin' your ex-wife? Feeling bad about the divorce?" he asked.

That's when I made the mistake. I looked up at him and into those incredible blue eyes of his. I don't know what it was. I just couldn't look at him and lie.

"No. It's me. I think I'm goin' nuts." I said softly.

"What do you mean?" he asked, his eyes softening as he looked at me.

"Look, I can't expect you to understand this. I don't understand this. I had this...well...this dream last night." I said.

"Yeah? A nightmare?" he asked.

"No....not exactly." I said this last softly.

"What kind of dream was it?" he asked.

"It...it...it was...well...it was...a wet dream." I said, turning away, unable to look at him.

He didn't say anything for a long time and I couldn't turn around. I was just about to get up and leave when I felt his hand on my shoulder. Almost like in the dream. I looked around and he was gently smiling at me.

"Hell, guy! I've had those before! Is that the first time you've had a dream like that?" he asked.

"Yeah. Well...I had them when I was young but I don't remember them. I'd just wake up and I was a mess, you know? I'd never had one like this before - never!" I said.

I felt his hand grip my shoulder firmer and I hated to admit it to myself, but I thrilled to his touch and my fucking cock got harder than a rock!

"Well, fuck. It happens, you know? Probably you ain't been gettin' your ashes hauled regular now that you're not married and your balls are backin' up, you know?" he grinned.

"Yeah, but this dream was real weird. I was doin' shit I ain't never thought of before!" I exclaimed. 

"Maybe your mind is trying to tell you something. Maybe there was something in the dream that you really want." he said. I just sat there, looking over my shoulder at him, feeling his hand on me, loving the touch, wanting something to happen but not really knowing what. What he said, however, caused me to shiver. Could that be it? Could I want to have sex with him? The way my cock was twitching, it sure seemed that way.

"Maybe your right. I don't know." I said, not really sure.

"Well...don't worry about it. It was just a dream. You'll probably never have it again." he laughed.

But he was wrong. I had the same dream, or a similar one, every night for a week. And every night for that week, I spent with Pete, working out and having dinner. I'd come home from the garage, all filthy with grease, shower and then meet Pete down in the gym to work out. I didn't want to. I kept telling myself every morning, after I'd woken up from another dream, that I wouldn't. That I'd avoid him. But all through the day, all I could think about was Pete. The closer it got to quitting time, the more and more anticipation built up in me, wanting to be with him, wanting to be close to him.

And working out together was certainly close. Close enough to continually smell his musk, that male scent that I remember from high school locker rooms and that had always had an effect on me - an effect that usually caused my man-tool to tingle and sometimes get completely out of control when I was young. I never thought about it. It never really bothered me because I didn't quite get that I was reacting sexually to other males. I didn't get what that meant. I just accepted it as part of being a jock. After all, I saw plenty of half and full hard cocks in those locker rooms - other guys evidently reacting the same way I did.

Finally, however, it was on Friday night, I just couldn't take it anymore. We were in the middle of our workout and I was doing bench presses. Pete stood above me, spotting me, and I was looking right up his gym shorts and could see his over-stuffed jock. I could tell that it had been a long time since it had seen the inside of a washing machine and I could smell the ripeness of it and could see the dark dampness from Pete's sweat as well as smell the waves of hot musk rolling off his body. 

Lying there, my cock became totally hard and I knew that I wanted Pete, wanted him the way I had never wanted another male in my life. I didn't know what to do! I didn't want to screw up what was my only close friendship in a long time. Nor did I want to lose my place to live. But, at the same time, I just couldn't continue on this way, either! There was only two things I could think of to do. Either, I had to stop seeing Pete, cut off all interaction or I had to find out if it were possible that he was feeling any of the same things I was. The idea of just going on the way things were and repressing my feelings for Pete just weren't an option to me.

But I didn't know what to do. I mean, if Pete were a woman, I'd have some idea how to start. How to let her know that I was attracted to her, that I wanted to...well...become lovers. But how did you do that with a guy? Especially a guy you didn't even know was gay! I mean, I didn't see any indication that Pete was gay but, at the same time, I didn't see any indication that he was straight either. Unlike most guys, Pete never talked about the sexual side of his life. Never talked about women at all. Never pointed out women who he was attracted to when we were out together. It was like he was totally asexual or something.

There was also another problem. I didn't know how he'd handle me having feelings for him. I mean, I'd never heard him say anything negatives about gays but I'd never heard him say anything about them at all. This was all so new and confusing to me. I needed somebody to talk to about it but the only person I could talk to was Pete - the very person I couldn't talk to about it...or could I?

We finished working out and showered. I had a hell of a time keeping my cock under control until the shower was over. But, being deep in thought and fearful of what I was planning to do managed to keep my cock soft and me distracted. I guess, however, it was noticeable.
