 Although Dwayne had just covered my face, hair and bathtub with cum, he was becoming erect again. My wrists and ankles were still cuffed, my mouth still taped shut and filled with Dwayne's liquid-filled/-encrusted jock strap. Despite the circumstances, I was hard and anticipating what would happen next. Given the strengthening of Dwayne's veiny shaft, I had a sense it would be something sexually enjoyable. 

"Get out of the tub, Rory," Dwayne commanded. "I'm not done with you yet."

"Mmmm," I grumbled. Didn't this dumbass realize I was still covered in his piss and nut? I had no intention of getting out without cleaning first. I kept my apartment fastidiously tidy and I didn't want it to get dirty either. From the frowning look on Dwayne's face, I gathered he had other plans. 

"I said to get the fuck out of the fucking tub, Rory! Move your ass now!"

Humiliated and wet, I stood up. Dwayne grabbed my arm and began to pull on me. Although I was disgusted to be doing this, I glanced down and saw that Dwayne's dick was still rock hard. Pre-cum began to gather on the head of his penis. I felt dizzy with desire. Dwayne must have had a sense of this because he smiled cockily at me. He narrowed his eyes, taking on that devilish look again. He stared at me and then smeared his hand down my cum- and piss-covered face. 

"Heh heh," he chuckled. He pulled the duct tape slightly down from my mouth to expose more of the jockstrap. He took a finger from his other hand, wiped it in the piss/cum on his hand, and then wiped it on the strap. He then turned the strap around in my mouth so that the liquids landed on my tongue, combining with my saliva. 

"Not bad, huh?" he asked. "There's more where that came from. But I guess your perverted ass knew that when you stared at my dick. You like this, Rory?" he asked as he pointed at his wet, throbbing penis. 

With my mouth still filled with the jockstrap, I couldn't answer. I spat it out, figuring Dwayne would want me to respond with words. 

"Yes," I said, hoping it would make Dwayne happy. Instead, his face became enraged. 

"Who the fuck told you you could do that? Who?! Who?!" Dwayne grabbed the fallen jockstrap, shoved it back in my mouth and resealed the duct tape. 

"That was a fucking stupid move, Rory! You're going to pay for that!" Dwayne pulled me fully out of the bathtub and dragged me into the adjoining kitchen. He dragged me around to the corner where I kept my cats' food and water and pushed on my head. I was forced again into the kneeling position. Dwayne grabbed my chin, stabilizing my head and spat on my face once, then again, then again. 

"Bad decision, Rory! Bad fucking decision! Now get on the fucking ground!" Dwayne put his hand on my head again and pushed me down. While descending, I noted that he was harder than before and pre-cumming with greater intensity. I wondered whether my provocation had actually turned him on. Hmm...I would have to test that theory out further. I began to squirm a bit and resist Dwayne's pressure. 

"What the fuck is wrong with you, Rory?! I have the control. The power here is mine and I want you on the fucking ground. You're really going to get it now." I looked up at Dwayne's dick and, sure enough, saw that the pre-cum had started to drip down. Perfect. My hypothesis was proven correct. Disobedience was an aphrodisiac for him, whether his words stated so or not. I began to think of other things I could do to provoke him. 

In the meantime, Dwayne had run to the fridge. He scanned it quickly and then pulled out a can of beer. He took a swig of it and then walked back to me. He put his foot to the back of my head and applied weight so I had no choice but to descend to the ground. Once there, Dwayne arranged my head so I was facing the cat food. Bits of it were on the ground, close to my face. I began to sense a fishy smell when, all of a sudden, beer landed on my face! I looked up and saw Dwayne grinning. That fucker had spit beer on me! I began to squirm. This was disgusting! I was rewarded with an even greater amount of brew on my face. 

"This shit isn't bad," Dwayne said. "Do you want a taste?" Huh? What was he talking about? Was he being serious? My eyes began to crinkle in disbelief.

"Yeah, I'm for real. I'll let you have some." Weird. I didn't expect this softening but couldn't complain. I had bought the beer so I obviously liked it. Dwayne bent down and loosened the duct tape around my mouth again. He pulled out the jockstrap and threw it to the side. I lifted my head up in expectation of the beer. 

"What the fuck are you doing? You think I'm going to give you beer from the can? Ok. I will. But first, you're going to take what I gave you already."

"I don't get it, Dwayne," I said. "The only beer you 'gave' me is on the ground and is probably combined at this point with some of your piss and cum."

"Yeah, no shit. You figured that out quickly. Now start licking it up."

"No fucking way am I doing that. That's nasty. I would be drinking it off the floor!"

"You're pretty good at stating the obvious. I don't give a fuck that it's on the ground. I told you to lick it up. And that's what you're going to do."

"No."

"What did you just say?!"

"No. Drinking beer off of the ground is gross. I haven't cleaned this floor in a week. It isn't happening. It..." 

Whack! Dwayne's hand had careened down and smacked my ass.

"What the fuck is wrong with you, Rory?! How many times do I have to tell you that I give the orders. You obey. That!" Whack! "Is!" He hit my ass again. "All!" For a fourth time, Dwayne's hand spanked me. Even through my sweatpants and underwear, I was in pain. I had a sense he would be leaving marks. Fuck. I guess I had only one option...

"Ok. I'll do it."

"Good." 

Although handcuffed and shackled, I still had some mobility so I got on my hands and knees. I regrettingly dipped my head down and began licking up the beer/piss/cum combination. Luckily, Dwayne had only taken two swigs so it didn't take me long to consume the liquid. I finished in about two minutes, thanks in large part to the decency of my beer choice. Once done, I kept my head down, waiting for Dwayne to tell me what to do next. 

"What are you doing?"

"Waiting."

"Waiting for what?"

"Waiting for your instructions, Dwayne."

"What did you say?"

"Waiting for your instructions."

I looked up, my eyes meeting his throbbing dick. I guess seeing my humiliation had really turned Dwayne on. His pre-cum began dripping off of his dick and pooling on the ground beside my head.

"Excellent response. You're learning. Good. First, lick up that pre-cum then lie down on your back. I'm going to give you a present."

I did as Dwayne said. I gladly (compared to what I had had to drink before) licked up the slightly salty pre-cum then awkwardly flipped over onto my back. Once prone, I looked up to see Dwayne's hanging, throbbing dick. Pre-cum was again beginning to pool on the tip and drip down on me, drop by drop.

"We're going to have a beer together," Dwayne announced. "Like I said, this shit isn't so bad so I want to share it with you."

"Thanks," I said. "How exactly is that going to work out, though?"

"Wait and see," Dwayne said. "Wait and see. First, though, I'll need to take this shirt off. What do you think about that?"

"I think that I'd like that. All I saw of you initially on the app was your chest so I'd love to see it in person."

"Would you? Well, you're about to. Not necessarily because you want to see it but more because it will make our beer sharing exercise much easier." I looked up at him quizzically as he pulled his shirt over his head. As expected, his chest was near perfection, at least in my book. His nipples, heretofore invisible, were dark half-dollars and displayed themselves proudly and erectly. His chest was lightly covered with dark curly hair, particularly in the area below his belly button and above his dick. Seeing his exposed upper body for the first time really solidified why I had been making such a fool of myself. The view justified my actions, even licking the beer off of the floor. I wonder what it would be like to suck those nipples, to nestle myself within his treasure trail, to suck the pre-cum out of his dick. Delicious. 

"What are you thinking about?" Dwayne asked. 

"You. And how I much I want you."

"That's cool. I'm going to give you some soon. But first, our beer." Dwayne positioned himself so that his feet straddled my head. His penis was directly above me. I was still confused how we were going to "share" a beer with me lying on the ground. 

"Open your mouth," Dwayne commanded as he took a swig of beer. I obeyed and looked up as I saw the beer begin to dribble out of his mouth. It passed down his chin, between his pecs and stomach, wet his treasure trail and then flowed down his penis. Once at the head, the beer mixed with the pooling pre-cum before falling three feet onto my lips and into my mouth. 

"How does that taste?"

"Pretty fucking good," I said. 

"That's good to hear. Let me take off the rest of these clothes now." He removed everything, exposing hairy legs and low-hanging balls. God, I wished I hadn't been cuffed so I could do what I wanted to with Dwayne. Alas, I was stuck. I suppose I could have asked permission for removal but my ass still hurt from saying "no" so I didn't want to take any risks. Plus, it got a lot worse than getting beer from a dick fountain. I looked up to see what would happen next.

"Keep it open." Dwayne said as he stuck his right big toe in my mouth. He took another swig of beer and let it drip out again, but this time to the right side. The beer flowed down his neck, wetting his right nipple, torso, leg and foot. The beer flowed into my mouth again, but this time via Dwayne's toe. He then drank and repeated the process on the left. The procedure made both sides of his chest wet and his nipples hard and shiny. I wanted to suck them so badly. They were swollen with liquid and desperately needing nursing. 

Dwayne must have again understood my longing. "Let's switch it up a bit. What do you think?"

"Are you offering me an choice of what I want?"

"Heh, heh. Never. But I've been watching you and I think we may both want the same thing. And, if not, oh well." With me still on the ground and cuffed, Dwayne bent down and placed his knees on the ground on both sides of me. His low-hanging balls now grazed my chest and his dick throbbed with excitement, pooling between my pecs with pre-cum. Glancing up, I could see his dark, erect nipples as he brought the beer to his mouth again.

"Let's try this." Dwayne bent forward so that I could almost suckle his nipples. Holding the beer in his right hand, he slowly poured the liquid over his right nipple. Wet with the liquid, he used his nipple as an avenue to drip the beer into my mouth. His chest was inches away from me. The beer flowed down my throat as he alternated between right and left nipple. Everytime I tried to raise my head to suck, he pulled away. He was apparently intentionally keeping me from nursing him. Yet the beer kept flowing into my mouth.

"Pucker," he commanded. I did as he asked and was rewarded for my obedience. "No sucking," he told me as he grazed first his right nipple, then his left over my lips. I could feel their goodness against me. I was so tempted to open my mouth and pull one in but was scared of the consequences. My ass still hurt from my previous spanking. But resistance was futile. I accepted that I might be punished again for my actions and went forth gladly. The next time his right nipple grazed my lips, I opened up and pulled him inside me. I sucked and bit quickly, knowing I would likely be castigated. I looked up at Dwayne's face and knew that I was right.

"You have an inability to follow simple rules, Rory!" he exclaimed. "I give you what you want and you take advantage. For that, you will pay." 

"But all I did was suck your nipple!"

"Shut the fuck up! I told you no sucking and you did exactly that. Like I said, you'll pay for your disobedience!"

"How..." I attempted to speak but was cut off. Dwayne had retrieved the saturated jockstrap and stuffed it back into my mouth. I attempted to spit it out but was met with duct tape around my head again, sealing it in.

"Mmmm! Mmmm!" I exclaimed as Dwayne flipped me onto my stomach. As the cat food came into view again, I knew that I had gone too far. I was pretty sure what my punishment was going to be and hoped for a modicum of gentleness. I prepared for another spanking by firming my ass up and closing my eyes. 

I began to wince instinctively in anticipation, waiting to be smacked. Instead, I heard Dwayne walking around my kitchen, opening drawers. What was he doing? What was he looking for? I lay pensive as he continued to dig through my kitchen. After a minute or so, he pulled something out of a drawer. I tried to think of what he had taken but I soon felt his left hand push my head against the floor. As I descended into the ground, I heard a cutting noise. He had taken scissors, apparently, but what exactly was he tearing apart? My wondering soon came to a close as I felt the scissor blade graze against my ass. I realized soon enough that he had cut through both my sweatpants and underwear! I now knew what he was planning and squeezed my ass cheeks together in anticipation. He wasn't going to enter without a fight.

"I see what you're doing there, Rory," Dwayne said. "It's not going to work. You're going to be punished for your disobedience whether you like it or not. You can try and resist. Go ahead."

Hah! If Dwayne thought his dick was entering my asshole, he was truly dreaming. Through past lovers, I had learned I was legendarily tight. Remembering my Kegels, I began pulling in around the pubic region. Dwayne would not get through this barrier. His perverted self would have to find another way of getting off. 

His left hand still pushing down on my head, Dwayne used his other hand to take another swig of beer. He swished the beer around in his mouth for a few seconds then spat it out onto his dick. He rubbed the beer/spit combination up and down his shaft and then began to push it against my ass. I was still resisting, though I was becoming curious as to what the "lube" Dwayne had concocted would feel like inside me. I wondered if it would be possible to get tipsy from having alcohol inside your ass. Hmm...

Wham! I felt Dwayne's dick begin to penetrate me. While in thought, I had apparently unwittingly relaxed a bit. I tried to tighten again and resist but I could tell that the head of Dwayne's dick was already inside me. 

"Heh, heh. I told you your attempts to keep me out were futile. Submit to me, Rory. You know you want this dick as much as I want to give it to you."

"Mmmm! Mmmm!" I mumbled as Dwayne pushed himself further inside of me. The beer/spit worked surprisingly well as a lubricant. I could feel his dick stimulating my prostate and I got hard again. By the time Dwayne had inserted himself entirely, the pain I had experienced upon his entry was converting into pleasure. Despite my interest in keeping up the illusion that I wasn't enjoying myself, that facade was becoming more difficult to sustain. 

"Not so bad, huh, Rory?" Dwayne pulled out of me, created his beer/spit combination again and dribbled the liquid slowly onto his dick. He then pushed himself rapidly inside me again. 

"Fuck!" he exclaimed as he began to pump up and down. "This ass is tight, Rory!"

"Mmmm! Mmmm!" I began to moan in pleasure. Dwayne might have been a sick pervert but he definitely knew how to fuck. I could feel his dick move in and out of me as I began to pre-cum. His back-and-forth fucking motions were rubbing my dick against my underwear in a particularly stimulating way. I could feel endorphins being released and had a sense I would probably be able to have an orgasm this way. Waves of pleasure began to wash over me and I stopped resisting Dwayne. I drifted into a rhythmic motion with him and could feel my dick come closer and closer to bursting.

"Fuck, Rory, this ass feels so good right now. You like this dick up inside you?" I nodded my head as my penis continued to rub against my underwear. I could feel cum beginning to fill my dick as it became harder. I was definitely going to ejaculate soon. "Fuck, fuck, fuck! Rory, I'm getting close. I'm getting really close. This tight ass is making me cum! Fuck!" Dwayne continued to pump away furiously and his dick hardened within me. My eyes began to roll back and my lids closed slightly in response to the ecstatic way I was feeling. This was some really, really good sex. Some really, really good...

"Fuck, Rory! I'm about to give you this nut! You want it? You want it?" I nodded and stared back at Dwayne. His face let me know he was enjoying himself just as much as I was. I continued to rock back and forth and knew I was extremely close as well. 

"Fuck! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" Dwayne pulled out of me and began to spray his milk over me. The first stream landed in my hair and face, the second on my upper back, the third on my lower back. Dwayne then re-entered me and I could feel the remainder ooze out into my ass. Dwayne finished ejaculating but remained hard. With him still inside me, I rubbed myself back and forth against the ground until I began to blast cum in my underwear. Stream after stream of semen filled up my briefs. Although I couldn't see it, I knew that my cumshot had been especially intense. Emotionally, I felt absolutely euphoric, as though I were on some type of drug. I completed my orgasm and began to close my eyes.

"You falling asleep there, Rory? Why? Wait a minute - did you cum without my permission? Let me check." Dwayne slipped his hand in my sweatpants and felt how wet and sticky they were. "Bad move, Rory. Bad move. I'll have to teach you a lesson. As punishment, you'll be sleeping right here on the floor tonight, cuffed and stuffed. As for me, I'll take the bed."

Dwayne pulled himself out of me and began to walk to my bedroom. Although it sucked I would have to stay on the ground for the night, I was worn out and still feeling high from my orgasm. I began to close my eyes again, content and curious as to what would occur next with Dwayne.