 I got on the bed first, kneeling down on the mattress and splaying my legs wide open. Seeing me like that, facing him expectantly with my cock arching upwards, made Pete laugh again.

"Bloody hell, mate," he informed me, "you've got the biggest dick I've ever seen – not that I've seen that many, mind!"

I beckoned him to get on the bed with me, and, as he positioned himself in front of me, I noticed how large his feet were. They were a good couple of inches longer than mine; he must have difficulty finding shoes to fit.

To start out with, we knelt down face-to-face with our hard-ons pointing towards each other. Pete's balls were quite large and they hung down low, while his cock was much smaller than mine but in no way any less excited. The head of it had darkened to a deep purple colour and was slick with moisture while the slit was really elongated, splitting the end of it into two distinct lobes. It was quite oddly shaped but attractive in its own way.

He grinned at me as he shuffled towards me: he was enjoying our intimacy as two very dissimilar men and was treating it almost like a game.

When our knees were touching and our erections were reaching forwards to kiss each other, I gently worked the back of my plum-like cock head against the underside of his unusual heart-shaped version. I stimulated him gently where I knew he was most sensitive, enjoying watching as a dribble of clear ooze seeped from his long slit.

Pete, however, seemed rather less than impressed.

"Come on, then, Rob," he urged me, impatiently. "What do two blokes do with two knobs like this? Kind of limits things, doesn't it? Having two cocks, I mean."

I laughed at the absurdity. "Of course not, Pete. The possibilities are almost endless!"

He laughed back. "But they don't exactly fit together, do they? Or is there something I'm missing?"

Almost certainly, I thought. And not just the one thing.

I gripped my own manhood by the shaft and then slowly, giving him ample time to object if he wanted to, put my other hand on Pete's and gently held it.

I made eye contact with him to make sure he was happy for me to hold his penis but he just gawped at me stupidly. Then he grinned like a naughty kid and made a few thrusting motions with his hips, comedically fucking my hand and making his foreskin roll back and forth between my fingers and thumb.

"Is that what you're on about?" he asked. "I can do the same to you, if you like?"

"It gets a lot better than that, Pete," I told him, trying to keep my irritation out of my voice.

I grabbed our cocks more firmly and aligned them together so that their two heads, so different in size and shape, were pressing together. Then I eased my foreskin forwards, first sweeping across my fattened helmet and then rolled it further, until it covered a couple of inches of Pete's smaller bilobed head. I pulled it back, exposing the touching tips of our members again, and then rolled it forwards a second time so that they were covered once more. I did this several times, developing a slow masturbatory action as I used my foreskin to stimulate both our cocks together, easing it backwards and forwards with our organs forming one long, continuous rod.

Pete laughed at the sensation and worked his hips gently back and forth again, this time matching the rhythm of my fingers, and announced that he liked what I was doing.

"It's called docking," I told him. "My foreskin's long enough to wank both our cocks off together."

He laughed again. "That's pretty cool, mate! I had no idea you could do this with two cocks!"

"Like I said, Pete, there are a lot of possibilities."

I pulled my foreskin back again, releasing both our cock heads, and this time angled our shafts upwards against each other, so that the shafts were back-to-back.

"Here's another," I said with a smile. "I think this one's called frottage."

I gripped our two cocks in my outstretched hand and gently worked our separate foreskins up and down at the same time, wanking our two organs as if they were really one much thicker shaft.

He grunted his approval and pushed his crotch as far as he could towards mine, enjoying the sensation of being masturbated alongside another man's larger phallus.

He muttered, "Ah, yeah! That's nice, that is," and I worked my hand a little faster up and down our paired erections.

Then he pushed himself upwards so that, in spite of his cock being much smaller than mine, the tips of our organs were together, back to back with their slits almost touching. That way, our separate foreskins could work together as one, rolling and unrolling across our paired purple heads, looking like some weird double shafted organ, one stem much larger and thicker than the other.

He laughed at the sight of our cocks being masturbated in unison.

"Anyone who says you and me's a couple of wankers, mate – well, they've got a fucking point, haven't they?"

I chuckled at his lame joke and kept jerking our cocks together with my fingers and thumb making an especially large grip.

"Are you enjoying this, Pete?" I asked him with more seriousness as my hand beat us both off.

"Yeah, it's fucking choice," he agreed, working his crotch back and forth with my hand. For all his cock was much smaller than mine, he was very imaginative at finding ways to stimulate it.

I kept wanking us together, my rhythm becoming faster and my grip more firm, and we both pushed our cocks upwards to meet the pumping of my wrist.

"What did you say this is called again, Rob?" he asked, his voice betraying just a hint of breathlessness now that he was getting into having me wank him off.

"Frottage, I think. Some gay guys have sex like this. Those that don't believe in using each other's bums."

"I thought all gay fellas bummed each other, though?" he asked, gently panting as my hand swept up and down our shafts.

"Not all," I informed him. "Some think bums should be just for shitting through. If you ask me, though, Pete, they don't know what they're missing."

He chortled at that as the collective rhythm of our hips working back and forth against the pounding of my fist became faster and harder.

"Me and my brother used to wank off together when I lived at home," he told me through his quickening breaths. "I wish I'd known about this – it would've been great doing it this way!"

I smiled at him, enjoying how the bed was creaking with the rhythm of our thrusting hips and my pumping forearm, and hoping that Mike and Anthony, our colleagues in the next room, wouldn't be able to hear us.

"Have you ever spunked up doing this with another bloke?" he asked.

"No," I admitted. "But it's fun to do it with a friend as part of foreplay."

He nodded and I released us both, quelling his disappointment by telling him I would show him something else.

I lowered my head down towards his erection, its pale shaft looking sore and pink from where I'd gripped it so firmly, and gently applied my lips to the end of it.

After a couple of tentative kisses of its odd-shaped head – during which time I felt I was giving him the chance to pull away from me and tell me that I'd overstepped the mark – I gently licked into the deep valley which cleaved its tip into two parts. Finding it pleasantly flavoursome – having a recessed slit seemed to harbour the rich bite of his precum and testosterone – I took a couple of inches of it into my mouth and gently sucked the steady ooze of juice from its deeply grooved hole.

Only then did Pete seem to grasp the idea of what I was offering to do for him. Without further ado, he grabbed my head firmly and started urgently ramming his cock in and out through my lips. "Ah, yeah, that's more fucking like it!" he growled, thumping his swollen organ back and forth against the back of my mouth.

"Fucking suck me off, Rob!" he commanded, his thick pubic bush slamming in and out of my eyes and nose and his bollocks whacking me against the chin with every rapid thrust.

The bed started rocking with the roughness of his thrusts and he held onto my head like a masturbatory aid, holding it steady while he brutally fucked my slobbering mouth.

I let him pleasure himself for a minute or so, his hard-on slamming in and out of my lips, as I reached behind him and gripped the flexing cheeks of his arse as he bucked his hips frantically back and forth.

He kept muttering, "Ah, yeah! That is nice! That is fucking well nice, mate!" and I hungrily sucked at his organ, swallowing the constant trickle of dribble he was now producing.

When I suspected he might be building towards a climax, I struggled free of his grip and pulled off his curving shaft with a loud, wet slurp.

He grinned at me gormlessly, his wet cock pointing upwards, and I grinned back at him like this was all part of the game.

"I like it best when another bloke does it," he announced.

"You've been sucked off before?" I asked. "By another guy, I mean."

He nodded unashamedly. "A couple of times, yeah. Just lads helping each other out, like."

I wondered if it was as I thought: travelling buddies. Or whether he'd been more adventurous at university than I might have given him credit for.

"Did you ever suck anyone off in return?"

He shook his head. "Naah. The blokes I did it with were happy to... you know... just do me. 'Til I was done."

I smiled and nodded. Probably gay guys who were happy to assist a tall, young straight lad at his time of need.

"Well, there's a lot more than that we can do together."

"Yeah?" he asked brightly.

I raised myself up on my knees and moved in towards him. "This is how some guys like to penetrate other men, Pete," I told him.

I squatted my arsehole over the head of his upright cock and let my own press firmly against his hairy chest. My fat, hairy bollocks – looking far more full and swollen than they had earlier – hung down in front of his wet cock and largely hid it from view, and I put my hands on his shoulders to steady myself.

"You don't mind me showing you this?" I asked him, smiling down him.

He grinned back up at me. "No – of course not! It's interesting... I've never done this with another bloke."

I smiled more broadly at him, and he basked in my approval.

"In this position," I went on, "I'd just lower myself onto your cock..."

I deliberately referred to his own cock: I wanted him to get used to the idea that this was now about him that he might be about to penetrate me as a fellow male.

I pushed myself down so that I could feel the slippery head of his organ pushing against my puffy ring and then lifted myself back up a little.

"This way I could squeeze your nice, hard erection with my arsehole, Pete. Or you could move your hips upwards a bit to work yourself inside me."

He grinned more broadly and jabbed his cock slowly but firmly against my swollen entrance.

"Like this, you mean...?" he asked.

"Exactly, mate. You're a fast learner!"

His eyes widened with gratification on hearing me say that. I suspect no-one had ever said such a thing to him before.

He kept gently pumping himself against me, working himself ever so slightly into my opening, using my spit and the drool from his oozing slit to moisten his way.

"How would you feel, Pete, about being joined to another man like this?"

"Joined?" he asked, not understanding.

"I mean, how would you feel about being connected to another bloke, with your cock pushing up inside his arse?"

"Would it smell of shit?" he asked with some concern. "I wouldn't like that, mate. I hate the smell of shit – it'd make me throw up."

I smiled down at him, amused by the irony of how worried he was given the state he'd let the back of his underwear get into. "It has a smell, but not like that. It's quite an erotic smell once you get you get used to it."

"What sort of smell?" he asked, still apprehensive.

"A sexy smell," I offered, vaguely. "A manly smell. The smell of male-to-male intimacy."

He nodded and seemed a little happier. "In that case, it'd probably be okay. The way you put it – being joined and stuff – sounds kinda weird but it could be cool to find out what it felt like."

I nodded as he slid his bilobed cock head past my puffy ring. He was gently thrusting himself upwards as I eased myself down onto him.

"It's way more than cool, Pete," I told him. "It's incredible!"

He grinned back up at me as his precum-slick organ slid slowly but steadily further up into my rectum.

"How do you think it would feel?" I asked him. "To have your cock pushed right up another guy's arse?"

He grinned more broadly. "Okay, I guess. Maybe a bit like fucking a woman."

"Is that what you'd be thinking of? Imagining me as a woman?"

He laughed at that. "How could I do that, mate, when I've got your big, fat donger poking into my chest!"

"Yeah, and my massive pair of nuts bouncing up and down on your stomach!"

He laughed more loudly and looked down, marvelling, at how well-endowed I was.

Then he had a thought; a rare moment, perhaps, for him.

"I could suck you off while my cock's up your arse!" he declared. "Your knob's so big I could get my mouth around it!

I feigned a gasp of astonishment. "Fucking hell, Pete, so you could! I can't believe you just thought of that! That would be so amazing!"

He grinned at me again like he was proud of himself.

This really was as easy as taking candy from a baby, although far more rewarding.

I grabbed my cock and angled upwards towards his face. Without taking my backside off the tip of his hard-on, my organ was long enough for him to reach by stooping his neck.

"I think you're right," I exclaimed. "I think you really could lick the tip of it."

He leant forwards and cautiously extended his tongue onto inflamed head of my upright erection. He licked it warily at first, as if unsure whether he would like it, and then, gaining in confidence and finding that it was far more pleasant than he expected, became more eager to taste it and started feasting on it hungrily like one would consume a melting ice-cream.

I smiled down at him, directing my large cock upwards into his mouth and enjoying watching him, as a younger man, enthusiastically devouring the ooze from my slit. It was as if I was feeding him, perhaps even nurturing his own virility, by letting him drink at the seeping fluid from my big, swollen manhood.

"That's it, Pete," I said soothingly. "Lick the dribble from my cock. Drink it down."

He giggled as he nourished himself, lapping at my precum like a cat luxuriating in a saucer of cream.

Then he looked up at me, grinning again, and I had the impression, for the second time, that for him this was like a game. If it was, I was more than willing to play along.

"Are you sure you've never done this before?" I asked with feigned incredulity. "You seem such a natural."

"No," he shrugged. "When I've done my girlfriend like this, I wouldn't have thought of doing anything like this to her. I mean, she hasn't got a cock, so I wouldn't have thought of sucking her off."

"Oh, right," I said flatly.

How else could one respond to such an observation?

I pulled myself off his cock with a small slurp from my distended hole and told him I wanted to show him something else. I asked him to turn around so that his back was facing me and then shuffled up behind him so that my cock was jabbing between his buttocks.

"This is my favourite position," I told him.

"When I was at school," he said, bending forwards compliantly to allow me better access to his arse-crack, "when two lads were secretly doing this, we used to say they were pegging each other."

I smiled at the use of an innocent-sounding term for such an intensely intimate act between males. It was the sort of word I could imagine my son Jake using in his early teens when he had a mate to stay over; one which sounded innocuous but would niggle afterwards as to its actual meaning. ("Would you two boys keep the noise down and get some sleep?" "But dad, we're just taking turns at pegging!" "Well do it more quietly!")

"Did you ever get pegged yourself?" I asked Pete, pushing my hand between the splayed cheeks of his bum and greatly enjoying the coarse, moist hairiness within.

"No," he answered, pushing his backside further out towards me, apparently intrigued by the sensation of having someone fondling his arse-crack. "But a lad in my class used to let some of my mates do it to him round the back of the school kitchens. He'd bend over and they'd peg him one by one through their flies."

I smiled, wishing that 'pegging' had been so popular in my school.

"Weren't you ever tempted to join in?" I asked, running my fingers up and down his cleft and appreciating the raised pucker of his opening every time I passed it.

"Naah," he said. "I thought it would stink of shit. I've told you I can't stand that."

I chuckled. "Well, I told you it doesn't. And you can trust me because I'm an expert."

"My mates said it did and I believed them. I must have been a bit stupid back then."

Unable to stop myself from smiling, I extended my middle finger towards his sticky, wrinkled anus and gently circled the tightly clamped muscle with the tip of it.

"So this is a virgin arse you've got here, then, Pete? Totally... er... unpegged?"

He chuckled at that. "I suppose so. Wouldn't have ever thought of an arse as being virgin, mind."

I gently pressed my outstretched finger against his clenched entrance and felt it yield to the pressure. I slid into him up to the first knuckle, marvelling at how hot and sticky he was up inside his bum. 

He gasped and then turned to grin at me over his shoulder. I pushed myself a little further into him and he laughed, "Never had anyone finger me – well, not this way!"

My cock was really throbbing now and precum was oozing from its fat, purple head. I wanted to rut with him and feel his tight, wet bowels squeezing at my cock. I wanted to hear him grunting as I pounded his straining hole and for the room to stink so strongly of our exertions that whoever changed the sheets in the morning would be in no doubt how the two male occupants had been entertaining each other in the small hours of the night.

"I suppose you want to keep your bum that way?" I asked. "Virgin, I mean?"

He shrugged and turned to face forwards again. "Not especially. I mean, I never thought of it as being virgin before, so it won't bother me if it isn't any more!"

I eased my finger a little deeper into him, feeling the muscles of his rectum squeeze around it and smelling his pungent anal scent more strongly than I had earlier.

"So you wouldn't mind having another guy pegging your bum?"

He shrugged again. "I don't think I'd like it, but I wouldn't mind... you know... giving it a go to see what it was like."

"We could maybe do a little deal with each other," I suggested, choosing my words carefully.

"Yeah, that's what I was thinking," he said, as my finger teased gently in and out of his opening. "I thought you might... you know... wanna wank me off with your arse like you said you could. And then maybe I could try and do the same for you."

"You'd be up for us doing that?" I asked.

He shrugged like it was no big deal. This was easier than I might have ventured even at my most optimistic.

"Like you said, Rob, it's just sex. It's just two blokes helping each other out when there's no women around."

"By taking it turns to bugger each other," I clarified.

He turned to look at me over his shoulder and threw me a deliciously mischievous smirk.

"Exactly!"

I pulled out of him and almost winced as an intense waft of his bracingly sharp bum-stink hit me from what was smeared along my finger.

Undeterred, though, I shuffled a little closer to him and pressed the large head of my cock against his loosened ring. I wrapped my arms around him and groped for his erection, taking up a slow, gentle rhythm on it as I pushed my organ against his rump. With the other I fondled his heavy, dangling bollocks, kneading them between my fingers and enjoying the silky smoothness of his hairy scrotum.
