 It was a sweltering sun-drenched summer day. You could smell the heat. The pale blue sky was hazy from the humid air.

Lounging in my hammock under the shade trees in the back yard seemed liked a good idea earlier on. Now without the morning breeze it was getting a bit uncomfortable.  I was just admiring my new stockade privacy fence. When Sam, our neighbor’s eldest son came up and asked if it was ok to cut the grass. Sure I said without thinking. 

Sam was always friendly towards me. We would talk for hours and joke a lot. He told me about college and what he liked about his classes and what he didn’t like about dorm life. He never mentioned co-eds or that he was dating or not. He mostly talked about his classes. Too busy studying to date I assumed.

Looking up just for a minute I watched Sam get the mower out and start it up. He managed to start with just one pull on the cord. It took me at least two. I watched him take his shirt off. He was a good-looking young man, great abs, well-defined biceps, fine muscle tone and very athletic looking. Judging by the bulge in his skimpy shorts well endowed. He must be working out at the gym, I thought.

Sam was somewhere between legal age and 25. Tall, blue eyed, and good looking, an Adonis. He had a confidence that you could feel.  Making him seem a bit aloof. Not snobbish more like a loner. He kept to himself a lot. 

This young man was beautiful and I found myself wanting him. The more I watched him move around the yard. The hornier I became. And to make matters more interesting. I was getting a raging hard on. Which was very noticeable since I was wearing just my terri cloth shorts. But I didn’t make any move to conceal myself. I was hoping he would notice. 

Sam you can let the rest of the yard work go until the sun goes down. It will be cooler then. 

That’s all right Mr. Dave, there isn’t much more to do. 

As long as you’re convertible with it; that’s fine with me.

No problem, you look pretty cozy in that hammock Mr. Dave. He replied.

Yeah, it’s nice and cozy here but a bit lonely. 

I couldn’t believe I said that. Here I was inviting this gorgeous hard body to join me in the hammock. And hoping that he would.

A few minutes later Sam finished up and came over and sat in the chair next to the hammock. We made small talk and Sam kept looking at my hard and barely covered cock. Moving my hips slightly to give him a better look, I saw him lick his lips. Wouldn’t you love to suck it, I thought? 

Sam continued to squirm as we talked. And when I looked at his crotch I realized why. His cock was now hard and poking out the leg of his shorts. From where I was in the hammock his cock looked like it was 9 or 10 inches long and thick. He was circumcised and the head had a nice arrow shape to it with a purplish tint. Finally voicing what we both were feeling I asked him if he would like to stretch out in the hammock with me.

His eyes brightened and smiling he just about dove to the hammock eager with anticipation and lust. Just the way I like them. 

We quickly got to business. I wanted him badly and, so after a very hot and passionate kiss I quickly moved to his nipples, which were already hard. I bit one and started sucking it. Sam responded with a passionate tug on my cock. Stroking me as I devoured his beautiful nipples. Moving down his torso I reached his hard cock. Grabbing his balls I gave them a not so gently squeeze. Then I hungrily swallowed his cock. Sliding my mouth down as far as I could. Deep throating his blood engorged member, until I gagged. Backing off a bit I started to slide my mouth up and down his cock. Letting my tongue slide around his head and pee hole. I was going pretty fast now. Wanting to make Sam cum quickly so I could devour his hot sticky seed.  Holding my head in his hands Sam began to pump his hips. Thrusting his cock into my mouth as fast as he could, I knew he would explode any second. Then he stopped and pulled my mouth off his trembling cock. 

Let’s sixty-nine, I want to swallow your cum as you swallow mine. He breathed heavily.

Smiling I got up and lay down so he could get at my swollen cock. Now dripping with pre cum. As he slid his mouth over the head and let his lips slid down my thick eight inch shaft I thought I would cum before was even half way down my cock. His mouth was so hot and wonderful. It was heaven. He was good. He knew exactly how to make my cock twitch. Sliding his tongue around the head then moving down to my balls. Lapping and sucking one then the other. Going back to the head gently nibbling then covering it with his lips and mouth.

I returned my attention to his incredible rigid member. Trying to keep pace with Sam as he sucked me. I slid my tongue along his shaft down to his balls while I fingered his anus. I inserted a second finger and started a good in and out motion. Sliding them in to the third knuckle. Sam moaned loudly as I continued to finger fuck his ass.

Suddenly I realized I was pumping my cock furiously into Sam’s gorgeous mouth. Grabbing my ass with both hands and squeezing he continued to provide plenty of suction for me. 

I started to feel a tingling in my balls. Knowing I was about to shoot my load. I started humping Sam’s cock faster. I wanted him to cum when I did. My cock was swelling getting ready to fire its projectile of hot fluid down his throat. Trying not to cum too soon I slowed my hip pumping and began to slide my mouth up and down his shaft faster and faster. I was in a sucking frenzy now and wouldn’t stop until I had his sex rod shooting its steamy treasure into my mouth. I wanted his cum now. My hips jerked uncontrollably driving my cock down Sam’s throat. The first salvo went flying into his mouth and down his throat. Then Sam pushed his hips up into my face. Grabbing his hard ass checks I buried my nose in his pubic hair. I could feel his cock jerk and spasm spurting his cum into my mouth and down my throat then a second jerk and spasm more cum and then more. He continued to cum for minutes it seemed. While I delivered the same amount into his mouth and throat. 

We thrashed and moaned and filled each other with hot sweet cum. Sam’s cum filled my mouth making it difficult to swallow quickly. But swallow I did. I wanted every drop. We continued sucking and humping trying to give the other as much cum as possible. I didn’t want to stop sucking Sam’s beautiful cock. It felt so good in my mouth. Once our orgasms subsided we laid there a while, not moving, trying to recover from our passionate and hot suck fest. Exhausted, drenched in sweat, our cocks deflating. I got up then lay next to Sam on the hammock. Wrapping his arms around me we kissed. We stayed like that for several minutes, not talking just holding each other. Blissfully enjoying the moment.

That was very satisfying I said, turning to look at Sam.

Sure was, I guess I was hornier than I thought, Sam replied.  By the way how did you know I was gay? 

I didn’t. I replied. 

This is going to be a fun summer Sam said laughing.

And a hot one too I said smiling.