 Chapter One

It was a Thursday night in the middle of the winter and, as usual, I was hunting for a man on my phone. I had an unconquerable desire to kiss, suck some dick, and possibly get fucked. An overactive libido was pushing me to reach out to men for sex, despite the chill outside. I expected to derive no results but persisted anyway, lining up the potential porn I would jack off to if my search proved fruitless.

My general strategy was to cast a wide net, hitting up men whom some might regard as out of my league. But I figured apps were like archery. Shoot enough arrows and one had to hit the general target, if not the bullseye. I had been on the site long enough to know that this strategy was a relatively effective one. I wasn't really that picky when it came to who I ended up with, especially if only kissing and oral were involved.

I had probably hit up 20 men when I came upon a newly-posted profile that showed a shirtless man reclining with only his chest visible. His skin was a cappuccino color and the nipples were dark, large and erect. I could see an abundance of hair flowing from his armpits as well as the waist of his pants. Delicious. I wanted him. As I wrote, "Hey there!", I became hard and started to precum. I really hoped he would respond and knew I would have to block him if he didn't. I wouldn't be able to handle continuously seeing those swollen nipples day in and day out without either possessing or erasing them.

Unsurprisingly, I didn't get an immediate response. What a fucking shame. I did, however, receive one from someone else whose profile mentioned a desire to fuck man pussy. I always got a surprising rise from men who were verbal, though I did object from assholes being compared to vaginas. Whatever. Beggars can't be choosers.

Once I responded, an immediate onslaught began from his side that let me know I could have him if I wanted, provided he didn't flake. Although I have an dominant personality in life, I tend to be submissive in bed and he seemed to be aware of that and was saying all the right things.

I was precumming hard and being pulled in when the guitar sound strummed, indicating a new message. I pressed the relevant icon and discovered that my first choice had responded back to me. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. I had to handle this one delicately because I really, really, really wanted him. I felt dizzy with desire as I read "Sup?" in my inbox. While I knew many were annoyed with this greeting, I always found its casual bro-ness attractive. Granted, it didn't exactly indicate intellect or the ability to effectively converse but I wasn't necessarily hunting for Mensa members that day. Besides, I had found in the past that, while I loved chatting via the app, some men preferred to talk in person.

Ugh. How was I going to rope him in? Even though I had been cruising online for two years, I hadn't quite mastered the balance of how to get a man I really wanted into my lair. Some were turned off when you got too sexual, whereas others became peeved if you weren't direct enough. I never knew which way to go so I usually opted for the circumventive, "let's chat about what I made for dinner" approach. It felt easier to let the other person make the first move this way, plus I could gauge whether they were worth chatting with pre- and/or post-coitus.

Meanwhile, Choice Two was blowing up my inbox. I didn't want to lose him completely, especially after seeing his member and reading the continuous "dom top" speak. However, I really wanted to focus on Choice One. I knew sex with him would be better if I could snag him in my web. But how? Errgghh.

"Looks like you really don't want this massive cock shoved deep inside you, huh?" Choice Two wrote.

"I do, I do," I responded, "but to be perfectly honest, my grandmother just called me. I declined it but she's 90 so I need to get back to her. I'll favorite you, though, and get back to you."

"Gotcha, stud. Just make sure you keep that pussy nice and tight for Daddy, OK?"

"Will do," I said, sending one of those kissy emojis before refocusing my nascent efforts on Choice One.

Hmmm...sup. How to respond to that? I suppose it would be annoying to ask if the statement was intended to be interrogative (though that is a bit how I felt). Then again, would "Sup?" with a question mark have elicited the same fratty tone? I doubted it. Regardless, I had to craft an answer. His profile was totally blank apart from statistics. To achieve something acceptable, I would have to go either casual or sexual, or casual then sexual. Given the "Sup" response, I opted for choice two.

"Your dick will be if you wander over here," I responded.

"Oh really," he (I think) asked.

"Yeah. My oral skills are legendary."

"That's what's up."

"As up as your cum fountain will be once I've finished with you."

Kind of lame but workable.

"Nice. Nice. Where you at?"

"Ocean Park. You?"

"Close by. Send your location."

"Maybe," I said, "Any other pics?" I sent my usual body, dick, ass and hole pics to him, assuming reciprocity.

"I'm a private guy," he answered. "But I guarantee I'm hot."

Hmm...not even a face pic after I had sent him four of me! Suspicious. Still, the hairy armpits and treasure trail and those nipples were calling out to me. Plus it was a cold Thursday night. I would have to take a risk. This could be the last serious guy of the night and I would far rather cum on him than on myself again.

"Gotcha," I said. "I think I'll take your word for it. Ok. Text me and I'll send you my address."

"Not ready to exchange numbers yet."

Really? Really? Ugghhh.

"Do you mind if I ask why?" I asked. "This isn't the most predictable app. I prefer texting. I find it prevents people from flaking out."

"Like I said, I'm a private guy. I'll definitely come through, though. I promise, Rory."

"Hold up. How do you know my name? It isn't in my profile anywhere."

"You'll find out once I get there."

Creepy. So this was someone I probably knew. Or at least someone who knew of me. I stared at his profile pic again. I would have remembered that chest had I seen it in person. Especially those nipples. So yummy. Arrgghhh. My horniness was taking over my inhibitions. I knew it could be a bad idea but I typed in my address.

"I'll be there in 15. Be clean."

"This isn't my first time at the rodeo. I know how to take a dick."

"Just making sure."

Fifteen minutes didn't give me a lot of time to get ready so I immediately started doing what bottoms do so that tops can do what they do. I normally played games on my phone when I cleaned but this time I found I couldn't concentrate. Who was this person coming over? Where did I knew them from? Would I even been attracted to them? I think I knew the answer to the third question but the first two remained mysteries. I would just have to wait to find out. That is, if this dude even showed up.

Five minutes later, I was finished and making my bed when the app strummed.

"Here."

I headed to the door and opened it. I was shocked to find out it was Dwayne, one of the employees I supervised at work!

"Oh my fucking God, Dwayne! What?"

"Sup," he said.

"'Sup' is that you have a wife and a five-year-old, Dwayne! And we work together! And I'm your boss! This has "wrong" written all over it. Not to mention "homewrecker" and "conflict of interest."

"I say we fuck anyway," Dwayne answered back. "Or you can at least let me in to pee."

"I can accommodate the second request but then you have to go home. I knew I should have gotten your face pic first!"

"Well, I'm here now. Where's the bathroom?"

"Oh, right. In the back to the left of the bedroom."

"Cool."

He wandered to the back of my apartment as I sat down on my couch. Dwayne Smith was totally DL! I would have never suspected it. I had never met his wife but his son, Jackson, was really cute, well-dressed, and well-behaved. What was Dwayne thinking hitting me up? My face picture was totally visible on the app so he knew what he was doing. We would both be risking our jobs if we fucked not to mention the optics would be horrendous if this ever got out. Thank God I had a modicum of self-control when it came to controlling my libido. I had never fucked anyone at work and wasn't about to start doing so now, especially since I had recently been promoted to a supervisory role.

"Rory! Rory! Can you come back here? I need your help." Dwayne yelled from the back of the apartment.

"What the fuck do you need help with? Finding your dick? I have a hard time believing that, given where we met! Just pee and go!"

"Rory, I'm serious. Please come back here."

"Ughh. Fine, I'm coming."

I groaned as I walked back to the bathroom, the door of which was slightly ajar. I opened it up but was surprised to find it empty.

"Dwayne! Where are you? This shit isn't funny!"

"Ha! Gotcha!" Dwayne yelled as he came up from behind me and pulled my arms quickly behind my back.

"What the fuck?" I yelled as he attached handcuffs to my wrists. I began to run out of the bathroom but Dwayne pushed me back in and into the wall. He was significantly stronger than me but I attempted to put up as much resistance as possible.

"You will pay for this shit, Dwayne!" I screamed as he cuffed my ankles together as well.

"What the fuck is wrong with y..." I tried to shout but Dwayne pushed something into my mouth and wrapped duct tape around my head.

"Mmmm! Mmmm! Mmmm!" I attempted to speak but was obviously having no luck. Dwayne pushed my head into the bathroom wall again and began whispering into my ear.

"I'm not paying for anything I do to you, Rory," he said. "So shut the fuck up and listen to me. From here on out, I control you. I've wanted you for years and now I'm going to have you any way I want to. You'll have no say or option and you won't be able to complain to anyone. Or I'll send the four pics you sent me to the entire staff. I'm guessing they won't enjoy your asshole pic as much as I did."

I tried to yell "Fuck you" but, of course, couldn't because of the object stuffed inside my mouth. What was it anyway?

Clairvoyantly, Dwayne answered. "Oh that. Just an old jock strap of mine. I figured you'd get something from that. See, Rory, I'm going to control you but I'm going to allow you a bit of pleasure too. Well, let's hope you derive pleasure from what I give you because if you don't, it's not like I'm going to do anything differently..."

Dwayne kept speaking but I became distracted once I began truly smelling the object inside my mouth. It reeked of sweat, piss, and cum. Gross, I thought. When was the last time Dwayne actually washed this? How many times had he worn it in this condition?

My mind drifted to the jock strap on Dwayne's body, beneath his chest and erect nipples, pubic hair sticking out of it. Even though I didn't necessarily want to, I began to get hard thinking about Dwayne. Fuck. Well, I did have to admit he was pretty hot. And, truthfully, I had fantasized about fucking him a few times. I would have never imagined he felt the same way about me. Or would have gone to such lengths to possess me. It was actually pretty erotic now that I thought about it.

Just as I began to feel pre-cum slipping out of my penis, Dwayne ripped me out of my reverie by grabbing onto my hair and pulling my head back. With his knee in my back, he pulled me into an arch so that his face was directly above mine.

"What the fuck are you thinking, Rory?" he asked. And, all of a sudden, a big glob of spit flew from his mouth onto my face. "You like that, huh? You like it when I treat you like shit?!"

My dick became harder in my pants and pre-cum continued to pour out, staining my underwear. I actually was surprisingly into this. And, even though I didn't want to be Dwayne's "side chick," I had even less interest in have my ass and dick pictures circulated among the staff. Fuck. I would have to succumb to Dwayne and do what he wanted.

"I didn't get the answer to my question! Do you like it when I treat you like shit?!"

I nodded as he spat on my face again.

"The first way you're going to be useful to me, Rory, is by letting me use you as a urinal. Like I told you before, I have to pee. And I don't really feel like using the toilet. So I'm going to use you. I'll give you two options. Nod your head once for the first one and twice for the second. Got it? Yes or no?"

Wait? What? Watersports? I hadn't signed up for this.

"I piss on you or the pictures circulate, Rory! Understand?! Yes or no?!"

I nodded my head once.

"Good. So, first question. Do you want me to piss in your mouth or on your body?

I nodded my head twice.

"Second question. Do you want me to piss on you with your clothes on or off?

I nodded my head twice again.

"Ok, great. So I'm going to piss in your mouth and you're going to keep your clothes on. Dumb choices in my opinion but I've got to honor them!"

What the fuck? This was going to be disgusting. Not only was I going to have urine in my mouth but the runoff would inundate my sweatshirt and sweatpants. Nasty. Dwayne really was a sick fuck. I think he could tell what I was thinking because he got a devilish glint in his eyes. He approached and began pushing me toward the bathtub.

"Get the fuck in there!" he said as he picked me up and placed me inside.

"On your fucking knees, dumb fuck!" He put his hand on my head and began pushing down so I had little choice but to kneel.

"Good boy! Now it's time to let 'er rip!" I watched as Dwayne opened the zipper of his pants. His half-erect dick fell out and bounced back up, the head glistening with pre-cum. Fuck. That shit was hot. I became erect just looking at it. Dwayne gave me that devilish glint again and warm piss began flowing from his penis onto the duct tape and jockstrap in my mouth. I felt my body began to heat up as the urine dripped down, soaking my sweatshirt and penetrating through to my skin.

"Hell yeah," Dwayne said as the piss continued to come out and cover my face. "Hell yeah."

The urine kept getting my sweatshirt, pants and skin wetter and wetter. Despite the dankness of the scene, I couldn't help but stay hard. Dwayne was clearly thrilled to be using me as his piss pot and, I had to admit, the moment had become quite erotic. It became even more so when he finished peeing and started to gain a full erection. Precum again glistened on the head of his dick and began dripping down the shaft. He stepped into the tub and began rubbing his penis on my face. The view from my kneeling position was incredible. His dick was bulging and the precum kept running out from the head, dripping down and covering my face in the semi-sticky substance.

"Fuck," said Dwayne as he continued to rub his dick back and forth across my face. "I'm close." He began stroking his dick up and down with both hands. I watched from my semi-recumbent position as his two hands moved more and more rapidly.

"Fuck. I'm about to nut. You want this shit, Rory? You want me to bust all over you?!"

I nodded my head once as thick, white semen began pouring forth from Dwayne's penis. It cascaded over my head and hit the back of the bathtub wall. The cum continued to flow, eventually covering my face and hair in fluid.

"Fuck yeah. Fuck yeah, Rory!" Dwayne exclaimed as the final streams emerged from his dick.

Fuck yeah, indeed. I was shakingly hard in my pants and my precum continued to spew from my own penis. Even though Dwayne was a nasty pervert, I had to admit I was enjoying myself thoroughly. I couldn't wait for what came next.