 *********Everyone in this story is fiction and are over the age of 18********

The sun was barely rising when I heard my father's knock on my door. I rolled over and opened my eyes and yelled out a raspy, "I'm awake"

He simply replied with an, "Okay, breakfast is being made."

I pulled the sheet over my head to cover the sunlight and closed my eyes. I remained like this for a couple of minutes before I decided to finally get out of bed. I wore only a grey t-shirt with black briefs. I stood up, stretched then headed to the bathroom to shower. 

When I was done showering I stepped out and began to shave. I looked at myself in the mirror wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around my waist. I stood at 5 foot 6 inches tall with pale skin and a thin frame. My hair was black and short and my face was now cleanly shaven.

I went back into my room, took the towel off and began to put on my work clothes. Which comprised of grey cargo pants, the company's work shirt, and company hat. I worked for my dad, who owned a yard cleaning service. Also, we just added painting houses to our services. His father, my grandfather, started the business, then he stepped down and let my dad take over. With hopes that I would eventually take it over. My father had told me that I didn't have to if I didn't want to if I had something else planned that he would support me no matter what. 

I jogged down the stairs to meet my mom and dad. My mother had made us breakfast and coffee before she left for work. She was a paralegal for a law firm in Glendale. I sat down at the table and was met by a kiss from my mother who was passing by. "Have fun at work, my boys," she said. 

She gave my father a kiss and then left.

My father and I ate and soon left for work. 

After a 30 minute drive, we arrived at this beautiful house in the suburbs of Northern Los Angeles. This client was a new one so we both had never been here before. At the same time, we both stepped out of the truck and walked down the pathway to the porch. It was a really nice house, two stories. The walls were teal color and had very large windows. It looked like it was very big inside. 

A few seconds after my father rang the bell, the front door and there stood a woman nearly the same age as my father. She had red shoulder length hair and wore a light blue blouse and charcoal grey dress pants. 

"Oh, hello there," she said in her soft voice. "You must be the workers from Collin's Yard Services?"

"Yard and Painting services," my father corrected.

"Oh, I'm sorry," she said with a soft laugh. 

"It's not an issue, we are still getting the word out. This is my son, Joshua."

I put my hand out and shook the lady's hand, "My name is Dorothy," she said.

After we greeted she took us out back to her yard and showed us what was needed to be done. She had several semi-tall trees in the yard that needed to be cut short and some hedges as well. It seemed to be a simple morning job. She had told us that her husband normally does this but he was out of the country for work. 

My father and I quickly got to work. I began trimming the hedges by the wall of the house while my father took care of the trees. As I moved down the hedges, I noticed there was an open window. I did my best to not look inside but I caught a glimpse of something amazing. There was a young guy lying face down on his bed only in his baby blue boxer briefs. He seemed to still be asleep. I continued to cut the hedge while occasionally taking a peak of the beautiful sight. He was thin with light skin and his shoulders looked like they were well built. 

As I continued, to do this, I looked down at his ass and saw it was nicely shaped, like a peach. I then began to feel my member grow in my pants. I looked over to father and saw he was still distracted by the tree. Dorothy was inside the house so I was in the clear to keep looking. 

Unfortunately, after about a minute, my sightseeing was cut short when I heard the door to the bedroom open and Dorothy spoke to the young man. I quickly turn my head down at the hedge and simply listened. She was telling him to get up and that she would be leaving soon. That he needed to be up for the yard workers. He told her okay. And from the corner of my eye, I saw him sit up in his bed and reach for a pack of cigarettes and was about to light one when she yelled at him, "Matthew, what have I told you about smoking in the house?"

He grunted, "Fine, I'll go outside." 

She closed the door and he sat up to stretch, he bent over forward giving a nice shot of his ass. I kept looking down and moved down the hedge. The door next to me opened and there he stood with a cigarette in mouth and only wearing his underwear. He leaned against the door frame and spoke to me, "You're a bit young aren't you?"

I looked up at him nervously giving me a better look at his face. He had some facial hair and it was clear he had just shaven a couple of days ago. His hair was red and shaggy and had bushy eyebrows as well. He had very little chest hair and clearly looked to be in his early to mid-twenties. He reminded me of the actor KJ Apa.

I finally gave him an answer, "Yeah, 19."

"That's cool, I hope you don't mind," he gestured to his cigarette.

I shook my head and continued to work on the hedge. I did my best to hold my waist against the hedge so he wouldn't see my erection. 

"So how long you been working for this company?" he said letting out smoke from his nose.

"For a year and a half now. My father hired me after graduation."

"Oh, so it's a family business?" 

"Yeah, my last name is in the company name."

"That's pretty cool."

Our conversation was cut short when he heard his phone ring, he excused himself and went back into his room to answer the call. I let out a sigh of relief and went back to work. I honestly felt he was going to see my erection in my pants. The last thing I needed was for him to complain to his mom and have this on our Yelp page. 

It was 10:30 when we finished. The trees were cut short, the lawn and hedges were tended too and we had just finished cleaning the yard. Dorothy had left about an hour ago and it was only Matthew at the house. Who had already showered and was now on the deck smoking while on his phone. My father handed me a bottle of water while he went to put the lawnmower away. 

I gulped down the bottle of water and sat down on the cement. That was when I felt someone standing next to me, I turned and looked up to see Matthew. He wore red shorts with a black shirt. "You guys did a great job," he commented.

"Thanks," I turned my head to the cut trees, trying to avoid eye contact. 

He took a puff from his cigarette then sat down next to me, he offered me a cigarette but I declined. It wasn't my thing, to be honest. "You know, I left a nice review on your Yelp page."

"Thank you. But you didn't have to," I said cracking a small smile.

"No, I had to. Got to give credit where credit is due," he chuckled. He took another puff, inhaled then let out the smoke, "I noticed you guys also paint."

"We do, do you need something to be painted?"

He nodded, "Yeah, my room. I was going to do it myself but since you guys are already here, I don't see why you guys couldn't do it now."

"I'm sorry, but you have to make an appointment for that. We have other clients today."

"Ah, I see, alright. So when can you guys do it?"

That was when my father walked back into the yard, "Hello there," my father said to Matthew. 

"How are you doing, Mr. Collins? I was just talking to your boy about a possible job."

"Oh?" my father said with a raised brow.

"Yeah, was asking him if you guys could paint my room. I already have the paint."

"We can do that, but you..."

Matthew cut off my father, "have to make an appointment. He told me, was asking when.

My father took out his client journal and began to look through it, "Actually, the next job is a simple mowing of the lawn and a yard cleaning. I could do that while Joshua here paints your room?"

It wasn't surprising that my father gave out that idea. We had done it before, he would leave me at a place doing work while he went to do another job. With the job set, I helped my father put in the rest of the stuff into the truck. Before he left he told me to be careful. I felt in the pit of my stomach, nervousness, not because I was doing a job alone, but that I was going to be with Matthew alone. 

I sighed and went back into the house. Matthew brought me to his room and showed me to the paint cans. Everything in his room except for his bed and television was covered by sheets. He lied down his bed and tended to his phone while I got to work. 

About an hour later, I had finished the first coating of the four walls and ceiling. I was a bit beat, to be honest. I turned around and saw Matthew sitting on the edge of his bed. He looked up from his phone and said, "You want a soda? My treat."

"Sure, thank you."

"No, problem," he stood up and left the room. After a minute he came back into the room with two sodas in hand. He handed me one then spoke, "Here, sit on my bed, relax. Let the paint dry."

I grabbed the soda and sat down on his bed. Matthew leaned against the wall for a second before quickly stepping away. "Fuck, I'm sorry. I forgot."

He had paint on his left shoulder and continued to curse. Next, he removed his shirt which caused me to look away. He then turned to me and said, "It's okay man, you don't have to turn away. We're both dudes." he joked. He walked in front of me to his drawer and pulled out a clean shirt and threw it on. 

"I'm sorry about that," he added. 

"No problem, I'll fix it when I do the second coat."

He sat down next to me and lit another cigarette. "Yeah, thanks. I am sorry."

"No worries man, it was an accident."

"So, what do you like to do? Do you like play video games or stuff?"

His text tone rang and he bent forward to reach it on the desk. I looked down a bit to see the waistband of his underwear. Sitting back up, he began responding to the text while I spoke. "Yeah, I play mostly FPS games."

"Like COD or Halo?"

I nodded. 

"I am a COD fan myself."

We continued to talk about games and then suddenly his voice trailed off. I heard him mutter under his breath, "Fuck, that is hot."

Curiously, I asked, "What you say?"

He quickly put his phone down on his lap and turned to me, "Oh, that um, it's kinda hot ain't it?"

It was warm at most, but not hot. I guessed he received a nude photo or something like that. I simply agreed with him and took a sip from my soda. When I turned over to look at him, I saw him adjust himself in his bed and saw a lump in his shorts. I gulped and knew it was an erection. The image of him lying down on his bed popped back into my mind and my erection once again began to grow. This time it was going to be more noticeable. I placed my left hand on my thigh to try to cover my erection. 

I heard him whisper, "Fuck, that looks good."

"What looks good?" I asked instinctively. 

He turned to me while pulling his phone away, "Nothing, just." then he paused, "Eh fuck it, we're both dudes." He pulled out his phone and showed the picture on his phone. It was a naked selfie of a girl blonde girl with one of her fingers in her vagina. Although I was gay, I pretend to be straight and answered, "Oh, she looks good."

"Be careful, kid, she's my girl."

"Then why do you show me her?"

"Because I am rocked hard and I kinda want to jerk off. She's currently visiting her family in Nebraska."

I personally wasn't against him jerking off in front of me but I really wanted to suck his cock off. Maybe I could ask him instead of jerking off I could suck him, but at the same time, I was worried that he might get offended and call my dad. However, he did seem like a chill dude maybe he wouldn't do that, maybe he would just be grossed out and decline me. I mean he showed me a nude of his girlfriend, so he couldn't be that bad. Right? 

I sighed then spoke, "I can leave if you want to jerk off."

"Really?" he said then added, "No, I think that would be rather rude."

"Or," I began to say. My heart was beating fast and I almost stuttered out what I was 

going to say, "Or, I can suck your dick." 

He snapped his head at me with a shocked look on his face. I wasn't sure if he was angry. "Wait, you're gay?"

"Yeah," I muttered out.

"I've never had a guy suck my dick before."

"I've been told it's the same as a woman giving head. I had one guy tell me that I sucked better than his girlfriend."

"Bullshit," he spat out.

"Why would it be bullshit? A woman's mouth isn't any different from a man's. If anything, a man knows how to suck a dick better. Since he knows his own pleasure spots." I wasn't sure where all this confidence was coming from but I was thankful for it. 

He took a short pause before answering, "You bring up a good point," he said rubbing his member. He looked down at his erection pressing against his shorts then looked up at me, "Alright, I'll take you up on your offer. Let's see if you can make me cum."

He pulled down his shorts just a bit to reveal his red boxer briefs. I bent over and began 

to rub his erection through the fabric. It looked long and thick, probably the biggest I had seen. My fingers slipped under the waistband of his underwear and pulled them down. There it was, his monster cock, just lying there on his thigh. It was 8 inches, maybe 9 and was thick and veiny. I grabbed the cut member with my right hand and brought it towards my mouth. I noticed a bead of precum coming out of his pee hole. I licked it off and Matthew shuddered. I gave it a few more licks. Licking the head then the shaft. 

I stroked him for a bit before taking it into my mouth. Slowly I moved my head up and down while my right hand stroked his shaft. I couldn't take the beast all the way down because I still wasn't good at deepthroating, but I did my best to do so. 

Matthew began to let out a series of "oohs" and "ahs" as I continued to suck on his member. 

My right hand let go of his shaft and moved down to his balls and began to play with them. As I moved up and down his long shaft, my lips were gripped on his shaft with my tongue lathering the underside. 

I heard Matthew say, "Alright, you're kinda right. You're pretty good too."

I didn't answer him I just continued to suck on his member. 

After a short while, I took out his cock from my mouth and sat up. I rubbed my jaw with hand and turned to him, "Sorry, I'm not used to a cock like yours."

Matthew smiled, "No problem, you're doing a great job."

When I felt ready, I told him, "Hey, can you stand up?"

He complied and stood up before me, I grabbed his member and quickly got back to sucking. My hands were on his thighs and slowly moved up then around to his soft cheeks. I gave them a few squeezes as I engulfed his member. 

I took it as deep as I could then released it. "Oh fuck, that was good," was all he said. 

Next, I felt Matthew's hands on the side of my head as he began to thrust his member into my mouth. My hands held onto his cheeks as he did this. He moved in a quick rhythm and I knew at any moment my sweet reward would shoot into my mouth. 

And my prediction came true. His thrusting came to a slow as his body became stiff and his yummy load shot into my mouth. One, two, three, four shots of his seed shot into my mouth. Dripping down the walls of my mouth and slowly making a pool of cum on my tongue. When he was done, he pulled out with my hands still clamped onto his cheeks. I looked up at him with an open mouth and swallowed his hefty load. Next, I pressed my lips on the head of his penis and sucked out any remaining cum. Then I slid my tongue along his shaft, licking off any remaining semen. When I was done, I let go of his cheeks and sat up straight. 

"So, what you think?"

He was out of breath but he gave me an answer, "That was really good. And I loved that you let me cum in your mouth. My girlfriend doesn't like that."

"Thanks," I said as I saw him tuck his member back into his underwear. 

"I think I should leave a bigger tip," He said jokingly. 

I laughed and said, "You don't have to, any time."

He stared at me when I said, "anytime" "You serious about any time?"

"Yeah, I don't see why not? I mean if you're cool with it."

"I think I am, my girlfriend ain't here and I think you can fulfill my needs while she is gone. I'll pay you."

Although I wouldn't mind getting paid for this, I didn't want to. I already felt it unethical to be doing this while on the job. So I simply told him, "No payment, I'll do this for free."

"Really? Thanks, man. If you ever need anything hit me up."

We exchanged numbers and then I went to the bathroom to clean myself up. When I came back out he was on his bed texting his girlfriend and I got back to work.