 I then heard the unmistakable snap of latex gloves going onto a hand, then felt Steve's hand moving around my butt, it was slick with some liquid and he pushed between the saddle and my ass trying to touch all of my ass and even tightly around the base of the plug. He was having to force his hand in to lift each cheek momentarily from the saddle to coat them in the liquid. I felt him around my balls massaging them carefully and felt the wetness there too, then my cock. As he moved to my arm pits I began to feel a tingling on my ass and balls and groaned again.

"That's right slut we're in the hair removal process now, it will tingle, but I'll shower it off before it really begins to burn, you will be as smooth as a baby when I'm finished with you." 

More liquid was applied to my armpits, my arms, then chest and finally to my legs and toes, I really wouldn't have any hair below my neck. As I'd shaved my head a couple of days earlier I would be pretty smooth all over.

I couldn't decide if the pressure building in my bowels or the tingling of my ass, cock and balls was worse, both were getting to be truly unpleasant. Then after a break of ten minutes of both of them building in pain levels as I groaned more and more I felt myself being showered down from head to toes.

"Ummm such a lovely smooth pink piggie, our preparations our going well slut, now time for your drink and then I'll move onto your nipples."

As for the drink, I felt sure I knew what was coming, but could only think nipple clamps for the other comment, although Master S had said something about volume I vaguely remembered.

I heard a new glove being snapped into place then the opening of some packet, I had a fair idea of what was in the packet if it was for giving me a drink. I'd been catheterized in sessions a couple of times by Masters.

Steve started to give my cock a stroke and it was raging, then I felt him pull back my foreskin and start to spread some lube on my piss hole. "Ok slut nod your head if you know what I'm doing now", I nodded to show that I was aware of what was going on.

I felt the head of the lubed catheter being pressed into my cock and then felt more pressure as Steve gently pressed home the catheter into my bladder.

"As you have probably guessed slut it's a Foley, so now that I've got it in, I'll inflate the balloon with saline and it'll be locked in place until happy hour is over for you... ahhh there we go, she's nicely in and inflated, time to get that flow going into you piss pig mouth".

All I could do was groan, partly from the now full feeling in my cock, partly from discomfort in my cock and partly because I was just loving most of this. I felt Steve push the other end of the catheter into the cock dildo in my mouth and then felt the tip come through with my tongue, hearing the click of a tap being turned, the flow of piss started into my mouth, breathing in more slut juice as I swallowed 

I felt like a true thirsty degenerate, I realized I wasn't just swallowing when my mouth was full, I was actually sucking on the gag like a cock shaped straw, sucking the piss down my piggie throat. To have the guilt removed and be able to wallow in being a gay fuck pig was a complete freedom I had never known before. My mind was becoming that of a gay piss pig, it was only full of thoughts of cocks, piss and cum, just as Master S wanted.It was the ultimate humiliation, I was enjoying being transformed, in fact loving it.

"So slut, the water continues to fill you up and now you're being filled from the mouth too, enjoy the flavor, you'll get used to it a lot more over the weekend. You'll be spending some time as a full recycling urinal. Which although I'm sure the idea of makes you feel very horny, the reality may not be quite so much to your liking when it actually happens. For now though Master just wants your bladder empty and once we have that completed in a few minutes we'll get your cocklet under control as Master instructed." Steve just said all of these completely depraved kinky things completely matter of fact way.

I drank and breathed, drank and breathed, trying to breathe through the cramps which were building, then the flow of piss dropped to a trickle. Steve took the tube from my mouth and started to remove the catheter, some more discomfort for me but not really pain, in the sate I was in.

He then started to stroke my cock firmly and told me it was milking time. I had purposely not cum for over two weeks, as always before a work trip, wanting to build up a massive load of spunk which I could enjoy unleashing in a hotel room once my travels started. 

Steve knew what he was doing and with the addition of my rather full ass pussy and the lovely drugs I was enjoying, I was approaching orgasm quickly. It didn't take more than a couple of minutes and I came as hard as I ever had, spurting powerfully, my ass pussy clenching and then releasing the plug with each spurt. 

I felt Steve put something over my cock just before I came, but didn't know it was a wide syringe which he used to collect my heavy load of cum." Then I felt him doing something around my cock gag, I felt the stream of cum flow onto my tongue as he squirted all my cum into the gag in one go. It was hard to swallow with the gag in and coated my mouth and throat.

"There you are slut your first faggot injection of protein, the first of many."

"I really shouldn't tell you this, but Master is hoping to get a new record on film with you, he wants you to take a whole gallon of spunk over the weekend." Steve paused for effect, letting the word gallon sink in to my hazy mind, shit he said a gallon, surely he was joking.

"Master wants you to be walking out of the shop with a pregnant distended belly, full of cum and piss, like the cum whore you will be when we're finished with you, how does that sound piggie?" Steve giggled a little as he asked the rhetorical question.

I was just trying to swallow the cum and get as much of the taste out of my mouth, cum was never my favorite thing in reality, the fantasy always better than the actuality. 

Although I had longed to suck a cock or two when I entered the shop, I never even thought about consuming more than a couple of loads of cum let alone a bucket full. The way my mind could go from a total acceptance of my new pig status, back to being a worried straight guy in a situation out of his control was not lost on me. How could I do this?

Although I liked to be forced to eat a little spunk, i'd never liked the idea of big quantities. Shit how many men would a gallon of cum mean, surely he was joking or trying to scare me. As the enormity of the situation hit me I took the only course of action I could, I breathed in even more heavily taking on as much slut juice as I possibly could to extinguish my worries.

Now I was just leaning forward my head bowed, the chains and saddle the only things holding me up, none of my muscles helping to support my body now. I felt broken, but not compared to how broken I'd feel in the coming hours.

Steve leaned into my ear and whispered "In case you're wondering, to get a gallon of spunk, you need a hell of a lot of real men who haven't cum for at least a week." pausing for effect to let the words enter my mind.

"Now a lot of your clients will have done just that. For Friday's special of "the Gallon Piggie" that we started to advertise two weeks ago. Some guys will have seen the advert and stopped touching their cocks to build up a huge load for tonight's fun." This was sounding more like a serious porn film by the second.

"Master had hoped we'd find a suitable candidate earlier but we couldn't until you chose your hankies and won the piggie position in time for tonight's live show. I cannot tell you how relieved I was when you chose the black velvet, otherwise it might have been me in your position as a punishment for not finding a suitable cum pig."

"I found you in the nick of time, the perfect candidate or should I say cumdidate. The main thing is you agreed to all of this so readily, so easily, you fucking slut. We gave you the free options and you just dived straight in. 

I could hear the relief and amusement in Steve's voice, shit he just described me as a cum pig, I didn't even like the taste of cum, the thought of it, but not the taste, what had I got myself into.

"Oh sorry, I forgot to say that on average for 1 full gallon you need 120-150 guys, real men, full of man seed. If the pile of email replies I've had to the advert are anything to go by we should easily manage that in the next 12 hours or so."

"Although no doubt Master has sent your details and maybe a pic or two of your preparations out to our special mouth fucking client list whilst we've been in here and more and more will have signed up in the last hour." Steve was undoubtedly enjoying detailing the exact implications of the depravities facing me.

So he'd have been the piggie, no wonder he was so nice to me and guided me around the store as soon as he clapped eyes on me and thought I was a potential candidate. I didn't so much as fall into the trap as jump into it with both feet, loving shopping and flirting with him. 

Look where that had got me. All I'd wanted was an evening of fun, well now I was getting way more than I bargained for.

"You'll be working right through the night so that before breakfast on Saturday morning you should have earned your blue, your cream, your black and white striped hankies and when I say earned I mean in all the raw, dirty, pig ways you can earn them."

"It's going to be very intense, so many cocks to please, we're given the guys specific times to come in and have the first 5 hours solidly booked but the most we think you'll be able to do in that time is 80-100 and for that you'll only have a few minutes to get them off and swallow before the next one." 

"We'll help you with that, they'll have been stroking watching a live stream of you sucking before they come to be standing in front of you to get them fluffed and ready to spurt. You see slut we do try to make it as easy as possible for you." All i could think was who was he trying to kid.

As much as I'd enjoyed everything so far and had been in a complete slutty and happy haze up to now, the comment on 120-150 guys really did hit home and what's more both excited and scared me. 

The thought of even one full pint of cum being poured down my throat was overwhelming, but in the crazy state i was in it still somehow excited me. 

I'd seen some bukkake scenes with sluts faces covered in cum and being forced to try to swallow more after being fed loads of cum. It looked so hard to do, but now I realized it was my duty to do it to please Master S. 

Also there seemed to be nothing I could do to stop it now, apart from groan and even that might get me into trouble. I couldn't really concentrate enough to do the math, but even in the state I was in realized it was a man every few minutes to hit the target timeframes. But what could I do now? I'd readily agreed to this and even consented completely and fully on camera, how could I back out now as I sat still being filled with an enema. 

As the cramps built, I thought I'd try and communicate that I wanted out, that the idea of what faced me, was just too much for me. That my slut sub mind couldn't deal with it. That it was time to say sorry, I made a mistake and got in far too deep and beg to be set free.

I tried to make some noises to say no, no, please no, but all that came out was completely incoherent. Steve held my cock and then I heard metal on metal and felt ice being put on my flaccid cock and held tightly to it. I tried to scream but couldn't. But I also knew deep in my soul that I wanted this degradation, in fact i knew that I needed it and deserved it. 

"I said shut up slut you'll have enough to scream about later, but if you make too much noise that gag will get inflated so that it is all you can think about, do you understand, you cock whore." I could only weakly nod again.

I felt a ring placed around my scrotum which was then clicked shut and I heard the click of the padlock as it was locked closed. Then I smelled the unmistakable aroma of deep heat and hoped that I didn't know what it was for.

As Steve started to push the metal urethral sound into my cock I realized it was for what I thought it was for what I had presumed. I had previously used Tiger balm and deep heat on my cock and balls but never into my cock. The sound was big anyway and he obviously coated it liberally in deep heat. It took him time to fiddle and persuade the metal rod deep into my cock. By then the burning sensation was utterly excruciating.

I remembered Masters earlier words of "to help him feel it" ohhh fuck was I feeling it. Then I felt Steve crushing my cock into the smallest of cages, at first it just wouldn't go, I had no idea how he could do this. 

He was crushing my balls, pushing and forcing my cock shaft inside my body and using the ice to make my cock wilt. Finally he started to win the battle.

Then I felt him pull back my foreskin completely and very tightly, my cock head was throbbing and the inside of it burning. I felt him flicking the cock head trying to make it get larger even with the shaft of my cock pushed into my body.

I could feel every bar of the cage on my sensitive cock head, again the click of a padlock and my cock felt completely constrained. It felt like the head of the cock cage was right next to my body and completely filled with the engorged head of my cock pushing against the bars. 

Now all I could concentrate on was the burning inside my cock and the throbbing of my cock head and the tightness of my foreskin stretching under the glans, nothing else registered. Each time I thought something completely filled up my brain, Steve would do something to take it to another level, or focus on another part of my body.

"Right time to take some weight on your feet bitch, you can't lean any more, stand up and I'll lower the saddle and then move it out of the way for you to expel over the drain. As the plug comes out you clench as hard as you can so that I can move the saddle before you expel. As the last inch comes out I will slow down so you can clench really tightly, if too much comes out I'll feed it to you, nod if you understand". 

This time I nodded vigorously, I did not want to be fed the contents of my bowels. Any thoughts of backing out of this had been erased from my brain by the pain in my insides.

The saddle lowered and I stood up again, the chains cuffed to my hands keeping me upright. As he lowered it the first inch or so my ass pussy had to stretch again to accommodate the widest part of the plug, this time it did it so easily that there was virtually no resistance.

Steve did as he said and lowered for the final inches telling me to get ready to clench. I did it with all my might as he lowered the saddle and only felt a little water trickling down my legs, I hoped that wasn't too much.

"Good slut, you did very well there, I know from experience that it is not an easy thing to do, you still have some control of your ass pussy muscles. That's good for now, but I will take that control away from you shortly, as we take control of all your bodily functions, one by one this weekend." 

Steve was relishing this situation it seemed and to think I thought he was on my side, how stupid and niaïve could I be.

"I am so pleased that you came into the shop on my watch, seeing you arrive all innocent, embarrassed and horny. Then guiding you through your choices had me so hard, I can't wait for my chance to enjoy both your holes repeatedly." I could hear the horniness in his voice.

"Now I'll lower you down into a squatting position, so that you can expel the large amount of water inside you. Breathe heavily and take in as much slut juice as you can, 4 good long breaths in and hold."

"When I lower you I want your hole to open on its own. It's time for you to lose the last vestiges of control slut." All I could think of was the relief I would feel to get this water out of me.

As the chains extended and my hands lowered, my knees started to buckle and I slumped down still with my feet on the floor and my legs spread well apart. As is always the case for me when I've had a lot of poppers, my ass hole just opened as I opened my legs wider and I started to expel before I was ordered to, I just couldn't control it. 

No threats of punishment, I think Steve understood that with the training I had taken so far, I just couldn't control that function any more. In fact he'd was pleased. I was a dribbling wreck, hanging from the chains, the last water and shit dropping out of my open hole without me even pushing, covering myself in waste like a proper pink pig.

"Good little piggie, now I'll lower you into a kneeling position and as you kneel I'll push a hose up into you to clean you out a few more times." I felt him push the hose into my gaping red ass pussy, it felt like a snake slithering inside me, then he began to flush me out further. He had me try to clench but I couldn't do that anymore, my ass pussy just gaped wide open. I so hoped this would be the end of the enema.

He then told me to get to my feet which I did by pulling up on the chains and then he started to pull the chains back into the ceiling lifting me to a squatting position telling me to stand bow legged so he could push the saddle under me again. 

Fuck I was spent I couldn't believe I had to ride the saddle again, but I felt the tip of the bulb against my open hole. With no warning, once the plug was lined up I felt the saddle lifting me off the ground as my ass slammed onto the plug. I breathed in as deep as I could repeatedly taking on as much slut juice as I could. My still burning cocklet coming back into my thoughts as the cage was squashed into me by the saddle.

"Off we go again slut, but this one should do the trick and whilst you are filling up I'll work on your nipples and lips for some volume. So let me explain what will happen on these, as I think I like the idea of you knowing and anticipating what is coming."

"It'll make that cocklet of yours try to harden in its very, very little cage. I should have said your cage for the weekend is only about 1 inch long, just enough to tightly hold your engorged cock head, you look so cute in it. I'm sure your customers will appreciate that all your fun now comes from your ass pussy and mouth. How's the deep heat working, I bet a slut like you is loving that." He left that question hanging, not expecting any answer.

"So now for the next stage, first of all I'm going to attach 2 nipple suckers to those little nipples of yours. These are our biggest and best ones, Oxballs Hog-Nips nipple suckers they are, how appropriate is that for a prize piggie like you. Once these are on they'll increase the size of you little nipples dramatically." He said this like it was a good thing.

"As you have a good pair of tits we'll be able to really inflate your nipples and then I'll inject the nipples with saline. They'll stick out like organ stops and be so, so fucking sensitive for your clients to enjoy and for Master to clamp. This is, I should say slut, one of my absolute favorite things to do, torturing you whilst making you much more attractive for your clients ummmm such fun." 

Steve had well and truly warmed to his job, he was loving this now, nowhere near the bottom I first thought he was. How long would my nipples be bigger, shit injections, whatever next? 

"Now you might be wondering how long these injections will last, worry not slut, only for a week or so, they'll start to go down by the end of the weekend and won't be very noticeable when you're at work, nothing permanent".

I felt him attach the two nipple suckers and it felt like my nipples were being pulled off my chest. At least I knew this wasn't permanent knowing it would only for a while. 
