 I walked in after Steve and he told me to stand in the corner looking to the door, with my feet apart. My hands held to my neck, my newly acquired tits wobbling in from of me, my walk forced to be bow legged by the big beast of a plug that was clenched by my hungry hole.

Master S walked in a minute or two later and stopped in front of me, crossing his muscular arms and smiling a wide satisfied smile. 

"Steve you have surpassed yourself, this is your very best piggie yet, especially bearing in mind what you had to work with. That cock cage is a revelation, it just looks fantastic."

Master S moved in closer to look, "To only be able to see the swollen sensitive head filling that cage, ripe to be tortured, I love it. It's amazing and with my slut juice coursing through his system and still keeping his cock trying to get erect he must be in agony." He smiled lasciviously as he said this.

"Those nice big balls dangling down ready for who knows what, so beautifully smooth, in fact that gives me an idea, I think your saline should be more extensive, although this one would be better as a warm infusion, what do you think?."

Steve simply nodded and said "yes Master" and promptly left the room.

Oh fuck did that mean what I thought it meant, infusions into my scrotum, which although I'd read about and seen photos, I'd never experienced yet. As Steve came back in with a stand for an IV, an IV bag full of saline and some large sized syringes I realized that now was the time I was likely to get that experience. 

Master squatted down in front of me, I felt him hold my balls in his hand, "Overall his cock is now so small, it's as though you've completely removed the shaft of his cock. Well done you." 

He sounded so, so pleased. How him talking like this turned me on I had no idea, and yet it did. I was even thinking like the complete slut I was being transformed into.

Master S continued "Pulling the foreskin back so tightly so that the engorged head won't allow the foreskin back over it, keeping it locked in place once you've retracted it, is a piece of genius. You can see the foreskin really stretched tightly under the glans as the head which is so swollen, fuck I love this look." It was as though Master was inspecting a prize pig, which I suppose he was in a way.

"Do you think it will it stay like that or do you think the foreskin will work itself back over the head?" asked Master S.

Steve beamed with pride and even though I should have just been feeling abject humiliation overall, incredibly I was pleased that Master S was pleased with me and liked the way I looked. Fuck what was happening to me, I was reveling in being turned into a slut pig without any say in the process, how low had a sunk and how much lower would I sink over the weekend.

"As you say Master so long as the drugs keep his cock trying to get erect, all the available blood is going to the glans and keeping the foreskin excruciatingly tight so it can't go back over, we just have to keep the pig well topped up Master, then I think it will remain there as his big purple pig clit."

"Excellent, let's hope that's the case. Now Sit him down on the chair, strap him in and set up the infusion for his balls while I talk him through the weekend's activities and hanky challenges." Master S commanded. 

Steve guided my by the shoulder to a chair in the corner and pushed me down into it, there was a hole where the plug would sit in my ass pussy, at last some relief I thought the plug wouldn't get pushed in too hard. Again I was wrong. 

"Steve for good measure set up the Hitachi wand on the stand to be pressing hard against his plug, oh and while we're at it another one just onto his little clit, let's try and make it break out of the cage, wouldn't want him not having enough stimulation, now would we. Take his blind fold off now too."

Master squatted down to the side of me, cradling my balls in his big hand feeling the weight of them. "These balls really are quite impressive, but I think we can make them look so much more impressive once we have infused them, don't you Steve?" 

"I do Master, it's a perfect addition to his modifications, how much do you want me to infuse into his sac Master?" Said Steve as he positioned the two Hitachi wands and turned them on.

"Let's try 500ml to start and see how that looks I think, I also want more into his tits, let's make those bigger." demanded Master S.

Steve got the IV stand and brought it over, taking a fresh needle out and attaching it to the hose, then ensuring that the hose was full of warm saline, without any air bubbles he pushed the needle into my sac being careful not to hit my balls. Then he strapped me to the chair, I was trying to not be in too much contact with the Hitachis, but was now held tight onto the two of them as they vibrated madly on my plug and clit cage.

"This will take some time pig, but then rather than two balls in one nice smooth sack , you'll have one big ball making you look even more extreme with your little purple piggie clit."

"By the way how is that feeling, with the Hitachi on it, I'm guessing you are longing for more slut juice?" Master asked the question but had little interest in my response as I nodded weakly, hoping he wasn't teasing and that he would feed his pig more drugs.

"OK Steve make his pig teats and tits bigger so he looks great for the opening shot of the "Gallon Piggie""

I sat broken, a wretch, my ass pussy so full and vibrating on the Hitachi, my clit (jesus now I was thinking of it as a clit, not a tortured cock head, they had me in such a deep sub-space) trying to break out of my body and on fire. 

Now my clit was just a source of pain, no longer pleasure. I couldn't see the piggie teats or tits he was talking about but boy could I feel them, sore and heavy weighting me down.

Master S pulled a chair over and sat opposite me, looking into my eyes. He held out two tablets and said open wide I did so and swallowed with difficulty because of the posture collar. 

"Good pig, now what I have just given you is similar in effect to the slut juice you were breathing in, but with much stronger effects and also some added advantages."

"Obviously you can't wear a gas mask for the coming few hours, clients like to see your tears as they skull fuck you, they love to see the pain for real." He was smiling as he said this.

"The drugs will make you even hornier than the ones you breathed in, you'll be desperate to be full of cock in both holes. believe me. Your naturally submissive tendencies will be amplified hugely so that you don't even think about not pleasing anyone I put in front of you."

"Your clit head will remain full of blood trying to grow, holding your foreskin fully retracted, despite your clit cage. Your teats and tits will be so much more sensitive. Perfect for torture by any of your clients, they will love playing with them I think." 

Master S was speaking in a low voice looking deep into my glazed eyes.

"But just in case you were having any second thoughts I'm going to bring in a mirror so you can see your pathetic pig self." He nodded to Steve to indicate for him to get the mirror.

Steve wheeled the full length mirror in front of me and as I saw the reflection of the smooth big titted pig who was restrained to the chair. Legs wide open, purple angry clit head between pigs smooth thighs, I moaned, not a scared moan, but a low sexual moan, deep from in my soul.

Although I was horrified at how I looked, the transformation into Master S's piggie was also a complete turn on, it was amazing. My thoughts were so torn, I didn't know what to think, but the drugs were having an effect and each time he said, cock, cum or piss, I salivated longing to be filled in both my holes and to be fed and watered. It was as though I'd been hypnotized and those words had been implanted as triggers to control me and my desires.

"See Steve he even likes the look, his clit is twitching at seeing himself in all his piggie glory. Just work more on the size of the nipples and tits and then we'll take him through to his work station for the first session." Again the matter of fact statement from Master S.

"Now finally and to just make sure you understand your position and options. Throughout the process I have videoed everything from your choice of hankies, through to you smiling as you picked up the butt plug. The moans and groans that have left your mouth would leave no one in any doubt who views your video, that all we have done is at your own request. They will know that you desperately wanted this."

"The video shows you moaning like a complete slut as you underwent the various treatments. You wouldn't believe how much you moaned in pleasure as the saddle rose and plugged you." 

The thought hit me that if anyone I knew saw that video, that would be it for me, I could not be allow that to happen, I could never explain this away.

"I have all your contacts from your phone, your wife, family, parents, friends and colleagues, if you so much as hesitate at any stage I will press send on an email to all of them. Tell me that you understand fully and completely piggie" Master looked deep into my eyes as he said this. I nodded.

"So you understand the email situation piggie, you are faced with the fact that I love nothing more than taking straightish, married, innocent little sluts like you. Ones who think they have way more experience than they really do and then showing them the complete error of their ways."

"Illustrating to them that this whole scene is so much more depraved than their wildest fantasies and getting them to the stage you are at now. One of complete desperation to be as dirty as you can be, look at you you're loving this, you slut" I knew deep in my heart that Master was right, I needed this, deserved this.

Master S continued "I love turning them into pussy bois, complete cock whores and desperate cum and piss pigs. That's what you chose." he nodded as he said this making the point.

"You did this to yourself, not us, with each slutty choice you made, you stepped closer to this reality. You have to accept that you are now my pig and will be whenever you travel to San Francisco."

"I own you, body and soul and what's more you like it, you want it, you need it, you fucking whore." With each statement Master S pushed me further down, making me understand my deviant desires and my true gay pig nature.

"Look at you, now you don't even control your body, I do, your ass pussy muscles are no longer yours to clench. Your cock is gone, now I control your clit completely, your balls are now longer yours, they are now just one big bag for me to torture. Your nipples transformed into pig teats, your pecs to piggie udders and you into my complete fuck pig" Although he stated it as fact I thought he expected an answer.

I took in a deep breath, I had to convince him that I fully submitted at this point "piggie fully understands Master, that pig needs and wants to do everything to please you. That anything however extreme from the hanky code pig chose, is in play. Piggie understands that should pig fail to completely satisfy you, or anyone you put in front of me, that my life as I know it will be ended by an email going out showing the piggie slut that pig has become." I was trying so hard to please him and to convince him that my desire was to serve him and satisfy his wildest demands.

As I sat that, looking at my reflection, I realized absolutely that there was no way out. Also the drugs were taking over, I felt so massively horny and desperate to be fucked, referring to myself as pig, just seemed right in the circumstances. 

I now felt like a pig and wanted to feast on cock, piss and cum. The transformation was nearly complete. Master S looked very pleased with their work in progress.

I looked again at the mirror and I could barely recognize myself, what faced me was a completely hairless chubby pig, with tits that by now must be a full size C or D and angry dark nipples at least 1 ½ cm in length and 7-8 mm in diameter.

As I took in this view the weird thought that came into my mind, was would I be able to lick my own nipples. 

All I could see between my legs was an angry purple clit head straining against a metal cage. Then the posture collar holding pigs head up straight, to top it all off an outlandish pair of lips on the face, swollen and welcoming for cock, lots of cock.

"It's time Steve, take pig through and set him up, the 6 inch guys are here and desperate for release.

Steve unstrapped me and lifted me off the Hitachis, some small relief but then the plug felt so much bigger now I was standing. Even though it had gone in reasonably easily it now felt as though it would take a great effort to get it expelled, my ass was so hungry under the influence of the drugs it was clenching onto the neck of the plug very tightly. 

Take him through and get him attached to his work station for me and I'll come and address the first face fuckers.

Steve took my elbow and led me out of the room and down to the end of the corridor, again the usual sign on the door, this time with the one word Stage. I waddled behind him with little steps, my legs forced wide apart by the massive base of the plug.

Steve entered and inside was a dimly lit room with a circular stage in the center with restraining points on the floor. They were set inside some sort of large meter wide tray with a drain hole in the bottom. 4 cameras at the points of the compass were set up on tripods at waist height to capture everything that happened in glorious, close up detail.

All around the outside of the room stood an amazing collection of men in various states of undress, some in full leather gear, some suits, others naked and a few in different bondage outfits.

All though looking to my eyes as unmistakably tops. I should have felt completely humiliated, but by now I was reveling in my new status as a pig and the center of attention. 

Steve took me onto the stage and told me to kneel in the tray, he helped me down and then un-clipped one cuff from the posture collar pulling my hand to my side and attaching it to the floor, he did the same with the other side and then took off the collar. I looked around the room as much as I could and saw a lot of the men had cocks hanging down out of their trousers in semi hard states.

As he removed the posture collar he told me "it's impossible to get cock all the way down your throat with this on pig." almost as though it was for my benefit.

I heard the door behind me swing open again and the booming voice of Master Steve who now stood beside me, hand on my shaven head, his hand gripping my head firmly, I could feel the strength in his finger massaging my scalp.

"Welcome to you all, great to see the first set of lucky patrons to try out our new pig here, we have sorted the night based on cock size to start pig off slowly. Knowing that you guys like to go hard on new pigs, I can only tell you this one is ripe for that."

"Please no holds barred as we all want to make a great film, as we aim for the full gallon of cum inside pigs stomach." Master S let the words hang in the air, I wasn't sure if that was for my benefit or theirs.

"No worries if you'd rather finish with a facial, any cum that is not immediately swallowed will end up in the tray which I designed with a pull out feeder. That will be attached to pigs mouth when it's full or in any break to ensure that not one drop of cum is wasted."

Master continued "As you all know the weekend will be filled with a number of other sessions this is merely the taster so to speak and so this one is purely about cum and cock sucking. Pig is earning his light blue and cream hankies. No other stimulation allowed on this one. So please start your engines and then proceed as per the numbers you have been given, please go as hard and fast as you can, so we can make our gallon target. Enjoy the first go at his mouth number 1."

Fuck here I was, it was for real and like being a real pig surrounded by hungry hounds, but at least I was as high as a kite and horny to boot, I wanted to be devoured by them.

A small stocky guy stepped forward in leather trousers and a body harness, firm large nipples standing proud on a hairy chest, jesus I was thinking about suckling on his nipples. I was undoubtedly sinking deeper into pigdom. 

Then I focused on the 6 inch clean cut cock standing rock hard to attention out of the fly of his well-worn leather jeans.

He stepped up onto the stage to a cheer from the surrounding guys and walked forward, the glans of his circumcised cock an inch from my mouth, the gentle musky smell entering my nostrils. I could see a few drops of pre-cum which he thoughtfully smeared over the head with his thumb for me to taste.

"Open wide pig it's face fucking time"

I dutifully opened my mouth looking up into his eyes as he gently put his cock head in my mouth, I swirled my tongue around the head sucking off all the precum and dipping my tongue into his piss slit to taste a little more. 

A nice gentle way to start I thought, until he moved one hand to my chin and the other to the back of my head and pulled me down fully onto his cock. At this size I could deep throat it, but still gagged a little, he held me on his cock, my lips at his stomach and his hairy nuts on my chin as I gagged hard he told me to breathe through it. 

I tried to relax but also not to vomit over his cock. Then he let rip and fucked my face hard using his hands to pull me as he rammed his cock head down into my throat.

I was scared but the drugs were helping and as I felt him tense after only a few strokes and hold me completely on his cock as it spasmed and he injected cum straight down my throat. 

He pulled out and walked away a contented smile on his face. My lips we're already dripping with the saliva from his forced face fucking, that dribbled down my tits and into the tray below me.

I knelt, hands cuffed, clipped to the floor, head down and waited for the next one, only 119 minimum more to go. I was no longer Pete, now I was just a piggie, a hole for use, to be filled and fed.

The next guy was in a suit, cock just hanging limply out of his fly. Shit I was going to have to work for this one and I knew the time pressure would build unless I could keep them cumming quickly. As he reached me, the smell of stale piss was the first thing I noticed, but that didn't worry me, in my current state it was like perfume."

"I craved his cum. I leaned forward straining against my chains and just got his foreskin covered head in my mouth sucking it in as hard as I could desperate to get him hard. 

"Woah piggie, give me a chance, you're like a fucking vacuum cleaner there." He moved forward pushing his hardening cock into my mouth, then putting both his hands behind my head and rocking gently to and fro until his cock was fully hard.

He made me gag with each stroke although that was reducing a little as I relaxed into my work. Then he became more forceful for only a few more minutes of skull fucking before making deposit number 2.

This continued with the 40 odd guys in the room, all roughly the same size, most reasonably clean and all bar 3 happy to deposit straight down my throat or into my mouth. A few insisted on me putting my head back and jerking their own cocks into my mouth then having me roll the cum deposit in my mouth and gargle it before swallowing my protein.

Fuck I was enjoying this in the fog of drugs I was in, loving the feeling of the plug in my ass pussy and not really noticing my clit too much. 

As Each guy left the stage I was intrigued to see the shape and size of the next cock and also to smell and taste their cock for the first time. 

The three other guys wanted to paint my face with their ropes of cum, all of them came copiously and the cum dripped down my face and over my tits and into the tray below and now I knew that would be force fed to me later. It would have been a shame to waste it.
