 Mistress Caprice stood in front of me and looked deep into my glazed eyes, as I rocked up and down on my rubber cock.

"I had to pay a pretty penny for you bitch, after so many people had watched some of your more extreme videos. A lot of very depraved people could see just how much use you might be."

"But I wanted you before your inevitable trip to the farm, I still want to feel you tight on my cock. Not sloppy after you've been properly horse fucked, as you deserve."

"Once I'm finished fucking you and enjoying your slutty holes, we'll be listing your very specific services for some specialist guys on a range of websites to cover my expenses."

"We have 6 hours to whore you out for and now is the time to get some sexy dirty photos and videos for your debut as a paid gay whore."

After everything I'd been through this should have been the straw that broke the camel's back. 

Instead I was so horned up on poppers and ecstasy and reveling in riding the black cock I was impaled on, that I just smiled like the dumb fuckslut Master S had turned me into.

I just needed more and more depravity. The triggers placed in my sub-conscious by Master S, kept circling around my brain. 

More than anything if I couldn't have Masters Cum to feed on, I needed a mans cum, in fact lots of mens cum, I had to be fed more cum. The craving was growing as I had those hypnotic thoughts on a repeating loop, in my slut brain.

I must suck cock every day, I must drink Masters Cum, I need cum every day, I must be plugged, fucked and stretched each and every day, I am thirsty for piss, I need to drink piss. Every day, in every way, I needed to be a gay pig.

As these thoughts swirled around my brain, I simply knelt, fucking myself. Breathing in heavily, taking huge hits of poppers and then raising up on my knees and slamming my ass pussy down on the cock to impale myself over and over again. 

The ecstasy in my pussy was taking me deeper into a drug induced haze than I'd been before. I was on complete pig autopilot.

I was wantonly fucking myself in front of Mistress Caprice, as she had Melinda videoing me, capturing all the dirty details in close ups.

Filming my heavy breathing, the way my cunt lips were clinging to the cock with every rise of my body. 

The aroused grunts and squeals as I slammed down balls deep. I didn't realize it but this was the perfect video to sell my piggy self with.

"Melinda, place the ad for Our Latex Sissy Slut, expert in forced piss drinking, cum eating and rimming. Two holes for stuffing with whatever the client wants, up to and including fisting. Deep throat, cock sucking a speciality."

"The summary should be BAREBACK ONLY PIG. NO LIMITS BONDAGE LATEX SISSY CUM WHORE, extensive toys available, filming compulsory."

"That should bring out the dirtiest beasts imaginable. Put a link on the ad, to this film you're doing now of pig riding its cock of its own volition, without any instruction or help."

Mistress was now pacing up and down, watching Melinda filming and obviously running out of patience.

"I presume you've have finished the set-up of premium profiles on Grindr, Recon, Bareback, Gaybdsmdate as I ordered, so that all you now have to do is add the photo's and videos?"

"Yes Mistress Caprice, I used some of the footage Master S sent me and tailored the profiles to bring out the most extreme Masters I could , you did say the weirder the better Mistress."

Even as she said these disgusting things I just kept riding my cock, hoping against hope for an orgasm. My clit raging in its cage, my pussy so well lubricated that I was slipping and sliding up and down fluidly. 

I was so deep in sub space, I wasn't aware of what the words really meant. I just wanted to please Master S and to do that, I had to please this stunningly beautiful Goddess in front of me and her dirty depraved clients.

"Yes we want weird, and disgusting Masters."

"Fuck it, you must have you got enough footage for the ad Melinda, I'm getting impatient here, I need to empty my she balls into that pig throat."

"Mistress Caprice, I think you face fucking the pig and pissing or cumming in the pig throat, would help us attract the worst beasts out there, to cum and use the pig. But is that really what you want, the very worst guys out there?"

Melinda sounded genuinely concerned for me, but questioning her Mistress wasn't a good idea.

"What the fuck do you think you are doing, questioning me, bitch? The worse the Doms are, the more I'll be paid for the films you stupid slut."

"I was about to let you get dressed but you can stay naked as the dirty skank you are, in fact bring that man in the barrel plug over here right now."

"I'm sorry Mistress, I didn't mean to question you at all. Please not the man in the barrel plug, I can't take that, it's huge."

"Fuck you slut!! bring it now and you'd better get some lube and poppers, you're going to need them. One more question and I'll force it into you dry."

Just hearing this and realising that the plug wasn't going in me was a huge turn on, I couldn't wait to see Melinda stretched and plugged as a total ass slut like me.

Mistress Caprice sat in the chair to the side of me and ordered Melinda on all fours, her asshole facing me, as I ever more eagerly fucked my own slutty hole on the dildo, whilst looking at her shaved asshole and pussy from behind.

"Back onto the pigs face and let it rim you and get you good and wet Melinda. This plug is fucking huge and if you're not turned on it'll split your tight little girly ass in two."

I was already reaching forward at the maximum stretch of my cuffs trying to get to her ass to taste her, fuck I needed that taste on my tongue. I could see it was covered in her pussy juices, I just had to taste her.

As she backed onto my face, Mistress Caprice came in close with one of the cameras, showing very clearly how I was straining forward and my desperation to taste her asshole in close ups, full HD detail. I'd look like a dirty pig in heat, on the video, just as she wanted.

The video ad would show my tongue lunging and searching for its goal.

Then it happened my tongue touched Melinda's asshole and she flinched and moaned, I circled her butt hole with my tongue, loving the mixed taste of her juices and her ass. Melinda moaned and pressed back further, she was plainly a butt slut too.

I buried my face as deeply as I possibly could, working my tongue to open her hole a little more with each dart into her rosebud. The taste was a complete delicacy to me, obviously her pussy juices, but also a hint of cum, sweat and her natural ass taste was a potent cocktail in my piggy, drugged state.

Melinda was pushing back as hard as possible making sure that I was no longer fucking the dildo but was instead fully impaled on it. As I delved into her ass crack and hole, my tongue trying to get as far up as possible I continued to breathe in large hits of my slut juice.

I wasn't aware at all of what Mistress Caprice was up to but she was carefully getting footage of all of this dirtiness, for my profiles. Filming close ups and all the slurps and grunts as I worked feverishly on Melindas ass.

As Melinda started to pant, the tension built in her and she had a shuddering orgasm, I felt her hole and ass cheeks spasming on my face. She squirted into her hand and then rested for a minute or two.

"Now that's better slut, you'll be ready to be plugged now won't you bitch. Take some big deep hits on these poppers and get some lube on your shit hole and we'll begin."

Melinda was on all fours now in front of Mistress Caprice, she took a big glob of lube and coated her asshole and then lowered her head to the floor.

She held a bottle of poppers to first one nostril, then the other, taking in the biggest longest breaths she possibly could. Over and over again, she overloaded her mind with the slut juice, just as I was doing. 

I vaguely realized that I was breathing mine in, in sync with her. Two sluts together.

My fat ass pussy had taken this plug but surely her lithe, athletic, little ass couldn't possibly accommodate this monster plug. 

Fuck I was so turned on at the thought of the inevitable pain this was going to cause Melinda and the look on her face as it was forced home.

Mistress Caprice was again seated to my side with Melinda straight in front of me, so I could see every sordid detail of what happened. 

I heard the unmistakable sound of a heavy duty zip being undone, I turned to my right, Mistress was letting her she-cock out to play. Even semi-flacid it was one of the biggest and widest cocks I'd seen.

I wasn't sure if a horse would be much bigger than her. Fuck then I saw her huge balls, they were baby makers.

As she stroked its full length with one hand, right in front of Melinda's ass, the girth filled out as though someone were inflating her cock with a pump. All I wanted to do was to drain those beautiful big balls.

It was mesmerizing to behold, I was salivating at the sight, I should have been scared, but I wanted it in me. Whilst she stroked her cock to full size, she spat on the head of the plug and worked it around Melinda's recently rimmed, dripping wet asshole. 

Once Mistress had opened her slut a little, she pushed the first head in hard, to a squeal from Melinda.

"Ahhh we have another little piggy in here now don't we pig."

I grunted eagerly in agreement.

Mistress then worked that head in and out rapidly 20 or 30 times, making her ass pop with each intrusion. Then on one of the instrokes she just kept on pushing telling Melinda to bear down at the same time. 

As Melinda groaned and tried to bear down the top of the barrel entered her partially, her asshole half over it, by now she was whimpering and begging for mercy.

"Should we stop now pig and let this slut off?"

I wasn't sure what to say, I was almost worried for Melinda, the plug so big it might tear her. But I was also incredibly turned on and wanted to see her impaled on it, fuck my clit was trying to get even harder at the thought.

"I'll let you choose pig, grunt if you want me to stop, squeal if you want to see this monster deep inside Melinda's pretty little whorish ass."

I knew I should have helped Melinda and shown mercy, but the sexy sight in front of me was too much. 

I squealed as loudly as I could as I continued to rock on my cock.

"There you see Melinda, you really shouldn't have worried about pig, he longs to see you butt fucked with this monster."

"Maybe now you'll realize he needs a special sort of Beast Master to make the most of his specific talents."

"I think now instead of being squeamish, you'll be quite happy to welcome in some of San Frans most unsavoury characters to use pig, isn't that right slut."

"Fuuuuuccckkkkk yeeessss Mistress, I'll have them rape both his holes and fuck him raw for this. Pint after pint of piss and cum will be forced down the pigs throat and those nipples will be twice as longggggggggg...Arrgggghhhhhhhhhhhhh."

Melinda had been so focussed on what revenge she could take out on me, just as Mistress Caprice wanted. Then Mistress forced the rest of the barrel in one huge push and Melinda's ass clenched onto the snap back of the plug.

Holding it deep within Melinda. She was now groaning, broken for the moment, with the feeling of completely overwhelming fullness. 

"Now get up you bitch and put on your thick rubber panties, then pull them tight up your asscheeks so that plug is firmly held in. It will stay put until I say so. I suggest you don't question me again if you know what's good for you."

Melinda stood up carefully her legs splayed wide just to accommodate the massive base of the plug between her slender thighs. As she turned to face me I could see the juices running from her pussy down her legs. 

Obviously she was in pain, but absolutely turned on by the ass fucking and humiliation she had taken.

"Sorry Mistress. It won't happen again." Melinda sounded truly sorry.

Then she looked into my eyes and whispered. "I'll find the worst men I can for you pig, you'll regret that squeal, I promise you."

"In fact you'll regret it over and over again in the next few hours."

"That's more like it Melinda, glad to have you back onside now. Get working on completing those profiles and as you sit on that huge plug and it reminds you of what choice pig made, choose carefully what you say on the profiles."

"I want specific details on pig, specific to the patrons on each app or site attracts. Put in more details on pig especially on the Bareback and Recon sites."

"I think that's where our fishing will get the biggest baddest fish out there in this sea of sin."

Melinda was sitting at the desk in my hotel room, typing into her computer as Mistress came round in front of me, her she cock now jutting out horizontally as it continued to fill with blood.

Again I was being filmed but this time by the cameras on tripods set around me mainly at my head height.

What they were recording was an animal desperate for food, my mouth open inches away from the massive purple cock head of Mistresses snake. My slutty cock sucker mouth straining forward to get my taste and food.

"Just look how desperate this whore is Melinda, see you needn't have worried, it's been reprogrammed completely by Master S."

Mistress Caprice rocked forward a little until the huge head was forcing my lips apart.

She stood hands on hips me looking up longingly into her deep dark eyes, and smiled down at me.

"Fuck Mistress, it's started already, the bids are coming in. Shit look at this first profile, this guy is pierced everywhere and tattoo's galore, he says he likes to see his pigs in real pain and needs to see tears to get off properly, is he the kind of guy you want Mistress?"

As Mistress smiled at me with her cock just in my mouth, she nodded and said simply "Yes, just the type." 

As she said that, she rocked forward violently as her hands went to the back of my head and held me firmly. I now had 6 inches of huge thick cock in my mouth and pushing at the back of my throat.

No way was that going to actually get down the back of my throat, it was simply too big.

Or so I thought, apparently Mistress didn't care that it was too big, she just kept on pulling my face onto her cock.

Then it broke through the resistance at the back of my throat and a few more inches of snake made their way down my pig throat.

I couldn't breathe and just knelt there gagging on this huge, incredible cock. She rocked back and let me take in a few deep breaths, adding to my slut juice level and then she powered back on in.

This time the back of my throat had no resistance, she moved forward until I felt my nose on her flat corset covered abs.

I hated to admit but even though I was now crying, I was loving it and knew it would look great on film. Fuck that's how far I'd sunk, I was actually turned on and proud by the thought of real men watching me doing this, I was no longer horrified by it.

To describe what Mistress did as a face fucking, would be to understate it, is was a total skull fuck and she was playing to the cameras. Keeping me held tightly, balls deep on her horse cock, not able to breathe for longer and longer periods of time. 

When she withdrew I tried desperately to gasp in as many breaths as I possibly could, not knowing when I'd next be able to breathe. The result of this was to completely soak my brain with more and more poppers. The level as high as it had been for the last 2 days.

My lipstick was wrecked, my mascara in streaks down my tear stained face, I looked a complete whore.

All the time she was fucking my face I was being forced to fuck the dildo ever more aggressively. 

The sight of a pregnant latex sissy slut rampantly fucking herself with a huge cock whilst her throat was savagely raped by a beautiful Amazonian Goddess seemed to be having the desired effects, both on Mistress Caprice and the perverted Beast Masters on the internet.

As the pings of interest kept sounding from Melinda's computer, Mistress was approaching orgasm, she allowed me one last huge intake of breath before slamming her she cock deep into my throat. 

She held me there as the python pulsed and injected her seed deep into my willing and eager pig throat.

Mistress Caprice moaned out in ownership of her pig.

I was about to black out from the lack of oxygen when she let go of the back of my head and withdrew the softening sissy tamer from my mouth.

I could only gulp in air, long strings of saliva mixed with cum, hung from my mouth and nose, I was a sight.

Mistress stood legs apart in front of me, here huge cock swaying as my eyes were fixed upon it, I was hypnotised by its magnificence.

She then bent and lifted my head by the chin, turning me to face a camera and looked into the camera too saying "Now this is a pig you can enjoy, I've only shown you the one hole, but this pig takes it all, so batter up boys!"

I could no longer lift myself off the rubber cock, I was broken once again, slumped down, fully impaled and heaving for breath. My legs splayed out to the sides, no longer supporting me off the rubber dick. 

My clit raging in its cage for some form of release. 

The only thing that kept me upright was the dildo attached to the floor.

At least I had been fed some potent Shemale seed, but my Masters programming meant I craved more, I needed more cum, lots more cum. 

Those were the only thoughts spinning around my bimbo, sissy brain.

"Melinda pass me a glass of Syrah, I need to recharge my batteries. What interest have we raised so far with that little face fucking scene."

"Some pretty serious interest Mistress, two main guys bidding now for the first hour with the pig. The one I mentioned earlier, seriously sculptured body and obviously a serious sadist."

"Then a much less attractive Master, obesely overweight and so, so sweaty, with a passion for breath control and face sitting combined with electro shock treatment, he says he brings his own Folsom equipment."

"Any other serious ones?"

"Yes a couple, but not the interests Master S sketched out, one likes to use Subs as a punch bag and the other full scat."

"No interest in either of the second two, let's have a closer look at the first 2 you mentioned. They both sound interesting."

"This first guy has multiple piercings, 6 in his cock alone, I must say though Mistress he's not that well-endowed. The second guy is utterly repulsive, the pic of him here is sweaty and judging by those sweat rings under his arms not that careful about his personal hygiene."

"Neither are dogs, pigs or horses Melinda, he sounds wonderfully disgusting. He'll help show pig how dirty his future now is, better that he realise how low he has sunk sooner rather than later.

Melinda smiled and nodded, obviously pleased with Mistresses choice after pig had agreed to her being plugged, revenge was at hand.

"We both know pig would have chosen the fit Master, so we'll choose the fat one, haha. I think he'll do for some serious raunch and that will help bring out some more dirty bastards to train pig further."

"After I've enjoyed pigs pussy first, I want to really stretch it. So as I fuck pig, make the arrangements with, what's he called, ohhhh how perfect Mr Smotherer. Let him know he has half an hour to get here to enjoy his pig."

I was still impaled on the cock, no longer able to lift myself up off it, just rotating my pussy gently on it, widening it little by little.

"Melinda, once you've sold pig to Mr Smotherer, get the pig up onto the bed, the pussy lined up at the end and strap pigs feet up in the air to the bed head, I want to go deep, very deep."

"Yes Mistress Caprice, he's already responded and he seems very, very excited, he said he has his things packed and will be walking here to work up a good sweat, he really is truly disgusting Mistress."
