 The warmth of the sun hit me after such a long time in the dark and dirty recesses of Master S's world.

The fact I was wearing heavy duty rubber panties and bra became all too apparent as I started to perspire, not that I could take my hoodie off in the area I was about to walk through and with what I was wearing under my shirt.

I started to walk on my still slightly wobbly legs, the after effects of the poppers apparent and Master S's drugs and the ecstasy he'd fed me were still in my system, keeping me totally hard and turned on.

With each step the tight rubber crotch of the panties was rubbing firmly on my sensitive clit head, keeping it erect even in its confinement.

The plug had opened wide inside my pussy and the big nodules on the front were indeed rubbing on my prostate as I took each step, the feeling was amazing. That combined with my clit and the nipple clamps under the tight rubber bra, meant I was being overly stimulated with each and every step. It was overwhelming, but I had to get back to the hotel to get out of the locked clothes I was in, to sleep and recover in time for my phone call to family, but more than anything to get my next feed of Master's cum.

I realized that I was hungry, of course all I'd been fed was protein, although a hell of a lot of it. Even though that was the case, I didn't crave a burger or a steak, I needed Masters cum, to taste it sliding down my throat, I looked into the bag at the full locked bottle of his cum, it was a good half pint and I knew once it was open with the key I would find in my room, I would consume it ravenously. I even wondered if I could break the bottle to get my feed now, but worried I would lose some of the precious Gods ambrosia.

So I couldn't eat and I needed to, I couldn't drink piss and I wanted to, but the Tenderloin was no place to look for that sustenance. The other thing I needed now was poppers, thankfully Master had given me 6 bottles.

The worry was that opening a bottle of poppers in the open is quite obvious to those in the know and I figured this area was one where many people would know what I was doing. The paranoia I was feeling was pretty understandable bearing in mind the drugs coursing through my system.

The sensory overload of the nipple clamps, taste of cum in my throat, the plug, the tight rubber panties all took my focus, but the absolute hunger to be fed, dominated them all, I needed something. That need and hunger had been programmed into me, I had no choice over it.

I had to have poppers, Master had told me that I would need them and now I needed them in my hand just to get home. I carefully took one bottle out of the bag and tried surreptitiously to take the wrapper off the top, whilst concentrating on walking on a straight line and not falling over. I was concentrating on not walking too bow legged and give away the fact I had a huge plug in my pussy.

It was hard, but once the wrapper was off I was so desperate, I had to sniff and sniff hard. I held the bottle in my right fist and unscrewed the top whilst it was in the one hand, I was after all quite practiced at this. Then I looked around to see if anyone was looking at me, no one seemed to be. 

I slowed my walk down and lifted the bottle to my right nostril, emptying my lungs as much as I could. Then closing my left nostril with my index finger and holding the full, fresh bottle tight against my right nostril and breathing in for as long as I could to completely fill my lungs with popper soaked air.

I held my breath and walked ten steps, then exhaled. The hit was massive, even after everything I'd taken, it was huge, I could feel every part of my body, and loved all the sensations as I thought of Master clipping the clamps on, stuffing my pussy with the plug and locking me into my bitch costume.

Fuck I was as high as a kite, I felt wonderfully dirty and needed more, but I was after all out in the open and in the Tenderloin. If only some of these down and outs knew what I was wearing under my clothes, I'd be taken into a back alley and used as a convenience and fuckpig. Shit maybe that was Master's aim, surely not, he wanted to whore me out not give me away for free.

I started to walk faster, keen to get to my safe room and be on cam for my Master. Each little while I'd top up my poppers and finally I was through the Tenderloin and heading to the Castro District after 20 minutes or so. Not that I had much of an idea how long it had been at the time.

Just concentrating on walking was so hard now after a couple of miles, my nipples were on fire, I needed to piss and to shit. To get the plug out and these rubber panties off and let my foreskin go back over my clit head. The only way I kept going was to consume more and more poppers to keep my slut juice topped up.

The incessant rubbing of the nodules of the plug finally got to me and as I crossed a rainbow road crossing into the Castro District and saw a rainbow flag in front of me, the small wave of an orgasm washed over me and I came, my slut juice filling my thick rubber panties. The slutty aroma escaping bit by bit as I staggered along, I was breathing it in as though it were perfume.

I relaxed a little, now I was nearing home and sniffing here was less likely to get me in trouble.

I took more poppers on board, but the need to piss and the hunger for cum was growing so much, I thought about entering a gay bar I passed, but Master had ordered me back to the hotel so I had to do that.

Finally I walked onto the street of the hotel, a few more hits of my slut juice and one final one as I walked up the steps to the hotel. Thank God I was back, now where would the keys I needed be.

I walked to the front desk and before I could speak the beautiful girl behind the desk said.

"Ahh Mr Johnson, how lovely too see you, we heard you were having a lovely time in our fair city, here's your door key and we've dropped a note on your bed from a well-wisher. You must be tired after your trip."

Shit what did she know, how could she know, bloody hell what was I supposed to do now, bluff...

I read her name tag "Thanks for that Melinda, yes I am tired I'm off for some much needed sleep."

She was truly stunning, dark haired, tall, beautifully proportioned tits just stretching her jersey a little and the nipples playfully poking out, she looked slightly flushed and turned on. In fact I thought she had that just been fucked look, all could think of was if she had maybe her pussy would be full of some man's cum I could eat. What a fucking cum slut I had become, how low could I go.

"If you need any help getting out of anything please do ring down for me, or if you prefer I can send one of the strong young men up. They'll be able to look after you in full."

There was I thinking the weirdness would end when I got to the hotel, then it dawned on me. 

Master S and Steve had been on my phone, the hotel bookings, my business meetings for the next two weeks, everything was on there. They knew every detail of my trip, where I would go, the hotels I would stay in and who I'd see on business. What had my horniness got me into?

He had complete control of my life and Melinda was obviously in on something, she knew what I'd been doing it seemed. That was the only explanation I could think of to explain her innuendo.

She was beautiful though and the thought of her seeing me in my kinky outfit was actually turning me on. Somehow more humiliating her being a beautiful woman after all those men had fucked and pissed on and in me.

"Thanks Melinda, if I need help I'll definitely ring just for you." I couldn't help but flirt in the state of horniness I was in.

"I'll look forward to your call then Mr Johnson or should I call you???" she left the comment hanging making me wonder if she had been going to say, Pete or pig.

I walked across the lobby aware of her eyes watching my every ginger poppered step, I walked with my wide footed unsteady gait, she must be aware of what I had become.

I opened the old fashioned gate to the elevator and ascended to my room, finally swiping the key card and opening the door to my large double room. Ahhh bed, thank God. Then I thought I needed to piss, but how could I undress.

There was an envelope on the middle of the freshly made bed. It was addressed in beautiful script simply to "pig".

I dropped my back pack onto the bed and the bag of toys and clothes alongside it. I had to open the envelope, I could tell the keys were not in there, but maybe it would tell me where they were, I had to piss soon and get this plug out. More importantly I needed to be fed Masters seed that I had in the locked bottle.

I cautiously opened the envelope, it read, "Well, well pig, no doubt a lovely walk back, hope you enjoyed your poppers on the way home. NOW take off your normal clothes so you are just in your bitch gear, I never want to see you on cam dressed as anything other than a slut or pig. Then fire up your computer and put the Skype cam on, I expect you kneeling in front of the keyboard in a couple of minutes. Lastly ring Melinda on reception and say this, pig needs your help to get ready, now please Miss Melinda." 

It was signed Master S, which meant not only did he have all my details, but he'd had someone drop this off earlier or whilst I was walking to the hotel.

Ohh jesus this wasn't stopping, I needed to strip shower, and to have a little rest without anything filling my ass, I needed all of these, but it was not to be.

I stripped and fired up the computer, as the computer was warming up, I rang reception and said.

"pig needs your help to get ready, now please Miss Melinda." exactly as I'd been instructed to by Master S."

"Excellent news pig, now put the door on the latch and kneel in front of your computer as Master S as instructed. I'll come and help you get ready."

The obvious question that I should have considered with the note was, what the fuck was she getting me ready for?

Skype was opening so I got up quickly and put the door on the latch, hoping no one other than Miss Melinda would come in. I had no choice though.

I knelt back down and waited for Skype to open fully. Then I saw Master S in my contacts, that hadn't been there before this weekend, they'd been into my account and added it, then again I had all my computer account passwords on my phone.

An incoming video call from Master S.

As I accepted it I heard the door creak slightly and Melinda just said. "Hello piggie, ummmm you look lovely in your bitch uniform."

Master S's face was on camera in front of me smiling.

"Well done pig, I know you need my cum so badly, I realize the urge is growing inside you by the minute. Don't worry, Melinda will feed you shortly. She's one of my subs but is obviously Dominant where you are concerned."

I just nodded.

"Now to tell you about the next few hours until you get to your family phone call. I said earlier that you could rest, but then I received some bids for your time and the lucky winner is on their way to you as we speak. Melinda is there to help you get ready for the session. Do exactly as she says, I'll be watching most of it live on this cam, but she'll also take close up footage for your next film, "Craigslist bareback piggie."

"Yes Master." What else could I say.

Master S walked away from the camera and I looked around at Melinda, she knelt beside me and started to stroke my rubber clad tits and belly pulling at the clamps under the rubber and eliciting a moan from me.

"Ummmm you smell so fucking depraved pig, I love how dirty you are, love the smell of piss, cum and men on you. Let's get you fed first, now take some big hits on the poppers we only have 30 minutes to have you redressed and ready for action."

Finally I was going to be my feed, I was desperate for it.

She took a key from the keyring on her belt and opened the cap to the bottle full of cum. She took a big swig.

I nearly cried out, that was my food, I needed it, but I shouldn't have worried.

She reached behind the back of my head and began to snow ball the cum, back and forth between us before finally depositing the first of the huge load into my mouth to swallow. 

It was such a turn on to be doing this with her and getting my feed, my clit was rock hard in the rubber panties once again.

She licked her lips, "God he tastes, good doesn't he, I'm jealous of you getting all this you lucky slut."

"Yes Miss Melinda, he does taste so good, I need more food please."

"Master S did tell me the craving would be huge for you, so I know you want to enjoy the rest of this bottle, I now need you to chug this all in one go bitch. Hold the last mouthful in your open mouth for me to see."

I dutifully drank the beautiful elixir of Master's saved cum and held a huge mouthful for Miss Melinda too inspect, she stood up a spat directly into my mouth to add to the flavour and the humiliation.

"Now swallow you fucking whore and let's get you ready. Kneel there until I tell you to move."

She proceeded to get all the toys, locks, chastity cages, cuffs, straps, pig mask, plugs, ball gag, leather corset, stockings, rubber stockings, panties, mask, electric shock plug, the black bob wig, a bag of makeup I'd not seen previously, a rubber corset and finally the black PVC 5 inch boots.

She walked behind me and unlocked the padlocks on the strap on the harness going between my legs.

"Stand up you stupid slut we haven't got all day, I need to have you smelling like a woman, not a $1 faggot piss and cum whore."

I stood up, still desperate to piss, and trussed up like a gimp.

Melinda unbuckled the harness and removed that first laying it out on the big super kingsize bed with the rest of the toys, then took the padlock off the rubber panties I was wearing.

"I think the next stage will be better in the shower slut, at least it's big enough for both of us. As she said this she stripped off her skirt and top. I was transfixed, as much as I'd been a complete gay faggot whore for 2 days, I still found dominant women's bodies a turn on. She reached behind her back looking straight into my eyes.

"Like what you see pig???"

"Yes Miss Melinda you're truly beautiful."

"Well just remember pig I'm only stripping so I can get you cleaned up without messing up my clothes."

I didn't care why, I just knew my clit was hardening in my panties at the sight in front of me. The off came her tight small wet panties, and I saw her completely bald pussy lips facing me, ummmm what a sight.

She pushed me into the shower and followed me in.

"I'm guessing you need a piss slut?"

"Yes Miss, my belly is so full of piss I'm desperate, please can I go soon Miss."

"You'll hold it until I say bitch, now let's start with your bra, as you can see my tits, I'd like to see yours."

She pulled the bra upwards off my tits and that motion pulled the nipple clamps very firmly causing me to scream out.

"Shut up bitch, we have hotel customers here who won't want to hear your whore moans."

She reached back into the bathroom and picked up her panties from the floor, taking them and opening her legs slightly so I could see her glistening pussy in much more detail. She rubbed the gusset of her lacy panties up and down her pussy, coating them with as many juices as she could. 

She then squatted a little more and I could see she was clenching her muscles and she squeezed a number of big globules of male cum out from her pussy onto her panties, until they were completely soaked and coated.

"Open wide pig, put out your tongue." I thought the moist panties were going straight into my mouth, but instead she spread her beautiful shaved pussy lips apart with her fingers and scooped out more globules of cum from her pussy to feed me with, she smeared it in my nostrils, over my lips and in my mouth.

I was still there with my mouth wide open and she carefully placed the cum soaked wet gusset of her panties face down on my tongue to maximize the flavor.

Fuck I loved the taste of cock, but also pussy, this combination was exquisite.

She then went to the bed and brought back the ball gag. As she stood looking at me I could see how flushed her face was, she was so turned on by all of this, my clit was raging inside the runner panty prison. I'd already gone from desperate for release from the confines of my bitch pig uniform to wanting to be used again, so deep were the triggers set by Master S.

"Let's just get your panty gag properly soaked before I add the ball gag bitch, kneel down."

I figured I knew what was coming next, but then again I I was thirsty as Master S had told me I would be.

Melinda held me by the ears pulling me close to her smelly snatch and released her pee straight into my waiting mouth, the first squirts soaking the panties and forcing the last of the cum that had been fucked into her earlier into my mouth. She then let free a full long stream, causing my mouth to overflow as I couldn't swallow. It was more of a piss shower, covering me from head to toe in her juices and piss.

She looked down on me and smiled pleased to have emptied her bladder and filled my mouth. Then she quickly strapped the ball gag in place, squeezing some of the juices in the panties down into my waiting pig throat.

"Right now no more noise slut, we have to get you ready."

She finished taking the bra off over my head, leaving slightly smaller tits than before, but still with their obscene nipples jutting out, heavily clamped in the Japanese clover clamps.

She dropped the rubber bra to the floor to be washed and dried for later use.

Then she had me stand and unlocked the tight belt on the rubber panties and unzipped them from the back. She kneeled behind me in the pool of her own piss and started to pull my rubber prison panties down, having to heave my ass cheeks out of them one at a time. She then had me turn around so I was facing her and started to pull them down revealing my heavily erect clit.

As she peeled them off she saw the pool of pig juice inside the panties from when I had cum as I crossed the road earlier, she leaned in a sucked it all up, then spat it into her hand and reached up smearing it all over my face.

She then took my clit in her mouth as she continued to pull the panties down, jesus I never expected this dynamic. Master S must have ordered her to give me the blow job and I wasn't complaining, but to get pleasure from my clit did seem weird. Then she began to work the plug gently in and out of my pussy as she sucked me off until the inevitable happened and I came in her mouth.

Then I realised why she had done it, I hadn't seen the silicon Boi Trainer clit cage in her hand, she had hidden it in her hand, as it was so, so small. As my cock softened after spurting my pig juice in her mouth, she forcefully retracted the foreskin fully and put the clit cage on me, fiddling, pushing, squashing until I was completely in the cage, then she locked it in place. She looked up at me and smiled with her mouth full of pig juice.

She stood up and in front of me her tits touching mine, our erect nipples battling with each other. Then she took the ball gag off, and the piss soaked panties out, pushed my shoulders down so my head was lower than hers and dribbled my pig juice into my mouth, then replacing the soaked panties and the ball gag.

"That's better, we have your clit in its proper state and you've eaten your load of pig juice today as Master S demanded. He wouldn't want a drop wasted."

She then pushed down on my shoulders to indicate that I should bend over. She pulled my left cheek out of the way, took a firm grip on the plug and in one powerful motion ripped the rippled plug from my pussy. I screamed into her piss soaked panties. It appeared that the walk had encouraged my pussy to tighten hard over the plug and it was much more painful coming out that it was going in.
