 A round of applause went through the room accompanied by some cheering. It seemed I had done well as Masters' pig.

As I squatted, completely spent, with my ass pussy completely filled by the huge barrel, filled with nearly 2lbs of rubber, not just stretching my actual pussy but also my insides. My lips still covered in cum and piss, I was still involuntarily suckling on the cock gag in my mouth as though it were the most natural thing for me to do. 

My tits huge and swollen and tipped with very, very large nipples, matched only in obscene glory, by my cum filled distended belly hanging over and hiding my clit/ cock head from my view, it was swollen to its maximum size, fighting to break out of the metal bars of its cage.

My eyes staring out from the pig mask still breathing in huge hits of poppers with every single breath I took, 

I was a sight to behold, a truly, broken but trained pig. No longer thinking of any pain in my clit, tits or pussy just of pleasing Master S and the men he put in front of me. 

In fact the thought that passed through my pig addled brain was now only that I was thirsty for piss. Shame I didn't realise that with everything that had been said, I need not have worried about getting enough piss to drink. I really, really, shouldn't have worried about that.

Steve unshackled my wrists and began to help me up. This was easier said than done, I slipped in the slime of cum and piss and was barely able to stand up with my legs so stiff after kneeling shackled for the session of cock sucking and cum eating. Steve got me to my feet slowly and massaged my legs to get the blood flowing again. 

It was then, I realised fully the size and impact of the Man in a Barrel, I could no longer stand with my feet any closer than 2 feet apart the base of the plug was huge and forced a strange bow legged waddle from me. When I had been squatting with my legs wide apart it was far less noticeable, but now the actual pain in my pussy throbbed into my mind. I did what all pigs do at such a time, I took in more poppers. 

As the guys filed out of the room, Steve helped me down from the tray. 

"Steve you know what to do to get him ready for his yellow and gray hankies? Oh and include the recycling option?"

"Yes Master S, no problem I will go and prepare him, you want him in the middle stall Master?"

"Yes I think so, that has the best view from both sides and the point of view camera next to where his head will be too. I do want him entirely encased though, tight black latex, the full suit, hood, gloves, the whole nine yards."

"Oh and have him astride the Sybian, that'll start the process of him earning his pink hanky too" Master S smiled his most wicked smile at this point.

Steve attached a leash to my cock cage and led me forward with a gentle tug. For the first time for 5 or 6 hours I was completely aware of my clit and the pain from it. In my heart of hearts though I knew I deserved this, this treatment was what I was meant for, this was my place. Master S had freed my mind to be a true pig.

I was led back to the preparation room and Steve opened the door and told me to sit in a chair to the left of the door. I waddled over and ever so gingerly lowered my pained body down so as not to push the massive plug any deeper. The major problem of this plug though was that the base, as well as being 3.25 inches in diameter it is at least 2 inches deep, just the base.

So from where my ass pussy was clenching onto the snap back of the plug, a thick 2 inches of Rubber was hitting the chair before my butt touched it, then pushing upwards. So sitting on a chair was going to be pushing the huge plug in deeper and deeper, stretching my ass hole and putting more pressure making it almost open wide enough to retake the barrel.

As I set all my weight onto the plug, I felt like the entire thing was re-fucking me forcing my ass pussy to reopen to the widest it had ever been when the plug went in. All I could do was breathe in as heavily as possible and top up my slut juice levels. 

Steve collected a range of black latex clothes from the cupboards and brought them over to where I was with a large bottle of talc. He then pulled out the breathing tubes from my nose and removed the pig mask.

"Don't worry slut we'll get more juice going into you soon."

"Time to get you dressed as a beautiful shiny black latex, urinal slut, I think you'll look fabulous in this. Now time to put the suit on first."

Steve used the talc on my smooth legs and started to pull the stockings of a full rubber suit onto my feet and up my legs, he then had me stand and pulled it up to my hips. My arms were next as the suit came over my shoulders and he zipped the front up. 

The rubber was not the thin sort, but much more heavy duty, once he zipped the it over my distended belly I realised that the stomach was even designed for a big belly. It was the only part that wasn't tight as though allowing room for my stomach to grow even more. 

My new full tits were straining the rubber and filling both the bra inserts in the suit and the nipple shapes built into the suit. If anyone wanted to tweak a nipple or clamp it, that would be easy.

Steve then pulled a full face hood over, with eye, nostril holes and a mouth hole. As the hood went over he had to hitch the whole suit up ramming the Man plug deeper into me and then holding it in tight. I was overwhelmed by the claustrophobia of being enclosed completely and the sheer hugeness of the mass inside my pig pussy. 

Then a little relief as he unzipped a separate zip from my belly button to the small of my back, releasing the plug a little, much to my relief and also I realized giving him access to my clit and ass.

Steve then sat me down heavily on the chair forcefully fucking me with the plug once again, the relief only having lasted a few seconds as the base of the plug almost penetrated me.

He fitted heavy rubber mittens to my hands locking them in place with padlocks. 

Then he started to fiddle with my clit, removing the sound first, oh what a feeling as that came out. I hoped against hope that it wasn't going straight back in.

Almost reading my piggie mind Steve said "Now you can enjoy not having anything in your piss hole for a few minutes, before the Foley goes back in" shit that was what Master S meant by the recycling function.

"So to just explain slut, in case you haven't thought through the implications in your current state. The Foley catheter will be inside your bladder letting every last drop of piss that enters your bladder flow straight out and into your piss craving mouth. You'll have an ever increasing amount of piss to recirculate through your system as a perfectly self-contained urinal."

As he told me this he had removed the clit cage and with the range of drugs in my system which had had my clit desperate to be an erect cock again, I was rapidly becoming hard.

Steve smiled looking straight into my eyes, "By the end of this session you will be so full of piss, that the rubber suit you are wearing will be tightly stretched over your belly, full of cum from the last film and then so much piss on top of that."

"You'll be installed in the gay night club toilets next door and be there for all to use. It's now 3.45am and you'll be working through until the early morning. This is the heaviest period of use in the club a lot of drunk and horny people, desperate for release of one sort or another, you'll be well worked pig."

The pain as my cock regrew was intense, as was the wave of pleasure that swept over me. The foreskin was still held back by the size of the swollen head. Steve started to work my cock hard and I knew it was milking time again.

He stroked me hard, and with my pussy clenching onto the plug deep inside me, I came very hard and quickly into his hand. He smiled and then dipped the index finger of the other hand in my cum and proceeded to smear it around the inside of my nostril, pushing as much cum in as he could, first in one nostril then the other.

I didn't understand what was happening, until I breathed in and the absolute essence of cum filled my airways.

"You see slut, just when you though we couldn't give you a more intense cum experience, now you'll smell cum for the whole time your drinking piss."

Steve then raised his cum covered hand to my mouth and said nothing, simply looking expectantly.

In my current pig state I simply rocked forward and sucked his fingers clean. 

"That was the action of a truly trained pig, well done." He said it with real pride at the way I was embracing my degradation no longer fighting it in any way.

He then put new latex gloves on, opened a new Foley catheter and repeated the insertion of earlier into my softening clit. The internal bag was then inflated with saline and I saw liquid starting to run through the tube filling it with a deeply coloured, cloudy piss. Once the piss had filled the tube he closed the valve to ensure that he didn't lose a drop.

Steve pulled me to my feet again with the wide legged stance and my cock hardening by the second despite the Foley, my cock standing to attention with the catheter going up almost vertically. I looked at the golden tube and longed for a taste.

Steve then refitted the posture collar and clipped the mittens to it again raising my tits painfully, making the nipples rub on the inside of the latex.

"Time to go to the club now slut, we have a back entrance we can go through, you might get a crowd around you if we took you into the street in this state. But first we need you shiny like a true latex urinal."

Steve sprayed a can all over my latex clad body and then buffed it to a high sheen with a cloth, paying particular attention to my tits, belly and working my nipples so much that I groaned "Ohhhhhh fuck I love that"

"I know slut, I know you love it, but just wait for the Sybian, you were born for that, I'm almost jealous." He sounded genuine in that, but I was too far gone to tell.

He picked up the urinal gag and fixed the cock tube into my mouth and the urinal gag to my chin, fastening it tightly to ensure a good seal. Once that was fixed he took the end of the tube coming from the catheter and fastened it into a hole at the side of the urinal gag.

He smiled that smile again and said "Thirsty?"

I simply nodded and he opened the valve, the smell of piss and cum mixed together assailed my nostrils and I loved it. I started to suckle on the cock to make sure that the urinal didn't overflow. The flow was constant and I kept drinking.

He took a rubber sleeve one inch wide and retracted my foreskin fully and stretched the sleeve around the base of my clit head, snapping the pop studs into place. Now the head of my clit was kept fully engorged and out in the open, the foreskin could no longer retract at all. If I could have seen how I looked I would have loved the extreme look with the catheter protruding and feeding me.

His final modification was to take a head harness again holding my two beloved bottles of poppers on the side of my head, both bottles with a black rubber tube coming from them into two nose plugs which he pushed firmly into my cum soaked nostrils and my slut juice began to flow again, making my ass pussy twitch.

He clipped the leash to the front of the posture collar and led me forward slowly, my wide legged stance making my erect cock sway from side to side as I waddled after him.

We walked the full length of the corridor in the opposite direction to the stage, even with the muffling effect of the rubber suit I could to feel the beat of the bass of the music in the club.

As he punched in the number and opened the door the volume was magnified as was the bass and heat. I was already starting to perspire and realised that being encased in rubber would be a very sweaty business again all I could think was that was appropriate for a real pig, to be encased in raunch.

Steve led me through the club and around the dance floor in what seemed an exhibition to the assembled raving dancers. So many heads turned our way and I figured I'd get a different viewpoint of many of the customers that morning.

Steve led me to the toilets, most of the cubicles without doors, others with glory holes in them, then onto the urinal stalls. All 6 of them standard white porcelain urinals, but with a place in the centre already prepared by some unknown helper for the addition of a 7th urinal. All the time I just kept on drinking my piss, although the flow was slowing.

There was a Sybian sex machine locked onto a plate on the floor to ensure it didn't move. I recognized it from a number of film clips I'd seen of hands free orgasms for gay men. This one didn't have a large dildo attachment on it so I wasn't sure how that would work with me. 

There were also various attachment points and a metal bar at what would presumably be my head height coming out of the wall with an attachment at the end which I presumed the back of my hood would be locked onto. I also could see cameras which would be all around my head height to record the action for the piss pig film for Master S.

"Now kneel down facing outward slut posiition yourself right over the middle of the Sybian."

I carefully complied and straddled the Sybian with the plug just above the plate on the machine. Steve kneeling beside me started to pull the butt plug base and seemed to be screwing something into it.

He then, as I suspected he would, fastened the metal bar to the back of my posture collar keeping my head completely still. He then cuffed my mittens together behind my back, stretching my aching tits out hard in front of me.

The final adjustments of locking both my knees and ankles to the floor and I was absolutely immobilized, completely helpless. Sucking on a cock to get piss, feeling the sweat building inside my lovely latex prison and longing for some sort of sexual release now that my cock was released from its prison. 

As always over the last 11 hours or so I should have been careful what I wished for. Very careful.

"Now slut, this will all feel ok at the moment, but make sure you breathe in a lot of slut juice, a queue of piss filled guys is building outside and they are desperate to release piss and no doubt some loads of cum into you lovely urinal gag. Pplease make sure you drink as fast as you can and get the recycling going well, Master S wants to see a sustainable urinal in use."

"Sorry I should have said, I'm about to turn on the Sybian on a low setting, I have attached your Man in a barrel plug to the machine, which will vibrate the plug at up to 6500 rpm which by the way will fuck with your mind and ass pussy if we go that high. But the real fun is we can rotate the plug at 120 rpm, so 2 revolutions every second that will open you so beautifully, wide open and gaping, you'll be begging to be fisted by Master S in the end.

I groaned, my worst fears coming to fruition, but as the pig I was now, I longed for Steve to turn it on. I drank my ever flowing piss, which was now just a dribble until my body reprocessed it again, I breathed in my slut juice, how bad could this be, I thought, I'm going to love this.

Then it happened, Steve turned on the vibration low and my ass pussy, prostate and balls began to be massaged and stimulated.

"One more thing slut, you will be able to orgasm with the Foley in, but your cum will be forced to remain in your scrotum. You'll feel the complete orgasm but not the relief of release and then the stimulation will continue and take you back to orgasm. Now I know that sounds wonderful, but after the 10th dry orgasm, you'll be begging for release from the urinal." Steve chuckled as he said this.

Now breathe deeply and settle in for the ride of your life pig.

The vibrations were going through my entire body, even making my nipples vibrate against my latex prison. Then the door opened and a guy came staggering towards me, taking his cock out and draping it over the cup of the urinal gag and then letting his stream go, straight into my face, my eyes and nose, then most of it dribbling into the cup. I sucked eagerly trying to keep the level down on the piss.

My head was no longer in the game though, the Sybian was driving me mad, as the second guy came stroking his cock, I waited for his piss, but then I couldn't believe how quickly the machine had me to the edge as the movement of the plug directly on my prostate took me over the edge of orgasm. I gasped out load but couldn't move a single muscle as I came. 

As Steve had said there was an intense orgasm but no feeling of release or satisfaction, just straight back on the train to stimulation town. Not being able to move as I came, was like being fastened in tightly by a seatbelt in a car as you sneezed, the whole body felt it, every single muscle tightened and spasmed.

The guy was still stroking and obviously enjoyed watching a pig orgasm as he added a good load of cum to my urinal gag. I was no longer concerned about the mixture of cum and piss, just thirstily sucked his load down. Then he waited until he softened and proceeded to piss for what seemed like an age, strong dehydrated piss, I gagged a little but just had to suck it down.

Master S then stood in front of me as I started to move inexorably closer to orgasm again.

"You look beautiful pig, a perfect orgasming urinal, your groans may result in you getting a lot of cum as well as piss, but we know you love that. So we'll just make that beautiful pregnant belly of yours grow still further. I can't wait to see how much you manage to take overall when we drain you in a few hours."

"Moan if you want this to continue slut."

There was no conscious thought, I simply did as I was told and moaned loudly and repeatedly into the gag. 

"I thought so slut, that will sound wonderful on cam, people watching the video and seeing you in this most depraved situation, just moaning for more. Enjoy your rivers of piss, my little piss pig, oh and really revel in the Sybian, it will melt your brain after a few hours."

"Steve start the rotating part, after his 5th orgasm please, break him down still further. God he's some pig."

Then there was a constant stream of guys, some still dancing as they pissed, missing with some of their precious amber nectar, others who simply directed their strong streams directly at my face to let them dribble and drip into the urinal gag and the odd one who put their cock straight at the bottom of the gag to force the liquid down the urinal as quickly as possible.

At first I saw them as guys with cocks giving me their piss. But then slowly but surely I began to feel like a urinal focussing on recycling, drinking as fast as I could to get the piss flowing back out of my bladder and back into my throat. The constant stream from my catheter was building and barely abated now, my whole system filled with piss, circulating.

But still they kept coming.

I approached my 5th dry orgasm and groaned as for the first time ever, I experienced a multiple orgasm, or what I presumed was one as the spasms just came in wave after wave of sensations. I'd never felt anything like it, my entire body, shaking but totally restrained. It seemed to last an age and left me breathless. Then with the Man in the barrel plug still vibrating on my prostate the inexorable climb up to orgasm began again.

At least that's what I thought until Steve turned on the rotation too, whispering in my ear "Now to start the prep for your red flag, slut."

The intensity as the plug rotated every second was immense, it took me to a new plane, hard to even concentrate on sucking the piss down, but if I slowed too much, Steve blocked my nose tubes so I had to swallow more quickly to get popper laced oxygen again.

I drank and drank, no doubt some of the piss laced with second hand drugs, not sure if that had any effect on me with the level of adrenaline, poppers and drugs already in my pig system. My entire mind was addled and I had no idea what was going on, I was simply on auto pig pilot, sucking, drinking and recycling.
