 Sometimes, Andre had trouble looking into Haven's clear crystal blue eyes. She would be as mild as a kitten then a minute or mood would pass and hell hath no fury like hers. He often prayed to the Virgin Mary about how vexatious she was, only to stop himself because the Virgin Mary didn't listen to the eternally damned. He found himself doing this more and more often since meeting this tempestuous girl. For some reason when he took her from her childhood home, he was absolutely certain he could control her. He had her under his thumb for a fortnight, then she took the upper hand by refusing him his greatest pleasure. She went out instead, the Lord knows what she did but Andre did not.

He only heard the morning after as he was drowning his sorrows in wine, whiskey or anything hard enough in the mid-morning, hiding in a secluded corner table. The townspeople would whisper about how they found another body, grotesquely wasted and bloodless. A streetwalker, a count's son, a barmaid or anyone really, this phenomenon struck anyone at anytime.

Andre's calloused hands rubbed his dark hair as his head sank down to the table and once again, he prayed for both of their damned immortal souls. He pleaded with the Virgin Mary to bring her back to his arms so that he could keep her safe, not that she needed it. He chuckled at the thought as consciousness slipped from his fingers and he thought that the Virgin never listened to the prayers of the immortal damned.

Haven was hunting later that night in the Latin Quarter. So many luscious young priests from Sorbonne University, so little time. It was true that they were mostly gay but that didn't bother Haven. Blood was blood and she was hungry. She had followed two boys in long brown frocks, about her age to this alley. One had longer blond hair and amazing blue eyes and the other was smaller, a darker complexion and brown hair with almost black eyes.

The blond was leading the other to a room he had made ready but the blond kept stopping on the way, kissing and caressing his shy body.

Haven could see from here the slight bulge in their smocks but more importantly, she could smell them. Staying against the wall, she had learned that she had a knack for hiding in the shadows. This was helped immeasurably when she wore black dresses made from satin or velvet, which she did often. Her hair was unadorned for hunting and laid across her shoulders and down her back in a long blond ponytail of curls. Her steps were cautious to match the blond boy's steps so she wouldn't be heard in the alley. 

"Com'on, Franco, I want to show you. I want to make you happier than you have ever felt before. I want to hear...you...cry for me..." The blond one was panting now, unconsciously stroking himself through the fabric of his shift. He was getting very excited and Haven could feel need falling off him like waves. It felt delicious as she crept closer. 

"No, Brother Augustine, it will hurt..." Franco whined, disturbed by the display of Augustine rubbing his cock. He tried to push him away as his Brother groped at his loincloth. He smiled into Franco's shamed face as he felt his excitement also. He began pumping it lightly as Franco leaned against him for support, closing his eyes. 

"See, Franco, you like this! Just imagine what it would feel like in my...mouth." Augustine pleaded with the slightly smaller boy as he stroked his cock.

Franco gave in and allowed himself to be lead by the cock to the room that was waiting for him.

Haven watched in amusement. Catholics. 

They disappeared through a heavy wooden door and Haven caught it before it closed, slipping into the room's foyer. She saw that Augustine had lead Franco into the room that was slightly off to the side of this room, they weren't aware of her. They weren't aware of much except for each other, she mused, as she searched the room for a good chair to watch from.

Augustine sat on the side of the bed and reached into Franco's robes, parting them and the loincloth that covered his erection. The blond boy took great care as he freed it. His hands still stroked it, increasing the hardness but then brought it to his lips softly. He was rewarded with a moan as his lips encompassed the head, Franco exhaled and closed his eyes, concentrating on the feeling. 

Haven watched from the other room, she had an excellent view of their coupling from a safe distance. She has never seen men in a sexual situation but this intrigued her. 

Augustine was engulfing more and more of the head. Poor Franco was not going to last long as he began to buck his hips and lift his feet from the floor, trying to get a better angle. The blond knew what was coming so he opened his mouth and shoved the cock to the back of it. As soon as he closed his mouth over it and began to suck, Franco let out a desperate cry. His body thrust forth and buried the rest of his hardness in the older boy's throat.

"Oh yes...brother!!!" He moaned, spent from his exertions. 

Augustine released his cock from his mouth and Franco dropped heavily into bed, closing his eyes peacefully. His thick erection growing flaccid but still showing through his robes. 

"Franco, have you ever done that...before?" Augustine asked gently as he petted his lover's sweat from his wet forehead. He looked for all the world like a loving older brother. 

Franco opened his eyes and guilty stared at him. Augustine waited as the smaller boy wrestled with his inner demons. He knew that many of the priests had a taste for the younger boys and Franco was so young, plump and baby-faced, that he would certainly draw attentions from the fathers. Guilty, Franco admitted that many of the fathers had made offers like this, to raise his grades or just for pleasure but he had declined them.

"So, I am the first one you have ever did that with, Franco...? I am honored to be your first but with a body like yours, I will not be your last..." He smiled patiently to Franco's look of terror.

Augustine leaned over to him on the bed and took his tender face into his hands. He pushed his lips to the younger boys and was surprised when his tongue came out to probe his mouth. He let him entice and suck his come-covered tongue. He was truly in awe at Franco's head-long trip from sexually shy boy to wanton lover in a few minutes. As they were kissing, Franco began to stroke his cock and parted Augustine's robes so he could grab is hardness too. The older boy's cock was standing stiffly up and had a good amount of pre-cum covering the head. It helped him start a good rhythm to stroke his cock until it was angry, purple and ready to explode.

"Franco, we mustn't waste a drop of our seed, it says so...in the studies...oh, oh, oh...!!" Augustine said, as Franco slowly bent down to lick his erection around the mushroom head.

Augustine's cock was much bigger and harder to negotiate into his mouth. Franco was over-salivating to compensate for the girth of this cock, the clear fluid with pre-come mixed covering his erection completely. Franco reached down to the base of his cock and Augustine exhaled sharply in approval.

Haven was getting excited watching these two in action. Her skirt was getting wet as her sex rested against it in the chair she was sitting in. She wanted to finger herself but she didn't want to give away her location and was very much enjoying the show. She squirmed in her chair as quietly as she possibly could.

Augustine was laying down on the bed face up as Franco went to work on the cock that was standing straight up from his pelvis. His eyes were closed and his hands were in the younger brother's dark hair. Soon, he was pushing him further on his cock and trying to get to the back of Franco's throat, not to waste seed as best as possible. 

Franco took the cock all the way to the back of his throat in total submission. Augustine was holding him by the neck and used his other hand to push himself off the bed and deeper into the poor boy's throat.

With a loud muffled cry, he released his seed into the willing warmth that was surrounding it. He held Franco by the neck because he knew that he was going to give the boy a mouthful to swallow. Wave after wave emptied into Franco's throat, his brown eyes danced eagerly taking in all that he was given. Augustine released him and Franco wiped his mouth on his sleeve and smiled happily.

"Did you like that, little brother? Did you like my come in the back in your throat, coming so hard? You little harlot...I think you like this!!" They both dissolved into giggles and rolled on the bed, holding each other. 

Haven had to smile at their silliness but still she appreciated the love expressed and briefly thought about Andre. She frowned, he wasn't the same man that had met and he seemed to want to control her. She wouldn't have it, she was free of her family and truly wanted to do nothing except what took her fancy next. And these boys were definitely peaking her interests now.

Her thoughts turned back to the bed as Franco was becoming very bold, he had undressed Augustine and turned him over to play with his bare ass using his fingers. The older boy was spent like a coin from the oral excitement he had just received and accepted it willingly. Franco's fingers moved in his ass and encountered very little resistance. He smiled, knowing that Augustine must be regularly fucked by the fathers and he could understand why. His light blond hair and clear blue eyes were very attractive. 

Actually, Franco was very happy when Augustine had begun flirting with him. He was nervous but ecstatic when it became more. He tried to feign innocence and embarrassment but Augustine saw through that. Now he was putting his fingers in the blond boy's well-worn ass. He realized that he wanted more, he wanted to feel this ass on his cock. He wanted to be contained in the only way a celibate priest would ever know. He spit on his hand and rubbed it in the older boy's crack, when he was satisfied he used his spit to lather up his excited hardness with his other hand. Franco softly guided his cock into the loose ass and found no resistance so he grabbed the boy's ass and began to pump his back hole.

Augustine began to cry softly, "Yes, Brother, fuck me, I deserve it..." He spread his legs wider so that Franco could get deeper into him. He kept crying softly, actually crying grateful tears.

Franco revelled in this pleasure, this freedom. He was easily aroused and gliding through his brother's willingness at breakneck speed.

"Now you are the harlot, August...I am going to empty myself in you, are you ready, you bitch?" His voice was high with his pleasure and nearness to his peak. 

Augustine just grunted and backed himself further onto his cock in response. He was stroking his cock in an attempt to relieve himself.

Both boys were panting and crying from the exertion as they worked towards their orgasms. 

"Brother, with your cock in my ass, I am going to come...please fill me!!" Augustine cried.

Franco sunk his tool into the depths of his brother's ass and exploded there spectacularly. Augustine pulled back coming in a wet spurt, it landed on the sheets on the bed in a thick stream. 

Haven couldn't take it anymore and scrambled to the bed to lick up the mess, pushing past the shocked and speechless priests in training. She licked most of it up before it could sink into the absorbent cotton. Franco was still pumping his spunk into August's ass as he saw her enter the room and he was caught as if a small animal in hunter's trap. He pulled from the tight wet hole that he had taken so much pleasure from and covered himself embarrassed.

Augustine was surprised by the black of Haven's dress thinking that a priest had caught them in coupling. The retribution would be swift as one of the head priests was a regular and jealous lover of his, he thought.

He was surprised to see her blond curls spill over her shoulders as she licked the seed from the sheets...not wasting it. Haven was done and Franco looked ashamed but Augustine was smiling at her in wonder. 

"Mary?" He asked.

In return, she nodded and came to him, leaning in to kiss him sweetly then turn to his neck as she bit him fatally, drinking his hot lustful blood as fast as his heart could pump it. He fell from her grasp and his blond hair hid the bite mark on his throat as she turned to Franco. She was fairly sure that he knew she was not the Virgin Mary as he backed away from her as she approached. He put up his hands in submission and began a litany. 

Haven again mused at Catholic logic, here he was caught dead to rights with a lover, his prick covered with his lover's waste and his own come and he prays to his god for deliverance. She was ridding the world of stupidity as far she was concerned. 

"Franco, you are a very very very bad boy and have much to answer for--so yes, die with a prayer on your lips. You will need it." She said as she bit into him, savoring his taste, the lust that dwelt in his veins. 

He finally leaned against her, lifeless. She smiled and arranged them in the bed so there was no doubt to what these Sorbonne brothers were up to in this little room.

Andre woke up in their bed the next morning and lurched down to the corner table the inn kept for him and Haven, should she return. He ordered a bottle of the best liquor the barkeep had. 

Sitting down to drink, he listened to the talk around him, learning of Haven's adventures, third-hand as usual. She was busy, no surprise. When he asked the barmaid the whole story using his talent with her open mind, he had to smile. It wasn't her regular mindless kill, it seemed. She had wanted to dishonor the school involved and the boys concerned. His girl was so naughty, he was thinking as he caught the sight of a black velvet dress that he had bought Haven a few weeks ago when they landed in Paris. The one with pretty pink roses that matched her lips perfectly. 

Without thinking, he called to her and rushed out into the street. His skin burned slightly from the sunlight but was manageable as he scanned the crowded streets for her blond curls. He didn't find them and he walked back in to the inn, anguished. Again, he said, a prayer to the Virgin Mary for her safety until he was reminded that the Virgin didn't listen to his kind.

Haven smiled at his defeated look as he turned back into the inn. She was hiding in the shadows of an adjacent alley, watching his struggle. She would have to visit him soon but she had so many things to do. She pulled on her gloves and her hood up, proceeding down the cold dark alley. She had ridden the world of the count's son, the whore that was his regular hump, the lover he had taken from the University and the barmaid that had set it all up. Now she had to do a few more things and her retribution would be complete. 

"I might even go back to Andre, he seems to miss me so much, " She thought strangely as her paces gathered speed with her purpose. A sad smile cast a shadow across her delicate features. There was so much to do yet...

To be continued...