 Mina woke surrounded by naked limbs.

Some pale, some golden skinned, all beautiful. A sleepy languor filled her body as she looked around the dimly lit room and a small but satisfied smirk tugged at her full lips. Youths piled on the bed, the floor, each other, resting their heads on lush thighs, soft stomachs and hard chests.

How could she want anything else?

As they reached the age of 18, the age of selection, the most beautiful youths were sent to her and her king. And she reveled in her harem.

Its beauty.

Its debauchery.

Her bare feet echoed against the cool marble floor as she made her way to the throne room, torches fixed high on the walls lit the way down the hall, and seeing her King on the dias being pleasured by two of their concubines only added to the sensual mood she found herself in. Azrael's eyes were darkened with lust when they met hers, his voice rough and husky as he called out to her.

"Mina." His dishevelled hair brushed his broad shoulders and fell onto his brow almost covering his beautiful dark eyes. Regal features and a strong jaw were offset by sinfully full lips. What made his finely sculpted body even more magnetic was his effortless aura of strength and power.

Mina's lips met his in greeting before they moved to his ear, her voice husky as she grew more affected by the debauchery laid before her.

"I wish to watch today."

Having made her request she made her way to the throne and spread her legs over the arm rests, waving a hand in an air befitting a queen expecting obedience.

The male concubine currently worshipping the king's sex was a fey like boy. Dark hair set against alabaster skin, an innocent face and body that begged to be violated. He was a gift from a neighboring kingdom, a virgin sacrifice to barbaric gods given at the perfect selection age.

A ripe fruit waiting to be devoured.

Azrael felt his cock throb at the thought of further corrupting him.

Mina watched on as a darker skinned female concubine cradled the boy into her, pulling his knees up to his chest so that his small pink hole was exposed to the kings hungry gaze.

Mina couldn't stop her hand from wandering down to her leaking folds if she tried.

Azrael watched the boy's back arch as the woman stroked his length, placing the head of his sizeable cock at the boy's tight entrance. This seemed to distract the boy slightly and he looked down, his eyes growing wide at the terrifyingly arousing sight.

A snap of her fingers had a strapping young man crawling to the throne and devouring her the wetness that was growing steadily between her thighs, the concubine worshipped her sex as was expected of a subject to his Queen. Mina's eyes were firmly fixed on Azrael's turgid length as he pushed into the squealing boy. Even as he cried out his little cock was rock hard because he was in the presence of the most powerful King in all the realm. He could not stop himself from responding to the King's raw power.

His sweet cries filled the room and Mina felt herself grow even wetter. The harem boy between her thighs moaned as he was gifted with more of her nectar to coat his tongue.

The King began to dominate the boy with slow, deep thrusts. His thick shaft forced the boys hole to stretch wide and every time he filled the boy completely he smirked at the guttural moans that escaped his pretty pink lips.

Mina let her hands tangle in the hair of the concubine between her legs, tugging hard as he drove her closer to the edge with his skillful tongue. Between watching her beloved and having her concubine worship her with his mouth she was quickly approaching her peak.

The King himself was starting to fuck the boy faster, no longer teasing but slamming into his tight hole with the sole purpose of filling the boy with his cum. The sounds of pleasure from the throne room started to draw more concubines as they woke one by one. Soon the entire throne room was filled with beautiful concubines of all shapes and shades, and the heady atmosphere grew heavier as the concubines began to join in the debauchery themselves.

As the rest of the castle woke, the usual moans and cries were heard from the many bedrooms, the alcoves hidden in the hallways, and even from the stairwell when a pair of lovers had lost all patience to be joined.

This was the kind of day that made Mina proud to be Queen.

And just like that, surrounded by debauchery and hedonistic delights she felt herself come undone. The concubine between her legs dutifully and eagerly kept tasting her, quickly growing addicted to the unique flavor of his Queen as she cried out- her sweet voice filling the throne room.

At the same time the King roared in triumph as he found his pleasure within the tight depths of the boy, holding his hips bruisingly tight as he buried himself fully in the boys' hole and filled him to the brim with his thick creamy seed.

When the King finally released the boy and stood, the the boy was left in the arms of the lush bodied concubine who'd held him up during his ravagement. His hole was gaping wide and leaking cum down his leg. The boy himself had spilled his seed as the King had pounded away at a spot inside him that had him screaming. So he was covered in his own seed as well, his eyes glazed over and his face flushed from the pleasure he had received with the King's attention.

The King went to his Queen, sitting in his throne beside her and snapping his fingers so that another concubine knelt between his legs and started licking the cum off his thick shaft.

"Did you enjoy yourself my love?" The King asked curiously, an amused smirk on his lips because Mina was still shaking with every lick of the male concubine she felt on her over sensitive sex.

"Very.. very much, beloved." She stammered, taking another moment to enjoy the almost painful pleasure of overstimulation before she pushed the concubine's head away. When he pouted at the loss of the taste of her, she leaned down and kissed him slowly. Finally pulling away the concubine looked as dazed as the new boy on the floor, and just as content.

Mina turned to look at her beloved and held out her hand to him, entwining their fingers when he took her hand and smiling because she knew both of them were far from done in reveling in the debauchery of their kingdom.

The day had only just begun.