 Chapter 1:

I parked my car four houses down from the house the man I was following had parked in front. I watched the middle-aged man who was about six-two and wearing a brown fleece jacket, jeans and a brown baseball cap get out of his car, throw a backpack over his shoulder and walk up to the front door of the non-descript but rather large house in a newer subdivision of my north Idaho town.

I turned off my engine and was glad I had chosen to wear a thick black woolen turtleneck along with my jeans and black walking shoes. It was early March and the temperature was in the middle thirties.

It was my first stakeout. After a month of looking for a job to no avail, I had been hired by a one-man private detective agency as a freelancer. My initial assignment was to follow Gerald Jenkins whose wife suspected him of cheating on her and had hired my boss to find out. My boss, Samuel Richards, had another stakeout to run this Wednesday evening so he had entrusted me with the job. My only task was to keep a log of his movements after he left his job as a junior college professor of English.

His wife had gone out of town so that we could follow him and thus far he had gone home, changed clothes, gone to a grocery store where he had bought a bottle of wine and then driven straight to this house. It looked like it was a pre-arranged appointment since he had knocked on the door precisely at seven o'clock in the evening.

I knew he had not picked up my car following him since he had never looked back or made any evasive maneuvers. He had take the obvious route from the store to this house along our town's main arterial and then into the subdivision.

I settled in to wait for him, hoping it would not be an all-nighter which would mean I would have to remain parked on the street for a number of hours.

It was just after eight when a big RV pulled up behind me with its lights out. I slouched down in my seat, wondering why someone was driving his RV at this time of year.

I didn't hear any doors open or close and was, therefore, surprised when there was a knock on the driver's side window and I found myself staring into the barrel of a gun.

A giant of a man who had to be at least six-five and was built like a NFL linebacker opened the door and told me to get out. Like me, he was dressed in a black woolen turtleneck and jeans. However, he was wearing black leather gloves and had black woolen ski mask pulled down over his face.

I obeyed and said, "What's this all about?"

Immediately a gloved hand went over my mouth. There were two of them!

"mmmpppphhh!" I protested.

"Shut up!" I was told by the man with the gun. "Now, you little snoop, listen carefully and you won't get hurt.

"We are all going into that RV. We can do the easy way or the hard way. Which will it be—easy I hope?"

I nodded and they hustled me away from the car and into the RV. All the shades had been pulled and there was only a soft light coming from some kind of lamp on the main table. Before I could say anything, a gloved hand went over my mouth and I was once again told to shut up.

"Open up," I was told. When my mouth was open in went some kind of white fabric. A roll of black duct tape was produced out of a back pack and while the bigger guy held me, captor number two, an older man with short white hair, and a smirk on his face, tore off two six-inch long strips of the duct tape and very carefully placed them over my lips.

"Turn him around," the older man said to the ski-masked linebacker. He did so and my arms were pulled behind me and I felt rope encircling my wrists. The rope was cinched and then knotted. I was pushed onto one of the benches that made up the main eating area in the RV. The older man produced two more multiple foot lengths of the white rope and proceeded to very efficiently tie my ankles together and then my knees. I knew as he worked that there would no escape from his handiworks. Just a few minutes ago, I was rather bored and now, all of a sudden, I was bound, gagged and at the total and complete mercy of my two captors.

The odd thing about all this I realized was that I actually liked being bound and gagged. My ex-wife and I had played bondage games in the bedroom at least once a month while we were together and I had even, on two occasions within the last year, gone to a house in a nearby town and been bound and gagged by a so-called bondage master.

This time, though, it was not consensual bondage and I was quite fearful about what these two had in mind.

The older man pulled out his cell phone and took a picture of me. The flash caused me to shut my eyes and when I opened them he was just finishing sending the picture off somewhere, probably to his boss, whoever that might be.

He turned his attention to me, the same smirk on his face.

"How are you doing?" he asked. "Oh, that's right, you've got a pair of panties sealed in your mouth with duct tape don't you?"

Panties, I thought, that's just great. Jeffrey, my bondage master friend, was particularly fond of exactly the same type of gag. I felt my cock begin to stir and tried my best to ignore the memory of me on Jeffrey's St. Andrew's Cross, naked, a pair of frilly silk panties sealed in my mouth with white duct tape and another pair draped over my head in what Jeffrey called "the ultimate bondage embarrassment." 

The older man came closer and I saw he had another item of women's clothing in his hand—a pink mohair scarf. He ran a finger along my tape gag and, then, satisfied with either his handiwork or my complete helplessness leaned in even closer and whispered in my ear, "I am going to have so much fun with you," before blindfolding me with the scarf.

After he knotted the scarf behind his head, his phone chirped and he said, "Yes boss." A few seconds passed and he said, "Understood. We'll be leaving in just a minute. We'll bring his car as well."

He then said to the linebacker, "Take him to the bedroom. Lay him on his back in the center of the blanket."

I was picked up and carried with ease a few feet and then was unceremoniously dumped onto a bed.

The older man spoke again, more to himself than to either me or his accomplice, "I do such good work don't I?"

His hands patted my pockets and he said, "The key must still be in the ignition. You get into his car and wait for me to start the RV, then we'll drive to the ranch."

I heard the big man's footsteps as he left the RV. Then the older man began to prepare me for the trip. First, he took off my shoes. Once he started I expected him to rip them off but he was surprisingly gentle. When they were off he spent a minute on each foot massaging them with both of his hands.

Despite being helplessly bound, gagged and blindfolded this felt, well, delightful. It also succeeded in bringing my cock to full attention which did not escape my captor's notice. One of his hands slowly moved up my leg and came to rest on top of my cock.

"Well, well," he said, laughing, "what do we have here? Does the helpless snoop like being tied up and gagged? Or maybe you like that little foot massage I just gave you?"

I whimpered into my gag, causing him to laugh again and softly rub his palm over my jean-covered cock.

"All in due time," he said softly. "Of course, you will have to earn the right to have that cock sucked won't you?"

I nodded and moaned softly.

He ignored me and went to work. First he wrapped the blanket around my bound body and then he fastened it to me in three places with what had to be quite long lengths of rope. He had turned me into a wool-covered package that I had no doubt he would unwrap at his leisure whenever we got to where we are going.

He whispered into my ear, "Comfortable?" He laughed and then very softly said, "Eric."

His use of my name produced a surprised "mmmpppphhhh?" from me.

"Oh," he continued, "I know all about you. I have been looking forward to having you as my personal playtoy ever since you pulled your car onto the street where you weren't supposed to be."

He ran a finger once again over the tape gag and said, "Enjoy the ride and keep that cock hard for as long as you can."

Chapter 2:

For almost an hour I lay on the bed bound, gagged, blindfolded and wrapped in a blanket. I had little choice but to ponder my situation. The older man did indeed have me as a playtoy if he so wished. I knew there was little chance, given how expertly he had bound me, of me escaping. 

The nagging question that kept returning was how did he know my name? My wallet was still in my jeans and, as of yet, I had not been interrogated. Had I been set up by my boss? If that was the case and it was my only answer to my predicament that I could come up with, the next question was why?

I also did indeed manage to keep my cock hard, at least part of the ride. As I mentioned earlier, I had been bound and gagged before but I had never been bound and gagged without an agreement on limits and so on. My bondage master had wanted me to participate in a bondage party at his place but I had demurred, not being ready to join the bondage world that fully. I also am not at all into pain I had been afraid of what might happen in an environment where others were into spanking and whips and who knew what else.

Now, I had little choice. Whatever my captor wished from his so-called playtoy was what would happen. For all I knew, he planned to play with me and then dispose of me. I shuddered at the thought.

Fortunately though, I was able to return my thoughts to more pleasant matters, specifically, the way my bondage master had gently stroked my cock when he had me spread-eagled on his St. Andrew's Cross.

It was at that pleasant moment that the RV made a turn and slowed. It cam to a stop about a minute later and the engine was turned off. I heard the older man's footsteps come towards me where I laid helplessly bound, gagged, blindfolded and wrapped on the bed.

The first thing he did was place his hand on my crotch. He laughed when he felt my erection.

"I am really going to enjoy our time together Eric," he said. "It has been a while since I have had so interesting a playmate."

The door to the RV opened and I heard the footsteps of the linebacker approach.

The older man said, "Bring him to the secure room. You can leave him there with me and get yourself a well-earned drink for the bar."

I was picked up and once again effortlessly tossed over the big man's shoulder and carried out of the RV and into what was obviously going to be my place of captivity. A door opened and then shut behind me. After another dozen or steps another door opened and after a few more steps I was laid down on another bed.

I heard the big man's footsteps leave the room and once again I alone with the older man. I felt the ropes keeping the blanket in place being removed and then the blanket was pulled away. Next to be removed was the pink mohair scarf and I found myself staring at the rather handsome face of my primary captor.

He once again ran a finger along the tape gagging me and then patted my cheek softly.

"Here's how it is going to play out," he said. I am going to undo the ropes around your ankles and knees. Then I am going to peel of the tape and allow you to spit out those panties. You are going to say nothing. Understand?"

I nodded.

"If that is indeed the case I will untie your wrists. Then I will step back a few steps. You will see that I still have my gun. You will then completely undress. I have taken the liberty of providing you with a change of clothes for the initial hours of your stay with us. You will put those on and then kneel in front of me with your hands on top of your head. I will then place you in bondage once again, this time not as stringent. If this all goes well, I will explain what is happening to you. OK?" 

Once again I nodded.

I did not look at the clothes on the chair by the bed until I was completely naked. My cock was now limp but that was not my immediate concern. I was positive that once I was dressed and once again bound I would sucking my captor's cock. Despite being tied and gagged multiple times by my bondage master I had not yet performed this sex act. My bondage master was content to jack off in front of me while I was on the cross. 

My eyes widened when I saw I was to be dressed. Thick white calf-high woolen socks, pink woolen panties, pink woolen mittens and an ankle-length pink mohair turtleneck sweater dress had been neatly placed on the chair.

The older man laughed and said, "As you can see, I love wool, especially mohair. While you are my guest, you will have the privilege of enjoying the feeling of soft mohair on your skin. Now get to it."

I obeyed and thought that in addition to being dressed for his enjoyment, this outfit certainly heightened my sense of submission to my captor.

Once I was kneeling in the center of the room with my hands on top of my head, he came up behind me. Once again, rope encircled my wrists, He whispered in my ear, "This is intimate an act isn't it? My cock stiffens every time I do this."

Mine responded likewise as he knotted the rope around my wrists. He tied my ankles together in a similar fashion and then produced a leather strap gag that had a remarkably life-like couple inch penis on its business end. He gently put it to my lips and then told me to open my mouth. I did and in went the rubber penis and the gag was buckled into place. My bondage was completed by a pair of white silk panties being draped over my face.

He left me there while he went to open the door to the room. I was expecting Mr. Linebacker to return but was surprised to see a new character in my strange drama appear in front of me.

"Hello Eric," my boss, Samuel Richards, said with a big smile on his face. "I see you have gotten yourself into somewhat of a bind."

"MMMPPPHHH!!!" I shook my head in protest.

Samuel is my age, six-three and in quite good shape due to the many miles he puts in on his bike. He was dressed in jeans, black loafers and a thick white woolen turtleneck.

"Methinks you protest a little too much," he continued. "I know all about you. Your computer at home is loaded up with pictures of both men and women in bondage and your browsing history shows you visit bondage sites at least half the time. You correspond with and have visited a so-called bondage master who lives nearby. He happens to be a friend of ours."

"mmmppphhh?"

Samuel knelt in front of me and continued, "yes, sweetie, this is a carefully orchestrated situation you find yourself in. You are ours to play with. You are about to have the time of your life. And, of course, we are going to get as many blow jobs as we wish, courtesy of that nicely gagged mouth of yours. Run your tongue over that rubber cock if you wish and I do recommend it. You will be having a cock of one kind or another in your mouth most of the time you are here with us."

I did as told and ran my tongue over the rubber penis in my mouth. 

I watched through the panties covering my face as Samuel positioned himself on the couch with his jeans and boxers down around his ankles. His cock was already semi-erect and I knew whose job it would be to bring his shaft to full attention.

"Come here," he commanded. "Don't worry, Jeffrey here will catch you if you lose your balance."

I made it without falling over and positioned my pantied and gagged head within an inch or two of his cock.

"Eager to please, I see," he said and took off the panties and unbuckled the gag.

I ran my tongue over my lips moistening them as best I could. I was ready for this act of service to my boss. I began my kissing the tip of his cock and then licked it a few times, marveling as it stiffened. Samuel's cock looked to be about my size and I kissed its tip once more before taking just an inch of it into my mouth. I made a "mmmmmmm" sound and both men laughed.

Samuel told Jeffrey, "I knew it. He's a natural at it. Keep going Eric. Take it all in."

Once he was fully in my mouth, I began to slowly move my lips up and down his shaft. I did this three times before I was told to pick up the pace. I did and knew that he had been waiting for this moment for not only most of this evening but probably ever since I walked into his office and asked if he had any work for me. My position had turned out be just a little different than I had imagined but I was pleased nonetheless.

I got into the rhythm of it and alternated the pace of my lips. Three quick times up and down and then three times as slow as I could go.

It was during the fourth time that my lips moved quickly up and down that he exploded inside my mouth. Wow, I thought as he pumped his cum into me again and again, this is actually a lot of fun. I immediately remembered, as I gently held his cock in my mouth after he had finished, waiting to be told what to do next, that I had two captors.

Once Samuel's cock had begun to soften, he eased it out of my mouth. He stood up and Jeffrey took his place on the couch. He wiped my face and lips with a warm wash cloth and I moaned in appreciation of this small act of kindness.

My second blow job went very much like the first with the exception of Jeffrey's hands. He was obviously the one who had the wool fetish since he caressed the turtleneck collar of the sweater dress and my wool-covered shoulders the entire time my lips and tongue worked on his cock.

Like Samuel, he pumped his cum into me with remarkable vigor. And, as was the case the first time, I enjoyed every moment of it. In fact, with the exception of the first few minutes of my abduction when I was scared for my very well-being, I could not remember having more fun, even though I had been bound, gagged, blindfolded and dressed in women's clothes.

After Jeffrey disengaged his cock from my mouth and once again wiped my face and lips, he tied the pink mohair scarf over my mouth. I could speak if I really wanted to but I knew that this over the mouth gag was a symbol. They were in charge of me and I would speak when they allowed me to.

"Good work for a novice," Jeffrey said. Samuel handed him a glass with what looked like water in it and a straw. He pulled down the scarf and I drank deeply through the straw. When I was finished he tightened the scarf once again over my mouth. I felt Samuel untying my ankles and I knew the next act was about to begin. I hoped this would involve some play with my cock which was still rock-hard and was now bobbing around under the sweater dress.

Both men helped me to my feet and held me there for a minute or so, allowing me to regain my balance. They then led me to a corner of the room where I saw there was a double bed that had been outfitted with hospital-style restraints for the occupant's wrists and ankles. 

"Oh my," I said softly, hoping my words would not earn me some kind of punishment.

"Oh my indeed," Jeffrey said and laughed. "We know you must be somewhat tired after your adventures in bondage this evening. We have taken the liberty of providing you with a nice comfortable resting place. But first, let's get you ready. I am going to untie your wrists and then you are going change out of your lovely sweater dress and into some nice, appropriate night clothes. Understand?"

I nodded and the rope binding my arms behind me was removed. Samuel, with a big grin on his face, held up the top and bottom to what were obviously women's pink cotton pajamas. The wrist and ankle cuffs were trimmed in white lace. Crossdressing had never been a super big turn-on of mine but I had always wondered how it would feel to be dressed in women's clothes. Thanks to Samuel and Jeffrey I was sure finding out. First a sweater dress and panties, now pajamas.

When I had undressed down to my woolen panties, he said, "Leave them on, for now."
