 Aidan spent most of Sunday morning in the infirmary resting. The doctor told him it would be best to lie on his stomach as often as possible until his wounds healed, but the reminder wasn't really necessary – the pain when he turned onto his side to eat his breakfast was reminder enough. Graham hung around his bedside, not speaking much but offering food and drink and later, a newspaper. Reading the local news was strange now – he might as well have been reading about events on the other side of the world, as far removed as he was from normal society now.

He should have tried harder to find a job. Reading about the Irish Republicans who'd been arrested after raids on guard stations, he thought that even they might be better off than he was. At least they probably had some dignity. Some older boys from his orphanage had volunteered back during the civil war, and he knew at least one had been killed. Aidan had never particularly cared about politics, so he certainly hadn't wanted to risk his life, but even as an IRA recruit he'd have had a chance at keeping his freedom.

He should have taken a job unloading boxes at the docks, working in a factory, anything. Unemployment was high, and he'd been intimidated and overwhelmed, but he should have realized that an orphan with no connections, no experience and only a basic education had little chance at finding a career that didn't involve manual labour.

He realized too that mentally kicking himself for his poor decision-making in the past did nothing to improve his current or future situation, but it wasn't as if there were any pleasant thoughts to easily distract himself with. If he'd realized what inaction would bring him, he'd have made different choices, but it was hardly as if he'd chosen this fate. It was horribly unfair, but there was no going back.

What Aidan really wanted now was to talk to someone, but he didn't want to complain with the doctor listening. For all he knew the man might agree with him, but he might also report back to the headmaster. Aidan gestured to get the doctor's attention before speaking.

"When can I go back to my room?"

"Let me change your bandages first. Shall I send some bandages and ointment along with Graham and teach him how to do this, or would you prefer to come back and see me every day for a while?"

Graham looked up from the book he'd been reading. "I don't mind looking after it, if you want. I'm no experienced nurse, but you're probably not going to die. Not this week, anyway." He grinned at Aidan, head tilted. The sun shone through the window and illuminated his pale hair, and he looked positively angelic. He was bright and shining and smiling, and Aidan wished he'd met him anywhere but here. Then again, he couldn't imagine going through all this without someone on his side, so perhaps it was best to be grateful they'd met at all. He just smiled and shrugged weakly.

"Well, sure, if you don't mind."

————-

As soon as they were back in their room, Aidan sank face-down on the bed with a pillow under his chin, sighing heavily. It being Sunday, they didn't have any classes or work to attend to, so at least there was time to rest.

"You didn't have to stay with me all night and morning. It must have been awfully boring."

Graham shrugged and smiled from his seat at his desk. "Not any more than sitting here would have been. All I'd planned on doing this morning was reading, and you haven't kept me from that. I didn't want you to feel lonely after last night, that's all. You've been quiet."

"Well, I didn't want to complain with the doctor there. I'm certainly not going to act grateful for what happened, but silence seemed safer than saying anything that might be taken as insubordination."

"Fair enough, but if you'd seen Doctor Brennan's face after the headmaster told him to get out last night — let's just say he probably agrees with you."

"What keeps him here, anyway? He seems decent enough, but being a part of something like this - it's a job for a horrible human being. He seems to actually be concerned for our welfare, which means he doesn't fit in here at all."

"Who knows. Apparently he and the headmaster go way back. Harrington must be holding something over him. Or he just really wanted the money. Maybe he lost his license to practice medicine."

"What good is money if he's stuck here all the time?"

"Retirement, I guess? This can't possibly last forever, it's too risky. Eventually they'll have to shut down. I'm surprised no one's tipped the police off to this place yet, but Harrington's got a lot of cash and, apparently, a good eye for people who care more about their money or their pleasure than a bunch of young men with no families."

"If nothing else I'd think eventually one of the guys that leaves would say something. You said they get paid really well to stay quiet, but still, I don't know if I could live with myself."

Graham sighed. "Yeah, I've been thinking about that. It doesn't make a whole lot of sense. This place has been around for 6 years now, apparently, and eleven guys have left. I was told they just collect their money and stay quiet, but it's not as if we ever hear from them. We're here because no one out there cares about us. If any of us disappeared, who'd make a fuss over it?"

Aidan gave his roommate a startled look, his face growing pale. He kept his voice low in case anyone was listening, but it was hard to repress his shock. "You... you think he might be killing them."

"It makes more sense than the alternative when you think about it, doesn't it?"

"It does." He sighed shakily. "And yet you told me that trying to run away was stupid?"

"Because everyone that's ever tried has gotten caught. We have to figure out another way. I'm surprised you even got outside the house. I used to think about putting a note over the fence in hopes someone would find and read it, but usually they catch anyone trying to leave the house as soon as a window opens."

"We have to think of something. We can't just let them use us for five years and throw us away. What if the next person to leave knows what's coming and can prepare for it? Do you have any idea HOW he kills them?"

"They actually leave the house in a car, supposedly headed for a hotel that's paid up for a fortnight so they can look for a place to stay. My suspicion is that the driver gets rid of them instead, but I can't prove it. I could be wrong. There could be eleven guys out there who would rather get paid for the rest of Harrington's life than do the right thing. People are selfish and I'm sure it's hard to find a place in the world after leaving here."

"Either way it's almost too awful to think about."

"Yeah." Graham got up and laid on the bed next to Aidan, putting an arm over his shoulders carefully. "But we've got time, and we'll come up with something, okay? I'm not giving up. I have no idea what I'd do once I got out, but if we did it together, that'd be better than going it alone, right?"

Aidan nodded slightly and smiled.

"It's good to see you smile again. Seeing you get hurt wasn't much fun. But now Reed has to leave you alone for an entire week! You just get to lay here and watch him humiliate me instead."

"Though I'd like to be as noble as you, seeing you get hurt just a bit might be a little fun. Your face gets really pink. It's cute."

"Just my face?"

Aidan chuckled. "That too." He slid closer to Graham on the bed, yawning. "There's time before dinner for a nap, yeah?"

"Good idea."

————-

Later that evening, after dinner, Aidan and Graham both went back to their room. Aidan was still in considerable pain - though he'd managed to sit in a chair to eat it hadn't been comfortable, and he wanted to return to the comfort of his bed as soon as possible.

"You don't have to come back with me if you don't want to. I won't be much fun for a while, I'm afraid."

Graham shrugged and smiled, holding the door to their room open. "I don't really socialize with the others that much anyway. I spent most of my free time in my room reading before you showed up. Now I occasionally look up from my book, but that's about all that's changed. You're not keeping me from anything. Sunday's really the only day with enough free time for people to talk to each other much - I think that's probably on purpose. If we all actually worked together we could turn the tables and get out of here. Though I suppose not everyone minds being here, what with the free room and board. This place is a lot nicer than the orphanage I was in, for the most - I mean, the beds and the nice clothes and the good food. To tell the truth, I'd become sort of resigned to it, when I could tell myself no one was getting hurt too badly. But what they did to you reminded me that this is all pretty fucked up. That and wondering whether anyone actually gets out and moves on with their life."

"We have to figure out something, but you're right, we have time. And if I was faced with this or with sleeping on the street, I have to admit it'd be hard to choose."

They changed into their pyjamas and Aidan flopped on the bed.

"Reed will be here soon, won't he?"

"Yeah. Punctuality is one of his few virtues. I could set my watch by that asshole. Should be about five minutes now."

Graham began counting the seconds on his watch when there was only a minute left, and Aidan couldn't help laughing when the door opened with six seconds remaining. Reed looked at them in turn with a smirk on his face, his hair still damp from a shower. He was in pyjamas as well, but they were normal ones with a shirt and trousers, not the childish drop-seated one-piece garments that the younger boys wore. He was wearing a dressing gown as well, which he shrugged off, lying it across the back of the armchair.

"Well, I suppose it's good to know that your punishment hasn't ruined your sense of fun. It's rather ruining my fun for the week, but I'll just have to spend all of my energies on this one for the time being." He scrubbed a hand through Graham's hair aggressively. "You may have escaped a whipping, but I had a chat with Harrington and we decided it wasn't quite fair for you to have no consequences for not keeping a better eye on your roommate. I'll be giving my hand a rest so you'll have thirty-six coming with whatever I decide until things are back to normal. But since I'm so nice, you get a choice tonight. What'll it be, the hairbrush or my slipper?"

Graham narrowed his eyes. "You bastard. I bet you didn't talk to Harrington at all."

Aidan flinched as Reed quickly, casually reached out and slapped Graham's cheek. A pink mark immediately bloomed on his pale skin as his jaw clenched in reaction.

"Do you really want to test that idea?" Reed sneered. "Do you want to find out what he'd do if you came to him and questioned his decisions? Even if I was making it up, he'd still be upset with you for questioning authority. But if you want to go ask him, go ahead. If not, tell me what to hit you with and we'll get it done, alright?"

"Fuck you, Burgess. You're just going to do what you want anyway." Reed chuckled and sat down in the armchair, spreading his long, lean legs. He picked up the hairbrush from the side table and gestured to his lap. "Hairbrush it is, then. After the first twenty or so whacks with this maybe you'll regret giving me attitude."

Graham reluctantly arranged himself over Reed's lap with a sigh, and Reed cheerfully whistled to himself as he unbuttoned the seat of his pyjamas. "Really. If I were going to do whatever I wanted, I'd punish both of you." He made eye contact with Aidan, leering sadistically. "I'd love to hear the sounds you'd make with the state your arse is in now. But they want your wounds to heal as soon as possible so you can get back to work. Too bad."

Aidan frowned and watched silently as Reed started in on Graham, smacking the heavy wooden hairbrush down on his backside quite hard and fast. The first six blows landed in the same spot on the centre of his backside, then six more to the lower part of the right cheek, then the left, mercilessly. Graham was already wincing audibly and his backside and face were both very pink, but Aidan felt more angry than aroused, since it was obvious that Reed was taking great delight in causing significantly more pain than usual. After the first eighteen blows he paused and turned the hairbrush over, grinning viciously as he scrubbed the bristles against the reddened skin. Graham's legs stiffened and he let out a little cry of shock. Aidan glared at Reed.

"Oh, come on, that's just nasty."

Reed just raised his eyes to Aidan's and kept grinning, clearly not ashamed of himself in the least. "I'm sorry, were you under the impression that I was kind? Being nice is NOT..." he raised the hairbrush again, delivering another heavy smack to the middle of Graham's backside. "MY." Another smack. "JOB." Another, and he laughed to himself, shaking his head. "C'mon, kid, what did you expect? I'm not here to tuck you into bed and bring you hot chocolate."

By the time he finished, Graham was crying quietly, his limbs trembling. Reed started to button his pyjamas back up, then stopped abruptly. "Oh, I forgot to bring the plugs tonight. Sit still." He picked up the hairbrush again and unceremoniously thrust the handle into Graham's entrance, giving it a twist and rocking it back and forth a bit once it was inside him. Graham let out a choked cry of pain and shock, his hands forming fists at his sides. His muscles tensed at the invasion and he hissed through clenched teeth, tears still streaking his face. Aidan cringed in sympathy before his roommate opened his eyes and glared over his shoulder at the prefect.

"Agh, you jerk! You put that in dry!"

Reed just laughed and gave the hairbrush another twist. "As if you haven't been fucked without lube twenty times before. Don't be so dramatic. Go stand in the corner and shut your pretty mouth, unless you want another slap." Aidan frowned but remained silent, eyeing Graham's backside as he stood and made his way to the corner. Usually the maintenance spankings just left the skin pink for a few minutes, but this time it was irritated and red, starting to bruise slightly in places.

Reed leaned back in the armchair with a grin, arms crossed behind his head, and admired his handiwork. "Just stay there for five minutes and I'll be off." Graham stared at the corner with a sullen expression, wiping the tears from his face in silence.

Aidan squirmed a little, feeling awkward. A few minutes passed.

"Uh... how old are you, Reed?"

"Twenty-four. Why'd'ya ask?"

Aidan swallowed. "Just curious. You don't look that old."

Reed grinned. "I get that a lot."

"So you'll be leaving soon?"

"Probably after six months or so, yeah. Try not to miss me too much." He stood and gave the hairbrush in Graham's backside a nudge. "You can pull that out yourself. C'mere now, give me a hug and a kiss goodnight and maybe we'll start off on the right foot tomorrow." Graham gave him an flat, unimpressed look, but allowed himself to be embraced and kissed on the forehead as usual. Reed then walked towards the bed where Aidan was and tousled his hair. "Don't bother getting up. Goodnight. Stay out of trouble, not that you can move fast enough now to get into any." He leaned down to kiss Aidan on the head and sauntered away, still grinning from ear to ear.

Graham turned away from the corner and gave Aidan a self-conscious look as he reached back towards the hairbrush, and Aidan looked away politely. Graham set the hairbrush on the windowsill and buttoned his pyjamas back up. "I'll, uh, wash that tomorrow." He sighed.

Aidan smiled faintly and patted the mattress next to him. "Want to join me?"

Graham nodded. "I will, but I should change your bandages while I'm up."

"Oh, right. I guess I have to get undressed, then..." Aidan got up, unbuttoning his pyjamas and stepping out of them. He still felt a little shy, but he was slowly getting used to being deprived of his clothing, and at least with Graham there was nothing to be scared of. He laid back down on the bed, and Graham started to gently peel the dressings off.

"I can see why you hate him now. At least we won't have to put up with him for too much longer."

"Yeah, he's awful. I didn't realize he was twenty-four. That means he's probably the next one out of here, though I can't say I really care whether anything bad happens to him or not. Though I suppose if I don't say anything about my suspicions that makes me no better than he is. As far as I know he's not murderous, just an ass. But never mind all that. How are you feeling? Does it hurt?"

"Only when I walk... or move, or breathe. So, pretty much all the time, really." He laughed weakly. "But it's not too intense, for the most part. How does it look?"

"Well, your skin is turning some interesting colours. I'm just going to get the ointment now, hopefully it doesn't sting too much." Graham walked to the bedside table and picked up the jar the doctor had given him. "Let me know if I'm pressing too hard or if you need a break." He started with the stripes on Aidan's back, sliding slick fingertips along the raw skin and rubbing the ointment in little circles. The initial contact stung, but his hands were cool and gentle and overall the sensation was pleasant. Aidan laid his head on folded arms and did his best to stay still and relaxed.

As Graham's hands moved down to his backside, tracing the abrasions there, Aidan became aware of a new feeling, that of his heartbeat speeding up and blood rushing to his face... and another part of his body. He kept his legs together, hoping Graham wouldn't notice... or maybe he did want him to notice. He closed his eyes and tried to relax.

"Okay, almost done... except, um, does your hole still hurt? I know you weren't really ready for being taken that many times, and this stuff helps there too."

Aidan blushed even more. "Oh, I can do that myself..."

"Oh, it's okay, I'm already here. You don't have to be embarrassed, I mean, I've already seen everything..."

Reluctantly, Aidan spread his legs. Graham continued his task quietly, dipping two fingers in the ointment and stroking Aidan's aching entrance gently. Aidan found himself unable to repress a small sound, his hips arching off the bed slightly.

"Does it feel nice?"

"Y-yes... sorry..."

"Don't be sorry. You've been through a lot, so you should have a chance to feel good. Did any of the men on Friday get you to come?"

"No."

"Selfish idiots. Is this okay? Can I keep touching you?" Aidan suspected he wasn't just referring to applying the ointment.

"I thought it wasn't allowed?"

"It's not, but I'm not going to do anything that makes the headboard slam into the wall, so no one will know if you're quiet. But only if it feels nice and doesn't hurt too much, okay? If you want to stop let me know."

"O-okay." Embarrassed, Aidan hid his face in the mattress, but raised his backside a little as Graham continued to gently press his fingers against his hole. "I'm going to see if you can take two fingers before anything else, alright?"

Aidan nodded, and began to breathe harder as a single finger slid inside him. He couldn't control a trembling in his legs and he rocked his hips slightly, letting out a small whimper. "That's just one and you're making noises already... is it okay? Can I keep going?"

Aidan nodded rapidly, his face hot. Graham slid his finger back out and there was a small twinge of pain from the inflamed skin of his entrance relaxing, but he was even harder now, and Graham took a handkerchief from the table and placed it under his crotch with a smile and a teasing little stroke to Aidan's penis, which he realized was starting to drip. "Okay, I'm going to try two now."

The two fingertips massaged Aidan's entrance again before sliding in slowly, and he winced slightly but made no objections. Another small, shaky cry left his lips as the other boy crooked his fingers and insistently slid them back and forth, rhythmically, maddeningly grazing a little knot inside him that sent shudders through his entire body. Aidan realized he'd raised his backside even farther off the bed and felt embarrassed at how he must look, rocking back needfully against his roommate's fingers with a bruised and welted ass. Then there was another slow slide, and he was empty again. He turned onto his side, fixing Graham with a questioning look. Graham slid off the bed and stood up with an apologetic grin.
