 Dublin, 1926

Aidan was folding his laundry when his roommate Stephen came in. "Hey, Aidan. Matron wants to see you when you're finished with that." Aidan sighed. He had an idea what it was about. He was now eighteen, and could no longer stay at the orphanage. The matron probably wanted to see if he'd found a job and a place to live yet. He hadn't, and was growing worried. He placed his folded clothes in a drawer and walked down the hall to the matron's office. The matron, a kindly-faced woman in her sixties, smiled when Aidan opened the door. "Hello, dear. Have a seat." He did so, folding his hands in his lap nervously, and began to speak. "I-I know I'm almost out of time. I've been trying to find something, but all the flats I find are too expensive..."

The matron interrupted him. "Don't worry. I wanted to tell you about an invitation you've received." Aidan blinked. "An... invitation?" She nodded. "There's a small college not far from here called the Harrington School for Boys. Every year they offer a scholarship to two orphans in the city. You'd be able to continue your education, up to another four years. Your room and board would be included. I put your name in last month, and I've just received a letter from the headmaster. You've been accepted." 

——

A week later, Aidan packed up all of his things and left the orphanage where he'd spent the last eight years of his life. A hired car brought him and his luggage to a very large mansion, practically a castle, near the center of town. A high stone wall with iron gates surrounded the place, making it look somewhat foreboding. Aidan was surprised to see there were even two armed guards at the gate. Did important people go to this school? He'd never heard of it before. Two uniformed servants appeared to carry Aidan's things, and a tall, handsome middle-aged man stepped forward to shake his hand. "You must be Aidan Sheridan. I'm Niall Harrington, the headmaster. Welcome. Allow me to show you to your room." Aidan and the servants followed the headmaster up a wide, ornate staircase to the second floor and down a hallway. The headmaster knocked sharply on a door. Aidan noticed there were two nameplates reading "Ainsley" and "Sheridan." A young man opened the door and smiled slightly. He was a bit shorter than Aidan, and strikingly pretty. Very pale skin, a boyish face, light blond hair and large, unusually coloured eyes - a soft greenish blue.

"Aidan, this is your roommate, Graham Ainsley. He's just a few months older than you. I hope you'll get along well." Graham stepped forward and extended his hand. "It's nice to meet you." His smile was charming. Aidan found himself blushing a little and hoping the others wouldn't notice. The servants placed Aidan's suitcases in a corner and were dismissed. The headmaster placed a hand on Aidan's shoulder. "You can unpack later. For now you'll have a checkup with the school doctor. I'll show you to his office."

Aidan blinked. "Doctor? But I'm not sick."

The headmaster smiled. "It's just a routine checkup. Everyone gets one when they first arrive, nothing to be worried about. Come along with me, back to the first floor."

Aidan was escorted to a clean, pleasant infirmary - a large room divided into two areas. In the first, the doctor sat behind a large wooden desk, with shelves of books behind him. The doctor himself looked quite young, no more than thirty. He was tall and slender, with long, prematurely grey hair tied at the back of his neck with a ribbon and silver-rimmed spectacles framing his eyes. He smiled brightly. "Oh, hello. You must be Aidan. Have a seat. I'm Dr. Brennan."

The headmaster turned to leave. "I'll see you tonight at dinner, Aidan. Feel free to go back to your room when you're done here." Aidan sat down in one of the two chairs in front of the desk, clasping his hands nervously. The doctor took out a file and looked down at it. "Let's see... born in Dublin, started living at the orphanage when you were nine. You've performed well in your education so far. And you're eighteen, yes?" 

"Yes, sir. For a few weeks now." The doctor looked at him critically. "A little small for your age. But that's normal for some, myself included. Let's check your height and weight, shall we?"A normal enough start to a checkup, then. Aidan stepped onto a scale and let the doctor measure him. The doctor murmured the specifics to himself as he noted them. "Height five feet seven inches, weight one hundred and thirty-seven pounds, green eyes... is the colour of your hair natural?"

Aidan blinked, a bit taken aback by the question. "Yes..."

"Auburn hair, pale skin, freckles. Any scars or birthmarks?"

"None that I'm aware of."

"Very well. Please get undressed and sit on the exam table for me."

"...undressed? Can I keep my underwear on at least?"

"No, sorry. I need to do a full examination." The doctor smiled and shrugged apologetically.

"Okay..." Aidan undressed, feeling goosebumps rise on his skin, though whether it was due to a chill in the room or anxiety at the situation it was hard to say. He laid his folded clothes on a chair and sat down on the exam table. The doctor busied himself nearby, putting on rubber gloves and pulling out his stethoscope. Things proceeded normally enough at first. The doctor checked his heartbeat and breathing, took his temperature, tested his reflexes. But then things began to get strange.

"Okay, now, Aidan, please lie down on your back for me... okay. Now put your feet up here in these stirrups." Aidan did so reluctantly, not liking the way the position exposed his bare backside. He'd always thought such things were only for women giving birth or some such. He couldn't imagine what the purpose of such positioning was. He noticed the doctor had a ruler in his hand. He gasped when the older man gently grasped his penis and held it against the ruler.

"D-doctor, what are you doing?"

"Hmm? Just a genital examination to make sure everything's normal. There's no need to be nervous. Let's see... five point three inches flaccid. Certainly nothing to be ashamed of. Next we'll be measuring when it's hard. Just breathe calmly and try to relax." Aidan gasped again as the doctor wrapped his hand around his cock and began to stroke him slowly. His gloved hand was smeared with some sort of lubricant, which made it slide smoothly up and down Aidan's shaft. Aidan blushed furiously and shut his eyes, too embarrassed to protest. He hadn't been to a doctor in years, and for all he knew this was a legitimate part of a complete examination. He opened his eyes in shock, however, when he felt a slick presence against his rear entrance. He cried out quietly as the doctor inserted a lubricated finger into his anus.

"A-ah, sir..."

"Shh, shh. Just looking for your prostate..." the doctor probed further, and Aidan cried out again as the finger rubbed against a spot deep inside him. He felt his cock stiffening and whimpered in shame. The doctor removed his finger and picked up the ruler again. "Let's see... six point seven inches erect! Very impressive." He grinned at Aidan, who could only whimper and squirm in embarrassment. To his dismay, the doctor soon re-inserted his finger, pressing against that spot again insistently. "S-sir... if you keep doing that... m'going to..."

"It's okay, it's okay. That's the point. We have to make sure you CAN ejaculate, after all." The maddening stroking continued, both inside and out. "There, there. You're very tight... I assume you haven't had anything inside you before?"

"N-no, sir! Of course not!" Aidan was aghast. The doctor just chuckled. "Well, that's going to change." 

"Wh-what?"The doctor continued stroking him, and Aidan couldn't help whimpering. His toes curled as he neared the point of no return, and he closed his eyes again and panted for air as his orgasm overtook him. He felt the semen spatter his stomach and chest as the doctor continued to stroke him gently. "There we go. Very good. You're a fine, healthy boy."

"Wh-what did you mean, that's going to change..." The doctor smiled knowingly. "This is a very, very special school, Aidan. The boys here are educated to bring others pleasure. And in doing that, you're often going to find yourself getting things stuck in that cute backside of yours."

"What?! I thought... this was a university..."

"Oh, it is... of sorts. You'll be learning other things as well. But Mr. Harrington isn't interested purely in academics."

"Th-then I don't want to stay here! I'll go back to the orphanage... I'll find somewhere else to go! Please fetch the headmaster, I want to leave!" The doctor chuckled.

"Afraid I can't let you do that. You saw the guards when you came in, yes?"

Aidan nodded, still flushed."They're there to ensure no one leaves the grounds. Every student spends at least four years here. If anyone does get to leave, they're paid handsomely to keep quiet about this place... and assured that there will be grave consequences if they don't. So your best bet is to get used to it. It's not so bad. You might find yourself having a great deal of fun." Aidan was blinking back tears, suddenly despondent. "Did the matron from the orphanage know she was sending me to a place like this?!"

The doctor smiled, not unsympathetically. "Oh, yes. She's been working with us for years. You know how hard it can be to find places for boys your age. She can't be blamed for finding what solutions she can." He started gently wiping the semen from Aidan's chest and belly with tissues. Aidan choked back a sob, turning his face away. He'd always liked the matron, and thought she was fond of him too. This came as a terrible shock. He flinched as the doctor reached down and tousled his hair. "You'll get used to it."

"C-can I put my legs down now?"

"Not just yet. I know you're tight, but I need to see how much you can handle. Just try to relax." Aidan watched in horror as the doctor unzipped a leather case with several metal objects inside. It was clear that they were meant to be inserted into his backside, and he shrank in horror. The doctor removed the smallest plug and coated it with the same lubricant he'd applied to his hands earlier. Aidan whimpered pitifully as the slick metal object was pressed to his entrance and gradually pushed inside. It got wider, straining painfully against his flinching sphincter before finally narrowing once it was fully wedged inside his rectum. Despite the discomfort, Aidan felt a slight stirring in his cock. He supposed the plug must be pushing against that same spot the doctor had found with his fingers. The doctor pressed the base of the plug, smiling as Aidan's erection began to return. "There we go. That's a good boy." He slid the plug back out of him, and Aidan winced as the widest part of it strained against his aching hole again. The doctor rubbed the little entrance with a tenderness that Aidan supposed was meant to be comforting, but he couldn't get past his horror at having anyone touch such an intimate part of him. Soon a larger plug was stretching him, and this time he whimpered more readily, though his erection remained. The third plug, however, brought him to tears as it was forced inside. The doctor stopped there, examining Aidan's entrance once the plug was removed. "Okay, that one made you bleed a little, so it's the last we'll use for now. In your first couple of weeks here nothing larger than that will be used on you. Now just lie back and relax while I shave you. It should feel nice."

"Sh-shave me?! Why?" 

"All the boys here are shaved. In the future your prefect will be responsible for shaving you twice a week. Have you met him yet?"

"Prefect? Is that someone other than my roommate?"

"Yes. There's a prefect for every four students. They're sort of advanced students, who are put in charge of the younger boys. I believe Reed Burgess is your prefect. You've only met your roommate so far, then?"

"Yes." Aidan fell silent as the doctor brought a bowl of warm water from a nearby sink and began to gently lather up his buttocks and genitals. Embarrassing as this whole experience was, the warm suds did feel pleasant. The doctor wielded the razor gently and efficiently, and soon Aidan's crotch and bottom were entirely hairless. He was dried off, and the doctor finally allowed him to remove his feet from the stirrups and sit up.

"Can I put my clothes on now?"

"Not just yet. There's one more test - I need to check your pain tolerance."

"Uh? How do you do that?"

"Nothing complicated - I'm just going to give you a spanking." 

"What?! I haven't been spanked since I was twelve!"

The doctor chuckled. "Well, again, that's something that's going to change. Corporal punishment is the main form of discipline here, and usually that's going to involve your bare backside." He approached a comfortable-looking chair and patted his lap. "Just come lie over my lap like a good boy and it'll be over soon." 

Aidan felt like grabbing his clothes and running away, but he knew he had nowhere to run. Reluctantly he approached the older man and stretched over his thighs, his legs trembling as he tried to arrange himself. "There, there... just lie still and try to relax. You're not going to fall, I've got you." The man rubbed his back soothingly, then gently rubbed a smooth hand in circles over Aidan's backside. "You've got a lovely soft little bottom on you - I'm sure you'll be quite popular here."

The gentle stroking ceased, and was replaced with a firm smack. The doctor established a rhythm of five or six moderate smacks followed by more gentle rubbing. One hand remained on Aidan's lower back, holding him still as he flinched from the blows. The smacks gradually became harder, and the motions of Aidan's narrow hips against the doctor's thighs became more noticeable. To Aidan's utter humiliation, he felt his cock hardening again. The doctor soon noticed and chuckled. "Excellent, excellent. It'll make things much easier for you if you find being spanked arousing. Don't be embarrassed." He continued smacking him, much harder now, no longer caressing his heated backside between smacks. Soon Aidan found himself gritting his teeth and hissing, and when the doctor began to concentrate the blows on the sensitive lower curves of his bottom he finally let out a little sob. The doctor finally stopped spanking him, stroking his reddened backside gently again. "Oh, you're a sensitive one. I didn't have to use anything but my hand. How cute." Suddenly Aidan felt both of the doctor's hands spreading his cheeks apart, and a sharp smack landed directly on his sore little entrance. He cried out in shock, and the doctor laughed. "Okay, okay. Good boy. You can get up and get dressed now. Oh, and please take this file to the headmaster for me."

Aidan got up, hastily pulling his clothes on before reaching for the file.

"Okay... where's his office?"

"Oh, just go through that door right there. See that big mirror on the wall? It's actually a window on his side. He's been watching."