 I wrote of some of my bi experiences that have happened in the past in "My first guy"; "Business trip" and "Field trip to a bathhouse" This story brings my life up to date. It is a true story that happened a couple weeks ago. I truly hope you enjoyed. 

---------------------------------------------

Twenty-eight years old becomes forty-two in a blink of a eye. It had been fourteen years since Mike had reopened the floodgates of my thirst for men. It helped getting a few promotions at my employment. I was able to move my family from our sleepy little town to bigger cities where men were more available. Buffalo NY, Miami/Ft Lauderdale FL, Boston MA, were among my companies transfers over a ten year span. In all those cities I had a lot of occasions for me to fuck around with men, thanks to the internet. Through surfing the web, I was able to hook up with men on adult sites, find gay bars and check out bathhouses. 

The last transfer brought me to Columbus, Ohio. Things were going well until the economy finally caught up with my employer. Nine months after walking through the door of my new office, I was locking that door for the last time and depositing my severance check into the bank. It didn't take me long to see that thirty-two percent of my wages on unemployment insurance wasn't going to keep my wife and I in the lifestyle that we were used to. 

I called a friend who was running a office for a nation wide home improvement company (I had got him the job fifteen years ago), pulled my construction equipment out of retirement, and for the first time in 18 years I was installing vinyl siding again.

I started off on small jobs to get my feet wet but was soon taking on more challenging jobs. I was soon busy enough that I needed a helper to make the jobs go faster. I found out quickly that even in a recession, good help was hard to find. I went through four helpers in 6 months.

After finishing a job and firing helper # 4, I decided to stop by a quiet little gay bar in down town. I went to the men's room and came across the announcement board. Next to the out of date party announcements and rooms for rent ads was this note:

"21 year old OSU student looking for summer work". 

I thought about it for a minute. If I was to hire a helper from the announcement board of a gay bar, the helper would know I was gay...or at least bi. Maybe it was the beers I just had, but I felt brave. I called the phone number attached..

After two rings a young mans voice answered. "Hello?"

"Hi" I said, "I saw your on note for employment at the bar. Are you still looking for work?"

"YES!" came a quick response, which was replaced with a more fearful voice when he asked, "What would I be doing?" 

"Have you ever done construction?"

"Mmm...not really, but I am willing to learn."

"Tell you what, if you have an hour or two, we can meet bar and chat."

"Sure...I'll be there in twenty minutes," and he hung up the phone.

Almost twenty minutes on the dot walked in a boy about 5'7, 120 lbs brown hair and hazel eyes. I would have thought he was still in high school if it went for the "barb wire" tattoo on his right bicep. He truly was a cute.

We chatted for awhile and with a new job starting the next day, I decided to give him a chance. 

"You're hired. You start tomorrow. I'll pick you up at your house at 7am."

"Cool" said the boy named Joey. I got his address and left. To say I was nervous was a understatement. This was truly hitting close to home. My wife had not met or even talked to my other helpers, so I thought I was safe.

Turns out my worries were groundless. For the next 3 weeks I worked with Joey. He was straight acting and was quite funny. Still, he was really raw on knowledge of construction. I even had to teach him how to read a tape measure. But Joey really was a quick learner. Every once in a while he would make a mistake but his cute little ass on a ladder and the puppy dog eyes as he would say "sorry" made it difficult to stay mad at him for long. During the job we would talk about many things, sports mostly. Finally I did get brave enough to ask him how he learned of the bar where he posted that note. 

"I used to go there with ...umm...a friend on Friday and Saturday nights," was his reply.

"I see. Well what happened to your 'friend'?" I asked.

Joey looked down then back up in my eyes and said, "He graduated and lives back in Minnesota now."

"Do you have any other 'friends' like that?"

Blushing a little now he said, "No. Not since he left."

He then asked me how I came about that bar, knowing that I was married. My mind raced for a minute. This was the closest I ever had to having my two little worlds crash. 

"I'm bi," I said. "No, my wife doesn't know and I would like to keep it that way, ok?"

He smiled and said, "Cool with me."

We worked quietly the rest of the day.

On week four, the company was sending us on a huge job 3 hours away from Columbus. That is way to much driving to do in a day so after checking with him to make sure it was okay, and I booked us in a low budget motel for five days. We drove to the job, worked till about 8pm then went and checked into the motel.

After checking in with my wife on the phone, I went back out, got us some food and a few beers while Joey stayed back and showered. I came back into the room to find Joey wrapped with a towel around his waist and on his cell talking to his mother. Looking at that young, almost naked body started to make my cock stir in my pant. He hung up the phone, we ate and drank a beer. It was my turn to shower now. As I soaped up my body my thought kept thinking of the boy outside the bathroom door. This made my cock rock hard. I tried to jack off, but I have never had much luck masturbating in the shower and after five minutes of trying, I gave up and turned the water to cold. 

Drying off, I wrapped the towel around my own waist and left the bathroom. I was surprised to see Joey had not put on any night clothing on and was still in his towel sitting on the bed and staring at me. This made my already semi hard cock more ridged all over again. The room was quiet as he had turned off the TV while I was in the shower. I looked back at him. He just sat back against the headboard the bed but his eyes never left me. Without really thinking about it, I walked over to him and sat at the foot of the bed he was on. We talked for a minute. I soon came aware that his foot was press against my hip. I place my hand on his foot and gave it a squeeze. He opened his legs up, setting his one foot on the floor and keeping one leg on the bed. 

Taking a deep breath, I lifted his leg and slid under it, then replaced the leg across my lap after I sat. For another moment we sat there. Then I leaned into him and we kissed. Slowly at first then our tongues really started to dance against each other. He slid down the bed and I laid on top of him a bit more. While we kissed I brought my hand down to his cock and felt his hardness through his towel. 

Opening the towel I saw a tasty six inch hard cock, completely shaved. I let my hand roam over the bald cock and balls as I went back to kissing him. He moaned into my mouth as I tugged on his cock gently. I felt his precum at the tip of his cock. Using my finger, I swirled the precum around his cock head and then up to my mouth for a taste. I then new my little man was ready. I started to kiss my way down his body stopping for a minute to nibble on both of his nipples. Spreading his legs out I licked my way around his shaft and then took his balls into my mouth. With every suck on his nuts, Joeys cock would hit me in the cheek and nose. He continued to moan. 

"Dude, you need to suck my cock...please," Joey said very quietly.

I smiled and took his cock into my mouth and started to suck him. His twenty-one year old shaft tasted so good. Every time I would feel him tense up I would stop sucking and hold his cock in my mouth (this is something I learned from my wife and would drive me nuts to). This would make him squirm and buck up trying to get me to restart the sucking again. 

After the third time of doing this I knew he was going to cum the moment I put my lips back on his cock so I lifted his legs and pushed them over his chest. I then saw his asshole and darted my tongue into the puckered little hole. This brought him to an continues moan. I lapped his ass for about five minute. It was very wet with my saliva. I then replaced my tongue with my right index finger and slowly slid it into his ass this really started to make him buck. With the finger now knuckle deep, I put my mouth back on his cock and start to suck him hard. As I thought, it wasn't thirty seconds later before he erupted his young cum into my mouth. I gobbled as much as I could but some did escape my mouth and landed on his balls. I took my finger out of his ass, and smeared the excess cum into his tight ass hole.

Now it was my turn. I walked over to my toilet kit and pulled out the KY jelly that I had stashed and applied it to my cock and his ass hole. I thought Joey might object but as I applied it to his asshole he wrapped his arms under his knees and rocked back giving me a full view of his anus. Now back on the bed, I put my cock at the tip off his hole and slowly entered him. It was the tightest fit I had ever had, man or woman. I took my time working it in little by little. When at the hilt, I stopped to let him relax for a minute and then started to rock into him back and forth. 

With his eyes closed, Joey moaned. His cock was starting to get hard again as I started to pick up the rhythm. Try as I might to hold off cumming ten minutes into fucking this tight ass, I came hard and filled his man pussy. Tired, I rolled off Joey. He started to jack himself off and a minute later came on his belly. I rolled back over and licked it off, not wanting to waste a drop.

We stayed that way, cuddled under the covers. I don't get a chance to often to actually "sleep" with another guy. It was a nice change of pace.

The rest of the week we would work our asses off during the day and fuck each other asses at night, not to mention the one rain day we had where we never even got dressed.

UPDATE: Three weeks after this story happened, my wife and I decided to move back to Michigan for economic reasons, where we already own a house. Joey got one hell of a letter of recommendation...