 It was 1100 am and service had finished up and my parents were talking to Mr. Michael Derrington. They had been friends for sometime now and had always chatted it up after church. I liked Mr. Derrington because he was always nice to me. 

When I was 14 years old he noticed that I was shy and low in confidence due to my skinny frame. He took me to a gym and taught me how to lift weights to add muscle to my frame. It was strange because he was a massive burly man at weighing 300 lbs. at 6'3" but he knew weights. 

I didn't know but he had been a competitive powerlifter and, while big, he was solid. And hairy.

That was four years ago and through hard work and desire I've managed to bulk up to 170 lbs. with 10% bodyfat on my 5'8" frame. Thanks to Mr. Derrington I've managed to have a lot of girls in school throw themselves at me but I couldn't get over my shyness. 

I had desires but couldn't go through with them. I had watched hours and hours of porn but it all started to run the same.

Kiss, blow job, sex, orgasm. I needed more but I was afraid my shyness would always handicap me. Until I discovered gay porn. I couldn't believe it but I was unbelievably turned on by the act of two men fucking. The large, thick peckers shining with cum and spit. And when that bulbous head made entry into the ass my orgasms were literally explosive. I was painting the ceiling in my room. I tried to deny it to myself and I would not talk about it to anyone.

My parents and Mr. Derrington came over. 

"Hi Mr. Derrington." I said as I shook his large, powerful hand. 

He always gave an extra firm handshake. As if he was trying to overpower me. I would always squeeze back with all my strength but it would make no difference.

"Hello Danny." He said with his bass-like, burly voice.

My Dad placed his hand on my shoulder.

"Mike said he had some yard work he would like some help with." He said.

"Sorry to bother you, what with this being the weekend of your 18th birthday and all." Mr. Derrington said. "But old injuries keep acting up and it's difficult to take care of some housework and what not. And don't worry I'll pay you well."

"It's not a problem Mr. Derrington and you don't have to pay me, I owe you lots." I replied.

"We can discuss it later." He said.

"Could you go over now, honey? You're Dad and I are going to go see your grandparents." My mom said.

"Sure."

__________________________________________________

I had caught a ride with Mr. Derrington and we arrived at his modest home. Nothing spectacular but a nice home none the less. The front yard was manicured well but the backyard was a mess.

We walk into the living room.

"Make yourself comfortable." Mr. Derrington said.

I sat down and admired some of the trophies he had won in his career. Pictures and trophies revealed how strong this beast of a man is. It's intimidating and provoking thinking about the things he could do.

"I'm sorry but I should have told you that some help I need is actually lawn work but your overdressed." He said as he gives me a pair of cutoff shorts and a tank top with the midriff cut off. "I hope you don't mind but you can wear this so your clothes won't make a mess.

I was a little surprised by the clothes. They seemed...revealing. But I owed him so much that I didn't want to seem ungrateful. 

I had gone into the restroom and changed. The tank top was fine. It showed my washboard stomach so I really wasn't going to complain. The shorts though...they were another matter.

The cut was extreme. It was almost as if I was wearing a denim thong. Just about my entire ass was showing and the front wasn't much kinder. My cock and balls would peek out from one side or the other if I didn't shift correctly. 

The strange thing was how sexy the clothes made me feel. If it wasn't the fact that Mr. Derrington was here though, I think I would jerk off right now.

I walked out. A little embarrased.

"Oh my. Not much left to the imagination I see." he said.

"Yeah." I replied. 

"I'm sorry Danny, I didn't realize how badly beaten up the clothes had been." He said. "I can just take you home for a change of clothes if you'd like."

"N...N...No. I'm okay." I stuttered.

"Um...you might want to tuck those boys back in." He said pointing at my manhood peeping through the right side of the shorts.

My face turns bright red.

"I'm so sorry!" I say.

"It's okay boy. Nothing I haven't seen before." He said, slightly comforting me.

He goes over and puts a hand on my shoulder. "Remember when I taught you about lifting weights and trained you at the gym?" He asks.

"Yeah." I respond.

"Just for old times sake, call me Sir okay?"

"Yes Sir." I say without hesitation.

"Good. No go kick some weed's asses." He says giving me a powerful SMACK on my mostly exposed cheeks.

_________________________________________________

I had been out for almost an hour. On all fours. Pulling weed after weed. Mr. Derrington said he didn't have any tools and this would be good exercise for my hands and forearms. 

Sweat poured down my skin. My ass glossy and I continued to work on all fours. My balls exposing themselves. 

It felt as if Mr. Derrington had been watching me, but I couldn't me sure. 

"You look hot boy, here's a beer." He says while handing me the glass.

I get onto me knees and take the glass. "Are...Are you sure Sir?"

"It's fine boy. I won't tell if you don't." 

He stands next to me as I stay on all fours and drink the tall glass. 

I notice his cock is only inches away from my face as I look up at him. He's looking down at me, with a look in his eye's I'd never seen. 

A powerful warmth surges through my body as I also feel my heart beat faster. 

I continue to drink as I picture what would it be like to see Mr. Derrinton's cock. Would it be massive like him? I imagine getting fucked by him would be like being fucked by a wild animal. I'm sure his orgasm would rip right through me.

What? What am I thinking? 

I look down and see my firm, engorged member coming out of my shorts. It's a dark deep red as it try's to rip itself to freedom.

I put the glass down and stand up. Facing away from Mr. Derrington as I try to hide my shame.

"What's wrong boy?"

"Nothing Sir."

"Turn around." He commands.

"I'm okay Sir."

"I'm not asking boy, turn around." He growls.

My head down in shame, I face forward. My fully erect cock lifting my shorts and shamelessly showing itself to Mr. Derrington.

"I'm sorry Sir." I say.

"For what boy?"

"For this Sir." I say pointing to my cock.

"You mean this thing?" He says as he places a firm grasp on the shaft.

"Ahhhhh." I look up at him. I see a fire in his eyes. 

He begins to stroke it slowly, but still holding a vice like grip. 

"Nothing to be ashamed of boy. Might as well use what you've got." He says.

I try to pull away but his grip is too strong. It feels like I'd lose my manhood if I stepped away.

He strokes me a little faster. I bite my lower lip as pressure builds. Precum leaking out and acting as lube.

"You've got a nice little toy here boy." He says smiling.

"Thank you."

He gives my balls a light slap, a quick sharp pain causes me to flinch.

"Don't forget the respect."

"Sorry Sir."

"Unzip me boy."

I drop to my knees and slowly unzip his slacks. Instantly a massive horselike cock drops down and slaps against my face. It must've been a foot long and almost as thick as an aerosol can. 

"Be a good boy and get it nice and ready because today that glorious ass is mine."

My cock jumping at those words. My heart pounding. My thoughts going in every direction. 

What should I do? Do I run? Will it hurt? Do I stay? What about my parents? What's it going to taste like?

Before I know it Mr. Derrington rips off my tank top as he stands nude in front of me. 

As I'm still sorting the thoughts in my head I realize I've grabbed the monstrous member and begin to stroke it. I notice that I can't really wrap my hand entirely around it. I look at the throbbing head and begin to lick it like a lollipop. Salty precum fills my mouth as I now stroke the beast with two hands. 

"That's good boy." He grunts.

I feel his powerful hands on the back of my head and I feel him pull me closer. The massive head invades my mouth. Precum running down my throat. 

He doesn't stop and continues to push forward. Only a third of the way their and I can feel it push against the back of my throat. I gag and try to pull away but Mr. Derrington holds me in place and stops. I try to gasp for air through my lips.

"Through your nose boy." He softly tells me.

And finally I calm down. A soft moan as I feel his member rubbing all around my mouth.

I look up at him. Tears streaming down my cheeks.

"Are you ready for more boy?" He asks.

I smile. And nod. 

He continues the push slowly. For what feels like an hour. Until finally my nose presses against his pelvis and his balls are at my chin. It almost feels like the head is at the bit of my stomach. 

"God boy! Your mouth is so hot. How's your ass going to be?" He says.

He pulls out and grasping my hair he throws me onto my stomach.

He jumps behind me and rips my shorts in two. Exposing my virgin asshole.

He dives in nose first into my crack as he runs his tongue up my balls and into my hole.

"Ahhhhhhh!!" I moan. 

Long licks, interrupted by quick stabs. I was ready to cum right there.

Suddenly a phone is placed next to my face. It was on speaker. 

"Hello Mike?" 

It was my Dad!

"Yeah Tom. I just wanted to let you know we're going to be a while but Danny is doing a great job."

I could feel the thick, hard head pressing against my ass. I bite my lips hard as I reach for the phone to hang it up.

Mr. Derrington pins my arms down.

"Danny, your dad wants to talk to you."

"How's it going over there?"

"Uuum." I stop to breathe heavily. The thick cock slowly inching it's way into me.

"Good. Lots of...HARD work." I manage to get out.

"Well that's good to hear. Listen to whatever Mr. Derrington says and if he's fine with it you can be his helper for the summer." He says.

The entire shaft having forced it's way in I feel his heavy body on top of mine.

"That is a great idea Tom. I'm sure I can find lots of things for him to do. I might even need him overnight on occasion."

"That wouldn't be a problem if Danny's okay with it." My dad says.

I feel him slowly pulling out.

I wanted it so bad.

"Yes Dad. I'm okay with it."

"Ok. I'll see you later."

Just as the phone hangs up Mr. Derrington pumps forcefully down into my ass.

"OOOOHHHHHHH FUCK!!"

As my cock explodes between the ground and my stomach.

"Mmmm" Mr. Derrington grunts.

He grabs my wrists and holds the behind my back as he pulls me up onto my knees. 

He holds me in place and his hard long thrusts grow faster and faster.

My cock stirring. My balls twitching as he shouts. "Cum boy!"

"AAHHHHH!!!!" I've cummed again as I feel his thick warm juice filling me up. 

He continues to pump. I feel what must be a gallon shooting into me.

He releases me and I fall forward. Sliding off his cock. 

He gently slaps my ass.

"That was good boy." 

He stands up.

"Let's give you a nice hot shower before we send you home." He says.

He lifts me off the ground and carries me into his home.