 Chapter One

Ted was really excited about his plans to go hiking on his own up north in the wilderness. He was out of work and needed to get out of the city in order to take time to think about what he wanted to do. At 30 years of age he was in one of those in between spaces somewhat lost and not knowing what he wanted out of life. Ted stood about 5 feet 7 inches tall, weighed around 150, his body sinewy and naturally muscular. He usually sported a brush cut, his body covered in black hair. Most people thought of him as a quiet loner type somewhat standoffish who minded his own business.

This wasn't the first time hiking and camping on my own. I loved hunting and foraging for the food I ate and I loved living off the land as much as possible. My plan was to rough it in the forest all summer long. This for me was the life. I went about getting things ready and arranged for a friend of mine to drive me up to a major park reserve where I planned to begin my trek in the forest. 

It wasn't long before my buddy Jim picked me up at the apartment and off we went on our way up north to the drop off point, a place called Uncle Bob's General Store. Once we got there we enjoyed a good country style lunch at the restaurant located at the back of the store and after we ate Jim left without further ado and headed back home. We arranged for him to come and get me in two months' time. I was to call him a week ahead of time to let him know I was ready to come home. Uncle Bob's was a great meeting place for hikers, definitely a starting point for major forest excursions. People shared stories here, bought supplies and even showered. I was more than ready to get a move on; it was already 9 in the morning so I wasted no time making my way into the somewhat foreboding forest.

What an incredible feeling it was to be in the forest on my own at last. I walked along a little path for about two hours before taking a break. Time to grab something from my backpack to snack on. I liked the fact that there were many great pure spring watering holes in the area that I could get great drinking water from. After my little break I continued walking for quite a way when to my surprise I came upon a mountain stream. I realized it was the perfect place to set up camp for the night. It was picture postcard faultless. Off I went to find old dead wood to get a fire going in order to cook myself a decent meal, I was hungry and thirsty. The menu called for opening a can of Irish stew and taking out two pieces of pita bread from my backpack to sop up the gravy. The meal was delicious. After supper I set up the little pup tent and by the time the sun set I was in my sleeping bag in the tent asleep.

The following morning, I was up at sunrise feeling bushy eyed and bushy tailed sporting a huge piss hard on. After I let out a torrent of piss I got a little fire going to make coffee and decided to make pancakes for breakfast. I wanted to get going early so as to cover as much ground as possible. After breakfast I cleaned up, put the fire out carefully and set out once again on my solo adventure.

Sometime after lunch as I walking along a rough patch of land I tripped over a fallen tree branch, fell and sprained my right ankle. In no time at all my foot swelled and the pain was excruciating. I tried walking on my foot and that was pretty intolerable. I decided to rest for awhile and then got busy looking for a piece of wood to make a walking stick. I found a great old branch that was just right to use as a cane. I stood there for a moment wondering what to do next. Something prompted me to follow the stream that snaked eastward. I realized that I had become somewhat disoriented and yet it felt right continue along the stream and to remain calm and cool and that I did.

I hobbled along for quite some ways conscious that it was about to get dark soon. I was in pain and hungry and feeling not too great. Again I felt compelled to keep going when suddenly I came to a sharp bend in the stream only to find the most incredible sight. There stood a quaint rustic little shack next to the stream. There was smoke coming out of the chimney and a golden light shining through the side window. On the small porch sat two old used chairs. I was amazed to find a shack in the middle of nowhere.

Although apprehensive I hobbled up to the rickety wooden porch and knocked on the door.

I heard shuffling inside the cabin and then the door opened wide with a loud creak and there stood before me a huge man, a giant of sorts smiling at me with clear piercing brown eyes. I felt as if he was seeing right through me. What an apparition, he stood there totally at ease wearing a red one-piece long underwear and over that he had on a loose fitting plaid red flannel shirt. He was wearing a pair of work sox and huge construction boots. I notice that the buttons on his long john underwear were open down to just below his navel and I could not help but see and stare at his huge bulge, it was absolutely awesome to behold. He looked to be 6 foot 5 inches, robust and covered in dark brown hair and sporting a big bushy beard that went down quite a way over his chest. 

"What can I do for you he asked in a very matter of fact manner." I told him that I sprained my ankle badly and needed a place to rest for awhile. Without hesitating he said "well just don't stand their son get right in here" and with that he grabbed my huge backpack like it was nothing and helped me into his modest dwelling. "Make yourself at home. my name is Jack." He told me to sit down and offered to make me tea. "That would be so nice, thank you?" He got busy filling an old kettle with water and set it on the time worn wood stove that was already lit up. The place was sure quaint, small yet very cozy and clean. He kept looking at me here and there and sizing me up and I kept gawking at this giant of man. His hands were huge and I could not help but stare at his huge protruding bulge. What a sight. He seemed at ease as he scratched his big package now and then giving it a good tug so as to rearrange his manly equipment. He spotted me licking my lips a few times and he did not seem to mind. 

He served tea and suggested he have a look at my ankle. I gladly agreed coz the pain was getting worse by the minute. He had me sit on an old battered sofa in order to get a good look at my foot. I was surprised how gentle he was as he touched my foot here and there and asked if it hurt. After what seemed endless poking about he lifted his head and looked at me and told me he felt it was definitely a sprained ankle and that it was important to stay off of it for a few days. He suggested applying cold compresses and immediately set about doing just that. 

After the cold compresses he went and got a first aid kit and got wrapping my foot. Jack felt it was best to keep my foot up to get the swelling to go down. "Your best to stay with me for a few days until you are healed and ready to walk." I thanked him profusely for his kind offer as I wondered where I was going to sleep and have a piss because I saw only one huge bed and no bathroom. He saw me looking around and picked up on my thoughts. "You can sleep with me and there is an outhouse at the back. You can piss in my piss pot if you need to go, that way you won't have to get up." He went on to tell me he usually pisses in the piss pot several times before he goes out to empty it.

With that he brought the pot out opened a few more buttons and reached into his long john 

underwear and pulled out a huge fat cock. I was totally awestruck, I could see some of his forest like pubes, holy cow it was so thick and dense and his balls were hanging so low. What a cock. It was about 7 inches soft, uncut with a big mushroom head. This friendly giant towered beside me and proceeded to let out a steaming hot stream of piss into the pot. It was a sight to see.

Jack's manly virile demeanor sure turned me on. When he was finished he shook his big cock and then slipped it back into his underwear yet I notice he did not bother to button up and that was ok with me as it let me see his hot manhood. He then offered me a hand to help me get up off the sofa and held the pot for me to piss in. I was somewhat shy to piss in the front of the man. He looked at me and said, "no need to be shy with me, I am usually hanging out in my long underwear. Its just you and me here, just two men doing their thing, so don't by shy." With that he got me up and I unzipped, pulled my cock out and pissed. Jack observed my cock and balls carefully appraising them. "You have nothing to be ashamed of Ted. That is a fair sized cock son, how big is it if you don't mind me asking." I told him I was approx.7 inches long, I was cut. I then dared ask how big his cock was and he said it was 8 ½ inches long.

Jack asked if I was hungry and I let him know I was starved. It was close to noon so he suggested we have lunch in an hour, then he got busy preparing lunch. I had so many questions to ask and Jack kindly obliged. I found out he stayed up at the shack from early spring too late autumn and that he loved his privacy, enjoyed nature. His cousin Rick came out to bring groceries and general supplies every 10 days. He usually stayed for a night or two. I figured Jack to be around 58 years of age.

Finally, lunch was ready and Jack was helping me hobble over to the well worn kitchen table. Once seated he brought over a big bowl of steaming soup with two big pieces of crusty bread. He stood next to me for a minute, I could not help but glance at his crotch my eyes ogling his heavy bull of a bulge. I could smell his man scent, it was musty and cocky. He smelled like he jerked off and did not bother wiping his cock, he just put it back in his underwear. His cock smell was making me heady and excited. I loved how he casually put his hand in his underwear and played with his cock a lot. I also noticed after fondling his cock he then handled the bread we were about to eat. That did not bother him or me. I even think I got a whiff or two of his cock when I was eating the bread. 

Jack let me know he was glad to have company after being on his own for most of the summer. He told me he gets a little restless after being on his own for a period of time. Then he matter of factly asked if I had a girlfriend. I candidly let him know that I dated here and there yet did not have a full time girlfriend, with that being said he gave a knowing nod. 

As we chatted away I saw his hand disappear under

the table and realized he was feeling his man bulge and tugging at it. Once we were finished he suggested we have another fresh tea. That was certainly appreciated. He served tea and put a hand on my shoulder and asked if I was feeling a little better. I assured him I felt much better and thanked him for the food and his kind hospitality. He stood there right up close to me as he rubbed my shoulder. Once again I was smelling his intense cock smell and that was making my mouth water with desire. 

Then as he continued rubbing my shoulder he grabbed a hold of his underwear in such a way as to cause it to open up and let me see what was in there. Then he said in a low raspy voice, "is there anything I can offer you to make you feel welcomed Ted?" I did not dare look up for some reason, probably coz I was embarrassed and felt red faced and yet I could not help but look closer into the open underwear. I could see his man cock getting bigger. "Go ahead Ted put your head inside my underwear I know you want to and its ok son. Go ahead, don't be shy put your head in my long john underwear, its my special magic place and I only let special guys explore this hot treasure." 

I was excited and anxious. Jack held his nderwear open inviting me to put my head in there and so haltingly I lowered my head into his underwear as he got up close and tight thereby helping me explore his man cave. "Go ahead Ted satisfy your curiosity and let yourself enjoy what you discover in there." I let my head slip into his underwear and took a few deep breaths sniffing around and smelling his incredible cock smell. It was pungent and strong yet so good, virile and stimulating. "That is it son, go ahead and breathe in my manly cock smells, its quite ok, you have my permission to explore my manhood all you like. Take your time, we have all the time in the world for you to do that." I felt him spread his strong muscular legs open a little more as I sniffed his cock and huge hairy balls. I loved having my nose in his thick pubic hairs. What a treat. 

His cock kept on growing and leaking profusely. Jack was quite the dripper, I carefully started to lick his cock head lapping up all the good sap coming out of his huge cock. Carefully I opened my mouth wide and let his beautiful piece slide into my mouth effortlessly as I wrapped my trembling lips around his big piece of meat and began to nurse on it like some poor starving animal. "That's it Ted, you found the big treasure son. I like how your showing your gratitude and respect to me. You can suck my cock Ted all you want; daddy gives you permission to suck it like a good boy." With that I just melted and realized I was his boy from then on. He patted me on the head letting me know what a good job I was doing. He then closed both flaps of his underwear so my head was totally in his long johns, my head had disappeared into his special place. I had found the big treasure and felt so good and protected and secure. 

I love how Jack let me worship his cock and suck and milk it slowly and for a long time. I sucked and he fed me his delicious precum continuously. "Go ahead son, spoil yourself, suck my cock all you like. While you're staying with me I grant you leave to put your head in my underwear as much as you need to. I will gladly feed your hungry mouth. You deserve the best son and that is what daddy gives you. Keep sucking nice and slow son, not too fast." I was shaking with excitement. 

Jack sure had a way with words and I loved his encouragement. He made me feel special and wanted. I was amazed how he could stand for so long without shifting around. After a good hour of sucking and milking his big wholesome cock I felt it swell and get bigger. "Daddy is going to give you a big treat son, something special and much coveted. Get ready son and make sure you swallow every drop of my precious man juice, don't waste any son. I am going to flood your mouth Ted. Here it is." And the friendly giant started oozing a lava like flow of cum into my mouth as I reverentially tasted his incredible hot man juice. I loved how it poured into my mouth. It tasted so good, I was totally beside myself with joy. Jack was giving me his hot precious man juice letting me swallow it. He unloaded a humungous load of cum, it was spectacular. I kept my mouth on his cock for a good 10 minutes after he came so as to make sure I had every drop of his hot treat. I wanted to show him how much I appreciated his kind hospitality.

I loved how his big strong hands held my head in place while he came. I loved that feeling of being held like that. Then he patted me on the head and told me to come out. I got my head out of his underwear and had to re-orient myself. What a trip. I looked up at Jack and he smiled at me affectionately. Then he tugged on his big bulge and let me know I was going to have my head in there a few times a day and during the night. I knew it was my job now to milk his big fat cock as often as he needed to have it milked. I was his cocksucker now.

I thanked him profusely, kissed his big bulge

passionately and felt incredible. "You like my big hefty cock?" I assured him I did. He told me it was ok to sniff his cock and balls as much as I wanted. With that he suggested we sit on the little porch and get some of that wonderful country air. He picked me up like I weighed nothing and carried me outdoors, then he set me down in front of his chair. He sat down my head facing his crotch then he opened his long john underwear wide open and gently guided my head into it, then he closed up his underwear and fastened all his buttons up thereby trapping my head in his underwear. His muscular 8-inch cock was hard as a rock and throbbing again. I opened my mouth and gently and slowly started to suckle it. "You sure know your place son. I am proud of you. Keep that up and I am going to make you my official personal cocksucker." With that I felt myself swell with pride. 

I was in awe of this man. Everything about him was big and I wanted to please him so much. "Show daddy respect and worship his big man cock. Show me how much you like and want that big meat of mine." I was able to utter "yes sir, thank you sir" and then get his cock back into my mouth. He sat in his favourite chair filling his pipe a few times while I milked his big man cock. He patted my head once in awhile letting me know what a good son I was. Then he grabbed my head with his huge paws and held it in place as he let ooze out another massive load of man juice. It tasted so good and I was impressed with the size of his load. I gladly ate it all up, licked every drop of it and cleaned his big cock and balls washing them clean with my tongue all the while taking in his cum soaked long john underwear. 

He had me stay inside his underwear for another hour or so. He liked me holding his big soft cock in my mouth. Finally, it was time to get supper on the way. So I pulled my head out of my special place and Jack lifted me up and carried me into shack, sat me at the table. We continued to chat while he made supper. We had sausage and potatoes and canned green beans. More bread. 

It was started to get dark earlier so after supper Jack let me know he liked to sit on the sofa and read. Then he sat me next to him in such a way that my head was in his lap and once he sat down and made himself comfortable he pulled his underwear open and place my head inside and closed the flaps. 

All I had to do was open my mouth and let his cock in and suck. "Are you ok son" he asked at one point during the evening. I nodded yes without letting go of his big cock. It was so hard and leaking wildly. What a treat. He also let me know he was training me to be his cocksucker explaining that my focus was his cock and balls. Mine was to heal and get better and tend to his manhood. That's it. I was so happy to hear that. While I nursed on his big meat I noticed he let out a few jets of hot piss, quick light jets of piss into my mouth and I swallowed making sure not to spill any. Then ever so quietly without warning I felt his special creamy man juice coming into my mouth making its way to my throat. What a sensation and what a taste. I loved his juice. I cooed and whimpered as I sucked and swallowed my new found daddy's manhood and juice. He told me how much of a good boy I was and I sure was a sucker for that kind of talk.

Before long, it was time to go to bed. My first night with Jack. Again, he carried me to the big bed in order to avoid any pressure on my sprained ankle and helped me undress. I was only in my underwear. Then he took off his boots and big heavy work sock and got into bed wearing his long johns. I observed he had a real fetish for these. Once he was comfortable he pulled me into position with me lying between his wide spread open legs and inserted my head into his underwear. He made sure I was comfortable. Then I opened my mouth and he slipped his big cock inside and told me to suckle and milk. He let me know to swallow whatever was coming out of his big cock and not to spill or waste any. I nodded yes and he let out a few jets of hot piss, I swallowed quickly and he gave me more to drink. "That's it, drink all the good stuff down son, don't waste any now. Daddy has a huge piss load to give you." He gave me more and more until I was gulping down his hot piss without spilling any. He was letting it all out finally unleashing a huge torrent of piss and to my surprise I loved it. It drove me crazy. I felt him patting my head in approval. "Keep your mouth on daddy's big cock until morning son. "Yes daddy I uttered. Thank you daddy. I want some more please." He let me know he was going to spoil me during the night.
