 It was the look that unnerved me. 

It was too intense, too constant, unsolicited and therefore without reason. 

That's what I was telling myself. 

At the train station, standing in line and waiting to pay for my "Cafe Americano" is when I'd noticed it. 

Peering at me "through the heads" of others behind me. A few feet away, holding my glance too strongly. 

Certainly he didn't know me. He couldn't...could he? 

Then why the chill that ran down my spine?

Stepping forward I'm next in line and my mind went elsewhere, but for a moment only. Casually ... nonchalantly, I turned my head to look again.

There it was ... there he was.

Clear blue, unblinking eyes that stopped my head from turning. Held my gaze, held me frozen till the connection was broken by the woman behind me, her gentle nudge letting me know I could now pay my bill. 

///////////////////

It was a beautiful day in Italy.

High blue sky with billowy white clouds that dotted the green, mountainous landscape with moving shadows as they blocked the warm, energizing sun.

Altogether beautiful. 

There was still about a week to my vacation and I was putting thoughts of going home from my mind. I felt so comfortable, welcome and relaxed moving about all these strangers, thought of that time ending wasn't to be entertained.

I'd not rented a car on purpose.

I wanted to be amongst the people as much as possible and not sit solitary, alone moving from one location to the other. Normal life already had too much of that ; too much solitary confinement. 

Here I felt refreshed and invigorated by the warmth, graciousness of the Italian people. They didn't seem too hurried by everyday life to put some sunshine into yours. All you had to do was open your windows and let them in - which I was.

Making a train switch, I was waiting to connect with another that would take me to my destination and there was time to kill. So I was looking about at everything. Taking pictures of anything. Even small, inconsequential things that reflected their life. So different than mine, yet so familiar. 

I wanted to be able to remember, recall these artifacts and not lose them in a blur of memories. 

Then nature called and I set about finding a men's room. These too I'd found were different from ours. 

The camera was put up away. No picture taking to take place here. No interest to seem weird but I was still curiously noticing the subtle differences. 

The urinals in this bathroom were full body length not the little "depositories" you find nowadays and although the bathroom was empty, I sought out a unit that would offer the best privacy should someone come in. I wound up choosing the one at the end of the row, a unit in a small enclave with a "privacy door". 

Locked in and free to pee in privacy, I got to it and my eyes scanned the walls for any interesting reading. Not that I'd be able to translate or understand it but I always seemed to do this so why should Italy be different? 

No graphics could be found. No "For a blow job call ......" or "Suck my cock......" or what looked like the Italian equivalent.

No scrawls of an oversized cock and balls, a drip of cum coming from the dramatically large head. Universal symbols dating back to Cavemen times. 

Nothing. Just a plain ole "get in, get out" no kink for you today bathroom. 

It was then that I saw it. 

Not till I'd finished, not till I'd stepped away from the wall urinal, did I see the small hole in the ceramic tile.

About three feet from the urinal itself, about waist high and only about 1/4-1/2" in diameter, it was easy to overlook. If it were in fact a glory hole, which it probably wasn't since it was pretty small...I didn't think it in the right location.

I'd have thought it better to be nearer the urinal, where it would give the Watcher more that he'd come to see. 

It was then that I realized I was standing in the "line of sight" ... if it were a glory hole. It was then that I realized my crotch would be contained by that circle ... if it were a glory hole. 

It was then that I realized someone watching might think I was flashing them.

If it were a glory hole. 

It was then that my cock started swelling.

I knew the bathroom was empty. I knew that there wasn't anybody there, but still I looked at the door latch before I unzipped my jeans again. Before I leaned back against the wall and before before I pulled my jeans down. 

I was completely alone ... safe ... of this I was certain, but the idea of giving a show had made my small cock ache. 

Leaning back I gave the hole a good look at my bikini briefs. Rubbed myself slowly, squeezed the hidden hard on.

Pulling the briefs to the side, I exposed my smooth balls and the curve of my prick. Hard and pointed sideways. 

I stroked myself for "the hole". Stroked for the somebody I knew wasn't there but could be. The somebody who could be enjoying my self pleasures, could be getting excited by my giving myself up...could be...but wasn't.

Making it easier, I pulled the front of the bikini briefs down and snagged the waistband under my balls. This held them up higher and gave "the hole" a clearer view of my aroused cock, my trimmed pubes. With legs spread and pelvis pushed forward, I jacked off quickly. My prick aimed at the nobody on the other side of "the hole." My cum shots poised to fly at the nobody on the other side, looking through. .

Turning a bit sideways, I gave "the hole" a different view of my pole....my stiff and suckable pole.

Palming my balls, I let my cock throb loose while I worked my sac. Slowly ... fully ... I was teasing "the hole" with my prick bobbing up and down in front of it as I tugged on myself. I was giving the someone I knew not to be there exactly what he'd looked into "the hole" for : another mans need, his weakness and possibilities. 

Its these thoughts that would make another man look. These thoughts I was playing with. These thoughts that kept me stiff and stroking for five undisturbed ... safe and solitary ... minutes. 

I didn't want to make a mess in the bathroom. Didn't want the memory of leaving my cum on a bathroom floor in a foreign land, so I stopped and with some regret put my hard on back where it belonged and left the enclave.

It was then that I saw him ... or the shape of him at least. 

As I walked from the closed enclave I saw a man. With peripheral vision I saw him standing, leaned up against the wall. 

It was the wall with "the hole", the view into my area. 

My heart jumped. 

Heading for the door, I made quick stop at one of the sinks and saw him. From the corner of my eye he was walking towards me, towards the door. I finished and left just as he stopped three sinks away. 

I didn't look back ... but could "feel" him. 

As certain as I was earlier of being alone, now I knew he was there. 

Following me ... pacing me. 

I needed to get to people Needed to get lost in a crowd. Needed to run from the self I'd exposed. 

I'd thought I was alone ... free ... I was wrong.

My inner self was there ... always is ... and now someone else had seen it. 

///////////////////

There were only a few people getting on my train, but he was one. 

I watch him step on board one car up, trying my best not to get caught looking.

Hustling past people, I was no longer acknowledging them. Everything now seemed a silent rush, a desperate race to find an empty seat....to truly be alone. 

When the train started there was only one other person in my car. He was seated four or five rows behind me, his focus on the newspaper in hand. I took solace that it wasn't him, that he'd not come in. 

I was then that I noticed it. 

My cock was hard ... had stayed hard ... or just gotten hard ... I couldn't say. In all my mental hurry I'd not noticed but it was unmistakably stiff and showed no signs of giving up. 

Then he was there.

He was looking at me from the other side of the glass door between cars. That same plaintive, unemotional and blinking gaze. 

I looked back. I felt compelled to look back. 

He held my gaze as the door swung open...then closed behind him.

My cock was aching.

He held my gaze as he walked down the aisle to take a seat one up on the opposite side...facing me.

I could hardly breathe. 

His face always expressionless. I can only guess what he saw in mine but his clear blue eyes wouldn't release me. 

The train noise drowned out my hearing, the situation blocked out my thinking. 

All I could see was him. All I could feel was the pounding of my heart and urgent throbbing of my cock. 

I felt exposed...even more so than before. I felt completely naked before him...my hard cock making me weak, giving him my strength. I felt humiliated. I'd let this stranger peer inside a "locked up" me...but his stalking of it had me excited. 

I felt strangely safe. I sensed we knew each others minds...that our gazes silently transferred our needs, that both our cocks were rock hard and for the same reason. 

He glanced downward ...at my crotch...then back and "nodded."

I knew immediately what he wanted and it felt good. 

I wanted it too, more than anything now.

Oblivious to all else, I slid my hand over my crotch and squeezed hard.

The flicker of a grin across his face confirmed we were one and my knees spread.

In just a moment his full, hard cock was out. His fingers wrapped around it quickly and he began to stroke.

There was no wall between us now...there was no small "hole" funneling our desires. 

Sitting a few feet from each other in a open rail car, our eyes fed on each other. Our bodies were doing the talking and for the first time I was letting mine express something I'd never let it admit...that cock got me hot. 

My fingers found my zipper and soon I joined him...cock in hand.

I'd done it for "the hole" earlier. Now I did it for him and was much stiffer.

My pants down to mid-thigh I was fully exposed...for him....and I was smiling now... for him.

Watching him squeeze his balls...his hard cock thrust up to his lower stomach...I had to stop. 

I had to leave my cock alone. Had to let it throb untouched. Feeling that intense, almost burning sensation within it that only comes just before release, I could feel cum slowly creeping up. My dick head was fully expanded and glowing shiny red. The hole was stretched tight and any second I expected creamy white cum would squeeze itself out. 

Another tiny stroke ; just the slightest caress ; an inconvenient soft breeze....and my prick was going to spew! 

I "held" my position...laid out...cock pointed to the ceiling like a missile poised to blast off till the sensations subsided. 

He was smiling at my condition and began motioning "that way" and I understood entirely. 

Slowly putting myself together, handling my prick like a stick of dynamite I was soon headed to the back of the car. To the destination he wanted me at...where I needed to be...the men's room.

Conveniently, Italian train bathrooms are larger than ours, perhaps they do alot of this. 

I didn't lock the door. 

Turning, unzipping and lowing my jeans, I was going to give my hard cock to the first guy to walk through that door.

I didn't have to wait long before he came through to claim his prize and locking the door behind him, he slid to the floor and swallowed my prick in one wonderful gulp. 

"Ahhhhhhhhh........" I moaned. 

Slipping fingers through his hair, I gently pulled him close. 

I needed this so badly!

Still close to the edge, I couldn't hold out and with only a few pumps of his tender mouth I began filling it.

Long denied and emotionally charged, my prick unloaded powerfully. 

With ass cheeks clenching, I jabbed into him with each spurt...each convulsion of my balls. 

He was drinking it all ... or so I thought. 

Suddenly he was up and standing next to me I got the first true sense of how much taller he was. Dropping his lips onto mine, both our mouths opened wide and he let my cum slide down. 

With hands on the shoulders of his big frame, I was pushing my mouth up towards his and accepting the creamy treat. His tongue guided mine as it swirled and slapped the cum between us. 

My hands slid around his neck and I held his mouth and kissed him wetly, deeply long after we'd swallowed our share.

This was my first passionate kiss of another man and I was liking everything about it....not wanting it to end. 

So we sucked face for quite awhile. Playfully flicking and sucking tongue. So pleasing...so natural. 

Finally he stepped back, whispered something in Italian and unzipped his pants again. His rod slipped out as quickly as before only this time I was down on my knees, sucking on it.

I filled my mouth with him. 

Holding and pumping his shaft, my tongue whipped around the dick head.

My first cock and I was sucking it like an Old Pro!

I could hear him talking to me but couldn't understand a word. His hard prick was doing all the talking and its throbbing stiffness was saying that soon I'd be tasting some foreign cum...and it wasn't lying. 

He couldn't hold out either and soon his load was splashing between my cheeks. 

I wasn't sharing. 

Like all the pictures I'd taken ... I wanted to take this home to remember by ... so I did.

///////////////////

After I'd polished him off and put him back together all nice and neat, the two of us returned to our car. Sitting together this time, we rubbed legs and chatted like old buddies. 

Although unable to understand what one was saying to the other ... we felt a bond ... and it was floating in our stomachs. 

I never got a photograph of "the hole" ... but I'll always remember it.