 Chapter 5 -- Highland Festival -- The Bar 

***Hello Readers 

Quick note, my stories tend to progress a bit slower, if you're looking for quick paced sex scenes try another story. This story contains nonconsensual sexual acts. 

Also, some past people have nitpicked about small consistency details in my stories. I'm not writing a classic novel, I'm not going to take time to explain every little change in a scene. If you're looking for 100% accuracy in stories, buy a book. 

I hope the rest of you enjoy :D 

*** 

Holding on tight to Frank's hand I stare at his large back as we make our way through the bar back to our table. I didn't dare look around; not wanting to see any of the men that had tormented me in the bathroom. 

Reaching the table Frank has me slide into the corner booth first, forcing me to the center so that I was sandwiched between him and old man John who was sitting there waiting for us. Looking around in concern I didn't see Karen anywhere. 

John, noticing my panic, pointed to the dance floor. Following his finger, I see Karen sloppily dancing with a couple large men. Worried for her I stand up to go make sure she's ok, only to be stopped by the men on either side of me pressing me back into my seat. 

John speaks first; 

"Relax son, this is a GAY bar, your girlfriend is as safe as can be. It's only the 'boys' that have something to worry about." 

In usion both men grab one of my arms and place them on their laps, holding them there so I couldn't pull away. 

[Gulp] 

Feeling movement on John's side I looked under the table and receive a surprise. Someone was underneath John's kilt giving him a blowjob! It took me a second to register the rainbow kilt and skin-tight leather shirt as the one that Brian was wearing earlier. 

As John peels back his kilt, I stare in aww as it reveals Brian sucking on the old man's dick. John dick wasn't as large as Frank's, but it still put mine to shame sitting at around 7-8 inches. 

Noticing that he was putting on a show, Brian gives me a wink and starts to go to town on John's dick. Deep throating his cock so deep he could also lick his nuts. While Brian was nuzzling his nose in John's pubes, John takes my hand and puts it on top of Brian's head. He then puts pressure forcing me to push Brian further down onto the cock. I hear Brian mooooaaaan in content. 

Disgusted I try to look away, but Frank puts a powerful hand around my neck holding me still, forcing me to watch the show. Then he grasps my other hand and slowly works it further up his own kilt, Franks leans in and whispers in my ear; 

"Brian had to sit back and watch you get all the attention today. I think it's your turn to return the favor." 

With his hand still over mine, Frank forces my hand towards his own dick, and slowly closes it around his shaft. I shudder as I feel the size of it, feeling it radiate heat and throb in my hand. It's so large that I need to stretch to reach around it. He chuckles and whispers into me ear: 

"This is a real man's cock; it would probably take both your dainty little hands to work it properly. Meanwhile, I bet I could work yours over with my pinky." 

Blushing I knew he was probably right. 

With his hand still over mine, he starts to jack off using my hand while reluctantly I watch the show next to me. 

... 

How did this happen... Up until a day ago I had never taken a second look at or touched another man cock before. Yet here I was, in the back of a Gay bar, watching an old man get a blowjob from someone my age, while my hand forces his head down and the other is up another man kilt stroking him off. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN? 

Before long John's chest starts to flush, and his breathing became harder. He leans over to me; 

"Alright boy, you can either help Brian out by taking balls or ass duty." 

He then released my hand, hesitant I just watch Brian continue with the blowjob while Frank continued using my other hand to wank him off. 

John speaks up again: "Either chose 1 or you can take over for Brian" 

Slowly I take my hand off Brian head and start to move it towards John's ass. He grabs my wrist to stop me; 

"You need to tell me which one you want to do" 

I close my eyes... 

[Gulp] 

"Can I play with your ass Joh--" 

Frank tightens his grip on my neck 

Quickly I correct myself "Can I PLEASE play with your ass Grandpaaa" 

John smiles; "Alright, since you asked so nicely" 

I then timidly start to slide my hand towards his ass, cupping and playing with the furthest edges I could reach. John not impressed by my effort however takes my arm and slides half of it under his ass. 

Forced to crouch down my arm is now shoved so deep that I'm now cupping his far ass cheek. 

Almost forgetting about Frank, he pipes in 

"oh, that looks fun" 

Frank then releases my neck and takes my other arm and repeats the process pinning it under his ass. Unable to move now and slouched in my seat I look at both men as a twisted smile crosses their faces. Unable to stop them I watch as they reach over and start to fiddle with the belt of my kilt, Frank only using one hand as he continues to beat off with the other. 

Panicking now I start to plead with the men 

"Daddy... Grandpa... Please no, please stop, stop, stoppppp..." 

Unremorseful my kilt is wrenched free, and I am left once again, naked from the waist down. 

Immediately my cock springs fourth, rock hard and baby smooth. Sitting at around 4-5 inches it looks miniscule compared to the men on either side of me. John leans over and blows on my crotch, sending shivers across my body. Shammed I try to sink further down on my seat, scanning the 100+ people crammed into the bar to see if they noticed my exposed state. Then to my horror I see Karen and her buddies heading back to the table. 

John quickly stuffs my kilt in a bag just before Karen reaches the table. Luckily with 3 people between me and Karen, one them being the giant Frank, she couldn't see what was going on. Unfortunately, this also meant that they had no reason to slow down. A few of the closer men at the table were watching the show out of the corner of their eyes, licking their lips as they chatted with Karen. 

Frank started whispering to a couple of the men to his left and leaned over my head and passed a message along to John as well. Knowing that Frank was most likely planning some new torment I started sweating; there was no way I could explain this situation to Karen. 

Trying to escape proved pointless; both my arms remained pinned by the men's asses. Even if I managed to get out of their grasps, how could I explain my state to Karen? After a couple minutes of the ordeal I could tell that Frank and John were getting close to the edge. The group made eye contact with each other and nodded. Immediately 1 of the men next to Karen carried her back onto the dance floor giggling, as a couple others pulled out their phones, starting to film my ordeal. 

John then gave Brian a quick rap on the head so that he would stop his blowjob. Brian pulled away with a sad look on his face, like a dog having lost his favorite toy. Then John and Frank leaned in and started kissing my face, pointed their large dicks are my throbbing groin as they pumped their own cocks. 

I was blushing so much you could roast a potato on my face. I glanced at Karen praying she wouldn't look over. 

Then they exploded, spraying my furry belly and naked crotch in ropes of cum. Frank and John's lips never left my face as I was splatted in cum. A bunch of camera flashes went off from around the table as the strangers captured my humiliation. 

Both men then stopped kissing me, John snapped his fingers under the table and Brian quickly scooted over to clean him up, once done he moved onto Frank. Both men then lowered their kilts. I was now the only one left exposed now as Karen started heading back to the table. 

Frank leaned over and whispered in my ear. 

"If you let Brian clean you up he may even give you back a kilt to wear." 

I gulped, as much as I hated the situation I was in, having him lick me clean wasn't the end of the world. So, I nudged Brian with my foot to get his attention, immediately in snuggled between my legs and started to lap up the cum. Just as Karen sat back in the booth; 

"Come on babe come dance with me" 

I gave the men around me a panicked look, trying not to squirm too much as Brian lick my sensitive balls clean. 

"Maybe it a bit honey, I was..." 

My voice was cut off as Brian started sucking on my balls. 

Frank cut in to save me; "We were just trying to convince Tommy here to join the 'Best Kilt Contest' tomorrow night. He doesn't think he'll do well, but I told him that it's not always the large Daddy bear that win. Sometimes a small little otter boy takes the crown." He gave my hair a ruffle. 

Brian was now circling my cock head with his tongue; I curled my toes trying to relax. 

Karen chimed in; 

"Ohh babe that would be sooooo great. Look... you're out of your shell already; you're wearing the kilt. All you'll need to do is a little twirl around on stage, I'll be great" 

I was struggling to keep a straight face as Brian started sucking on my cock. Giving me by far the best blowjob I've ever had. I could barely reply to Karen, only managing to sputter out a couple sounds. Karen took this as a sign of my surrender.  

"OMG great, I can't wait till tomorrow night, I'll go get us some more drinks and let you boys figure out what you are going to wear" She gave me a quick wink and stumbled out of the booth. One of the other strangers quickly went to help her. 

As soon as she left the table Frank gave out a laugh; 

"HA... I've been trying to figure out how to sign you up for that little contest all day. It looks like we'll have some more fun tomorrow night as well." 

He gave Brian a quick pat on the head as he continued to give me a mind-blowing blowjob, teasing me towards the edge, and then slowing down. 

I pleaded with Frank: 

"Come on man, there's no way anyone wants to see me on stage in a kilt. You're all twice as muscular as me; I'll just embarrass myself and get laughed off the stage in front of Karen." 

Frank gave me a little "Tisk Tisk" 

"I don't think you understand what you bring to the table. I'm so sure you'll do well let's place a wager on it. If you don't place in the top 5 I'll give Karen that raise we've been talking about... I know you're tight on money and could use it." 

"However if I'm right and you do well, then I think I should get a little reward?" 

I gulped, here it comes... He already had me under his thumb; I had to make sure I got as much as possible out of it. 

"If you place 4th or 5th, we will add 1 more rule you need to follow this weekend" 

I nodded; I was already following 5 rules so one more wouldn't be so bad 

"If you place 3rd, you will stay till the END of the festival, no ducking out Sunday morning" 

I nodded again; the festival ended Sunday night, so an extra 12 hours wouldn't kill me 

"2nd place, you'll come work for daddy as his personal driver, don't worry I tip well" 

I stopped, this one was too much, I cut him off; 

"FINE, but if I manage to win this stupid contest then not only with Karen get that raise, but she'll get a promotion as well!" 

Frank gave me a smile 

"I'm alright with that buddy" 

Quickly I pushed my luck; 

"And I get to remove 1 rule for every place below 5th" 

He pondered this one a bit longer before finally he smiled and nodded. 

"We have a deal baby boy" he then gave my cheek a little pinch "You'll look so great on stage" 

Brian had been taking things easy while we were chatting, but now that we were done he started going to town again. Polishing my head with his tongue while he fondled my balls. 

I was hovering near the edge when Karen and her friend returned with the drinks. Karen could barely walk; it seems the other man had given her a couple more shots at the bar. 

Frank and John then turned away from me and carried on their conversation with the other guest while I tried to get ahold of myself and listen to Karen conversation. No matter what I did though I couldn't stop the building climax. 

It was then that I remembered rule #5, I wasn't allowed to cum without permission. 

I tried one final time in vain to pull my arms from under of both men asses, however they had me pinned down. Panicking I started trying to get their attention. Hissing in his ear I called out 

"Frank I need permission to cummmm" 

He pretended he didn't hear me. 

"frank... Frank... FRANKKK" I practically yelled the last one. Still he tuned me out, chatting with Karen and her friends. John was likewise pulling the same move and pretending he couldn't hear me. Panicking I tried to buck Brian off, however he was clamping onto my dick like a starving newborn. 

I tried to resist but I couldn't hold out, biting my tongue I had my second explosive orgasm of the day. My whole body started shaking as waves of ecstasy shook my body. Brian didn't miss a beat and gobbled down all the cum, sucking it out of me faster than I could produce it. Finally, as my convulsions ended, Frank and John released my arms and Frank slid a beer across the table to me. He then leaned in and whispered in my ear. 

"Rule #6, we choose what you eat and drink" 

He then slid an orange pill down the table as well. Realizing I had fallen into his trap once again, I downed the pill quickly and started chugging my beer, I wasn't going to last the night without a few more bathroom trips. 

... 

After my 2nd non-consensual ejaculation of the day, Brian (still below the table) helped me put a kilt back on (my reward). However instead of giving back the small kilt I had on earlier, he decided to give me the tiny rainbow mini-skirt he had been wearing and take the kilt I was wearing for himself. 

This combined with the fact that I was remained rock hard due to the metal cock ring, meant that I looked like another little sissy fag boy to the other bar patrons. 

... 

I remained rock hard throughout the entire night, which was a bit surprising as I wasn't 18 anymore. However, I assumed the orange pill may have also contributed. Luckily by this point in the night Karen had passed out in a corner and didn't see the new getup I was forced to endure. 

As the night progressed Frank and John continued to feed me beers and water, so that by the time the night was over I had to take 2 more trips to the bathroom. First John insisted on taking me, who was merciless as he spanked me. Unlike Frank he did it at the urinal, inviting a few other men to help him out. 

Then Brian took me. Thankful he took pity on me and only spanked me lightly in a stall, while he sucked on one of his nipples. It was 11pm when Frank finally stood up from the table and said it was time we turned it...