 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Chapter 4 -- Highland Festival -- The Spanking 

***Hello Readers 

Quick note, my stories tend to progress a bit slower, if you're looking for quick paced sex scenes try another story. 

Also, some past people have nitpicked about small consistency details in my stories. I'm not writing a classic novel, I'm not going to take time to explain every little change in a scene. If you're looking for 100% accuracy in stories, buy a book. 

I hope the rest of you enjoy :D 

*** 

It was noon on Friday, having spent the worst hour of his life on the train Tom was ready to curl up in bed and go to sleep. Instead he was forced to pretend like nothing was wrong, while he spent the day with his girlfriend and tormenters at the Highland Festival. 

... 

I was emasculated as Frank steered me down the streets, he's twice my size and easily a foot taller than me, making me feel like a child dragged along by his Dad. What's worse is that every slight breeze goes up my kilt and kisses my baby smooth balls and freshly shaved ass. Reminding me of the little boy crotch I now have. 

The new kilt the bastards had given me was more like a plaid skirt then a kilt, only reaching halfway to my knees and made of a thinner fabric then most kilts. That combined with the fact that the cock ring trapped me a semi erect state, meant I was always leaning forwards, hands cupping my groin, trying to hide my indecent state. 

This unfortunately gave Frank's buddies easy access to my vulnerable ass. As we made our way through town they would flick up the back of my kilt briefly exposing my ass, or they would use their meaty paws to spread my cheeks and tease my exposed anus. 

Thankfully, half way through town Frank's buddies parted ways, though not before giving my ass one last grope. Old man John had some friends to meet up with and Frank asked Brian to get a few things ready for their stay at the hotel. I felt sick thinking of what these monsters would do alone together, having experienced firsthand how brazen they were in public. Hoping to be in my own bed well before the end of the night though, I didn't give it to much thought. The men made plans to meet up at a bar at 8PM before they departed. 

... 

The day had gone from bad to worse. It turns out Frank not only worked with my girlfriend, he was something like her boss' boss' boss. He distracted her most the day talking about a possible promotion using his 'gay flirting magic' that most women loved, to feed her drinks all day long. 

I managed to push off the drinks myself under the guise of being a responsible boyfriend, when really I was hoping to make it through the day without going to the bathroom. I didn't want to find out what this 'punishment game' Frank had in store was. 

By the time night fell though Frank had managed to convince my girlfriend to stay at the festival till Sunday morning. Meaning my hell 'day' was going to last even longer. 

... 

By 8PM I was ready to burst at the seams as Frank guided us down some side streets to his favorite bar, the one he and his friends had planned to meet up at. Karen was so drunk now that it took both my hands to try and keep her upright, which meant that Frank could use the opportunity to play with my ass. He even gave it few playful SLAPS when he thought Karen wouldn't notice. Finally reaching the bar I read the sign and gaped, turning around I hissed at Frank. 

"You didn't tell me it was a GAY BAR" 

Frank gave me a knowing smirk "Would it matter" 

Leaning forward he whisper in my ear 

"Remember rule #3? We choose which festival related events you attend" 

He then directed me to a sign on the window. 

[The Highland Festival is a proud to be sponsored by many gay friendly establishments] 

He gave me a cocky grin. 

Resigned to my fate I made my way with Karen to the door, held up briefly by Frank as he whispered in my ear; 

"Easy there, my boy's outfit needs one little adjustment before we go in." 

He then hiked up the back of my kilt and tucks it into my belt exposing my smooth ass. Quickly I look at him to object, but he gives me a stern look and scolds me: 

"You have been trying to escape Daddy's bathroom punishment all day long. Once we have settled your girlfriend at table, I think it's time little Tommy boy had a tinkle." He then scooped Karen into his arms as she giggled and we made our way into the bar. 

... 

Lots of men gave soft whistles as I made my way through the bar; following Frank as he carried my girlfriend to a booth in the back. More than once I was subjected to a few cat calls from passing men; a couple guys even gave my ass a nice HARD smack giving the rest of the crowd a laugh. 

Blushing I stared straight ahead trying to tune out the crowd as I continued my way to the corner booth, reaching it just as Frank was setting my girlfriend down. Seated in the large corner booth were a couple men I didn't know, along with Brian and John. John was dressed in the same kilt and leather vest he had been wearing that morning, Brian however was now sitting on John's lap wearing a new getup. His 'kilt' was now as short as a mini skirt and was a rainbow of colors. He was also wearing a skin-tight leather t-shirt that read "Good Boy". 

I didn't even get a chance to sit down before Frank grabbed my hand and started to steer me towards the bathroom, just like a dad taking his boy to the potty. 

... 

[Frank] 

Frank almost felt like skipping as he led his boy to the bathroom. He had been putting up with Karen all day long, putting in the work so that he could finally get some alone time with his new special boy. Tommy had managed to hold out on going to the bathroom till now, the cheeky boy, now he was going to pay for making him wait. He was going to make sure that the naughty little boy's bottom got a spanking that he wouldn't soon forget... 

The bathroom was much larger than most bars', seeing as it mainly catered to gay men they didn't need to save as much space for the women's washroom. Just past the sinks on the left was a long metal trough for men to pee in, above the trough was a mirror for the men to check out their neighbors. 

He glanced at the trough only briefly. While he would love to share a pee with Tommy boy, he had other plans in mind for their first trip. 

Steering Tommy to a large handicap stall across from the trough, he closed the door behind them; making sure not to lock it, they wouldn't be alone for long. 

Quickly he spins around and pins Tom to the wall with one hand, as he fumbles to remove the boy's kilt with the other. The boy puts up a pointless struggle but eventually his kilt falls to the floor. The vest is soon to follow as Frank takes in the beautiful sight of his now naked boy trying to cover his shame. 

Enjoying the sight for a moment, Frank then disrobes as well. Basking in the fear he sees enter the boy's eyes. 

Tommy's hairless schmeckle had shrunken up in fear, making his cock ring hang loosely around his dick. That would need to be addressing soon enough. The tiny man tries in vain to push Frank's giant frame away as he closes in. Finally, his patients growing thin, Frank yells; 

"ENOUGH" 

Frank scoops the boy up in his arms, sits down on the toilet and seats the boy across his lap. As he lets go of him, the boy is forced to wrap his arms around Daddy's neck or risk falling headfirst onto the hard tile. 

Frank then starts to fiddle with the rubber cock ring hanging around the boy's smooth cock; bringing a little life back to the shrunken member before he finally manages to yank it off. 

Frank would have to act fast; he wouldn't be able to put on the new ring if the boy was hard. Pulling a tiny metal cock ring out of his pocket he dangles it in front of the boy's face. 

Enjoying the panic in the boy's eyes Frank says, 

"This is what you get for making Daddy wait." 

Tom finally speaks up, 

"Pleeease Frank, come on, it's too sma... groooan" 

Reaching down Frank gives Tom's balls a quick squeeze. Sigh... he's forgetting the rules already, that won't do. Frank speaks up; "RULE #2, YOU MUST CALL ME DADDY when Karen's not around, I don't see her, do you?" 

Regaining composure, Frank starts to fumble around to get the metal ring onto the semi-erect cock as Tom cowers on his lap. With a decent amount of precum and folding, Frank finally manages to trap Tom's cock and balls in the tiny ring. Enjoying the view for a moment, Frank gives Tommy a quick peck on the forehead. Then whispers; "Now for the actual Punishment" 

Picking the boy up like a rag doll Frank flips Tom over, locking the boy's willy between his monster thighs and directing it at the toilet bowl. 

Frank pauses once again to take in the view before he continues 

... 

I've never seen such a beautiful rump before. Even Brian, who I've been nurturing for years, can't hold a candle to this ass. Slowly Frank traces circles around the boy's pink pucker enjoying the shudder that passes through the boy's body. 

It's a shame the boy didn't misbehave more today, I would have loved to shove something up that beautiful ass tonight. Alright, time to give the boy the rules of his bathroom punishment. Clearing my throat, I explain the punishment; 

"Every time you go to the bathroom you will be SPANKED." 

Frank gave the boy's ass a quick smack to demonstrate 

"The duration of the spanking will be determined by how well you've been behaving that day." 

SMACK 

"You may regret stalling for so long today; making Daddy wait wasn't to your favor." 

SMACK 

"I'm going to give your little rump 10 smacks for every hour I had to spend placating Karen today, you will count EACH one out loud." 

"Once I have completed all 80 you may then Pee" 

SMACK SMACK 

"IF you start to pee before I'm done you WILL be punished. For each smack remaining you will continue to be spanked for 1 minute afterwards." 

"Oh, and I hope you don't mind, I invited some people to watch..." 

I then reach forward with my foot and pulls the door open 

I had texted some friends earlier to let them know I would be giving my new boy his first Over The Knee spanking. 

... 

[Tom] 

Looking up Tom sees a crowd slowly gathering outside the stall. There was about 5 or 6 men all cramming in to have a look. Some of them had even pulled out their cell phones to immortalize his embarrassment. 

This couldn't be happening, he had gotten used to John and Brian witnessing his embarrassment, but here was a bunch more men he didn't know, all recording their own videos! Things were spiraling out of control. 

Trying to wriggle free Tom found that his dick was firmly wedged between Frank's powerful thighs and Franks bear arm was holding onto him tight. Then it started 

SPANK 

Tom gasped, the hit was MUCH harder than any of the previous spankings he had been given. 

SPANK SPANK SPANK. 

Tom bit down on his lip to stop from screaming. 

SPANK SPANK 

Frank chimed in, "I don't hear you counting boy; those spanks don't count" 

SPANK 

Unclenching his jaw Tom yells: 

"1" 

SPANK 

"2" 

SPANK 

"3" 

... On and on the assault continued, Tom couldn't believe the pain he was in. While Frank would normally alternate left and right cheeks, every once and a while he would mix things and focus on the same one for multiple hits. This kept him on his toes. 

SPANK SPANK "20, 21" 

After every little batch Frank would play with his ass cheeks, stretching them apart and ramming them together. He liked to squeeze both his cheeks and kneed them like fresh dough. Tom's ass was now on fire and his voice was getting hoarse. 

SPANK SPANK... "30... 31" 

Frank adjusted his monster cock so that is was trapped between his belly and Tom waists, enjoying the feeling of the smooth boy as he hoped on his lap after each smack, rubbing his cock. Tom could feel the beast radiating heat against his side. 

SPANK... "40" 

Tom was now fighting to keep back tears, trying to remind himself that he was halfway done. Turning his head away from the men to hide his shame a few tears start to slide down his face until Frank's rough hands wiped the tears away. Looking up at the man in shame Tom sees Frank suck the tears of his fingers, a smug smile on his face. 

SPANK... "50" 

Crying like a baby now Tom was struggling to keep count. After a couple more smacks land and Tom fails to count them out, Frank takes ahold of both his ass cheeks and pretends to talk with them in a high pitched voice. 

"Hey guys, little Tommy here would be SUPER grateful if you could help him count. The little boy hasn't learned to count this high yet" 

The men around gave a chuckle and started resuming the count for him 

"53, 54" 

Frank had now decided to focus his assault on the left cheek, hoping to break the boy sooner. 

"57, 58" 

Tom was struggling to stay in control, his whole body was shaking 

"61, 62" 

Sucking is as tight as possible Tom feels a couple drops escape his dick 

"63, 64..." 

Finally Tom releases, bawling on the man's lap like a giant baby, he loses control of his bladder. 

The room goes quiet as everyone listens to the little boy peeing. Till finally, the last drop falls, and Franks speaks. 

SPANK 

"You still had 16 spanks left boy... but I'll make you a deal." Instead of me spanking you for 16 more minutes..." 

He gave him one more hard SMACK to emphasis his point. 

"You can give the other six fellas here a turn for a minute. After which you will give them each a little kiss to thank them for keeping count while you cried like a little brat." 

Sniffling Tom thinks about his 'options'... 

He knew he had little choice; he couldn't take another 16 minutes of this hell from Frank. Looking up at the men staring at him with their greedy eye he knew they wouldn't be going easy on him. Luckily, they weren't as big as Frank, so they couldn't possibly be as bad could they? And a kiss wouldn't be too bad right... he had already been forced to do thaaaat with Brian. 

... 

"Ok...[gulp] Daddy... I'll let the other men spank me" 

Slowly I'm forced to stand up as the first man takes Franks place on the toilet. Broken now I don't even try to cover up my willy as the men mock its size. Then I'm lowered back down across the man's lap. He was wearing denim pants which felt rough against my smooth ball. He starts. 

SMACK 

He wasn't as bad as Frank, but he was still rough. Making sure to not only spank my ass but cover my thighs with some swats as well. After the 60 seconds was up I slowly got off his lap and give him a quick kiss on the cheek, blushing and saying, "thank you". 

The next two men are wearing leather pants, which felt great rubbing against my trapped member. Slowly I dry humped their laps as they rained down slaps on my ass, helping distract me from the pain. The first of the two leather men got a kiss on the lips, while the second one plunges his tongue deep down my throat. 

Next were 2 men wearing kilts, both men were large, though they had nothing on Frank. They each took a turn spanking 1 individual cheek, focusing the pain and bringing me to a blubbering mess. My arms were now shaking so much that I had to be lifted off the men's laps onto my knees. The first kilted man flips up his kilt and has me kiss each hairy ass cheek. While the second man forces me to kiss each of his hairy nuts. 

A blubbering mess by this point I didn't even care what I was doing. Then came the last man, I gave a sigh of relief looking up at him. He was wearing all leather, and was about my size, he couldn't possibly spank as hard as the others. 

Before sitting down though he slides his pants down to his ankles revealing his large dick. While only about 6 inches long it had the girth of a coke can, proving once again that I was the only boy in the room. I glance at Frank who gives me a quick nudge before I climb across the man's naked legs. Both our dicks now mashing against each other, his hairy club smothering my smooth willy. I didn't hear what he said next but before I could register anything I felt another pair of hands spreading my ass cheeks apart. Then SMACK SMACK SMACK. 

With my cheeks spread apart the man was focusing his assault directly on anus. Using only two or three fingers at a time to make sure my asshole received the full force of each blow. With a new area under attack I regained a bit fight and made a sad attempt to wriggle free, but the large hands spreading my cheeks apart made sure I had nowhere to go, holding me down and tearing my cheeks even further apart. 

After the final bastard's minute was up, my hole was an enflamed mess. He roughly rolls me off his lap onto to cold floor landing hard onto my back. Looking up through my tear-filled eyes I see the man squatting above me, spreading his cheeks as he lowers himself onto my face. Struggling to push him off me I feel some of the other men hold me down. The man spreading his ass cheeks then says. 

"Pucker up! You're not coming up for air till you've given my asshole a nice French kiss" 

He then sits down on my face, making sure to rub his sweaty ass all over face. Finally resting with has asshole hovering just above lips. After struggling a little, I finally caved and gave his hole a quick peck. 

Undeterred the man yells at me; 

"I said French kiss little lady, you have 10 more seconds before I start passing gas" 

Panicking now I quickly stick my tongue out and lick his hole. 

He yells again "ALL the way baby" 

Grimacing, I pressed forward with my tongue until it breaks past his tight hole. 

After a couple seconds with my tongue in the man ass, he drags his ass across my tongue for one last pass before he gets up to leave. The other strangers follow him out the door as I lay broken on the cold floor... 

A couple minutes pass before I feel Frank's hands start to stroke my face. As I jerk away slightly Frank holds fast and continues to embrace me until my breathing slows. Then gently Frank rolls me over and starts rubbing some numbing cream onto my ass. Cooling down my ass which feels like a furnace compared to the cold tile floor I'm lying on. It feels so good that I didn't even object as I feel Frank slowly works his pinky into my enflamed hole. 

I laid on the floor for about 5 minutes, letting the numbing cream take effect, while Frank slowly fingered my ass with his pinky. Finally, he takes his pinky out with a small pop and taps me on the shoulder. Taking the hint, I start to push myself back up, stumbling Frank's rough hands catch me and nurture me back to my feet. Without thinking I reach up and give him a quick kiss on the cheek and say 

"Thank you, daddy." 

Blushing I can't even meet his eyes and turn away in shame. 

Frank gives me a hug, embracing me for a moment before he helps me get dressed; I noticed he had already put his clothes back on. 

Then I head over to the sink to wash the stranger's ass taste out of my mouth and clean myself up. 

Once freshened up and starting to feel a little 'normal' again I turn around to go. When a quick thought comes to mind, slowly I look over my shoulder into the mirror and raise the back of my kilt. For the first time I see the message that Frank had written on my ass [Bad Boy]. The message, along with the 2 hand prints he had drawn in permanent marker, were barely visible over the deep shades of crimson and purple my ass had become. 
