 After two weeks, Adam just accepted the fact that Adonis would not return. He had disappeared much like he had appeared months ago. Adam would miss him and his gorgeous ass even though he still had Courtney and Nadine. Adam had never been attracted to any gay until Adonis entered his life. He was still glad that he had the opportunity to fuck the marvelous ass of the blonde beauty. He never had a problem with his manhood as evidenced by his continued performance with Nadine and Courtney.

Summer was over and the Bed & Breakfast was a quieter calmer place. Adam had no need to replace Adonis as the work had dropped off. Kyle and Brandy handled everything with ease and they still had time to have fun with some of the guests. As he lay in bed on a Saturday morning, he thought back to the time with Adonis. He had never seen such a gorgeous desirable ass in his life. He had loved fucking it and he missed it. Even with Courtney and Nadine being great in bed and doing it all, he visualized the time that he used to fuck the pretty blonde gay in his incredible ass. Thinking about sinking his dick into that scrumptious bottom resulted in Adam getting a boner. He stroked his cock as he reminisced. 

Brandy had gone to the office that morning to speak with Adam. Not finding him in the office he looked around and then checked the bedroom. His intention was to see if Adam was still asleep, not to spy on him. He quietly opened the bedroom door and saw his boss lying in bed naked stroking his impressive cock. Brandy stared at the large cock and imagined taking it in his ass. Adam glanced toward the door and saw his employee standing there. He released his cock and apologized.

"Oh, sorry Brandy, I was thinking of something."

"Obviously, it was a good something."

The cock stayed hard and Brandy made a bold offer. "Do you want help with that?"

Adam was momentarily surprised as he had never made any overtures toward Brandy or Kyle. He had admired their asses even though they were not as alluring as Adonis. Now a moment of truth. Adonis had introduced him to bi-sex. Would he continue with Brandy and maybe Kyle too?

"If you want to have sex with me, you have to understand that I am not into cock."

"That's not a problem for me. You know I have Kyle for our mutual pleasure."

"As long as we have that understanding, sure you can help me out this morning."

Brandy slipped off his tee shirt and moved to the bed. He knelt on the edge and took the big cock in his soft hand. He toyed with the large dick and bloated balls before taking it in his mouth. He could only take about half without gagging but that was plenty for him. He was a very good cocksucker and in no time, he had Adam ready to blow his load. Adam tried to prolonged the urge to cum as he was really interested in getting to Brandy's hot ass. Brandy massaged the head of the cock against the roof of his mouth and circled the cock with his tongue.

Brandy took the cock out of his mouth and looked up as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged the bloated balls. He then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged the taut testicles. He tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased the pee slit. Brandy was still wearing his nylon shorts and Adam slid them down below the shapely ass. Adam fondled the lovely bottom and toyed with the sensitive pucker. Brandy looked up and smiled as he stroked the slick cock.

"Ready to cum"?

"I'm close, but I would like to fuck you."

"Do you have lube?'

"Of course."

Brandy knelt on the bed, slipped off his shorts and raised his ass in the air. Adam looked at him in that position and he liked the smooth hairless body and the great looking derriere.

"I douched my ass this morning too, So I'm very clean."

"I'm glad your ass is clean So you were anticipating this."

"Not really, Kyle and I keep our asses clean all the time."

Adam used the lubricating gel and applied a generous amount to his cock. He stood behind Brandy and admired the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He always liked fingering a taut ring and caressing a curvy bottom. As anxious as he was to fuck the pretty young man, he liked playing with his ass too. He had his index finger in at first, then switched to his middle finger and then to his thick thumb. Brandy was rock-hard and his ball sac was taut during the foreplay. With his free hand, Adam rubbed the perineum, caressed the ball sac and stroked the slender cock. Brandy cooed at the attention to his cock and balls.

Adam removed his thumb, put in two fingers and soon had them both moving in and out of the sweet ass. Brandy wasn't as beautiful as Adonis but he was still very pretty and Adam would have no trouble fucking him. He eased his well-lubed cock into the desirable ass. He was always gentle when he butt-fucked anyone so he knew not to just ram it in the snug hole. Adam was gentle allowing Brandy to adjust to the thickness. Soon he was buried to the hilt in sweet ass as he fucked the pretty gay. He held on to the lovely smooth twin cheeks of the curvy ass as he fucked him thoroughly.

Brandy had been butt fucked plenty of times but not with a cock this thick. He couldn't believe how full he felt with the bigger dick in his ass. Brandy felt it go deep, throb and then fill his ass with cum. Adam continued to fuck the lovely ass as the semen backed out and ran down over Brandy's balls. Brandy fired a blast of cum from just barely stroking his own cock. Adam eased his cock out of the curvy ass and Brandy turned around took it in his mouth and sucked it dry and clean. He wouldn't have done that if he had not douched earlier.

"Remember, I douched my ass earlier when I showered. It is very clean."

Adam just nodded and then lay down on the bed. He was lost in thought for a moment as he just had another bisexual encounter and it was great sex. Brandy gave great head and it had been easy to fuck his lovely ass. 

"Adam, I would like you to fuck me again. Are you up for another round?"

"I will be."

He knelt behind Brandy and began to caress the beautiful ass. Brandy handed him the lube and asked Adam to get his ass ready a second time. Adam put an ample amount in his hands and rubbed it all around the taut rubbery ring. As before, he inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the sweet ass for another fuck. He sawed his fingers in and out and he was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass one more time. He moved closer to him and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. He eased his big dick into the receptive ass.

The cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to the pretty gay a little at a time. The ass chute was warm and tight as the cock went deeper and deeper. Soon he was all the way in the hot ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He again caressed Brandy's smooth round buttocks as he fucked him.

Brandy asked Adam to fuck him harder and quicker. So, he picked up the pace and he pounded the smooth ass faster and faster. His balls started bouncing off of the taut perineum and Brandy moaned with each thrust of the big cock. Adam could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed deep in the warm rectum. He tried to make it last as long as possible but the gripping and clenching of the sphincter got to him.

He fired a barrage of cum into the clenching, gripping ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck, his seed backed up in the rectum and oozed out. Brandy used his talented anal action to massage the cock and drain it dry. The milking action weakened Adam and sent tingles through his body. He rolled to his side taking Brandy with him and keeping his cock buried in the lovely ass. He reached around and instinctively took a hold of the slender cock as he had so often with Adonis. He stroked it emitting a groan from Brandy.

"Oh Adam, this is wonderful. Stroke my cock, make me cum."

Adam liked the feeling of the smooth hairless body against his in the spoon position. It reminded him of Adonis and it seemed so sensual to be coupled like that. He continued to stroke the slender cock and with his free hand he caressed the hairless chest. Adam had jerked Adonis off before so he was used to feeling a cock different than his own. He had liked making Adonis cum and feeling the surge of the ejaculation as it traveled through the stiff shaft.

"Oh, Adam!"

"Cum for me Brandy, cum for me."

He looked over Brandy's shoulder and watched as he stroked the cock. He felt the shaft bulge slightly just before it released its load. Brandy fired a substantial load that shot past his face onto the pillow and then hit his neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. Adam kept stroking him until the shaft was empty. His hand was coated with Brandy's seed but he was unconcerned about that. He was pleased when Brandy took his hand and licked it clean. They remained in the spoon position and remarkably they were both still hard. Brandy liked the sensation in his bottom.

"Adam, you are really a good lover. Can I tell Kyle about today?"

"I guess so. Yeah, if we are going to keep having sex, he would find out soon anyway."

"Oh, he will be thrilled. Maybe we can have a threesome too."

"Maybe, I'm going to take a shower now."

"Me too and then Kyle and I have some chores to take care of."

The two separated and Adam took a shower. Brandy picked up his shorts and tee and left the bedroom. He went out to the pool and jumped in naked to cool his body. After he cooled off, he sat in the jacuzzi for a few minutes and douched his ass. He dried off and returned to the bedroom he and Kyle shared. Kyle was in bed naked.

"Brandy where did you go? I missed your ass this morning."

"Someone else didn't miss it."

"One of the guests?"

"Nope, Adam."

"Oh my God, really."

"Really!"

"Tell me all about it."

A naked Brandy got in bed with the naked Kyle. He replayed the action with Adam and Kyle had a boner the entire time. When he was done telling about the encounter, Kyle was more than ready for sex. The chores could wait a while longer.

GETTING CLOSER

On Sunday morning Brandy was back in Adam's bed. They passed on the oral sex as Adam was anxious to fuck the lovely ass. Lookin at it again spurred him on and he couldn't lubricate it fast enough. There was no foreplay as neither of them needed it at the moment. The muscular stud lubricated the sweet curvy ass and then eased his cock into the receptive chamber. Instinctively his hand began to stroke Brandy's cock just as he had become accustomed to doing.

Adam moved slowly fucking the lovely gay ass and relishing every second he was in it. The muscular hips drove into the lovely bottom and Adam held the soft form tightly against him. His hand continued to stroke the erect cock as they both approached their first ejaculation of the day. It was Adam who came first and shot a huge load into the gripping rectum.

Feeling the surge of male seed in his ass, Brandy came and shot several streams onto the bed sheets, coating Adam's hand with the milky substance. Brandy shivered with excitement. They stayed cuddled together for several minutes and Adam remained hard. Knowing that he could cum again, Adam did not fuck Brandy a second time at that moment. 

"I have some things to do this morning. I will see you at lunchtime.

"Are we going to fuck again after lunch?"

"Of course, we are and tomorrow morning too."

Adam showered and dressed while Brandy returned to his lover Kyle. Later at lunchtime, Adam went looking for Brandy. He found him in his bedroom being fucked by Kyle. Adam stripped off his shorts and his big cock sprung to attention. He walked around in front of Kyle who was so close that he ejaculated with Adam standing there. He eased his cock out of Brandy who then moved behind Kyle.

"I came looking for Brandy but maybe you too would like to have some company," Adam said as he waved his big dick in front of Kyle's face.

"Do it Kyle, suck his cock. Let's make it a threesome," Brandy urged.

Kyle reached for Adam's imposing cock. He held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. Kyle still couldn't believe the girth on the thick cock as he could not wrap his hand all the way around it. He opened his mouth and took the head into his mouth. Kyle only took about four inches of the cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Brandy started fucking his lover as Kyle sucked on the big cock. The whole scene had the three of them turned on and it didn't take long for Brandy to cum and fill his lover's ass with a massive load.

Adam loved the blow job he was getting from Kyle as it was as good as anyone had given him. Even though Kyle was still adjusting, he did a good job sucking cock. Kyle was taken back by the force and amount of cum that Adam shot into his mouth. Kyle had to pull off the cock to keep from gagging and the remainder of the ejaculation splashed off of his forehead and face. Brandy emptied his balls into Kyle's ass as he watched the massive load hit his lover's face. Kyle wiped cum off his face and licked his fingers clean.

"I need to cum again," Kyle gasped.

Brandy moved into position to be fucked and Kyle got the lube and prepared his ass for a second fucking. As Kyle was fingering Brandy's shapely ass Adam decided that he would fuck Kyle's nice round curvy ass. Adam took the lube and fingered Kyle's ass just as he did with Brandy's ass. Kyle slipped his cock into Brandy's ass and began fucking him while Adam continued to finger fuck the sweet bottom. Kyle actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked Brandy. Adam, satisfied that Kyle's ass was well lubed applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. He moved in behind Kyle and pushed his cock into the sweet ass.

"Oh my goodness, go slow, take it easy."

Kyle's fate was sealed and Adam eased more of his cock into the receptive ass. He was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck him. He would push in a little and stop allowing Kyle to adjust along the way. The ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with the cock in him and he resumed fucking Brandy. As Kyle picked up the pace fucking Brandy in the ass, he was pushing his own ass back onto the large cock. Adam stopped moving as he didn't need to with the action of the lovers.

Kyle would bury his cock in Brandy and in the process his ass would slide along Adam's cock. When Kyle withdrew slightly from Brandy, he impaled his ass on Adam's cock. Adam inched closer and closer as Kyle was able to take more and more of his cock. When Kyle felt pubic hair brush against his buttocks, he realized that the big cock was all the way in his ass. Kyle was proud of himself and he picked up the pace fucking Brandy and impaling himself on Adam's cock.

Adam came first and when Kyle felt cum shoot into his ass, he lost it. His buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Brandy's ass and unleashed another load. He flooded the rectum with an enormous load, one of the largest he could remember. Kyle's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Brandy's ass, milking every drop of cum from Adam's cock. Adam caressed Kyle's shapely bottom as he let his cock be milked dry. Adam liked looking at the tanned young men and the shape of their curvy bottoms and from this position they were look-a-likes.

"Okay that's enough for today. Let's get to work, we will have some guests checking in at 4:00 PM today."

Adam left the bedroom and returned to his own. He showered, dressed and organized the office in preparation for the guest arrival. Brandy and Kyle also showered and dressed. They made sure all the guest rooms were ready and they tidied up around the pool. Grocery shopping was done on Saturday so there were plenty of food and drinks on hand for the guests.

GUESTS ARRIVE

Brandy and Kyle introduced themselves to the guests as they arrived. Two of them were Michael and Christopher. However, Michael preferred the French pronunciation of Michelle and Christopher preferred to be called Chrissie. They were both college students and roommates at a university. They were both 21 years old and could have easily passed for brothers. The boys were natural blondes with hairless bodies and flawless skin. School began the following week and they wanted to have some fun first.

The guests liked the laid-back atmosphere of the B&B and that they could remain nude except for meals. They loved the complete privacy allowing sex almost anywhere on the property. Brandy and Kyle took a liking to Michelle and Chrissie and gave them a personal tour. The guests wanted to be naked, so Brandy and Kyle joined them. They showed them the spa area next to the pool. 

Michelle knelt down on a mat and leaned forward accentuating his curvy ass. It was an invitation for someone to fuck his ass. Brandy was up for it and he lubed his cock and stroked it into hardness. He eased his slippery cock into Michelle's ass slowly. In one steady smooth stroke he buried his cock to the hilt in the lovely. Brandy withdrew slowly and then continued the methodical in and out motion until Michelle's ass loosened up. Brandy then picked up the pace and his hips slapped against the shapely ass cheeks.

Kyle and Chrissie had followed them into the spa. They stood there and watched as Brandy fucked the daylights out of Michelle's ass. Michelle moaned and groaned and urged Brandy to fuck him hard and deep. Chrissie urged Kyle to join them. Kyle was glued to the scene before him as Brandy fucked the beautiful young Michelle and Chrissie stroked Kyle's hard cock.

Chrissie led Kyle by his cock over to where Brandy fucked Michelle. Chrissie leaned forward, spread his butt cheeks and guided Kyle's cock into his ass. Once Kyle was settled in Chrissie's ass, Michelle sucked Chrissie's cock deep into his mouth. Kyle's cock felt good in the warm recess of snug rectum and he then began to fuck Chrissie's hot ass with enthusiasm.

Kyle surprisingly came first shooting his load deep into the receptive ass. Chrissie then came in Michelle's mouth triggered by the hot cum scalding his own anal passage. Michelle worked his sphincter to perfection and drove Brandy toward an intense orgasm. Brandy filled Michelle's ass with a barrage of cum filling to an overflow state. The surge sent Michelle over the edge and he blasted his load all over the exercise mat.

The four of them grabbed some hand towels and cleaned up the best they could. They took a quick rinse off and returned to the pool area. They received a number of suspicious looks from those guests lounging around the pool. They decided to have a drink so they donned their bathing suits and secured a table poolside.

The rest of the afternoon the guests soaked up the Florida sun and occasionally cooled off in the pool. Kyle and Brandy conducted a meet and greet speaking with all the other guests. They wondered what the rest of the week would bring. Later toward the evening everyone showered and dressed in preparation for appetizers and drinks poolside. All the guests wore tees and shorts, commando style.

Following drinks and socialization, guys began to dance around the pool to the upbeat music. When the slow songs played, some guests held each other close. Some kissed as they danced and ran their hands all over their partner bodies. Tees started to come off followed by shorts. Brandy and Kyle smiled as they realized that many of the men were now totally naked as they danced with each other. Their hard bodies were pressed against one another and their erect pricks rubbed together as they swayed to the music.

"Just remember they will be here for a few more nights. Let's just move around and become familiar with the guests," Brandy advised the others.
