 The following Friday, Peter had invited me out to lunch. We had been dating for a good couple of days now. Our dates ranged from going out to eat, watching a movie, or going out on patrol. And let's just say they were going great, we hadn't had sex yet though, but I knew in time it would happen. I knew Peter was a bit self conscious about the whole situation, since he had to take uppers to get aroused. But honestly, I didn't care. I was falling in love with him and I was willing to wait. 

When I finished with my last customer, I clocked out for lunch and saw Peter standing at the entrance of the store. We said "hi" to each other then we began walking to his car. We stopped in the middle of the parking lot to check if I had my wallet with me. That's when we heard a scream nearby. I quickly turned my head and saw man running towards us holding a bag. I then saw a lady pointing at him and quickly figured out it was thief. 

The second he passed me I reached out with my injured my arm and grabbed him by his pants loop, then yanked him to the ground. When he fell to the ground the bag was launched into the air, which Peter caught. The lady ran to us and Peter handed her the bag then turned down the guy and pressed his boot to his chest, "You shouldn't have done that, I'm a cop."

"Shit," was all the thief said. 

"People still rob purses?" I said.

"You'd be amazed how often it still happens," Peter replied.

Peter pulled out his phone and called up one of his friends to come and pick up the thief. The lady thanked us for stopping the thief. The store's security guard came to us and arrested the thief, he told he would hold him until the cops arrived. 

With that out of the way, we walked to Peter's car and drove out. Peter took me to this local Spanish restaurant. He had told me that he loved eating burritos and that this place had one of the best he had ever tried. In the parking lot, he told me to go the back seat. I wasn't sure what he had planned, I wasn't too fond of the idea of making out at a restaurant's parking lot. He climbed into the back with me and told me to turn around, he brought out a bag. It then hit me that he was going to tend to me wound. I honestly felt silly.

I removed my shirt and turned my back towards him. He turned on the light, "Well, it's looking good. The wound is closing well. Just gonna clean it up and then put on a new bandage."

I just simply smiled and Peter got to work. 

When he was done, I put my shirt back on and stepped out of the truck. 

Together, we walked into the restaurant and ordered. Then we sat down at the far end of the restaurant, we wanted to be secluded from the other patrons. 

Peter leaned in closer to me, "So I got some information on my friend back at the station. I know where she lives and I think I might know when to get into her place."

I raised a brow, "Oh yea? So we're breaking into people's houses now?"

"Well, you technically break an entering when you go to Zucco's warehouses. They are still private property you know. Even if they belong to a mobster."

"You have a point."

"I found out that tomorrow night she'll be out for a few hours at a charity event the police department is having."

"And you're planning to do it tomorrow night aren't you?"

He replied with just a nod. 

I sighed, "I don't like breaking into people's places, especially if those people are cops."

"Look, tonight after work, we'll meet up at your place and we'll head over to her place to just scope out the place."

"Yeah, I still don't like it. Don't you feel guilty for doing it?"

He rubbed his chin with his left hand then replied, "Look, I know it's not ethical, but this could be the start of many things we can use to take down Zucco."

He was right. I needed to accept this plan, this was a good opportunity to get something on this guy. "Look, I didn't like it when we first brought it up and I still don't like it," I paused for a response from him but didn't get one. Instead, I got his gorgeous eyes staring back at me.

"But, alright. You don't have to convince me anymore." I was hoping I wouldn't regret this. 

"Good," as soon as he said that the lady came by with our food. 

We quickly got to eating while discussing some precautions we should be taking for 

tomorrow night. It then donned on me that he said we would meet up back at my place tonight. It made me feel good to know that he already comfortable with me. It was surprisingly fast how this relationship was going. It made me wonder if I should start calling him boyfriend. It was clear that we both liked each other a lot and well, aside from the awkward night a while back, we were into each other. 

"So," I began nervously, "Are we a thing?" 

Peter let out a small smile, "Yeah, well I would like us to be a couple. I mean we've been dating for a few days now."

"Good, so do I call you boyfriend?"

He chuckles, "Yeah that would be nice," his hand reached over to mine, "Boyfriend"

"Man, I made this awkward didn't I?"

"Just a bit. Tonight, I'll show up early so we can spend some extra time together."

I took one last bite of my burrito, chewed and swallowed my food. "Alright, since last time you brought food. Tonight, I'll make us food?"

He simply nodded.

When we were done eating we went back to truck, then I felt his hand over my shoulder. Peter leaned in and gave me a kiss. My hand reached around to his back then moved down. It was something I did miss and something that had become foreign to me. I noticed while we had made out, that my member was erect. Something told me he noticed it because after I noticed it, we stopped making out.

Immediately, I felt bad because I could easily get one and he couldn't. Then again, I could have just been overthinking it, like always. 

Peter turned on the engine and drove me back to work. We kissed one last time before I exited his car and went back into the store. I sighed as soon as I stepped into the store, because I noticed the my underwear was a bit wet. I must had leaked precum while we were making out. 

I walked to the bathroom and entered an empty stall. I unbuckled my pants and took out my member, I noticed it was covered in precum. Grabbing some tissue paper, I cleaned the tip then the little that was on my briefs. 

When I was done, I tossed the tissue in the toilet and sat down. I pulled out my phone and began texting Peter. "Hey, I was curious, did me getting aroused bother you?"

It took him about a minute to respond, "Not really. It's just, I kinda wanted to suck your dick then and there. But I didn't want to due to the little time we had."

"I'm sorry, maybe tonight?"

"I'd like that, I'll make sure to take my medication."

"Awesome, see you at 7?"

"Yeah. Alright later."

I responded with a later and put my phone away. After that, I washed my hands and went back to work. 

Even though it was a Friday, it wasn't that packed at the store. The hours flew by and I left work at 4pm. I headed to the nearest Vons to buy some ingredients for Peter and I. While at work I had thought about what to make, thankfully a coworker gave me the idea to make pasta. Pasta was something I learned as a kid and it had been years since I made it. I was hoping Elex still remembered how to make it.

When I got home I placed the ingredients on the counter and quickly called up Elex. 

"Hey, Elex, do you remember how to make pasta?"

He groaned, "Yeah, 8 eggs, 2 of them are just yolks that you mix into the flour." then proceeded to go into further detail. After he finished he then asked, "You wouldn't be making pasta for your new boyfriend, would you?"

"Yes,"

"You never make me pasta!" he yelled.

"Maybe if you'd let me suck your dick every once in a while I would."

"Maybe if you would make me pasta I would let you."

"Oh it's that easy?"

We both laughed. 

"Don't fuck it up," he said.

"The pasta or the dinner?"

"Yes," then he hung up. 

I followed Elex's instructions down the to letter and placed the dough in the fridge. It need to sit in there for a few hours. During that time I would get ready and clean up. 

The first thing I did was jump in the shower. I was done within a few minutes and walked out with only a towel around my waist. I put on my clothes which were a black T-shirt and blue jeans. Next, I got out my vigilante attire and laid it on the bed. It had been a couple of days since I last wore it. I grabbed the top and gazed at the once torn hole in the shoulder part. My fingers rubbed against it and I remembered the fight in the stairway. It was my first major injury as a vigilante. The many nights I had gone out I had been so careful to not get injured. Yeah, I got a few bruises now and then but this was the first time I had gotten something like this. I closed my eyes and was grateful that Peter was there otherwise, I might have not made it out alive. 

Tossing the top back on the bed, I turned around and left the room. Then I cleaned up the place. I organized stuff, threw clothes in the hamper, dusted and vacuumed. When I was done the place look nice and clean, I even threw some Febreeze on the furniture.

With the cleaning out of the way, next was the making of the pasta. I filled up a pot with water and put it on the burner. Then I grabbed the dough and began spreading it out on the counter with the roller. Next, I cut into thin strips and threw them in the boiling water. While the pasta cooked I made a pesto sauce and took out the cheese for when he would arrive. 

As on cue, I heard a knock at the door. Casually, I walked to the door and opened it, even though inside I was nervous. "Hey," I said. 

He smiled and said, "Hey," then quickly stepped into the apartment. 

"So, I was thinking for..." my words were cut off by a kiss from him. 

"I've been waiting all afternoon for that," he said wrapping his arms around me.

I simply smiled and then guided him to the kitchen. "So do you like pasta?"

"I love it."

He looked at the counter and saw the pasta, "holy shit, fresh pasta? You really want to get laid?"

I laughed. "Maybe, but it was something I used to make as a kid. I kinda wanted to relearn it. Pasta is so good."

I finished making the food and I served us each a bowl of pasta. Next, I grabbed the cheese and shredded it on top of each bowl. 

Peter took in a forkful of pasta and stuffed it in his mouth, I did the same. 

"This pasta is a delish."

"Thanks, my mom would make fresh pasta for me, Elex, and my brother." my voice faded towards the end. I felt his hand on my shoulder for comfort.

While we ate, Peter pulled out a map from his pocket. "I've found a few good points around her block that we could use as surveillance."

"It seems you've done all the hard work," I smiled. 

"Yeah, I'm sorry. I had some free time at work"

I nodded.

"I have confirmed that she will be out, tonight. She will be visiting her mother in

Huntington Park. So, we'll have a good amount of time to check her place tonight."

"Tonight?" I said in a concerned voice, "I thought we were just going to do recon tonight?"

"Well this is a good opportunity and might as well get it over with right?"

Sound logic I thought to myself. "Alright, so what exactly would we be looking for?"

"Papers, maybe some evidence. I'm not sure exactly where in her house. Which is why we'll need the extra time."

"Alright."

We finished eating and I took the empty plates to the kitchen. The second I put the dishes in the sink I felt Peter wrap his arms around me. I turned around and his hands went from my back down to my ass and gave my cheeks a squeeze. "Thanks for dinner," he whispered in my ear.

"No problem, any time," I said back. 

Peter smiled, "I can't wait for tonight, but until then, why don't we put our gear on?"

I smirked, "Alright."

Peter and I walked to my room and began to dress.

A few minutes later we were wearing our vigilante gear. 

"Come, I parked the car in the alley next to your building," Peter said opening the window to my room. He looked out the window first and saw it was clear. He stepped on the fire escape and I followed him. We made our way down to the alley and then got into his car. 

The drive was a pretty short one, she lived about 10 blocks away from my home. When we got to her street, he parked the truck in the alley behind her apartment complex. Luckily the light post in the alley was broken so we were in darkness. Peter looked up at the building and cursed.

"She's still here,"

"So now what?"

"Okay, I checked out her building while at the station. I found out there is a room on her floor that is vacant. I say we go into the room and wait for her to leave."

"Oh, now we are doubling down our breaking an entering?"

"Shut up," he said stepping out of the car. He walked to the side of building and came back, "The side of her building isn't lit up well, we can go up the fire escape to the vacant apartment."

In the darkness, we walked into the small alley next to her building. Peter told me that the apartment she was in was number 506, the one we were going into was 505 which was directly across from her. Peter put his hands together and I stepped onto his hands and he boosted me up to the fire escape. I grabbed it with my good arm and pulled myself. When I made it to the fire escape I put my hand out for him, he ran up the wall and grabbed the bottom of the ladder and climbed up. "Show off," I whispered. 

Quietly, we walked up the fire escape until we found the room we were looking for. Peter brought out a knife and stabbed it into the bottom of the window, we heard a snap, then he pulled the window up. "How?" I whispered.

"Don't worry about it."

He went in first then I followed him. The apartment was only lit by the moonlight so it was still dark but somewhat visible. Peter walked to the living room, he knelt next to the door and put a mirror under the door. "This will tell us when she leaves."

When we had first arrived it was 15 minutes to 8pm, it was now 8:15 and she still hadn't left. "Are you sure she is leaving tonight?" I whispered.

"Yes,"

I sat down next to the door, "Maybe she canceled."

"Let's wait a bit longer and then we'll leave."

So we did, we waited another 5 minutes and nothing. Peter came up with an idea in the meantime, he stepped into the bathroom and called her. I didn't hear the conversation, instead I just sat here next to the door waiting for him to come back. 

When he came back, I quickly asked him what she said. He sat next to me, "I called her and asked if she was busy. I told her I was going to go watch a movie with someone but they flaked and I had a spare ticket. She told me she was going to go see her mom in a bit, that she was just waiting for a friend."

"Smooth," 

"Thanks, best part is that she invited me to watch a movie with her sometime."

"Wow, already cheating on me."

Peter simply smiled and sat down next to me. Then I felt his hand on my thigh, "Let's do something to pass the time," he said. 

I gulped as I felt his hand move closer to my crotch. Within seconds my member grew in my pants. He rubbed the erection through my pants, "I see someone doesn't waste time," He next unzipped my pants and opened the flapps, he rubbed my member through the fabric of my underwear for a few seconds. Peter then bent down and pulled down the waistband of my briefs then grabbed my member and pulled back the skin and took it into his warm mouth. 

An explosion of pleasure shot up and down my body, it had been so long since I had sex with anyone. He moved slowly up and down my shaft with his hand lightly stroking my member. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back. It felt so amazing his warm mouth engulfing my member. With his lips wrapped around my shaft, I felt his tongue slide up and down my shaft. I would jerk when his tongue would play with the tip of my member. 

Unfortunately, this little suck session was cut short when we heard a door open. I looked down at the mirror and saw it was door of apartment 506 opening. I pulled back the mirror and remain quietly. We heard the door close and the sound of keyes rattling, then the sounds of footsteps followed. 

With her confirmed gone, Peter put my erected member away, "We'll finish later. Work time."

I sighed. I really enjoyed that and I wanted more. But he was right, I zipped up my pants and stood up. Peter was already by the door, he slowly opened it and peeked through the small slit. "Alright," he whispered, "The coast is clear."

He opened the door and stepped out cautiously. I stepped into the hallway and looked around, "No cameras, so much for security."

"Odd, actually." Peter replied. 

He walked across the hallway to her door and began to lock pick the door.

"Did they teach you that at the academy?" 

Peter smiled, "In High School, this guy and I would sneak into places to make some love. He taught me how to lock pick."

"Oh, good to see you have experience in breaking into to places," I said jokingly. 

"Don't think it hot for me to lock pick?"

I didn't answer, I just looked away. He was kinda right, it was for some reason pretty hot that he knew how to lock break. I wasn't sure why. Maybe it was that I found anything he did to be hot. 

After a click, the door popped open. He quickly entered and I followed. The apartment was neat and well kept. She clearly was obsessed with cleanliness. Opposite of me.

"We're going to have to be careful, she looks like someone who likes things to be in order. We move something too much she might notice something." 

"Agreed," Peter said, "I'll go into her bedroom. You check the living room."

The next 20 minutes were spent carefully looking through her things. I had searched every possible place in her living room and found nothing. Defeated, I went to meet up with Peter in her room. When I stepped in, I saw him looking in her closet. 

"Find anything?" 

"Yeah, a safe." Peter said pointing to the safe behind her clothes.

"You wouldn't happen to be a safe cracker too?" I joked. 

He shook his head. He stepped out of the closet and stood next to me, "We'll come back tomorrow night. We'll crack the safe. Whatever we need is in that safe."

"You going to learn how to crack a safe over night?"

"I know a few people who do, just gotta do some questioning. Let's get out of here." he said with his hand on my shoulder. 

Before we left we did a quick check of everything, made sure everything was in the correct spot. Then Peter stood next to the door, opened it slowly and saw no one in the hallway. We stepped into the hallway, he locked the door and closed it. Then we went into the vacant apartment and left down the fire escape. 

The second we arrived back at my apartment, Peter and I had began to kiss. We kissed our way towards my bed and stood there with our lips locked. Little by little we had removed each other's gear until we both stood there in our underwear. He wore white low rise briefs while I wore black briefs. 

We stopped kissing and he quickly bent down to retrieve something from his pants pocket. I stood there staring at his ass as he bent over. He stood up and held up a container holding pills, he quickly swallowed it and we went back to kissing. 

My erection was already at full mast, so he was the first to go on his knees. He quickly pulled down my briefs and took my 7 inch uncut member into mouth. He moved slowly bobbing his head back and forth while looking up at me with his beautiful eyes. I began to let out soft moans as he continued. 

I closed my eyes and ran my hands through his hair. His hands had moved, with one on 

my thigh and the other grabbing my ass cheek. His lips gripped my member while his tongue ran along my shaft. A few times, he would take me deeper into his mouth for a few seconds before releasing me. Honestly, at this rate I would end up cumming and I didn't want it to be this soon. So I after one last deep throat, I pulled him away and made him stand up. It was my turn to give him some love. 
