 (The is a follow up story to The Hotel Hookup. I would suggest reading that first just to get a better frame of reference)

*****

"Besides, you have the rest of the night to make it up to me." Johnathon then shot me a wink as we crossed the threshold into the bathroom. 

I had the rest of the night to make it up to him. I really hoped I could get it up again; I had been with a few women up to this point and was never able to handle a round 2 in the same night. When I came and went soft in the past, I typically stayed soft. There was also never a reason for a round 2; I had been able to manage my own cum. I had been able to get the woman off and my self, usually, not that night though, not with him. After lying to myself for 29 year, I was finally able to admit, at least to myself and my therapist, that I was attracted to men, and this was my first encounter with the same sex, and I had just blew it, literally. I blew it all in my pants from just a gentle caress of my cock. 

Johnathon was so fucking sexy; he was fair skinned, 27, 5'6", gorgeous green eyes and wavy brown hair, a surprisingly thick cock and one of the best asses I had ever seen, a high toned, bubble butt that defied gravity itself. Oh! And his smile, devilish and devious; there seemed to be something wicked behind that grin. I wanted so desperately to satisfy him; I just didn't know if I had it in me to go again. 

I suppose there's other things I could do besides fucking: a hand job, a blow job. I had actually started blowing him a little before filling my black Calvin's with jizz, a moment I would never live down, but when I had that thick hard cock pressing against the back of my throat, it felt natural and so hot. I couldn't believe I had been denying this to myself for so long. 

Johnathon let go of my hand once we were in his hotel bathroom and switched the shower on. It was a very small room, just a toilet across from from the door, a tub/shower combo to the right of me and a small counter with a sink to the left. There was barely enough room in there for one person, so this caused us to have to stand very close. We were less than an inch apart, and he was bare ass naked while I was shirtless standing there in cum soaked underwear and jeans. 

His cock was still solid and it pressed against my leg as we stood, face to face, "Let's see about getting you cleaned up Christopher." He reached up to the metal towel rack above the toilet and pulled down a small wash cloth; he proceeded to start wiping my spunk off his hand, which had been in my underwear when I had lost control. 

I stood there really awkward and quiet, unsure of what I should be saying or doing. All that was going through my mind were thoughts of embarrassment and shame, of disappointments in myself and the guilt of how disappointed he must feel. I came here to fuck him; he wanted me to fuck him hard. When we originally spoke on our app, he had said, "I want you to pound my ass like I a drum...I want you to stretch me out and leave me sore...I want you to fill me with you seed." And I came in less than two minutes after walking into the room. I was a fucking loser.

While I was wallowing in my self pity and self loathing, I had barely noticed that Johnathon had fallen to his knees and begun sliding my pants and underwear down my legs. It was a gooey cum covered mess. It was everywhere: dripping down my leg, matted into my blonde pubic hair, and my cock and ball sack seemed to have a nice goopy layer coated over the whole surface. What a sad pathetic scene this was; I, a 29 year old with plenty of sexual experiences, had cum uncontrollably and was now being cleaned like a child who had had an accident. God this was mortifying. I could feel my skin heating up, burning red with embarrassment.

"What a glorious, hot mess!" Johnathon seemed thrilled at the site though; I honestly didn't know why. Maybe he could tell I was humiliated and was trying to comfort me somehow, but then again, maybe he was actually into it. Had I been lucky enough to find a guy turned on by premature ejaculation, or was he just so turned on by me that anything sexual we did was hot for him? 

He started blotting the cum drenched area with the towel and then said, "mmmmm...I'm not sure this is going to be enough. Maybe if I just..." and before I knew it, his tongue was working it's way up and around my thigh and balls, licking the cum right off of me. The skin he was playing with was extremely sensitive, especially after just cumming, and the sensation it caused could only be described as incredible! It felt ticklish yet incredibly sensual. I could feel my heart beat pick up and my skin started feeling flush again, but this time for arousal not shame. And to my surprise my spunk covered cock started to thicken, "guess someone likes this." Johnathon grabbed the bottom of my half erect staff and moved his tongue up from the base of my balls to the tip of dick. I shuttered and squirmed from the interaction; I even heard myself let out an overly excited, and a little high pitched, moan. It was like every nerve was working in overdrive, and my cock very much approved. I quickly found myself just as hard as I had been when I first laid eyes on this unbelievably sexy man. 

Johnathon stood up from the bathroom floor, that god damned evil grin staring right at me, beaming with pride. "Fuck you're so hot." I reached out to grab the base of his neck and pull him in for a kiss; god I loved when his lips were on mine. 

But before I was even able to touch him, he had slapped my hand away, "no no. You drove last time and look where that got us, you cumming so extremely early and me still hard and I'm desperate need to get off." 

Well I guess he wasn't as understanding as I had originally hoped; nevertheless, "It won't happen again! I promise. You're just so sexy I couldn't help myself. Come here." I reached for him again but was swatted away once more. 

"That may be the case or you may simply be a premature ejaculator, destined to leave me unsatisfied after a quick thrust or two." I was becoming very confused and my cock was responding the same; I could feel my dick slowly softening. He shot me a quick wink and then brandished that fucking, knee weakening grin at me again, "I'm in charge now." And like that, his left hand wrapped around my balls and he gave them a squeeze, not enough to cause pain, but it was right there on the line. 

I think I may have whimpered when he did it, but my cock really seemed to like it. Any softening that had occurred was quickly over; my member jumped to life, more rigid then ever, "ok." 

"Oh no. That is not how you will be addressing me for the rest of this night. It will be "yes, sir" followed by "thank you, sir." Understood?" 

This was very new territory for me; I was taken aback and more than a little confused. He didn't seem the type for this kind of thing, and not once had any of my partners put me in a situation like this, "What? What's going ..." he suddenly tightened his grip on my balls; this time there was pain, a good amount of pain. I almost doubled over from the shock of it all and I'm sure whatever noise had just escaped my lips was no longer very masculine sounding. 

"What did I just say?" His grip was starting to loosen a bit but it was still painful. 

I guess I needed to comply with this sexy miniature control freak, unless of course I want bruised and malfunctioning balls, "y-yes sir. Th-th-thank you sir." That felt so weird coming out of my mouth, but at the same time, my cock jump from excitement of it all and I could feel a little precum slide out of me. 

"Good boy. I may be able to train you yet." He patted me on my head with his right hand, very patronizingly; his left hand still had my balls tucked firmly inside its grip, "you know, for a sad little premature ejaculator, you're one sexy puppy." His hand hand moved from the top of my head to my cheek; it was a soft touch, gentle and reassuring. He was staring right at me, peering into my eyes, "That bone structure, those baby blues. Ugh. It's too much." His hand trailed down my cheek, caressed my neck(which sent shivers down my spine), and came to rest on pecs, nestled in all my blonde chest hair, "and your body is so incredible. You're like a Norwegian Viking god or something." This felt good, much nicer than the grip he had on my testes; his hand swirled through my chest hair the went back to my face, "Mmmmm...and you kiss so well." 

He pulled his hand away from my cheek, but I had barely noticed because so transfixed on how god damn beautiful he was, "Well thank you but you're so incredibly..."But then, like thunder, a clapping sound echoed through the room, and I felt an immense stinging pain erupt across my my face, emanating from the cheek he had just been touching. It took me a moment to realize what had happened, but the little bastard slapped me. 

Again I had to have let out a less than manly sound when it happened, and after I had found my composure, all I saw was that prideful devilish smile staring back at me. I was almost consumed by rage, and if it was not for that fact that my balls were in his hand and that my dick was lurching and leaking precum, I may have slapped him right back, "what the fu..."

"No no puppy!" He tightened his grip on my balls and I heard myself groaning and moaning from the pain, "what do we say?"

I took a few long breathes to calm my self down and when the pain started to fade, I complied, "Yes, SIR. Th-thank you, SIR." 

"Good wittle puppy. Da wittle puppy is wearning who's in charge huh? Yes he is! Yes he is." He was speaking in baby talk; god it was so condescending. I was furious; I don't think anyone had ever spoke to me like this. Yet at the same time I could feel my cock leaking more and more precum; it was all turning me on so much, "come along now. I've got a special treat for such a good wittle puppy." He lead me, by my balls, into the shower; I was simultaneously terrified and immensely aroused at what was to happen next. 

The water hadn't warmed up enough yet; goosebumps had erupted across my body upon contact, "Now puppy," he let go of my balls finally, which was a massive relief, but they retreated inside me because of the cold water, "it's time to eat." He spun around and was now facing the wall; he braced his hands against the surface; and arched his back like a cat, which cause his already amazing round ass to look that much more sexy. I could feel my cock ache from how hard it was getting from looking at the view.

I think I knew what he wanted me to do and I was all for it! "Yes sir! Thank you sir!" I bent down in front of his ass which had clearly been a gift from the gods. I stared in wonderment at it for a moment, and the entire situation began sinking in. I was about to rim my first male ass! I'd eaten out women before; it was usually my preferred method of sex since I found it difficult sometimes to get or maintain a hard on around a naked woman. I wonder if it would be anything like that. I'd attempted a few times to rim out women but they were never very receptive to the idea; this was going to be a new and wonderful experience I hoped, my dick certainly thought it was going to be; it was rock solid at this point, which was absolutely shocking considering that I had cum not even a full five minutes ago. 

"NOW PUPPY!" 

"Yes sir! Thank you, sir!" I eagerly grabbed a hold of his plump ass; they were surprisingly firm for such large cheeks. I spread them apart and got a clear view of his hole. It was pink and tightly puckered, and there wasn't a single hair. This was definitely not going to be anything like going down on a woman. 

I started kissing around his hole, soft gentle ones; he didn't really respond to this. No moaning, no groaning; time to move on. Little by little, between kisses, I stuck my tongue out and began licking and flicking that beautiful pink hole with me tongue. It tasted great. Surprisingly better than I ever thought a hole would. Johnathon let out a grunt of, hopefully, approval. "Yes puppy! That feels great. Fuck yes."

Each lick and flick of my tongue brought about another moan or groan from Johnathon, and that made my cock ache and bounce. Just knowing that he was enjoying this as much as me was a massive turn on; I could feel precum leak out with ever sound. I stopped myself for a moment and exclaimed, "Fuck you're amazing!" 

"Did I tell you to stop!" I felt a tight sting on my scalp as he grabbed a fistful of my hair and pushed my head back in between his ass cheeks, "Get back to it! And bite it!"

"What?"

"Bite me mother fucker! Bite me!" His hand was still gripping my hair, and he used it to keep my head still as he shoved his hole directly into me mouth. 

"Yes sir! Thank you sir!" I muffled out and proceeded to gently place my teeth around his hole. My dick lurched with the sound he made; he was almost screaming in ecstasy! 

"Harder puppy! Harder!" I eagerly obeyed presses down, and I dropped again after hearing his scream, "Yes puppy! Fuuuuck! Slap my ass puppy! Do it!" I placed my hand on his cheek and reeled back; the sound echoed through the room as did his moan, "God yes puppy! Again!" I obliged, and he kept begging for more. Soon he had a bright red spot on his cheek.

The noises he made were intoxicating and my cock ached for another release, and that's when he said, "Get inside me puppy! Fuck me! Fuck me!" 

I could feel my heart rate increase from just the mere thought of being inside him; god I wanted it so bad! Yet I had this lingering fear of having another quick release, but I did as I was told, "Yes sir. Thank you sir." 

My knees felt weak as I stood up, and my hands were shaking. Nerves were starting to over take me, but there was no way I wasn't going to fuck him. 

I grabbed the base of my cock started slapping and sliding it against Johnathon's hole. Fuck! Just sliding against his skin caused precum to spurt out of me, "Fuck! I want you so bad." 

"Then take me puppy! Push in." 

I did as I was told. I positioned my cock so that the head was pressed firmly against his tight little hole and I slowly started sliding in. There was a lot of resistance at first but Johnathon exhaled deeply and soon everything relaxed and my entire cock head was through. Just that sensation alone felt better than I could have ever imagined. I pushed the rest of my dick in inch by inch as slow and gentle as I could, and fuck did it feel amazing! 

This was very different than a pussy. Tighter, not as wet, but significantly better than sex with a woman. Why had I denied myself this for so long? 

My breath had shortened and I could feel my skin burning. With each passing second his moans grew louder and my climax grew closer. I was almost at the point of no return. 

Not again. I couldn't possibly cum prematurely again! I never had this problem with women, not even when I lost my virginity. 

"God your cock feels amazing inside me. Fuck me puppy! I'm ready!" 

I pulled out only an inch or so and that sensation alone felt like electricity coursing over my body, emanating from my cock. Instinctively I stiffened and I inhaled deeply. I could feel my balls retreating inside me. Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! I was dangerously close to embarrassing myself again. I needed play it cool! Take it slow. At least make it a minute. 60 seconds! 

I pushed back in and grunted as the same feeling swept over me. My member was stiffer than a board and every muscle in my body had gone rigid. 

I slid back out. I wasn't even breathing at this point. It was all becoming too much. Way too much. I paused the process. Desperately trying to regain control, but that was when johnathon's hole tightened and he leaned back, taking the full length of my cock again. 

In an all too high pitched voice I managed to eek out but one word, "fuck." And then everything let loose. Spurt after spurt of cum shout out of me, filling up this sexy man's ass. And in that moment, it felt glorious! It felt right! 

After my orgasm subsided, the utter shame and humiliation had struck me. I had managed to cum early twice in the same night with the same man. Was this going to be me now? Was I going to be the premature ejaculator? 

"I'm so sorry. I-I couldn't control it." 

"Jesus puppy! Are you ever gonna let me cum?" 

(There will be a part 3)