 I had never done anything like this before; it was risky hooking up with someone you met on an app. You hear about it all the time.

He could leave me bloody and bruised on the side of the road after taking all my money; hell it could be a group of backward thinking Neanderthals wanting to kill me. Or worse yet, he could destroy my life in another way; I was still deeply, deeply closeted. No one knew I was attracted to men. 

I had spent the better part of my 29 year old life casually dating women and "working on my career." And sure I loved the taste of a cunt and to a lesser extent the feeling of fucking one, but it's never felt completely right before. My entire sex life has been like going to eat Chinese food when you're desperately craving Italian; sure it'll fill you up but your never going to be truly satisfied. 

At 26, when my father passed, I started to finally accept some hard truths about myself, and after three years of self exploration and lots of money spent on therapy, I could finally say it out loud, to myself, "I'm attracted to men." It took a lot of courage to get those words out of my mouth, and it took even more to download the gay apps and start trying to put myself out there. 

I made sure I didn't lie on my profiles, despite the fact that I think everyone else may have been: 29 years old, 6'3" tall, muscular frame(thanks to all the repressed sexual urges fueling my workouts), but the other categories I didn't quite know how to fill out. What's a tribe? Was I a bear, an otter? Sure I had hair, the same sandy blonde color that grew on top of my head, but what's the difference between the two? Did I like leather? And when I thought about it, I could see myself really enjoy topping but maybe I was a bottom? And why did everything in the gay community need a label? 

At first I didn't post any pictures on the profile but that seemed to be a taboo, so despite my discomfort in the matter, I added an up to date photo. I didn't think I was much to look at, but the men on my apps thought otherwise. Maybe I'm just used to my features. I don't know, but one man described me as a young Paul Newman, which in my mind was an amazing compliment; he's always been my biggest old Hollywood heartthrob. 

Yet despite all the work I put into making my profiles the best they could be, whenever my conversations with guys turned toward meeting up, I would chicken out. I knew I wanted to be with a man, but there's a big difference between fantasy and reality. Reality has dangers, people with bad intentions, and lots of hate. I just couldn't get passed it.

That is until HE messaged me back. He was visiting my city of Orlando, Florida for the week, and he was staying at a hotel about twenty minutes away from my home. He wasn't looking for anything serious and neither was I; plus he was absolutely gorgeous: 27, 5'6", wavy brown hair, emerald colored eyes, and that smile! Ugh! That smile! It was a devilish and devious looking smile; you could tell he had no good intentions behind that grin. It was unbelievably sexy, and he actually responded to me! A guy who could get anyone he wanted actually responded to me. It didn't even take him a full five minutes to message me back, and we had an ideal conversation. He seemed very genuine, kind, and exceptionally horny, which was perfect because just looking at his face pics gave me a stiffy! Eventually we ended up exchanging nudes. His body was fine and all; he wasn't super well defined but definitely not chubby, not that there's anything wrong with that; that smile alone was turn on enough for me, which made that perfectly round bubble butt of his the cherry on the cake. So when he invited me to his hotel room, instead of blocking him, I said yes. 

After showering and trying to get a parking spot, I found myself staring at his hotel room door. I had to knock, right? I'd regret it if I didn't, so I held up my arm, made a fist and wrapped on the wood. I heard some shuffling behind the door and saw the handle start moving. Oh god! This was it; it was happening! There's no turning back now. 

My nerves were palpable. I'm not sure I had ever truly felt this way before. I thought my heart was going to explode at any minute, and my stomach, I swear it had ripped it self out of my own body. And worse yet, my dick was rock hard and solid, pressing unrelentingly against the fabric of my jeans.

As the door began to open, I could feel my knees and hands begin trembling! Fuck fuck fuck! I was scared shitless. All I wanted to do was run away, far away, but it was way too late for that; because, the door was fully ajar and I was face to face with him and that devil smile! 

There was a period of silence where I think I was staring at him with my mouth agape. Luckily he spoke first, "Hi! You must be Christopher! It's so good to meet you." He moved forward and gave me a tight hug where I felt his own erection pressing into mine, which caused some precum to rush out of me, soaking my black Calvin trunks; I dare not look down for fear it was seeping through and becoming visible on my pants. 

I cleared my throat and tried not to think about how a few layers of fabric was all that was between my dick and his, "Yes! Hi! It's a pleasure to meet you as well Johnathon." I initiated the separation as I spoke, for fear that hug might release more precum. 

"Well, come in! Come in!" Johnathon stepped away from the door and motioned me inside. I reluctantly obliged; he may have been turned on but that doesn't mean he still didn't want to mug or kill me. 

I stared at him as he placed the "do not disturb" sign on the handle and carefully shut the door. It was almost 2 in the morning after all; I suppose he didn't want to risk the noise waking his neighbors. 

I was finally able to take him all in, and the pictures he had sent me didn't do him justice. He was above and beyond anything I could have ever imagined, and that ass of his was just as perfect! That was evident even through those blue shorts he was wearing.

We shared another period of silence as we just stood there, waiting for the other one to make a move. After what felt like an eternity of awkwardness I thought, "Well fuck it!" And I pulled him into me and placed my lips on his. 

I was kissing him like I kissed all the women I had ever been with; my lips were soft and tender. I didn't force any tongue action. It was a very controlled, almost mechanical process I had developed to just get me through an uncomfortable situation. But this didn't feel uncomfortable; this felt freeing, and natural, and so fucking hot! My control quickly vanished, and I felt myself becoming more and more ravenous. I wanted his plump eager lips on mine! God I wanted it more than anything I had ever wanted before! Why? Why had I denied myself this feeling for so long? 

My kiss deepened and my tongue began exploring, as did my hands; I had slipped them under his shirt and was running my fingers all along his chest and back. His skin warm, almost felt like he was on fire, and god his body was so much firmer than a woman's.

And what was even better was that he was mirroring my actions; his hands had begun exploring my body. His fingers would comb through my chest hair, and when his fingers grazed my nipples, I felt a rush of excitement overwhelm my body. Then his hands started moving south, running down my abs until he found my treasure trail, the thick tuft that merged with my pubic hair. His stopped there and began to play with it; his fingers were twisting in and out and twirling through the hair. And occasionally they would slip below my belt line and inch closer and closer to my rigid as hell member. It felt like a wave of electricity washed over me with each touch. 

My cock was responding as well with every one of those below belt teases. It would lurch and jump, and release a squirt of precum every now and again. God I was aching to get out of my cock out of these tight jeans. 

I was done with this exploratory shit; I need more. Much much more. I pulled his shirt off and he did the same to me, our lips separating only for the second it took for the clothing to go over our heads. I didn't want it to ever stop; I wanted our lips to be forever locked in this passionate kiss. 

I kicked my shoes off my feet, each of them landing somewhere different; fuck, why didn't I have the fore thought to not wear socks. There's almost nothing less sexy than stopping a make-out to dumbly fumble with your socks, but that's what I did. I felt like an idiot, hopping around trying to balance my weight while pulling them off my feet. 

While I was removing them though, Johnathon had slipped out of his shorts, and as it turned out, he hadn't been wearing any underwear. I was able to fully absorb the sight. He was standing there completely naked, watching me. His body was smooth and his skin fair. He wasn't completely hairless though; he had small patches of hair under his arms and around his rather surprisingly thick cock. It was probably of average length, maybe a tad longer, but it was for sure thicker than the average dick. Although I had very little experience with any dick other than porn, but something told me those guys were usually on the bigger end of the scale. I guess I also had plenty of experience with my own dick; I had measured it a few times in my life: 7 inches cut, maybe a bit thicker than most but Johnathon had me beat in the thickness department. Damn was he sexy though, and I don't know why but the thought of him having not been wearing underwear while we were making out filled me with lust. 

"Fuck! Are you real? I've never seen someone so sexy." I almost sprinted over to him, my hand outstretched; and once I was in range I wrapped my fingers around the base of his neck and pulled him back into that kiss. 

With our lips still connected, he guided me over to the bed and pushed down onto it. He straddled my bare stomach, and I felt his dick on my chest. That was certainly not a sensation that had crossed my mind in the fantasies I had cooked up while masturbating, but it was good, surprisingly sexy. The feel of his stiff member nestled in my chest hair, the warmth from it and the subtle heart beat I could feel through his shaft, it felt intimate and of course it was hot as hell. I pulled my head up and instinctively wrapped my mouth around his cock; I started bobbing up and down with the same rhythm he had employed while pumping his hips. It wasn't until a few moments of this that I realized the true impact of what was happening. I had another man's dick in my mouth; I hadn't even hesitated to do it. And god all mighty did this feel right! His girth stretched my lips to the brink and every now and again he would press his dick along the back of my throat. I gagged the first few times he did this but eventually I was able to relax enough that he slipped right down with ease. 

Johnathon had begun to moan when my throat started to fully accept his cock; he kept repeating the words, "fuck that feels good! Fuck that feels good." I have to admit that it was a massive turn on to hear how much he was enjoying it and each time he hit the back of my throat, my own dick would jump for joy, pressing and rubbing across my precum slicked pair of underwear. 

After a couple minutes of being face fucked, he pulled away and bent down to kiss me, but he didn't just stop there. He licked my mouth then his tongue trailed down my jaw line and his softened lips began kissing my neck, then my collar bone, followed by my pecs and nipples. It was an incredible feeling to have his stubble scratch and tickle my skin as he explored my body. I squirmed and moaned beneath him. 

When his tongue had found my nipples, his hands had found the button of my jeans. Thank god! My cock was about to be free! The constant pressure of my jeans was incredibly constricting and frustrating. "Oh fuck yes." The words just slipped out when the button gave way.

I felt him smile against my chest as he was licking me, and he spoke, "Someone's eager."

"You have no idea!" I meant to sound flirtatious and slightly sarcastic, but instead my words came out desperate and almost like I was pleading, which I was. I really needed my cock out of those pants! I needed to know what it felt like for his hands, HIS hands, a man's hands, to be finally touching my cock. 

He let out a giggle and lifted his head; he stared at me as he pulled down my fly. This was the closest any man had ever come to my shaft; I could feel it jumping. It was definitely eager for his touch. And although they were unbuttoned and unzipped, my cock still wasn't free; it was pinned down. It's length ran along my hip, sticking to the skin from either sweat or precum. Johnathon began moving his fingers up and down the outline of my erect penis. God that feel good! So so good! My dick was lurching and leaking with each gentle touch. No woman had ever made me feel like this; sex had never felt this good. And we hadn't even started sex; this was barely two minutes of foreplay. 

My head was swirling, I could hear my own moans growing louder and louder with each touch, and suddenly everything started feeling too good. Way way too good. I could feel my cum rising higher and higher. I was close; too close. There was no way i was going to cum like this. I had never once cum in less than 20 minutes even with direct stimulation. I was not going to cum with my pants and underwear still on. There was no way I was going to let myself be the guy that came from a gentle touch while stilled clothed. My cock had to at least be touched first! I was owed that much for all those years of repressing my true self, but I was almost there. I could feel it, the point of no return. My breathing had turned ragged; god this was embarrassing. Yet at the same time it was the best sensation I had ever experienced. 

Johnathon switched from fingers to his whole hand by this point; he was full on rubbing my shaft now through my clothes, "Wow you're hung aren't you, Johnathon? This cock is going to feel so good inside me. I can't wait! It's been so long since I fucked, I'm going to be incredibly tight. You're going to have to be gentle. How does that sound?" 

That thought was too much; I could picture it all. His bubble butt bouncing on my thighs, making that unmistakable slapping sound of intense sex. God I so wish that was going to be happen; I desperately wanted that to be the reality. Me the hot hung stud being ridden by the sexy as hell tourist. But that wasn't the reality; the truth was much more embarrassing: I was seconds from jizzing. A harsh feeling started brewing in the pit of my stomach; it felt like a brick was in there. Every muscle in my body was going ridged, and I could feel my balls drawing up. This was going to be big, this was going to be intense, and this was going to be a lot of cum. 

I reached for my pants! I couldn't be that guy! I just couldn't be that guy in his eyes! Knowing that someone this sexy, someone who wanted me that badly, was going to view me as a guy who can't even hold his own cum. That would be too much. I'd never have sex again from the shame. I had to get these pants off. I don't know if that would make any difference but it was all my brain could focus on! 

I wrapped my hands around the waist band, and I started pulling. I squeezed every muscle as tight as I could. Just had to get the pants down. I could hold out that long. I just needed to get the pants down. That was when Johnathon slapped my hands away, "no no! That's my job." Fuck fuck fuck. I was there! God was I there. 

Then Johnathon did the worst thing he could do; he slid his hand down my underwear. I could feel his fingers sliding through my pubes and toward my aching cock, "Is this what you want?" And that was it. 

I let all the air out of my lungs as I a deep, hearty, almost painful sounding groan escaped my throat. I hadn't even noticed that I was holding my breath. But as I relaxed and finally exhaled, I felt the cum shoot out of me and into my black Calvin trunks! The first spurt was the biggest amount of course and the absolute most intense feeling. It was rush of pleasure, and I felt it emanating through my whole body. How could something this humiliating feel this good! This is not what I wanted at all! I wanted to please him too! Then came five or maybe six more spurts of cum, each less than the last. 

My breathing had begun to steady when I shouted, "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" I looked down at the scene, and my pants were ruined. Not only was the stain enormous, stretching almost down to the knee and completely across the zipper, but I could see the white cum eeking out of the fabric in thick wads. What had I just done?

"Well that was fast! I don't think you've even been here a whole five minutes." Johnathon chuckled and I felt him start to pull his hand out from my underwear. It was completely coated in thick cum. 

"Oh god! I'm so sorry! I'm so incredibly sorry." My face was on fire! I knew I was turning beet red. I was never going to live this down. I just knew that I was going to think about this humiliating moment every night when I tried to sleep. It was going to keep me up. Fuck!

"Oh don't worry about it. It was actually kind of hot!" What did he say? 

"We don't have to do this. You don't have to lie." I started to sit up and felt nothing but cold and squishy grossness along my legs and cock when I moved. 

"No seriously. You were so turned on by me. By me of all people! That you couldn't help but cum just from my touch. If that's not a compliment I don't know what it." He helped me off the bed with his clean hand and guided me toward his bathroom, "Now let's go get cleaned up."

"You're not upset or anything." I was seriously confused and still utterly embarrassed.

"God no. Besides, you have the rest of the night to make it up to me." He then shot me a wink and that devilish grin as we crossed the threshold into the bathroom. 

(Part two coming soon...pun intended)