 Note: I've been reading Literotica stories for years, but this is my first submission. I hope you enjoy.



I had been single for a few weeks when I met him on-line. I guess should tell you a little about myself. I'm an average looking guy with an average sized cock. I work in an office for a beer distributor (we're the ones who get the beer into the trucks and to the stores every day). I work out four evenings a week and I'm bi. I consider myself more straight than bi, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy playing with guys. My last girl friend and I had broken up after I refused to pay another traffic ticket for her. Technically, she dumped me, but really, I felt like I won that one. She was really irresponsible with money and I don't make enough to pay her tickets.

So, I met him on-line. I had reactivated some on-line dating profiles of mine and was bored one night when I heard the tell-tale ping that said I had a chat invite. Both of our profile names were pretty vague. My profile picture was one of me on my motorcycle. His was his cock. I never understood how guys picked up girls with cock shots, but then: I'm not a girl. If you've never been in an on-line conversation on a dating or hook up site, they're all basically the same. You exchange greetings, make one or two lines of small talk and then somebody (usually the person who initiates the chat) gets down to brass tacks. Sure enough after a little 'Hi, howya doin?' the question popped up on my monitor: "Do you play with guys?"

Well, yeah. I told him that I did, but that it had been a while. It had been a while, over a year, in fact, but I probably would have said that even if it hadn't been true. We talked a little bit about what our likes and dislikes and I was getting real hard. This is where it got fun. All it took was a "Damn, wish you were sucking me right now." from him and we were launched into cyber sex. I like cyber sex, I really do. It beats jacking off alone. We sex-chatted for more than a half an hour talking about sucking him off and stroking me and whether or not I'd be able to take his cock all the way in my ass. I asked when he was free and of course, this was where he it got complicated: he was married and didn't have time to play.

The conversation basically ended there. I had a roommate and I'm not comfortable hosting men, so I didn't invite him over. Despite that, we kept chatting. The cyber was great and I really wanted to meet him. I got lucky because just a few weeks later he messaged me that he could meet. He was going to a conference, but would actually be back a day earlier than his wife expected. He'd meet me at the hotel at the airport, if I was serious. 

I got to the hotel just before dark. I had come from the gym. I always work out after work and I was planning to shower at the hotel. He had e-mailed me the room number so I went right up. I hadn't met a guy in a long time and I was horny. I was still in my gym clothes and I was worried that my boner might have been noticeable to the receptionist or anyone in the lobby. I went to the room and knocked. It felt like forever before the door opened, but when it did I felt my heart skip, Not from love, but just from the excitement. He was taller than me and in better shape. He was a black guy. I'd never met a black guy before. He was clean shaven and wearing only a pair of boxers and a white tank top. 

"Come on in." 

I stepped in the room and at first I thought there were other people with us. I heard the sounds of sex: people moaning and gasping, but then I realized that he had set up his laptop and was watching some porn. 

"Hi." I said, a little nervously.

"Hey." 

He moved over to the bed and motioned me over. "Should I grab my shower?" I asked.

"Later, come here." he said.

His voice had a lot of authority in it and I did what I was told. While I was walking over he slipped his boxers off and sat on the bed. He was already getting hard and I did what came naturally to me. I got on my knees in front of him. I started by kissing the tip of his cock. I could hear him snort or chuckle with amusement when I did that, but then I opened my mouth and got to work. His cock and balls were clean shaven as well and I licked all the way from his balls to the tip of his now fully hard cock. I ran my tongue around the tip a few times and then took him in my mouth. I started sucked and moved slowly down the shaft. His cock was bigger than mine. He had to have been around 7 inches long and thick, too. I felt him run a hand through my hair while I did that. He wasn't forcing me downward, just showing his approval. It took some work but I got my nose to his belly and sucked several times. I felt that I was about to gag, so I backed off. With his cock out of my mouth, I started licking his balls and stroking his cock. I hadn't noticed, but at some point he had taken his top off, so he was fully nude. 

"Mmmmm...." he was moaning a deep, resonating moan. 

He had also turned his attention back to the porn. He was watching lesbian porn. I'm a fan of lesbian porn, too, but I had to admit it was funny. Two guys screwing around in a hotel room watching lesbian porn. While my mouth was still off his cock he reached down and started tugging at the collar of my shirt. He and I pulled it off and then I was back down on his cock. I licked the shaft several times and then worked up some extra spit before taking him into my mouth again. After sucking on him for another minute he stood up and pulled away from me. He brought me up off of my knees and then laid me down on the bed. I was laying on my back with my head hanging off the side of the bed. "Time for a good dicking."

He slowly slid his cock into my mouth and down my throat. I wanted it so bad. He started slowly fucking my mouth and pushing his cock deeper and deeper. His balls were right in my face. After he was done with that he slowly pulled his cock out of my throat. 

He sat me up and sat down next to me and kissed me. I have to admit that when I see a guy I'm not thinking about kissing and even the first time it had ever happened, I was a little uncomfortable with it, but it is such a turn on for me to give another man power over me. That's what kissing is to me. I was rock hard, not from the kiss itself, but from this man, who was bigger and stronger and confident and could do anything that he wanted. It was a weird thought, but I knew that if I had changed my mind and decided that I wanted to leave at that moment: he could have stopped me. He pushed his tongue inside my mouth and let it explore a little. I met his tongue with mine and they duelled for a minute. While we were kissing his hand crept down into my shorts. I felt lightning when he touched my cock. I swear, I'm surprised I didn't cum on the spot. I couldn't have hid my excitement if I had wanted too and immediately began moaning and cooing like a porn star. It's funny too, because I even moan in a higher pitch when I'm with a man. If someone had heard us one room over they'd have probably thought I was a girl. He stroked my cock a few times and then pulled my shorts off so I was naked, too. 

He laid me on my back and climbed on top of me so that we were in the 69 position. His cock was already in my mouth and I was working to take and keep it all in. He started playing with my cock, but more in a teasing manner. He'd lick it once or twice and play with my balls and then he's suck it, but just for a minute. All the while I was working hard on his cock. I had to take it out of my mouth for a minute, but while it was out I was stroking him and licking his balls the whole time. Then it went right back in and I went right back to sucking him off. 

After a few more minutes he climbed off of me and led me over to the small table. He pulled out the chair and bent me over it. "You're gonna use a condom, right daddy?" I asked.

"Yeah, bitch. I am."

I could see that he had a bottle of lube and a few condoms, but I always ask. He started with the lube and put a few drops on his fingers. After a second I could feel him rubbing it on my asshole. "How long since you been fucked?"

"It's been so long, daddy. It's been so long."

I felt him pressing a finger into my ass. He pumped it a few times and then added a second one. "You like that, bitch?"

"Yes, daddy."

It felt great. I have a really sensitive anus so any kind of ass play gets me rock hard and there's nothing I like better than being pressed up against something with my own rock hard cock against my belly while someone plays with my ass. After he played with my ass for a minute he spanked me: hard. I cried out and he told me: "Shut up, slut."

"Yes, daddy."

"Listen, bitch. You made me wait three weeks to fuck you, so you've got to pay, alright?"

"mmm, yes daddy."

"Good, bitch. Now I'm going to spank you and you're going to count along."

"Yes, daddy."

He spanked me 15 good times and I counted out each one. "one, daddy. Two, daddy." etc.

When he was done, I felt something between my ass cheeks. It was his cock. He wasn't penetrating me. He was just rubbing it in between my cheeks and up against my anus. "You like this?"

"Ooooh, yes, daddy." 

"You want me to fuck you?"

"Yes, oh, yesss, daddy."

"Beg me, whore."

"Please fuck me, daddy. Please fuck me."

While I begged, I was pushing back against his cock. "I don't know, you've been a bad, girl."

"I'm sorry, daddy. I know I've been bad, but I'm so sorry. Please."

"Please, what?"

"Please, fuck me. Please, please fuck me, daddy."

He pushed forward, I pushed back, and his cock slid into my ass. It was still a little painful at the tip, but the lube had done its work. He started out slowly pumping me while I was grinding back against him. It felt so good, I was moaning loud and non-stop at this point. It was like the only words I knew in any language were: 'Oh', 'mmm', 'yes', and 'daddy'. For his part, he was giving me a lot of 'that's right bitch' and 'take it', which I love to hear. He fucked me hard for a few minutes against that chair, but then he stopped and slowly pulled it out.

"mmm? Daddy?" I asked.

He pulled me away from the chair and pulled the chair out. Then, he sat in it and pulled me down to sit on his lap. I lowered myself slowly onto his cock. His hands were on my waist, guiding me and giving a little support. I started slowly up and down, but began bucking faster and faster. I was moaning hard and so was he. I was covered in sweat and kind of wished that I had skipped the gym that day. After a few minutes of that he pushed me firmly away and put me on the bed. He put a pillow under my belly to help support me and then he was rubbing his cock against my anus again. "You want me to finish?"

"Mmmm, yes daddy." 

"Beg me, bitch."

"Please, daddy. Please fuck me."

"Back up, whore."

I pushed myself back and he guided his cock into me again. Then he was pumping again. This time, while he was pumping he also reached around and started stroking my cock. I was screaming now. Screaming for the gods. The way he timed both his thrusts and strokes was perfect. I felt him gasp and buck hard. Then, he came in me and I came on the bed.

"Did you like that, bitch?"

"I loved it, daddy."

"Yeah, that's right." he said.

Then, he slapped my ass and rolled me onto my side, curling up behind me with his arms around me. In retrospect, I must have been out of my mind because he never stopped to put on a condom.