 There were two small presses on my stomach, moving side to side but in the same area. It felt good actually. Honestly, I wasn't entirely sure what it was until I heard the noise. The light continuous vrooms made me realize what it was, a cat.

I opened my eyes and lifted my head to look down to see its emerald colored eyes staring back at me. Slowly, I lifted my right arm and moved it closer to the cat. Its eyes widen and moved its head back a bit before realizing I was friendly and shoved its head into my hand. The fur was soft. My hand moved down its neck and across its body before I was stopped by its erect tail. I smiled as the cat "meowed" at me.

"I see you're having fun with my pussycat," I heard Peter say. I turned my head to left to see him standing in the bedroom doorway wearing a black tank top and soccer shorts.

"She likes you," he said. The cat jumped off of me and headed towards Peter; she rubbed herself on his leg. "I'll feed you right now." he told her then turned to me, "How did you sleep?

"Good," I sat up slowly, trying not to move my shoulder.

"Need some painkillers?"

I smirked, "No, but thank you. I think I'll be fine. Thanks once again for the patch up." I noticed the sun was up, "I should probably leave."

"Don't be silly, stay a bit. Have coffee with me. You drink coffee right?"

I nodded. He walked to the open kitchen and began taking out the grounded coffee and cat food. I pulled the sheet off of me and stood up. "Hey, would it be cool if I can borrow a shirt? Mine kinda got cut." I joked.

"Yeah, of course. Second drawer next to the door."

Without saying a word I made my way to the bedroom. His room was bigger than mine and nicer. I looked around and noticed one thing, he had no pictures of him or anyone. I shook my head and went for the drawer. I first opened the top drawer by accident and saw dozens of underwear, several different types. Part of me wanted to pull one out and imagine him wearing it but I couldn't. Instead, I closed the drawer and opened the second drawer, pulled out a plain black t-shirt and put it on.

When I got back into the kitchen I saw the cat was eating her food and the coffee was brewing. Since it was morning, I got a better look at the apartment, taking in everything I could. He had a cozy place, the small mattress I slept on was actually a futon. To my northeast was his dining area. To my west, next to the door, was the television and what looked like a big stereo system. He had wooden floors. There was no way he could pay for this place on a officer's salary. It got me curious, maybe he was hiding something. And then I thought, "What the hell am I thinking?" Peter had saved me, patched me up, and was now making me coffee. And here I was thinking he was hiding something from me.

I shook away the thoughts and stopped when I felt a tap on my shoulder and quickly turned to see Peter holding a cup of coffee. I grabbed it, "Cream and sugar?" he asked.

"No, I like my coffee like I like my men. Strong and hot."

Peter burst out in laughter, "Do you use that line often?"

I frowned, "Sadly, no. I haven't dated anyone in over a year since my..." my voice trailed off.

"Since, what? Since that person, you knew died?"

Part of my didn't want to tell him, because I had just met him. Of course, I had told him my reason why I was after Zucco but never mentioned that it was my brother. The other part wanted to tell him since we were going to team up. It donned on me that he might think that the person who died was a boyfriend or something.

"Yeah, my younger brother, Elton," I said looking down.

He set the cup of coffee on the counter and approached me. I looked up at him and he spoke, "I'm sorry that it was your younger brother," he paused, "and I'm sorry that the justice system failed you."

Although it wasn't his fault, I felt a bit better when he told me that. When Elton died, I had police tell me and my family that they will catch the person and put them away. Unfortunately, that never happened. To this day, my mother still cries about my brother and cries over the fact that Zucco is still out there.

I let out a light smile and said, "Thanks, I appreciate that. Hopefully, together we can put Zucco away."

He nodded, "Now let me check that arm out." He pulled out a stool before me and I sat down. He pulled the sleeve of my shirt up and began to look at the wound. He slowly took off the bandage and I couldn't help but look at the wound. It honestly was a bit much for me to see this early in the morning, so I quickly turned away.

"Everything seems to be good, no pus or anything evidence of infection. I'll give it a quick clean and put a new bandage on. You're gonna have to do this for the next few days." he stepped away and reached for a bag full of medical supplies.

"I have a question," I said as he took out the materials.

"I may have an answer,"

"How do you have such a nice place on a cop's salary?"

He smiled, "Well, I do modeling on the side."

"Shut up!"

He pulled out his phone and opened up an app, then showed me the phone. It was his Instagram. It showed dozens of pics of him in his underwear and swimwear and a few leisure ones. "Holy crap, you look amazing in all these pics. This one," I pointed to one where he was wearing a speedo on the beach, "really shows off your manhood."

"Thanks, you should give it a try. Pays well."

"Really? You think I have the body to do it?"

"You have the muscles and the frame, just gotta use makeup to cover those scars."

"Dude, I'm not putting makeup on this body." I winced when he placed the cloth with the alcohol on it.

"It's part of the job, but right now, you ain't modeling with this wound. Also, you might want to bulk up." he snickered.

"Are you saying I ain't buff enough?" I retorted.

"Just saying, bigger the muscles, the more people will hire you."

I tried to shrug but failed as he was still cleaning the wound. "Okay, here is another question. How do you get your intel on Zucco's shipments?"

"Do you really want to know?"

I nodded.

"Alright, I've only been at this for about a month. Honestly, you inspired me to want to do this. I wanted Zucco in jail for so long but I couldn't do much about it. So I sought you out, but every time I would show up you'd be gone. I needed to be ahead of you. I found out that one of Zucco's thugs is gay and that he frequented the docks during the shipments."

"Uh huh, carry on," I smirked.

"I followed him and hooked up with him at a bar and brought him to a more private place. We did the deed and while he was asleep I copied his phone. Ever since I've been able to know where the next shipment would be."

"You've had that information and you don't use it to put him in jail?" I nearly screamed.

"Well, it's not that easy. The method that I got it makes inadmissible in court and well even if we sent units to the shipment locations, we would only end up arresting the thugs, not Zucco himself."

"Yeah, that makes sense." I calmed myself down. "I'm sorry for..."

"Don't worry about it. I understand your anger. Also, I want to nab him for the child ring."

For some reason, I turned my head around and from the corner of my eye, I saw the time on the stove. It read 9:45 am. "Fuck! I have work in an hour. Would it be cool if you took me back to my bike?"

"Of course, let me throw something on."

Peter finished putting the bandages on and then gave me a bag of pills inside, they were painkillers. Even though I had passed on them earlier. It was nice to know he cared.

He quickly changed and we left for the restaurant.

It was 5 minutes after 10 when we arrived at the restaurant, Peter actually parked across the street. During the car ride, we had exchanged information to keep up and meet up in the future.

After he dropped me off, I crossed the busy Sunset Blvd and walked two blocks before turning down the alley where I parked my bike. I walked halfway down and found my bike parked next to a dumpster. Honestly, I was surprised it was still here, I figured some punk would have stolen it. I quickly hopped on and drove home.

When I got home it was twenty to 11. With the short time, I took a brief shower and changed and was out the door within 10 minutes. I had texted my boss telling him I would be a bit late and he gave me the okay. Since I didn't want to be any later than I already was, I decided to skip breakfast and head directly for work.

During my lunch hour, I was sitting in a restaurant enjoying my food when I received a call from Elex. I was reluctant to answer him because I didn't want to end up lying to him. I knew the first thing he was going to ask was whether I went or not. I let the first call go to voicemail hoping he would just leave a message. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case, he called once again.

I sighed and answered, "Hey, there buddy."

"Cut, the crap. You ended up going didn't you?" his voice sounded serious. I knew I was in deep trouble.

"Yeah," I mumbled out.

"What? I didn't hear you?"

"Yes, I went to meet up with Peter," I said clearly.

"Who," he yelled then lowered his voice. I assumed he was in a room with other people. "Who the fuck is Peter?" he whispered.

"He's the other vigilante. His name is Peter Kaito, he's a cop. And a model. A hot one."

"You've got to be kidding me? So the other vigilante is a cop?"

"There is more. While we did the stake out, some of Zucco's thugs found us and we engaged them. I was stabbed in the shoulder and Peter brought me over to his place and patched me up."

There was a moment of silence, I honestly felt like he was going to come through the phone and choke me. But after about 30 seconds he finally replied.

"Sorry, my wife was asking me something. So you were telling me about how you went out and got stabbed."

I rolled my eyes, "Yes, but everything is fine."

"Do you trust this guy?"

"Yes, I mean he would have done something to me already. I slept over at his house."

"Aw, how cute, did you two suck each other's dick too?"

"I wish, no, he just patched me up."

"So is he gay?"

"Bisexual," I signaled to the waitress to bring me my bill, "Yeah, look, serious talk. He wants to team up, he thinks we can stop Zucco. He believes that Zucco might be running a child ring."

"Oh really?" he paused, "Alright, look I'll be back on Monday. Laura wants me to do some things at home while she tends to the funeral. I would like to meet Peter to compare notes and hopefully come up with a gameplan. Savvy?"

"You've been watching Pirates again haven't you?"

"Shut up, it was the inflight movie."

After work, I went straight home and immediately stripped down to my underwear and a muscle shirt. I jumped on the couch and turned on my Xbox. I spent the next hour playing ranked matches in Injustice 2.

Fighting games were my favorite. Most people I knew played FPS games (First Person Shooter) like Call of Duty, Halo, Titanfall, Battlefield. Those games were fun but fighting games were my thing. I used to play Marvel vs. Capcom 2 at the local taco stand as a kid. I would be challenged every time I was there and I would always prevail.

I tossed the controller at the end of the couch when I lost my winning streak. Rarely did I get upset at video games, but losing a winning streak was pretty unnerving. I sighed and walked into the kitchen to get something to drink, I glanced at the clock, it read 9:20.

My phone began to ring and I went looking for it. I remembered that it was on my coffee table. I picked it up to see that Peter was calling me. "What's up Brochacho?"

"Really Ezra? Brochacho? What are you his gym buddy?" I told myself. I wanted to smack myself. Thankfully, Peter didn't laugh his ass off. Instead, he simply replied. "Brochacho? That's a new one. Hey, you hungry?"

It had been a few hours since the last time I ate and I was about to do something about that, "Yeah, I'm down."

"Cool, how about I pick up some food and we eat at your place?"

I took a quick glance around my apartment and saw that it wasn't clean. There were clothes around the living room and my dishes were piled up. "Umm, give me some time to clean up?"

"Yeah, that's fine, I'll be there in 30?

"Perfect."

"Anything specific you want to eat?"

I didn't even bother thinking about it, I just said, "Surprise me."

He hung up and I quickly got to cleaning the house.

Within those 30 minutes, I was able to clean the kitchen, pick up the dirty clothes in the living room, clean the living room and got rid of anything that was dirty. I was even able to take a shower before he arrived. In the end, I wore a black t-shirt with blue skinny jeans. Honestly, it was the only clean pair of jeans I had left.

At 9:45 I heard a knock at the door. Excitingly I walked to it and opened it and there he stood holding two plastic bags in his hands.

"Come in," I gestured.

He walked past me and dropped the bags on the kitchen counter. He turned around as I closed the door, he looked around my apartment. "Looks cozy," he complimented.

"Thanks, but it ain't like your place though."

"You need to stop doing that," he turned around to the bags and pulled out two trays of food, "I hope you like Japanese food."

"Don't eat it often enough, but I do love Sushi."

"Perfect, I got us some."

We decided to eat in front of the television and watch something on Netflix. Peter set up the food on the coffee table and boy did it all looked delicious. He had gotten three containers of sushi, which contained eight pieces each. These things called "Bento", which he described as single portion meals that people usually took to work or outings, and four rice balls.

We began to chow down while watching a movie.

"So," Peter began to speak, "Tell me about yourself?"

I swallowed my food, "uh, what do you want to know?"

"Let's start with your origins."

I set the plate on the table while gathering what I was going to tell him. "Well, my childhood was pretty basic, my mom and dad raised me and my brother Elton in Glendale. I graduated and enlisted in the service. When I came back I tried looking for work and had a few jobs here and there. Had a neat security job at Universal Studios, but was, unfortunately, laid off. Eventually, I found my way to my..." I was a bit embarrassed to tell him that I worked at Best Buy as a sales manager. Especially, since he had two better jobs than me and was clearly more successful.

I mentally sighed, I was doing it again. Why was I acting like this? Was it because I was falling for him? I barely knew him, yeah he has an amazing body, a nice attitude, a beautiful smile, high cheekbones.

"Found your way to your what?" Peter said interrupting my thoughts. I felt like a high school girl falling for the hot guy on the football team. Made me wonder if he played sports.

"Sorry, just a little embarrassed. I worked at Best Buy as a Sales Manager."

I was expecting a burst of laughter to come from him but instead, he simply smiled and said, "That's cool. Why do you feel embarrassed?"

"Well, my job is crap comp..."

"Compared to mine? You need to stop doing that. It's not a competition between us."

"I'm sorry, I think I like you."

He smiled, "I like you too, Ezra. You're a dork, I love dorks. Yeah, you look tough on the outside but you seem to be a softie inside."

Normally, I would be offended but the way Peter said it made me feel better. He was right, I needed to stop comparing myself to him. I was serious though, I think I was falling for him and honestly, I wasn't sure if he felt the same way. It made me worried that I was throwing myself out to him and he either wasn't noticing or maybe didn't like me back the way I did.

After my inner conversation, I decided I would take it really slow and see if there any feelings that would manifest between the two of us.

"So, what about you Peter Kaito? What origins does this cop who moonlights as an underwear model have?"

"Well, I was born here in California, but I spent most of my vacations as a child in Japan. Where my parents are from. I went to school, graduated, then enlisted in the military, did my time and when I came home. Well, like most guys that leave the service, I joined the Police department. Been doing it for years."

"And an underwear model," I grinned.

"Yes, and an underwear model."

I leaned in closer to him, "You think I can get a free show?"

Peter smiled, "Maybe later. For now, we'll eat and watch something."

While we browsed the catalog of movies to watch on Netflix, I remembered what Elex had told me earlier. That he wanted to meet Peter and compare notes.

"Oh, I forgot to tell you. My friend who I work with on this whole vigilante job, he wants to meet you. He wants to compare notes and hopefully come up with a game plan for Zucco."

"I'm down, how about tomorrow?"

"Well, he doesn't come back until Monday. So we can hold off until then."

The movie ended around 1:30 am and we had finished all the food. It was so delicious, especially the sushi. I also had never known how good rice balls were. I wanted to eat this stuff every day.

"That was a great movie right?" I asked. We had watched the movie Loaded Weapon 1.

"Yeah, it was pretty hilarious. Didn't know Emilio Estevez looked so hot in briefs."

I moved closer to him on the couch, "I know you look better in briefs."

He laughed, "Nah, I'm sure Emilio is hotter in them."

I pulled out my phone and began looking for a screenshot from the film. "Why don't we compare?"

"You really want that underwear show don't you?"

I nodded.

Peter didn't do anything for a few moments but then stood up. He turned on the light and then stood before me. I adjusted myself in my seat and my heart began to beat faster. Peter stared into my eyes as he began to undo his pants. He went slowly, first he unbuttoned them, then he slowly pulled down the zipper.

My blood flowed to my pelvis and I felt my member growing in my pants. He grabbed the two flaps and began to slowly pull down his pants, and stopped at his knees. The underwear he wore weren't briefs they were trunks. They were white with a black waistband, they had little anchor designs all over them. They looked snug on him and soft. I reached out with my right hand and right when I was about to make contact with his underwear, I felt his hand lightly shove mine away.

"No, touch, not until the show is over at least." he smiled.

I let him continue. He bent down before me and removed the rest of his pants, tossing them next to me on the couch. Next, he removed his shirt and tossed it on his pants. Allowing me to gaze at his sculpted body. His skin looked so soft, I wanted to touch it so badly. I felt my member pressing against the fabric of my pants. It wanted to be released.

Peter began turning around to allow me to see every part of his body in his underwear. His ass looked amazing, it was nice and round, like a bubble butt. I wanted to stuff my face into it, but again, I had to wait.

When he finished turning, he looked down on me again and noticed my erection in my pants. He simply smiled, bent down and grabbed my hands. He guided them to his body and placed them on his thighs. "You can touch,"

His thighs were hard but soft, due to the fabric. I rubbed my face into his crotch and took in his aroma. Oh god, how I had missed doing this with another man. A year had been so long and so tough, I was so happy that I found Peter.

My hands moved up and down his thighs a few times before they reached around and held onto his asscheeks. I pulled them apart and them back, a few times. I loved every moment of this. Unfortunately, I didn't think he was fully into it or something as he wasn't erect. The manhood I felt underneath his underwear wasn't hard.
