 Hey - this is the first thing I've written. Please give me feedback in the comments :)

*****

It was summer, and Adam decided to wear a figure-hugging t-shirt. He'd started back at the gym a few months previously and he was just starting to see the results of his labour. His back and shoulders were slightly bigger than before and his newly enlarged biceps were straining against the sleeves of his top. As he entered the hotel room, he noticed how humid it was and opened the french windows. Even with the breeze from outside, he could feel his top starting to cling to him more than usual so he took it off, tossing it aside onto the floor before standing at the balcony window to admire the view at sunset. With it being a Sunday, he could see that no one was around so he cheekily stripped down to his jock, adjusting it so it lay smoothly against his groin with the back straps framing his pert ass. Just then, he heard a knock at the door - perfect timing.

He took a quick look in the peephole to see a tall guy with jet black hair standing outside wearing a chequered shirt, showing off a bit of his neck and chest. He had a grin plastered all over his face. Adam opened the door with a quick hello and beckoned the man inside.

"Hi, I'm Adam. Glad you could make it".

"Hey! Thanks dude, I'm Stefan. Nice place - I don't often find myself in hotels like this."

Adam closed the door and ushered Stefan inside, and they both took a seat on the bed.

"No problem. I come here a lot with work. I thought it would make the perfect venue. So...how do we get this thing started?"

"Well, I usually like to settle business first." With that, Adam reached into the bedside table and pulled out an envelope to give to Stefan. He quickly counted it before putting it in a small bag on the floor, "That'll do nicely. Now we get to the fun bit...", he said with a smile.

Stefan placed one hand around Adam's neck and brought him closer before giving him a longing kiss while Adam began undoing the buttons on Stefan's shirt. In no time, the shirt was on the floor and Adam's hands were moving down his body, feeling every taut muscle. Stefan pressed a hand on Adam's chest and squeezed to feel his firm pecs. "Well, this is a nice surprise, I must say. My clients aren't usually so fit. I can see we're going to have some good times..."

With that, Stefan pulled Adam up from the bed to take stock of his whole body from head to toe. Adam was a jock; on the leaner side but with muscle padding in all the right places. When standing, it became clear that Stefan was at least a head taller than Adam's 6'0 and he'd spent a lot of time in the gym; toning and bulking until he was happy with the result. His Greek-Cypriot roots gave him a smattering of hair on his arms, with his stomach trimmed to a nice treasure trail along with a healthy skin tone. 

Stefan quickly pulled Adam in close, taking in his sweet scent and planting small kisses on his neck and gently biting on his earlobes. It was having a great effect on him as he could feel Adam's cock growing harder and pushing against his jockstrap, trapped between their bodies. Stefan's hands snaked their way down his partner's back until they rested on his ass cheeks. Stefan looked straight into Adam's eyes and with a smirk said, "that's one of the best asses I've ever felt...it's perfect", before bringing their lips together in another kiss. He gently parted Adam's lips with his tongue, moving it into his mouth and their action became more feverish, with Adam clinging onto Stefan's back and bringing him as close as he could get.

In a flash, Adam was flung onto the bed, coming to rest on his elbows as Stefan turned round to take off his jeans and underwear. Adam couldn't stop looking at his ass as he bent over to finish undressing. His eyes bulged when he saw the size of Stefan's uncut cock as he turned back around. He was speechless, simply mouthing 'wow'. It hung low and looked meaty, bigger and thicker than his own...definitely a show-er! Stefan moved forward to kneel over Adam's body, bringing his cock closer and closer until it was swaying just inches from his face. Stefan gave it a few strokes before pushing down, with his cock forcing its way between Adam's lips and moving slowly into his mouth. Adam adjusted his position using one hand to hold the base of Stefan's cock and sucked on it, getting it wet with his saliva. Stefan closed his eyes, bit his lip and grasped the back of his own head with his hands, flexing his impressive biceps in the process, as he could feel his cock already growing thanks to Adam's pleasurable ministrations.

After a minute or two, Stefan's cock was fully hard and up to around 8 inches. With his cock still being taken care of, he turned round, bent over and began to massage Adam's cock through his jock before taking it out and licking down his entire 7 inch length. He could feel Adam shudder as he teased the sweet spot just under the head with his tongue. Suddenly, Stefan retreated from Adam's mouth and stood up off the bed. "Now we're better acquainted, I think we should get you ready." In one swift movement, he whipped off the jockstrap and turned his partner over onto his stomach. As Stefan threw the jock to the floor, Adam shuffled up the bed, his ass jiggling slightly as he did so. It was clear that he spent quite a bit of time doing squats but with enough extra mass to make it irresistible.

Stefan gave him a light spank before reaching down into the small bag on the floor and pulling out a bottle of massage oil. He poured it out into his hands and rubbed it around, before climbing back on the bed to massage it into Adam's skin. Stefan slowly made his way down the back, intentionally missing out his ass then moving onto his thighs and calves. At first, he could feel that Adam was tense as he wasn't used to this kind of feeling but after a few minutes of massage, he was like putty in his hands. Stefan applied more oil and pushed his hands up to the neck, straddling Adam's ass as he did so. Adam could feel Stefan's hard cock resting on top of the cleft of his ass, sliding up to the small of his back as he worked his way up the body.

Without warning, Stefan shuffled off, grasped Adam's waist and moved him so he was kneeling on the floor with his ass right on the edge of the bed. From the force of his arms, Adam felt like a rag doll, helpless against such strength. Stefan knelt down behind him, parted his asscheeks with his hands and stuck out his tongue to gently push against Adam's hole. Stefan could feel him shudder at the new sensation and a long moan escaped Adam's lips. Stefan delved deeper with his tongue and used one hand to bring Adam's cock head to face him. With a gentle squeeze, a single drip of pre-cum fell. 

With his other hand, Stefan reached into his bag once more and found a small bottle of lube. He began to liberally coat his index finger with it, working it up to skin temperature before bringing it to Adam's asshole. He varied the amount of pressure to start to get Adam's hole used to the feeling. Over the next few minutes, he felt Adam's sphincter tighten around his finger as he worked it in, while encouraging him to get into a breathing pattern to help him relax.

Adam was making all kinds of moans, groans and gasps as he moved between states of slight discomfort, pain and immense pleasure. "Your ass is so tight, I love it", Stefan said as he upped the pace of his finger strokes. He was already getting excited at the prospect of popping Adam's cherry. His removed his finger and applied more lube to two fingers this time. As he pushed one finger back inside and began to add pressure with the second, Adam gritted his teeth and his ass involuntarily shuffled forwards away from the fingers.

"Don't run away, get back here!" Stefan said firmly, as he used one hand on Adam's thigh to settle him backwards. He could hear Adam's breaths becoming more erratic but within another minute or so, he had accepted the second finger and calmed down again. 

After a few minutes, Stefan removed his fingers from Adam and made a path of kisses from his asscheeks, up his back and onto his neck. He ran his hand through Adam's hair before pulling it, forcing Adam's head up. Stefan's whole body weight was pushed against him, so he could feel every pec and ab muscle against his back. His cock was lying nestled in between Adam's ass cheeks. "Are you ready for this?" Stefan said as he used his pelvic muscle to flex his cock against Adam's ass. "Tell me how much you want this big cock, Adam. I want you to beg for it." A tone of frustration and longing entered Adam's voice. "Please...I need you inside me. I need to take all of it." Adam enticingly rubbed his ass against Stefan's body and felt a bit of pre-cum drip into the cleft. 

Stefan picked up the bottle of lube again and began to rub it up and down the length of his cock. Meanwhile, Adam moved up towards the top of the bed and grabbed a few pillows to put beneath him. He shuffled around to get settled on a new position and arched his back, showing his ass off at its best. When his cock was slick with lube, Stefan threw the bottle to the floor and kneeled on the bed, making his way towards his target. Adam started taking deep breaths as Stefan put a hand on the small of his back and lined the head against Adam's hole. He started pushing in, feeling the tightness slowly enveloping his cock. Adam started moaning. 

"Fuck man, you're so big...it's not going to fit."

"It will, believe me. You're so tight though, it feels amazing."

After an inch or two, Stefan stopped to give Adam time to adjust and rubbed his back a bit before starting to push again. As more of Stefan's cock slipped into his hole, Adam's jaw dropped and he lay there with his mouth open but speechless.

Inch after inch disappeared into Adam's hole as he squirmed around to get more comfortable with the intrusion. After a few minutes of pressure and a lot more lube applied, Adam pushed back and felt the slight prickle of short hair on his ass cheek which told him he was taking it all. Stefan smirked and said, "It's been a long time since I've popped anyone's cherry. How does it feel?"

"Fuck, it feels like I've been totally impaled, but I love it."

Stefan slowly moved backwards until he heard the unmistakeable pop of his cock leaving Adam's ass, giving him a moment to relax before pushing it back in. This time, Adam was more open and fully lubed up so it went a lot quicker. 

Before long, Stefan was gliding in and out to the sound of Adam's pleasure-filled sighs and moans. Every time he pushed in, he could see the tight ass before him jiggle slightly - Stefan loved watching his slick cock disappear into a nice ass...so much so that he was getting close. He fully removed his cock and pulled Adam up from the bed. Pushing the pillows aside, Stefan lay down on the bed with his cock standing fully upright. Adam immediately knew what he wanted. He straddled Stefan's muscled body and leant over to give him a lust-filled, passionate kiss.

Stefan grabbed his cock and was about to guide it in but before he knew it, Adam was there taking the initiative and already bearing down on it. They soon got into a steady rhythm with Adam forcing himself down and Stefan pushing his groin upwards. Adam's body was covered with a mist of sweat as he pressed his hands into Stefan's pecs to anchor himself, "Fuck me harder. I want to feel your cum inside me." Stefan grabbed his lower back and started pounding away at Adam's hole and their vocals became louder and more guttural. Adam's cock was bouncing freely and slapping against Stefan's abs. He suddenly shouted, "Oh fuck, I'm coming" and as he closed his eyes, cum started spurting from his cock, covering both of their chests. In that same moment, Adam's hole tightened its grip on Stefan's cock as he used a vice-like grip to hold Adam down. He was flooding his lover's insides with rope after rope of hot cum, his cock pulsing and twitching inside him.

Soon, the pulsing began to subside and Stefan's cock retreated from Adam's ass along with a stream of white fluid. Adam had basically collapsed into Stefan's waiting arms and snuggled up towards him. Stefan used one finger to collect a bit of the cum from his chest and brought it to Adam's lips for him to taste. Adam savoured the unusual, slightly salty taste as his breathing came back down to normal. Stefan kissed his head as he rolled over and fell asleep.