 My name is Dan Jeffries. I'm forty-six years old, a computer systems analyst working for a large accounting firm in downtown Chicago, although I make my home in the suburb of LaGrange. I've been married to my wife Grace, a paralegal, for ten years. Grace has a nineteen year old daughter named Janie from her first marriage who I love as if she were my own child. We also have a beautiful eight year old daughter named Lauren, who is my little angel.

I have known I was bisexual since I was in my late teens, but before the events in this story all I'd ever experienced with other men were fantasies. At the depth of my being, I had a certain amount of shame that just kept me from acting on my desires. My one outlet was writing erotic stories. Over the years I've written dozens of stories that involved me being with other men and exploring my many fantasies of gay and bi sex and submission. I am lucky, though, because Grace is completely understanding and even more than a little turned on by my attraction to men. We have always talked openly about it, and I even share my stories with her, which has contributed to our fantastic sex life. Other than that, my other sexual needs were fed only by fantasy.

That all changed one Tuesday evening when Janie called to tell us she was coming home from school to visit for the weekend. Grace was working late that night, so she asked me if it would be alright for her to bring a friend with her. 

"Of course," I answered. "Why wouldn't it?"

"Well, it's a guy, but he's just a friend." 

"How many times have I heard that before?" I chuckled.

"No really, Dan, he's gay," she protested.

That stopped me in my tracks. "Is he?" I asked.

"Yea. His name's Mark. He's kind of a militant for rights on campus. He leads a couple of student groups, not just for gay rights, but for a bunch of other causes, as well." 

"Well, that's admirable," I said, feeling hot all of the sudden.

"He's a great guy and he's been a really good friend to me this year. Can he come?"

"Sure," I said, finally letting go of the breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding. "I don't mind and I'm sure your mother won't, either."

She thanked me repeatedly, told me she loved me, and said that she'd see us all on Friday.

That night as Grace and I got ready for bed, I informed her about our houseguest. Noticing the bulge in my boxers, she teased that I must be turned on by the thought of having a gay man in the house. She pointed out the potential even if we both knew that I wouldn't act on it. We had our usual amazing sex as we talked about a scenario that was closer to real than usual.

Janie and her guest arrived on Friday night just before dinnertime. As he stepped through the doorway and into our living room, I was struck by how good looking he was. He was tall with short dark brown hair and milky white skin. He was well built, though not overly so.

"Mark," said Janie, motioning to each of us as she introduced us, "this is my mom, my sister Lauren, and my stepdad Dan. Everybody, this is Mark Ross."

"Nice to meet you," he said as he shook hands with each of us. "Thanks so much for letting Janie bring me home. The dorm gets old after awhile, and I live too far away to get home except between semesters."

"Mark's from Colorado," Janie explained.

"Well, dinner's just about ready," Grace said. "Why don't you guys put your bags down and come into the kitchen?"

I had been really quiet throughout all of this. I hoped Mark didn't think I was weird. But having a real living, breathing gay man in my house was really turning me on. I stood with my hands covering my crotch as we walked into the kitchen, trying to hide my growing erection. As we sat down at the table, Lauren was excitedly talking with Janie and Mark about the Harry Potter books, which they all read. As I watched them talk all I could think about was the fact that he was gay. I started picturing him having sex with another man. I quickly snapped myself out of it. This was so inappropriate. My daughters were sitting at this table. This young man who had become the object of my lust was not only a guest in my home, but my stepdaughter's good friend. Not to mention the fact that I was old enough to be his father.

"How old are you, Mark?" I asked suddenly. 

The girls looked up at me, puzzled, and I sheepishly realized I had inadvertently butted right into the middle of their conversation. Mark, however, smiled politely and answered me. "I just turned twenty."

I nodded distractedly. My daughters exchanged looks that seemed to say "He's finally lost it," but Mark fixed me with a quick penetrating stare, and then turned back to the Harry Potter conversation.

"I hope you don't mind sleeping in Janie's bedroom, Mark," Grace said a few minutes later. "We don't have a guest room. Janie can sleep with Lauren in her room for the weekend."

"No, that's okay," Mark protested. "I don't mind sleeping on your couch."

"I like when Janie sleeps with me," Lauren said through a mouthful of pizza.

With the sleeping arrangements settled, the conversation turned to Mark's campus activism. Grace asked him what causes he was involved with, and after naming all of them, he drew himself up in his chair.

"Inclusion is very important to me, and I and some other students are trying to help shape the University into a place that is more respectful of diversity. Not that it's awful now, but everything can be better."

"Inclusion's good," I said stupidly in a goofy voice. Janie shot me a look of annoyance for my bizarre behavior.

Mark, however, just smiled and nodded at my comment. He was so assertive and sure, but not at all cocky. I began to picture him undressing, slowly unbuttoning his shirt to reveal his bare chest. His shirt was off and he was undoing his belt when I was snapped out of my fantasy by Grace serving each of us a bowl of chocolate ice cream.

As we ate dessert, Lauren asked Janie to take her out for shopping and a movie the next day. "Sure," Janie said. Turning to Mark, she asked him if he wanted to come along. 

"No thanks. I need to get caught up on some work. That is, if you don't mind me sticking around and using your computer," he said, looking over at Grace. 

"Of course not," she said, waving her hand. Looking over at me slyly out of the corner of her eye, she added "I actually have to go into the office for a little while tomorrow, anyway, but I'm sure Dan will be able to help you with whatever you need." It was with great effort that I kept myself from cumming right there at the table.

After we finished our ice cream, Mark offered to help wash the dishes, after which time he and Janie left to meet up with some of her old high school friends. They told us not to wait up for them.

"Don't forget we're leaving at ten!" Lauren shouted as they walked out the door. Janie shouted back, "I won't!" 

As we climbed into bed that night, Grace reached over and found my cock already hard. She smiled and said, "Thinking about you and Mark having a little quality time tomorrow?" 

I laughed and said "No," rather weakly. She gave me a knowing smile, then rolled over and quickly fell asleep. I didn't fall asleep quite so easily, though.

I slept later than usual and only woke when Grace came into the bedroom with a cup of coffee for me. She said that the girls were just getting ready to leave and she was just finishing up some computer work and was then going to head out, as well. She slid her hand beneath the sheets and gave my cock a stroke. "I'll take care of that later if you don't get any other offers," she said, and with a wink, she walked out. I watched the sports news and drank my coffee and a few minutes later she came back to give me a kiss goodbye. What I didn't know was that her "computer work" was leaving some of my erotic stories open but minimized on the computer that Mark was going to be using that morning. She knew they'd be impossible for him to miss and she suspected that when he read the rather graphic content he would be spurred into action. 

I turned the TV off and finished my coffee, then got up to take a shower. As I stood under the warm stream of water, I began to stroke my cock, again thinking of our handsome young houseguest. Just the fact that I was alone in the house with him was arousing. I stroked myself slowly, but before I came, I stopped and resolved to save it for Grace when she got home. I got out and toweled off, and by now was thinking of a few things that I had to get done at some point during the day. I walked out of the bathroom naked and went towards my dresser as usual. What wasn't usual was that Mark was lying naked on our bed slowly stroking his cock.

I stopped, in shock, and stupidly asked, "Mark, what are you doing?"

He didn't answer for some time and then said slowly, "I'm stroking my cock."

I couldn't say anything at first, but finally, my mouth reacted properly and said, "You need to leave."

He didn't move and didn't answer at first, then said, "Do I? It looks like your cock says otherwise."

My cock, of course, displayed my true feelings and was throbbing hard already. I dropped my eyes down, partly from embarrassment and partly to confirm the betrayal that I could feel pulsing hot through my body. My eyes drifted slowly up and stared at his cock. He was still lightly stroking his hand up and down the shaft. I stared and could do nothing but observe every detail. It was beautiful. Long and thick, not huge, but big and perfectly shaped. I stared and couldn't look away. My trance was broken by him getting up from the bed and walking towards me. My eyes dropped again. I was too nervous and embarrassed to look at him. I could see a wet spot at the tip of my cock and then could see his body come into view as he stepped close to me. His hands gently slid over my nipples, causing my body to convulse and more wetness to seep from the end of my cock. His hand went to my cock and he wiped his fingers across the wet head and I thought that I would cum all over his hand. He brought his hand to my mouth and pushed my chin up so that I was forced to look at him at the same time. My mouth went to his fingers and licked the salty wetness from them as he said, "You're hungry, Dan, aren't you?"

I nodded my head in shame and hunger.

He smiled and said, "You want to suck my cock, don't you?"

I nodded my head again.

"That's not good enough. Tell me what you want."

"I want to suck your cock," I said with a trembling voice.

"I know you do. You want me to make you my whore. You don't just want to suck my cock, you want to worship it. You want every drop of cum you can get out of it, don't you?"

It was not a question and he knew the answer. "Oh God, yes. I want your cock in my mouth. I want you to fuck me and I want you to give me all your hot cum," I blurted out as I dropped to my knees in front of him and his swollen cock.

I stared straight ahead at it and he took it in his hand and slowly stroked it up and down again. He bent his cock forward and ran it across my cheek and under my chin. He forced my head up with it, to make me look him in the face. I tried to look away, but couldn't. He asked, "Where do you want my cum, Dan?"

"Everywhere," was all I could say.

He smiled. A sort of wry smile that seemed to be amused by what a cum slut I was in front of him. I was beyond embarrassment by now and was consumed by lust. My servitude fed his arousal and he gave way to his power over me completely. "I'm going to give it to you everywhere before we're done," he said, "but I'm going to start with your face, because a slut should have cum on his face before he gets fucked. Get on the bed."

I climbed onto the bed and he pulled my head around so that it was close to the edge. He stood over me, stroking his cock. I stared in amazement and lust at his cock and heavy balls just inches from my face. My body quivered and my face was frozen in a look of lustful anticipation. "Tell me what you want, Dan," he panted.

"Cum on my face. Oh God, cum on my face. Shoot your hot cum on me. Cover me. I want it. Please. Cum on my face. Please. Please, Mark. Please. Please." I ranted.

I watched his balls pull tight to the base of his cock. His cock throbbed and jerked. His cum flew and landed hot on my face. Shot after hot shot flew from his lurching cock all over my face and neck and into my hair. My orgasm came. Cum poured from my cock out onto my belly. His legs grew weak from the force of his orgasm and he leaned forward onto the bed to steady himself, pressing his cock and balls into my face as he did. I licked and sucked at his cum soaked balls. A long moan that started when I saw the first throb of his cock was muffled but not diminished by his messy crotch pressed to my face. I felt his hand on my cock and, though its hardness had only diminished slightly, I felt it grow harder still. He regained his strength and brought his hand to my mouth. I licked my cum greedily from his fingers. He ran his fingers through the cum that he had shot all over my face and smiled at me, seeing that I was eagerly awaiting whatever he wanted to do to me next. He slid his hand under my neck and lifted my head towards the head of the bed. He spread cum everywhere he touched me. I was lying on the bed now, with my head toward the top. He straddled my chest and pressed forward, saying, "Suck my cock, Dan."

I did so eagerly and he slowly began to move his hips back and forth, fucking my face. I nearly choked, but he went slowly at first and then fed me more and more of his cock with each forward stroke. I wanted every inch of him inside me and relaxed my throat and gave over to him. "That's it. Suck it. Oh yea, take the whole thing. I knew you were a cocksucker the first moment I saw you. Yea, take it, you fucking cocksucker. Yea, suck that cock. Oh God, Dan, you are such a cock hungry slut. I'm going to fuck your face and then I'm going to fuck your ass."

I felt his heavy balls slap against my chin and my nose press into the matted hair of his crotch with each forward stroke. He reached to the back of my head and pulled my hair hard with each forward stroke, burying his cock into my hungry mouth. He stopped and rolled off of me. "Get on your knees, bitch. I'm going to fuck that tight ass of yours now."

The sound that escaped me was half moan and half whimper. I quickly moved to my knees, my head and shoulders pressed to the bed. "Reach back and spread your cheeks for me," he commanded.

"Oh God, fuck my ass," I panted as my hands pulled my ass cheeks apart, exposing my tight hole to him.

"Shut up, slut," he barked. "Push your finger in there and loosen it up for me."

I wiped my finger around the sweat and cum that had run between my legs and then slowly forced my finger up inside my tight ass. I felt like such a slut, finger fucking my ass in front of him, but I wanted so badly for him to fuck me and my finger felt so good, I slowly worked it in and out, moaning the whole time. Janie would have been mortified beyond words if she could see what was happening right now between me and her good friend. 

"You are such a horny bitch," he taunted. "Work another finger in there so my cock doesn't split you open."

"Please, just fuck me," I moaned, but I complied, forcing a second finger into my ass.

"Oh, I'm going to fuck you alright. I'm going to give you pleasure unlike anything you've ever known before. I'm going to shove my whole cock into that tight little ass of yours. I'm going to fuck it until it milks my cum, and I'm going to fill your slut ass with hot cum." 

His hand pulled mine away, my fingers popping out. They were quickly replaced by the fat head of his cock. It was coated with cum and saliva and he leaned forward in one steady thrust, pushing his whole cock into my ass. I felt his weight on me and over me, and it pressed my head and shoulders into the soft bed. I moaned. A slow, deep moan. My ass felt impossibly full and my cock throbbed and dripped. He eased his cock back and then slowly forward again. I could feel every beautiful inch of it touch every nerve and sending waves of only pleasure over my entire body. My hips rocked back, wanting him to fuck me harder and deeper. "Yes. Yes. Fuck me. Oh, yes, Mark, fuck me," I panted.

His hands took my hips and he began to thrust powerfully and deeply with each stroke. His hips crashed against my ass and he couldn't fuck me hard enough or fast enough for either of us. We were both blind to anything but our own lust and he fucked my ass wildly. My hands clutched handfuls of the bedspread, trying to get a grip to force myself back harder against his thrusts. I panted and struggled to breathe, my face buried in the blankets. I felt his cock stiffen and throb in my ass as he reached around and stroked me. I lifted my head from the mattress and saw my beautiful Gracie standing inside the bedroom doorway, leaning back against the door with her pants around her knees. She rubbed her clit furiously with the flat of her hand pressed hard against her mound. She came hard as we did, and it was far from the last time that day for any of us.

By the time Janie and Lauren arrived home that evening, we were all showered and sitting at the kitchen table as innocently as could be.

"How was the movie?" I asked casually, hoping they couldn't somehow sense that Daddy had spent the last seven hours getting pounded in every possible position while Mommy watched.

"Great," was Lauren's answer, while Janie's was a less enthusiastic, "Ok." She asked Mark if he got all his work done.

"Oh, I got it done," he said slyly, caressing my clothed member underneath the table.

I can't wait until Janie's next visit.