 Author's note:

Hello All. I am back real life got in the way for a bit, this story is new and I hope you like it. Please show so in the comments.

*****

I should have known something was up when the realtor gave me a weird smile the day the house closed escrow and it was mine. I had wanted a remote location to relax in my solitude and not be bothered by too many neighbors. This house was certainly remote and the closest neighbor was 20 miles away. It seemed perfect for my wants and needs; still that strange look through me off.

"You'll love it. You won't mind being alone in a big house." He said.

"It's just what I need."

I had just broken up from a failed relationship and it hit me hard. Therefore, I decided that I needed some time to myself and reconnect with me. This house fit the bill perfectly and it was affordable. 

I moved in as soon as I could, a moving company helped me and they did not ask any questions. I started unpacking that day. All day I had a weird feeling in the house; I just wrote it off as new house jitters and went on with my work. 

Once I had everything where I wanted it and only a few things left to place, I took a break and made something to eat. I was a mess so I decided to take a shower and then off to bed. I was showering and just relaxing in the warm water a bit; I still had that feeling as I began to soap up my body. There are times that my body reacts when I rub myself and this was no different. I stroked my cock a bit to clean it and it grew some. There was a feeling of excitement in the air; it felt like I was being watched as I stroked my cock.

I rinsed the soap off starting with my chest, my abdomen, and my cock. I centered on my cock and balls with the showerhead. It felt warm and very comfortable, like a mouth sucking on it. I moved the showerhead back and forth over my hardening cock. The water felt softer for some reason; I was lost in thought as I imagined a warm mouth sucking on my cock. I moved the showerhead back and forth to add to the sensation. My eyes were closed; my hips moved forward and I came with such an explosion that I almost fell. The final spasms finished and I relaxed more. I looked down figuring that I'd have to clean off my now sensitive cock. However, when I looked down; the cum was gone. I again felt a sense of satisfaction emanating from the house.

I finished cleaning myself up and readied myself for bed; it was only about 8 o'clock in the evening. However, I was tired from the move and it felt good to slip into the clean sheets. I was reading when I heard it first. It was a whisper but it was directed at me for some reason. 

"I feel I should introduce myself, since we have already been intimate." The voice said.

"Who? Where are you?" I asked.

"I am everywhere in this house. I am the house. I was created a long time ago by some origin that even I don't understand."

"You'll have to excuse me for being somewhat skeptical. I am a little hesitant as well. Also, I am getting scared here."

"You have nothing to fear from me. If anything, we are going to enjoy each other's company. Nothing to fear and the pleasure will be intense. You did feel that way when we were in the shower earlier this evening?"

"Well yes it was intense. Will it always be in the shower or throughout the house?"

"Wherever and whenever you wish. There are also side effects of my encounters. I can cum inside you and it will revitalize you. It will help you lose weight as there are chemicals in it that are modified for that purpose. They will not harm you and you will find them helpful. Also, there is a gym downstairs that you can use, I recommend it even."

"A gym I didn't see that in the open house, but I will give it a try."

"Good, now rest and wake refreshed; there is a lot of unpacking to do tomorrow."

Laying my head down on the pillow I fell asleep quickly. Somehow I felt secure and had no fear or worries about the house. I still wondered how the real estate salesperson didn't tell me about the gym. It is a selling point. 

I woke up at 8:00 am as my habit. Made my way to the kitchen for a cup of coffee. I did have the presence of mind to set the coffee maker up first last night. Sitting down at my table looking at the all the boxes that needed to be emptied, with a sigh I took another sip.

After finishing up the unpacking, I went exploring around the house. There was a distinctive vibe in the house. I didn't feel tired at all. I found the stairs that had a door at the bottom of them. I wondered how could I have missed this?

"This has to be the gym." I said to myself as I opened the door.

The gym was the length of the house. There was several nautilus equipment that were placed throughout the area and at the end was a hot tub, which looked inviting. I checked out some of the equipment and it all seemed very well maintained. 

"The previous owner liked to work out in the nude so he could see his progress. It was very comforting for him. It also gave me easy access to his body." The voice said.

I smiled, "That must have been fun for both of you."

"And his guests. You see some people knew about me and they didn't seem taken aback by it. Although there were uncomfortable moments when the owner would come home and I was sucking off one of his friends who stopped by. He'd usually join in at that moment but after a few of those I usually waited for him to arrive. It was the only polite thing to do."

"Well I can see that and it's time for dinner. I have to make it; I'm tired of fast food."

"Good. The occasional pizza is nice but not for a regular diet."

I walked up the stairs and made my way to the kitchen looking in the cupboards. I decided on spaghetti. It was quick and easy to make so that was dinner. 

As I was relaxing on the couch watching TV, I dozed on and off while the TV was showing some program that I couldn't remember. I woke a little and noticed that the TV was off and I was laying on the couch. I went back to dozing as my hand was cupping my balls, as is my habit. I held my cock and fell further into sleep. 

The house responded by raising three tentacles that resembled cock heads; one was rubbing my balls. Another went to rubbing the crack in my ass, making its way to the puckered hole. I felt the last of the 'cocks' rub up against my mouth and I open it slightly. It entered my mouth slowly as I sucked it in.

The tentacle at my balls became a mouth; moved up to my cock head and slid down the shaft with a sucking motion. I moaned as my cock entered the warm mouth. It felt like a warm glove and had just the right amount of suction. It picked up speed as I moaned louder and moved my legs up to open my ass cheeks more. 

The cock that was circling my hole started moving forward into my ass. It moved forward slowly at first but it was forcing its way further inside. It then moved back to the entrance that it made, keeping the cockhead within the hole. It squirted lubricant and moved in easier filling me up. The mouth on my cock sucked faster and provided more stimulation. 

I sucked the cock in my mouth harder and faster. It was growing hard and moved in a piston fashion. I could feel it tense up and it filled my mouth as I moaned taking in its fluid. I felt the cock in my ass pause and then the head was growing a bit as it came with one last thrust into my hole. It slid to the rim of my hole as the mouth on my cock pumped harder. Just as I was at the cum threshold the cock in my ass pushed forward hard and I came as hard as I could, my hips lifting off the couch. 

I fell back into the cushions and was still cumming into the mouth and after what seemed like hours I was finally spent. I was moaning and breathing hard as the tentacles released themselves and cleaned my body. Still breathing hard, I moved to get up off the couch.

"I hope you found that satisfactory" the voice said.

"Yes, it was."

My legs were wobbly as I made my way to the bedroom. 

"Rest for the evening and I will prepare breakfast for you."

"Thank you."

I made my way to the bedroom and fell into bed. I was asleep in seconds. I woke up about four in the morning and felt something massaging my balls. I looked down and there was a device that was moving slightly on my balls. It was cupping them and then gently kneading them. It gave me a semi so I didn't complain and went back to sleep. I smiled while sleeping. I swear I heard the house moan with pleasure.

Later that morning I rolled over onto my back and my semi was now a raging hard cock. I looked down and saw that a device was now stroking my cock slowly. I smiled and moaned.

"That is one great way to wake up, thanks", I said.

"Not done yet."

I heard the device make a noise as it elongated and it slid down to my sac to make its way to my hole. I spread my legs apart as it moved with a single purpose. It found my hole and paused at the puckered ring. It moved slowly forward and worked its way passed the tight ring. I held my breath as it went in with a thrust.

The head was rounded and went in easy enough but I still felt the thickness expand like a balloon. It rotated as it went further and my cock responded with a twitch. The part holding on to my cocked squeezed the shaft and held the hardness. I moaned as it invaded my ass and moved in and out leaving the tip inside. Once the rhythm was set the device stroked my cock slowly at first and then with even, long strokes. I was moaning loudly now and the device rammed my ass harder. This made me almost scream as I came shooting over my head. My cock was still be stroked while I came, it wouldn't stop. It secreted lube on my cock to ease any pain. 

"I'm going to make you ass raw." The voice said as it pushed harder in and out. It did this for a while as my ass started to ache from the ramming. It suctioned off the cum on my cock and stomach. Then I felt the head shudder in my ass as it shot liquid into my ass. I realized that it was using my own cum to shoot inside me. 

I moaned loudly, "Yes fuck me and fill me with my own cum!!"

I arched my back and fell back as my ass spasmed. The ring shuddered a few times as the rod pulled out and shoved one more time inside and then out. I laid there and rested for about twenty minutes, trying to get my strength back. The rod moved into my ring again. I tensed up, not wanting to go again.

"Relax, time for some healing."

I felt the rod's head widen and my muscles stretched opening the hole so that some soothing cream could be placed just inside. There was a numbing agent to the cream as well and it was cool. It felt great. I moaned as the pain was gone and my ring relaxed.

"Time for a shower and then breakfast." The voice said.

I agreed and made my way to the bathroom. I thought I had heard humming, but I couldn't be sure. The shower was warm and soothing.