 Disclaimer: The following contains explicit scenes of male sex and a variety of consensual activities. This story may not be copied or posted to any other websites without explicit permission from the author. 

All characters depicted are above 18 years of age. If any of this content is offensive to you or illegal to access in your geography, please do not proceed. The characters are entirely fictitious and are not based on anyone who has or is still living. I've never met people who are anywhere near as interesting as the ones in my stories. They are all a figment of my huge imagination and warped sense of humour. 

The author is not a professional fiction writer and is just enjoying a new hobby. Comments may be addressed to me.




Chaz was returning home from a business trip he had been on. It was Friday night, and he didn't expect to be home until at least Monday. He lived alone so the only person he'd have to tell would be Ty, his neighbour, friend and college kid from the neighbourhood who looked after the house when he was on the road. 

Things had gone really well and he had sold three different clients on his new inventory control system for their warehouses. The final selling point was it could be used in conjunction with their retail outlets, which allowed for daily reordering of stock or real time spot inventory checks. The sales had been very, very profitable as well. He was looking forward to getting home to take a dip in the pool, and a celebratory jerk off before he went to sleep in his own bed. His home was within city limits, but in a residential acreage area. The neighbours were about a mile apart in the subdivision so they all had a lot of privacy in their yards which allowed Chaz to work on his all over tan.

Chaz was 33 years old, 5'11", 170 lbs and pretty good shape. He could be in better shape, but he never seemed to have the desire to drag himself down to the gym. Chaz did enjoy swimming and running, but the weights seemed to bore him to death. He had blonde chest hair which matched the hair on his head. There wasn't a lot of chest hair, but enough to give his chest a definite masculine look as it narrowed into a treasure trail leading down to his bush. He had an uncut dick, 5 inches soft and 8 inches hard, hanging over a set of hairless egg sized balls. Over the years, he had been complimented many times about his cute little ass. Chaz was gay, and had been out for many years. The neighbours knew, and didn't care.

When he pulled onto his street, he saw it was nearly midnight. Chaz pulled up the long laneway and observed Ty's car in the laneway. There were no lights on in the house, or in the backyard. Chaz thought it was unusual at this time of night for him to be at the house but he may have come over to have a late night swim. 

Ty is 21 years old now and a cutie. He was a very nice young man with a great personality, and doing very well at university. He stands about 6', 150 lbs of lean muscle with medium skin from an Eastern European heritage, giving him the appearance of a light tan all year around. His chest was smooth; he keeps it shaved as part of the swim team at the university. Ty had beautiful soft brown eyes, and although he kept his brown hair medium length, he always had it well groomed. The young man's chest was very solid; with his nipples very prominent and sexy looking. When he wore his little swim team speedo suit, it was obvious there was no space left over in it with his ample package. Chaz could tell through the outline of the speedo that Ty was cut. He was real nice to look at wearing his speedo as he strutted around the pool. When he bent over to pick something up, the speedo went tight and displayed his taught ass cheeks which drove Chaz nuts at times.

He hit the remote and the garage door opened. Chaz parked inside, and headed into the house. When he got inside, Chaz could hear something. He concentrated for a moment, and it sounded like it was coming out of his basement man cave. He had a split level house, and the first level of his basement Chaz had turned into a recreation room and theatre. Chaz had installed a HD projector along with a top of the line sound system with the projector shooting a 6'x6' picture on a specially painted wall. He also had some comfortable reclining chairs to sit or lay back on while watching the screen and listening to digital surround him.

Chaz slowly approached the stairs leading down to his man cave. After listening for a moment, he realized the sound he was hearing belonged to one of the gay porn DVD's he owned and stored down there in a cabinet. Moving down slowly, he could see a couple of liquor bottles on the coffee table. The liquor bottles looked like his, but a lot of their contents were now missing. Chaz moved down another step and was finally in a position to see the back of Ty's head as well as someone else's. Chaz looked at realized it was Kevin, Ty's best friend. It figures the two of them are here together thought Chaz.

Kevin was 21 and just about a mirror image of his buddy Ty. The two of them had been friends for a few years now, and where you found one, it was rare the other wasn't somewhere nearby. He had been coming to the house with Ty for quite a while now. Kevin seemed starved for attention, and Chaz was happy to have both of them around the house. The three of them played cards, swam, shot the shit around the backyard fire pit and enjoyed talking through the meals Chaz made for them. He was about 6', 160 lbs of lean muscle with lighter colour skin colour. He shaved his body for swimming as well. Kevin had green eyes, and light brown hair. He had as nice of a defined chest as Ty, with darker coloured areolas with nice nipples on them. Kevin also wore a little speedo suit when he came with Ty to swim. He had real problems keeping his flaccid cock in his suit. The outline shown in his suit was he had an uncut dick. His ass was smaller, and a little flatter than Ty's, but it looked very edible.

Chaz looked at the TV, and the video they were watching surprised him. It was one of Chaz's favorite daddy type movies. The movie scene he knew well, and it was nearing the end. The daddy type guy had just finished spanking the two college aged young men. They were on their hands in knees with their rosy asses up in the air and the daddy was playing with their assholes while pulling at their cocks. The actor would eventually end up fucking them both.

Kevin was naked, sitting in a recliner. He had his feet under his thighs, and his knees spread wide. He was focused on the video while his one hand stroked his 8" hard cock and the other one rubbed his asshole. He was sliding the foreskin up and down over the big purple head. Kevin was running his finger around his asshole, using his own pre-cum to let it slide on the velvety skin. He loved the feel of his finger as it circled his little love hole. Kevin was now staring at Ty as he was jacking off in the chair next to him. He was focused on the clear fluid oozing out of the cock belonging to his friend. Kevin wanted to taste Ty's cum so bad, and also dreamed of having that dick in his ass. Although he had never sucked anyone before, he wanted to start with Ty. Kevin wanted to kiss Ty, and make love with him. They jerked off together sometimes, but they had never done anything more because Ty was straight. 

Kevin said "this is so hot Ty."

Ty had he legs spread and hanging over each side. His 8.5" inch cock was oozing nicely, to give him lots of lube as he slid his hand up and down the shaft. He liked looking at Kevin as he was jacking. He has jerked off many times thinking about Kevin being naked on his bed, and him making love with him. Ty loved the way Kevin smelled after a run, and he dreamed of licking his arm pits.

"Yeah" Ty replied.

Chaz decided it was time to announce his presence. Chaz yelled "Gentlemen, what the fuck is this?"

The two young men jumped up and stared at Chaz. Their hard cocks were sticking straight out until they tried to use their hands and cover up.

Ty started to stutter as he was thinking what to say, but nothing was coming out his mouth which made sense. Kevin couldn't form words either. Chaz moved towards the TV and stood there.

Chaz stared at the two very attractive naked young men standing in front of him. "Well, answer me boys."

"We were just jerking off together" Kevin quickly spit out.

Ty added "Lots of people our age do it. It doesn't mean anything."

Chaz thought for a moment, "But they do it in their own homes. You are doing it in my house, drinking my booze while watching my gay porn movies."

They both hung their heads, looking at the ground.

"Chaz, I've betrayed your trust and our friendship. I am so sorry" said Ty. His eyes were starting to water from fear and regret.

Kevin looked at Chaz and said "We were wrong. I'm sorry."

"What are you going to do to us" asked Ty fearfully.

"Before I say anything more, why don't you two go to the bathroom and get a towel each to wrap around yourselves." 

The two of them almost ran over each other trying to get to the bathroom first. 

"We're screwed" said Kevin.

"I don't know what to say Kev. I know I am. I was trusted to look after the house" said Ty. "My parents are going to kill me after Chaz had finished with us."

"We're in this together Ty. We both made the decision to watch the DVD and drink Chaz's booze" said Kevin as he put his hand on Ty's shoulder.

Ty looked at his friend and said "Let's get this over with. I'll take the blame for us, it's my responsibility."

All Kevin said was "We did it together, and we suffer together."

They went back into the TV room and sat down. The projector had been turned off, and Chaz was sitting on the coffee table. He hadn't said anything to them yet.

Kevin's mind was wandering and he couldn't get the image of how much better looking Chaz was than the daddy actor in the movie. He had always liked the way the Chaz's blonde hair looked on his chest when he was out swimming with them. Kevin had always admired and fantasized about Chaz's nice basket in his board shorts. He also loved watching Chaz as he got out of the pool with the bathing suit material clung tightly to his body, leaving little to the imagination. 

Ty was thinking about how Chaz was gay, and he had tried for a long time to see if he was interested in him at all. He had always thought how Chaz was pretty hot and a real nice guy on top of that. His fantasies when jerking off many times at night were often mixed between images of having sex with Chaz or Kevin. His thought was broken when Chaz spoke.

"Are your parent's home?" asked Chaz.

"No sir. They took off together on a trip for the weekend. They left us at home, as usual" said Ty. He paused and then added "I'm real sorry about this Chaz."

Chaz held his hand up signalling Ty to stop. 

Chaz studied the two young men. He liked both of them as friends, and Ty had always been good whenever Chaz needed help. Chaz thought both of the men were pretty cute, and maybe wait see how this develops. "Obviously, you two have had a couple of drinks. Do you want another?" asked Chaz.

Ty and Kevin were surprised by Chaz's question. They looked at him for a long time, and Ty answered "Yes, if it's ok."

"Let's go upstairs, grab some beer and sit in the living room. I am going to ask you a few questions, and it's time for absolute honesty guys. I'll listen to your answers, and then I'll determine what appropriate punishment will be dealt to you two."

"Yes sir" they both said. The three of them went upstairs to kitchen, grabbed a beer each, and went into the living room. Kevin and Ty sat on the couch while Chaz sat in a recliner opposite of them.

"Guys, I could tell you liked what you were watching on the projector. I 'm right about that aren't I?" asked Chaz.

Kevin answered first. "Chaz, I was interested in the video; it was pretty hot."

"I've never seen one like that, but I did like it" said Ty looking at the floor.

Chaz smiled on his inside. "Have you guys ever fooled around with each other, and I mean more than jerking off?"

The two young men looked at Chaz, and nodded their heads and said "no."

"I was standing on the stairs for a couple of minutes, watching your guys before I spoke. You both were staring at the other while jacking off; can I assume you were enjoying looking at each other?" asked Chaz.

The two guys looked at each other and nodded "yes" slowly.

Chaz quickly asked "You guys are interested in each other, aren't you? But neither of you have made a move on the other."

Ty spoke first "Chaz, I have wondered what it would be like with a guy, and Kevin is my best friend. We've jacked together a couple of times, and I had secretly hoped it would go further. But it never did."

Kevin responded as well. "I have always liked jacking with you Ty, but I was scared to suggest doing anything more with you. I was scared to say anything in case you got mad at me and we ended up not being friends. We've both fucked girls, and we even did one together."

"Well, the one night we both did Beth and I got so hard watching you fuck her" said Ty.

"I loved watching you fuck her too" said Kevin.

Chaz smiled at the two men. "Guys, it's obvious to me you want to experiment a bit to find out what it's like. It doesn't make you gay or bisexual, it's just experimentation. Actually, lots of guys at your age who are in college or university experiment with male/male sex. Some never do it again after they try, some do it when the opportunity occasionally presents itself throughout life, and some decide they like men better than women. It's too early to decide what you guys are and stick a label on it."

"Chaz, I've wanted to try it for a while now" stated Ty. 

Chaz replied quickly "I know you did Ty. You did your best to show off your cute little butt and hot body more than once. But while it was a compliment to me, I thought we're neighbours and I'm friends with your parents. Plus, you are a bit younger. To be honest, there was more than once I was tempted, but you needed time to think it out. In all honesty, the two of you are actually pretty cute together especially as a couple."

"You think I'm cute?" asked Ty.

Before Kevin could even think about what he was saying, he blurted "Your smoking hot."

Chaz smiled. "I agree with your little buddy. You both are the cutest guys I have seen in a long time."

They both blushed and said "Thanks."

"So neither of you has ever done anything with another guy before?" asked Chaz.

They both said "no."

"Ok, let's move on. Let's get back to the problem I have with what you two did tonight. If you had asked me, I would have allowed you guys to watch TV. My DVD's are in a cabinet cupboard, so you had to look for them and I have given you some drinks before, when I was present. What you two did was come into my home when you thought I was away and without thinking about potential consequences, helped yourself. Do you think you should be punished for what you did?" asked Chaz.

Both of them said yes.

"How do you think I should punish you two?"

Neither of them said a word. Chaz was giving them time to respond as waited a couple of minutes. Kevin and Ty were looking at their feet, or picking at lint on the towels wrapped around them.

Finally, Kevin spoke "I don't know what to say Chaz, a spanking?"

Chaz looked at Ty. "Well, your thoughts?"

Ty hesitated, and answered. "I agree with Kevin. It was a bad decision to take advantage of you and your house."

"It was our decision Chaz, either one of us could have said no" Kevin explained.

"You're a little old for a spanking aren't you boys?" asked Chaz.

"Not if it fixes what I did" Ty said nervously.

Kevin smiled, and then put a serious look on his face before saying "I agree with Ty. If it makes things better, I'll do it Chaz."

"So what you guys are saying is you want me to spank you as your punishment" said Chaz.

After looking at each other, Kevin and Ty answered "yes."

"Just like in the movie you were enjoying on my TV?" asked Chaz.

They both answered "yes" again.

Chaz paused before answering with "Are you sure?"

"Yes, for both of us" answered Ty.

"Then you will get what you ask for, and more." said Chaz. 

Chaz lifted his beer bottle and finished it off, placing the empty the coffee table. He then got up, "Come with me" as he walked towards the bedroom. They finished their beer off and set the bottles next to Chaz's on the table. Chaz entered the bedroom, followed by the two young men. Chaz turned and faced them. 

"You two don't need these any more" as he pulled the towels off their narrow hips. The two reacted immediately and tried to cover themselves up. 

"Hands at your sides" Chaz barked.

The two young men stood with their hands at their sides, exposing themselves to Chaz. He could see their dicks had begun to harden quickly. Chaz told them to them to crawl onto the end of the bed on their hands and knees, with their head down and ass in the air. Once they had done that, he tapped the insides if their knees indicating to the young men that he wanted them spread their knees further apart. Two beautiful asses were in front of him, tight mounds of flesh with their virgin little assholes were now fully exposed.

Chaz reached his hands out and rubbed the globes in front of him. They both jumped under his touch, but settled quickly. His hands followed the contours of the muscles up and down each globe, gently dragging his fingers along the length of the well-conditioned cheeks. Both of the young men gasped, and then slowly exhaled.

Chaz placed a finger from each hand at the top of the wide canal formed by the spread cheeks, and lightly dragged his fingers down between each man's crack, from the top and down. As his fingers came into contact with the tight little rings of muscle, the two men groaned. 

He used his fingers to lightly circle the holes of both men, the both of them quietly moaning "mmmm."

"Kevin, stand up" directed Chaz. He slowly got onto his feet, his hard cock sticking straight out from his body with a drop of clear fluid on the end. Chaz took Kevin's hands and placed them onto Ty's exposed ass.

"This is what you have wanted Kevin. Let your hands wander and feel his body" said Chaz. Kevin looked at Chaz with a look of fear mixed with euphoria at finally being able to touch his friend in the way he dreamt about so much. He reached out and hands slowly felt the globes of flesh in front of him, shaking from nervousness. 

"Run your hands along the crack, massage those muscles gently Kevin" suggested Chaz. Kevin did so. He took his hands and run them along the crevice of Ty's ass. He touched the hole before him and found it to be very soft, warm and defined to the touch. Kevin had never seen this part of Ty before, and he appreciated the beauty of it. He took his finger and gently rubbed around it in circles. Ty responded by groaning out loud, his muscles shivering under the contact.

Chaz took Kevin's hand, manipulating it so the index finger was the only one pointing out from his hand. He took it and gently placed it at the top of Ty's crack, and dragged it along the entire length and down to the perineum, and into contact with the low hanging balls. 

"Open your hand and gently grasp that large piece of hanging meat Kevin." Kevin was shaking from nerves as he gently took hold of his friends cock, feeling the warm and soft skin within his grasp. 

Ty hissed "Kevin that feels so good."

Kevin allowed his hand to gently grasp the hanging balls, manipulating them with his fingers. He felt the skin, and how incredibly soft it was to his touch. His hand moved up towards Ty's cock, and he grasped it. His hand moved up the entire length until he felt the dampness from the fluid oozing out of it. Kevin used his finger to circle the head of the penis. Ty shivered at his touch, feeling an electrical charge spread throughout his body in waves where ever Kevin touched him.
