 This is the story of how I was introduced to the overwhelming world of gay sex. I believe that deep down, given the chance, many guys would privately wish for a story like this to happen to them, to experience this pleasure, to have your body the total focus of sexual attention by another person. I was a more-or-less happy straight man and was transformed over a period of about two months. This is an episode in my past but writing about it has got me wondering about stepping back into that world again sometime soon...

It started five years ago when I had my first real threesome; it was with an ex-girlfriend I had recently broken up with (I thought she was too wild and loose) and another guy she knew after we had all been drinking at a party. We were all in our last year of college, all 22 years old. She invited us back to her place, walking between us arm-in-arm and laughing and giving us squeezes around the waist. When we got to her place she basically hoed herself out. I was drunk and horny and up for trying something new. She stripped down to her panties on the couch and got our pants down and played with us both with her hands and eventually her mouth. That night is pretty blurry in my memory, but now that I recall it, the other guy seemed very interested when she was paying attention to me. The climax was spit roasting her, me in her mouth and him in her pussy. I didn't know where she had been so I was happy to take the mouth. Over the night he had complimented me and touched me a little, on the arm, at one point telling her to suck on my nice juicy cock. 

A couple days later he came around my place late at night when I was alone, and asked if he could come in. I felt a nervous fluttering in my belly, but I said sure. I didn't know him but for that one night and the memory of it between us made for some awkward small talk. He ended that by just coming right out and telling me that he would like to give me a blow job like my ex-girlfriend did. I was taken aback to say the least, but he mollified me by saying that he would keep it a secret, I wouldn't have to do anything in return, it's just a blowjob. 

While we were debating it, he walked over, put his hand on my crotch and said in a low voice "c'mon just let me feel it, you'll get off and then I'll be gone". I don't think he ever really got an affirmative from me, but he undid my belt, reached into my pants and started rubbing me with his hand. What the hell I thought, my heart was pounding and my cock slowly swelling under the massage of his hand. With a quick motion he got my pants pulled down, got on his knees and took my balls in his other hand. He did a really good job getting me hard with his hands then started swirling his tongue around my cockhead telling me how nice my cock was and how he'd been thinking about doing this since the threesome. Once I was fully erect he popped it in his mouth and began sucking me slowly and firmly, moans emanating from his stuffed mouth. There was definitely more passion than you get from your average date. He relaxed his jaw and really took me deep, bobbing his head up and down on me, his tongue out and slobbering on my shaft. 

Damn, it was a really great blow job. One part of me was in disbelieve and wanted to stop, but how? He was sucking me so well, and the pressure with building inexorably in me. When I was ready to cum I let him know, figuring I'd be polite, and he just uh-huhed and sucked harder until I exploded in his mouth. He swallowed it all down and cleaned up my cock afterwards with his tongue. When I pulled my pants back on, he went into the bathroom and I could hear him grunting in there and realized he was jacking himself off. I went to bed figuring he'd let himself out. I thought to myself what the hell, a blow job is a blow job, I was horny and didn't touch him so no biggie. I woke up some time later needing to piss, and when I went in the bathroom I discovered his semen all over the faucet and sink basin. Huh, I figured he had done it in the toilet like I sometimes do so as not to make a mess. I got a cloth and wiped up his cum of which there was a lot. Later I realized that his cumming on the sink and leaving it for me to clean up was part of his plan to get me used his semen as part of our play. 

He started coming around and blowing me once or twice a week, always late at night when he figured I'd be alone and maybe a bit drunk. After that first time I didn't hesitate, because I wanted that hot release. He went after my cock with a passion, sucking away at it vigorously for the cumload to swallow down, it just seemed to pour out of me and down his throat. He got me more undressed each time, and by the third or fourth time he had me lying down on my bed and he undressed himself after getting me all hot and hard and he masturbated while bobbing his head up and down on my erection. I figured that's getting a little weird, but I couldn't resist the amazing BJs. After I came down his throat he was in the habit off finishing himself off in the bathroom and leaving it for me to clean up, something we never discussed. But that time he did it sitting on his haunches on the bed in front of me, squirting his load onto his lap while I watched, recovering from the blow job. 

His next move was to explore my taint and anus with his tongue part way the through the blow job, once I was all horned up. I was lying on my back and he just lifted his mouth off my cock stuck his head down between my legs and flickered his wet tongue around under my balls and down my taint. It felt pretty good and I didn't object, so he moved down lower and licked me around my anus. Wow I'm getting rimmed I thought as I lifted my legs up to give him better access. It felt really sinful and good and kept me moaning as much as the sucking so he kept it up and that became a regular part of his routine. He would stroke my straining cock with his hand while doing this but always returned his mouth to my cock to finish me off. I'll admit I was making sure I was home after about 10 o'clock most nights so I wouldn't miss one of his drop-ins and I started washing myself at night to be clean for him. I think he was coming over 2 or 3 days per week. 

A week or so later he brought some lube and he slipped a greased middle finger into my tongue-lashed hole while I was laying naked on my back on the bed, legs parted, knees up in the air and his eager tongue licking my taint and balls. I let out a little gasp and parted my legs a little further. He proceeded to gently finger my ass, circling it around in my sphincter as well as sliding it in and out. I couldn't deny that it felt really good and I continued moaning a little and felt my cock straining even harder in his warm wet mouth. He slipped a second finger in after a while and continued hungrily devouring my cock. I came extra hard, bucking into his face with his digits thrusting deep into my butt and curving up to tickle my prostate. Best blowjob a guy could ever have. That time after I came, he put some lube on his cock and began stroking himself, kneeling between my legs with his stiff cock above my crotch pointing up my body. I wasn't sure how I felt about that at first, but I quietly watched him jerk, my chest heaving from the orgasm he had just given me. When he started shooting, I closed my eyes but made no move to get out of the way. It was strange and new to participate even passively in another man's sexual climax. He is a big cummer, and letting out a low growl he shot several long squirts that landed across my belly and chest. Although that was crossing a line, I still figured it's still all about me getting pleasured by him - some women finger their men's bums don't they? - so hey I'm not gay. And I'll just wipe that cum off me and send him on his way. 

However the next time things finally went both ways. He worked himself around into a position at my side while he was sucking and fingering me, and I could see his stiff cock just throbbing there right next to me. It is very similar in size and shape to my own. I was of course super hot from the attention he was paying my cock and ass and I noticed that occasionally he would pull his head up off my cock and with the hand that wasn't engaged in fingering my lubed up asshole he would pull at his own stiff cock, which he had lubed up. I figured what the hell, I'll give him a hand, and the next time he put his mouth back around my cock I lifted my arm on that side, palm facing up, and wrapped my fingers around his shaft. He responded immediately with a deep moan and I started slowly tugging on his very stiff manhood. His lubed cock felt hot to the touch and surprisingly nice in my hand. I began to stroke it a little faster with a rotating motion, marveling at its stiffness. I knew he was loving it, and the extra stimulation of doing this and hearing his appreciative moans got me to my climax quick. When I came, I just gripped him really tight and he pulled off me, my cum spilling out of his mouth. After catching my breath, I stroked him quickly and watched him enjoy it. It was an erotic shock when he came, head tipped back, calling oh yeah, oh yeah while thrusting into my hand and spraying his warm semen across my chest. I got up and went to then bathroom to clean up. He looked in a the door and caught my eye in the mirror as I was wiping his cum off my body with a facecloth. 

"I can come by again tomorrow night," he said. 

I looked down and simply said "Ok". 

Things were moving quickly now and the next step was frotting, where, after laying me down and getting me stiff as usual with his expert mouth work, he lubed up both of our cocks and got on top of me in the missionary position, holding himself above me with his strong arms. He lowered his pelvis down to my crotch and I spread my legs to receive him, his straining erection pointing upwards next to my own. He told me to wrap my hands around both of our cocks. I did, and squeezing his hard hot cock against mine was a sensation I'll never forget. I held our lubed shafts together in both hands while he began slowly thrusting up and down and then pressing and gyrating his crotch against mine. I squeezed and twisted my hands around our greasy cocks, keeping them pressed together. We were both moaning and groaning with abandon and soon came simultaneously, our loads mixing together as they sprayed upwards on my belly and chest. He rolled off to the side and then cleaned the cum off me with his mouth. I realized that now I would have a hard time saying I wasn't into gay sex, but I was starting not to care, and besides the orgasms were so strong. 

The inevitable happened the next time we met, two days later. I helped him undress me on the bed and he bent down and sucked my cock for a minute before getting himself undressed, releasing his ever stiff wang from his boxer shorts. He got out the lube and applied it to both our cocks and I reached over and took his cock in my hand, squeezing and tugging on it. For awhile we stroked each other in a mutual session, sitting on the bed, one of his legs over mine, saying nothing but looking each other over almost shyly. His cock felt good in my hand and I realized I was not just anticipating my own orgasm, but was also looking forward to bringing him off somehow. 

I wondered what he was going to do next, feeling ready for anything. He released my cock, and wordlessly guiding me with his hands, turned me around and eased me onto all fours. I was tingling with anticipation when he grasped my erection from between my legs, pulling it back, and then buried his face between my buttocks and gave my ass a very thorough rimming, even pressing his tongue into my hole, all the while milking my cock with his hand. This stimulation was driving me so wild that I asked him to stop stroking me because I didn't want to cum yet. I wanted to get his cock involved. 

I told him to go ahead and do whatever he wanted to do, I was all his. He asked me if I was sure and I breathlessly said the words "yes, stick your cock in me". He asked me if he should wear a condom and I said "if you're clean just do it". I was shocked at my eagerness for him to fuck me and I swear my hips were involuntarily swaying, enticing him to get on with it. I was in heat and burning with anticipation. 

He took the lube and with two fingers thoroughly greased and probed my aching bum, circling his fingers around and stopping occasionally to gently pull my hole open, outwards from the center. I sunk my chest down into the bed, arms out in front of me, to better present my ass to him. He got up into a squatting position behind me, put another dollop of lube across my hole, and slipped his cockhead between my cheeks and up against my sphincter. 

"Oh god" I stammered; the contact was electrifying. And then, after a long moment's pause, he just slowly sunk his bareback cock past my sphincter until the entire thing was buried in my tight ass. I involuntarily let out a very loud, very long groan as he penetrated me. I felt so hot and wrong and nasty having a cock fully inside me. He held it there for a long time, tightly gripped, letting me adjust to the fullness, and then started to move in and out of me, very slowly at first, using my gasps and moans as cues. Gutturally, I stated the obvious: "oh god you're fucking me, oh fuck me", tears came to my eyes and I felt like I was about to start sobbing. Slowly, slowly he built up the tempo and I tried my best to keep my ass relaxed and open so he could fuck me harder. 

The feeling of his cock sliding through my anus was absolutely incredible and though it did hurt a little, the pain transformed into a warm burn, spreading from my ass to heat my whole lower body. His thrusts become full strokes, and gripping the sheets tightly in both hands I reached a mind-bending, roaring orgasm. I had never cried out in bed like that before. Without any other stimulation, my cock throbbed and emptied itself out on the bed below. My anus spasmed around his cock pushing him over the edge too, and holding my hips tight he pressed deep into my ass, held himself there and pumped what seemed like a very big load in me. We collapsed onto the bed and I lay there on my side, shaking until he finally softened up enough to pull out of my ass with a wet plop. I remember lying there with a sore, throbbing ass thinking wow I've just been fucked like a woman and it was goooood. 

Clearly all pretense was gone after this; and we began having sex constantly, 3-4 times per week. He fucked my ass in many different positions while I gave him encouraging dirty talk. One time I straddled him and rode his ever hard cock while he stroked mine until I shot my load onto his body for change. I craved the feeling of his cock throbbing in my rectum as it squirted its sticky load deep inside me. I felt hot and dirty picturing my innards coated with his semen. When I let him stay overnight for the first time we went for two rounds of buttfucking, the second one a very long, deep pounding session from behind, my face buried in a pillow moaning uncontrollably, while he jackhammered fully in and out of my ass, his balls slapping audibly against me while I held my ass cheeks apart with my hands. That time he pulled out when he climaxed, ejaculating all over my taint and dilated ass which I was still holding open with both hands. I had already cum earlier, and I drifted off to sleep later without bothering to clean up. 

He woke me in the morning with a languorous cock sucking and he fucked me again, this time a gentler grinding session with me on my back on the edge of the bed, legs up and over his shoulders. I cooed and smiled up at him like a woman and when he came, grunting, I held onto his hips and kept him pulled into me. When he had finished filling me with his semen, he stayed pulsing inside me with the aftershocks and quickly jerked my achingly stiff cock off onto my belly. "Ah-ah-ah" I cried out, my head turned to the side. I came buckets and my ass contracted around his still semi-hard manhood. The of smell of cum and ass was everywhere. That day, going about my business, I had the surreal feeling of his juice leaking out of me and staining my underwear. 

I gave up my last inhibition when one time when he was blowing me and lubing my ass up for another fuck, I turned the tables on him, pushing him back onto the bed and taking his cock in my mouth. What I lacked in skill I made up in enthusiasm, slurping away at him and trying to emulate what he'd done to me so many times. Since I'd already had his cum in my ass it seemed silly not to let him cum in my mouth. I was as eager to experience him exploding in me at this end as the other, and I gagged a little on his big salty load but I kept sucking his cock though his orgasm and swallowed down what didn't leak out onto my lips and chin. I gave him half an hour to recover before stroking him hard again, lubing it up, guiding him between my spread legs, and begging him to "fuck me, fuck me now". 

I had been thoroughly transformed into his cock craving slut but eventually this relationship came to an end, as he perhaps lost a little interest and I started to wonder how the rest of my life was going to go. I moved away and I haven't had any contact with him since. I've actually dated a couple of women since then, and had mostly pushed this episode out of my mind, but if I'm honest I have to admit it was some of the hottest sex I've ever had.