 The chapters can be read independently, but you may want to read them in order.




We drove a couple of miles towards an apartment that he was sharing with his brother. He was 19, in his first year of college working toward an engineering degree. I drove slowly so I could get to know this young man. We talked and as I drove, I kept glancing down at his full crotch. Even after having his big cock stuffed into my mouth and throat I couldn't believe his size. He saw where my eyes were going, smiled and slide forward on the seat bringing his crotch up a little more. My right hand reached out on it's own and grabbed the front of his pants. He sighed and leaned back into the seat. Talk about distracted driving and they thought cell phones were bad! He unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his pants, pulled down his zipper, slide his pants partially down his legs revealing his tenting manhood once again! My hand didn't even hesitate, but went into the fly of the boxers to find his cock. I wrapped my fingers around it marveling at the size, thickness, length and feel of this monster as it became fully hard in my hand. I had to work at getting it out of the opening and almost hit a parked car!

I drove with my left hand stroking his black cock with my right hand. His cock was pulsing, throbbing and jerking like something alive as I rubbed and stroked it. Outside it was starting to get dark and I pulled over parking at the curb in an area between two house to have more time with James. I left the car running in case we were discovered so we could get out of there.

I turned toward him and looked at his magnificent huge thick black cock. Using both of my hands, I stroked rubbed caressed and touched it everywhere. I couldn't get enough of his manhood! James was leaning back, happy, content, with his eyes half closed enjoying my touch.

I said, "Your hard again."

He said, "Yes, my cock gets that way a lot, it likes a lot of attention."

The taste of his semen was still in my mouth, I knew he had cum less than 10 minutes ago and here he was hard and even starting to leak precum again. I was amazed!

I worked and stroked his cock and then leaned over taking the head back into my mouth. I felt his left hand on the back of my neck pushing me down as he wanted more of his cock into my mouth and throat. I was happy to oblige. With both hands wrapped around his shaft, one above the other, I could more easily take all of the rest of his length into my mouth with out gagging and choking. I worked him over that way for several minutes. Then he reached down and pulled away one of my hands and pushed down on my neck harder. This left at least 8 inches of cock that he was trying to push into my throat!

I relaxed turning myself over to him, still keeping one hand around his shaft as he worked his cock in and out of my mouth and throat. His hips started to push upwards as he pushed my head down to meet the upward thrust. I was breathing through my nose but still choking and gagging as he was in my throat with each long stroke. James fucked my face for what seemed like a very long time. I was lost, addicted to what was happening, only wanting to please him, only wanting to pleasure him.

I could hear him breathing deeper. His thrusts and pushing were faster. The one hand I had on his shaft was being pushed down tighter by my own lips! I couldn't believe that I could ever deep throat this much cock, but I was! My face was red, my breath coming in gasps, I was gagging, choking as he worked himself to a climax that suddenly exploded into my throat! He held my head tight as he emptied his cum into me once again.

After a long minute, he suddenly released me and I sat up gasping for breath! He was leaning back into the corner of the seat with his eyes closed breathing deeply and he had a smile on his face. I pulled myself together still catching my breath. My face had a combination of my saliva and his cum over a lot of it. I reached in the back seat and grabbed a t-shirt that was on the seat cleaning my face with it. I leaned back finally breathing more normally and looked at him in amazement.

I asked him, "Are you gay?"

He said, "No, I just have a high sex drive that keeps me looking for sex partners. It's hard for me to get a good blow job or to get all the way into a female because of my size." He continued, "I've found middle aged married white guys make better sex partners, because some really like to suck big cock."

I didn't know what to say and just said, "Oh."

James said, "I want to get together with you on a regular basis and have you suck my cock. You gave me a lot of pleasure."

I said, "I'm not sure that I can make any kind of commitment as I'm married."

James took out his cell phone, toggled through it selecting something and turned it toward me. He said, "I think you need to find the time." He showed me a picture he had taken of me in the car sucking his cock! It was clearly me! I was dumbfounded! He said, "With your car license number my cop brother can easily get your home address. Do you want that?"

I stammered, "No!"

He said, "OK then. I do have a couple of other guys servicing me, but I want you to do it at least twice a week."

We had arrived at his apartment. he got out holding the door open, looked back in and said, "Afternoons and early evenings before 6:00pm Thursdays, Fridays, or Saturdays. Text me a couple of days ahead of time and tell me when your coming over here." I had punched his number into my phone earlier so I knew I had it. He walked around to the rear of the car noting my license number and then went into the apartment building.

I drove home in a daze. Luckily I was able to get home before my wife did. My work day started earlier, hers started later, so she always got home several hours after I did which gave me some time to play. I threw my clothes into the wash machine, brushed my teeth, dressed and started fixing some dinner for the two of us as I usually did. While fixed dinner I fumed over what had happened. I wanted to get with him again and have more of his manhood, but I wanted it on my own terms. I didn't want to be blackmailed! I concluded that I would talk some sense into him and that he didn't have to threaten me. 

Three days went by. It was Thursday mid day and I had not gotten back to James about meeting him as I didn't know how to handle it. My cell phone buzzed with an incoming text. It was James. He sent one word. "Well?" I answered back saying I wasn't very happy with the thought of him trying to blackmail me. He text me and said, "Perhaps he could come over to my house this evening when my wife was home and we could discuss it." Then another text from James came in with my home address on it!

I answered back saying, "I'll be at your apartment building at 4:30pm!" 

He replied back saying, "Apartment 204."

I was at the door of apartment 204 at 4:30pm. I knock, waited, knocked again. James opened the door naked and said, "I've been waiting for you." He turned and walked back into the apartment saying, "Lock the door." I did.

I followed him in closing and locking the door behind me. My eyes were on his back, ass and legs. I couldn't help but admire his body. He was tall, his muscles naturally toned, his skin color flawlessly beautiful. I followed him Into the living room where he stopped, turned around and faced me. Of course my eyes ran over the front of his body. He stood natural, completely comfortable with his own naked body. My eyes dropped down to his big beautiful cock. It was already fully erect, throbbing and I saw a glint of precum on the head. I started to speak but my mouth went dry.

He stepped within an arms length of me put his hands on the top of my shoulders and pushed me down to my knees saying, "I only have a half hour, so get started."

I sank down on my knees in front of him, opening my mouth to say that his blackmail wasn't necessary, but I never got any words out as he pushed his big cock into my mouth!

What could I do? I started sucking and licking his meat.

James had an urgency about him! He was intent on his pleasure and pushed further into my mouth hitting the back of my throat. Then he grabbed my head and violently started fucking my mouth! He tilted my head back and thrust his hips forward burying several inches of his cock into my throat! I couldn't breath! My hands were on the back of his legs, but more there for supporting me than any urging him on that I might have done.

James actually growled as he worked me over! I was stunned at his intensity! Within two minutes of the violent attack, he rose up on his toes, pushed himself fully into my throat and blasted load after load after load of his hot cum down my throat! He held my head close for a bit more as my face turned red from lack of air. Suddenly he let me go and he slumped against the couch back.

When he let go, I fell to the floor stunned. I was gasping for air, struggling to get my breath. I laid there for a couple of minutes and then pushed my self back up to my knees. James recovering from his orgasm, stood up, walked closer to me and said, "OK, now you can give me a blow job." I just had my mouth and throat raped and now he was ready for a blow job!? I realized that even after he had just cum he was still fully hard. 

He looked down at me and said, I've always been this way. My cock likes a lot of attention, that's why I need you." He stood close to me and tenderly ran his fingers through my hair. I couldn't believe this was the same guy as a few minutes ago!

Even with everything that had happened I couldn't resist the big black cock swaying in front of my face. My hands wrapped around his shaft, I leaned forward and kissed the head. James sighed, backed up, urging me to go with him as he leaned on the back of the couch with his legs spread.

I spent the next 20 minutes, licking, sucking, kissing, stroking and feasting on his cock, balls and nipples. The thoughts of his blackmail attempt were not even in my head. The only thing I wanted was to service this beautiful young man and his amazing cock. James was gentle as he moaned, thrusting in and out of my mouth but mostly letting me set the pace as I pleasured him.

Little by little I built his arousal to a higher pitch where he was moaning, groaning, even swaying as I pleasured his body. Even though my mouth and throat were sore from the rape a few minutes ago, I put that discomfort aside and reveled in the pleasure I was giving this young man. Somehow, his pleasure was my pleasure. I was giving him something, but he was also giving me something too.

James closed his eyes, put his head back, tangled his fingers in my hair and exploded in my mouth a second time in less than a half hour. He still had a lot of cum and I couldn't swallow enough of it to avoid some running out of my mouth and down my chin.

He sighed, looked down at me and smiled. Then he glanced at the clock and said he had to go! A minute later as he closed the door behind me he said, "Be back here Saturday at 4:00pm."

To Be Continued.