 It had been almost two years since I had loaned Jake money so that he could travel overseas that summer with his friends. I knew then that he may never really be able to pay me the money back, but I didn't want to deprive him of the experience of going abroad with his friends. One of the things an eighteen year old needs to do is see what other countries are like, so one can appreciate your own country more. Well that and the lifetime camaraderie one builds with your friends on such a trip.

As I said, that was almost two years ago now, and I had all but forgotten about getting paid back when Jake stopped by this afternoon. He had kept in touch over the nearly two years, sporadically at least, and had stopped in to let me know he hadn't forgotten what I did for him and wanted to let me know that he did indeed intend to eventually pay me back what I had loaned him.

"When ever you can afford it Jake," I said as we sat in the expansive living room. "It's not like I'll be hiring a debt collector or anything." I laughed.

"Well I just wanted you to know I haven't forgotten about it," Jake smiled. "I really appreciated what you did for me it's just that I haven't really had any extra money since I don't have a full time job right now."

"Hey, times are tough," I replied. "I fully understand." I said looking around the room. "Hey I have an idea."

"What?" Jake asked enthusiastically.

"Well since you don't have a full time job right now," I began. "And since you can easily see I am not that big into housework, how about you work here for me to help pay off your debt?"

"What," Jake asked smiling. "Like I'd be your maid or something?"

"Well I believe they call them butlers," I laughed. "Maids are generally women."

"Oh yeah," Jake laughed with me. "So if I was your butler I'd do like house cleaning and stuff, and you'd take money off from my indebtedness?"

"Yeah, I'd be willing to do that," I replied. "I mean if you're serious about paying me back?"

"Yeah, I'm serious," Jake smiled. "If you want to do that, I guess I could. It would actually be great. I have extra time right now and this way it wouldn't cost me any out of pocket money to pay you back."

"That's right." I smiled.

"So when would you want me to start?" Jake asked looking around the living room. "And how many times a week would you want me to come over?"

"Well do you work today?" I asked.

"Nope, no I don't."

"Do you want to start today?"

"Sure I could do that," Jake replied. "So not to get all professional and what not, but how much will you deduct from my debt, like on a per hour basis?"

I sat there and looked around the room and then looked over to Jake. I decided to play a little prank on him and see what his reaction would be.

"Well, since it is to pay off a debt," I began. "I don't think I should deduct like the full hourly wage that I would actually pay someone to do the work."

"Yeah I understand that." Jake replied.

"So how would," I rubbed my chin and thought for a minute. "Five dollars off your debt for every hour worked sound?"

"I guess that would be good." Jake said.

"Or I could increase that to ten dollars an hour," I smiled at him. "But then you'd have to do your work in just your sexy little underwear."

Jake blushed and sat there silent for a couple of minutes. I at first thought I had spooked him and he would just leave.

"So you'd pay me double per hour off my debt if I did your house work in just my underwear?" He asked half smiling.

"Sure." I replied.

Jake sat back in the couch and looked around the room, he was still blushing.

"So can I ask you something?"

"Yeah, sure, ask away."

"Are you gay?"

"No," I replied smiling at him. "Why do you ask?"

"Well I just thought," Jake stammered a little. "You know if you want me to work here but be in my underwear, you know."

"Yeah I know," I laughed. "But Jake, one doesn't need to be gay to enjoy the beauty of another."

Jake blushed redder, but smiled his big toothy smile.

"What?" I asked.

"You think I'm beautiful?" He asked softly.

"Well sure Jake," I replied. "I think you are quite beautiful."

I didn't think he could blush any redder but he did.

"You know what the first two thoughts that entered my mind were when I first met you?" I asked shifting myself on the couch to be sitting sideways facing him.

"No, what did you think?" He smiled.

"My first thought was, 'Damn that boy is sexy as hell.'" I replied. "And then I wished I was fifteen years younger so I could seduce your cute sexiness."

"Oh my god," Jake smiled and laughed a little. "You really thought I was sexy?"

"Jake, you're fucking hot dude," I assured him. "Jesus, look at you? Slender, tanned, cute as hell face, big toothy smile, lovely eyes, smooth silky skin, and when you walked away, oh god that tight little ass of yours, damn boy you are definitely sexy to the max. And then add your lovely personality, Jake that makes you damn near a perfect ten in anyone's book."

"Wow," Jake blushed again. "Thanks."

"No thank you for being so damn cute," I laughed. "So what do you say about becoming my butler?"

"Yeah, I think I'd like to do that," Jake smiled. He paused for a few seconds and then blushed as he added. "And I'd like to do the ten dollar an hour pay rate."

"Awesome," I smiled broadly. "I was hoping you'd choose that one. So do you want to start today?"

"Like right now?" He asked nervously.

"Yeah, right now would be great," I replied. "Look around, you can see I haven't dusted or anything in a while."

"Well, I guess I could," Jake mumbled and looked around and then looked down to his crotch. "Ah, could I like come back in an hour or so and start then?"

"Why would you want to wait?" I smiled at him. I knew he wanted to go take care of a little problem that had arisen as we were talking, but I wasn't going to let him. Oh you're an evil one I thought to myself.

"Well I just wanted to..." He mumbled.

"Wanted to what?" I asked. "Take care of a little problem that arose a few minutes ago." I smiled and laid my hand on his right thigh.

Jake blushed redder then he had before. He looked at me and just nodded.

"Well, I think it would be awesome to watch you clean in that way."

"Really," Jake stammered. "You know what it is right?"

"Yeah, I'm guessing you're sporting a boner." I smiled and rubbed his leg a little

. 

"And you want me to start cleaning your house while I have it?" Jake softly asked.

"Yeah, I think it would be so cute to have an excited butler." I laughed.

"Don't worry Jake," I assured him. "I'll only work you for a little while and then I'll let you take a break and take care of your little problem."

"Oh so you think it's a little problem?" He laughed, beginning to feel more at ease.

"Well, I was just assuming that it was proportional to the rest of your body," I smiled. "So Yeah, I am guessing it's a little problem." I chuckled.

"How little do you think it is?" Jake laughed as he shifted on the couch.

"Well, since you're really slender, and you're what five foot four?"

"Yeah a little over five four." He replied.

"And since your hands are small," I said lifting up his right arm by the wrist and running my fingers along the palm of his hand and pushing his fingers out straight. "And you have skinny short fingers; I would guess it to be about five and a half inches in its current state." I smiled.

Jake blushed and looked me in the eye with a quizzical look.

"So how close am I?"

"You're like almost exactly right," he laughed a little. "It's actually five and three quarter inches long when it's like it is now."

"Awesome," I smiled. "And I bet there isn't much hair around him either, is there?" I asked.

"How do you know that?" He asked shockingly.

"Well I've seen you in your short shorts and with out a shirt on a couple of times, and you didn't have any visible hair on your torso or your legs." I said placing my hand on his arm. "Or even on your arms, so I just assumed you have the body type that doesn't have much hair."

"You're right," he lowered his head a little. "I wish I had more though."

"Why?" I asked. "Then you'd just have to keep it trimmed and shaved in spots."

"Yeah, I suppose." He smiled a little again.

"So do you want to get to work?" I asked.

"Ah," Jake mumbled. "Sure why not."

"Cool," I replied. "So just get into your uniform and I'll let you know where to start." I smiled at him.

"Ha, ha," Jake said. "Get into my uniform."

Jake slipped his sneakers off of his feet and stood up in front of the couch. He slowly pulled his two t-shirts off over his head. Although I had seen him without a shirt on before, I had never been this close to him when I saw him shirtless. I eyed his torso; his skin was well tanned and looked to be smoother than glass. His slender body was well toned, his abs were slightly defined. I saw he had an inny belly button. His nipples were dark brown and erect and sat in the center of a lighter shade of brown areolas. As he pulled the shirts up over his head, I saw just a faint amount of fuzzy hair in his pits. He set his shirts down on the couch and placed his hands on the waistband of his pants and looked over to me.

"I can't believe I am doing this." He laughed. I smiled.

I watched as he unbuttoned the button on his jeans and pulled the zipped down slowly revealing a small section of his bright neon blue underwear. He pulled his pants open, revealing more of those bright blue undies. He wiggled his hips as he pulled down his pants slowly. They were tight on his legs and he struggled to get them down past his knees. I saw the bulge in the front of his underwear as he was bent over pushing down on the legs of his pants. He stepped out of his pants one foot at a time and held them in front of himself for a few seconds before laying them down on the couch. He stood in front of me with his hands crossed over in front of his crotch. I looked down his legs and saw I was right before; he had no hair on his legs until well below his knees, and then that was just a thin little fuzz of hair. I looked him up and down and motioned with my hand for him to turn around. As he did his flat tiny ass came into my view. I resisted the urge to reach out and touch his ass. His neon blue underwear clung tightly to his flat firm ass.

"Damn, you're even sexier than I had imagined." I said.

"Thanks." He said quietly as he stood with his back to me.

"I'm sorry Jake," I said reaching out to the waistband of his underwear. "But I have to see the rest of you. Is it okay?" I asked as I put a finger tip of each hand under the waistband.

"Yeah, go ahead." He laughed.

I pulled the waistband of his underwear out and then down. I was rewarded with the smoothest, flattest, sexiest ass I had ever seen on anyone, male or female. I reached around in front of him, keeping my fingers under the waistband of his underwear and pulled them out in front of him and then down. I put my hand between his legs and pushed his underwear down to his ankles. I reached up and gently grabbed his forearms and pulled them down to his sides, taking his hands away from covering up his crotch. I slowly turned him to face me. As I did his lovely little hard cock slowly came into view. I stopped turning his body when he was standing sideways in front of me. His not quite six inches long hard cock was pointing straight from his body. I turned him a little more and now his cock was pointing right at me. I saw the thin line of short fuzzy pubes that lined the base of his hard cock. There was about a half inch of bare skin from his cock to where his pubes started and the line of hair was only about an inch high. I looked under his hard cock to see a nice small hairless sac. His balls were moving around inside his sac and they too appeared to be smaller than usual. I looked up at him and smiled.

"Damn, way better in person than just imagining."

"You imagined what I looked like naked?" he asked.

"Oh yes, many times Jake."

"Cool."

"May I?" I asked holding my hand out in front of him. He nodded and smiled.

I reached out and placed my hands on his thighs. I ran my hand slowly down his legs and then back up. I moved my hands up and around his crotch and over his stomach and up his chest, stopping to play with his erect nipples for a little bit. He was making the cutest purring sound. I circled my hands around to his back and caressed his back and down to his ass. I held his flat smooth tight ass in my hands for a couple of minutes, squeezing his cheeks and just rubbing his ass. I brought my hands around his hips, caressing his smooth skin as I did. I ran my fingers through the fuzzy short pubes above his cock and then down around his cock and unto his thighs again. I moved my left hand up between his thighs and tickled his small hairless balls. He was moaning louder now. I placed my right hand under his hard cock and just let it rest in my hand. I tickled the base of his hard cock and let my finger tips run along the underside of his cock until they reached the tip. I rubbed my thumb over the tip of his cock, smearing his pre cum over the head of his cock. I ringed my thumb and forefinger around his hard cock and slowly moved it up and down the length of his cock. I paused at the tip and squeezed it a little. I pulled his cock up towards his belly and stroked him slowly. I looked up at him and his eyes were closed and he had a wide grin on his face as he was gasping for air. I lowered my mouth down over his little hard cock and licked the pre cum covered head.

"Oh my god!" Jake yelled out.

I sucked his cock fully into my mouth and pulled down a little on his balls with one hand while I dug my fingers into his tight firm ass and pulled him in close. I sucked and bobbed on his hard cock and tugged on his balls. It only took about twenty seconds before I was rewarded with a mouth full of his warm creamy tasty goodness as he shot his load into my mouth. I sucked his cock dry of his cum and kissed the tip of his cock. I reached down and pulled his underwear back up to his knees and leaned back on the couch.

"Well now that your little problem is taken care of, how about you start working." I laughed.

*

Coming soon Chapter Two: Jake brings along a friend to help clean. (I will let the readers decide via comments as to whether Jake brings a male friend or a female friend to help.) 