 If infidelity is a subject you don't like, don't read it. It's only going to upset you. 

*****

I received a call one morning from Brian, a recent friend I had made. He was this nerdy stud that looked pretty good. He was gay, but were both tops who just wouldn't work together. We found ourselves visiting the same places at night, and now when I was about to go somewhere with a few friends, he was on my list. However, he wasn't going to the rough places anymore lately. And that's because he had a new boyfriend.

On that day when he called me, he asked me if I could pick his boyfriend and give him a ride to his house. I had a car and I lived close to the mall. I never met his boyfriend, but I had seen pictures. The only important detail I remembered at the moment was the he was latino.

"Sure, I can do it" I said to the phone. 

"Thank you, Roger."

"Of course. Where is he now?"

"He's just waiting at the front of the mall. He's kind of shy, his name is Diego." I could sense that Brian was smiling while talking about him. Not hard to see he loved him. 

"Shy, huh? Just my type." 

"Fuck off, Roger. Behave yourself. Don't make him feel awkward." But Brian was laughing with me. I assured him that everything would be fine. 

"Can I at least flirt a bit?"

"No. I'm warning you."

Since I woke up late that day, I went to take a quick shower. I couldn't help but laugh when I realized I was dressing up really nice purposefully. I pulled back my blond hair and smiled at myself... I hoped Diego liked blond jocks.

On the way to the mall, I looked up some pictures of Diego. He had dark tone to his skin. I enjoyed some pictures where he was shirtless. He had a lean muscular body that made him ten times more attractive to me. When I stopped the car, I instantly saw Diego. He was outside, waiting on the parking lot. I left the car and went to where he was sitting on a bench below the shadow of the huge building.

"Diego," I said. And he looked up at me. He had been distracted on his phone.

"Oh, Roger?" He stood up and offered his hand. "I was just looking up some pictures of you," he said. His voice was low pitched and raspy. 

"Did you like it?"

A shy smile brightened his face. 

"Brian warned me that you might flirt."

"Did he? Damn. I was just joking."

"But you are flirting with me," he said, laughing. 

"I can't control it. So, let's go?"

"Yeah."

We started walking back the car. Diego by my right side, hands in his pocket. His pants were tight, and it showed off his ass very well. He saw me looking.

"What are you doing?"

"Just checking if you are really Diego."

"By looking at my ass?"

"I was not," I said. "So, you're not from here. How did you get here anyway?"

"Another friend. I came here yesterday, and stayed with the girl because Brian was still traveling with his classmates. He's coming back tonight." Diego had hazel eyes. They looked at me. 

"So you're just gonna go to his home and wait?"

"Uh, yeah."

"Come on," I said, and stopped where I was. "We're at the mall. Let's do something. There's a movie theater. Let's watch some movie."

"I don't have much money."

"Don't worry about that. Jesus." I held his arm and pulled him back to the mall. He smiled while he walked, didn't resist much. His comment about money made me ask: "Have you eaten?" 

"Yeah, before I left my friend's house." 

I rolled my eyes.

"Let's go eat, then we'll watch a movie."

"You're bossy," he said. I laughed. "I'm not complaining though."

So we sat down and ate at a small diner inside the mall. Diego resisted a bit about getting something expensive, but relented eventually. I talked to him about the city, places to go, some night clubs. 

"Brian is the one who knows all these places," he said. 

"I met him in one of them."

Diego nodded. 

"You two make a good couple," I said, watching how one corner of the lips raised higher than the other when he smiled. 

"Thanks," he said. "What about you. No boyfriend?"

"Nah. I can't keep it in my pants."

Diego laughed. 

"It's so easy to make you smile. I like that," I said.

"I like it too." My heart leaped a bit when he said that. "But maybe you're the one saying the right words."

Now he made ME smile.

Just in that moment, his phone ringed. He looked at it, and then answered.

"Hi, babe. Not yet, we're at a diner, about to go see a movie. Yeah, he's here. Well, he's paying." I could visualize Brian slowly getting angry. "It's just a movie, baby. He's behaving himself." He smiled at me.

"Give me the phone," I said. He did. "Brian, calm yourself. You want him to be alone until the night? I promise I will sit two chairs away from him." I shook my head to Diego, and he laughed silently. 

"I'm calm," he said. He really did seem angry. "Alright. Bye."

"Wow," I said. "I never saw him this jealous. If you want to just go..."

"Nah. He's always jealous."

"Really?" I raised my eyebrows. "Do you do things to make him jealous?"

"I try not to," Diego said. 

I fidgeted with my juice on the table, thinking. 

"So, Diego..." I said. "Do you wanna go see the movie, or just go to my car with me?"

I saw his eyes gleaming with understanding of what my question meant, but he took his time to answer. 

"I don't know, man," he finally said.

"It's okay," I said. "I don't want to make you uncomfortable."

"I'm not... it's just..." 

"No, no. It's okay. Let's just watch the movie, all right?" I smiled at him, reassuringly. Diego nodded, but he receded a bit into himself. After paying, we walked together in the direction of the movie theater. But before we got there, my arm was grabbed and he turned me around. I looked at him, puzzled. Diego let go of me and rubbed his chin. 

"Let's go to your car," he said. Someone else would have asked him if he was sure. I just changed my route and we left the mall. 

When we got there, I opened the backseat door. Diego was going in first, and I pushed my body up front, so my cock was rubbed by his asscheek. He didn't say a word, and entered the car. I followed.

"It's funny," I said. "That Brian was right to be jealous."

Diego stared at me. I felt his uneasiness.

I moved closer until our bodies touched. As he allowed himself to be embraced and kissed, I ran a hand through his belly, making him shift and moan, until I finally was sure of his interest. His cock was hard and, as it was grabbed by my hand, it pulsed and tried to get out of his clothes. I pressed my hand hard, enjoying the feeling, the shape of the cock. Our kiss grew into something a little more disorganized, as his mouth was forced to open and be abused. I didn't like to kiss quietly when I was that hot for someone. I liked to lick their faces. 

Diego made cute noises and his breathing was so heavy that he couldn't hide any emotion. 

"I feel a little bad for your boyfriend."

At that point, all I wanted was to provoke. Diego moaned as if in pain, as I stuck my hand inside his pants. His cock pulsed harder than ever, when surrounded by my fist. It was such a beautiful cock, red head, with the tone of the length almost black, but getting lighter as it connected to his groin. And the smell thrust itself into my senses. His neck was left with red marks that could cause trouble later, and his cheeks were suckled as I moved around his lips. Then the lips were sucked and bitten until they were swollen. Diego hugged me and buried his face on my neck. In that moment, I was jealous of Brian.

Diego took off my shirt, and as I stared at his lips, they went for my nipple. The poor thing was ravished by Diego. Then he went down my body, kissing my belly, making me groan, and reached my crotch. He impatiently took off my cock. It jumped around, white and with a rosy head. 

"God," Diego whispered. And my cock was swallowed. I ran a hand through his head, and pushed it down, enjoying the wetness and the warmth. His lips were glued to the length that fucked his mouth slowly.

Fuck Brian. How the fuck do you leave a cute boyfriend alone like that, and then you call another gay man to give him a ride? Dude was asking for this.

And Diego was so eager. He was born to be a cocksucker, you just knew that as his lips parted to allow you in. He wasn't just sucking, he was loving. And that cute smile deserved to be raped, abused and ravaged by a cock all the time. I just couldn't hold myself. I grabbed his head and told him to take it all, as he opened his mouth wide. He was face fucked hard. Take that, Brian, you fucking idiot. 

I was sensible enough to remove my cock from his mouth as cum started to pour out. I shook and trembled, as my cock was jerked and milked. Diego quickly put it in his mouth again, and enjoyed my cum. If I had known that, I would let him swallow it. Now I had cum all over my belly. 

Diego made me hard again. I pulled his body up on top of me and grabbed his ass, as I kissed him lovingly and calmly. He seemed to enjoy everything I did to him. His ass was waiting for me and both my hands grabbed it and spread it wide. Diego kissed my cheeks and my ear. 

"You're so hot," he whispered. 

"You think so?" I said, smiling.

Diego was ready to be fucked if I wanted. But right then, his phone ringed. He got off of me, and still without shirt, cock hard and hanging, and pants down, he looked at it.

"It's Brian."

"Don't answer it. We're in the movie theater, remember?"

Diego nodded. He put the phone away, and looked at me.

At that moment I knew that Brian was not going to be a cuck just for one day.

I could sense that Diego felt bad. We could do more in the car, but instead, I offered to take him already. We didn't even watch the movie. So I took him to Brian's house, where he would still have to wait. I thought about asking to come in. But I did not think Diego would agree, and I wouldn't like to be rejected. So I said nothing.

But before he left the car, I held his arm.

"Come here," I said.

Diego came, biting his lips. We kissed, my lips brushing his, then our tongues touched. The kiss lasted minutes. 

"You're driving me nuts" I said. He smiled shyly. 

"I better go. When Brian get here, he'll be a little mad."

I nodded. 

"Call me."

When I left, I was missing him already. After the rest of the day went by, I came back to my place, where I lived by myself. I couldn't take a certain Latino out of my head. Nothing seemed to be enjoyable, so I went to sleep early.

I was awakened by my phone. Immediately I picked it up.

"Diego?" 

"Hello..."

He quickly told me that he was at Brian's, in the bathroom.

"He's sleeping," Diego said over the phone. I sat up on the bed, and held the phone close tight.

"So, how was it?" I asked. 

"He's a little mad, but he trusts me." Diego's voice was hard to hear. 

"He's sleeping now?" I said. I rubbed my eyes and enjoyed the slow stirring of my cock that Diego provoked in me. "It's good to hear your voice."

"He is," Diego said. "I probably have to come back soon. He'll notice. He said that he wasn't jealous of you, but you acted like a child, and he got sad that I didn't defend or respect him. He was hurt."

"I'm sorry to hear that." I wasn't to be honest. 

The silence stretched.

"So why did you call? To tell me about Brian?" I said. I might have sounded a bit stressed.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you, Roger."

"No, no. You're not." I rubbed my eyes again and laid back down. Still holding the phone tight on my ear, I realized I wanted to hear his voice more. "But why did you call?"

"I can't stop thinking about you." After this comment, my cock was in my hand fast. But I didn't say anything. "I'm sorry," Diego said.

"Jesus, stop apologizing. I can't stop thinking about you too." 

Now the silence between us stretched comfortably. I broke it.

"Do you feel bad, Diego?"

"A little bit," he answered fast. "I never did that. You probably did."

"Yes. You're best to keep Brian. I'll never be boyfriend material." That was assuming that he wanted me to be his boyfriend, but I knew Diego wouldn't be rude as to deny, specially since I just told him I couldn't.

"It's not that. I feel a bit weird because I..."

"What?" I said. Somehow, I just felt the need to jerk my cock, as he spoke to me. His voice made me remember everything that happened in the car, his mouth just taking me whole. 

"You came on to me," he said, each other slowly spoken, as if he was carefully building the sentence, "in a way that made me feel desirable like Brian never did."

"Damn, you really fell for me, didn't you?" I said. Diego laughed silently, like just his breath came through the phone. "What did you enjoy the most?"

"When you came. It was hot." 

"Yeah?" I said.

"You looked so good."

"Your face was looking up at me, and you had jizz on your lips," I said. "Damn, I wish you were here."

"Me too," he said. "Maybe it's best if I just end things with Brian."

I went completely still. He might have noticed, for the way he quickly continued.

"I'm not telling him anything... And it's not because I want to date you."

"Oh," I said. "Sorry."

"It's just... the things I wanted to do with you... He deserves a little respect, you know."

"I'm not respecting him right now," I said, my hand fast and furious on my cock. 

"Jesus, you're an asshole."

"Yes, and I never claimed otherwise."

"The worst thing is... I love it," he said. "Damn, you're so hot."

"I wanna fuck you, Diego. In the ass. Baby, let me do it."

Diego let out a strained and muffled moan, that made me realize he was jerking off too. We were both connected in our little perverted moment. 

"Yes," was all he answered. 

After we were both satisfied, Diego said his goodbye and left me alone in my bed. The phone right next to my ear, I slept.

In the days to come, neither Diego nor Brian called me. I was too proud to call for a time, but when I tried, I wasn't answered. I couldn't help but feel cheated. I looked the couple up on social media, nothing stalker like, but still... They were posting pictures, they seemed happy. 

After that, I tried to avoid thinking about Diego. Even if when I fucked a random guy, his face would show up. And every time I wanted to punch someone, Brian's face was the one to make an appearance.

After these few days, I would like to think I was completely over. It had been a whole day without fucking, which meant I would have to go to a club. I put on my best clothes, a black shirt that left my muscles in evidence and pants that tightened my ass and crotch. I wanted everyone to know what I was after. 

The first thing I did when I got to the club at night was to get to the bar and drink. Guys already eyed me up and I felt some hands touch my cock and ass. The music was loud as hell, and I didn't care for it. But not for long. 

I sat quietly, even though chaos reigned around me, and I actually prayed to god to find some Latino, a guy who resembled that damned Diego so I could let my cock rest for a moment.

"Roger," he said close to my ear. I startled and looked at him. Holy shit. Diego looked around, a bit nervous, then smiled at me.

I remembered that this was one of the clubs I mentioned to him.

"Where's Brian?" I asked.

"On the other side," he said. I smiled, happily. Diego touched me in the arm, squeezing it. "I'm sorry," he said.

"Forget about it," I said. I caressed his ass. Diego moved my hand away.

"He could see us," he said.

"Then let's go."

"Where?"

I eyed him.

"Diego, you came to me. You know what I'm gonna do to you next. Come."

Diego looked around one more time. His cheeks were flushed, but then nodded and followed me.

"Are you crazy?" Diego said, his voice an angry whisper. People around us looked, but they were strangers, and other gay guys were going at it. We wouldn't be troubled. Of course, Diego was afraid of Brian. They had worked things out and he had ignored me for a while, but I couldn't help myself. 

"Just come," I said. 

"What if he comes here?" he said, a bit desperate. I assured him Brian didn't know where we were. It's a big fucking night club and there are even more than one place people can go pee. I chose a cabin myself and locked us both inside. Diego looked at me, trying to look worried, but clearly he wanted this just as much as I did.

"Di, we don't have much time," I said, holding him in my arms. I hugged him tight, and smelled his body like it was the end of the fucking world. He smelled good, even better than he remembered. And his body just merged with mine, he ran both hands through my back and my ass. 

Then he kissed me. I messed up his air with my hand, I wanted to touch him everywhere. People also occupied other cabins, some of them doing the same thing as Diego and me. I turned him around and lowered his pants. I knew he would be ready, because you don't come to this club without the expectation of getting fucked later. 

He handled me the condom, and I put it on quickly. Then I spit urgently in my fingers, and not much time later, his anus was filled with my saliva, and being invaded by them. Diego rocked his body back and forth, making small noises. He liked being fingered. 

Then I used my hands to spread his asscheeks apart. 

"Why did you ignore me?" I said, angry at him, but also very glad that he was there with me.

"I thought it could work out between Brian and me," he said.

"Well, good for fucking Brian, here you are, ready to be fucked. But not by him." I said, and Diego reached back for my lips. I kissed him and let my cock slid inside of him. 

It had to be quick. My thrusts were urgent and fast, but I still wanted to make it last. So I slowed down when I felt it coming. But would come back to the pace. Diego's ass was slapped by my thighs and the noise was hard to control, but fuck it, nobody cared. I just wanted to give him a good treat. 

His hole was getting stretched but still managed to feel tight. I pushed him more against the wall and licked his face. He opened his mouth and put out his tongue. I had to constantly spit on my cock so it would slide and not hurt Diego. 

"Yes, Di," I said. "Baby, moan for me. It feels so good."

"Yeah," he said. 

I looked up slightly and saw someone else watching us. The dude seemed to be jerking himself, so I didn't mind. I kept fucking, and Diego's ass was up to the task. 

After we were done, Di raised and fastened his breeches. He looked up at me, as I threw away the filled condom.

"So, now what since you got what you wanted?"

"Fuck off, Di. You didn't want it as well?" I stared at him.

"I did. But I want more as well."

I raised my own clothes and ignored his question. 

"You know, you're such an asshole."

"You're the one with the boyfriend," I said, looking at him defiantly. "I didn't even know Brian that well when we met, Diego. I didn't force you to do anything."

"I'm not saying you did," he said, desperately. He sat on the toilet and hid his face. I cursed myself and knelt in front of him. 

"Diego, if you wanna know, I like you. A lot. But what do you want me to do? You're the one who wants to be with Brian."

"But maybe I don't."

"Then leave him." 

Diego glared at me.

"Thanks for the advice."

"You want me to be your boyfriend?"

Diego avoided eye contact, his cheeks flushed. I swore under my breath. We kept in silence. I remembered that Brian might be crazy looking for his boyfriend, but I didn't give a fuck. 

"I do," he finally admitted out loud. "But at the same time, I don't believe it will ever work out. I mean, how would we be able to trust each other?"

"Oh, Di," I said, rubbing his legs. "You don't think you would be able to trust me?" I said. 

He didn't answer. Then, he stood out suddenly.

"I better go," he said. "Brian must be crazy looking for me." 
