 As I bathed at the trough by the well in the courtyard, I sang a song my mother used to sing to me when I was young and she was still alive. An old song from her childhood.

After a day working in the fields, I was carefully washing the dust and sweat from my body in preparation for the coming night, as this day marked my passing into adulthood, and tonight there should be celebrations, and tomorrow I should come into my inheritance. This was the custom, because though my father still lived, I was the only son of an only child who was a female, and whose father, my grandfather, had owned the great farm that spread out for many leagues from the well in the courtyard where I bathed. His father, my great grandfather, had built the fortified farmhouse about the well and extended the lands his father had left him. But I doubted I would ever become master of the place, and I sang not from joy but to keep away the fear of what might happen to me that night, and to recall the good times when my mother and grandfather still lived.

"I am weary from the road," a stranger's deep voice said, startling me from my brooding, and I spun about.

A man, no, a giant, a god, was walking toward me. His golden hair curled about his face, his skin was golden, his body muscular and of a great size, but graceful as a cat. I was almost overwhelmed by the sight of him, for I confess that I greatly admire men of beauty. And he was truly magnificently beautiful.

Gathering my wits, I greeted him as our customs required me to. "Welcome stranger," I said, my eyes traveling all over his magnificent body, his only clothing a pale leather loincloth and the belts that secured his weapons upon his back. "I am Hilaron, only son of Margaret, daughter of Mortho . . ." Then I hesitated, uncertain for a moment, before I continued with pride, ". . . who today will become master of this house. If you come in peace, you are welcome here," I said, as was the custom in our region, and I was suddenly gladdened to speak with pride of my lineage and inheritance to even one stranger on that special day.

"I am Konan, and yes, I come in peace," he replied, "and thank you for your welcome, Hilaron, son of Margaret, daughter of Mortho and master of this fine house." His response thrilled me, and I was aware of his eyes exploring my nakedness as plainly as mine had explored him. "I have traveled far and am weary of the road and seek a bed for the night."

"You are . . . welcome to a bed," I replied, gulping and unable not to think of him in my bed, though my eyes drifted from him to the open gates into the courtyard, knowing that my father would soon return and that he might not welcome a stranger in his house, on this night of all nights. Then I wondered if perhaps my father had sent for this man Konan. But no, I was sure my father was too mean with his gold, my gold now, if I lived through the night, to do such a thing.

"If you wish to wash the sweat and dust of your journey off you, I shall draw water from the well for you," I said to Konan, for now he was close, standing but an arm's length from me, I saw that he was dusty from the road and streaks of sweat ran down him.

He accepted my offer, and I was glad, if for no other reason than that my manhood was growing at the very closeness of him and washing him meant I could hide it from him. He was such a magnificent man, and his scent was strong, and I was embarrassed and still slightly uncertain if he was merely an innocent traveler passing by or not.

"I gladly accept your offer," he replied courteously, and with obvious pleasure he removed the fine sword, quiver of arrows, small lance, and his bow from his back and set them aside, the leather straps that held them having left pale honey-colored damp strips across his golden skin where the sun had not reached it. Then I was almost unable to breath as he undid his loincloth and set it aside, and I confess I could not take my eyes from what it had only half hidden before.

Ahhh. He was as big there as anywhere, and his balls were full and large, and I was sure his weapon was partly firm it was so long and full and the head was peeping free of its pocket. He was the most magnificent man I had ever set my eyes on. A man such as young men dream of. A wild barbarian, but one more like the gods than ordinary men. That he should arrive on this day of all days made it seem as if the gods were smiling on me at last. For I had formed a plan for the coming night, but one not easy to carry out alone.

Konan stepped up beside me in the trough, and I quickly filled the bucket with cool, clear water from the well. He took it from my hands and poured the water over his head and let it run refreshingly down his chest and back. Then he gave the bucket back to me, and I filled it again, and as he stood with his back to me, I poured it over his back and shoulders myself.

We continued in that way for some time, me drawing up the water from the well and pouring it over him as he moved about and used his hands to rub the dust and sweat away. Then suddenly he turned, and smiling at me broadly, took the bucket from me as I began trembling, and poured it over me. My trembling was caused by what I now saw, for when he turned, I saw clearly his huge manhood was now standing up tall and solid, thick and long, its head full and dark, and the water was dripping from it as if it leaked its juice already. I melted for him then. And my breathing became unsteady.

My manhood also stood hard and firm now, a goodly size and even straighter then his and bouncing on my belly as I moved. And the cool water he poured over me could not reduce the heat and need I felt. We both were as clean as babes by now, and wet, and glittering in the sunlight. And I ached for this magnificent giant, Konan, to take me. Yet I could not help glancing nervously at the gate.

"Who are you watching for?" Konan asked.

"Who? Um. My father and his . . . his stepson," I stammered haltingly.

Then, as he smiled at me with hooded eyes, Konan reached for my manhood and gripped it in his fist. I stood there, unable to pull away, though I did not wish the servants or my returning father to see us. But then, with a gasp, I cried, "No, not here," and pushed his hand off me. And I was looking about wildly for a place we might go to be private, for I wanted nothing more at that moment than to be taken by him. To feel . . . to feel possessed by his power and strength.

"Perhaps you have a stable to show me. Such a fine farm as this must have many fine beasts in its stable," he said in a quiet slow voice, smiling at me with lust-filled eyes, and I quivered at what I knew he was really saying. That we were like animals in heat with but one overwhelming desire.

"Yes," I stammered, "Yes, we have a fine stable. Over there," I added, pointing to the side of the courtyard by the entrance gate.

But instead of rushing there, Konan only stepped out of the trough and took up one of the sheets of linen I had set on a stool nearby and held it out in his spread arms.

"You are wet," he said, "and so am I. As your guest, I shall dry you as thanks for you washing the dust off me. Then you shall take me to your stable."

I stepped out of the trough and into the linen sheet he held open, and he worked it over me with his large, strong hands. Ahhhh. Those hands and that soft linen. He caressed my body with the fabric, and though I was already almost overcome by my lust for him, he still increased the fire raging in my blood.

"Yes," I gasped and moaned. "Let's go to the stable; I am ready," I begged him, pressing myself to him, taking hold of myself and stroking. But he ignored my pleas, and instead he wiped all about my manhood and caressed my body. Finally, he wrapped the soft, fine towel about my balls and gently rubbed them dry. I was whimpering now, and if I were not a man, I might have wept with frustration. Then he turned me about, and I was having trouble standing as he ran the linen up my crease, rubbing it gently back and forth across the entrance to my passage.

Then as I stood there helplessly watching, he quickly ran the linen sheet over himself, finally stroking it gently along his great manliness as I watched. Then at last, he took up his sword and other weapons and his loincloth, and said, "The stable, Hilaron."

And I turned and led the way, almost running.

We entered the stable, and I moved along nervously, my manhood throbbing now and leaking its juices already, until I got to the stall where my old horse, Moran, was resting.

"This was my mother's horse, and before that her father's, and she loved him dearly. But now Moran is mine, though he is very old," I said and turned for Konan, leaning against the railings of the stall and looking in at Moran as Konan moved close behind me. I felt a wet finger sliding into my crease and rubbing over my entrance, which twitched at his slightest touch. Then Konan turned my head and kissed me deeply and his tongue battled mine; I moaned, and, reaching for my throbbing tool, I fisted it briefly and spouted my seed.

Then he broke the kiss, and I watched old Moran take a mouthful of hay as Konan pressed the tip of his wet finger into my hole before I cried out in surprise as he put his hands on my waist and lifted me up to set my feet on the middle rail. I gripped the top rail of the stall to steady myself, which left me slightly bent over.

And words nearly escape me, for then that great god of a man, Konan, had his fingers spreading my cheeks and exposing my entrance, and I widened my legs, wanting what he had for me and opening myself more.

But what he did was to bend his head and bring his mouth to my quivering hole, and his tongue teased at my puckered rim, wetting it well and making it twitch and open. Then his great tongue, as big as many men's swords, dove into the opening and worked in and out of me. I moaned and almost lost my balance on the rail. But his hands gripped my hips strongly, keeping me from falling.

When Konan withdrew his tongue I felt a thick long finger at my ass. And he pressed it into my now well-wet and opened hole. I started to lose my grip on the rails again as that finger worked its way up inside my channel, and my hips fell back until my butt rested on his chest, and Konan reached his other hand around and took my engorged manhood in it and began to stroke me, as his finger pumped in and out of me. I came again; I was young, and I shot that load of cream across old Moran's back, before collapsing back even more, so that my butt slid down Konan's chest as I went weak and lost my grip on the rail.

Konan laughed as he caught me and pushed me back up, "Turn around and lock your arms over the rail," he said, and with some effort I did, now looking into his face, seeing his lust filled eyes and softly smiling mouth. And his eyes locked on mine as I came down, my arms stretched back to hold me up.

And as I looked into his dark eyes and felt as if I might drown in them, Konan lifted my feet and placed one on each of his shoulders and moved in close between my thighs, taking some of the weight off my upper arms.

I believe I was moaning then, for Moran nuzzled my arms as if worried about me. "Settle, settle, Moran," I murmured, as I looked down and saw Konan's hand moving beneath my package. His fingers began to work again at my hole as he smiled at me and then leant in and kissed me, deeply again. Oh such a deep possessing kiss, his body pressing my legs back and helping me stay upright. His tongue exploring my mouth and dancing with mine.

His other hand cupped my ass cheek as his fingers moved to open me, and soon I was hard again and throbbing and dribbling juice from the slit in the head of my manhood.

When he pulled his fingers out of me, he broke our kiss and I whimpered at the loss of the fullness. But then he was holding his hard club and rubbing the flaming head of it up the inside of my thighs, under my sac and along my own manhood. I was moaning loudly and arching at the feel of it before he even stroked the knob over the twitching entrance to my channel.

"Spear me; plunge your mighty weapon to my heart," I cried, my body trembling as I looked down at that huge organ and watched its cap disappear between my spread thighs and behind my sac. I felt it pressing at me, and, with a kick of his hips, Konan had forced it into me, and I let out a cry of pain. But I also watched, whimpering and fascinated, as the length of his shaft disappeared slowly—so slowly—up inside me. He allowed me to adjust. But even though he took his time, I still threw my head back and panted and whimpered, he went so deep. Then I looked down between my thighs at my again-hard weapon against my belly, and I could see no more of his shaft, just his golden haired bush making a nest for my balls, as I felt his hair brushing my ass.

I shook with wonder at having taken all of that great weapon in my channel. And then slowly he began to move it about in me. "Oh," I gasped, at the sudden pain. "No, oh, yes," I cried loudly as he moved in and out, but I continued to cry out and beg him to go on, and on. Konan finally began a fierce driving up into me, lifting me up bodily with each thrust, before he froze and shuddered, and I felt his seed explode inside me. And he threw his head back and roared as he filled me. The roar of some great beast celebrating his power and strength. I shook with exhaustion as he finally withdrew his mighty organ from my passage, and I felt liquid running out of my hole as he gently stepped backwards and lifted my feet down one by one and held my waist so I could drop to the floor gently and release my aching arms from the rail. Then he clasped his strong arms around me and gently held me to him, taking my mouth in another deep kiss as I wrapped my arms about his neck and shared the kiss while I regained my strength.

When I could finally stand unaided, I remembered my duty as a host. "You must be hungry and thirsty," I stammered. "I am a poor host. Come into the house and I will have food brought for you," I said, feeling Konan's man juice running down my thighs as I wrapped the damp linen sheet about my waist and led him out of the stable.

We had barely entered the courtyard when two men on horseback came through the gates and several servants suddenly appeared and rushed to meet them.

It was my father, David, and my stepbrother, Lucus, returning.