 "I met a lot of interesting people while at college. Smart, stupid, fun, quiet, basically a lot like High School. The professors were even that way too! I remember one of them was so attractive, I couldn't keep my eyes off him!" Jay speaks happily.

"Wait, I thought you weren't gay?" John says, lifting an eyebrow and putting down his coffee.

"Oh. I forgot about that day. You specifically asked me if I was gay...not bi, which I was, at the time." Jay explains.

"I see..." John says, straightening his glasses. A few hours later, the two decide to finally leave.

"That was a great conversation, John." Jay admits, as they walk out to the parking lot.

"Likewise." John replies, as he unlocks his car. Opening the car door, he turns his head to Jay.

"Why don't you come over tomorrow? We can grade some more papers, and hang out if you like." 

"That'd be cool. Sure." Jay nods. Putting a finger up, John gestures Jay to hold on a second. A few seconds later, John pops out of his car with a small note. Upon closer inspection, it's his phone number.

"Call or text me later." John implies, as he gets into his car and drives off. Pulling out his phone, Jay quickly enters John's number into his phone and goes home.

A few hours later, while in bed, Jay pulls out his phone again.

"Hey. -Jay"

"Hey there, Jay. --John"

"What're you doing? --Jay"

"Not much, just in bed. It is 11pm, after all."

"Heh, I'm in bed too. How was your night? --Jay"

"Uneventful, almost to a point of being depressing. But that's okay. You made it better. :P --John"

"Thanks! It makes me feel good that I made someone's night. --Jay"

"Well, I should go to bed now. I'll see you tomorrow Jay. Goodnight! :) -John"

~ 

"April 24th, Saturday morning. 10am

Shower. Eat. Get dressed. Going to John's at 11. Hope I look okay. I don't want to look sloppy or like I don't take care of myself. It's only a glimpse of the real world for myself.

-Jay"

Opening the door, John is greeted by no one else but Jay.

"Hey." John says, smiling.

"Hey, John." Jay replies vacuously. John moves from the doorway, allowing the other to come in. Looking at a few plants and a painting of the ocean on a wall, John gestures Jay to sit down. Seeing a pile of papers and an answer key, they promptly get to work. With a bit of small talk, the time seems to go by slowly. 

"Would you like a drink?" John offers cheerfully.

"That sounds nice." Jay replies. Coming back with a small bottle of soda, John sits next to Jay again, handing it to him. Except, his leg is substantially closer than it was before he moved. Jay feels John's warmth, as he looks up to the bottle in front of him. Not sure of what to do, he simple takes the bottle and thanks him. As he sips it, he thinks. 

"I'm sure this wasn't done by accident, we have all this space on the couch. And he chooses to sit directly next to me. John isn't a fool. He's probably the smartest guy I know..."

Jay pulls up his hand to yawn. On his way down, he slowly yet lightly brushes his hand on top of John's leg. He could feel his heat burning through the jeans once again.

"Oh, sorry." Jay says blankly. John smiles slyly and gets back to work. Twenty minutes later, they are done.

"Phew...that was quite a lot of work!" Jay loudly sighs.

"Oh I know! I just left it to pile up." John says, sitting back. He spreads his arms a bit, resting his palms on his thighs and fingertips on Jay's leg. Jay then flinches a bit, but he feels himself heating up a bit.

"John, how's your love life?" Jay asks, holding his breath, looking towards a blank television on the wall. After a long pause, he responds.

"Nonexistent..." John replies, point-blank. Jay then gets up.

"John, I-I have to leave." Jay says, huffing lightly. He quickly walks to the door and walks to the door. He is halted by John's voice.

"Jay, wait." John says across the room, walking over to him. 

"I can't do this." Jay whispers, grabbing the doorknob and pulling. John then forcefully grabs Jay hand and pulls it off of the knob. 

"I'm not stupid, Jay." John explains, putting his arm around him. Jay gulps worriedly.

"Ever since high school, I've known you've "loved" me. I had heard the rumors, I had heard the whispers." John says, leading him back to the couch.

"And I know you're not stupid either." He continues, when they both sit down. Jay is motionless and speechless. Fixating his eyes on Jay's, John put his hand on his leg.

"Let me show you." He plants a kiss on Jay's lips. Jay then completely freezes up. He then kisses him back, as he puts his hand on John's neck. A minute later, the two retract.

"'Told you I'm not stupid." John says, with a wide grin. Jay smiles back, and kisses him once more.

"I never expected this, John...I thought you were straight." Jay admits.

"Well, you remember how I looked at you a few years back. I liked you, but I had to pull myself back, for more than one reason. But now, I feel I'm ready to say I like you...a lot." John says clearly and sincerely. Jay flushes all of this down his system; he couldn't believe what he was hearing. It was real: Jay's silly high school love was coming to life.

"I-I see, John." Jay utters. He can barely speak after what he just heard. He scrambles to his feet.

"Monday morning, my classroom. Don't forget." John says with his classic smirk. Jay nods and steps up to John. Shaky, he sticks his hand out for a shake. John pulls his arm in and places another kiss on Jay's lips. They could both feel their lips burn, as if it were literal electricity sparking between the two.