 My first sight of young Hilaron bathing so openly and lit by the late-afternoon sun, making the water flowing over him sparkle and glitter as if he were radiating light like a young god, had overwhelmed me with desire for him. And as I entered the courtyard of that fine estate, I could not have stopped myself from having him if I had wanted to. Perhaps the gods truly had decided it should be that way. Or perhaps after my time in the Great Mogul's prison, I was just more than ready to enjoy a fine young man who looked at me with eyes equally full of surprise, admiration, and youthful lust.

And I greatly enjoyed burying my weapon deep inside his channel when I took him in the stables. Yes, after so many months of men presuming to have some right to me, I rejoiced in my freedom to once again take any man who caused the fires of desire to ignite in me. And the sight of young Hilaron bathing naked in the courtyard had certainly ignited those fires. He had easily made my weapon hard and aching, and as we left the stables, I had barely begun to satisfy my desire for him.

But I quickly discovered that I had chosen to enter a wealthy house where all was not as it seemed. Ah, all I wanted to do was enjoy young Hilaron, to the limit of our pleasure. And he had claimed he was also the master of the house I was now visiting, which was ideal, but as soon as we left the stable, I discovered the real situation was not so clear.

Two grown men of early middle years rode into the courtyard as young Hilaron and I emerged from the barn. Both were well built and good looking in the dark-haired and olive-skinned way of that area, and both sat their mounts well, so that I admired them both as they came toward us. One was riding on a fine small horse, a sign of great wealth in that region, and the other upon a donkey, as was normal for a well-to-do man there. But the fine-looking man upon the horse was obviously angry at seeing me there, and as the servants who had ignored my arrival earlier now came running from the house to meet the two riders, I knew that in spite of what Hilaron had told me, this rider was more the master in that house than my young lover was. If I had not been still mellow from the good taking I had just enjoyed, I might have left the house then, at the sight of them. But I did not leave, and perhaps the gods truly had decided to set me on a course I would have had no desire to take if I had been given a choice.

But the gods give us pleasures and take them away again without caring. As they give all men youth, and then old age.

"You have a guest," the man on horseback said, but it was no question, and he was unable to conceal the anger in his voice.

Young Hilaron stepped forward and replied, "Konan is a traveler who has asked for a bed for the night," speaking respectfully as a man should to his elders, though equals, and not as the master of that house would.

"A weary traveler is usually not so well armed, son Hilaron," the man replied, his eyes now full of venom and moving from me to my sword, which from force of habit I had already slung across my back, ready for use.

I was surprised that this was the young Hilaron's father and had seen few men so arrogant and openly hostile and wondered what reason he had to act that way unless it was that he knew and disapproved of the lusty activity his son and I had so recently enjoyed in his barn.

But then I looked at the other man, who hung back but whose eyes seemed to be devouring me, raking my body from head to foot with lust, his lips parted and his tongue wetting them. This man wanted to be taken by me, I knew. And I realized he might be Hilaron's stepbrother. I was surprised at his age, for to me he looked of an age with the father. And from the way he was looking at me, the stepson was well used to sharing himself with other men, and I doubted it could be a secret from the father.

Young Hilaron spoke again, saying, "He comes in peace and is our guest," his face flushing red and a touch of anger in his voice. A voice that was firm now and manly, not the impassioned crying out or whispering voice I had heard earlier as I made love to him in the barn.

The father said nothing for a moment, only looking at me shrewdly as if weighing me up before he seemed to relax and replied angrily, "If this visitor is weary, then you had best have food prepared and a bed made up for him. Now take him inside."

And with that he turned away and dismounted, handing his reigns to a servant, who bowed low and mumbled, obviously afraid of the father's anger.

As Hilaron led me away and into the kitchens, I wondered why the gods had sent me to that one house to request a bed, instead of some other more peaceful house. And I noted how the stepbrother's eyes still followed me. And I wondered idly if he were as good a man to take as Hilaron. That young man may have assuaged my worst hunger for man flesh, but the atmosphere of the place I was in was far from conducive to rest and relaxation and the enjoyment of simple pleasure.

I had no fear for myself, though, and I was also amused by the petty ways of men. Then once we were seated in a small room near the kitchens and the elderly female cook and a servant had piled food upon the table, I discovered that the larder of the house was very well stocked, indeed, and eating became my primary concern. The men certainly did not go without in that regard, and I was more than ready to eat well and often for a few days.

"I apologize for my . . . father," Hilaron said shyly as we sat down. "He is . . . not an easy man."

"Hungh," the busy old cook snorted, then moved over to us and bent to whisper angrily, " If this great barbarian is a friend of yours, he will convince you to leave this house before tonight. For I doubt even he could protect you."

"Shhh," Hilaron hissed back at her. "I know he plans something, Miriam. I am prepared for it. After tonight this house is mine, and I will not walk away from my legacy of my grandfather. I am rightfully the master here after I spend a night in this house now I am of age. It's what tradition demands," he said to her and paused as if thinking. "Then I shall go to my great uncle Matthias and will have him and my cousins come and help me to remove my. . . father from here. And forbid him to ever return."

Miriam waved her hands helplessly. "You do not know how evil your father is," she hissed. "And you, you great strong barbarian, what are you here for then? Are you for Hilaron, or are you secretly here to serve his father, David?" she asked me angrily, her face flushed and her old body shaking. "Has he paid you to remove the last one who stops him owning all this?" she added, waving her arms again to indicate the stone walls about us.

"No, Miriam," Hilaron hissed, then looked at me fearfully for a moment. "You are not, are you? Are you here for my father? Answer me honestly," he begged me.

"No," I replied. "I am merely a weary traveler, and you saw that your father had no liking for me."

"All this he married my beloved Margaret to steal," Miriam continued. "Already he negotiates with lord Ananel, for his eldest daughter and a big dowry, as if you were already gone. He seeks to become a wealthy prince by his evil ways."

"Miriam, quiet," Hilaron hissed, now obviously deeply concerned at what she was saying as the other servant was moving about. "They will hear you. And Konan is a guest; this is none of his concern. It is only chance that he is here today."

"Chance? Hungh. And what of the gods? I have prayed and made sacrifices, begging they would help to stop David, or make you save yourself," she hissed, obviously also afraid of being overheard. "So maybe this barbarian has been sent to answer my prayers, may it be so. May it be so," she added, tears now on her cheeks as she turned back into the kitchen to baste a carcass roasting on a spit over the fire.

Ahh, what a den of intrigue and suspicion I had innocently walked into, and I wondered which of the gods was taking their amusement from my predicament, and that of young Hilaron, and all who dwelt in that house. For I was obviously a part of whatever was happening here, my very presence having created yet more layers of fear and uncertainty among its inhabitants.

"I thank you for a fine meal, Miriam, and will tell you no more than that so far no man has had enough gold to buy my sword to slay an innocent man in his own home. Though I have slain more than a few innocent men in battle, when that is the way of things," I said, loudly enough for her to hear.

Then Hilaron's father and his stepson were entering the kitchen, the father obviously angry and holding his temper with difficulty. He looked at the table where the remains of my meal so far were sitting on platters, seeing the bones and skin and unwanted pieces, then he shouted, "Wine," and asked, "Why is there no wine for my guest?" ordering, "Bring it now."

I was in fact drinking fresh goat's milk and good clean water, which was all I wanted. "The best," he yelled after the running servant, before turning and glaring at me again.

"And where do you travel from, Konan?" he asked.

"From the west," was all I replied. And I continued eating.

"I have been to the west," he replied proudly, "To the mighty palace of the Great Mogul himself. To pledge the loyalty of this region," he boasted. "I have seen its wonders and been admitted to the great hall where the mogul sat upon his throne. Few men get closer than I."

"It is a wondrous place," I replied politely as a guest should in a stranger's house, doubting Hilaron's father, David, had seen much of it as closely as I had.

"Hilaron, be sure to show this . . . this traveler to his bed soon, so he may rest, as we have a celebration tonight that I invite him to join. And give him more wine and whatever he needs to make him comfortable," he ordered, seeming to be even angrier now that he had seen me eating well.

"As you command, father," Hilaron replied politely.

And I was more than agreeable to being shown to a comfortable bed and made more comfortable there by Hilaron.

While the father talked, the stepson had again stood back, but I noted that his hand was stroking what appeared to be a good-sized and growing organ through the fabric of the light tunic he now wore. And I noted how it moved beneath the fabric as if it grew longer and thicker. But as I returned my eyes to the father, I noted that he too seemed to bulge beneath his clothing. And I became curious as to the situation between them.

And of course my curiosity, and the proximity of so many fine looking men, had my own weapon stirring.

"Drink, Konan, our wine is the finest," the father commanded me as the servant hurried back with a pitcher of wine.

Then the two men turned and left the room, and I reached beneath the table to Hilaron's lap and grasped what rested there under his light robe and between his parted thighs. He jumped and gave a small cry, "Come. Show me my bed," I ordered him.

Soon after I had Hilaron lying back on a comfortable bed and was again buried inside his fine ass and moving my weapon about so as to feel the pleasure of the different sensations his channel had to offer me, when I heard a noise by the door. I had deliberately left it partly open before I lay Hilaron back upon the fine bedding and took him again. Now as I continued to plow his fine ass, I looked about and smiled at the watching figure only partly seen beyond the frame.

"Come, join us," I said loudly enough for the watcher to hear, "Come, do not be afraid. I am in the mood to take any well-made man, as it's many months since I have freely taken any who pleased me and were willing."

Nothing happened, and I deliberately made deep long strokes into the ass of a writhing and loudly moaning Hilaron to show the full length and thickness of my weapon to the watcher. And I caressed Hilaron's own manhood, stopping the protest I had seen him thinking of making at hearing my invitation to the intruder.

"Come. Don't be afraid," I said firmly, ordering the spy to enter.

The spy emerged and showed himself to be the stepson, Lucus, as I had suspected. He entered the room cautiously, his eyes hooded with lust and fixed on where my pole moved in and out of Hilaron's hole. Meanwhile, the stepson's hand jerked up and down his own good-sized rigid length, which was now pulled free of his tunic.

"Come," I said again, and he approached more closely, but still hesitantly.

But finally he had come close enough that I could reach out and clasp the head of his manhood and feel the juice leaking from it, and I did just that.

"That is a fine tool you have, but I think it is your hole I would rather see," I said pulling him to me and taking his mouth roughly as I continued to pump Hilaron.

"I am Lucus," he said, as I broke the kiss, and his voice was shaking with desire. But he looked at Hilaron nervously in spite of his lust, almost as if afraid of him, though Hilaron was arching his back and grasping at the sheets and moaning loudly, close to letting his own seed shoot free.

"Bend over," I ordered Lucus, and he quickly obliged and presented his ass to me, parting his cheeks and showing me a well-used hole that seemed lubricated already. I plunged a finger into it, pushing it deep and rotating it as he grunted. Then I pushed and pulled it back and forth while I leant my head back and roared as I filled Hilaron's quivering passage with my seed. Hilaron cried out also, and I looked down to see his own release shoot up his body as I gave him yet another load.

But then it was Lucus's turn, for he was almost as desirable as Hilaron. So as he eagerly bent over and licked the cream from Hilaron's body, I took my still-firm weapon and pressed it into his well-opened and lubricated entrance and began a slow fucking of him. Soon Lucus had cleaned Hilaron's belly up and his head moved down to the young man's manhood, where he continued his licking by following the veins down it to its head, which he took into his mouth, sucking on it before moving on to taking Hiaron's big balls between his lips and gently mouthing them both at once.

I hummed with pleasure at the sight and enjoyed the even greater pleasure of an experienced channel quivering about my buried weapon as I made my explorations of Lucus's ass.

Young Hilaron could not resist later when Lucus began to lick his ass and lubricate and open it again, and I pulled my rod free of Lucus's hole and plunged it again into Hilaron's for a short plowing before returning to Lucus's ass and using my fingers in Hilaron. And going back and forth between them in that pleasant way I filled some considerable time, until I finally threw my head back and roared again as my body shook and my cream shot deep inside Lucus. So making both men mine.

Lucus stood up shaking, and I kissed him on the mouth, "You have a fine ass," I said, and I grasped his throbbing manhood, "and a fine tool," I added as he stood quivering.

I looked at Hilaron, who lay spread eagled upon the bed as I stroked Lucus pole. "What I have in my hand will please you greatly, Hilaron," I said and I lifted one of his legs and guided Lucus's manhood to that young man's entrance before he could object. Lucus fucked Hilaron in a wild frenzy and came quickly as Hilaron complained and objected.

"No," I said, "Do not complain. You should not be enemies. And now you shall fuck Lucus."

Lucus collapsed onto the bed as Hilaron jumped up and quickly drove his long fine tool viciously into Lucus's ass, aiming to hurt him, but unable too, before he plowed him hard and deep. Meanwhile, I tied Lucus's hands to the bed frame, and he had hardly realized this until after Hilaron pulled out and came over his back.

"Now," I said, "Lucus, you will tell us what Hilaron has to fear from his father, David, tonight."

In a wild panic Lucus struggled against the bonds holding him, and when he looked at me, his eyes were rolling in terror. I saw that fear would not make him talk, so I untied him and ran my hands over his body soothingly but held him firm as he struggled again to escape.

"Now, tell me, for I see you are as afraid of your father as . . ."

"He is not my father," Lucus cried angrily, "My father was a fine man who died an honest death. David has stolen my inheritance just as he plans to steal Hilaron's."

I looked at Hilaron, "So, it is true," I said, and Hilaron grunted and sat down beside us. "Why do you stay by him then, if you don't like him?" he asked Lucus angrily. "Apart from the fact he fucks you well."

"For many reasons," Lucus murmured, and stopped struggling. "Yes, he fucks well and often, but is also rough and thinks only of his own needs. But in the beginning I gave him what he wanted, because I hoped he'd leave me at my mother's farm and I'd live in peace there, as its overseer, if not its owner. But . . . but that was not to be. Your grandfather made that impossible."

"And when he first returned after marrying your mother, Margaret, I thought it was not for long, so I lay with him again, as he wanted me to. And . . . and it is easier to do that than to try to make a life for myself now, for I am a man with nothing but the clothes he stands up in who is used to living better than a beggar."

"So tell us of David's plans for tonight," I said, holding Lucus's shoulders and fixing his eyes with mine.