 "Got any plans for today?" Josh asked sleepily.

He'd staggered back into the dorm at two in the morning the previous day, naked except for a nearly transparent g-string. His lovers had taken his pretty clothes and dropped him off to run the last few yards to the dorm in the near nude. The noise he made had woken up Taylor, who was feeling recharged after a sensual evening of cuddling and movies with Esteban and Cassie. The swimmer had led his exhausted naked roommate out into the hall and fucked him firmly, cumming in him quite quickly from the thrill. He had then cleaned Josh up and put him to bed, but made sure to wake him in time for yoga the next morning. Josh had been very subdued all day, but in a happy, relaxed sort of way. In particular, he'd been very cuddly, which Taylor didn't mind at all. It gave him a break from the frenzied fucking of the last couple days. He and Esteban had jointly licked one orgasm out of Josh, not even sucking him, and Josh had cum again all over Cassie's tight body while making out with her. So it had been a recuperative day for them all. This morning, looking down the length of his body, Taylor could see that his friend's cock was back to its usual insistent hardness. They were lying head-to-toe in bed, and Josh was casually planting a series of kisses on one of Taylor's feet. The taller jock ached with lust at how intimate and unashamed their interactions were.

"Nope. What dirty things do you have in mind for me today?" He sucked the runner's toes into his mouth. In spite of Esteban's explanations, he still didn't comprehend why this felt so good-but it did. Plus, it made him feel as if he were really servicing his lover and showing his respect. He liked that. It turned him on.

"Do you want me to tell you," Josh said between licks, "or do you want me to surprise you?"

"Will the surprise make me extra horny?"

"Yes. Guaranteed."

"Then surprise me."

"There's a condition."

"Okay?"

"No cumming until this afternoon. So you're really feeling the need."

"Damn. We can't fuck in the shower?"

"It would be safer not to. I really shouldn't even be doing this." Josh bent his free leg at the knee and placed his foot atop Taylor's dick.

"You're right," Taylor said a couple minutes later, struggling to keep control as soft toes tortured his tip. "Shit, Josh, I-oh, fuck, that was close!"

"Yeah, no more for you today," Josh said, standing up and reaching for his tights. "Quick run?"

"Of course." They'd taken a couple of hours the previous afternoon to go shopping for some proper workout tights and skimpy shorts for Taylor. He now looked far more brazen in his spandex. Loose nylon covers an erection; flat-fronted lycra highlights it. Both boys were flaunting their wares. "Track today?"

"Yeah," Josh said, pushing his shoes back in the closet. "Oh wait, no. I need your feet to be perfectly clean this afternoon." He was glancing at his phone. "Let's check in downstairs real quick. Esteban said the door's open."

It was. Anyone could have walked in and seen Esteban crouching on all fours on the edge of his bed while Cassie rimmed him. She was fully dressed, at least in a tight T-shirt and miniscule shorts. He was naked and very, very hard.

"Wow," Taylor said approvingly. "That's a nice lot of precum you've worked out of him." He wiped some of it off the sheets with a finger and tried it, then shared the taste with Josh.

"I reallllly need to be getting to class," Cassie said, her voice muffled by the RA's bubble butt, "but he's the most fun toy I've had in a while. I like playing with him."

"Keep playing," Esteban moaned in pleasure.

"There's one more thing I can do," the blonde girl commented, "and then I have to go." She reached up the leg of her shorts and moaned softly as she withdrew a long, slender rubber plug. Already lubed with her juices, it slid easily into Esteban's wet hole.

"Oh, shit," the wrestler shivered. "How long are you going to leave that in me?"

"Until I take it out."

"Please! At least get me off first!"

"I already did. And some of your cum is still in me. The rest is in your ass." Cassie stood up and stepped into her flip-flops. "Have fun, hot stuff." She gave each of the other boys a long, drawn-out deep tongue kiss. "Don't let his neediness interrupt your run. Take him with you."

"That girl tortures me," Esteban said, getting to his feet. He had a huge grin on his face. "You realize she hasn't actually touched my dick since we fucked? This is all just my nipples and ass." His cock was thick and veiny with blood and prolonged arousal.

"The other jocks will admire your nice pumped nipples," Taylor said. "Come on, let's get that butt of yours another workout."

"I hate to cover it up," the RA said. He slipped on a short-sleeved, knee-length bodysuit that made the other boys drool with envy at how it fitted him, then glanced at his friends' feet. "Sneaks? Not doing the track today?"

"We are, but I've got something special planned for later and I want to make sure our feet are extra clean."

"Sounds sexy," Esteban winked. "But I don't have that incentive. So I'll just run barefoot to make me even hornier. All that extra foot stimulation." He grabbed his Havaianas and they were off.

When Taylor parted from Josh after class later that morning, he stopped him in the hallway and kissed him goodbye in front of dozens of milling students. Josh's eyes sparkled.

"You're making me feel really good about this afternoon," he smiled.

"Sure you're not going to tell me?"

"Nope. You chose suspense, you get suspense."

"Fine. How much longer?"

"Pick me up after my last class." Josh pecked him on the lips again and strolled away.

Taylor spent the rest of the day in a haze of lust. His semi-hard dick was quite obvious beneath his boardshorts the whole time, just short of being actionably erect. Heads turned in the hallways. Girls made snarky remarks in whispers while guys tried not to be obviously envious of his size and boldness. He made it through lunch without exploding and grabbed a quick swim afterward, wishing he'd brought one of Josh's plugs. In the gym shower, he had no hesitation about lubing up three fingers and teasing his prostate for a while. He was getting good at it. Precum drooled steadily from his fat glans. Throughout the process, the swimmer made a point of never touching his erection directly if he could help it. After he'd spent five or ten minutes in his ass, he turned his attention to his balls, savoring the dull ache as he gently massaged them. He couldn't help wondering if there was any special treatment Josh would do to his balls if he asked for it. Then he began picturing himself tied up the way Josh had been the other night, and he had to stop immediately.

For a moment, Taylor worried that he was getting too submissive. He decided to try a thought experiment. Imagining Josh in the restraints again, he envisioned himself approaching the lithe, nubile boy with some of the more advanced toys he'd previously seen in Josh's play box. Starting with a ball gag. There was such an expression of desperate lust in the smaller boy's eyes as he stared up at his roommate, his voice now silenced-

"Oh, fuck," Taylor said out loud. He looked down at his dick. It was pulsing rhythmically from his arousal. Yeah, definitely versatile, he reassured himself internally, grinning. He cleaned up and put on some nicer clothes than he'd worn earlier in the day. He didn't know what Josh had in mind, but it never hurt to look cute, especially if there was going to be sex involved.

His last class involved a pop quiz, which he was grateful for afterward, since it took his mind off his daydreams for a bit. The last half hour was murder, though. He was first out the door as it came to an end, almost running down the hall, his sandals slapping on the linoleum. Five minutes later, he grabbed Josh on the sidewalk right outside the latter's classroom and kissed him in front of a good portion of the student body. Josh returned it without missing a beat, tongues as far down each other's throats as they could get them.

"Excited?"

"You're lucky I haven't exploded in my shorts just from touching you."

"You will from me touching you later." Josh set his backpack down on a bench nearby. "Take your shirt off. I want to see your body." Taylor whipped off his polo and tossed it to his lover, who followed suit with his own tank top. They kissed again, more sensuously this time, bare chests rubbing.

"Mmmm. I think we need a picture of this," Taylor smiled.

"Absolutely," Josh agreed. He pulled out his phone and took a couple of selfies. "Could be better. Excuse me!" He suddenly bolted off towards a muscle guy who was slowly walking by a few yards away. "Excuse me, but could you take a pic for us real quick?"

"Hey, sure," the guy said, grinning awkwardly. He seemed more curious than anything. He got a great shot of the two jocks showing off their eight-packs in front of the campus, and another of them lip to lip. Taylor couldn't believe how sexy they looked, two studs wearing nothing but flip-flops and shorts that didn't come halfway down their thighs. His white chinos were becoming noticeably wet in spots.

"These are gorgeous. Thank you so much!"

"No problem. You guys have great bodies." The muscle boy was clearly checking them both out.

"So do you," Josh said, returning the stare. "And if you'd like a blowjob in exchange for the pics, just call us and we'll be happy to oblige."

The guy gasped, then covered it with a laugh that trailed off uncertainly. "Thanks, but-I don't swing that way."

Josh shrugged. "That's okay. But it's a standing offer. And if I can be honest with you, from the way you're checking us both out, you have a sense of how good another guy's body can make yours feel." The guy shook his head and took a couple steps back, mumbling a "thanks" before hurrying away, eyes on the pavement.

"Sixty percent chance he'll be back," Josh said, watching him go.

"He didn't get our info."

"He can find us on Instagram if he looks for the pics he snapped. It's pretty recognizable. Especially after we sprinkle #umiami tags all over them." Both boys' fingers were flying over their phones. "Instagram is a hookup app anyway. Why shouldn't he use it to hook up with us?"

"Someone who commented on one of our pics earlier called us sluts and said how upset he was that we were giving pansexuals a reputation as sluts."

"First of all," Josh retorted, "our being pan has nothing to do with our being sluts. Separate issues. Just because we're both doesn't mean everyone who is one is or has to be the other, and at the same time, we can't be expected to closet either our spectrum of attraction or our promiscuity to please others."

"And second," Taylor continued, "there's nothing wrong with being a slut in the first place. It's not a derogatory term, for God's sake!"

"A slut is what you call someone who's getting the sex you wish you were getting," Josh repeated.

"Is it?" Taylor asked. "I've kind of been wondering about that today. Do people genuinely not want sex or something? Do we really seem that abnormal to them for acting on the urges that we all have in common? Or do they not have those urges at all?"

"You know, I still question that every now and then," Josh said. "Because there is such a gap sometimes. But you and I aren't abnormal. We're jocks, we've had all sorts of checkups and tests all our lives, and neither of us has ever had anything weird come up, right? So physically we must be normal. Which means I have to assume that everyone else does want sex as much as I do, and when they say they don't, they're lying."

"They can't resist lying, though. They're dishonest about everything to do with sex. It's like a black hole that screws up their gravitational fields. Like all these discussions of sexual identity that ignore the fact that sexual identity is based on sexual behavior. It's not about who you marry or fall in love with. It's about who you have sex with! Trying to treat sexual identity as if it's sexless disconnects it from reality! But, shit, in politics today, God forbid anyone even mention sex."

"Bingo. Homoromantics aren't discriminated against because they love other men. Winston Churchill wasn't discriminated against because he surrounded himself with beautiful, talented young men to admire at a distance. Homosexuals are discriminated against because they put their dicks in each other. Period. That's all there is to it. Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is discrimination on the basis of sexual activity-and not just because someone else thinks your particular kind of sex is gross, but because they think sex itself is gross."

Taylor shook his head. "And somehow world population is climbing towards eight billion."

"Because we all have these urges. There's the added proof of how normal the two of us are. Humans like to fuck. But they don't like to be honest about it. And until we're honest about our desires, we're not going to be able to manage them rationally, and until we do that, we'll keep eating and breeding and warring ourselves into hell." He sighed.

Taylor gave him a few moments. "So now that you've gotten the State of the Union off your chest, where are we going?"

Josh smacked him on the butt. "To the garage. We'll need your car."

The low office building to which Josh directed him wasn't far from the campus. From starting to stopping, including traffic lights and parking, it didn't take ten minutes. They could have walked it, Taylor thought, and wondered what the hurry was. Josh seemed to know exactly what he was doing, however, so Taylor followed him into an unmarked office near one end of the complex. The door was unlocked, meaning either that they were expected, or that the place was open.

Inside, it was a single studio space with a tiny kitchen counter off to one side. The opposite wall was filled with boxes and bins full of odds and ends and bits of clothing. Against the rear of the office hung a plain backdrop with lights set up in front of it.

"Surprise!" Josh exclaimed.

"It's a photo studio," Taylor realized.

"Yep." Coming towards them was a sexy Latin twink with blowjob lips and long dark hair that swept low over a pair of sultry eyes. He wasn't more than five foot seven or eight, but had a lightly-muscled twock body barely concealed beneath a tight tank top and tight jean shorts and black no-show socks that barely covered the soles of his feet. "Taylor, this is Sam Echevarria. Sam, my roommate Taylor, whom you've been dying to jerk off to in person."

"Hi," Sam chuckled. "Taylor, I hope you won't believe him. With you in the room, jerking off would be the last thing on my mind."

"I hope so," Taylor grinned. He gave Sam a quick kiss, shivering at how good the boy was. "So is Sam the surprise?"

"What Sam can do is the surprise," Josh said. "Sam is a photographer. In fact, Sam was the photographer who did my first nude shoot when I was sixteen."

"How could you do a nude shoot when you were sixteen?"

"It wasn't erotic nudes. I did a bunch of naked athlete, country boy, jungle boy stuff. All perfectly innocent, and normal for me, too, since I never wore clothes growing up. We didn't shoot anything erotic until my eighteenth birthday, and then we made up for it by spending the whole day doing a hardcore shoot that Sam made a very nice book out of. It still sells well."

"Fuck," Taylor breathed. "My roommate is a high-class porn boy." His gaze shifted to Sam. 

"And you brought me here to make me into the same thing."

"It's your call on whether you want to publish the shots," Josh assured him. "But I know you'd love the experience of having sex on camera. And being able to look at how hot and horny you were as a freshman for the rest of your life."

Taylor unbuttoned his shorts and stepped out of them. His eight-plus inches stood straight up.

"I want them published."

"Sign here, please," Sam said, going over to the counter and handing them a couple of forms. "The usual release and payment schedule. Josh knows it."

"The way it works," Josh explained, "is that after the book comes out, Sam gets a third of the profits, and the rest is split among the models in proportion to how many shots everyone appears in."

"Wow, that's very generous."

"An art book of hot young men fucking instead of just teasing sells really nicely at pride festivals. Fifty bucks apiece, and Sam usually sells about five hundred of each. There's a good market for this stuff in south Florida. So you figure what your share would be in a hundred-page book with numbers like that."

"Nice!"

"I usually take a few of the models around to pride festivals across the country in the summer," Sam said. "Gives us all a chance to get out of Florida during the heat and helps sell books with a bunch of nearly-naked boys standing right next to pictures of themselves fucking. And the models get to flaunt their wares and get a lot of fresh meat along the way."

"Isn't all that traveling expensive?"

"Let's just say I have a lot of friends who have no problem letting half a dozen naked guys drape themselves all over their summer homes for extended periods."

"So fucking hot," Taylor groaned. He handed back the signed release and turned to his roommate. "Josh, why are you still dressed?" Without waiting, he pulled Josh's shorts down and lifted him out of them. "What's it like on one of those tours?"

"I haven't done one yet," Josh said. "I wasn't old enough last year."

"Next summer, you're coming," Sam said sternly. "No excuses."

"My hole quivers with anticipation," Josh retorted. He strode across to the backdrop and began doing some stretches to warm up. His erection diminished slightly, but not by much. "We're starting out in speedos, right?"

"Yeah, it would be ridiculous for him not to show them off, since he's a swimmer."

"Taylor, I brought your high school team suit," Josh said. "It's in my backpack."

"Awesome!" Taylor wedged his hardon into the black spandex with a familiarity born of long practice. It made him even more needy when it scraped his delicate tip. Josh slipped into a brilliant white Speedo Solar that screamed Miami and contrasted with his friend's more boring suit. Taylor kissed him as he joined him in front of the lights, their bulges frotting gently.

"Beautiful," Sam said. "I love the desire and tension you guys have." They could tell he meant it. He'd lost his clothes, apart from the tiny socks that seemed to draw the eye to his feet when paired with his nudity, and his erection was as firm as theirs. "But let it build. You're going to be blowing a couple loads apiece while you're here, so take your time."

"You have an absolutely beautiful cock," Taylor said, staring. "I think that's the prettiest dick I've ever seen, in porn or real life."

Sam burst out laughing. So did Josh.

"You know what's funny about that?" the latter said. "Everyone thinks it's the prettiest penis they've ever seen. Sam got that reaction so often that he made a book about it. His lovely cock photographed in a variety of scenarios, to flaunt its beauty."

"Hey, everyone loved that book," Sam grinned, unembarrassed.

"Focus," Josh said, and pulled Taylor back into their kiss. The camera clicked for the first time on Taylor's first shoot.

Taylor felt as if he could have cum from five minutes of simply making out with Josh while their spandex bulges rubbed together. Unfortunately for his needs, Sam had them changing out of their speedos and into new suits every couple of minutes. After the initial monochrome shots, he put them in a variety of brilliant colors, tropical yellows and limes and turquoises and reds to highlight their golden skin. In some of the photos, Josh was kneeling in front of Taylor, submissive, preparing to service him; in others, Taylor was in the submissive pose. They caressed and licked each other's feet while staring into each other's eyes, and Taylor picked Josh up and held him aloft almost as easily as a dancer might have done it. Except that the ceiling was low and he had to kneel. But it still made for some impressive shots as Josh contorted his yoga-trained body.
