 It was my first summer out of college and I was really struggling to find a job. I was only just 18 and was supposed to spend my weekends partying with all my friends. But no job meant no money. Still, it wasn't all bad. As an 18 year old with a taste for older men, I could usually rely on a generous man to buy me a drink or two on a Friday night down at the gay bar.

I still lived with my parents and my days were spent applying for any job I could find. I earned my keep doing jobs around the home. The rest of the day was spent kicking a foot ball against a wall down at the local park. All my friends were either at their jobs or away on some dream summer vacation. 

I was your typical teenage male really. Young and horny. At about 5 foot 10 and a slim 60kg, I was the stereotypical twink. I had brown hair and a smooth body with a very light tan. Having had my cherry popped about 6 months earlier, I now had a craving for sex with men. I had never really been interested in girls at all. The internet and the gay bars made sure I was never bored.

Things changed when I finally secured at internship at a marketing company. It wasn't exciting work, but it did pay me a few dollars an hour. Most of the day was grabbing coffees for meetings, photocopying and running errands. They gave me a cell phone which was pretty cool. I installed Grindr and would organise dates for the weekend while in the line at the post office. It was great.

Then one Friday night I got a bit too drunk at a bar and lost the phone. I was terrified I would have to pay for it because I didn't have any near enough money. The Monday morning I went over to Gina's desk, she was the office manager, and told her I lost the phone. I said it must have fallen out of my bag on the way home Friday afternoon.

"I'll see what I can do." was all she said.

I went back to my desk and did some filing for a couple of hours before Gina came over to me.

"Stan would like a word with you in his office."

I nodded. My heart sank. Stan was the big boss. He would only want to see me to fire me, surely.

I walked into his office and he was there sitting behind his desk. An imposing figure in a suit.

"Close the door Tommy. Take a seat" he said.

I sat opposite him shaking with nervousness. Stan had a big office, then only person with their own office. He had a window over looking the river, and another window that looked back into the open plan office. He was in his late 50's, 6 foot tall and still very fit and strong. He rode his bike to work most days and went to the gym every lunch. I actually thought he was quite attractive. All the women did too. He was divorced and his wife and kids moved to the coast about 3 hours away. He had been quite nice to me until now, always said hello.

"Gina tells me you lost the phone."

"Yes. I'm sorry. It must have slipped out."

"Did you know Tommy, all our phones are monitored. We can see where they are and what they're being used for. I thought I might try to find where your phone is, and I was quite shocked. The phone itself is off. Gone. But what shocked me was its contents Tommy. Grindr? The text messages? It was meant to be for work, not for you to fulfill your dirty perversions."

I was stunned. I was fucked. I was about to be fired.

"Explain this to me Tommy. 'hey Tommy you got a sweet little mouth, the best head I've ever had in 40 years. You should be proud boy.' and you replied 'Next time you must try my other hole.' Is this appropriate use of work resources?"

"I was... umm.. " I stammered.

"There's more. HunkyTop1967 said 'You were great last night. It's so refreshing to see a young guy who appreciates an older man.' he then asks 'If you could get naked with any man in this city, who would it be?"

"oh shit." I thought to myself as panic set in.

Stan continued to read "Oh probably my boss Stan. He is real hot and has a big bulge. He can take me any day lol. Except I think he is married with kids or something"

I stared at the floor as Stan looked at me in disgust.

"So this is how you spend your time here is it? Using my resources to talk about this?"

He stood up and turned around, looking out the window. Then walked over and placed a hand on my shoulder. I looked up at his face, waiting for him to tell me I'm fired.

"Tell me Tommy, is that really what you think?"

"Sir?" I stumbled, confused.

"Do you really think about me that way?" he pressed.

"I..I.." I couldn't get any words out.

"It's ok Tommy." he said as he walked behind me and closed the blind over the window to the office. Then I heard the click as he locked the door.

He stood next to me as I sat in the chair. His bulge was just inches from my face. I could tell he was hard under there. He began to unzip his pants.

"Tommy, I know you want this, and I want it too, and I take what I want."

He reached in and pulled out his cock. 7 inches of rock hard cut meat was just an inch from my mouth.

"Suck it Tommy."

I looked at his gorgeous hard cock. The thick shaft bulging with veins. I opened my mouth and took Stan's cock between my lips. He let out a moan as my wet mouth wrapped around him. I could not believe this was happening. A moment ago I was getting fired, now here I am with 7 inches of cock down my throat.

I sucked deeper and deeper on Stan's cock, slurping as I went. He placed a hand behind my head and pushed me further onto this cock, fucking my face.

"Fuck yeah boy. Drink my cum." he groaned as his bulging cock erupted inside my mouth.

I had no choice but to swallow his load he squired jet after jet into me. I kept sucking for another minute as his cock began to soften. He pulled away and tucked it back in his pants, zipping him self up.

"That was pretty good son. I think there might be a place for you here after all."