 This story is primarily about man-to-man sex, but it does feature an MMF episode. Just a "heads-up" for those who prefer gay-only stories. 

The Intern

++++++++++++++++++++++

My sex life was ok, but stagnant. Over a year after my divorce, I still hadn't found another woman I felt I could have a long-term relationship with. I loved my ex-wife very much, and still do, but I wasn't ambitious enough to give her the material things she craved. She wasn't so shallow when we first met...at least we didn't have kids before she ran off with the neurologist of her dreams. I make a good living, but it just couldn't provide the five-bedroom house or the A-list parties that she desired more than me. I hope the good doctor is at least getting a solid fuck for all the bullshit he's having to put-up with. 

At the age of 38, I still get the attention from the ladies, and I work hard to maintain a good physique...for my own satisfaction more than trying to attract a mate. I've had a few dates, but the women seem to be more interested in my loft apartment...perhaps I'm just a little jaded. Regardless, I was getting horny as hell and my right hand was becoming a less interesting partner every week. There were a few ladies in the office that caught my eye, but inter-office relationships always struck me as a bad idea. Besides, my intern was a source of competition that I just didn't need. 

Collin was a terrific worker, and took over the more mundane tasks my assistant did before taking maternity leave. He was fresh out of college, doing an internship while finishing his master's degree. We probably would not have gotten along if it weren't for his outstanding work ethic. Collin definitely had ambitions, and wasn't above kissing-ass, or fucking the right people, if he thought it got him somewhere. Office gossip had him sampling every attractive woman with "manager" somewhere in her title. I'll admit, I didn't mind looking at him...standing six-foot-two, around 175 pounds, lean and toned with wavy brown hair and intensely green eyes, he was definitely a specimen worthy of the stares he got from ladies. I had my "experimental phase" in college, and won't deny my bisexual curiosity if someone asks...but I see myself as ninety-eight percent straight. Even so, I caught myself from time-to-time taking a longer look over his frame than I probably should have...a nice of piece of eye-candy, but really nothing more than that. Besides, he only had a week left with our company, and I'd finally have to get around to hiring a temp until my assistant came back. 

"Mr. Harris, you're calendar for next month is updated, and Penny is arranging your flight to Tokyo in March." Collin said in his best business voice as he walked into my office and placed some files on my desk. 

"Thanks, Collin. You've been a lifesaver around here since Gwen left on maternity leave. I'm sorry that you're leaving us, but I know you'll do outstanding work at your next internship." I replied, looking at his youthful frame, covered in well-tailored clothing that highlighted his admirable physique. "I'm sure the female staff will be devastated when you're gone." I added with a hearty laugh. 

"Yeah, well...I'm used to the stares...it can be flattering, or annoying...depends on who's looking." Collin said, mildly blushing, even though it didn't fit with his overly-confident character. "You should come out with us tonight...kind of a going-away party."

"Thanks, but I think I'll pass. From what I've heard, it's going to be you and twenty of your closest female admirers in attendance. Have a good time. I can't say I'm not envious."

"Come on, Mr. Harris...I need a few other guys around to keep things sane. Besides, you could get lucky...more than a few have their eyes on you too."

"Always been my policy to avoid pussy from the office...causes too much trouble if things go badly. Consider that my offering of sage advice for your professional career." I said, slapping his shoulder as I walked around the desk. 

"Oh, I hear you...it's been a blessing in some ways that I'm not a real employee...keeps things from getting messy. I'm still very much a guy who likes to sample things here and there."

"Now you're just rubbing my face in it." I said, with mock irritation, putting a book on the shelf and returning to my desk. 

Collin chuckled at my response as he placed some files in the cabinet and closed the office door. "You'd probably like that, wouldn't you Mr. Harris."

"Huh? Why would I like being reminded of your conquests all the time?"

"Not quite what I meant." Collin said, leaning against the file cabinet and slowly running his thumb across the lower part of his crotch. "I get a sense that you like a bit of variety every now-and-then yourself."

"Hey man...I don't know where this is coming from...dudes aren't my thing. Hell, you've arranged most of my dinner dates the last few months...you should know where my interests are." I replied, even as my cock started to stir within my pants. 

"Like I said...I'm used to the stares. Only you and one other guy around here give me more than a passing glance...and he's an old, fat slob." Collin said calmly as one hand slid into his pants-pocket, and rearranged things behind the trim-fit fabric. "Can't say that I'm interested in guys much at all...but I don't mind indulging a select few, as long as they don't expect much from me."

I swallowed hard, and my pulse began to race, as the impact of what he was saying registered in my brain. "I...uh...I think...you're making a mistake." I stammered, even as my cock continued to swell. 

"Hmm...maybe...but I'm usually pretty good at sorting the casual glance from the full body scan." Collin said, as a visible bulge formed below the hand in his pocket and snaked toward the leg of his trousers. "If you want to know what the ladies are all excited about...then consider yourself as one of the very few guys I've let-in on the secret. I'm out of here at the end of the week...and I know you're not a pansy...otherwise, there's no way in hell I'd give you the opportunity. Your call...I could give a shit less either way." He finished, sounding arrogant as hell, and now standing next to me behind the desk.

I tried to fight it, but I couldn't keep from staring at his crotch as he stood watching me while loosening his tie. Collin's cock had slid even further down his left pant leg, tenting the fabric away from his thigh, making it obvious he had to be a boxer man. My own prick was now painfully confined behind my preference for supportive briefs. I could hear my pulse pounding in my ears as a slumbering curiosity awoke from years of hibernation. This was a mistake and I knew it, but my mind was also filled with thoughts of how much I admired his looks...how much I wanted to see all of his physical perfection. 

"If you want it, you'll have to make the move. I can get laid every day...I don't have to beg dudes to blow me. I know my limits...as long as you know yours...then its all good." Collin said, almost taunting me as he placed his hands on his hips.

I still hesitated; saying nothing as I mindlessly reached for my crotch and shifted my aching cock into a better position. It was clear that Collin was nicely endowed, though difficult to judge just how well from behind the material. 

"I'll be damned...guess I finally got one wrong." Collin said as he started to back away. "Sorry to embarrass you...at least you won't have to put-up with me anymore."

I should have let the narcissistic prick leave, but I found myself reaching out to grip the inside of his thigh instead. Even through the fabric, I could sense the strength in his legs and feel the tone of his muscles. My hand moved up to his crotch, squeezing the outline of his cock and producing a small spot of precum at the front of his pants. 

"Mmmm...okay...guess I'm still batting a thousand." Collin said with a satisfied smirk and pulled-off his belt. "Come to think of it, maybe I should rub your face in it." He said gruffly, stretching the leather belt at the back of my head and pulling my face into his lap. "Oh shit, yeah! You wanted this more than you thought, didn't you?" I could only grunt as he ground his crotch against my face. "Only sampled the skill of two other guys...but they always gave the best blow-jobs. I'm sure you won't be any different."

I still hadn't said a word as I eased back and brought my hands up to open his trousers. My hands shook from raw nerves, fumbling with the button and lowering the zipper. Collins pants dropped around his ankles, revealing a neatly pressed pair of oxford-cloth boxers and the head of his cock peeking out from the leg opening. The uncut tip glistened and a string of precum started to trail toward the floor. I extended my tongue, lapping at the sticky fluid and teasing the tip of his prick. 

Collin kicked off his shoes and stepped out of his pants. "Take them off, cock-sucker. Take a good look at what you've been imagining all this time."

I mindlessly did as instructed, grabbed the material at the bottom of each leg, and tugged his underwear to the floor. Collin's cock sprung upward once released from the cloth prison, revealing a perfect accompaniment to the owner's handsome frame. I've seen bigger pricks in porno films, but at a thick eight inches with a low-hanging shaved sack holding plum-sized balls...the whole package was beautifully proportioned to rest of him. I was starting to dislike his cocky attitude, but I couldn't help but think the end result was better than I'd imagined. 

Collin slapped my face with his engorged rod, flinging precum across my nose and cheeks. "For a guy, you're not bad looking...you'll look even better with my cock down your throat. Go ahead, cocksucker...taste my meat."

I was still mute as Collin gripped the top of my head, pulled it back and pressed his prick to my lips. My mind was now in a fog, and all I could think of was sucking on this fine specimen of man-meat. I opened my mouth wide, producing as much spit as I could manage while inching further and further down Collin's twitching pole. Damn...after almost fifteen years of swearing-off cock, it was intoxicating to feel the silky skin across my tongue and the heat radiating through my cheeks. It took a few attempts filled with coughing and gagging before getting comfortable with something I had done only a few times in my life....and only then with patient, understanding buds. 

"Shit...that's it, man...take it all in! You're a fucking natural at this!" Collin jeered, gripping the sides of my head and skull-fucking me. 

As soon as my gag-reflex had calmed down, Collin began fucking my face with an insistent rhythm, his prick pushing past my tonsils and further down my throat with every stroke. His hairless nuts bounced against my chin, soaking my face as spit trailed down his balls. My own cock was now painfully hard. I awkwardly opened my pants and began fisting my aching rod as Collin continued assaulting my mouth. 

"Nice cock...you shouldn't be so picky about finding some pussy to put it in." Collin grunted as watched me stroke from above. "Do a good job, and I'll set you up with a hot chick that would love your thick cock."

The last thing I needed from this twenty-four year old prick was an arranged fuck. I had plenty of opportunities on my own, thank you very much. But I could hardly voice my protest with his thick salami stretching my jaw to its limits. I'm not a big fan of being used like this. I much prefer sex as a cooperative venture, but I couldn't deny enjoying the feel of cock again, or the raw strength of man-to-man play. 

"Ahhh fuck, man...you really know how to work a cock." Collin groaned, pulling out of my mouth and slapping my face with his prick. "Suck on my nuts...oh shit, yeah."

I buried my nose into his loose sack, lapping at his balls and gently sucking one tender orb and then the other into my mouth. Collin's hot shaft pressed against my eyelid as I worked for a better angle. I reached with one hand to grip the left cheek of his lightly hairy and taught ass to steady my position.

"Uh-uh, man...keep your hands to yourself." Collin said while smacking my hand off his ass. "I'll feed a cocksucker all the meat he wants, but the rest of me is off-limits. Just think of this as a glory-hole without the wall."

Now I was really starting to feel used, but the concern wasn't deep enough to keep me from greedily feasting on what he offered. Alternating between his balls and cock, another few moments passed until I noticed his sack start to tighten. I was now fisting my own cock furiously as Collin pushed into my face...pressing my nose into his tight curls. His breathing became ragged, and the muscles in his thighs tensed. I knew what could only be moments from happening, and tried to pull back from Collin's twitching spit-soaked crotch. 

"Oh yeah...oh fuck, yeah!" Collin chided, holding my head firmly in place. "Uuuugggh...uuuuggghhhh...oohhhh ffffuuuuccckkkk!" he grunted, thrusting his hips with each word...his cock shooting hot cum straight down my throat. The salty load just kept coming as I struggled to swallow...some flowing past my lips and falling down onto my own swelling prick. I couldn't take any more, and managed to pull away as one last rope flew from Collin's cock and splashed across my face. Cum was still spilling from my mouth as my own climax hit seconds later. 

'Mmmphhh..fffuuuuckkk...ssshhiiiitttt!" I hissed through clenched teeth, jerking my cock and unloading four heavy ropes of seed into the boxers that lay crumpled around Collin's feet. I was still kneeling on the floor, catching my breath as Collin calmly kicked-off his shoes and stepped out of his pants.

"Well, I'm sure as hell not wearing these on the train back home." Collin said, reaching for the sticky boxers and using them to clean his dripping cock. "Here...keep them as a souvenir. I don't want them back." He said, draping the soiled underwear over my head before getting dressed. "Thanks. You're pretty fucking good at that. Too bad you didn't have a nice set of tits and a hot pussy to complete the package." 

The fog of lust slowly lifted from my brain as I wiped my face with the boxers and watched Collin gather his things and walk out the door. The more I thought about it, the more I hated that smug little prick. I let it happen. I really had no one to blame but myself. My mind struggled to devise some senseless act of revenge, but it wasn't part of my nature. Besides, the asshole was leaving...in time, the whole thing would just be a regrettable event recalled through hazy memories. 

++++++++++++++++

Four months later;

It seemed like it took forever for Gwen returned from maternity leave, but at least things were now back to normal. My life at work had become orderly and routine once more, and it was a welcome relief from a personal life still filled with unexciting dates and an uneven social life. That is, until I got an email from a woman that I had dated several months ago. We had a good time, even had a few nights of fairly intense sex...but it was clear to both of us that our personalities just weren't right for a long-term thing. It was truly surprising to hear from her again.

"Hank, I have a "situation" that has very little to do with you, but would like you to consider being a part of the solution. It is personal in nature, and not related to our professional lives. This requires a face-to-face discussion. Please reply if I can count on you to hear me out. With happy memories, Karla."

The whole thing seemed deeply mysterious, but that was part of Karla's appeal. I enjoyed our brief time dating, but she was a bit more controlling than I really cared for. She's a very professional woman, with a high-ranking job in her company, and has worked hard to gain respect in the "boys club" of corporate executives. Sexually, she's an animal in the bedroom...enjoying things on the rougher edge, but not a dominating mistress either. At forty-two, she was just a few years older than me, and looked hot as hell...with a body some thirty-year-olds would die for. I was intrigued by the message, to say the least, and I felt compelled to meet her. If nothing else, maybe a wild roll in the hay would be included. Emails were exchanged, and we agreed to meet at a local pub with booths that were conducive to private discussions. 

I arrived early, sat at the booth she reserved, and drank a beer as I pondered what this could be about. Karla entered the pub exactly on-time, impeccably dressed in professional attire, her shoulder-length blond hair framing her soft face perfectly in the subdued lighting. "Hi Hank, I'm very glad we could meet. Met anyone special since we last talked? I've hoped something would happen for you soon." She said, bending down to kiss my cheek. 

"No, afraid not...I'm still foot-loose and fancy-free. How about yourself? Is work still limiting your free time?

"Oh yes, and probably always will. I still enjoy what I do, and I'm not willing to change things dramatically just yet. I have found an entertaining distraction, which is why I wanted to meet with you." Karla said with a sexy look in her eyes, and in her usual direct way.

"I'm intrigued. How could this possibly involve me?" 

"At the risk of seeming like a "cougar", I've gotten involved with a younger man who seems at ease with my hectic schedule and...well...my appetite for flavors besides vanilla." Karla said with a chuckle while flipping her hair. 

"Good for you." I replied enthusiastically, still wondering where this was leading. "I know we weren't the best fit...at least in regards to our schedules." I said with a wink. "So, how does this involve me?"

"It seems this young man had some misguided notions of how to get ahead, and kept some interesting notes and pictures on his computer. I've eliminated his need to use them...and erased his files...but I'd still like to teach him a little lesson in humility. I came across this, and thought maybe you might be a willing partner."

Karla handed me her cell phone and showed me a hastily taken picture of me sucking another man's cock. My stomach just about dropped to the floor, and the color faded from my face.

"From the look on your face, I take it you remember Collin Parker. Relax, Hank...I can assure you this has been handled, and it will never go further than right here, right now. Frankly, I'm a little sorry I missed this side of you...makes my pussy wet just thinking about it." 

I was stunned. "Fuck...shit...I hadn't done anything like that since college. Why...what...what the hell was he doing?" I said, my words fumbling from my mouth. 

"He had many pictures like this...taken quickly with a cell phone, and mostly without the other person knowing. Most were of women, and only two other guys...but always with notes about who they were, what they did, and possible important connections. It seems Collin was considering blackmail if he couldn't get a job that suited him...a notion his conscience later rejected. Although he made the right decision to abandon blackmail, he still decided to keep the photos. Fortunately for you, it was never an issue. I'm quoting from his notes; "Nice guy...pretty hot, for a dude. He can't really get me far...not sure why I went after him." I think you can see why I'm interested in some attitude adjustment. 

"I suppose. At the moment, a few other types of "adjustments" are entering my mind." I replied with a mix of anger and confusion in my voice. "How did you find out about this...much less steer him toward better decisions?"

"I met him at a party where he was mingling with as many corporate stuffed-shirts as he could manage. Let's face it...he's cute as hell...so I took him home for a quick fuck. He tried to sneak a few pics of me...you can imagine how well that went over."
