 The Inn (another story that takes place after In The Heat of The Moment)

He was coming back to town after being with his wife in Italy for a year. He called and told me where he would be staying and said to meet him on Saturday at a nearby bar and we would take it from there. I was excited to say the least. He was my first m2m and I wanted more.

Saturday arrived and an hour or more before we were supposed to meet I was sitting in the bar waiting. Eager? You bet! 

He finally walked in the door, hair a little longer, body looking fit as usual, 6’, 1" tall, 220 lbs, brownish blonde hair, clean shaven and the biggest smile. I could have melted. I should also tell you what he saw; I am 5'11", 225 lbs, stocky, blonde hair, sporting my stinger under my lower lip, smiling as hard as I could.

He was the first to say something yelling across the bar “Hey you asshole what are we drinking?” I couldn’t stop laughing as I ordered him a Corona. “Hi, what the hell have you been doing in Italy? He wove a few stories that kept me laughing for the next 2 hours as we were drinking. Finally, he said “Let’s get dinner.” I suggested the place we were at hoping we could stay close to his place in case he was thinking the same thing I was.

He agreed with the restaurant we were at and he continued his stories and we ordered wine and had dinner it was getting late and he suggested we go back to his room which had a television and living room area. We stopped by a liquor store and picked up some vodka to have while we continued our stories. 

We walked back to his Inn which is a very nice place, we get to his room which looks like a man’s room, clothes strewn about, the bed unmade from an afternoon/post flight nap and the bathroom looks, well, looks like it should according to any man.

We walk out to the balcony, the moon is bright and we can see the seashore with the waves lapping up onto the sand. I tell him what I have been up to for the past year and finally he opens the Vodka and takes a couple of glasses and ice and we go inside and sit down with the TV on very low volume and we begin to talk about our sex lives with our wives which according to our discussion has become non-existent. This is exactly where I wanted the conversation to go and I believe he did too. It had been awhile so we both were nervous about it all not knowing whether the other one wanted to continue our exploration of our male sexuality or not, we did.

We sat down on the couch with the TV volume low and only the light from the moon and the TV were illuminating the room. He turned towards me as if to say something and I couldn’t resist, I leaned in and gave him a kiss on the lips. He grabbed my body and pulled me tighter to him kissing back harder and slowly easing his tongue between my lips into my mouth and we tongue wrestled breathing harder with every second. We broke the kiss as I pulled his shirt over his head. As I was pulling his shirt and having his arms stuck in the air I attacked his nipples and chest with my tongue making his nipples hard. I finished pulling his shirt off and went back to his lips, my hands all over his body. He stood up to pull my shirt off but I took the liberty of taking his pants and pulling them down noticing that he was wearing a black thong, I knew he was wanting this as bad as me. I let out a moan when I saw it and I looked up at him as he threw my shirt to the side and with a little smile he leaned in for a kiss. I pulled him on top of me his cock pressing against me straining at the thong material. He rolled off and grabbed my hand and pulled me into the bathroom where he lowered himself to pull my pants off he gave my cock a little kiss and licking the precum that was oozing out. He turned to put the water on in the shower. He smiled and said he wanted to take the whole night to pleasure us both.

We remained standing and kissing as the shower warmed up. The water was so warm when we stepped in. He got in and I followed he turned to me kissing some more both of us with soap lathering each others bodies up. As we were kissing my hand started soaping his back working my way down to his gorgeous plump ass I moved my hands around the cheeks working the suds and my fingers in between his cheeks tickling his hole. His moans were getting more guttural with my finger circling his hole. I knew he wanted it all tonight as he pushed his ass back towards my finger to have it push deeper inside him. I pulled my hands back up to his back, neck, hair. I started kissing him down his chest as he continued soaping my shoulders, hair but then he just stood still and I arrived at his wonderful cock which was still enshrouded in the thong (don’t ask me how I forgot to take that off until now but I did). His cock was pushing the thong to its limits and I slowly pulled it down admiring every inch of his cock with its mushroom head and silky feel I took a long lick down its length. Taking each ball into my mouth and slowly sucking and nibbling it. He spread his legs a little farther so I went down a little further and then turned around sitting on my butt moving myself through his legs till I was staring at his gorgeous bubble butt. I started kissing his cheeks while my hands were slowly stroking his cock. I knelt up a little so I could get a little higher as I let go of his cock I took and spread both his cheeks dragging my tongue in between them working my way towards his hole. His excitement was incredible he was moaning and starting to lean forward grabbing the wall as I slowly worked my tongue inside his cheeks and then tonguing his hole. I didn’t know what to expect but it was incredibly arousing and erotic. I continued inserting my tongue into his hole he kept pushing back into me. I could feel his body starting to slide down the wall and I feared he would come crashing down into the tub so I pulled back and suggested that we were probably clean enough and that we should move to the bed he was more than eager to do this. 

We dried off and went to the bed which was big and soft, we continued kissing but now I wanted to have his cock in my mouth and I wanted to explore his ass more. I kissed down to his cock taking it in my mouth, the precum was flowing. I sucked up and down slowly at first then as his breathing became faster so did I. I took some of the cum that was leaking and rubbed it on my asshole to try to lubricate I wanted to surprise him before he shot his load. As I could feel his body start to tense and his cock start throbbing I pulled my lips off of him and as he was laying on his back I moved my asshole over his cock and slowly lowered myself down on his hard rod. As I did this he let out the loudest moan I have ever heard from man or woman. I moved myself down a little further and I don’t know how he hadn’t come yet but he was holding it and his cock was becoming so engorged. I rose up till just the head of his cock remained in my hole then I would slowly lower myself down on his cock taking it as far as I could. As I was raising up he grabbed my hips and pulled me down towards him and with his cock inside me he started shooting his load and it was huge. The throbbing and pulsating of his cock while still in my ass made my cock become every bit as hard and I thought I was going to faint or shoot my load or both it was a most erotic feeling.

He finished cumming and I lay on top of him kissing his chest and tugging on his nipples. He said that was the best orgasm he had ever had. I couldn’t resist but smile I had accomplished one goal for the night.

I rolled off to the side as he started kissing down my chest taking his time on each nipple. Moving his body down me his cock still semi hard rubbing its way down my stomach cum still dripping out of it. He suddenly turned me over onto my stomach and started kissing and licking around my asshole, I too have a bubble ass and he started taking his semi hard cock and rubbing it in between the cheeks leaving cum on my cheeks he uses his fingers to start probing in between my cheeks to my hole slowly getting his cum and spit moistening the hole up and all I could do was push my ass back towards him in anticipation of his cock taking another visit inside me. Instead he rolled me back over where I let out a groan and he whispered “There’s plenty of time for that but now it is my turn to have your cock inside me.” He started sucking my cock which was just about ready to unload and he artfully was able to keep it hard and put his feet down towards me so I could go back to licking his asshole which I hungrily did knowing that I was going to be able to have my cock sliding deep inside him. After a little bit of this he turned around and got on his hands and knees and said, “Please cum inside me now. I want to feel you.” I took my cock and slid it in between his cheeks with the tip of my cock just at the entrance of his ass. He pushed himself back letting out a little moan from the initial push which sent my cock halfway into him. He then lets out a groan as I grab his hips and slowly work myself in and out of him I knew I couldn’t last long but tried to not cum too quickly. He was moaning, I was moaning and then I came in short hard bursts he reached back and was able to pull me deep inside him as I continued cumming. I finally finished and my cum was dripping out of his asshole which I took the opportunity to lick up giving his hole a little kiss and lick which made him moan one more time. 

As we rolled back onto the bed I reached over and felt his cock amazingly hard again, I couldn’t help myself but take it into my mouth and suck it slowly. Licking and sucking his full length until he arched up and shot his cum into my mouth and I didn’t let a drop out. We both laid back and held each other mumbling that after a little sleep and a shower maybe we could do it all again. I of course mumbled back that would be fitting. We both fell asleep in each others arms.