 There had been a great display of food and wine all evening, and the servants were constantly moving about, filling our cups again and offering us rich treats.

Present were Hilaron's family—his father; his stepbrother; his uncle, Matthias; and his two sons—and also five local men not much older than Hilaron, whom David had invited. They were cousins and were all fine-looking young men and sat and lay on three couches set along one side of the hall. David, Hilaron's father, reclined on a couch on his own, with Lucus's couch pushed up close to him. At the end of the group, was Hilaron's couch, where he sat more than lay. His nervousness was obvious, which seemed satisfying to David, because he himself was very merry. But if he had looked, then David would have seen that Lucus was pale, and he may have wondered why. But of course he was not a man who considered others' emotions much.

I had been given a couch below Lucus, at the end of the family group and opposite the younger of the cousins. Also at that end were Hilaron's elderly uncle, Matthias, and two of his middle-aged sons. With me they made up the lower section of the seating and completed the rectangular arrangement.

It had been obvious from the moment he arrived that Matthias was only there for duty sake and had no liking for David. He and his sons made their speeches of congratulation and looked warily at David and Hilaron and refused more than a few cups of wine, making it clear that they would have to leave early and could not stay the night.

By contrast, when the five young male guests, all cousins, of each other—not Hilaron, had arrived together, they had been in high spirits. They had heartily greeted Hilaron, embracing him roughly and then greeting everyone else present, and heaping them all with praise and the god's wishes for their health and good fortune. Then when they came to greet me, they had eyed me with surprise, yet approvingly, and made comment on my size and asked me where I came from.

They had obviously had wine before they arrived, and they laughed at my replies, which I made as if I was already filled with wine. David was also full of energy and excitement and laughed loudly with them. But it was obvious that everyone but he and the young men would have preferred to be somewhere else on that night, and Hilaron was pale and withdrawn, though he tried hard to act generously and as the guest of honor.

Once the final sweets had been served, Matthias and his sons made their farewells and left. And at this point the gathering became more raucous, and I saw one of the guests move his hand to his manhood and stroke it, and Lucus was leaning over and feeding David one of the small sweet balls of honey and nuts that remained on the table before him.

All evening one of the cousins, Yarron, the eldest, had been eyeing me off, and now he was reclining on his couch, looking at me with hooded, sex-filled eyes and making it clear he was hard by running his hand down over his robe to show the length and shape of his weapon as it lay up his belly. It was indeed a good size, and a small patch of dampness appeared to be forming on the white linen covering the rounded head of it.

I looked at David and said, sounding as if I had been drinking, "I have found your son Hilaron a most agreeable companion." And getting up I walked unsteadily up to Hilaron's couch, where I sat down by his stretched-out thighs. Hilaron was reclining back, turned to face me, and looked at me with some embarrassment and nervousness but also with lust in his eyes. I placed my hand on his bare calf and ran it up over his knee and up his thigh beneath his robe, stopping briefly to grope his swelling manhood and his big, young nuts, before running it on. I moved my hand up his flat belly and onto his chest, and his robe was now pushed up to reveal his growing manhood and his balls, as my fingers reached his right nipple and pinched it firmly and rolled it between my fingers. He whimpered quietly, and I leant in, parting his legs and lying between them as I kissed him on the lips.

Our tongues met inside his sweet mouth, and he lifted his legs up as we kissed, laying one over the back of the couch while the other he wrapped about my hips, his back arching as he rubbed his growing organ against my thigh and hip. Meanwhile, his hands tugged at my loincloth, pulling it off me so that my great weapon, already stiff, was free to swell and lengthen till it was soon hard and throbbing and moving against the soft silkiness of his thigh as his rubbed his own manhood up my belly.

I broke the kiss and looked about, seeing that David was sitting forward with his lips parted and his eyes hooded and had pulled Lucus between his legs, where he was on his knees and already swallowing David's weapon. And I knew that David was looking on his adult son, Hilaron, as just a highly desirable young man about to be taken by another. The cousins also looked on eagerly, Yarron now having his own weapon out from under his robe for all to see and running both hands up and down the slick shaft. And the other four young men were also working their own dicks, or each others', some exposed and some still hidden by their fine linen robes.

Moans came from several mouths, and Yarron cried out, "Show us if he can take that weapon of yours, Konan. I am eager to see if such a huge, thick pole truly can be driven into the tight hole he has between those firm young ass cheeks of his."

Cries of, "Yes. Yes," came from his brothers and cousins, and David's eyes were now swimming in lust as Lucus sucked. His experienced mouth moving up and down over David's length while his hands guided Lucus's head, his fingers curled tightly in his stepson's hair.

I had lifted Hilaron's ass up and now had both hands to his butt, with my thumbs pressed in at either side of his entrance, parting it. A lovely sight—to which I added two fingers, and he cried out as I entered his channel with them. I only withdrew my fingers to replace them with the head of my weapon. Working those fingers into his hole had opened him, as he had tightened up already after our afternoon's joinings.

"I will show you what can be achieved with patience," I said, my fingers now well in and Hilaron moaning as I rubbed them over his spot and he leaked juice from the slit in the bulbous head of his manhood.

"I want to try him too," Yarron cried, as I once more guided the head of my throbbing weapon to the entrance of one of the nicest asses I had plowed for some time. Hilaron whimpered and cried out as I worked myself into him, while he wriggled his butt and widened his legs to ease my entry.

I looked about to see two of the cousins now lying on one couch, both head to ass, and each sucking the other as their hands explored each other's asses. And David's head was now rolling back as he tugged Lucus's head rapidly back and forth, obviously near his spouting. And as David came I bottomed in his son and began a long, deep fucking of him, the pleasure of which was greatly increased by the sight of the activities being enjoyed by every other man in the room.

When David had filled Lucus's throat with his seed, he lay back spent, also watching and enjoying the activity, not noticing Lucus leave the hall briefly and return with a handful of plaited leather cords.

I continued to plow Hilaron, but now moving my weapon about inside him to gain maximum pleasure from his tight passage; then I withdrew my organ, a throbbing shaft standing up and leaking. And I turned to David.

His eyelids were hooded and his mouth was partly open as he looked at what I had to offer, and I saw that his hand was back on his own manhood, which was beginning to stiffen again.

"I have had the son," I said loudly, and moved toward David, "and enjoyed him well. And now I shall try the father."

David did not take in what I had said and remained reclining back on his couch, stroking himself, while the room became very quiet. I reached him and in a moment I had grasped his hips in my hands and was turning him over.

Finally he realized what was happening and he struggled against me. But then he discovered what I had known before I moved toward him. "No. What . . .? No. Stop what . . .? Who has done this?" he shouted angrily. For Lucus had used the cords to hobble him, tying David's ankles together as he had sat back fisting his manhood. And now he was helpless, his fists hitting out at me, but he was unable to stand and fell about, unbalanced, as he struggled. "Stop this animal," David cried in a rage.

But Hilaron had stood up after pulling his sword from beneath the cushion on his couch, "Yarron, Goron, I know why my father asked you here. And how much gold he offered you to have you cause me to fall from the roof terrace in a drunken accident." Hilaron's voice cried out above the racket as he held his sword up for the unarmed guests to see, for their weapons were in a chest by the entrance door as was the custom. "Leave now, and you shall have the promised gold still. I am the master of this house, and after tonight my grandfather's gold shall be mine as custom demands." 

As Hilaron spoke I had turned David and trapped his thighs between mine. And I had hold of his wrists and forced his arms up above his head and his hands together. And though he trembled, Lucus found the courage to tie his wrists together even as David cursed and spat at him. 

"You ungrateful bastard," David cried at Lucus. "Stop this. You are mine. I have treated you well. Stop this mad barbarian from . . ."

"You did not treat me well," Lucus cried, as he knotted the cords tightly, but still trembling and partly afraid of his stepfather. "You have treated me badly. Always."

Then, "Nooooo. . . , nooooooo. . . ," was all David could cry out as I forced my entry to his channel. It was indeed tight, and I doubted any man had been there before me. Or would be after me, so I made good use of the tightness, and after I finally had my balls pressed to his ass, I began a slow, deep plowing of him.

Hilaron's father whimpered and moaned loudly and lurched occasionally and tried to part his thighs to ease the pain he felt, but I liked the way his channel encased me and held him firmly.

The cousins had talked briefly among themselves; then Yarron spoke. "Gold is gold, and you have more right to it than your father ever had,Hilaron," he said. "But we want it tonight before we leave this house. A man can have a short memory of the promises he makes once a danger is past."

"So be it," Hilaron replied. "But a man is also a fool to have those recently plotting against him free in his own house and able to change their minds. So, if you are willing to be tied up and watched till morning, you may have your gold before you leave."

Yarron frowned at this and the others raised objections. "You may hold them hostage in some safe place till morning," He said, "But I shall remain free."

"What . . .?" "No, Yarron, brother, no . . . ," his companions cried.

"That is the way of it," he said loudly to them. "No arguments."

Hilaron ordered his father's stepson, Lucus, to bind the four young men's wrists and ankles. And though they grumbled, Yarron silenced them and watched me taking David more than he bothered with his family. And, "My turn next," he said, as he moved closer to us.

I finally came then, throwing my head back and roaring as I filled David's passage with my seed. When I had withdrawn, Yarron moved up, and taking my place, entered David even more roughly than I had, with obvious enjoyment.

Meanwhile, I pulled Hilaron to me, "No," he said, "we cannot leave them here unguarded." But he didn't pull away from me.

"Pay them now," I said to him, "and let them take David with them, then bar the gates."

"But, the gold is not mine until the morning," he said firmly.

"Then you will have to guard them all night," I replied. "And you cannot do it alone."

"I shall watch them with you," Lucus said, from where he sat watching Yarron roughly plow the man who had so often taken him roughly. "I am glad that I am free of him at last," he said, " and I will make sure he cannot escape. Trust me Hilaron."

David was left tied and fucked repeatedly by Yarron throughout the night.

When dawn broke, the cousins were freed and Hilaron gave them the gold his father, David, had promised them if they had killed Hilaron in an accident during the night. They left happy, taking David, who was begging not to be taken away by Yarron, saying they would leave him at the crossroads.

Once they had gone, Hilaron was almost asleep. But after the gates into the courtyard had been barred behind the departing guests, he assembled the servants and stood before them, tired but proud.

"I am the master here now," he said in a loud, clear voice. "I am of age and have spent a night here as required, and now my father is gone back to his own property. Take heed now of what I say, for I will be a firm but caring master to those who work hard and are loyal to me. But for others, there will be no place for you in this house."

The old cook, Miriam, stood behind the other servants and tears flowed down her face at the news of Hilaron's inheritance, and she was unable to speak.

And when Hilaron had spoken, I put my arm about his shoulders and led him away, back to his bed, and I called Lucus to join us. Shortly after we slept, I admit, for it had been a long and tiring night—but not before I had worked my cock into Hilaron's ass to nestle there while I slept, so I could wake with it full, and hard, inside that sweet channel.

David still owned the farm that had been Lucus's mother's and there was nothing that could be done about that, so Lucus remained. I stayed on at the farmhouse for only the number of days it took to feel I had fed well and rested—and taken all the pleasure I wanted from the two willing men.

Then I was restless and the road to the east beckoned me, and I left the farmhouse early one morning, farewelled by the two contented men, and the household servants, as an honored guest should be. I took the road toward Persepolis after being given a farewell very different from my arrival at Hilaron's farm. And I wondered if it had been the gods, or chance, who had directed me there half a moon before.