 "Do you have your knife?" Goron asked his brother, Joseph.

The brothers were both good looking young men, bronzed by the sun from time spent working in their fertile fields and grown tall and muscular on their land's produce. But they were ambitious also. And eager for wealth, and to show their strength. And on this special day, the two young men had oiled and combed their hair, dressed in their best linen tunics, and were mounted on their donkeys for the short journey that lay ahead. And now that they were leaving the farmyard of their family's home, they could talk freely, being out of earshot of their father and his workers.

"Of course. You think I am a fool? Ha. Though we will not need a knife to deal with young Hilaron," Joseph replied, "It's a good plan that his father, David, has formed."

"Yes. It is. We are going to have a good night, brother—food, wine, blood, and gold," Goron replied, as he laughed aloud. "A very good night. But I won't trust David until the gold is in our hands."

"I don't trust him either. Perhaps we should see the gold before, rather than after, the deed is done. So, do you also have your knife, brother?" Joseph asked.

Goron pulled a long, dangerous blade, which could almost have been called a short sword it was so large, from the belt at his waist and held it up to the sun so it glittered evilly. "See, the sun god knows it shines with eagerness for Hilaron's father's blood if he tries to cheat us," he replied, joining in his brother's laughter.

They rode on a short distance to another stone farmhouse, much like the one they had left, though slightly larger. But not as large as the house where Hilaron and his father, David, and step-brother, Lucus, lived. But like the brother's, Goron and Joseph's, own home, it was still the dwelling of a wealthy farmer and his family.

A servant waited at the gates of the house for the brothers' arrival and took the reigns of their donkeys from them as they dismounted. "Welcome," he said, "Your cousins have been told of your arrival." And as he spoke they saw three young men emerging to welcome them, all dressed in their finest linen robes.

"Yarron, Matthew, and Zanar, we come in peace," Goron cried out in greeting to them, as was the custom.

"And good you do," Zanar joked. "There are three of us, and we can take you two scrawny fools on any day, and win. So I bid you welcome, cousins."

"What? Scrawny!" Goron cried, leaping forward and waving his long knife under his cousin's nose.

"Save it for tonight," Yarron hissed. "Save it for Hilaron and David, and perhaps Lucus, the soft woman that he is."

"Or better still, old Peter. Perhaps we will take his ripe daughter off his hands on our way home," Zanar added, laughing.

"Ah. A poor orphan girl needs protection," Matthew cried out in mock distress, as the five young men joined together in laughter.

"Old Peter's daughter is ripe, true enough, and her father is no real obstacle, dead or alive," Goron added thoughtfully, obviously taken by the idea.

"Lets earn our gold first by celebrating Hilaron's coming of age," Zanar counseled, and the whole group became serious for a moment.

"There should be little trouble there," Goron said, and everyone nodded their heads happily in agreement.

"We agree on that," Yarron said, "so come inside, and we'll start the celebrations, then depart in good spirits," he added, inviting them into the stone hall of the house.

Two manservants immediately came running to them with jugs of wine. They poured it out into a fine silver goblet for Yarron and fine clay ones for his brothers and guests, and then offered the men the goblets of wine and laid out platters of the finest food on the long table between the couches set up in the main hall. "Eat and drink. All of you," Yarron ordered them. "You are my guests." For though Yarron's father lived, he was unable to leave his bed, and the duties of head of the house had fallen on Yarron's young shoulders several years before. "I will tell you that I wonder at David ever giving this party for his son Hilaron. I had thought Hilaron would not live to see this day. He will not live to see another, true, but still it has surprised me."

"If Hilaron had not been at his great uncle Matthias's house when his grandfather died and had not been escorted home by him, with warnings made, I have no doubt he would not have lived this long," Joseph replied.

"Ah, but now fortunately he has upset old Matthias by being caught wandering into the stable with some young man, instead of asking for his granddaughter's hand," Yarron said and then clapped his hands together loudly, "And talking of young men, I have a new entertainment. One I am sure you will enjoy."

A young male servant of no more than nineteen years, and lean and lightly muscled and golden skinned, dressed only in the shortest and whitest of tunics appeared, carrying a jug of wine, and the other two servants quietly withdrew to the end of the room, ready if needed.

"This, cousins, is Salus," Yarron told them, indicating the handsome young man who had just entered and was walking toward him smiling. "And he is very entertaining."

Yarron's brothers murmured agreement as they reclined on their couches, and Yarron grabbed at the short robe Salus wore and pulled the young man to him. The youth appeared to struggle and opened his dark eyes wide in fear, but as he didn't even spill a drop of wine, it appeared he didn't struggle very seriously, though a wary look remained in his eyes.

"Greet my guests, Salus," Yarron growled, one of his hands running up under the man's short tunic.

"Yes master," the young man said. "I welcome you all to my master's house. My only wish is to serve you and make your stay here more enjoyable."

"And greet my brothers also," Yarron added.

"As you say, master," Salus replied, smiling in an enticing way at the group of men reclining on their couches about him. "I greet your brothers," he said.

The men had grown quiet, some having some idea what came next and the others curious to discover what new entertainment awaited them.

"Well, Salus, you may serve us all before we leave for this party we are going to attend this evening."

Salus's eyes opened wide, and he looked worried for a moment. "Serve all those here, master?" he asked, "All . . . five of you big, strong young men?"

It was obvious to all that Yarron's hand had been stroking Salus's manhood beneath his tunic as it now tented the fabric in a most impressive manner and Yarron's other hand was stroking his own weapon, which was also showing it could reach a good size. "Yes. All five of us," Yarron hissed, stripping the linen tunic off Salus, to reveal his lean muscular body, and his hard, erect weapon, which was indeed of a very good size. "Though I think that most of the entertainment will have to wait till we return and have more time to celebrate."

Salus then bent his head downwards, and his hands lifted Yarron's robe to reveal his own hard, erect weapon, which was of an even larger and more impressive length and thickness. The others watched as Salus grasped it and fed it to his lips, while bending over in such a way that all could see his meaty ass cheeks and the crease between them. Yarron reached to Salus's ass and pulled it closer to him as he lay on his couch and the young man sucked and bobbed his head between his thighs.

"This is Salus's greatest asset," Yarron told his companions, as he parted Salus's cheeks and exposed his hole. "He uses it well, and often, and is greatly rewarded for the great pleasure it brings those lucky enough to enjoy it." Yarron dabbed a finger in some oil that was in a bowl on the table and then pressed it to Salus's hole, which opened out easily, so his finger slid right in. "See, well used," Yarron said, "and you shall all have full enjoyment of this treasure when we return. But, my cousins, let me see you take him now, while he feeds on me."

Goron and Joseph already had their robes lifted and were wide eyed and open mouthed, panting and fisting their own rods to hardness as they lay back on their couches. They were lying opposite Yarron and his brothers and enjoying the spectacle Yarron was providing them. At Yarron's order, they eagerly rose up and stepped up behind Salus, jockeying for the first turn at filling his channel with their throbbing organs. Yarron looked on eagerly, also panting, open mouthed and glazed eyed, as not more than a foot before him, Joseph and Goron both added at least one finger to the hole Yarron's still occupied. Salus wriggled his ass and widened his stance, preparing for the fun to come, the fingers digging and rotating inside him, forcing small gasps and moans to escape his busy mouth.

Yarron liked nothing better than to watch a man being plowed by others as he enjoyed him himself, and he withdrew his finger and reached for Salus's own bouncing manhood and his balls and played with them, but cruelly, as Goron pushed Joseph aside, and with one hand holding Salus's cheeks spread, he guided the head of his manhood to the young man's entrance with his other hand. And then he pushed. His organ was almost a hand's length long, but not thick, and it glided easily into Salus's well-oiled channel. He bottomed quickly, grinding his hips against the young man's ass.

"Now. Plow him! Hard and fast!" Yarron gasped, his hand pumping Salus's cock wildly as he moaned at what the young man's mouth was doing to his own weapon. And before his eyes Goron began to pound Salus's ass in deep, long strokes.

Goron came quickly, and Salus spouted his cream out at the same time, but Yarron held himself back. Goron slid out, and some of his cum dribbled out with him. Yarron eagerly reached a hand out and caught it and used it to lubricate his renewed painful squeezing of Salus's balls and softening manhood.

Joseph's weapon was thicker than his brother's and almost as long, so that when it entered him, Salus choked and grunted about Yarron's organ as he sucked and slid it in and out between his lips, and deep into his throat.

Meanwhile Yarron's own brothers, Matthew and Zanar, sat side by side upon a couch with a hand wrapped around each other's engorged rods, as their other hand roamed their chests, pinching their nipples and stroking their bellies, looking on with lust-filled eyes at their cousins taking of Salus, whom they had both ridden frequently already, though he had only been in the house for a moon and a half.

Joseph plowed him longer, but just as hard as his brother had, and Salus was moaning and his tool had reengorged and he came again as Joseph came inside him. When Joseph pulled out, his man juice ran from Salus's hole and down his thighs, and Yarron finally came, after rubbing his hand in it. As he did so, he shot his own seed into the sucking mouth of his young servant and moaned loudly.

For a short time after the five young men sat about and recovered, drinking and eating and talking listlessly. Meanwhile, Salus served them, still naked, and they occasionally fondled him or pulled him into their laps and played their hands over his chest and belly as well as his organ and his big, low-hanging balls.

But finally it was time to depart, for they needed to reach Hilaron's house before dusk, and Yarron sent Salus off. "Be ready to satisfy us all when we return," he said, leaning in as if to kiss him, but then biting Salus on the neck—where several bruises were visible—and laughing. There were bruises also on his flanks and ass. Salus winced at the pain of the bite, and his mouth, but not his eyes, smiled at his master and his companions as they left.

The five had their donkeys saddled and brought from the small stable, and mounting up, they took the road to the house of Hilaron, his father David, and step-brother Lucus.

And as soon as he could, Salus ran from the hall and along the passageway to the kitchens.