 "Come on in. You can take your clothes off in there. I'll be in in a minute." The man speaking was stocky, in late middle age, yet carried a dynamism about him that spoke success, success in everything he did.

The second man nervously removing his clothes in the bedroom of the lavish hotel suite was young, in his middle twenties. He was tall, athletic, some would say handsome, but his anxiety at being in the room concealed anything that was attractive.

The older man shouted into his phone, "What time is the interview the agency set up? Good, I've got time for something else before." He hung up, tossing the phone at the couch. "Alright, you ready?" he demanded as he burst through the doors of the bedroom. He tossed off the robe, the only thing he had been wearing, revealing a substantial erection. 

"Suck my cock."

He stood with his legs spread apart, hands on his hips. The young man, wearing only his boxers kneeled in front the man and nervously extended his tongue. "I said suck it." The older man slapped the young man with his cock. The young man opened his mouth to receive the hard penis. The older man held the younger's head. The young man yielded and began to suck and tongue the cock in his mouth. "Yeah, that's it. Get me really hard, so I can fuck you right." The young man gulped, but kept bravely servicing the cock.

"Alright, let's get at it. Here's some lube, get ready." The older man opened a condom and rolled it over his penis, adding lubrication. The young man pushed down his boxers and applied lubricant to his ass, trying to stretch the opening and push more lubricant inside.

"On your knees," the older man demanded. The younger man knelt at the edge of the bed. The older man approached the bed, his penis waving in front of him. "Got a good set on you, kid," he said, grasping the younger's pendulous testicles. The older man pressed his cock against the younger's ass. The younger gasped. The older continued to apply pressure, the head of his cock popping in. "Oh yeah," grunted the older as he pushed his cock fully into the young man. "Not too long, but plenty thick, huh?" the older said proudly.

The older man began to pump slowly in and out. "Kid, you sure are tight. Feels really good."

"Uh huh," the younger man agreed as he began to respond to the fucking by pushing back to meet the older man's thrusts.

"Yeah baby, ride that thick cock," said the older as he pushed further until he was kneeling on the bed 

"Oh yeah!" enthused the younger man.

The older man began to pump faster, grabbing the younger man's hips trying to bury his cock as deeply as he could. "Oh damn, not so fast," he shouted at himself as he felt his orgasm peak and explode into the condom in the younger man's ass.

Depleted by the orgasm, the older man lay on top of the younger who relaxed onto the mattress. The older man rolled off. "Man that was great. Most guys don't get into like you do. At first I thought you'd never done it before, you are so tight."

The young man turned over. The older man reached down and grasped the younger's balls again. "Really nice set. Good sized cock, too," he said as he stroked the younger man. "And you're better looking than your picture, more clean cut. You'll go far."

There was a loud knocking at the door in the sitting room. "Damn, he's early." The older man put the robe back on, went into the other room, closing the bedroom doors behind him. He opened the door to find a man waiting impatiently outside.

"The agency sent me over."

"Wait a minute, would you? I gotta wrap something up." He took his wallet out of the desk drawer and took out five one hundred dollar bills, stuffing them into the robe pocket.

"You know, son," to the man waiting in the sitting room, "that's no way to dress. You look like a punk or something."

"Look, Pop, we gonna do this or what?"

"Another piece of friendly advice, that attitude isn't going to get you anywhere."

The doors to the bedroom opened. The young man, dressed again in his suit and tie stepped into the sitting room. "Do you want to see my resume?"

The older man looked at each man in the room, and looked again. "Resume?"

"The agency told me to be early, but the man at the front desk sent me up, in fact told me to hurry."

The older man looked confused. Pointing at the young man, he said "If you're here for the interview..."

"That's right Pop, I'm the escort you had the hotel set up," the man said, leaning against the wall.

The older man collapsed into a chair.

"I get paid either way, Pop. So hand over five bills and I'm out of here."

The older man pulled the money from his pocket and handed it to the man. The man gave a wave at the younger man and headed out the door.

The older man sat with his head in his hands. The younger man stood watching him. "Do you want to do the interview another time?"

"My god, my god. I can't offer you the job now," the older man lamented. "What am I going to do now?"

"I'm thinking there's a new position opening up," said the younger man with new authority. "I'm thinking, maybe there's an apartment, some spending money, an occasional trip. Yes, I'm thinking the position of 'boyfriend' has just been filled."

The older man sank lower into the chair. Above him, he heard the jangle of a belt buckle, a long slow zip, and the rustle of fabric.

"Suck my cock."