 Just before the U.K. trip the summer after high school, I learned that Dean was going to be my roommate. I was a little nervous-- I didn't know him very well, and no one else at school did either, from what I gathered. Since he was the drum major for the marching band, though, everyone knew who he was and what he looked like-- he was slim and athletic-looking with blonde curly hair, and seemed very sure of himself-- at least when he led the band. 

He was sort of pretty for a guy, although I'd never thought much about it before; he had large eyes and full, sensitive-looking lips. As for me, I was skinny then, but I'd been working out at home for over a year; I could tell that my legs and butt had gotten rounder, but the rest of me hadn't changed much except to get a little more defined-- I still looked like the "97-pound weakling" from the Charles Atlas ads, though I actually weighed more than that... My straight brown hair was down to my shoulders. 

The plane landed at Gatwick airport the morning after we left Chicago; we got on a coach (bus) that took us to our hotel on a quiet square in a low-rent area of London. The accommodations were typical of most on the trip-- two twin beds right together in the middle of a narrow 'en suite' room. A couple of rather uncomfortable chairs were at a small table by a window looking out on the square, but except for the tea station and a wardrobe, not much else. 

There were still several hours before dinner, so we went outside and walked around. Everything was new to us, since neither of us had ever been out of the country before. The center part of the square was like a large manicured yard and garden, and we walked around in it slowly, taking in everything, then sat down on a bench in the middle of it. 

We'd hardly spoken at all so far, so I asked Dean where he'd gone to school before he came to Park High-- I knew he'd transferred there the year before. He named a school in Champaign-Urbana that I'd never heard of, and then told me 'way more than I expected... 

"My family moved up there to escape some problems, Gerry," he began. "Don't tell anyone, okay? It's not a story I'd want going around." I nodded. "One of the teachers and I got caught having sex at school. He got fired-- he may have gone to prison, but I'm not sure; we weren't allowed to keep in touch. My folks decided to move where nobody'd heard of the scandal, and I wound up going to Park." 

"Wow... Uh, did he-- uh, your teacher-- did he make you do stuff?" 

Dean chuckled, smiling at me. 

"No, Gerry-- it wasn't like that. We were both hot for each other. But since I was underage, he was the one that got busted." 

"Oh," I said, trying to find a mental context where I could hang what he'd just said; I didn't have one. 

"I've been gay since I can remember," Dean continued. "He's not the only guy I've had sex with-- by a long shot. It's really okay-- I'm comfortable with who I am. How about you? Does it make you feel weird knowing that about me?" 

"I-- I don't know..." I stammered. "I never thought about it before... I've never known anyone who's gay..." 

"So you've never thought about having sex with a guy?" 

I shook my head, then stopped... "Well, there was this one time... another kid and I took turns jerking each other off..." 

"How'd you like it?" 

"It was okay... different, I guess... It felt a little better than doing it myself, but not much." 

He smiled. "Let's walk around some more," he said. 

We left the square and headed out into the city, but carefully, making sure we remembered how to get back. There were lots of tourist-type souvenir shops and quick markets as well as restaurants and take-away food places that sold stuff we'd never seen at home. We got back to the room about an hour before dinner. 

"I'm gonna take a shower," Dean said, getting completely naked before going into the bathroom. His cock looked pretty big and his butt-cheeks were nice and round. 'I shouldn't be noticing that,' I thought. 

After he closed the door to the bathroom I heard him laugh. "Correction-- I'm gonna take a bath," he said. "There is no shower." 

He came out in a few minutes, just as naked as he was when he went in. 

Determined not to act intimidated, I got undressed before I went in the bathroom, too. I could feel his eyes on me as I took off my clothes, and again when I came out and got dressed. 

"Don't be embarrassed," he said. "You've got a very nice body." 

"Thanks," I said. I felt myself blushing. 

There were about thirty high-schoolers on the tour in all, and dinner was an hour-long uproar; everyone was talking loudly, excited about being in London-- and away from their parents. 

I realized that I was being unusually quiet, my mind going back to what Dean looked like naked and what he'd said about my body and my self-consciousness. I'd noticed not just his cock and his ass, but the way his muscles rippled in his stomach and thighs... He was attractive-- that is, I actually felt an attraction to him. It was a new feeling for me, and I didn't know what to do with it... 

At the end of dinner, one of the chaperones got up and gave a little speech about being at breakfast at 7:30, dressed for the day with our packed suitcases outside our doors-- and about not going out that night. She told us that she'd be in the lobby until they locked the front door-- just to make sure we all stayed in. 

Back in our room, we turned on the small TV, watching from our beds, but after an hour or so we got bored with the strange programs. 

"Well, now what?" I said. "It's 'way too early to go to sleep," forgetting that we'd been awake all night on the plane; I was too excited to sleep, anyway... 

"We could jerk each other off," Dean said in a quiet voice. 

I realized I'd set myself up. "Well, uh... okay... sure... why not?" 

"So... let's take our clothes off," he said, getting undressed quickly and lying down on his stomach. I followed suit, lying on my front as well; my pulse quickened. 

"Feeling a little tense?" he asked. I nodded, trembling a little. "I'm a little nervous, too. This doesn't have to be weird, Gerry. Why don't you give me a quick massage and then I'll give you one... it'll help us relax." 

"Okay." 

I got on my knees next to his left side and started kneading his shoulders, very conscious of the skin of my leg touching his; it felt good-- firm and warm... I worked my hands down his back, stopping at his waist. 

"Go on and do my butt, too" he said. "I won't tell anyone." 

I was very curious about how it would feel, but wondering how far I should go, was it wrong, etc. I put both hands on his round globes and kneaded and squeezed. They were firm but soft, too, and I felt a pulse in my cock. 

"Ohhh... that's nice," he said softly. "You can do my legs, too, if you want..." 

I did, half relieved and half regretful at leaving his ass behind, kneading his thighs and calves, but then returning to it before working my way back up to his shoulders. My cock wasn't hard, then, by any means, but I could definitely feel it waking up. 

"Okay, your turn," I said, lying down on my front again. 

"Thanks, Gerry... that felt really nice-- it helped a lot... Uh, you don't mind if I do it like this, do you? I'll cramp if I try to do it from the side like you did." 

"Oh... well, okay..." 

He was over me instead of beside me, his knees on the outside of my hips, touching them and pressing inwards; he started working with his hands on my shoulders. It felt really good, and I began to relax as they worked their way down. He did my waist, my ass, then down my legs, then back up-- just like I'd done to him. 

When his hands returned to my upper back, though, he lowered his hips and I felt his stiff cock lying between my cheeks. It slid down through them a little, making me wonder what it would feel like to be fucked by it... I'd experimented a few years before with a candle, but it didn't feel that great; there was that other time in the bathtub with the shower hose, though... 

"Don't worry, I'm not gonna do anything with it," he chuckled, interrupting my thoughts. "I just needed to rest a little." 

He finished with my shoulders and rolled over onto his back on his bed. His cock looked very hard... the head was large, too... 

"Okay. Now, roll over on your back and I'll do you first," he said, getting up on one elbow. 

Still very self-conscious, I got onto my back-- not even close to being hard any more. He reached over, lightly running his fingers down my stomach, then over my balls, then between my legs. I felt the blood beginning to pump in my cock. 

"Open your legs a little," he said gently. I spread them, and his fingers moved between my thighs, then back up onto my hips and stomach before closing around my cock; he milked and stroked, and in seconds it was standing up hard. 

"Does that feel okay?" 

"Ohhhhh, yeahhhhhhh... that feels goooood..." 

"You're very sexy, Gerry... I love doing this..." 

Holding onto my cock, he moved quickly and knelt between my legs. Then, to my shock, he lowered his mouth onto it, moaning as his hot lips and tongue slid down the shaft. I gasped-- it was totally unexpected, and I'd never felt anything like it in my life... My whole body stiffened, my hips thrusting upwards reflexively, unintentionally driving it even deeper into his sucking mouth. He licked, stroked, and moaned as I stared transfixed, unable to move. In only a few seconds, though, it seemed, he pulled away, raising up and looking in my eyes. 

"Your turn," he said, laughing at the look on my face. "But don't worry-- you don't have to do that part..." 

He rolled back onto his bed, cock erect, and then took my wrist and put my hand on it. The touch was electric, and I started stroking it automatically-- the skin was silken, and the shaft was large, hard, warm and smooth. I hadn't forgotten how that other kid's hard cock had felt in my hand the day we jerked each other off, and this was 'way hotter... Dean's cock was bigger, too... Dean slid up the bed-- up on his elbows-- so it was near my head. I kept stroking, unable to stop staring at it. 

"Ohhhhhhhyeahhhh... that feels sooo nice..." he said, rolling onto his side toward me. I had to change to my left hand when his cock moved closer, maybe a foot away from my face; I kept stroking and gently squeezing it, staring at the shininess of the purple head. I felt his hand running through my hair and down around my neck. 

Then somehow his cock was even closer... then closer still... then the head was touching my lips and I was opening them and it was sliding into my mouth... I heard someone whimpering and moaning and realized it was me... Nearly overwhelming thrills rolled through me, beginning with my lips and tongue, rushing through my head and body to my own cock, and I sucked, licked and stroked the large, warm, silky-smooth shaft-- all other thoughts vanishing from my mind... Both of Dean's hands now gently held my head. 

"Ohhhh... that's good, Gerry.. suck my cock, Gerry, suck my cock..." he said softly, almost whispering. Then, suddenly, the warm, exciting thing in my mouth was gone, leaving me gasping and confused... 

"My turn again," he said, pushing me to my back and kneeling between my thighs. His hot mouth immediately slid down my throbbing shaft, and he sucked and licked, gently pumping the base with his hand as he moaned. Then he stopped again, looking up at me. 

"You've got a fucking gorgeous and absolutely delicious cock, Gerry," he said, looking up at me as he licked it. "The head flares out so nice and big... I love sucking it..." 

His mouth went back down on it, and I put my hands in his hair as my orgasm started to rise. I came in a few seconds in a slow explosion that made me see stars, sensation rushing all the way into my scalp, fingers and toes. Dean sucked and stroked until it was completely over, not leaving a drop of come anywhere. When he let my cock go, it was still hard-- it felt like it would stay hard all night. He rolled onto his back again, his own cock in the air. 

I needed no invitation this time, quickly kneeling between his legs as he'd just done with me, hungry to feel his pulsing shaft in my mouth again. He stopped me just as my lips touched the shiny purple head. 

"You can stop before I come and just use your hand," he said. "It's up to you. I'll let you know..." 

I nodded, impatiently sucking him into my mouth as far as I could, my hand stroking what wouldn't fit. He moaned, breathing harder with every passing second as my own pulse raced; the hands in my hair became more and more insistent. 

"Ohhhhhhhh... suck my cock, Gerry... ohhhhh... that's sooo goood... Now! I'm gonna..." 

It was obvious what he meant, but letting his cock out of my mouth right then was not what I'd planned-- I wanted to feel, taste and swallow his orgasm more than anything. I pulled him in as far as I could, sucking noisily, moaning and whimpering as I milked the base of his pulsing cock with my hand, reveling in the warm, salty-sweet taste that suddenly filled my mouth and ran down my chin onto my hand. 

It felt like the nerves in my tongue and lips were somehow connected to the ones in his climaxing cock-- my body rushed and tingled with every pulse of it. As his orgasm ended, he lifted my head, looking in my eyes. 

"That was absolutely amazing, Gerry," he said. "Don't move-- I'll be right back..." 

He jumped to his feet and ran into the bathroom, coming back with a couple of warm, wet hand towels. He wiped my face off first, then our cocks; the warm, rough cloth felt good. Both of us were still hard. 

I fell back onto my bed. 

"Does this mean I'm gay?" I asked, suddenly filled with contradictory emotions. 

He chuckled. "No, Gerry. All it means is that given the right guy and the right situation, you really like sucking a cock. I think that's probably true for everybody, but almost everyone's afraid to admit it." He reached over and started idly stroking mine; his hand still felt incredibly good. 

"Stand up for a minute," he said. 

As soon as I'd gotten to my feet, he knelt in front of me on the floor and sucked me into his mouth again, looking up into my eyes as he did. This time, his hands caressed and kneaded me all over, from my waist to my asscheeks and thighs and back to my stomach, then gently squeezed my balls and stroked my cock. I stared down into his eyes and watched as my cock went in and out of his sucking lips. 

Powerful emotions flowed between us as our gaze stayed locked, like he was saying 'It's our secret: I love to suck your cock' with his eyes; I ran my fingers through his hair. He stood up and hugged me, something I'd never felt from another naked human before; I put my hands on his ass-cheeks, pressing our hips together, squirming a little and feeling his hard cock moving next to mine. 

"Your turn," he said softly in my ear. 

I slid down his body, then sucked his cock into my mouth slowly as I looked up at him. He smiled, running his fingers through my hair. I decided to use words, letting his cock go for a second. 

"I love sucking your cock, Dean," I said quietly, not breaking our gaze. "It's the hottest thing I've ever done..." Then I pulled him in again, amazed at the thrills that shot through me when I said the words, admitting to us both what was really happening. I stayed in that position for several minutes, sucking, stroking, and licking his cock, running my hands over his body while keeping my eyes on his, locked in the moment. He finally pulled me to my feet. 

"Lie down on your side on the bed," he said. "Let's do something else..." 

As soon as I'd obeyed, he lay down facing me, our stiff cocks at each others' mouths. I needed no instructions now as I mirrored his actions, sliding one arm under his waist and grasping his asscheeks with both hands as my mouth slid down onto that warm, forbidden, delectable shaft again. The urgency of our first orgasms over, we sucked and caressed each other more slowly now, neither one in a hurry to come, to make it end. I sucked on the large, ridged head of his cock, running my tongue all around on its smooth surface before sucking it in as far as I could get it. 

I stroked the bottom and the base of the shaft with my hand, milking it as I sucked on the head, luxuriating in the feeling of holding his body, pressing and sliding against him, touching smooth, firm skin with my hands as he did the same. Excitement built with passionate moans and moves, and we came in each other's mouths simultaneously. I swallowed it all that time, completely yielded to the sensations of both our orgasms; it was incredibly satisfying, and I loved it. 

Dean sat up as soon as we'd settled down and separated, reaching down to run his hand gently over my head. 

"Thanks, Gerry... that was wonderful." 

He crawled over to his bed; I was asleep in seconds. 

The alarm went off at six-thirty, and I stumbled into the bathroom, bathing and washing my hair quickly. Dean followed immediately, and we were dressed and ready for breakfast about fifteen minutes early. When we noticed the time, we smiled at each other... I quickly got behind him, reached around and started rubbing his cock through his jeans. 

"Just a quickie," I said. He moaned softly and leaned back against me as I undid his belt and opened his jeans. 

I got on my knees in front of him, taking his already stiff cock in my hand. Then, just like the night before, I sucked him as I stared into his eyes, but this time I didn't stop until he came. He returned the favor at once, looking into my eyes while he sucked my shooting cock. 

As we got our clothes back together, he said, "We need to be careful not to seem too friendly today, you know. Some people could pick up on the sex vibes between us, and that would be very bad. Know what I mean?" 

I nodded. "Oh, yeah-- I hadn't thought of that. Let's not even sit together today, okay? You go down to breakfast first..." 

He left, and I waited a few minutes before following. 

The day was spent getting on and off the bus, seeing the tourist 'musts' in London, finally returning to the hotel just a few minutes before dinner was going to be served. Dean told me to go ahead by myself, that he wanted to skip dinner... and to tell the chaperone that he was okay-- he just wasn't hungry. He said he'd explain to me later. 

When I got back to the room, the door was bolted from the inside; I knocked. 

"You alone?" he said through the door. When I said I was, he told me to wait a second, that he'd be right back; he was, in less than a minute. 

"Anyone in the hall?" he asked. 

"Nope." 

He opened the door, standing there completely naked, his cock half hard and the scent of cologne wafting through the door. I quickly stepped inside, dropping immediately to my knees and sucking his mesmerizing cock into my mouth, moaning. After a few seconds, he got me to my feet and began to undress me, finally kneeling in front of me and sucking me, too. 

His cologne filled my senses, the kind of scent that made all my sexual receptors stand at attention. He let me go quickly, too-- before an orgasm was even on the horizon... He got up, then climbed onto the bed and knelt on it-- back arched, ass in the air. I stared, speechless, my cock throbbing, the round, full globes of his ass in front of me. I'd imagined we might do this sometime, but, wow-- I still hadn't come down from last night... or this morning... 

"Put your hands on my ass," he said. "Feel it. Run your fingers over it... knead it... caress it like you did when we sixty-nine'd last night... ohhhhhyeahhhhhhh... That feels sooo nice... Here-- take this and put it all over your cock... Now get behind me and fuck me... Come on... just put your cock between my cheeks and fuck me, Gerry. I need you to fuck me... I need it. Come on..." 
