 It was a typical Saturday at work for me. I was basically babysitting a computer all day, so I had a lot of time on my hands. Actually, probably too much time in reality. So naturally, since I had my computer there, I put it to good use. 

I pulled up a website, and started looking for a good submissive plaything. My Dom side was out in full force that day, and I wanted someone that wanted to be used and abused. 

After a few minutes, I found exactly what I was looking for. He was a submissive with a leather fetish, and he loved to be used by someone wearing leather gloves. Hmmmmm, I had pair of driving gloves in my car, so I went to get them. Then I shot a quick picture of my leather clad hand, and sent him an email telling him I was ready for him. 

As with all internet hookups, you never know if you'll hear from the other person. Luckily, he obviously was watching his email. He responded right away, asking where I was. I was in his town, so that worked for him. I told him once he came in, he was mine to play with any way I wanted. I made sure to tell him that, and told him if that was acceptable, to be where I worked in half an hour. 

Half an hour later, the door I unlocked for him opened and closed and there he stood. He was shorter than me, and could see he was very submissive a mile away. That was perfect for me. 

I took him downstairs, into the basement. There was a huge room there, with an incredible conference table in it. It was nice and dark too, with just enough light for me to see what I was doing. 

I wrapped my gloved hands in his hair, and led him to a chair to start things off. I ran my hand over his face, then grabbed his chin, forcing his head up. 

"Here's what's going to happen slut. I'm going to use you like a two dollar whore. Which means anything I want, you will do. Do you understand?"

He looked nervous, but nodded. 

"Yes sir. I understand, and agree to your terms."

Perfect. Now it was time to play. 

"Then let's get started."

Pulling a long piece of black silk from my pocket, I blindfolded him right away. Then I stood in front of him, letting his tension build. Finally he heard something. It was the sound of the zipper on my jeans slowly being pulled down. He obviously knew what was coming; I saw him lick his lips in anticipation. 

I reached in, and freed my cock, exposing it to the cool air of the room. I could see her knew what was coming, so I teased him for a few moments. I ran the head of my cock over his lips. He reacted by opening his mouth, and slipping his tongue out to meet me. I let him play like that for a minute or two, then it was time for my kind of fun. Reaching down, I wrapped my hand in his hair. Then I roughly slid cock into that waiting submissive mouth. 

He wasn't bad, he'd obviously sucked cock before. But like most submissives I'd met, he'd never truly been face fucked. So after he was acclimated to length, I started fucking his hot mouth. He gagged a few times on my length, but soon had it down. I watched my cock disappear into his willing mouth, only to reappear wet and shiny. That was great to watch, but I wanted more from my plaything. 

I pulled out and pulled him to his feet. 

"Get down on your back slut. Now!"

He obeyed immediately, and I took off my jeans. Then I knelt over his chest, and slid my cock over his face. He loved that, and his tongue came out to lick whatever he could reach. Perfect, that was exactly what I wanted. I moved slightly upward then, and his tongue slid over my balls. He licked away as I stroked myself slowly, right over his face. 

My balls were good and wet when I decided to go for it all. I moved slightly again, and his tongue slid into my ass. He never hesitated when that happened, he just kept licking away. I love that feeling, and it wasn't long at all before I was way too close to cumming. 

I had to stop him then. I was going for one last thing. I pulled him to his feet then. 

"You're a wonderful little slut. I've got one last thing for you, and something tells me you're going to love it."

I turned him around then, and bent him over the large conference table there. My hands went to his belt, and I unbuckled it. Then the button was unbuttoned, and his zipper undone. He was face down on the table when his pants hit the ground, exposing his ass. 

I reached into my pants pocket, and pulled out the bottle of lube I always carry with me. I lubed myself up, and stepped in behind him. 

I could have been rough and nasty, but I decided to tease him a bit. I slid my cock up and down the length of his ass before I his asshole with the head. I could feel him rocking back slightly, trying to take my cock. But I kept teasing him until finally I said,

"What do you want slut? Tell me."

"I want your cock. I want you to fuck my ass."

With pleasure. And with that, I slid my hard cock into his tight waiting ass. I could have been more gentle about it, but that wasn't what he craved. I heard him gasp as my entire length buried itself in him, then I started fucking his tight little ass. I fucked him hard and fast, and that was obviously what he wanted. His body rocked back against mine, taking every inch of me into his tight hot ass. 

Watching him fuck back was more than u could take, and with a final thrust, I came deep in his ass. I filled him with every drop of cum I had. I could see his body jerk in the dim light as he felt my cum shooting into him. 

He'd been a good little plaything, and he deserved a reward. I pulled out of him, and turned him around. Then I sat him on the table in front of me. 

"You've been s very good slut, and you deserve a reward. Spread you legs."

He did, and I had a great view of his hard cock. I ran my leather clad hands over it's length, and he moaned. Then my hands slipped to his balls, and I leaned over, taking his cock all the way down my throat. 

He was moaning non stop, and I could taste pre cum in my mouth. When I reached up to pinch his nipples, the sensations were too much for him, and he shot into my hot mouth. 

I swallowed all that creamy cum, and then let him recover for a moment. Finally I had to ask. 

"So was this a one time thing, or would you like to play again?"

He thought for a minute and said,

"I'd like to play again, if you want to."

Very nice. I did, so I told him,

"I've already got plans to use you again. Just for your information though, the next time I may bring friends along."

I saw his cock twitch at that, and I knew right then we were in some interesting times.