 Next morning, I woke up hard, dreaming that Dean was about to fuck me... After grabbing some coffee down in the breakfast area, I went back to the room, avoiding the buffet; no one noticed. We spent the day on and off the bus; I skipped lunch, too, but drank a lot of water and pop. We finally got back to the hotel at about five, and I did the enema cleansing like Dean had described the night before. (The water was clear the third time...) Then I got in the tub and washed with the showerhead attachment. 

I didn't get dressed for dinner, even though I was hungry; I kept wondering what his cock would feel like inside me... I wanted that a lot more than food. 

He'd given me something that morning that he'd brought with him- he called it a butt plug; I put it in after getting out of the tub. He said it would help to make me open and relaxed- that he'd used it last night, taking it out right when I got there. I had a little difficulty working it in, even with lots of lube (it stung quite a bit at first), but it felt really amazing inside me just a few seconds later... 

Wearing only my bathrobe, I stayed in the room, waiting for dinner to end, not wanting to answer all the questions I'd get about why I wasn't eating if I went down there. I turned the TV on, but there wasn't anything interesting on it... I began wandering idly around the room, and my eyes fastened on some odd-looking things in Dean's open suitcase that I hadn't noticed before- a package of white thigh-high nylons and a corset. 

Curious, I tried them on. I was amazed at my reaction: I got very hard as soon as the nylons were on my legs, and the addition of the tightened corset raised my pulse and my cock even more. I went over to the full-length mirror on the wardrobe door and stared at myself- from the back, I looked for all the world like a sexy young girl. 'You've got a pretty nice ass', I said to myself, running my hands over it and squeezing it a few times as I stuck it out at the mirror. I put my robe back on to cover the corset and the tops of the hose, and lay back on the bed to wait for Dean, pulling the sheet up over my legs. 

Dean came back a few minutes later, locking the door behind him. 

"Are you ready for this, Gerry?" he asked, smiling slyly. 

"I can hardy wait," I responded, squirming on the butt plug inside me, feeling it move while the nylons stretched on the skin of my thighs. My naked ass was sliding on the rough fabric of the sheet, creating a longing for something inside that it hadn't yet experienced. 

"Come on over here, then, and... Oh, wowww..." 

I'd gotten to my feet and shrugged out of the robe. Dean just stared at me for a moment, obviously speechless. 

"I hope you don't mind that I'm wearing these..." I said, coyly, turning to the side and slowly running my hands around on my ass. 

"Oh my God... If I didn't already want to fuck your brains out, this would definitely push me over the edge... Do I mind? Hell, you can have 'em!" 

I turned with my ass halfway toward him and rolled it around a little. He stepped over to me and dropped to his knees, sucking my already stiff cock into his hot mouth, moaning as his hands cupped my asscheeks, kneading and caressing. 

He finally let me go, getting back up and heading for the bathroom. 

"Gotta wash up... be right back," he said, getting undressed and disappearing inside. 

When he came back out, I was lying on the bed in a come-on pose, half on my side with one leg over the other- just enough to keep my package hidden behind me. I was trying to look like I had a cunt- I knew my ass looked as good as a girl's... 

"Ohhhh... you hot little slut!" he said when he saw me. "Come over here and suck me!" 

I scrambled off the bed and got on my knees in front of him, grabbing his hard cock with one hand as I sucked the head in, moaning uninhibitedly. He held my head gently, fingers going through my hair as he turned my face up to look at him. 

"Are you ready for this thing to go up inside your ass?" 

I let him go, out of breath from excitement and from having his big cock in my throat. "Oh, yes, sir... please, sir," I said in a small voice. "Show me how to ass-fuck, sir..." 

"On your knees on the bed, then, slut..." 

I obeyed instantly, thinking that the word Dean had just tagged me with seemed to fit somehow; I was still panting a little, and I noticed I was trembling. I felt the bed move as he knelt behind me, and his hands began to knead my cheeks again, then they began to gently remove the plug between them. Before I knew it, it was out of me and his lubed cockhead was where it had just been. His warm hands closed around my hips, and I felt his cock start slowly sliding into my ass... 

"Just relax, Gerry... You can push back if you want to... but only if you can do it and stay relaxed... stayin' relaxed is the most important thing..." 

I couldn't stop trembling, mostly from excitement, but there was a little fear, too. Was I going to hell for doing this? I wanted it so badly right then that I didn't care... I pushed back a little, feeling the head and the shaft slide deeper inside; I was breathing harder, my pulse racing now. 

Dean responded by thrusting forward gently, and his cock slid in even further. There was no pain at all, so I pushed back again as he drove forward; it slid into me a couple more inches, the inner sensations getting better and better and even more amazing, increasing with every deepening thrust. 

"How is it?" he asked softly. 

Moaning slightly, I pushed back again, harder this time, still feeling no inner resistance, only slippery movement. I began to twist and squirm on his cock, pushing back, feeling the shaft opening me deeper... deeper. Then, with one last thrust, his hips pressed against my ass as his big cockhead opened me 'way far up inside. I groaned, a low animal-like sound I'd never heard anyone make before. 

"Ohhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhh..." 

You okay?" he asked. 

In answer, I reached back and grabbed his hips, pulling him in even further, opening my knees wider and writhing slowly on the exquisitely impaling pole. Words had disappeared... The feelings rushing through me from his buried cock were far more intense than any orgasm, turning my brain into a logjam of lust. He kept fucking me slowly, and I made several more groans before I was able to speak. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhh... fuck my ass, Dean... ohhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck my aaaaass..." 

I heard him laugh softly; then he flexed his cock inside me, making it raise up and slide in even further. 

"Ohhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." This groan was even lower, more primitive-sounding than the ones before. 

"You like getting ass-fucked, don't you, slut?" 

It was the third time he'd called me a slut. I really liked it- I'd just discovered that I really was a slut who loved having a hard cock deep in his ass... 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." was all I could answer, though... 

"You're too hot, sweetie... with that whore's outfit and your perfectly fuckable ass... and I'm gonna come in it... You ready for me to shoot my come in your ass, slut?" 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh... yeahhhhhhhhhhh... come in my ass, Dean... I want it, I want it... shoot your come in my aaaass... Pleeease... ohhhhhhyeahhhhhhhh..." 

He pulled me back against him hard and held me there, and I could feel his cock pulsing, pumping, spurting 'way up inside me. Holding me tightly by the hips, he turned me from side to side, making my knees press alternately into the mattress and my insides to slide around on his long shaft- he became the driver of a big, slow, slippery screw... I groaned again as the sensations that kept rushing through my body almost overwhelmed consciousness. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck my ass... fuck my ass... come in my aaaaass... ohhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhh..." 

Dean's orgasm didn't slow him down at all; he kept on like nothing had happened- flexing inside me, fucking me very slowly while feeling, kneading and caressing my body. 

"You like how my cock feels right now, don't you, Gerry?" 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... it's incredible, Dean... I had no idea..." 

"You liked it when I called you, "slut", too, didn't you?" 

"Ohhhhhhhhh... yeah, I did..." I said, embarrassed. "I liked it... ohhhhhhhhhh..." 

"If everyone on this tour walked in right now and saw what you're doing- and how much you love it- what would they think?" 

All I could do was moan. Right then, I didn't care what anybody thought... 

"They'd call you a fag, a cocksucker, a whore, a slut, a bitch in heat- and they'd be right, wouldn't they? But just wait- you'll see for yourself... Right now you only suspect that all that's true about you... But I know it is- that down deep inside, Gerry, you're a cock-slut. Whether it's sucking or getting fucked by a long hard dick, you need it, you crave it, and you're gonna do whatever you have to do to get a hold of one- or two of 'em... 

"You know how I know that?" He pulled me back tightly, then released me, causing a tremendous rush to roll through my body, making me gasp and squirm on his cock even more. "Because that's what I am, Gerry- I need to suck cocks, I need to be fucked, too, alone by one, or by two at a time... It's part of me, 'way down in my soul- I need a hard cock in my mouth and one in my ass. And you're beginning to understand just how deep that craving goes..." 

Yeah, I thought to myself- I do know how it feels- the rush when his cock slid into my mouth, the growing lust for that delicious warm, salty taste and scent as I sucked it and stroked the base, coaxing it to come... Feeling the orgasm starting to build in it as it got larger and harder... Then the pulsing and the salty-sweet syrup as his orgasm spread through his body and mine. Yup- that one's out of its box, now... 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhh..." A sudden slick and slippery movement of Dean's cockhead 'way up inside me, driving just a little deeper than before, resulted in yet another soul-filled groan of nasty ecstasy. Then he slowly withdrew, taking it all the way out this time. I looked back, uncertain... 

"Edge of the bed, Gerry," he said, his voice husky with lust; I knew what he meant and got there quickly. In seconds we'd re-lubed and his cockhead was inside my ass again, except now we could see each other. I grabbed his hips and pulled him back in, sighing and moaning as he drove his shaft home in one move. 

I squirmed around on his cock, staring up into his eyes, finally able to verbalize the sensations inside me. "Ohhhhhhhhhhh... nothing in my life... ohhhhhhhh... has ever felt this good... ohhhhhhunghhhhhhhh... fuck me, Dean... fuck this cock-slut... fuck meeeeeee... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

He stayed hard in me for at least an hour; we used a lot of lube and he fucked me in all the positions we'd used the night before when he was the 'bottom'. One of the hottest, though, we hadn't done before- I had both hands against the wall as he held onto the corset at my waist and thrust upwards, driving his cock 'way up into me as I pushed back onto it. 

"Oh, you sweet bitch," he said as I twisted around on his cock when it was deep inside. 

When he came, I was on my back on the bed again, his arms wrapped around my nylon-encased thighs as he stood on the floor; my hands held his ass and pulled him in deep. As he shot, our eyes locked and I squeezed him with my anal muscle while I squirmed and tried to pull even more come out of his cock. 

Afterwards, he helped me take off the corset and nylons and we climbed into the bathtub together, washing each other gently and carefully. He got me to sit on his thighs facing him, pressing our bodies together while he kissed me and slipped three fingers all the way into my ass, moving them up and around while I squirmed, whimpered, and sucked his tongue. We finally got out and into bed then, going quickly to sleep. 

I woke up a couple of hours later, though, feeling very hungry- I hadn't eaten all day... I quietly got dressed and slipped out the door, hoping to find a vending machine with something to eat in it. 

*-*-*-*-*-* 

The desk clerk looked up at me as I came down the stairs- he was about my age and build, with shoulder-length brown hair and piercing blue eyes; his skin seemed very white, almost translucent, making his lips appear unusually red in contrast. I felt sexual electricity between us immediately, something that had never happened with another guy before. Maybe it was because I'd just been thoroughly fucked and still had Dean's come in my ass, I thought... 

"Hi. My name's Gerry," I said as I walked up to the desk, smiling at him. I noticed the clock; it wasn't quite midnight. I'd forgotten all about food. 

"Ian," he said. 

"Haven't seen you before..." 

"My parents own the hotel... I'm working tonight so they could go out." 

"How long 'til you get off?" I asked, deciding to get to the point. 

"In a few minutes," he said, smiling, looking in my eyes, "as soon as Robert gets here to take over." 

"I'm in number twenty-two," I said. "Why don't you come up when you're done?" 

His smile broadened. "Sure. Mind if I bring some weed?" 

"Wow... Of course I don't mind," I answered. "See you in a bit, Ian." 

I went back upstairs, heart pounding. Dean was still asleep when I came in; I sat down on the bed beside him, rubbing his shoulder to waken him. 

"I just invited the owners' son to come up to the room," I told him. "He'll be here in about fifteen minutes; he's really hot, and he's bringing weed." 

Dean's eyes came right open. He got up quickly, pulled up the covers, washed up and rinsed his mouth out. 

"You don't waste any time do you?" he said with a smirk when he came back from the bathroom, putting on his robe. 

"I felt a connection as soon as I saw him, so I took a chance." 

There was a soft knock at the door right then; Ian walked in when I opened it. 

"Robert got here a little early tonight," he explained, looking at Dean. Dean was staring, smiling broadly. 

"Oh, uh, Ian, this is Dean; Dean, Ian." They shook hands slowly, the sexual energy in the room increasing exponentially as they made contact. 'The current won't have any trouble running three ways tonight,' I thought. 

"Gerry just said you were gonna bring some weed- wanna do that right off?" Dean asked him. 

Ian smiled. "Absolutely- I brought it to smoke it... Uh, Gerry, why don't you stuff a towel under the door before I light this?" 

I hurried into the bathroom, stripped and slipped into my robe before returning with the towel; I rolled it up and stuffed it under the door, sat down, and in a moment took a hit from Ian's weed. It was powerful stuff- I'd have been couch-locked if we'd had one. Ian got to his feet and stood behind me, massaging my shoulders. 

"A friendly massage is one of the services we offer here at this fine establishment," he said softly. "Would you like me to continue?" 

"Ohhhh... oh, yes, sir," I said. "Uh, but what are the charges for your service?" 

"In your case, it's free, sir. It's a one-time offer that goes for your friend, too," he said. "Uh... why don't you get on the bed so I can reach you better, sir?" 

I thought, 'what the hell, let's go for it', and lay on my back, letting my robe fall open, my hard cock sticking up, twitching. Ian moaned and dropped to his knees, leaning over the bed and sliding his warm mouth down over it. 

Dean got up immediately, his robe opening, too, exposing his hard cock as he knelt behind Ian. He reached around and unfastened Ian's belt, pulling his jeans over his ass, down his thighs and then under one knee at a time before tossing them aside; he pressed his cock between Ian's ass-cheeks, reaching under him and stroking his cock. 

"You've got a very nice ass, Ian... so white... and round and smooth... Is it okay if I fuck it?" Dean asked softly; Ian moaned extra loud in answer and kept on sucking. 

Dean got up, grabbed the lube, and put it on his first three fingers, working them into Ian's ass one by one; Ian squirmed, rotating his hips. As soon as Dean removed them, he put lube on his cock and started thrusting it gently into Ian's now open hole. 

Ian pushed back onto it, still rotating his hips as the long shaft slowly disappeared between his cheeks, his moans increasing in volume as they dropped in pitch. At last, as Dean buried the last millimeter of his cock in him, Ian hugged my waist tightly, groaning and sucking with intensity. 

"You're even nicer on the inside, Ian," Dean said, launching into a commentary... "And you really get off on havin' a cock in both ends, don't you? Isn't it sweet to be used? I just love fuckin' your little English ass right now while you suck my friend's cock... watchin' you go crazy on it while I'm fuckin' your sweet ass at the same time... That's such a hot thing to watch... So hot... 

"Suck that cock, Ian, suck it... suck it like a cock-slut, sweetie... show him how much you need that cock, how much you love that cock... and I'm just gonna watch you do that, with my cock 'way up inside your squirmin' ass, Ian... 'cause it's a fine ass, my friend, an ass that needs to be fucked again and again... oh, and I can tell- you enjoy sucking Gerry's cock as much as I do... and I love sucking your cock, Gerry... I'd do it right now if I could, 'cause I love the taste and feel of you..." 

Ian reached behind him with both hands, grasping Dean's hips and pulling them tight against his ass, twisting on the slowly thrusting cock. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... that's too good, Ian, too hot... I'm gonna come, Ian... is it okay if I come in your cute little English ass? 'Cause I'm gonna... Ohhhhhhhh... I'm gonna come in your delicious ass... Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

Ian pulled Dean tight against him again, and Dean held Ian by the waist. Ian let my cock slip out of his mouth long enough to look back in Dean's eyes. 

"Come in my ass, Dean... come in my ass... I love it, I love it... come in my ass..." 

Dean's head went back, eyes closed, tendons stretched as both he and Ian stopped moving. You could almost see the ecstatic sensations rushing through their neural networks as they both held still... 

Dean was the one to break the orgasm's freeze, leaning forward over Ian as he began to pull out of him slightly- and then thrust back in. Watching them set me off, too, and I felt my orgasm rising in Ian's mouth, gently fucking it as he sucked noisily. 

"Here it comes, Ian," I said, "I'm gonna shoot my come in your mouth now... You ready? Then keep on... Keep on doin' that... Here it comes... nowww... Ohhhhhhhhhhhhyeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

His hand pumped and milked the base as he sucked and swallowed, looking into my eyes as his hand and mouth worked. 

As soon as we'd both finished, Dean got Ian to roll onto his back on the bed and started sucking him; I kissed him, driving my tongue into his throat at the same time. He came in Dean's mouth in seconds, until cream started running down Dean's stroking, milking hand. 

Afterwards, when Dean slid back up next to us, he and I took turns kissing Ian while caressing and wondering at his soft, nearly transparent white skin. His cock got hard again almost immediately when I reached down and stroked it. It was long- maybe nine inches, with a wide, shiny purple head. 
