 Taylor avoided wearing suits whenever possible, but for the meeting tonight he was told it was expected of him. Reluctantly he'd complied, choosing his best suit, a Zegna that cost a couple thousand bucks, but he couldn't wait to get out of the thing as quickly as possible after the damn meeting. That shouldn't be a problem he thought to himself as he drove to Dylan's. He had his own key and let himself into Dylan's apartment. Dylan lay on the couch, knees bent, reading a book, and he looked up eagerly when he heard Taylor shut the front door.

"Hey," Taylor settled himself next to Dylan and leaned down for a very long-overdue hello kiss.

"Oh, I must be dreaming," Dylan said when Taylor finally let him up for air, smiling as he noticed how Taylor was dressed and recognizing the tie he was wearing, one that Dylan had bought him for some occasion or another.

"What're you talking about?" Taylor was slightly confused by the comment, but more than thankful Dylan wasn't angry that he got back so late from the meeting.

"You know, it's one of my fantasies to be bent over a desk and fucked by a hot guy in a three-thousand dollar suit," Dylan grinned playfully as he sat up, the book falling to the floor, forgotten.

"Is that so? Tell me more about this fantasy," Taylor prompted. He laughed and hoped he didn't sound too drunk, because he really wasn't, just pleasantly buzzed. And horny. Way too fucking horny, but this sounded fun. Dylan didn't just randomly start talking about his fantasies very often, and Taylor wanted to make the most of it. And do whatever he could to turn that fantasy into reality.

"I'm sitting in front of the guy's desk, like it's a job interview…" Dylan started tentatively, and a look of slight embarrassment flashed across his face. He picked up the book from the floor and set it down on the coffee table, obviously playing for time. "And, well, he asks some very inappropriate questions…" he went on, a smile slowly starting to bloom. Dylan looked directly at Taylor, no longer self-conscious. "And then does some even more inappropriate things to me."

"So, Mr. Reese, tell me why I should hire you?" Taylor asked, deciding to turn the fantasy into a game. He went over to the dining room table and sat down—there wasn't a desk so this was the next best thing. "Have a seat right here. I have a few questions for you." Taylor indicated the chair to his left, and Dylan laughed, then went and sat down.

"You're serious?" Dylan asked, before turning the chair so he was facing Taylor.

"So, are you a virgin, Mr. Reese?" Taylor ignored Dylan's question and stayed in character.

"No.

Dylan laughed. "You can call me Dylan. Mr. Reese's my dad or my grandfather."

"Lovely thought," Taylor said facetiously, trying desperately not to laugh. "So, Dylan, do you like cock? Because this position involves a lot of cock. My cock." Taylor unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his pants.

"I love cock," Dylan replied enthusiastically, and Taylor knew Dylan was starting to relax and enjoy their role play.

"What do you love about it?" Taylor aimed for a business-like tone, which was totally out of sync with the topic of conversation, but that made it all the more fun.

"Sucking it, for a start. I give great head," Dylan said with a smile, and Taylor was glad to see he was getting into the game.

"Now would be a good time for a demonstration of your skills." Taylor spread his legs and waited to see if Dylan would obey.

Dylan got out of his chair tentatively, and moved to kneel between Taylor's knees, looking up almost shyly from under shaggy bangs. He reached up to palm Taylor's cock through the fabric of his pants with a look of determination that made Taylor want Dylan even more. Taylor was half-hard before Dylan touched him, and with a few strokes from Dylan's skillful hand, Taylor was fully hard, and he moaned softly. Dylan unzipped Taylor's pants and pushed his boxers down to free his cock.

"You have a really beautiful cock, Mr. Acton," Dylan said with a sly grin, admiring it for a moment before bending down to lick up and down the length.

"You have a very… talented tongue," Taylor moaned and trembled as Dylan's lips and tongue caressed his cock. "I'm sure they'll get along very well."

Dylan's huge hands went around Taylor's waist, pulling him in closer. Dylan's mouth closed around the head of Taylor's cock, and he began to suck eagerly. Taylor tangled his hands in Dylan's hair while he relaxed back into the chair—not the most comfortable location for this, but he barely noticed—enjoying Dylan's skills almost too much. He remembered that he needed to get Dylan onto the desk—this was supposed to be Dylan's fantasy, not Taylor's.

With gentle tug of Dylan's hair, Taylor attempted to get Dylan's attention, but Dylan was too absorbed in his demonstration to notice. Taylor tugged a bit more forcefully, and Dylan looked up at Taylor, mischief dancing in his eyes, mouth still at work.

"This is a little unfair, don't you think?" Taylor frowned. "Let's see what you've got under the hood."

Dylan used one hand to start unbuttoning his shirt.

"Not like that," Taylor remonstrated. "Get up and give me a good view."

"Oh, yeah, okay," Dylan finally let Taylor's cock slip from his mouth, lips shiny-wet.

Dylan straightened then stood up, stepping back a few paces. Taylor could see the outline of Dylan's hard-on, and it made it him happy to see how much Dylan was enjoying this.

Slowly, Dylan began to unbutton his shirt, gazing at Taylor with a mixture of shyness and playfulness that Taylor found as arousing as the way Dylan had sucked his cock. Dylan worked out religiously, and his body was proof enough of that. Every time Taylor looked at Dylan or touched him, he realized how lucky he was to be with someone as gorgeous on the outside as well as the inside. But right now, Taylor was more grateful that not only did Dylan have an incredibly hot body, but that he liked showing it off for Taylor.

Dylan slipped his shirt off one shoulder, and Taylor just watched, enjoying the view as Dylan peeled his shirt off completely and tossed it to one side.

"Beautiful," Taylor took in the well-muscled chest and torso, thinking about running his hands over that body, licking and sucking at the brown nipples. "Lose the pants now," he added, in an authoritative tone.

Dylan bent his head as his hands went to his belt, but he looked up at Taylor with that sly smile. His fingers fumbled with the belt, taking their time while Taylor squirmed involuntarily in the chair, waiting and wanting more of the game, more of Dylan.

When Dylan had unbuckled his belt, he pulled it slowly out of the belt loops, tossing it in the direction of the discarded shirt. Taylor noticed how the heavily muscled chest made Dylan's waist look even slimmer, and how without the belt, his jeans slipped low onto his hips. God, Taylor wanted to run his fingers along those hipbones and blaze a trail with his lips down the faint trail of hair that disappeared into the waistband of his jeans. He was pretty sure Dylan knew exactly what he was doing to Taylor at this point.

Dylan unbuttoned his jeans, and as he began on the zipper, Taylor realized Dylan wasn't wearing any underwear. It made him wonder who had started the game after all, but as soon as Dylan's jeans slipped down his hips, pooling at his ankles, Taylor didn't care. Dylan was hard, his cock long and thick and dark. With one hand Dylan stroked himself, his other hand moving lower to cup his balls. Completely unaware, Taylor mirrored the motion with his own hand on his own cock.

God, he couldn't stand it anymore. Taylor's entire body was on fire. He hadn't realized that now he was still fully clothed while Dylan wasn't just naked, but on display for him, teasing him.

"Just how badly do you want this job?" Taylor nearly groaned, trying to get his mind back on the roles they were playing.

"Pretty. Fucking. Bad," Dylan drew the words out so they sounded incredibly obscene. Taylor thought he could come just from listening to Dylan's voice, and his hand tightened slightly around his cock.

"You think you can work for me, follow my directions?" Taylor asked suggestively.

"Yeah, I can … take orders from you."

"Then come here," Taylor said sharply, and Dylan complied, stepping carefully out of his jeans and walking slowly and gracefully to stand in front of Taylor, his cock practically in Taylor's face.

Taylor pushed Dylan back a few inches and stood up. His pants and underwear slipped down his hips. As he did so, his cock poked out between the shirttails. Taylor ran his hands along the soft smooth skin of Dylan's chest, enjoying the contrast with the hard muscle it concealed, letting a thumb brush against one nipple and relishing the way it made Dylan's body shudder as a tiny groan escaped Dylan's mouth. Taylor let his hands wander lower, taking a firm grasp on Dylan's cock loving the moan that Dylan couldn't contain. He stroked once, roughly.

"Well, Dylan, you have a pretty impressive cock, don't you?" 

Dylan seemed to be speechless as he looked down at Taylor's hand wrapped around him, and he just nodded.

"I'll bet with a cock like that, you're the one doing the fucking," Taylor commented, and again Dylan nodded. "So, let's see if you can follow instructions. Turn around," Taylor said, and as he let go of Dylan's cock, he took hold of one shoulder, and in one smooth move, he had Dylan bent across the dining room table.

Taylor ran his hands along Dylan's back and ass, fondling more than caressing him, appraising his anatomy like he was at a livestock auction. Beneath him, Taylor could feel Dylan shudder and groan at the slightly rough treatment, and he smiled as he thought about what he was going to do next.

"Yes, you've got a sweet ass, too, don't you? I'll bet my cock's gonna like that as much as it likes your mouth," Taylor told him in a playfully threatening tone.

"You mean you're gonna fuck me?" Dylan asked, in mock concern, or so Taylor thought.

"Are you going to tell me you won't follow instructions?" Taylor wanted to be completely sure.

"You're not gonna fuck me into this desk, hard and rough and so deep I won't forget it, are you?" Dylan's tone was hopeful.

 

"Yeah, that's what I was planning." Taylor was thrilled with the way Dylan had told him exactly what he wanted Taylor to do.

"Oh." Dylan sounded as if the thought both excited and worried him, and Taylor knew he was just getting more into the game.

Taylor pulled a tube of lube from his inner breast pocket and set it down on the table near Dylan's hip. He spread Dylan's legs farther apart, squeezing and fondling his ass roughly, treating his balls much more delicately, but still not quite lovingly. Dylan wanted to get fucked, and Taylor was more than happy to oblige. He slicked up the fingers of one hand with lube and began to prep Dylan, gently at first, then more roughly as Dylan grew louder and more aroused and desperate.

Taylor was more than looking forward to this. Dylan usually topped, and that was more than fine with Taylor, because as he'd said, Dylan's cock was not only a thing of beauty, but he sure as fuck knew how to use it. But tonight Taylor was excited about the chance to fuck Dylan without a condom. They'd decided over the summer that they were ready for that step, taken all the tests twice, and there was no doubt that they were exclusive. Just the thought of pushing into Dylan with no barrier between them got Taylor even harder—if that were actually possible.

"I thought you were going to fuck me," Dylan said almost petulantly, as Taylor slicked more lube on his aching cock. He leaned forward and grabbed a handful of Dylan's hair, pulling Dylan's head around slightly so their gazes met.

"I'm the one making the decisions around here, don't forget that!" Taylor's grip on Dylan's hair tightened as he pushed himself unceremoniously into Dylan, enjoying Dylan's gasp of surprise and delight as much as the pleasure that shot through his entire body just from entering Dylan's tight heat and feeling it squeezing around his cock in a whole new way.

Dylan was groaning and pushing back against Taylor as Taylor fucked him roughly into the smooth, cool surface of the highly polished table. They'd purposely bought a table that could withstand something like this, not some delicate piece of wood that would shatter under the sort of sexual antics they'd both planned. This just happened to be the first of what would undoubtedly be many similar encounters.

Taylor was still wearing his suit jacket and hadn't even loosed his tie, and he was burning up. The buttons were probably digging into Dylan's back and the fabric was probably scratchy against his naked skin. It was an odd feeling, being mostly dressed and not feeling Dylan's skin directly against his own, while his bare cock was pushing hard and deep inside of Dylan. Taylor concentrated on those sensations as he listened to the remarkable sounds he was drawing out of Dylan.

"Can you come when I tell you?" Taylor grunted between thrusts when he knew he couldn't hold out much longer.

"Yeah, now, soon, please?" Dylan groaned, his hand reaching beneath his body to wrap around his cock.

"Right… now," Taylor gasped as his orgasm overtook him, and he grabbed onto Dylan tightly. Under him, Taylor could hear Dylan coming and felt the spasms around his own already over-stimulated cock squeezing even more ecstasy from him as he shot hot and hard deep inside of Dylan.

Still lying on top of Dylan, Taylor wished he hadn't come at the same time as Dylan after all. He wanted Dylan to experience the amazing sensation of feeling Taylor's come shooting inside him, the way Taylor when Dylan came inside of him. This time Dylan was probably too preoccupied with his own orgasm to notice the wondrous feeling, but next time Taylor topped, he'd remember to do it that way.

They were both breathing hard, Taylor gasping for air, chin digging into Dylan's back.

"Well?" Dylan craned his head around to try and catch Taylor's eye.

"Well what?" Taylor asked, still not thinking too clearly.

"Did I pass the interview?" Dylan reminded Taylor of their game.

"Oh, yeah. You're hired," Taylor stood up, completely exhausted and flopped back into the nearest chair, nearly tripping on the pants and boxers that were still tangled around his ankles.

Dylan straightened up, turned, leaned down again between Taylor's knees and lovingly untied and removed his shoes, then his pants and shorts. Next, he helped Taylor out of his jacket, tie, and shirt. Neither of them spoke a word, just enjoyed the quiet intimacy as Dylan carefully undressed Taylor.

"You wanna come to bed now…Boss?" Dylan softly added that last little reminder of their game.

"In a minute," Taylor said. "I was just wondering how long you've had that fantasy, since you never mentioned anything about it before." 

"Oh, from about the time I saw you walk in the door wearing a three-thousand dollar suit a little while ago," Dylan grinned mischievously with his million-watt smile. Then he leaned in and kissed Taylor, and Taylor decided he was the luckiest man in the world.