 Disclaimer: All of the characters depicted in this story are a work of fiction and are over the age of 18.

*****

Chapter 1: Anticipation

It has always seemed incredible to me how the mind can take a simple act and elevate it to the sublime. Anticipation of the event can be every bit as euphoric as the act itself. The torment of wanting but not sating can bring the ultimate pleasure. 

For some people it is the unknown that excites and accentuates the experience. The prospect of approaching a stranger and making them a lover. Of letting inhibitions fall with their clothing and permitting chemistry to take over. It is the planning for such trysts that creates anticipation. 

For others heightened eroticism comes from patterned behavior. Little habits that once initiated trigger some deep sub-conscious awakening and start the pulse racing. Engaging in these behaviors creates expectation of what is to come. And so it is for me. 

Though I am married and have been 'straight' my entire life I have always known deep down that I also have a strong attraction to the male form. The thought of running my hands and mouth over a male body and giving in to the need that I feel excites me in ways that I have not experienced in my heterosexual relationships. 

When I feel those unbidden stirrings and my pulse starts racing I fan the flames by searching personal ads for posts that match my fantasies of a male partner. Over the years I have found a number of personals that matched what I was seeking. I agonized over whether to reach out to the faceless posters to finally experience what I have secretly craved; but I always stopped just short of responding. When I could bear the torture no longer my hand would always run down my body and release would come coursing through me, taking over my senses. 

Deep down I realised that I was simply using the ads for titillation, but it frightened me how at the peak of this foreplay my inhibitions would slip away and I would find myself drafting responses to prospective partners and filling them with long-withheld and deeply private wants and needs. 

Over the years, the hard line holding me back from acting had softened and my curiosity to experience what I knew that I desired became harder to so simply dismiss. I would find that when I touched myself it was faceless men that filled my mind with wanton images and brought me to crashing climaxes. The fear of admitting to someone else that I wanted to be with a man and the thought of being unfaithful to my wife kept me from taking those first tentative steps into another world.

I had been battling these thoughts for some time now. After another sleepless night thinking about another faceless form I was painfully aroused and frustrated and decided to call in sick to work. After my wife dressed and left for the hospital where she was a nurse I found myself reclined on my couch, just a hint of chill in the air, trawling through Craigslist. 

Most of the ads were familiar - the same old tired postings from scammers or experienced players. But experience wasn't what I was seeking. I didn't see myself as being into the 'scene', but rather my lack of experience drew me to seek out ads from people with a similar curiosity to experiment. Maybe it was my lack of confidence. Maybe it was a desire to see that uncertainty and craving of the unknown reflected in someone else's eyes. 

I had seen a couple of ads from bi-curious men, but their descriptions of what they were seeking or of themselves didn't gel with what I wanted. Nonetheless, reading the postings was having the desired effect on me. I loosened the drawstrings on my tracksuit pants and exposed myself to the chill morning air in anticipation. God I was turned on. 

It was then that I saw his ad. He didn't want to post photos of his face or give his name for fear of being identified and shamed. His description fitted my fantasy man like a glove. According to the post he was 21 years old, light brown hair, green eyes, slim build, smooth all over, with a tendency to be slightly feminine when he got worked up. He was nervous about reaching out and wanted to get together with an older guy between 30 and 40 who was also curious to see if something would happen. The ad emphasised that he wasn't seeking to rush into anything and if the chemistry was right he wanted to take things slow. 

But it was the picture that he attached of his body reclined on his bed, fully exposed to the camera, that set things in motion. That body was identical in every way to the images that came to my mind each time I gave in to my urges and pleasured myself. The striking similarity scared and excited me. 

I could already feel my chest tightening in the usual way that told me that the endorphins were starting to course through me. My mind was racing, unable to focus on any one thing. I stared at the photo for maybe an hour in the ongoing battle with my feelings. It would be so easy to touch myself, bring myself to climax and walk away from the computer, relieved, but not satisfied. I imagined my hands tracing lines along his smooth body and his on mine; of lips touching skin, lips around...

As the hour dragged on something clicked and I realised that I had to write to this mystery man. The turmoil within me from fighting my desire was crushing me. I had to know. 

I tentatively started to key in a response. I told him that I was 35, of average build with dark brown hair and brown eyes. I spoke of my struggle and the impact that his photo had had on me, and why. I told him that I too was unsure about taking the next step and that if he was willing to take a chance we could meet at my place and see where things went. 

I told him that while I wasn't sure what I would be willing to do when face to face with a real person, I yearned to experience everything and wasn't looking for a quick hook up. On a whim I grabbed my phone and undressed enough to take a picture of my naked body from my abdomen down. I transferred the picture to the computer and attached the image to email. I keyed in my address and told him to let me know if he wanted to come over. 

The cursor hovered over the send button for an eternity. It is one thing to admit these hidden desires to a stranger, but it another thing entirely to be face to face with them. I still wasn't sure whether I was ready to do that. The fear of my wife finding out also stayed my hand. It was agony. Then on an impulse I slammed down on the button committing myself to action and the decision was taken out of my hands. I felt relief, anxious, but strangely excited. Anticipation.

Chapter 2: Submission

For nearly half an hour I sat in front of the computer hitting refresh on my email. I didn't know whether I wanted to receive a response or not. Then it came. The reply was short. He said that he liked my response and my honesty and that what I described was exactly what he was looking for. He told me that he lived nearby and could pick up some condoms and lube on the way, just in case, and would be over shortly. He asked if I could put some porn on to break the ice as he was incredibly nervous. 

And with that it was done. In a matter of minutes I was going to be facing a person who knew the secrets that I had kept buried for so long. I was completely exposed. But through it all I was also relieved that I would finally find out if this was really me or the images were just some kink that I used to jerk off to.

I raced around and cleaned up a bit. I found some porn on a torrent site that I frequented. The video that I chose was of an older guy and a younger guy slowly and eagerly devoured each other. Then I jumped into the shower and cleaned up. 

I had no sooner gotten dressed in something casual and comfortable when there was a knock on the door. I walked over to the entrance with my heart in my ears, the pounding deafening. I opened the door and he was there. He was gorgeous. His face was all soft features, but not feminine. He had short cropped hair and his clothes accentuated his lean frame. 

I stared for a couple of seconds longer than was absolutely necessary. A slight nervous smile creased the corner of his mouth. He introduced himself as Chris and once the introductions were out of the way I showed him in. As he walked past me my eyes took him in from the back. His shorts clung slightly to his firm ass and I had to forcibly lift my gaze as he turned to face me. 

Chris admitted that although he had been thinking about it on the way over, he had no idea how to start. He was visibly nervous, as I knew I was. I smiled and told him that I was in the same boat, but that we could sit together on the couch, turn on the movie and try to relax. In truth, I wasn't really interested in small talk even though I was in no hurry to move to the bedroom. It just didn't seem like we needed to share our life stories or anything like that. 

My mouth was dry from the tension so I grabbed us both a drink and settled down next to him on the couch; not exactly pressed against him but close enough so that things weren't awkward. My heart, which had been running fast enough for the past two hours to clock pole position at Daytona was pounding away as I started the torrent and I wondered whether he could hear it. He took off his shoes and socks as the movie started and sat back in the chair a little awkwardly. 

As with most porn there was limited effort made to establish context for the encounter and what was presented was laughingly implausible. Chris chuckled at the lame story line and I joined him, relaxing just a touch. Then the two actors moved to a worn-looking settee and the older guy started to caress and kiss the younger man, his hands beginning to explore him. The parallels between the fictional scene and the reality playing out in my living room did not escape me and I don't think it escaped Chris either. 

As the action began to get more heated I started to steal glances out of the corner of my eye at the man sitting beside me. His breathing had slowed and was becoming deeper as he sat wrapped in the action. My eyes trailed surreptitiously over his rising and falling chest and strayed down to his crotch which was starting to show signs of his arousal. My eyes were glued to the growing lump in his pants and I could feel my own pants straining in a familiar way. 

On the screen the younger guy had gotten naked, although I hadn't been paying enough attention to know when it happened. The very masculine and chiseled older man was running his hand slowly over the impressive sized cock of the lithe and slightly emaciated youth whose head had rocked back with the sensations he was receiving. 

When the older man bent down and took the rigid cock in his mouth there was an audible intake of air from Chris. He was clearly getting turned on by the action. His cheeks were flushed and his body had relaxed as his attention diverted to the screen. He looked so gorgeous and I knew at that moment that I was ready to see where things went. 

I slowly reached out my hand and placed it searchingly on his thigh. I was scared that he would recoil or push my hand away, but he didn't move and his eyes never left the screen. His skin felt warm in spite of the chill morning and I started to run my hand in small exploratory movements up and down his upper leg. 

On the screen the thin youth was moving into position to get fucked and the handsome 30-something man moved in behind him with his lubed dick and probed the entrance. 

Chris' hand reached over at that moment and tentatively started to match my own movements. The feeling of his warm hand on me excited me and I became bolder and ran my hand up over the leg of his shorts, moving ever closer to his straining bulge. Chris continued to match my movements, our breath becoming ragged. I could see him now looking at the leg that he was caressing out of the corner of his eye. 

My chest was hammering away and my senses were alive and focused on the youth at my side. I was completely oblivious to the moans coming from the film. It was now or never. I knew what I wanted. I knew what I really needed. My hand slowly snaked its way up Chris' pant leg and rubbed slowly over his trapped cock. It felt impressive and heat radiated out underneath my hand. 

I gently rubbed up and down over the bulge as Chris continued to pretend that his attention was on the screen. His hand moving up to my dick belied his true focus. The moment that his hand griped around the straining tip of my cock through my pants my eyes closed and my head rolled back slightly from the sensations. A slight moan escaped my lips providing Chris with an open invitation to explore. He ran his hand firmly down between my legs, over my tight balls and back up over my sensitive cock. Over and over he did this as my own hand explored him. 

I reached up and ran my hand under his shirt and over his firm abdomen, then up to his chest. Our eyes met for the first time. While there was still some uncertainty mirrored in his gaze, there was also lust. My fingers found his left nipple and I gently grazed the nub causing a deep intake of air. I moved my hand to the other nipple and ran my fingers over it more firmly. His grip on my cock became less tentative. 

I slid in closer so that our legs and torsos were touching. He looked fevered and without thinking I turned to face him and brought my lips to his. The first kiss was tentative, but thrilling. It was followed quickly by a second and a third. My hand slid slowly down his exposed stomach to his groin and he opened his mouth to me as I gently squeezed his swollen member. 

As our lips pressed into each other more forcefully and our tongues made contact I gave myself in fully to him. My hands started searching his body almost frantically. I felt flushed and giddy with the feel of this stunning man in my control. Chris slid his hand under the waste band of my pants and rested it on top of my underwear-clad dick and continued to stroke me from balls to apex, over and over. He had me worked up to fever pitch. 

Our kisses had become more urgent. We broke apart briefly as I ran my hands under his shirt and pushed the garment up over his head. He repeated the exercise to remove my shirt. Our lips mashed together again as our hands explored our now exposed upper bodies. I reached down and brushed my lips over his ear, down to his neck and lathed it with soft wet kisses. I moved around under his chin and kissed my way up to his mouth. He returned my embrace forcefully, the urgency increasing. 

I looked him in in the eyes, his unblinking gaze urgent with need. I slid down the couch onto my knees and snaked my hands up under the leggings of the soft fabric of his shorts. To my surprise he was naked underneath his pants. As my hands touched his trapped penis Chris moaned. I ran the tips of my finger along its length, easily 7 inches and thick. 

I was acting on impulse now. All reason was gone, to be replaced only with intense desire. I lowered my head to where the tip of his cock was trapped against the straining fabric. I breathed in the unmistakable scent of his arousal and closed my lips around the covered head of his cock. Chris groaned from the sensation that this created. Though I wanted to stretch out this first encounter I had lost control and just wanted to feel his naked cock sliding into my mouth and over my tongue. 

I reached up and slid my fingers underneath the hem of Chris' shorts and he raised his sexy ass to allow me to remove them. His cock sprung free and stood out proudly like an iron bar as I ran his shorts over his ankles. He was uncut and the smooth skin was drawn taught over his cock head. 

A large drop of liquid leaked from the tip. The masculine scent was heady and I reached my tongue out and barely grazed the tip of his cock, snaking it through the pooled pre-cum. Chris arched his back as my lips pressed gently around the head of his cock and I drew back taking the salty liquid with me. 

He tasted good and I wanted more of it. My lips again formed around the head of his cock and I ran my tongue in gentle circles around the sensitive tip of his penis, coaxing more liquid out. I increased the pace of the laps that my tongue was running around the head of his cock and was rewarded with another flow of hot sticky moisture. 

His butt was moving slightly now with the pleasure that I was giving him. I luxuriated in the torture that I was inflicting on him, stepping up the pace of the circuitous route that my tongue was running over his over-sensitised prick. With his back still arched off the couch he looked in agony, but I knew better. When I thought that he couldn't take any more I pushed my lips down over his rod taking all but 2 inches into my hot wet mouth. Chris groaned loudly and for a second I thought that he was going to cum. 

My hand found its way up to his balls and I gently squeezed them in time with the movements that my mouth was making up and down his hot meat. He was flooding my mouth with his pre-cum as his excitement grew. I had all but the last inch of his cock disappearing into my mouth now, but my lack of experience showed as I gagged trying to force the final bit down my throat. I retreated and lathed the underside of his meat as my mouth retreated up, only to force it back in as I sucked him in with increasing urgency. 

I couldn't take it any more. I needed this gorgeous man to enter me, to take me and make me his. My lips left his cock, the agony written on his imploring face. I crawled up to sit straddled across his lap and whispered into his ear that I needed him to make love to me. I confided in him that I needed him desperately and wanted him to possess me. 

I had given into lust entirely. On a whim I told him that I wanted to feel him cum deep inside me and that if he didn't have an STD he could take me without a rubber as I was clean. He nodded his ascension and reached for the lube that he had left by the side of the couch. 

I kissed him deeply sharing his essence with him as he liberally applied lube to my hole and eased a finger tentatively inside me. I moaned as I felt the invading digit in me, the first time that anyone except myself had done that. 

I had been using toys for years and I knew that I would be able to take him, in spite of his size and girth, but I let him know that I would need to take the lead until he was inside me. Chris removed his hand I took hold of his rock hard cock and angled it from behind to slide along the crack of my ass. Each time the tip of his cock brushed against my anus I pressed down gently spreading the opening bit by bit. The pleasure coursing through me was immense as was the knowledge that I was about give in to the feelings that I had denied myself for so long. 

Chris patiently waited as I gradually prepared myself for him. The tip of his dick was sliding in more easily now, but the mushroom head that sat beneath was still meeting resistance. I could feel the arousal and gentle probing opening me up. I felt amazing. 

I knew that I could press him inside with some effort. I started to gently slide up and down on him, with the tip of his cock moving in and out of my anus. It was delicious. I was ready. I looked deeply into his eyes and told him to take me. He gently raised his hips as I held there and he gradually eased himself forward. 

I felt the resistance that I knew was coming. The head of his cock was larger than I had thought. The head strained against my hole and the pressure built as I was stretched wider than ever before. And then I felt the ring of skin give and he was through and he was spreading me apart as his searing hot flesh invaded my virgin hole. 

My head rocked back as I groaned deeply with the indescribable pleasure of it. He kept sliding further and further into me, impaling me and spreading me wider than I had ever imagined possible. It seemed like it would never end. And just as I had that thought I felt him bottom out as the cheeks of my ass met his groin. 
