 It had been three weeks since I had lost my job and I was getting desperate.  I applied for just about everything but nothing was coming out of it.  Then I got a call from one of the firms I had applied to.  The man on the phone asked me to come in for an interview.  We set up a convenient time and I arrived, nervous but confident.

The receptionist had me sit down and fill out some paper work as I waited.  I had just finished when a man came out of an office and came over, introducing himself.  We shook hands and he led me to his office.  I sat down and we started to talk.  I noticed the door was open but I didn’t think too much about it, as we were far enough away from the receptionist that she couldn’t hear us.  We talked for about a half-hour and then the interview was over.

As I was leaving, the man asked me if I would like to meet him later that day and meet some of his workers.  I readily agreed and went home, wondering what the evening would bring.  I needed the job and I was ready to do anything to get it.  Little did I know what that would entail.

I pulled up to a large home in the hills and rang the doorbell.   The man who I had met earlier that day answered the door and ushered me into his home.  I was led down into a large room, filled with plaques and other memorabilia.  There were three men sitting talking as I entered the room.  They all stopped and turned to look at me as I awkwardly entered and was introduced to them.  I was then offered a drink and told to sit down and make myself comfortable.

After talking for a few minutes, one the men asked me about my sex life.  The question completely caught me off guard and I hesitated in answering him.

“How’s your sex life, the man asked.

My face must have turned red because I stammered an ok and the men all laughed.

“This is part of your interview,” one of the other men said.

“Ok,” I stammered, “but what does this have to do with the job?”

“We’re a family here and we share all our lives and experiences with each other,’ the man continued.  “We have a weekly meeting here and go over the week to see what happening and where we are going.”

I was beginning to wonder what kind of company this was and after being offered another drink, I found out.

The man, who fixed my drink, asked to come over and sit beside him.  I thought that was kind of weird but I did as I was asked.  I sat down on the couch and put my drink on the table beside me.

“Have you ever had sex with a man?” asked the man beside me.  

I looked at him and then the others and noticed they all had bulges in their pants.  I didn’t know what to do or say as I looked at the four men.

“Well, have you?” asked the man again.

“No, I haven’t,” I stammered.

“Since we are all family here, we always share each other too,” he said.

Now I was getting a little scared about where this interview was going.

“We’ll offer you a very good salary and good benefits but you have to fit into our family and share yourself with us,” he continued.  “We have these meeting once a week not only because of business but we include a little pleasure in them, too,” he said.  “If you want to be part of this firm, you’ll have to come to these meetings and participate.”

Now I was really nervous about this situation.

“I don’t know if I can do that,” I said.  “I’ve never had sex with a man and have never had any inclination to have sex with a man either.”

“Well, it’s up to you what you want to do but the job is yours if you want.”
He quickly outlined the job proposal and then stopped and looked at me.  I knew he was waiting for an answer and as I looked around at the other men, I noticed their bulges were a little bigger and they were all looking at me expectantly.

I felt trapped because I needed the job really badly and what they were offering was beyond what I expected but the sex part was a bit overwhelming.  

“Maybe this will help you make up your mind,’ the man beside me said, as he reached across and rubbed his hand against my cock.  I jumped when I felt his hand but I didn’t pull away.  My cock twitched and started to rise.

“It looks like and feels like you want the job,” the man said, laughing.

I grinned warily, “This will be my first time so I hope you’ll take it easy on me,” I said.

“Of course we will,” the man said as he began fumbling with my zipper.  He slowly unzipped my pants and reached inside to grab my stiffening cock.  As he did, I looked around the room and the other men were in various stages of undressing.  I looked at their cocks as they undressed and all of them were large and hard.  As the man beside me got my pants undone and opened them up to get to my cock, I watched the other three start to make love to each other.  

I watched the three of them as one man got on his knees in front of another and completely engulfed his long cock in his mouth.  The third man moved around behind the man on his knees and started licking his ass hole.  Suddenly, I was brought back to the man beside me as he finally got my cock out of my shorts and wrapped his hand around it.  His hand was warm and he started to rub up and down my length, softly talking to me as he did.

“Does that feel good?” he asked. 

“Oh yeah,” was all I could say.

He pumped my cock for a few minutes and then leaned down to take it in his mouth.  I watched my hard cock disappear into his mouth and felt his tongue swirling around my head and licking along my length.  It felt so good that I moved down on the couch and spread my legs, giving him more of my cock as he pumped his mouth up and down it.  This guy was good at sucking cock and had me ready to explode in his mouth soon after.  He must have known it too as he lifted his head off my cock and looked at me.

“You’re enjoying this aren’t you?” he asked.

“It feels good, I stammered, wanting him to bring me off.

“You’ll going to have to wait to come,” he said as he stood up and took his clothes off.  “First, I want to feel your mouth around my cock.”

He stepped towards me and aimed his hard cock at my mouth.  I looked at his hard cock and had an uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach.  I didn’t know if I could suck him and I hesitated.

“Its ok, you’ll like it,” he said.  “It’s like sucking on a lollipop.”

I looked up at him and he must have seen the panic in my eyes.  

“If you don’t want to that’s ok but to get the job, you’ll have to,” he said, grinning at me.

I was trapped.  I needed the job badly but I wasn’t sure about the benefits.  He leaned forward and I felt his hand on the back of my head, pulling towards him.  I felt his cock against my closed lips, pushing to enter my mouth.  I resisted as long as I could until he forced my mouth open and shoved his cock inside it.

“There, that isn’t so bad is it?” he said as he shoved his whole length into me.

“Just relax and let me do all the work,” he said.

He still held my head as he started to thrust his cock in and out of my mouth.  He went slowly at first and then started to speed up.

“Just hold your mouth open,” he said.  “Try not to swallow to soon and don’t gag.”

I did as I was told and soon found myself enjoying the feeling of his cock sliding over my lips as he continued to fuck my face.  He continued for a few more minutes and then just held his hard cock still in my mouth.  I looked up at him and he was standing with his head back, mouth open and was groaning.

“That feels so good,” he said as he started to thrust in and out of my mouth again.

“I want you to taste my come,” he grunted as his cock twitched.  I suddenly felt a warm liquid on my tongue.

“Swallow it,” he said as he held his cock deep in my mouth.  “Swallow it all,”

He was groaning louder now and his come was splashing across my tongue as he spurted his come in long ropes into me.

“Oh fuck, I can feel your tongue on my cock,” he moaned.  “Yes, keep swallowing, it feels so good.”

I swallowed as fast as I could and he finally stopped coming.  As he slowly pulled his softening cock out of my mouth, he said, “There, that wasn’t so bad, was it?”

I had to admit that he tasted good.  I thought to myself that if they all tasted that good, I would enjoy working for this company.  The man stepped back and told me to stand up.  It was like I was in a trance as I stood and let him remove my clothes.  I stepped out of my shorts and let him remove my shirt.  I still didn’t know if I could suck the other men but I had enjoyed the first one so maybe the others wouldn’t be so bad.

After stripping me, he immediately engulfed my cock in his mouth again.  This time it was my turn to groan and as I did, I closed my eyes, savoring the feeling of his tongue licking and swirling all over my cock.  I felt him take all of me in his mouth and felt his head against my groin.  I opened my eyes and looked down at him as he started to pump me with his mouth. 

I looked up and saw that the other three men were fucking each other.  The one on his knees had a cock up his ass as he continued to suck the hard cock in his mouth.  Through hazy eyes, I watched the hard cock thrust in and out of the man’s ass as he groaned around the cock in his mouth.

The mouth around my own cock brought me back to him as I started to come in his mouth.  I exploded into him and watched as some of it leaked out around my cock.  He was groaning softly as he continued to swallow me come.  I spurted over and over again, filling his oral cavity with my seed.  I put my head back and closed my eyes again, enjoying the feeling he was giving me.  When I finally finished coming, I opened my eyes and looked down at him.  He slowly let my cock slide out of his mouth and he stood up.

“Your come tastes great,” he said as he leaned in towards me, kissing me on my lips.  He stuck his tongue out against my lips and I was soon sucking on him as we explored each other’s mouths.  He groaned, making me groan and I was really enjoying what was happening.  We wrapped our arms around each other and continued making out as I heard the other men finishing what they were doing.  I heard a loud grunt and then a moan as they continued fucking.  

We broke our embrace in time to see the men separate.

“I think he’ll take the job,’ the man in front of me said.  “He is good at sucking cock and he tastes great.”

“Maybe I can taste him too,” one of the others said.  “He looked like he was enjoying having his cock sucked.”

“Oh no, its my turn,” the man who had been on his knees said quickly.  “You guys have had your fun for now and it’s my turn to come in his mouth.”

He quickly stepped over to me and pushed me back down onto the couch.  He stepped in front of me and aimed his hard cock at my mouth. This time I didn’t hesitate as I opened my mouth and let him shove his hard cock into it.  He was bigger and thicker that the first man but I soon got used to him and he started to pump his hips back and forth, fucking me.  

“Oh yeah, suck on it you whore,” he yelled as he fucked my face harder.  “Take all of me in your mouth, I want to feel the back of your throat against my cock.”

I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock as he continued to fuck me, holding him so he wouldn’t make me gag.  I could hear the other men close to us as he pumped my mouth. 

“Fuck him good,” I heard one of the men say.  “Fuck him like a whore should be fucked.”

I soon felt his cock twitch and his come started spreading across my tongue.  He spurted his long ropes over and over again, soon filling my mouth as I tried to swallow all of him.  He was groaning and holding my head as he finished coming in my mouth.

His cock, slowly slide out of my mouth as I looked up at him with a grin on my face.

“Well, it looks like we have a new employee,” I heard one of the other men say. 

“I think you’re right,” another said.

The man in front of me stepped back and I looked around at the other men.  They were all hard again and I motioned to the one who was closest to come over and let me suck him.  He quickly moved in front of me and aimed his hard cock at my mouth.  I opened up and took all of him into my mouth and he started to fuck me too.  After he came in my mouth, the fourth man came over and fucked my mouth.  Now I was really enjoying the taste of come and I wanted more and more.

All their cocks were different.  They were thick, hard and various lengths.  They all tasted different too.  One was quite tangy while another was sweet.  After the fourth man had filled my mouth with his come, they all stepped back and I looked up at them.

“Wow,” I said.  “I never thought a man’s cock could taste so good.”

They stood looking down at me with wide grins on their faces.

“We better help him,” one of them said, as I felt a hand wrap around my cock.  It was hard and sticking straight up in front of me as I leaned back on the couch.  I watched a mouth engulf me and felt his tongue swirling around my cock.  Another of the men moved over me and offered me his cock again.  I opened my mouth and engulfed him, taking it all, letting him shove it in as far as he could.  As I was getting sucked, I was getting face fucked again and enjoying it all.

I grabbed the man above me by his ass and helped him fuck my mouth.   He thrust his hard cock in and out until he came in an explosion of come, filling my throat with his cream.  I swallowed quickly and he pulled his soft cock out of my mouth.  Another man took his place and I started sucking on his hard cock as I helped him fuck my face.  He started spurting his come down my throat as I exploded into the mouth around my cock.  I groaned loudly around the cock in my mouth as I splashed my come down the man’s throat.  The man above me filled my throat again and then got off me.  The fourth man came over and shoved his hard cock into my mouth.  I sucked him off again as the mouth around my cock let me slide out of him.

In about an hour, I had 8 loads of come down my throat and I wanted more.  As we all relaxed a little, we talked.

“I enjoyed that,” I said.  “It felt great having come sliding down my throat and feeling a hard cock twitch and explode in my mouth.  I wonder what it would be like to feel a hard cock up my ass,” I wondered aloud so they could all hear me.  I quickly looked around and they were all getting hard again.

I wrapped my hand around the nearest cock and started pumping it.  The other men were playing with their cocks and watching me.  It didn’t take long before we were at it again, someone sucking my cock as I had a cock pumping in and out of my mouth.

After we had finished another round, one of them asked, “Are you serious about getting fucked in your ass?”

I looked at him and smiled.

“Yes I am, so which one of you are going to be the first?” I asked.

I didn’t have to wait for an answer.  I was led to the middle of the room and pushed down to my knees.  A hard cock was aimed at my mouth and I felt a warm tongue, licking and sucking on my ass hole.  After a few minutes, I felt a finger pushing against my hole.  It slowly entered me and I felt an overwhelming pain.  I yelled around the cock in my mouth as the finger slowly pushed up further into my rectum.  I had that feeling in the pit of my stomach again as the finger continued pushing into me.  It hurt too much and I wasn’t ready for the invasion.  I tried to pull the cock out of my mouth to tell whoever was behind me to stop but the man held my head against him.  Finally the finger in my ass stopped moving and the pain seemed to subside a little.  He waited for a minute before slowly pulling his finger back out of me.  The pain wasn’t as bad now and he slowly shoved it back into me again. This time, he started to pump it in and out of my ass.

Suddenly, I felt the finger completely pull out of my ass hole.  Then I felt a cock pushing against me.  It entered my rectum and again I felt the tremendous pain.  I yelled again around the cock in my mouth as the cock slide slowly up inside me, filling my ass.  He stopped when I felt his balls resting against my ass and held himself inside me.  He waited before starting to withdraw his cock.  I felt every ripple along the length of his cock as he pulled it out of me and the relief was immediate.  He stopped when just his head was inside me.  He waited again and the slowly started to push his fat cock up into me again.  The pain wasn’t as great this time but he still moved slowly until his balls were resting again against my ass.

He slowly starting pulling out again and the pain was going away quickly.  This time when he shoved completely into me, it didn’t hurt all that much.  Now he started to thrust in and out of me in short but still slow thrusts.  The pain was almost gone now and he started to speed up in this thrusting.

The cock in my mouth splashed its come across my tongue as the man behind me started pounding harder and harder in and out of me.  I let the cock in my mouth slide out and leaned down a little, raising my ass further in the air, giving the man behind me full access to my hole.  

He was now fucking me hard and fast.  I could feel his head twitching inside me as he pumped and then his hot come was filling my rectum.  It felt so warm and I yelled at him to fuck me harder. He finished quickly and pulled out of me.  I didn’t move.  I felt another man move between my legs and his cock entered me in one thrust.  He was a little bigger than the first one and I felt a little bit of pain.  He didn’t waste any time in thrusting in and out of me hard.  His balls slapped against my ass every time he thrust completely into me.  I was pushing back against him now, wanting him to go deeper.  He came and I felt his hot come in my canal, mixing with the first man’s.  It felt good to have a cock spurting his come deep inside me.

He quickly finished and a third cock plunged up inside me.  This cock was big and fat and he pounded in and out of me unmercifully.  He thoroughly fucked me and I felt his cock spurting his hot come up inside me soon after.  He pulled out of me with a grunt and the last cock thrust it’s way up inside me.  I pushed back against him as he pounded me until he came too.

After pulling his cock out of me, I slumped forward onto the floor.  I relaxed for a few minutes before turning over and looking up at the men.  My cock was hard and straining and I wrapped my hand around it.  The floor was cool against my sore ass as I pumped my hand up and down my cock a few times.  One of the men came over and straddled me, pulling my hand away from my cock and lowered himself, slowly onto me.  I thrust my hips up at him and entered his hole in one thrust.  He started moving up and down on my hard cock, filling his canal.  

“Fuck me,” he yelled as he continued up and down my shaft.  “Fuck, that feels good.  Don’t stop.  I want your come inside me.”

Another man moved in front of him and shoved his hard cock in his mouth.  Now he was being fucked in both ends and I just lay back on the floor and let him do the work.  I came suddenly, exploding up into him as he groaned around the cock in his mouth.  My come started to leak out of his ass as he continued to move up and down with me inside him.  I finally finished and he slowly got off my cock.  The cock in his mouth spurted its come into him as he did and he groaned loudly again as he felt the hot liquid splash across his tongue.

He took the spent cock out of his mouth and turned around.

“Fuck that was good,’ he said.  “You can fuck me whenever you want with that great cock.”

We finished the night soon after and the next day I reported for work.  The four men grinned at me when I came in and I enjoyed the feeling of being wanted by a company not just for my expertise.  I would find out later that this indeed was a big happy family as the receptionist and some of the other women and men would join us for some of the meetings.  Maybe there is a sequel in this.