 Dear readers, the following are one of many true stories from my own personal archives that I dub as 'sexperiences'. There are quite a few chapters to this first story that I aptly named, The Introduction. I was eighteen when I was introduced into the gay/bi scene. Here's how it happened:

I was living in Germany at the time when I just had my eighteenth Birthday and planned a four-day weekend party at the notorious 'Red Light District' in one of Germany's larger cities, Frankfurt. I had been planning this trip for a while and was definitely looking forward to it. I didn't have a car at the time, so I headed to the local train station. Just as I arrived at the station, the train I had planned to catch was pulling out. I quickly looked at the schedule and read that I had over an hour until the next and final train for the evening was to arrive. 

I had set my overnight bag on a bench and pulled out a cigarette when an elder German gentleman approached me. He didn't say a word but indicated that he needed a light for his cigarette. After lightning his cigarette he thanked me in his native tongue and I responded back. He raised an eyebrow and asked if I spoke German. I responded that I learned German in high school, which impressed him. We started a small conversation, which grew into a larger one when I began to brag about my planned weekend. 

I told him that I was heading to Frankfurt to get a hotel room, hit the nightclubs, score and get laid or not score at the clubs and head to the whorehouses and still get laid. This seemed to excite him a bit and he finally introduced himself as Helmut. Upon shaking his hand, he offered to buy me a beer and I thought to myself, 'what the hell, best beer, free beer.' I agreed, picked up my overnight bag and we entered the small pub inside the train station.

Once we got a table for two, we started to drink beer, smoke cigarettes and have an interesting conversation. I learned Helmut was fifty-two years old, divorced but living with a friend who was out of town at the time. Before I knew it, I realized it was late, I missed the last train out and I was a bit drunk. I stood up to leave when Helmut looked at me a bit stunned and asked, "Where are you going?" Then looking a bit firmly at me he said, "You are not leaving. I just ordered two more beers."

I felt a bit awkward and replied in German, "Oh no Helmut, I need to go to the toilet." I watched as a smile crept across his face and he nodded his approval. I felt the floor tilt a bit before I slowly stumbled towards the toilet. I looked back to see if he saw me stagger out the pub's door toward the toilet. He did and his grin grew larger.

As I began shaking the last drops of piss from my cock, I heard the door open followed by uneven footsteps. It was Helmut who came in and stood right next to me, almost shoulder to shoulder. I didn't think much of it at the time and thought he was as shit-faced as I was.

Now my dear readers, I must share an interesting fact with you that will give the title credibility; before my introduction I was straight. I had never jerked another guy or sampled his cock out of curiosity or vice versa. However, in all honesty, I always liked to 'sneak-a-peek' at another guys crotch, just to see what he was sporting. It didn't matter if I were in the shower checking them out or standing next to a guy while he was pissing. I really liked to look and see, but it never occurred to me to drop to my knees like a whore and suck cock. It was my personal secret. 

I waited and heard Helmut unzip his pants. I timed it just right and 'slyly' glanced over. My jaw dropped! Here's why; although Helmut was flaccid, he was extremely thick and uncut! I had never seen an uncut cock before nor one as thick. I caught myself gawking and looked up to see Helmut smiling at me. I turned away embarrassed that I got caught. First time ever! It had never happened to me before and now I was self-conscious that my secret was discovered and to a stranger no less. I stood there a bit petrified; unable to move when Helmut began to cough. He kept coughing until I finally realized that he was attempting to get my attention. I looked over at him and without a word; he motioned with his eyes for me to look down. Sadly, I shook my head no.

I had mixed emotions as a huge part of me wanted to look down again while the other was telling me in a distant and quickly fading voice not too. Helmut was insistent with his eyes; I caved in to temptation and looked down. This time my jaw fell to the floor! Helmut was stroking his cock that appeared to be even thicker now that he was erect. I could not take my eyes away from what I saw; I was completely mesmerized by the way his foreskin glided smoothly back and forth across his thick, bulbous head. Presemen began to form at the tip of his fat erection. I slowly started to raise my head up, even though my eyes were locked on his cock. I finally looked at Helmut who was silently giggling. I panicked, turned and ran to the one and only toilet stall. I dropped a few coins in the slot, opened the door, entered and sat on the toilet.

I sat there more confused than before when I heard him approach the door. He quietly knocked on it as I started to reach up to open it. Before I had a chance to pull the handle all the way down, Helmut had the door open in a flash. He looked and signaled me to keep quiet, entered, shut and locked the door. He turned and faced me. Now his fat, erect cock was now mere inches from my face. I quickly glued my eyes on his cock. He knew what I wanted to see and he grabbed his cock and started to stroke it gently once again. The head of his cock was gleaming from the presemen.

"Grab it." He gently whispered to me.

I looked up at him with a look that he read perfectly. He knew I wanted to grab it and stroke him, but also knew that I wasn't going to make a move. He reached down, grabbed my hand and placed it on his cock. I quickly latched on to it and was surprised by the way it felt so warm and thick in my hand. Instinctively I began stroking him. I could not take my eyes off of my own hand stroking Helmut's gorgeous cock. 

"Suck it." Helmut said in the same whispered tone.

I looked up quickly at him and immediately back down to his cock. He repeated his request when I started babbling like an idiot, "I don't know how too...I never did that before..." and finally, "I don't think I like the situation I'm in." Still stroking his cock.

Then I quickly looked up to Helmut when I heard his voice become a bit loud and stern, "Then explain this to me!" and he pointed. My eyes followed his finger that was aimed at my crotch. When I looked down at my own crotch, I realized that I still had not zipped my pants shut. To make matters even hotter, I was sporting a raging erection myself!

I was surprised by my own erection. At that point, I realized how attractive my own cock looked. It turned me on just staring at my own erect cock, pointing at my own face. Then I saw Helmut's meaty hand wrap around my cock and he started to jerk me off. God I remembered how good it felt. His thick fingered hand expertly stroking my cock. All could do was hold onto his cock even tighter, close my eyes and enjoy his firm stroking. 

Helmut was good. Damn good. He knew how to stroke my cock, fast and hard, then slow and teasingly and everything in between those two spectrums. He knew I was about to cum when he suddenly let go of my cock. I opened my eyes looked up at him, down to my quivering cock and then back to him. He had a lecherous grin on his face. He knew he was in control of me at that point and could get me to do anything his naughty mind desired. 

He repeats his request, "Suck it."

I knew I was being played yet somehow I really enjoyed it, but now it was my turn to play. I looked at him innocently; swallowed hard before I asked, "Suck it?"

"Yeah, suck it." He reached out with his finger and gently rubbed my chin. "Open your mouth and pretend it is a lollipop."

I looked down at his cock, stroked it, carefully eyeing the thick teardrop of presemen threatening to spill on the floor. I had to do something quick so I moved my mouth closer to his cock, slowly opened my mouth a bit and started kissing his cock head over and over again. I kept kissing his cock until my lips were thickly coated with his presemen. I stopped kissing his cock and pulled back and looked up at him.

He was watching me. I kept the innocent look on my face that seemed to melt him. Then he gestured with his finger in a scooping motion near his mouth. I looked down towards my mouth when I noticed a thick string of presemen and saliva hanging between the tip of his cock and my own lips. I looked back up at Helmut as if I had just spilled a glass of milk. Keeping my eyes on his, I raised my finger and scooped the sticky string into my mouth. I sucked on my finger, tasting my own presemen for the first time. Enjoying the thick salty taste I blinked my eyelashes at Helmut who let a small groan escape from his lips.

Now I had played him. I was more than ready to suck his cock and get extremely nasty. Still looking at him, I pulled my finger out of my mouth and opened it a bit wider, moving my face closer to his cock. I could see the look of enthusiasm on Helmut's face as my mouth neared his cock. I opened my mouth wide and covered his cock head. I slowly closed my lips around his cock. I felt the girth of his fat cock in my mouth. I closed my eyes.

I opened my lips a bit more allowing more of Helmut's thick cock deeper into my mouth. I could hear him breathing a bit harder as I continued gobbling down more and more of his cock. I nearly had all five thick inches in my mouth when I felt the swollen head at the back of my throat. I reached up with my hand and wrapped my fingers around the thick base. I held his cock firmly in place as I began to bob up and down on his cock.

Helmut's breathing became a bit louder. He started to mumble in German as I quickened my pace. I could feel my mouth drool as I continued sliding it up and down on his cock. Saliva dripped off his cock as my mouth glided down towards the thick base where I paused before slowly sliding back up. I pulled my mouth back until his head remained in; I slid my hand up and down his rigid shaft stroking his cock. Presemen oozed into my mouth; I quickly swallowed it down.

I opened my eyes and looked up at Helmut. His eyes were tightly shut; jaw clenched. Every now and then he would mumble out something inaudible in German. I kept my eyes on him as I continued to bob on his cock. When I would go deep on his cock, his jaw would loosen and he would let a small grunt escape from his lips. Finally, he opened his eyes and looked down at me. He smiled and winked at me before closing his eyes again.

I returned my gaze to his cock that was glistening from my saliva. I reached around and grabbed onto his ass. I pulled him towards my mouth; I wanted more of his cock into my mouth. I pulled him hard feeling his cock head tapping the back of my throat. I sucked harder; I fed on his cock like a hungry baby does to her mother's breast. I kept sucking, bobbing up and down, stroking his thick tool. Helmut started to buck his hips against my face. I knew he was about to cum.

Helmut was a gentleman. He bent over at his waist and whispered that he was about to cum. I guess he thought I would pull his cock out of my mouth and stroke him to orgasm. I did the exact opposite and clamped my mouth even tighter around his cock. I kept bobbing up and down until he came. And cum he did!

He exploded extremely hard and deep in my mouth that I gagged a bit. I regained my composure as he shot another thick glob into my mouth. It seemed that he would not stop cumming and that I could not swallow fast enough. He came so much that some seeped out of the corners of my mouth. He jerked a bit as he finished cumming. I continued sucking on his cock. I wanted more; I didn't want to stop; I was craving cock!

Gently, Helmut pushed my head away from his cock. He slumped against the stall door. I reached for him, but he held my greedy hands at bay. I watched as his cock became quickly flaccid and his gorgeous foreskin covered his thick head once more. Helmut started to zip up his pants. I kept my eyes on his cock as I reached for my own zipper.

I looked down as I felt something sticky. It was cum, but I didn't remember Helmut cumming other than in my mouth. I looked a bit more and realized it was my own cum. Sometime when I was giving Helmut head, I had an orgasm myself, even though I don't remember when. 

I stood up to pull my pants on. That's when Helmut whispered something that to this day still blows me away. He told me that he had to shush me a few times when I was giving him head. I asked what he meant by that. He explained that from the time I started kissing his cock until he had to push my head away, I was moaning and at times a bit too loud.

I felt my face flush. Helmut extended his hand towards my face and whispered, "Don't get me wrong, I loved to hear you moan," he smiled at me then, "but here is not the ideal place. If you desire, you may come home with me and moan as loud as you like."

Needless to say, I never made it to the Red Light District in Frankfurt that weekend. But that is another story.