 We had corresponded via email for months, writing of our fantasies and of what we would do to one another if we had the opportunity and then, suddenly, the opportunity presented itself. He was in England, I, in the United States and it had appeared as though that was the way it was meant to be. Then a conference of writers was announced that would be within driving distance of where he was. I told him of the conference but didn’t mention that I was planning to attend. He said it was too bad that I wasn’t going to be there because he was sure that he could make it a memorable conference indeed. 

Nothing further was said, except in the context of fantasy and that was erotic to say the least. In the weeks prior to the conference, I set up a reason for me to be out of town that week by telling him that my sister, who is quite a bit older than I, was quite ill and I would be at her home most of the week. He sympathized with me and wished her well. I told him that I thought that I might be able to access some email but I wasn’t sure so I would send him an address where I could be reached. 

I was fraught with anticipation as I boarded the plane and settled in for the long flight. It was difficult for me to concentrate on my book but I did manage to get some work done and cover a few pages of a critique that I was working on. As we prepared to land at Heathrow, my nerves were such that I detected a few drops of pre--cum in my shorts. I was glad that I was wearing jeans. There wasn’t much likelihood of it being visible. 

Customs took forever and I had too much time to worry. Would he be home, would he be upset, and most of all, would he be disappointed? I began to think that I had made a horrific blunder and thought seriously of re-boarding the plane and returning to my real world. How could I have made such mad assumptions?

Finally, I’m clear of customs and in a taxi, headed for my hotel. No cheap hostel or side street dive for this man, I had decided. No, I would take him to my bed in one of the best hotels in town. I would dine him and bed him in luxury. That’s the way it should be.

I paced the floor for hours, trying to get up enough nerve to send him my invitation. “God, don’t let him be away,” I said aloud, as I plugged in my laptop and booted it up. It had been an easy matter to arrange for the internet service through the hotel concierge. I logged on and checked my email at home before my sweaty fingers typed out the announcement and invitation. I gave him my room number and phone number and told him that I was anxious to meet him in person. Then I paced and waited for his reply. 

Hours later, I had heard nothing and I tried to accept the fact that I had been wrong to assume that this is what he would want. I set about getting my paperwork ready for the next day’s opening at the conference, going over my list of appointments and things that I wanted to achieve. It’s important to be organized so you don’t spend a lot of time in needless and useless scrambling to get from point A to point B in the small amount of time allocated for these things. 

There was an excellent restaurant in the hotel and that was where I had planned to take him but as it worked out, I went to dinner alone. The ambience was magnificent and the service outstanding. My drink arrived promptly and the order taken efficiently. I sipped at the drink and looked out onto the street in front of the hotel to see the people scurrying by. I had no idea what he looked like so he could have stood in front of the window and mooned me without me knowing that it was he that I was being excited by. 

A rather nice looking chap came to my table and asked if it were all right if he joined me. I accepted his company gratefully, not wanting to dine alone. He handed me a business card and I turned it over. He smiled as I looked up at him and truly looked him over. Quite attractive, actually and nicely built. I suddenly remembered that I was by no means equal to him in appearance, being older, and heavier, but his smile told me that he didn’t care. He seemed happy to be there. 

There wasn’t much conversation, just the usual tourist type stuff, with references to the conference and the hotel. We ate quickly and declined the offered after-dinner beverage. I slipped a key card into his hand very discretely and excused myself after signing the tab and billing it to my room. 

A few minutes after I arrived, I heard the key card in the latch and the snap as the lock sprung free. The door opened and he stepped in, closing it quietly behind him. I waited as he walked over to me and we sat down on the bed. It was awkward, to say the least in that we had never actually met. I took his hand and looked into his eyes and saw the lust that I knew was in my own eyes. He tentatively placed his hand on my thigh and moved over me. The warmth and strength of his first touch forced a moan from my lips and taking that as encouragement, he moved over me, each time finding me more anxious for his touch. 

He pushed me back on the bed and reached over to unfasten my belt and unhook the slacks, before sliding my zipper down. He reached in and I felt him against my cock as it began to harden to his touch.. Without pretense, He slid my trousers and boxers off, freeing my tender cock to his eyes. I had told him that I was not well endowed but he said that he liked what he saw. Quality, not quantity, he told me as he reached out to take me in his hand. He cupped my balls and moved a moist finger over the swollen knob, as my hand lay on his arm. 

He rose to strip off slacks and boxers, letting me see for the first time that while I was not that well endowed, I was somewhat larger than he. He told me that he feared that I would be disappointed in him, even though he had told me of his size. I reached up and took him in my hand, pulling him to me. His hot tongue reached out and touched me and I felt my little cock jump in pleasure. In short order, he had me moaning my appreciation as he climbed onto the bed to lie next to me. He bent to take me into his lips then, licking the purple globe and down to the puffy bottom before moving his tongue over the split as he spread it with his fingers. My hands were on his shoulder as he moved over me, taking me completely into his mouth and inhaling my ball sac. The feel of my cock on the back of his mouth was heavenly and I could hardly wait for his first taste of my milky offering. Up and down the shaft, he moved, sucking me back into his throat with each thrust. He pulled free and licked the shaft and balls before once again mouthing my anxious cock. 

I felt the approach of my climax as did he but then he backed off a bit, waiting for it to pass before once again plunging down on me, milking me with his mouth, sucking out the first taste and then it was there. I groaned and fired once, twice, thrice and many times more as he sucked it deep into his throat and swallowed every last drop. I hated it when I softened and slipped from his lips but I was spent. He reluctantly released me, and then licked of the last few drops, milking me down with his fingers to be sure that he got the last drop. He was magnificent. What a perfectly beautiful climax. I was weak, but grateful.

We lay together, our naked bodies intertwined, unspoken desire washing over our bodies. I touched him and forced the skin back, bringing a grateful groan from his lips. Without a word, I moved to blow my hot breath over his balls and pubic hair before licking every square inch of his beautiful little cock. He was digging his fingers into my back by the time I slid my hot lips over the head and began slowly moving it further into my throat with each thrust. My hand cupped his balls and gently kneaded them, exciting him to great levels. Even with his cock buried in my mouth, my tongue swirled over the swollen knob and I felt his body prepare for his first climax the man from America. I milked him as expertly as one could ask and when he couldn’t take it any more, I continued milking his juices until he could give me no more.

Without asking his blessings, I rolled him onto his stomach and separated those beautiful cheeks to find his tender button. My tongue slid down the canyon walls and rimmed his puckered opening. He tasted so good, I wanted to eat him whole. I took his balls in my hand as I licked him. He moaned and I was inspired to go further. I licked my finger and pushed against his hole several times before I allowed the tip to slide into him. I fondled his balls tenderly with one hand as my finger penetrated him and slowly slid in up to my knuckle. He groaned as I moved in and out of him and continued to fondle his balls. I added a second finger and a third as he grunted in pain with the third. He opened then to take all three in deep strokes. He raised his hips and slid pillows under him as I spread his legs wide before slipping between them. I pulled the condom over my hungry cock and covered it generously with lubricant. Then I approached his waiting, hungry ass and slipped into him. 

For a short time, I left it there, just the head inside, moving just short of withdrawal before reversing direction and pushing into him. Each thrust became longer and in short order, my balls were slapping against his ass, reaming him as deep as I could get. He begged me for more and I did what I could by spreading his ass cheeks wide. He arched his back to enhance his pleasure and I changed position to change the angle of attack. There was no way to stop the oncoming climax, nor did I want to. With several final plunging thrusts, I filled the condom and held to him, pulling his hips into my body, not wanting to let him go.

He rolled over and I dropped down on top of him, my limp cock lying between us. We embraced each other before I slid down to suck and nibble on his nipples. At that point, we got up and showered. I couldn’t resist the temptation so I knelt to lick the water from the head of his cock and got a creamy face wash for my efforts. We toweled off and crawled into bed, holding to each other. I asked if he was disappointed but his smile answered for him. We slept that way until the light of dawn awoke us. For the longest time, we just explored each other’s bodies, touching, kissing, tasting and enjoying. It was as though hour minds were as one as we slipped into a sixty-nine position and brought each other to ball blowing climaxes before getting dressed and going down for breakfast. 

Did I wind up getting reamed in the ass? Did we do anything special to each other? Only my cyber lover and I know for sure and if it is to be told, I’ll leave him to do so. As for me, I have a new reason for loving England. That is, unless he goes elsewhere and then, well, we’ll see.