 You greet me in your 3pc pinstripe suit, as I walk into your office, showing me to a seat in front of your desk, you perch on the edge of your desk pulling up a trouser leg as you do, revealing a ribbed sheer silk sock clad ankle.

You start your questioning of me, however I can't take my eyes of this gorgeous man in front of me, are you teasing me? 

As you move your hand seductively stroking your legs, as if to clear a speck of dust, my cock hardens in my boxers, you must see it as I cross my legs to try and hide my ever-growing bulge, is that a bulge in your groin as you slip off the desk?, my god there is a snake in your trousers, removing your beautiful jacket you ask if I'm ok with the heat as it is rather warm, I mumble that I'm okay, my cock growing by the second as I take in the sight of you, your black pinstripe suit jacket is lined in the most beautiful hot pink silk, you place your jacket on the back of your chair.

As you return to the front of your desk you pull down on your waistcoat smoothing it out, but also ensuring my eyes are drawn down to the bulge in your trousers. 

You ask me to look at a report on your desk, Oh no my silk boxers are not tight, sure enough as I stand my bulge juts out in my trousers, you smile but don't say anything. Looking at the report you come in close pointing out some facts but also allowing our bodies to touch.

Your cologne filling the air, so sweet and seductive fills my nostrils, intensifying my heightened arousal, you look into my eyes as you brush a hand down the back of my jacket, I breathe deeply, inhaling more of your scent, my head reeling, you continue sliding your hand down and across my suited arse, complimenting me on my suited attire.

I step back unsure of your advances, you smile as you reach forward gently fondling my bulge, your eyes never leaving mine, god your touch is so gentle, so arousing, feeling no resistance you undo my zip slipping your hand into my trousers, you tease my silk clad cock out, dropping to your knees you begin to lick my hardon, teasing me with the slightest of touches of your tongue and lips, my cock strengthening from your efforts, you move to the tip of my cock and begin to slowly swallow my silk covered cock, what a gorgeous feeling as you slowly engulf my cock before you move back up and then down my shaft your throat tightening and relaxing around my shaft.

Eventually I have to pull you off my cock, you have taken me so close, I pull you up, leaning forward I seek out your mouth with my own, we kiss passionately our tongues exploring I taste myself on your lips, I slip my hands down your back the silk of your waistcoat so cool in our heightened state and then your trousers tight over your arse, I squeeze, it feels so hard and firm under your trousers, my cock pulses against your own hardness, arousing our passions higher.

I decide to take control, breaking from our clinches I push you back against your desk, stepping back, holding my cock I slowly stroke it as I drink in the sight before me, your face flushed, you look so hot your crisp white shirt, pink silk tie, black pinstripe waistcoat, matching trousers with a lovely bulge in them and black patent leather shoes.

I stop stroking myself and reach forward to caress your body allowing my hands to run up and down your body, appreciating the luxurious texture of your suit, slowly getting closer to your hardness, but not touching it, bending down I run my hands up and down your suit clad legs slowly, teasingly, running up the inside of your thighs, missing your cock but allowing my hands to creep around to your arse where I squeeze and tease seeking out your hole.

Moving around to the front I undo your belt, your buttons and unzip your trousers, holding them in place I slowly grind my hands into your groin feeling you hard beneath your trousers, slowly I open your trousers revealing black silk boxers and your hard cock straining at the silk, damp with your pre cum, pulling your trousers further down I reveal to my delight garters and sheer ribbed silk socks.

I remove your trousers over your shoes, drop to my knees, then run my hands up and down your legs feeling the silkiness of your socks, giving my own cock a huge surge of excitement, reaching up with my mouth I seek out your hardness tasting your precum, I greedily pull on your arse pushing your silk encased cock into my mouth, allowing my tongue to tease your shaft, my hands now seek out your hole with urgency, my fingers probing thru the silk, you gasp as I insert a silk clad finger up your arse, pulling my head tighter onto your cock, you plead for me to fuck you!!, inserting another finger I start to fuck you with my fingers, god you feel so good.

Pulling out my fingers and releasing your cock from my mouth I stand up, turn you round, what a sight semi suited, I pull up your shirt exposing your silk clad arse, I can't resist, grabbing your silk clad buttocks I hungrily knead them spreading your cheeks, stretching the silk, my own cock, so hard, I free it from its restraining silk, I push it against your crack, you gasp begging me to fuck you, pulling hard on your shorts the seam splits allowing me access to your hole, licking my fingers I easily slide in, so easily I immediately push my cock forward, you gasp and lean forward on your desk, lifting your leg I ease in my cock you plead for me to fill you up, I start to push in further and deeper, feeling the warmth of your hole, your anal muscles tightening and relaxing around my shaft, until I'm ball deep in you, holding there, your ass now full of my cock, stretching you, I ease back out, only the head still in you.

You beg me, whimpering, to fill you again, to fuck you hard. Slapping your buttocks with my hand, I remind you that I am in charge and that you will only get fucked, when I decide and that if you do not behave you will be made to ... , slapping you harder, I hold my cock just inside your ass, repeatedly you beg for me to fuck you, every time you do you receive a harder and harder slap.

Eventually, between your sobs, I hear the magical words, please "Sir Fuck Me Sir!!"

Ramming my cock deep into your ass I begin to build up momentum pistoning in and nearly out of your arse. In between my thrusts you thank me for filling your hole begging me to fill your worthless ass with my seed.

Getting close to erupting I pull out of your very red looking arse, pulling you up from the desk and turning you around, I then push you back and up onto your desk, lifting your legs up onto my shoulders exposing your gaping hole, feeling your silk socks against the sides of my face , I pull you towards me, allowing my hard cock to again enter your arse, this time though I push all the way in, pulling your buttocks hard towards me and stop.

Admiring the sight before me, your cock so hard sticking out from your torn silk boxers, I lean forward unbutton your waistcoat, grabbing your pink silk tie I pull on it hard, making you raise your head up and towards me.

I tell you to start wanking, you oblige with vigour pumping your shaft hard, as you pump I start to fuck you hard, still holding your silk tie, I ensure you watch me pumping hard into you.

Feeling you tighten as you start to reach a climax , my own climax not so far away, I pull out and watch with delight as you spray your cum all over your waistcoat, shirt and tie moving around the desk, I start to wank furiously, using your silk tie wrapped around my shaft, using your cum and my own pre cum as lube, you move your head, tongue seeking my cock, just as you reach my cock I erupt, spewing my cream all over your face and glasses, I tell you to lick me dry, you do with such vigour, thanking me in-between your licks.

Placing my now clean and semi hard cock back inside my trousers I adjust my attire, ensuring I am again presentable, unlike yourself, sprawled across your desk, trouser less, waistcoat, shirt, tie and face covered in spunk, socked legs akimbo, ripped sodden boxers and a deflating but still gorgeous cock sticking out.

I start to leave, turning back as I reach the door I say, "I hope you'll be in touch regarding the position" as I exit your office...