 There was hermit on the island that lived in his cabin on a hill. He to wore the traditional loincloth and enjoyed the island's ministrations. His name is Matt and this morning he was eating his breakfast of cereal and juice, his usual breakfast, outside of his cabin. He did this to enjoy the sunshine and sea breeze that would come up his mountain. He did not mind visitors; he enjoyed the quiet more and he did have frequent guests come up for a visit. He often traded with the local fishermen that would tell him of the community's events and when he needed to come down to participate in the lottery. He was chosen several times to participate in the below ground facility. 

When he finished his breakfast he leaned back in his chair and relaxed a bit more before he would go work in his garden. He moved his loincloth to one side to allow the breeze on his 13' cock. He knew that this would attract the island's attention. The usual tingle came up from the ground and he smiled knowing what was to come. He felt two tentacles come up out of the ground and work their way to him. He felt one reach his testicles and started rubbing them. The other attached itself to his cock head and slide up and down on the hardening shaft. 

Matt moaned a little enjoying the sensations the tentacles were giving him. He spread his legs a little so that he could relax more. This also gave them more access to his cock and balls. They squeezed his balls together and pulled slightly on them. The one tentacle was stroking his cock and then clamped on the cockhead to apply some suction to accept his cum. It slid down his cock shaft and swallowed all of him. Matt moaned and almost came right then but knew how to hold it and the other tentacle pulled on his balls to stop any climax. After a time the pressure to cum relaxed and the tension was gone, he relaxed and his cock did give some pre-cum, just enough but not too much. 

The tentacle that was working his balls moved to his ass and his hole. He widens his legs even more to allow the access easier. The tentacle worked its way to the ring that would open the hole to allow access. It reached the puckered nut and moved in a circular pattern as it moved forward into the hole. The hole relaxed as a secreted lubricant was applied that would widen it more. It moved passed the sphincter and into his ass further. It stopped to allow Matt to get used to the size and intrusion. It then expanded its girth and produced more lubricant. The suction on Matt's cock was increased and the pumping was at a quickening pace.

"Don't get too greedy now." Matt moaned.

This produced a distraction to the increased size in his ass as the tentacle started moving in and out slowly at first and then picked up the pace. As he was being fucked and sucked by the tentacles, he pinched his nipples that provided more pleasure. He bore down on the ass tentacle and started fucking it like a real cock; he knew it would be only a matter of time before they would come in him and he into them. The tentacle in his ass expanded more as he could feel the bulge of cum make its way into his ass. It slid out at the same time and came on his balls.

"Make me cum." He asked.

The suction increased and he released his load into the tentacle as it milked him more. He felt the tentacle explode into his ass, filling him with its cum. He was exhausted and could barely move as the tentacles released themselves and started to clean him up. He must have drifted off as he woke up sitting in his chair with a semi-hard cock almost ready to go again. 

"Time for a shower and I have to get going down to the market," He said to no one in particular. He showered and soaped up his body in outside shower, he installed one like this so that the island could participate if it wanted to. Both he and the tentacles would need a rest for a time, but he had chores to do, as he was sure the island had a few as well. 

Matt walked down to the center with his vegetables for the market. He saw a few people that he knew and waved to them. Just because he was, a hermit did not mean he did not have friends. Seth and Greg came over to talk with him, he enjoyed their company and in more than a few times their bodies. 

"Hello Matt, how are you today?" Seth asked.

"Doing well, I trust your time within the facility was something you'll never forget."

"I will never forget that for as long as we live. I enjoyed it immensely." 

"He came back with renewed vigor." Greg mentioned with a smile.

"I am sure your cock had something to do with that Greg." Matt said with a smile. 

"I can't resist him on all fours pulling weeds."

All three smiled and walked on into the center. Both Matt and Greg had vegetables to trade. They had tables next to each other and setup ready for the day. Meanwhile Seth went to the fish booth, his catch earlier that day was bountiful and others were very interested in the fish. Seth made for very good deals and some great trades. He met up with Greg and Matt who were both holding sacks of goods and were ready to leave.

"Get your fill guys?"

"Yes, did you?"

"Yes, and then some. We're invited to a party at Paul and Ray's tomorrow night."

"They throw great parties, you'll have a great time," Matt said.

"They wanted us to invite you too, Matt, will you come?" Seth asked.

"Sure I'll make it. I need an excuse to try out the new punch I came up with anyway."

They parted ways and said their goodbyes knowing that they would see each other the next evening. Matt stayed a bit and stared at Seth and Greg's asses. He noted that their asses looked exceptionally tight today. He turned as his cock noticed that as well and he walked to his mountain cabin. He had in his mind to shower to get the fish and dirt smell off him. He was excited to go to the party, which he knew would go into the next day.

He was cleaning himself and washing the soap and dirt off himself when he heard a commotion going on down the trail to his cabin. He hastily got his loincloth on and with water dripping off him he ran down to see what it was and saw two guys on the trail. One was rubbing his ankle and the other was looking around for help. He saw Matt and waved him down. Matt came running and said, "Hi, seems you guys had some trouble here. Let me give you a hand. You can rest up in my cabin here for a bit."

"Thanks, my name Gary and this is Joseph. He sprained his ankle it looks like." Gary said.

"Yeah I missed that last step and fell."

"Well, I'm Matt and I live up on the mountain. C'mon my cabin isn't too far."

He reached down, helped Joseph up, and placed an arm around his neck, Gary did the same and they helped Joseph up to the cabin and into a lounge chair.

"I'll get some ice and something to prop up that ankle." Matt said as he went into his house to get the ice.

He came back with a blanket and an ice pack. He placed the blanket under the ankle and the ice on it to help with the swelling. He looked at Gary and said, "You must be tired and overheated a little. You are welcome to take a shower to clean up a little and get refreshed. I will take care of him. I have some ice tea made and it will be ready when you're done."

"Thanks I could use a shower and some tea." Gary said as he made his way to the back of the cabin.

Matt brought out the tea and a washcloth and soap basin for Joseph. Joseph sat up for the drink that was handed to him. "Thanks, I could use a drink."

"Also and a nice cloth bath, I'll take care of that for you. I don't want hear any arguments either." Matt said with a smile.

"No problem there. I'm too tired and sore to stop you."

Matt started at his ankles first and gently moved the soapy cloth over Joseph's dark skin and rubbed up and down the leg to soap it up. Then he wrung out the cloth and wiped off the soap. He could tell that Joseph was enjoying this attention, he cock responded by rising up a little. Matt made his way up his legs to the hips. He then went to his chest and started there washing off the dirt. He inhaled Joseph's scent, which was musky and very arousing. Matt's cock was growing as well and his breathing became slow and deep.

The cloth slowly scrubbed off the dirt and sweat from his chest. Matt made his way to his abdomen and the muscles there. He rubbed the cloth there and he noticed the loincloth was getting in the way.

"Well we'll have to remove that to go any further." Matt said.

Joseph untied it and slipped it off, his cock was now free, he was sporting a semi-hard cock, and it was growing fast. Matt took out some lotion that he used to help with aching muscles and other situations that need a lubricant. He placed a little in his palms, rubbed it into his skin, and then stroked Joseph hardening cock gently.

He was stroking the cock in his hand, when they heard Gary moan from the shower. Matt said, "The Island must have found him in the shower."

"Gary always strokes himself in the shower, sometimes too much and the Island notices."

With that, Matt moved his hand down the shaft and to the region in between the balls and ass. He pulled on Joseph's balls as he made his way to the hole that under them. His forefinger found the hole and it was a little dry so he placed a dab of lotion on the finger and placed it at the hole. He started to move the finger in a circular motion working it into the hole. It started to relax and he moved further inside. Joseph moan as the finger made its way inside him and he instinctively reached down to find Matt's dripping cock. Joseph squeezed the balls so that Matt did not come right away. Matt changed his position from beside Joseph to in between his legs. Taking care of the ankle, he went down to suck on the cock in his hands; he tongued the balls as he stroked the cock gently. He continued to move his finger further into Joseph's hole, taking time to brush the prostate gland. Joseph almost screamed as the orgasm hit, but Matt was holding his balls so he did not cum. He spasmed as his whole body contracted.

"Wow that was mind blowing. Can I cum now?" Joseph asked, almost pleading.

"I'm not done with you yet." Matt said with a smile as he devoured the cock in his hands. 

At that, Matt felt something at his ass, looking back, he saw that Gary has positioned himself behind him and was pushing his cock forward. "I couldn't pass this up" Gary said. He forced his way through Matt's sphincter and in his ass deep. He paused a bit and then started to piston himself into his ass. Matt did notice that a tentacle had come up and was sucking on his cock, while Gary was in his ass. It was taking his cock deep into itself. He knew that this meant it was intent on milking him dry.

Matt decided it was time for Joseph to cum and hard. He looked up and said, "Ready to shoot the moon?"

"Oh yes, make me cum."

After that, Matt smiled and sucked harder on Joseph's cock, Joseph started to buck his hips up into Matt's waiting mouth. Gary pumped faster and harder in the ass he was fucking. Joseph came when Matt pushed on his prostate one last time. Matt took all of his cum in his mouth and spilled out of Matt's mouth. He felt Gary pull out and shoot up his back with warm cum. This triggered Matt to cum into the tentacle attached to his cock. He to spasmed as he came hard into the receptacle and it milked as much as it could from his cock.

They moved after a while and made it to some chairs as the tentacles attached to them to clean and lubricate their bodies. They even healed Joseph's ankle to point that he could walk on it. It still throbbed a bit though. They sat there recovering in the afterglow. It was getting dark and Matt sat up, "Well guys what do you have planned for the day?"

"We're not sure yet. We had finished our daily chores already and wanted to walk around. Then he hurt his ankle." Gary said.

"So our day is wide open." Joseph piped in.

"Feel free to use the facilities. I have some work to finish up as I just came back from the market center and to get some fish in the smoker and cut up some vegetables for dinner. So the question is will I be having two more guests or just me?"

He stood up as Gary and Joseph made their way to the shower. He went inside and decided to make some tea for everyone. He placed the full carafe on the table with some glasses. He watched them in the shower; they were kissing deeply and stroking one another. Gary was cleaning out Joseph's ass, when Matt said, "The shower head come off and you can focus the water to pulse if you want. It'll help cleaning out hard to reach places." He smiled.

Gary took the showerhead off the hook and really got into that beautiful ass. Joseph moaned and began was dripping precum again. He stood up and turned towards Gary kissing him, "Your turn."

He took the showerhead and spread Gary's ass cheeks as wide as he could and placed the showerhead into position. The pulse setting opened the hole a little and got in there really well. Gary spread his legs a bit and the force of the water opened him up more, so much that the soap bar went inside of him. It was cleaning inside his anus and then came out again. This got Gary's cock to dripping as well. "We'd better stop before we trigger something." Gary said with disappointment. 

They made their way to patio area, where the tea was sitting. Matt was there drinking some tea. "You looked like you were enjoying each other. I did not want to intrude. Your loincloths are hanging out back. I washed them for you and they are drying now. Tea?"

They each took a glass and sat down feeling a little uncomfortable with their semis hanging down. The chairs had a hole in them in about the same area, as one's hardening cock would be. "Just put your cocks in the hole and you should feel better sitting down. I built those so that the tentacles would have easy access when they need it. I found that gave them easy access to my ass and cock with little adjustment on my part. Standing while I am being ravished is fun but it is hard on the legs."

They did a little shifting and their cocks fit perfectly through the holes. "That is a great idea Matt. Now I feel really comfortable." Gary said.

"As I said earlier you are welcome to say the evening, however tomorrow evening I have plans. So I will not be here."

"We appreciate your hospitality, Matt. We understand and it is getting dark. I wouldn't want to trust my ankle to the hike down the hill," Said Joseph.

"Then it's settled. Three for dinner." Matt exclaimed. 

"We can help with setting the table," Gary said.

"Just relax now and drink your tea. I think you will like it. It should help with regeneration."

At that, the island did respond to Gary and Joseph's hanging cocks. Two tentacles came up and engulfed the dripping semis. They gasped a bit, the suction took them by surprise, and they put their tea down on the table.

"I see that your cocks got the island's attention. Just relax and let it do its job. You may want to shift forward a little so it can fuck your ass." Matt said as he got up. His own cock was dangling as he walked into the cabin. They moved forward for easier access to their holes. 

The island took advantage of the situation and two more tentacles came up and slid in their waiting holes. The tentacles widened the ass cheeks by going in and then inflating a little to spread them. Their holes became accessible then and the tentacles made their way forward. They made a circular motion at the hole, lubricating as they moved forward. They entered with a popping sensation and stopped for a bit as they inflated to expand the entryway. 

Matt came back out to watch the scene, he liked to see his guests being ravished by the tentacles. He sat down, placing his own cock in the hole and moved forward a little. At that point, the island shot up two tentacles and secured Gary and Joseph's arms to the arms of he chairs. 

"Don't worry about that, it's to make sure you don't slip out of the chair," Matt said to their alarmed faces.

They went back to enjoying the thrusting and sucking motions. Matt smiled as he watched the scene, his own cock hardening. The tentacles continued their actions with renewed vigor and thrusted further into their asses. The tentacles expanded in their asses for more room and a fuller sensation. Then they moved in and out in a rhythmic fashion with each time going in they went further inside them.

Matt was enjoying the scene; he started stroking his own cock. It was leaking pre-cum so much, that the island took notice and sent a tentacle up to clamp down on his cock sucking it hard. He smiled as Joseph's hips bucked as he started cumming into the tentacle as it drained him. Gary came as well and it looked like he would not stop.

Matt came with them and gave all he could to the island's tentacle. The tentacles cleaned them off and stroked their balls as they relaxed in the chairs. They ate what was on the table to replenish themselves as the tentacles receded into the ground.

"Well it's time for us to rest for a bit. I have a nice big bed to sleep in. We should be comfortable in it." Matt said.

Once they were able to walk, they made their way to the bed. Lying down in the bed, Matt was in the middle as Gary and Joseph were on either side. They fell asleep this way and slept all night.