 Some friends and I decided to go to party island, it's a little island out in the middle of a remote lake its very isolated and no one goes there except the horny young folks brave enough to make the hike then the row out to it. I had decided that I was going to have one last hurrah with my friends before we graduated college and headed out into the world. I was the brains in the group as they would call me but my name is Brian, there was Jake the stud who got every girl on campus to fall for him, and Rob the jock who pretty much kept to himself unless we were around. 

We had all met our first day of school, we were roomies in the small dorm room they put us in. after awhile we all became good friends hanging out together, getting drunk, and trying to get into as many skirts as possible.

We rowed out to the island with our gear we had planned on staying for the long four day break from school. We had brought plenty of beer and food, a tent, sleeping bags, and an ax to cut firewood. We set up camp a little bit off the water so it wouldn't be so cold at night with the wind coming off of it. After we set up we chopped firewood and built a great fire. 

Rob set up the fire ring and began to cook up some of the meat and beans we had brought with us, popping open a beer and swigging it down. We ate heartily and sat around the fire, drinking and telling tales of the last conquest we had had. 

Jake was going off into to wild tell about this girl who sucked his cock so hard that he had a red ring around it from where she sucked so hard. He went into detail about how she let him fuck her in her ass, how tight it was when he first pushed inside, he said he felt like he was fucking a new virgin and that it was the best fuck of his life.

We all sat and listened as he told us about how she sat on his cock with it still in her ass and how she groaned with each thrust like it hurt so bad she couldn't stand it but she kept wanting more and more. He said she kept yelling harder, more, more. Just listening was making my cock swell and making me squirm in my seat. I put my hand in my pocket and grabbed my cock and tried to stroke it with out the others knowing what I was doing. My cock was so hard at listening to Jake ramble on about this girls ass, I thought I was going to cum right then and there.

Then I looked over and I saw Rob was doing the same thing, our eyes locked for a moment and then we hurriedly looked away. I excused my self and head for the tree we had all agreed on as the pissing tree so everyone could avoid walking there. But I went past the tree and headed for a little passage that was near, there their was a rock I sat down and I let loose my straining cock and began stroking it wildly I had to cum it was too much hearing all that Jake had said. 

I guess I was so lost in my stroking I didn't hear Rob walk up on me, I looked up and he was standing nearly in front of me just watching me, so I continued I figured if he was into it, it didn't bother me. I looked up again and he had taken out his own cock and was stroking while watching me. We looked at each other I guess it was a mutual thing he walked forward and before I knew it his cock was in my mouth. I sucked his cock deep into my mouth as far as I could, licking up the side of it and down the other, I began stroking it wildly as I sucked on the tip. I could hear him moaning and groaning at my efforts.

I couldn't believe what I was doing, this was one of my best friends and here I was sucking his cock deep into my mouth. His hand was on the back of my head encouraging my mouth . In the next moment he was pushing me off his cock and I was laying back on the rock and he took my cock into his mouth the feeling was incredible it was nothing that I had ever felt before. I gave him much encouragement by moving my hips thrusting my cock into his mouth, then his hands were exploring my body I felt his fingers probing my ass, it tingled at the thought that he was even there. I moaned loudly as his finger pushed past my sphincter I the feeling was so amazing I wanted to feel more. I pushed him off my cock lifted my legs to his shoulders and allowed him access.

He moved forward his cock poking at my ass then he pushed forward with a simultaneous groan his eased into my ass. When he had pushed all the way inside he held still for a moment, we looked at each other in amazement. He leaned in and we kissed tentatively at first then he became more passionate, as we kissed he began thrusting his cock in and out of my ass. 

The feel of his cock was unlike anything I had ever felt before, I never thought I would love having a cock being shoved up my ass but the more he pounded the more I was liking it.

He pulled out of my ass I stood we kissed and then he turned me around he then entered me from behind. I thrust my ass on his cock as hard as I could it was so hot, unlike anything I had ever felt with a girl. Our hands were touching where ever they could reach, I am not sure how long we were there but it seemed like forever when I stood, turned around and wrapped my arms around his neck and began kissing him with reverent passion.

I felt him pick me up and place me on his cock I wrapped my legs around his waist and began riding his cock with furious intent. I was close to cumming when Rob growled in my ear. "I'm cumming." My cock erupted between us. 

We held onto each other my legs still wrapped around him, laying kisses on bare skin. As we came back down to earth as it were we separated and began to get dressed.

"I think it would be best to keep this to ourselves," I said as I turned to look at him.

"I believe your right, but it was hot wasn't it?" he said stepping in and wrapping his arms around me.

"I have never done anything like that before, I hope you know that. I am not gay or at least I doubt that I am gay. Have you ever done it with another guy before now?" I asked as he rained kisses over my neck.

"No I haven't done it before either. I doubt I'm gay either because I love the taste of pussy but then again your cock tasted damn good too. Who knows what we are but it is best to keep this between us. Besides I want you all to myself," he said leaning in to kiss me.

I returned his kiss holding tightly to him, we then knew we should be getting back to camp before Jake came looking for us and saw too much.

Walking back into camp Jake was slurping down yet another beer, he would be dead drunk before too much longer and be passed out. The fire was dying and we helped Jake to the tent and zipped him up tight.

I laid in my sleeping bag just staring at the tent wall, sleep would not come for some reason, most likely because Rob was so close and I could hear his steady breathing as he slept. My cock began to rise and I couldn't help but to slide my hand down to my cock as hard as a rock and began stroking it slowly. 

I kicked off my cover and laid out on my back my cock straight up with my hand stroking it intently. I looked over at Jake, still sleeping. When I looked over at Rob his blue eyes were watching my hand move over my cock. I smiled and he moved over to my bag. His mouth was instantly on my cock. My mind exploded with euphoric eroticism. 

I turned my body and we were in 69 position and sucking each others cocks with all the fury of mad men. I could not get over how amazing it felt to suck his cock and for him to be sucking mine. Eventually I sucked and kissed my way up his body until I was straddling his waist and aiming his cock straight for my hole. I slowly lowered myself on to him and then began riding his cock, stroking my cock as his cock disappeared into my ass. 

I was so paranoid that Jake would hear all the commotion and wake up. But I could not help moaning each time his cock hit home, we tried to keep it down as much as we could by kissing. Rob then rolled us over and my legs were drawn up over his shoulders and his cock began pumping in and out of my ass and my hand stroked my own cock furiously. 

My cock was near to exploding when we both heard the same noise at the same time, we looked over and Jake was groaning as his cock erupted cum all over his chest. He had been watching us and we had had no idea.

We looked at each other shrugged our shoulders and continued on as we could not hide what was happening now, Jake then moved over to us and began stroking my cock as Rob continued to fuck my ass.

Again he rolled me on top of him and was riding his cock, Jake was standing over the top of Rob and I was sucking his cock, it was fast hardening as I continued to suck his cock as Rob hammered his cock up into my ass. He slowed and I ground my ass on his cock, Jake moved around to the back of me. Then I felt him probing his cock at my ass as well, then he pushed the head of his cock inside with Rob's. 

OMG, it hurt so bad. But it also felt good, he waited for a few minutes the pushed more of his cock inside. It's a good thing we were alone here the sounds coming from the tent would have the law there in seconds thinking someone was being killed or something. I got over the pain and the pleasure began, their cocks were driving hard into my ass. Our moans, groans and screams were filling the night air.

Rob stated first that he was going to cum, then Jake and lastly I was so ready to cum. We separated and laid a side of each other in a triangle and began stroking one another's cocks. Writhing violently we began cumming together. Breathless and panting we laid back and let ourselves calm down. It was a while before anyone decided to say anything.

"I feel like a dip in the lake, anyone else?" Jake said as he stood looking down at us.

"Sure my ass need some cooling down," I said trying to break the unsettling silence.

"Sounds good lets go," Rob followed Jake and I down to the waters edge and we waded out into the cool water. 

The cool water felt really good on my worn out ass. I don't know what the other two were thinking about but I was unsure of what this all meant. Gay not gay, bi, who knew. But I liked sucking their cocks, and it felt good to have them deep inside of me. We played around out in the water for a while until the water began to feel too cool. We jumped out of the water stoked up the fire and added some wood.

The next morning things felt a little strained no one knew what to say to each other or how to act. I didn't regret what happened at all, but I was unsure of how the others felt by the way they were acting.

We ate breakfast and decided to row back to the mainland and hike up the mountain. The trail was steep but we made it to the top of Grover's Point in about 2 hours. We ate a packed lunch and drank stream water from the thermos. Rob was the first to mention the previous evening.

"Do you guys think we should talk about last night?"

"We can if you want but I think last night defies words, it was the most amazing night I have ever had. I don't regret what happened and I hope you guys don't either," I said.

"Its nothing to regret I agree, but what do we do now?" Rob said.

"I don't know, it depends on what we think this is all about. I think its about sexual energy that got out of control. But no I don't regret it either," Jake chimed in.

"Out of control is right, but would we want it to happen again is the question?" I said looking at them. 

"I don't know, I guess whatever happens, happens," Rob said.

"Lets head back it will be dark soon we don't want to have to cross the lake in the dark," I said packing things up in the backpack.

We got back to camp just as it was getting dark we started a fire and set up to cook a hot supper. I took off to the lake to take a bath. I stripped down and headed into the water with a bar of soap. Lathering up my body and rinsing off I washed my hair. I turned around and Rob was coming in too. I rubbed the soap into a lather in my hands and began washing his back, his skin was so soft I rubbed the soap over his back, sides and down his arms. He turned around and I rubbed my hands over his chest and he did the same to mine. I bent down and began sucking on his nipple. 

He put his hands on my shoulders, I looked up at him and he wrapped his arms around me pulling me close, and kissed me passionately. My mind and body was a buzz of sensations, I was unsure of how this was going to affect my relationship with my friends. It had started out easy enough, but kissing Rob made me realize this was something deeper more meaningful. But I was afraid to say anything for fear of losing them forever.

We exited the water and headed for the tent, we dried off and Jake, Rob and I began yet another hot night. We laid in a triangle and each of us was sucking cock, touching one another and exploring each others bodies.

I slid my cock into Rob's ass while he sucked on Jake's cock, his ass seemed to cling on to my cock like it didn't want to let go. I slammed my cock into him and heard him moan as his mouth was full of cock. I widened his legs out and held onto his feet while watching my cock slide in and out of his ass. 

Jake came around behind me and began licking my hole, he held onto my ass as I pounded Rob's ass. He slid a finger in my hole as he licked down my crack and on my balls. He moved behind me then and his cock entered my ass, I held still for a moment as he settled into my ass. I continued moving in and out of Rob's ass while pushing Jake's further and faster into my own.

Eventually we laid down spooning and fucking each other for what was good part of the night. We held onto each other kissing, touching and moaning into the night.

In the morning of the last day we sat down after a good breakfast and began what would be one of our last conversation. We all agreed no one would talk of what happened on the island, no one would continue on with what happened on the island back at school. We agreed it was no ones business but ours. 

I knew though that being around Rob and not touching him was going to be hard, it was going to be hard for all of us seeing as we live in the same dorm room. 

We packed everything up and put it into the boat, we looked around the island one last time, I looked at Rob he smiled slapped me on the back and hopped into the boat. 

We got back to the dorms about 8 o'clock that night we slipped into our own beds alone and fell asleep. For several weeks after we avoided being around each other. I couldn't take it anymore and put in for a transfer to a different dorm on the other side of campus, Rob left right after graduation his father died and his mother needed him at home to help with the family business. Jake went on with his male whore ways, though I heard he knocked some girl up not sure what will happen now. 

When I think about those days I remember feeling how lucky I was that my first time with a guy was with my best friends, I called Rob out of the blue last week, he's coming to see me soon. He sounded as excited as I was when I asked him if he wanted to go to the island for a getaway.