 Closeted guys are the horniest. They will deny their nature until they're blue in the face. But I have to tell you that getting fucked by one can be mind blowing. They take all of their frustration and repressed desires out on you and I am more than ready to take anything they'll dish out. 

College was when I first found myself to be the straight man's whore. His name was Ethan. He was tall, broad shouldered with very dark features. Everyday I'd go back to my dorm after class and jerk off to the thought of him. What would he do to me given the chance? My hopes didn't get too high because he had a girlfriend and I figured he was just another straight, douchebag football player. Then out of nowhere, he asked me if I could tutor him. I was doing great in our Organic Chemistry class, but apparently he wasn't. He had never liked math or science. He told me he was only taking the course because his father insisted.

After a week of going over his house, he made a pass at me. I was going over the traditional methods of separation when I felt his hand touch my thigh. I stopped talking and looked at him and he looked back at me. His blue-gray eyes were smiling and he had a subtle smirk about the mouth. I removed his hand and continued on with tutoring. I thought he was joking. There was no way in hell that this hot ass guy wanted me. I was wrong. The next day he did it again, this time his hand found his way to my crotch. His fingers gently stroked my cock through my jeans.

"What are you playing at?"

He looked a bit confused. "What?"

"What's your problem, dude?"

"I think you already know," he smirked, eyes shining.

"Is this what you asked me over here for? So you could mess with my head?"

"It's actually your ass I want to mess with."

My stomach started to hurt with excitement and I felt my cock start to stiffen. 

"I just wanted to thank you for coming over here and helping me out," he continued. "You've been a major help."

"Thanks but I would prefer you gave me cash instead." 

It was a lie. A barefaced lie and he knew it. Ethan got up from the table and the next thing I knew I was pinned to the wall. His breath hit my face as he started to unbutton my shirt.

"Can you keep a secret?" he asked.

I was too overcome with what was happening to speak. I nodded yes.

"Good. Cause I'm horny and, from what I can feel, so are you."

I felt my face get hot. I was rock hard, harder than I had ever been up till that moment. I couldn't believe it. Was this really happening to me?

He slid my shirt off me and his mouth went for my nipple. A jolt of exhilaration ran through me as I cradled his head. I whimpered and moaned. A hand slid down my torso and into my pants. My dick was throbbing. Stroking me, Ethan kissed and bit my chest. His tongue was everywhere. He teased my neck, touching that spot that almost drives me insane. 

He ran his tongue down my body and didn't stop until he reached my cock. But that was a short intermission of the pleasure. I gasped as he put licked and eventually put my balls in his warm, wet mouth.

"Don't come." His voice came like an omnipresence. I was trying hard not to explode, wanting this delightful torture of his to never end.

I looked down. Precum was already escaping me. The tip of Ethan's tongue stroked my frenulum, lapping up the prelude of my climax. I bit my lip and shuddered.

"Don't come," his voice was gentle and sweet. "Don't you dare come."

At last he took me in his mouth, sucking and jerking me into oblivion. My cock wasn't use to such glorious stimulation. My face knotted and my breathing shortened. I could barely think. Delaying gratification had become almost impossible.

"Oh fuck..." My body trembled and I felt the endurance build in my crotch, cultivating a magnificent cramp in my scrotum. His mouth went back to my chest as his hand continued its magic on my cock.

"Mmm. You wanna come, don't you?" I could feel Ethan smiling. He had me right where he wanted.

"I have to come!"

"Come on then. Shoot that thick load."

He needn't give me permission. I erupted right then and there. Endorphins then took over and for an instant, I wasn't conscious. I had left my body and had gone to that place above the clouds where thought was forbidden. I then felt Ethan kissed me and I gradually began to regain my bearings. He smiled down at me. "You alright?"

In the wake of pleasure, I nodded and then tenderly kissed him.