 Chapter 12: Call Of The Siren



Adam woke up with a start. He looked around realizing that the images in his head was just a dream, he looked between his legs, and reached to his Morning Wood, along with the blotch on his blanket. That was SOME dream.

He grinned as he then kicked off his blanket, and jumped off his bed. He pulled of and tossed his moist boxershorts off him, and pulled on his trunks, which feel stiff from the daily dips he's been taking, and not one trip to the washer since then, looking for that merman – he's returned to that spot 3 days ago, and that merman hasn't come back. He grabbed his goggles and his bogie board. He ran out of his room, and towards the backdoor.

"I'm going down to the beach, Gramma, bye!"

"AH ah AH ah!" Grandma said, "Noooo yur not, laddie, get back here!" Adam stopped in his tracks, and looked around.

"What?? Why not???"

"Would ya look at yur arm, boy?" She asked him, "That bite hasn't even gotten better all week! Ya keep soakin it in sea, it ain't ever gonna heal!"

"What about the water sleeve? I can wear it, I'll be fine!" 

"No, your not, that sleeve's not tight enough on ya, boyo!"

"C'mon, Gramma, pleeeeaasse??? I'm THIS close to finding that fish!" He said.

"Nothin doin', Adam. As the kids say, 'There Are Plenty O' Fish In The Sea', heh heh. Why don't you take Granddad's camera and take pictures around the forest and cliff, eh?"

"Grammmaaaaa!"

"And put those trunks in the basket, I'm doin laundry today. Go on, and I want at least 20 pictures in that camera by the time you come home now!"

Adam groaned as he then turned around to his room. "Okay..." 

"There's a good lad," Grandma replied.

Adam went into his room, and took off his dried out trunks before putting them in the basket. He pulled on a light shirt, and pulled up a pair of boxers and cargo shorts up between his legs. He set down his goggles and board. He went into his grandparents' bedroom, and took the bulky camera from their desk, and walked through the living room.

"See ya... Whenever..." He grumbled.

"Have fun, lad. Heh heh heh," Grandma said with a chuckle.

~~~

Adam sighed as he walked along into the woods, holding up the camera, and snapping a picture of the canopy of trees. "One down... Nineteen to go..." He mumbled as he wound it back. A few years ago, he used to like taking pictures of stuff, but he sort of grew out of it.

He walked, and spotted a few colorful butterflies fluttering about. He held the camera up to his face and clicked onto them.

Adam walked along the path, hearing the distinctive waterfall approach. His shirt is damp with sweat, and tucked on the side of his shorts; it's REALLY hot today; of all days NOT to go swimming. He looked over and saw the cascading wall of white falling down, showing a brilliant rainbow sheen from the sunlight.

"Ah, Aquata Cove..." He said, "Been a while since I been here," He held the camera up to his eye once again and snapped a picture of the waterfall, "Sorry. No swimming." He said as he wound the camera back again, and walked along the dirt and rock, seeing the ocean, which is divided by a long wall of rocks. What's interesting is that it's a body of water that's so close to the sea, yet the water in Aquata Cove is fresh and pure. Maybe it's the way it runs through the rocks or something.

Adam then walked to the rocks, up to the higher cliffs. He put the camera up to his face, and turned around to take a picture of both the forest and the waterfall together. He then turned around to look onto the sea, where he spotted someone sitting on a rock.

"... Oooh, there's a nice one..." He said with a smile. It looks like a blonde guy over there on that rock, and from the looks of it, he's completely naked, except for a cross-belt on his upper body, and a dark headband, "Hehe, looks like someone's having some M/S out in the ocean..."

~~~

Merrick rubbed his arm as he felt the warm breeze on his body. His legs hung on the side of the rock as he sighed.

"... What am I going to do?" He wondered to himself. Throughout the week, he has not returned to his pod. He feels to humiliated to face them again since the red moon, and too ashamed after having touched that human.

Ever since that day, he's been struggling with so many emotions about what's happened. He should never have gone back to that reef, and he should have killed that human when he had the...

"Hnngghh!" He shook his head, and gripped his shoulder "No no no no...! Not him, NOT him!" He gritted his teeth as the thought of even laying a scratch on that human revolted him, "I can't... But I... I need him so much... But I need my pod too..." He sniffled as the overwhelming thoughts and feelings finally got the better of him, elating a shimmering tear from his right eye, and then his left.

"I don't know what to do..." He sobbed softly as he thought of being in the human's arms, and then playing around with his young sister. He is kissing that human, and his mother is heating a cut on his tail. He and the human are on this very rock, and they are mating, then Merrick's father is showing him how to wield his trident for the first time.

Merrick whimpered as he cried, clenching his fists and his trident as the spiraling storm in his head drove him mad.

"HEEEEEY!" He gasped as he heard someone yell. He whipped around, and saw a human looking at him, waving his arm up back and forth! It's THAT human! The one from the beach! How did he find him?! He never went near that place again, not once! How did that human FIND him?!

~~~

"Heh heh, looks kinda cute, actually... If this thing had a zoom feature... Better not snap him, this IS Grampa's camera..." Adam then turned and took a picture of the sea. 

"Now, what else do I wanna..."

"Aaaaahhhhhwwwwwooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaoooooooooooooohhhhhh" Out of nowhere, Adam can hear... Singing... There's a woman somewhere, singing... It's so beautiful. He looked around for the source of the singing. He gasped as he saw another far away rock, with a mermaid sitting upon it. She's so far away, yet he can hear her loud and clear, as if she was standing right in front of him. Her long, red and purple tail dipping into the sea, her long, dark hair blowing in the wind, wearing no shells to hold her breasts. 

Adam's eyelids started to feel heavy. He yawned as he held the camera up, "I better... Get a picture..." The singing continues, the lovely, long, divine singing. There aren't any lyrics or words, just the sweet, beautiful voice flowing in wind that softly plays along and against his body. 

He began to feel dizzy, like he's taken 4 sleeping pills. His eyes can barely keep in focus. Everything's going blurry. The sound of the waves, the distant seagulls squealing in God knows where, the faint howls of the wind, they're all distorting along the notes and sounds of the slow, mystical singing. 

His line of sight became darker and darker, everything becoming a blur of massive colors, until everything became an endless sky of dark blue, before slowly closing his eyes. In slow motion, he can feel himself fall backward, he can sense the gravity pushing down as he fell very slowly. Like, skydiving through the sea of bottomless darkness. He fell through the void, turning headfirst in the void, sinking and falling. He fell for hours, or seconds. He can't tell. All he can feel, all he tell, is that he's falling into a deep blue sky with no end.

And then, he wasn't falling. He can feel... Pillows... Soft, fluffy pillows... It feels like velvet. Adam slowly opened his eyes. He groaned as he breathed deep, liking the feeling of the velvet pillows, like a giant bed of cotton sealed in velvet.

"Hehehe," Came an amused giggle, "Good morning, sleepy head~" Adam turned his head, to see a man. He looked like a cute, cuddly college guy, shirtless, by the look of it. He has an orange-blonde facial hair, and a short field on his head, with a thick metal earring on each earlobe. He also has a bit of a round belly on him, but it's a perfect proportion to his body.

"Heyyy..." Adam said. He sighed as he tilted his head back, groaning even more.

"Aww," The guy said, "What ails you, my lord?" 

"I... I don't know..." He said, "I feel so... drowsy..."

"You can't go back to sleep now, we've been waiting days for you to wake up~"

"Huh? What're you talking about?" Adam asked as he rubbed his eyebrows.

"Don't be like that, silly~" The guy said before nearing his mouth to Adam's neck, and pressed his lips there. He gave him a licking kiss along his neck.

"Ooh, that's good..." Adam cooed as he tilted his head, smiling as the man's hand felt his chest, "Ohhh, right there..." The man kissed again and again.

"Oh, he's awake? Awesome, I was just about to lick his balls until he came, see if THAT'D wake him~" Came another voice, this one deeper. The guy next to Adam stopped kissing his neck, and moved up, smiling and playfully tossing a pillow at the other.

"Hey, no blaspheming, sillybutt~" He said with a chuckle.

Adam opened his eyes, and sat up. There's a muscled, taller black guy slowly approaching him. Adam blushed as he looked at him; the man is virtually naked! He is only wearing drafty, light blue loincloth, that is tied together with a gleaming silver ring on his hips, holding the thin blue sheet on the front, and another on the back. Adam can see his large penis and testicles dangling between his legs through the cloth. 

He looked to the male that was kissing his neck, to see him wearing the same loincloth, but lying on his side, the veil is on the side, and his junk is showing! Adam then looked around.

The circular room he's in is a large, totally velvet room! Everything, the wall, the huge, cushion-like floor, the numerous pillows is all deep blue velvet! There are white lanterns on the wall, draped with aqua-colored veils draped on each one, with some low, soothing music playing in an unseen source. Adam gapped as he also noticed several other men, lying around the room. All of them are different, very sexy, and all of them wearing the same kind of drafty loincloth. There's a Hispanic guy, laying on his side, who is now getting up, and walking towards him. Another handsome male lying on his belly, with a perfect view of his naked bottom through the blue cloth, who is being woken up by another one of the near naked men. The one who was sleeping on his belly looked up at the man, and then over his shoulder, smiling as he looked at Adam.

"Who..." Adam said. 

"Hehehe, as... ATTENTIVE, as ever, my lord~" Came another male, tan, a little skinny, with a fuzzy happy trail that lead to his breezy cloth. Adam looked, and stared wide-eyed at his crotch! His cock is standing, completely erect, and at least a foot long, and so thick! He looked at himself, and noticed that he is wearing a golden mantle with several large sapphires aligned, as well as a soft, satin sash around his waist with a bit of a sheet on either side of his hips that reached to his ankles. Other than that, Adam is completely naked! Nude AND raging hard!

"Oh, it's so big~" Came one of the males, who knelt down, and stroked along Adam's shaft. Adam blushed harshly as those fingers felt and slid along his penis.

"This one's new, my lord~" Said another handsome guy, "He wouldn't know how glorious you are~"

"I... I don't understand..." Adam said. Part of him is questioning everything he's seeing right now, but another part of him understands completely, and is consensuous about this.

"Awww, you've must've had a VERY long day~ You just dozed right off when you returned~" Said a younger man, pouting as he laid down next to Adam, "It can't be easy being an amazing god like you~"

"Wait... I'm not a god..." He said, almost too distracted with all these men who are coming near him. 

"Oh, don't be so modest, my lord~" Said the large black man, crouching down, Adam couldn't help but look at his hanging, dark package, "Just cause you were born a man and made a god, it doesn't make you less inferior~" His large, warm hand then ducked under, and cradled Adam's heavy balls.

"You always do your absolute best in what you do~" Came the first guy from before, his lips then kissing, and caressing his ear. Adam closed his eyes again, and rose his eye brows, enjoying the very nice sensation of the intimate licking of his ear. 

The other men started to settle down around Adam, softly stroking his legs, arms, chest, belly, all of them affectionately smiling at him in admiration or their god.

~~~

Merrick looked in horror at the female! As far as her position, he still knows what she truly is. With one tail in the water, her other tail is behind her, wavering on the surface. He can hear her singing, her beautiful wondrous singing!

Looking back up at the human, he can see him starting to walk, dropping the object he was holding, and slowly advancing in her direction!

'... Wait... This might work...' Merrick thought for a moment as he watched. 

If that siren devours this human now, then he'll die, and maybe Merrick will be able to find a mermaid on the next red moon! Would that even work?? Father says that mates of merfolk are lovers for life, but what if it was a human?? Surely, the same principal can't apply! 

But what if he's wrong? What if that human dies, and Merrick will never find love again? That's how it ALWAYS works with merfolk! But it can't be the same with humans... I can't be!

"No... It's best if it... It HAS to happen..." Merrick's eyes watered more as he covered his ears.

"Just let it happen, just let it happen, just let it happen..." Images of the human started flashing in his mind. The human is holding Merrick's hand. The siren is gripping the man's shoulders, and biting into his neck, ripping him apart. The human and Merrick are sharing a kiss. The siren is slashing her nails into the human's chest. The man and merman are hugging each other. The siren comes down on the human, delivering fatal attacks and turning the ocean red with his blood.

Sparkling tears streamed down Merrick's face as he wept, clutching his head as the mystical song can still be heard, muffled, but still willowing in the air.

"Let him die... Just let him die... Everything can be fixed if I just let him die..." He sobbed as his heart ached terribly at what he's saying and what he's thinking, "There's nothing I can do... A pod of sirens have to be nearby, if I get involved, they'll eat me too..." He whimpered, giving himself a validated reason. He clenched his eyes shut as he hunched over a little lower. More and more romantic images danced in his head before they are purged by the violent glimpses of the siren's wrath and gluttony. 

"Let it happen... You have to let it happen..." Merrick uttered to himself. "You can find a mermaid if this happens... Just... Let it..." His lower lip trembled as he tensed himself up.

The man's lips pressed against Merrick's lips as he held and caressed the merman in his strong arms, and then the siren's twisted face opened up in a raging cry and bore down on the human's face-

"NOOO!" Merrick yelled as he seized his trident, and leapt into the sea, jumping off the rocks – the very first action he has ever done with his legs by sheer instinct.

The Adra Triton dove into the water, his form blurring into his true aquatic appearance as he swam. He kicked his tail as hard as he could, zooming like a torpedo towards the siren sitting on the rock as she sung to the mesmerized human.

~~~

Adam pressed his lips against the gentle mouth of the man who woke up beside him, the one with the golden stubble and buzz-cut. Adam put his hand onto the side of his head, feeling the metal ring that dangles from his earlobe as his mouth pressed around the male's lower lip, licking his tongue gently tucking the other one. 

He felt a hand on his arm, and Adam smiled as he turned, and opened his mouth the Hispanic male, openly kissing each other as the one Adam just frenched nibbled on his nipple. Adam moaned as that tongue pressed and licked around his hardened areola, his large boner throbbing in its perpetually constant erection – never flaccid, always hard as a rock.

Adam is the God of Male Romance, Love, Desire, and Fertility. His sole color is blue, his gem is the sapphire, and his iconic animal is the white lion. He works so hard to make what men are what they are, and it is a daunting task, as so many men are corrupt and dark, their character is what truly strains him when he tries to work his power to form boys into honorable, hard-working men. Times like this, he is able to enjoy the pleasures of his harem, the men he has handpicked to serve him when he must unwind and rest.

He put his arms under both men beside him as he broke the kiss when he felt some strong hands on his shoulders, under his mantle. Adam tilted his head to see the buff black man massaging him, and lowering down to meet Adam's lips. He kissed him back with a passion, enjoying the every taste of three men almost at once.

While kissing the large man who rubs his sore shoulders, two other males nuzzled and took in the strong, masculine scent coming from Adam's crotch. The men kissed Adam's throbbing shaft from bottom to top before kissing eachother passionately, with Adam's glans in the middle of their tongue and lip play. He curled his toes as he felt the head of his penis get licked and suckled in the sloppy, affectionate kiss.

Adam then reached down, and cupped the hispanic man's flaccid, exposed genitals, "Ahh! My lord~" Adam rubbed his soft dick and balls around in his palm, groping and massaging his smooth tenders in his hand, and making the male moan a lot more than he should be for a rub, "Your touch~ Lord Adam, I can't... Oh, my good lord~!" The man held himself as Adam's hand kept brushing and pushing his genitals around between his lap, "Ohh~ Ohhhhh~~ Lord Adaaamm!" The guy moaned out loud as his half flaccid penis squirted his sperm all over Adam's hand, just from Adam's rumored Touch Of Lust miracle – a lot of sensual energy is focused to Adam's hand, and it drives the sensitivity of whatever is touched with it by a hundred times. He sighed in content as he scooted away to let another man have his turn to cuddle with Adam, giggling as he spooned with his replacement, nuzzling his slick, spunk-covered soft member into his exposed buttcheeks. The man in his place took Adam's cum-covered hand, and licked it oh so sensually, murring as he tasted his fellow harem's sperm.

Adam broke the kiss with the tall, dark male to look at the two men sharing is cock, both of them licking and nursing either side of his hard member. He undulated his hips as they ran their tongues up and down his slick member. "Wait," Adam said, "Bring the new boy... He shall have first taste of my seed." The two men looked up at him, and smiled, backing up, and showing the new young harem recruit the open legs of their god. He blushed as he looked at Lord Adam's thick, throbbing manhood, with his large, potent, round orbs that hung below him, "Come, young one," Adam said as he sat up while the teen knelt down between Adam's legs. Adam affectionately kissed the man's soft lips as he felt along his glistening wet rod. When the kiss broke with a tender pop, the new boy gulped as he then opened his mouth, and took in the head of Adam's cock.

The male then slide his head down, and slowly went for a deep throat, gagging a little from the huge dick, "Take your time," Adam said as he brushed along the male's short, brown hair. The other men rubbed and kissed along Adam's form, basking in his benevolence.

He suckled at Adam's large member, taking in his flavor and slowly easing his head down onto the god's cock. He moaned as his mouth filled with Adam's member as he licked along the shaft, and slurped up a spurt of precum. Adam breathed in as the young male went in for another deepthroat, a lot smoother this time. Adam closed his eyes rose his brows as his dick climbed deep into the man's mouth, "Oh yesss... AhhH! Ohhhh..."
