 I somehow managed to effectively tutor Ethan well after our encounter. Of course, whenever I'd come over he wanted to fool around. I would be lying if I said that I didn't want to feel his warm mouth on me again. I made it clear to him that studying came first. He grudgingly went along with this and when we finished for the day we rewarded our patience and dedication with each other.

Ethan was a master when it came to the art of oral. He didn't just simply suck my dick, he worshipped my cock. He'd kiss the tip of my rod before running his tongue about the head and then taking me completely into his mouth, my prick invading the back of this throat. Often I would try to reach for his crotch, wanting desperately to return the gesture that he loved to grant me but he wouldn't let me.

"If you suck me off I'll want to fuck you," he said.

The core of me tingled at the thought. I wouldn't love anything more than to his have his cock pulsating with excitement inside me. Seeing an opening, I stroked his bulge through his jeans. He gently grabbed my wrist. He was hard and from what I felt, huge too.

"What's the matter? You don't want me fully?"

"You're crazy if you believe that," Ethan grinned. His was a warm on my face. "I want our first time to be special. I don't want to just fuck you. I want to make love to you."

My dick instantly rose to attention. Not only did he know how to satisfy my body, but also my soul. "We can go back to my dorm now. My roommate is gone for the rest of the semester."

I was like an impatient rambunctious dog. I wanted my treat now. He ran one of his large hands through my hair and kissed me. 

"The longer we wait the better it'll be," he smirked. "You'll see."

I hated him at that moment. I wanted to object. I wanted to tear his jeans open and suck him off into oblivion, but he had made me powerless. He had cajoled me into a surrender that I relished. A few weeks before he had convinced me into stop jerking off.

"I'm the only one that's going to give you pleasure," he growled at me. "Besides, I love slurping up all of your sweet cum. Such a delicacy shouldn't go to waste."

I now came harder than ever. I dreaded the prospect of having to take care of myself once again, such pleasure paled in comparison to Ethan. I couldn't fight off the wet dreams, though. I had rarely gotten them in the past but they had become more frequent, more intense. They all involved Ethan. I was hot as fuck for this guy and I had never seen his cock or his chest. I knew it was hairy. He'd always kept the top few buttons of his shirt undone; plaguing me with thoughts of what possibilities lay beneath. Along with thick uncut cocks, hairy chests were my weakness.

About a year ago, I was messing around on the internet when I came across a shirtless picture of Tom Selleck at the height of his Magnum PI days. I got so turned on that I spent the rest of the day playing with myself. My cock had become relentlessly hard. I had come twice but my animal impulses hadn't been fulfilled. Three thick, heavy loads later satisfaction found me. My hand soaked with sperm, I stared at my bedroom wall lost in thought. Would I ever find a guy that was just as sexy? Yes, I would but Ethan was sexier.



Winter turned into spring and with it preparations for graduation became my dominant concern. My mom had notified most of our relatives about the event forcing me into a manic state over collecting tickets. In the two weeks prior, I had only seen Ethan once and we had only talked. I bitched about my mom calling and emailing me every day about what new relative she had wanted to come. He just smiled at me in that comforting way and massaged my shoulders, sneaking light kisses to my neck. I turned on my back and brought his face to mine. Our mouths met and I kissed him with a ravenous passion. It had been a week since I had come and stress inadvertently heightened my carnal desires.

"Fuck me, man. Fuck me like there's no tomorrow."

That sexy yet irritating smirk of his appeared again. It was clear what the answer was. Frustrated, I grabbed his hand and stuffed it down my pants. I was determined not to let him refuse me tonight. Rock hard and throbbing in his hand, Ethan stroked me softly. Carefully, he ran the tips of his fingers about the frenulum. 

Suck me. Please, suck me...

He continued to work my cock, grinning mischievously as he did so. I trembled. "How does that feel?"

"Awesome."

"You wanna come, don't you? You wanna spew that load, huh?"

"Yes. God, Ethan! Make me cum! MAKE ME CUM!" I was begging at this point.

His hand released my primed cock and stroked my face. His dark eyes stared affectionately down into mine and for a moment I was lost. "Not tonight, baby, not tonight. Soon, though. You'll get your reward, trust me. I'll make you cum. I love nothing more to see your dick explode."

I didn't get much sleep that night. I was hornier than I had been in years. I wanted to jerk off but Ethan's voice kept coming back to me, forcing me to remain in a torturous limbo. My loins ached. By balls were plump with semen. I twisted and turned about the sheets, trying in some way to ward off my sexual hunger. Retrieving a bottle of pills from my nightstand, I drugged myself to sleep.



Graduation day went smoother than expected. Everybody was able to show up on time and by some miracle I was able to get everybody a ticket. My parents were hosting my party at their house afterwards. I quickly ran back to my dorm to change to find a note taped to my door.

"Be at my house at ten." – You Know Who

My body tingled and a rush of heat ran through me.

Tonight's the night! 

Tonight's the night! 

Tonight's the night!!! 

With excitement, I changed into regular clothes and sped over to my parents' house. I already knew that waiting for ten o'clock would be agony. I distracted myself with all the cards and gifts that relatives gave me in congratulations. I ate very little, not knowing what exactly Ethan had planned for the night. An eternity later, it was finally nine thirty. I told my mom that I had made plans to go out with friends and she completely bought it. After a small lecture from her about the hazards of drinking and driving, I was finally on my way. My stomach ached with anticipation. 

My cock stiffened a bit on the drive over and I hoped to God that tonight was indeed what I hoped it was. It had been four months since Ethan had first put his hands on me. In those following weeks I had done nothing but dream about him taking my virginity. Please, let this be the night! Let this be the night where all my dreams come true. Let this be the night were all my fantasies become a reality.

Ethan stuck his head out the door as I pulled into his yard. Even in the dim light that resonated from the house, I could see his smile clearly. He grabbed my hand without a word when I reached the porch and led me inside. Jazz music played low on the stereo. Candles illuminated the rooms. It was all like a dream. It was better than a dream! Our journey through the house stopped when we reached the kitchen. A candlelit meal of spaghetti and eggplant parmesan waited on the table to be enjoyed. I had only mentioned my favorite meal once and had never imagined that he would've remembered.

"I didn't cook it, unfortunately," he grinned bashfully. "That's a skill I haven't yet mastered."

It was the first time that he had showed me any note of insecurity. I had always viewed Ethan as perfect Adonis that blew into my life and swept me off my feet. I didn't believe that he had any shortcomings, but the proof of the contrary turned me on more. I brought his face to mine, kissing him hard. My tongue in his mouth and his tongue in mine. I reached for his groin and he didn't stop me. This was it! I caressed the hardness straining through his pants. His cock was big and hard and angry. 

He picked me up, whisking me from the kitchen. He had never done this before. Our mouth locked together in their own dance, I wrapped my legs about him as he carried me to his bedroom. Ethan tossed me on the bed and removed his shirt. His body was board and chiseled. A fine layer of dark hair covered his chest and torso. My partially hard cock instantly became steel. It was better than I imagined. I started to undress.

"No. Let me."

Ethan removed his jeans, unleashing the huge, enraged, uncut thickness of his dick. He hadn't been wearing underwear. The sight of it took my breath away and for a millisecond I was scared to get near it. He would destroy me with that thing and I couldn't wait.

Naked, he strode over to the bed, covering his flawless body with mine. Kissing, licking, and biting at me, he started to remove my clothes. His thickness poked me in the thigh, a glorious reminder of what was to come. Ethan's mouth found a nipple as he removed my shirt, knowing that this would drive me crazy. He was going to exploit his knowledge of my body to his advantage. With a single hand, he undid my pants and slid inside. I trembled slightly at his touch. His other hand gently at my throat and his tongue darted for my neck. Lust burned in the pit of my stomach. I wanted his cock right then and there but I knew that would spoil it.

He pulled my pants off along with my boxers. We were both now naked. Our bodies finally skin to skin, heart to heart, cock to cock. My dick stiff and rigid, pointed unrelentingly towards the heavens. It was a place I knew Ethan would soon transport me. 

He grabbed my legs and pulled me to the edge of the bed. Stroking me with one hand, he knelt down as he began to work his middle finger in my ass.

"Relax, Gabriel." His voice was soft and soothing. "Relax."

I did as he asked, surrendering my ass to his will. His finger broke through causing me to gasp at the feeling of this new sensation. His tongue ran along my shaft and about the fringes of the head. At last, he took me fully in his mouth. His head bobbed up and down in a hypnotic motion as he sucked me hard. His finger thrusting and searching inside me, teasing my prostate awake. His mouth fondled my balls and he jerked me fast. My vision blurred and a rush of heat flooded my body.

"Yeah, baby, that's it. Come for me. I want to see you shoot that load."

I tried my damnedest to battle the urge, but I was losing. His hand stroking me, his finger needling at my most scared of places; it was too much to fight. It was too soon. I couldn't. A geyser of jizz exploded from me, coating my stomach and chest. For a moment, I was unconscious. I felt Ethan's warm tongue make its way up my body, licking the cum off me. His eyes were sparkling and seductive, deeply boring into my soul. I laid there spent and helpless at his mercy. I sighed as my fingers made their way through his hair.

Happy and ashamed, I smiled. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be," he crooned. "That was just the beginning."

He took my hand and wrapped it around his cock. Slowly, he made guided me up and down his shaft. He was already hard but I could feel his instrument strengthen further. I looked up at him with excitement and he smirked back at me. Ethan lay on the bed, his dick straight and erect like a thick, meaty lightning rod. I loved foreskin and he had more than enough. I began to get hard again as I felt his cock pulsate. His hand found my ass again, running the tip of his index finger about my hole.

I took him quickly in my mouth. My tongue swirled about his cock, jerking with one hand while the other stroked his torso. I ran my tongue about his head and then into the folds of his foreskin. Ethan groaned and I swear I felt him shudder. His dick now belonged to me. I sucked and slurped, working him hard until my wrist and jaw ached. He rested a hand on my shoulder. I saw his face. He had an expression of pure nirvana. Unlike him, I wasn't going to make him come immediately. It was payback time. I was going to get him close then back off, like he had so often done with me. I wanted his cock fresh and his balls swollen with his seed when he fucked me. I wanted him to shoot his load in me, solidifying our bond.

Ethan's desires overtook him. He savagely shoved me onto my back and clambered between my thighs. His thick juicy hardness brushed against my ass.

"Put it in me," I told him. "Fuck me raw."

His cock was raging. Playfully, he flicked himself across my hole, making me hungry for him even more. Ethan spat into his hand lubing up my ass as well as his cock. This was the moment I had waited for. It had finally come! He pushed the head slowly inside, taking great care not to hurt me. My cock jumped with excitement.

"Relax your ass like before," Ethan murmured softly. "Take deep breaths. Let me know if I'm going too fast."

He continued to push that glorious monster of his in me, stopping at times for me to get accustomed to him. I took deep breaths as I allowed him inside. The pain wasn't as bad as I had thought it would be, but nevertheless it was a bit of a shock. At last, he was entirely in me. We were now one. He was huge. My ass had been given the ultimate test.

"You're okay?"

"Yeah," I moaned. "Do whatever you want to me."

I began to feel him stir within me. My leg was draped over his shoulder, the other wrapped around his hip with my foot endearingly stroking his muscular ass. I watched as his large powerful frame ground into me. Ethan shoved his cock deeper and deeper with each thrust. The pain started to subside and a new, pleasurable sensation took its place.

He wrapped an arm about my leg and his mouth kissed and nuzzled the inside of my thigh. A drop of pre-cum culminated at my dick. Ethan wiped it off and licked his finger. He wasn't lying when he said he wanted to make love to me. He had meant every word of it. His rhythm was smooth yet powerful. His movements were swift but subtle.

He leaned down and kissed me tenderly. I whimpered. Dying to blow, I reached for my cock and found my hand being slapped away. Ethan was driven to dominate me fully. Mind, body, and soul. 

I rolled him on his back and straddled his hips, not breaking our embrace.

"Turn around," he half whispered. "I wanna see my cock inside you."

I did as I was told, secretly elated by his suggestion. His rod effortlessly pierced my flesh. I moaned as I totally impaled myself upon his cock. I grabbed his thick sculpted thighs and bit my lip. Slowly, I worked my ass, thoroughly coaxing his dick with my hole.

Ethan groaned and my mouth formed a grin. He then grasped my hips. His hands, warm and familiar, slowly made their way up my slender frame. His arms engulfed me with their strength, binding me to him. The hair of his chest tickled my back. His breath was hot on my neck. Our rhythm was now synchronized. 

He turned my face to his. We kissed as we rocked and moaned. A sharp wave of passion shot through me.

"Don't fight it, Gabe."

I couldn't even if I wanted to. My all of my strength had gone out of me. My balls swollen, I was ready to shoot. He pushed me further and further to the apex of pleasure, killing me softly in the process. I felt his lips travel across my shoulder towards my neck.

"Fuck... You're gonna make me cum!" Ethan's voice had become an octave higher. It was the first time that I had ever heard a tinge of powerlessness come from him. If I had my bearings about me, I would've fully relished this but he had me too far gone. I was deeply immersed in my own elation.

I screamed as a thick stream of whiteness spewed from me, flying across the bed and onto the carpet. The euphoria, a deluge of sudden concentrated bliss, consumed me; sending my mind into an epic tailspin. My head fell back upon Ethan's shoulder and his head collapsed on mine. His cock spurted his seed in my hole, flooding my guts with his essence.

Together we lay on the bed, his brawny arms still holding me close. We kissed and whispered our affections until exhaustion completely overtook us.