 I watched as the Master continued pounding his massive cock into the young culprit's ass. Andrew had stopped comforting Elias with his gentle kisses and was now whimpering apologies into the boy's ear. Elias had collapsed into the boy's arms, leaving Andrew the arduous task of trying to remain standing while the Master slammed into his friend. Each thrust moved Andrew and Elias a little closer to the wall. Finally, the Master, tired of traveling across the room, pulled out of Elias and pushed the bound boys forward until Andrew smacked up against the hard surface. The Master re-positioned himself behind Elias and guided his cock to the boy's asshole. With one thrust, he reinserted his entire shaft into Elias's abused hole. 

"Oh God," Elias mumbled softly. 

That were no more sounds from the boy as the Master continued the punishment. Andrew, however, was full of sounds, as the Master's thrusts pushed Elias into his arms and his own body into the wall. Finally, the Master came. As he unloaded into the culprit's ass, he pulled back on the boy's head and whispered into his ear.

"This will teach you not to lie to me ever again."

"I am sorry, Master." Elias murmured softly.

When the Master was done with Elias' ass, he pulled out and turned towards Darkie and Blondie. They both stood at attention, their erections protruding out proudly before them. They had been standing there ready to assist the Master in any way. They didn't have to wait very long. 

"Take them both," the Master said in a quiet voice, "then bring Andrew to me in my office."

The Master walked out of the room. Darkie and Blondie looked over at me with a sickening grin. They wanted to make sure I was recording their every move. I grinned back at them and then motioned to the journal. They nodded in approval and then turned their greedy eyes towards the two boys leaning against the wall.

I silently cursed them for being so cruel and then began recording their every deed. 

Blondie, being the stronger of the two guards, picked the two bound boys up by himself. Sweat was dripping onto the floor from their bodies. He walked over to the center of the room and placed them down. Then he got behind Andrew and motioned for Darkie to join him. Darkie quickly got behind Elias. Then, as if they had practiced their routine, they both guided their cocks to their perspective culprits' asses in perfect time. Each cock slid into the boys' ass cracks and a waited to penetrate.

"On three," Darkie commanded, "One..."

Elias lifted his head off of Andrew's shoulder where it had been resting ever since he took the Master's huge cock deep within him. He looked straight ahead at his friend's face. Their arms were still tightly bound around each other and their sweat mixed together into a musky aroma of sex and fear. Andrew began to whimper. This time, it was Elias' turn to give comfort.

"Two..."

Elias leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on Andrew's lips. It was a simple gesture, one a child may give to their awaiting mother when they come home from school. Then, he used his tongue to lick a tear that was falling down Andrew's cheek. 

"It will be all right," Elias said softly, "Don't try to fight it. Let it happen. It will make it... easier."

Andrew looked into his friend's eyes. His glance pleaded for Elias to forgive him. Elias nodded and they put their heads slowly down on each other's shoulders.

"Three..."

In unison motion, Darkie and Blondie leaned into the boys allowing their cocks to slide completely into each ass. Andrew and Elias lifted their heads and both looked up towards the ceiling. 

"Oh God!" Andrew shouted.

Elias just gave a sad sigh of resolve. Then, he started whimpering. The two guards wasted no time in fucking the boys. In perfect rhythm, they pumped in and out of each ass, pushing the boys together. Their young cocks bumped and their balls mingled with each other as they were jostled around by the guards. After a few minutes, the two men fell into a new rhythm, with each one pulling out while the other was pushing in, and visa versa. Each boy howled alone as he was injected with cock and sighed a brief reprieve when he the cock was withdrawn. The rocking motion even lifted Andrew off the ground once or twice as Blondie gripped the poor boy's waste for better leverage.

After what seemed like a lifetime, Darkie's ass cheeks squeezed together and I knew that he finally was coming deep inside Elias. But, instead of pulling out, he remained inside to offer support for Blondie who was still giving Andrew a God-awful pounding. Then, after a few more minutes, Blondie's ass cheeks also flexed as he shot his seed into the boy. 

After catching his breath, Blondie pulled out and untied the boy's bondage. Darkie had not moved and it made me curious. As soon as the ties fell to the floor, Andrew crumpled down on top of them leaving just Elias and Darkie standing there. Blondie walked behind Darkie and gave the guard a playful slap on the ass.

"Come out of the boy," he said to Darkie. Then he gestured to Andrew. "We have to bring this one to the Master."

Darkie gave a grunt and started to pull out of Elias' ass. Then, the most unfortunate thing happened. The friction from Elias' tight asshole aroused Darkie so that he had a full erection by the time he was only half way withdrawn. To make matters worse, Elias began fidgeting in discomfort from the ever-growing cock in his ass. This made Darkie's erection bigger than I had ever seen.

"I see you've outdone yourself." Blondie said with a snicker, "I do believe we have a few more minutes."

And with that, Darkie suddenly pushed poor Elias forward so that the boy had to quickly put out his hands to keep from falling over. With Elias wobbling trying to keep from tipping, Darkie motioned for his friend to assist. Blondie quickly got in front of Elias and pulled him up by the hair. Elias, grasping for anything to hold onto, placed his hands on Blondie's ass. 

"Open up," Blondie grunted.

Elias looked over at his friend who remained motionless on the floor. I believe he sighed in relief, probably happy that he was getting some needed rest. And he was right to feel that way, for Andrew's punishment was about to get extreme. Then, Elias looked at the cock that was inches away from his lips. He opened his mouth without being prompted to as Darkie began thrusting his cock deep inside him. Slowly, Blondie's cock slid into the boy's mouth. Then, the two cocks began the same rhythmic dance into the boy as they had done earlier with both culprit's asses. 

The beautiful boy that had been brought into the chamber just hours before was now beaten down. He had no more fight left in him and he allowed the two cocks to fuck him without flinching a muscle.

I recorded it all down in the journal and, just as I was about to leave, there was an incomprehensible sound coming from Andrew. He was muttering softly in his exhausted sleep. It sounded so child-like and innocent that I wanted to take him in my arms and rock him while he slumbered. But, instead, I closed the book and walked to the Master's office. I had to make sure I knew where I would be standing to take down the record of poor Andrew's next round of punishment. For the boy's sake, I hoped it would not be for a while.