 When I came back into the chamber, the two tormentors were with the Master on the other side of the room. The Master had removed his clothes so that he, too, was naked. His cock was at full attention. I was not sure which of the men were going to carry out the next round of punishment on the culprit, but I knew it didn't matter. All three cocks could easily ravish the boy's poor ass. 

I looked at Elias. He was still lying on the table; limbs loosely tied to rope. His beautiful eyes were pleading with me to come over. I couldn't resist. The three men were deep into planning and they were paying me no attention. I walked to the table and put my hand on Elias' cheek. I was wiping some of the sweat from his forehead when he spoke. It was in a whisper. Again, I couldn't believe how youthful and innocent this young man sounded. My heart ached. For a brief moment, I even imagined untying him and sneaking him out of the chamber for good. But where would we run? The plantation was on an island. No boats ever came to its docks. As far as I could remember, no one ever left the island... except for the Master. 

I put my head down so that it almost rested on his chest. I could feel Elias' hot breath on my ear as he spoke. Being so close to his lips was unbearable. 

"I did not have affections with the girl. I am innocent."

"I know."

"Why does the Master not believe me? I have never done anything to betray him? I am a good worker."

I smiled at him. After noticing his muscles earlier, I had come to the same conclusion. His tone body was that of someone who worked hard and long hours in the plantation heat. If there was one ounce of fat on him, I had yet to find it.

"It was Andrew," Elias continued, "I was trying to stop him when the Master caught us."

This was very interesting. I had heard nothing of Andrew being scheduled for punishment. From the corner of my eye, I saw that the men were ending their conversation. I quickly stood up and began writing in the official records. But, mentally, I was keeping Elias' story safe for a later entry into my secret journal. 

Darky and Blondie made their way over to Elias as the Master slowly returned to the chair I had brought him. Blondie was holding a jar of oil that he brought over from the other side of the room. From the puffs of steam coming from it, I could tell that it had been warmed. Unceremoniously, Blondie poured the oil on Elias' belly. All of the boy's muscles contracted at once, and he let out a cry. Thankfully, it was just a cry of surprise. The oil was not burning his skin. 

All at once, the two men got to work on Elias. They rubbed the oil into every part of his beaten body, mixing it in with the layer of sweat that already covered him from head to toe. Then, they untied his ropes and flipped him over. As they rubbed the oil into the boy's back I watched as they looked greedily at his ass. They both grinned as they began working the oil into Elias' ass cheeks. Finally, after they had massaged the oil into his legs, they flipped him back around. 

I studied Elias' face. The boy looked confused. What exactly was his next punishment going to be, he must have been thinking. His eyes shifted back and forth from tormentor to tormentor. Then, they turned to me. I wish I could tell him that it was over, but the fact was that his ordeal had only just begun.

Darkie reached for the boy's arms and easily pulled him up to a sitting position. He placed Elias at the edge of the table and stood before him. 

He took each of the boy's legs and wrapped them around his midsection. Then, he placed his hands under each of the boy's armpits and lifted him into the air. He pulled him in to his chest. Cupping the boy's ass cheeks in his hand, Darkie turned around so that he was now sitting on the edge of the table. Being slippery from the oil, Elias began to slide down into Darkie's lap. When his ass crack rested on the man's large cock head, Elias' survival instincts went into action. He hooked his feet together in a desperate attempt to keep from being entered. But Darkie would have nothing of it. He simply removed his hands from under the culprit's ass and let gravity do its thing. The tormentor's cock slowly slipped between Elias' cheeks, spreading them open for the penetration. 

Darkie and Elias were now face to face. Darkie looked into the boy's beautiful eyes and smirked. Elias tried one last attempt to stop the man's cock from entering his asshole. He clenched his ass cheeks together as hard as he could. But, after only a few seconds, exhausted from his previous punishment, he resolved that there was no way he was going to be able to stop the onslaught. 

"Oh God. Please, No. No. No." He whimpered, softly.

Darkie never stopped looking at Elias as he impaled the poor boy onto his massive cock. The boy's head snapped back and he almost fell onto the floor, but darkie quickly placed his hands on his waist and pulled him in. He was now ready to give the culprit the ride of his life. 

Lifting Elias up so that his cock was almost out of the boy's ass, the tormentor placed both of his feet firmly on the ground. Confident that he was balanced and steady, he let Elias slide back down until his cock was once again buried deep inside of him. Then, the ride began. Using the boy's hips as handles, Darkie lifted and lowered Elias with an ever-increasing rhythm, going deeper and deeper into the boy's ass with each thrust.

Elias groaned and cried out for mercy but Darkie continued the fucking for ten more minutes. Then, as Blondie moved over to the table, Darkie stopped the ride. Elias had seen the other tormentor come over to the table and he gave me a panicked look. I suppose he thought that his ass was going to be given the same treatment from Blondie; that the two tormentors would switch off. He was wrong. He could not have been more wrong if he had tried. 

Darkie wrapped his arms around the boy's midsection and pulled him in close. Then, he leaned back until the two of them were lying on the table. All the while, his cock was still buried deep in the boy's ass. Elias, nervous and uncomfortable, began to fidget. 

"Hold still, boy, or this will go a lot worse for you." Blondie said.

Darkie shifted to the edge of the table so that his ass almost hung off the end. Blondie quickly placed some wooden blocks under Darkie's feet so that they were steady. He then straddled Darkie's legs. Holding his cock in his hand, he nestled himself up to Elias' stretched ass. For a minute or two, Blondie toyed with the boy. He slid his cock up and down his crack and smacked Elias' ass cheeks with it. Apparently, the boy was oblivious to what was about to happen, for he didn't utter a single protest. 

Then it happened. Blondie was done fooling around. He rested his cock head on Darkie's shaft as their balls intermingled. Using one hand to push down on Darkie's cock, he used his other hand to guide his cock into the quivering asshole. Suddenly, Elias knew what was about to happen.

"Oh god! No! Please! That will kill me. Make them stop, please!" 

I realized that the boy was crying out to me. I took a deep breath. I was helpless to act. All I could do was watch and record as Blondie pushed his way up the culprit's ass. 

Elias cried out. "Oh No! Please stop! Oh My God!"

When Blondie was sure that he was deep enough inside of Elias' ass, he put out his arms to help Darkie rise up from the table. They now had poor Elias sandwiched between them. They began gyrating and pumping up into the boy's ass mercilessly. Elias stopped pleading for help and began grunting. His eyes rolled back in his head as he was about to pass out. But Darkie slapped the boy back into conciseness. Then Darkie and Blondie began gnawing at the boy's body; sucking and kissing and biting at the culprit as they both fucked him hard.

It was a long time before they both came. I do believe that Elias had passed out before that. At least that is what I like to think. When they were done, the Master had them carry the boy to the center chamber. Elias' hands were tied to the rings above his head as before. This time, however, they left his legs free. Unconscious, Elias slumped forward, legs slightly bent at the knees.

The Master came over to the sweaty, oiled, well-fucked boy and rubbed his abused ass. With a sickening grin, he slapped it hard. 

"Uuuuufffff," Elias groaned. He was still unconscious. But that would not last long. The Master was going to whip the boy like he had never been whipped before. And, with my book in my hand, I recorded it all.