 Elias had escaped his tormentors by drifting into unconsciousness. I was relieved. Every square inch of his body had been whipped. He had been fucked repeatedly in his mouth and his ass. And his cock had been abused until even a small breath on its head made him wince. 

With his tormentors in the other room resting up for the next punishment session, I stole a moment to gaze at the beautiful young man tied to the table. Every muscle was taut and covered with a shiny sheen of sweat. His cock, resting on his left leg, was still thick from his last erection. I watched as it periodically twitched. After a few minutes, I took my gaze away from his midsection and stared at his beautiful, hairless chest. He was breathing heavy. I watched each rise and fall until I was satisfied that his body was finally resting. And I recorded it all in the official records. Afterwards, I picked up my secret journal and wrote these remembrances. 

I watched him on the table for half of an hour. I didn't dare move him or untie his ropes. I wanted him to rest. He was going to need every bit of strength he could muster to survive what his tormenters had planned for him next. 

I was about to walk out to get some air when I heard the main door open in the other room. I listened to the boots as they came down the steps and realized it could only be one person. In all my years working for the Master, I had never seen him enter this chamber when a session was underway. He would always demand a report from me when it was over by having me read from the records I kept. Thankfully, he never became aware of my personal journal. 

I quickly hid the book and returned to the records just as he entered the room. The Master nodded at me and then looked over at Elias.

"I expect that the boy has been thoroughly fucked already?" 

He walked over to the table and rested a hand on the culprit's stomach. 

"Yes, Master."

The Master ran his hand up to Elias' mouth and rested his fingers on the boy's lips.

"How many times has his ass been entered?"

I quickly flipped through the records to try and calculate but it was not fast enough for the Master. 

"Was it more than three?"

"Uh, yes, sir."

Elias began to stir on the table. The Master removed his hand and stepped back. He looked straight at me as if to ask me another question. I looked back at his handsome face and when he didn't say anything, I let my gaze wander down to his crotch. He was fully erect in his tight pants. His voice brought me back to his blue eyes.

"I will be staying for the next session. Fetch me a comfortable chair."

I stood frozen in my spot. Had I heard correctly? Only a few seconds went by, but they seemed to last an hour. 

"Now." The Master said. His voice was not angry, yet.

"Yes, sir." I ran into the adjoining room to look for a chair that would please the Master. I spotted one in the corner and went to pick it up when a sound coming from the other room stopped me in my tracks. It was Elias. He was moaning. I stood absolutely still so that I could hear everything clearly. Another moan. Then, he spoke. I could tell from his tone that he was in discomfort. I made a mental note of every sound so that I could record it in my journal when the Master left.

"Please, no!" Elias moaned. "Please stop."

"You will remain still, boy!" The Master said. His voice was strangely calm. 

"Ohhhh! Ohhhhh God!" I couldn't tell if Elias was in pain or not.

"You are still tight. Good."

I had heard enough. I grabbed the chair and made my way back to the Master. When I entered, I saw Elias squirming on the table and pushing up on his ropes. In a moment, I saw why. The Master had two fingers placed up the boy's asshole and was wiggling them mercilessly. I cleared my throat and the Master turned around to see me at the door. 

"Good. Now, go get the men."

I brought the chair to the side of the table and slowly walked to the door. I glanced back as I left, hoping that the Master would sit and leave poor Elias' ass alone. But, just as I got to the doorway, the Master jabbed a third finger into the abused hole. I quickly walked away as Elias cried out in agony. 

I didn't have to walk far. Darky and Blondie, Elias' tormentors, were on their way back. 

"Get out of our way." They pushed past me. Their cocks were hard and ready for action. I turned to see them standing at the door. They weren't expecting the Master, either. I watched as their ass cheeks clenched in surprise. I smirked. They were going to have to give the performance of their life. And they knew it.