 The following account of late 19th century sexual torment was taken from the journal of Daniel Nickels, the Captain of the brig Waccamaw during the Civil War. The journal was discovered hidden behind a wall during recent renovations at the Bellaire Plantation in Savannah, Georgia, where the Captain lived after the war.



 As the two tormentors stood at the other end of the room collecting their tools for the culprit's next session, I took the opportunity to make further contact with the young man. I walked over to the table where he was strapped and examined his abused body. The tormentors had foolishly tied the ropes too tightly around his ankles and wrists. I could tell that they were hurting him. I looked over at the men and decided that I had ample time to loosen the ropes. There was no need for him to suffer during this much needed rest bit. Besides, after the whipping and thorough fucking that he had received, there was no way he would be able to resist his next punishment, let alone put up a fight. 

 After loosening the ropes, I made the calculated decision to once again look him in the eyes. I knew I was acting foolish. My job was simply to report on the punishment. I had done that many times in the past without once looking at the culprit I was reporting on. Yet now I was going to face this young man for the second time. What made this young man so special that I was willing to risk feeling.... What, exactly? Sympathy? Or was it something more?

 I followed the thin trail of hair that led from his beautiful cock up to his belly and I continued to follow it until it disappeared into his hairless chest. Finally, I came face to face with the young man. His beautiful eyes burned into my soul. I immediately knew I had made a terrible mistake. But I continued, anyway. 

 "What is your name?" I whispered to him.

 His lips parted as if he was going to say something, but then he heard a noise coming from the other side of the room and stark fear returned to his face. 

 "Shhhh," I tried to reassure him. I looked over at the two men. They were taking their time. "You are safe for now". 

 The young man studied my face. He had reason to trust me, even if I couldn't stop the tormentors from ravishing his body with their whips and their cocks. He spoke slowly and with a sweet voice that revealed just how innocent and young he was. 

 "My name is Elias, sir."

 "What are you doing here, boy?"

 He looked at me with confusion, so I put the question another way.

 "What did you do to be brought down here?"

 Elias thought for a moment and then spoke in hushed tones.

 "I was accused of making affections with the master's daughter."

 I must have made a face that revealed how serious I thought his predicament was because he quickly added, "But it is untrue". 

 I barely had a chance to acknowledge his claim when he started pleading with me, rather loudly.

 "Please don't let them hurt me anymore. I am not guilty of the acts they accused me of. Please make them stop!"

 His cries caught the attention of the two men on the other side of the room and they started to make their way over. 

 "Shut your mouth, boy, or I'm going to stuff my cock in it," the dark haired tormentor shouted.

 I quickly reached for a handkerchief and used it as a gag on poor Elias. I couldn't risk having him say something to further antagonize his tormentors. He looked at me with terror in his eyes and I barely had time to say anything before the two men were upon us. I simply said, "Sorry". 

 The tormentors pushed me out of the way and immediately got to work on the boy. The dark haired man slapped Elias across the face several times while the blond haired man twisted at his already sore nipples. I returned to my notebook and pretended that I didn't care about the muffled cries of pain coming from the young man.

 After a few minutes, the tormentors stepped back from the table and examined the culprit tied up before them. Without a word spoken between them, they agreed to begin the next session of sexual torment. 

 Elias had exploded semen from his cock four times during the previous sessions. It left him exhausted and his young cock tender to the touch. It wasn't a surprise that he cried out when the Dark haired tormentor (I shall call him Darky for the remainder of this account) took Elias' cock in his mouth. Elias writhed in torment within his (secretly) loosened ropes as Darky sucked at his cock with all his might. This continued on for a few minutes until the tormentor reached under the culprit and shoved a finger up into his ass. Elias arched his back and pushed up from the table in a futile attempt to escape. The ropes may have been loosened, but they were still intact. He even tried to squeeze his firm cheeks together in a desperate bid to keep his ass from getting finger fucked. But Darky prevailed and wasted no time finding the boy's sphincter. Within a minute of intense pumping, Elias once again came. 

 Darky pulled away as the boy pushed out his load. As the last drops rolled down the young man's cock, the Blond tormenter (Blondie, hence forth) stepped forward and wiped the it clean. He then reached into a bucket and pulled out a cloth that was dripping with hot water. It was not enough to burn the young man, but enough to cause great discomfort on his already sensitive cock. Blondie wrapped the cloth around Elias' shaft and squeezed. In the meantime, Darky had retrieved a wet cloth from another bucket. This bucket was filled with ice cold water. After a few seconds, Blondie removed his cloth and returned it to his bucket as his partner wrapped his cloth on the culprit's cock. They repeated this several times.

 The sounds coming from behind Elias' gag confirmed that this was indeed worse than the whipping and fucking he had received by the two men. I recorded the few sounds I could make out from the young man.

 "Oh God. My cock. Oh God, no more, please!"

 This went on for a few minutes before the two tormentors put down their cloths for good. Elias' cock stood at attention before them. This time, Blondie went in for the kill. His mouth swallowed Elias' entire cock in one motion and he quickly began bobbing up and down. It didn't take long for Elias to succumb. As his cock erupted, the boy twitched in his restraints as if he were being electrocuted. 

 I wish I could report that they had finished punishing Elias' cock with that ejaculation. But, the truth is that they continued sucking the life out of the boy at least three more times before they called it quits for the night. By the last eruption of his cock, Elias had no more cum to give. His body simply quivered for a few seconds as he mercifully fell unconscious.