 The following account of late 19th century sexual torment was taken from the journal of Daniel Nickels, the Captain of the brig Waccamaw during the Civil War. The journal was discovered hidden behind a wall during recent renovations at the Bellaire Plantation in Savannah, Georgia, where the Captain lived after the war. 




As I listened to the tormentors in the adjoining room greedily filling their stomachs with the food I had left out for them, I took the time to inspect the culprit. His arms were still high above his head and tied to the strands of rope coming down from the ceiling. His legs were still spread apart with a bar between his feet. But, in his unconscious state, his head was slumped forward. 

I looked at his face, actually inspecting it for the first time. I was immediately struck by how handsome he was. His tanned skin, full lips, and hazel eyes struck a cord in my heart. Why had such a god been brought to the chamber for punishment? What could this young man have possibly done to deserve the hours of sexual torment that awaited him? I quickly averted my eyes in the hopes of breaking the spell he was casting on my sympathies. I had more work to do, more documenting. 

The rest of his lean but muscular body was red from the beating. But although his tormentors were thorough in their whipping, the skin was not broken. Even his ass, which had taken the brunt of the barrage, contained no welts. I sighed in relief that the tormentors had not destroyed the young man's firm and rounded buttocks. 

He glistened all over, from his dark matted hair to his toes. Beads of sweat ran down his back into the crack of his ass and then disappeared under his young ball sack. His perfect cock was still semi-erect and displayed remnants of his second ejaculation. I went to the drawer and removed a cotton cloth to clean him up. I started with his ass and worked down to his feet. Then, I started back up to his crotch. As I wiped under his balls and stroked his cock to clean off the mess, I heard a slight murmur. I looked up to see the culprit staring down at me. His soulful eyes pleaded.

"Please don't hurt me, sir."

I opened my mouth to speak. I wanted to comfort him, to let him know that I would not let them destroy his beautiful body. But, I stopped short of speaking. Instead, I used my mouth to show him how I felt. I placed my lips at the head of his cock and kissed it. Then, I slowly let it slip into my mouth. The young man gave out a little gasp. I quickly let it slip out and I put my fingers to my lips.

"Shhhh." I said, "Just rest, young lad."

He remained quiet as I took more of his cock into my mouth. I tasted the saltiness from his cum and from the sweat that covered his entire body. It made me want him even more. Soon, the entire shaft was in my throat and I began to please him with a steady rhythm. He became completely erect and I gently cupped his balls in my hand. I knew I did not have much time. The tormentors would be back for the next session of punishment in just a few minutes. 

The young man started to breathe heavily. I took a moment to glance up and saw that he was squinting with a mixture of pain and pleasure. He had just recently come twice and his cock must have been very sensitive. I made the tough decision to let the cock slip out of my mouth for good. I stood up and brought my face right to his. My mouth was within inches of his lips, but I restrained my desires to kiss him. 

"Do not anger your tormenters," I whispered, "They have a job to do and they will do it. Give them no reason to be more harsh than they see fit."

I don't know if he truly understood what I was saying, but he nodded. Then, he did something that has made me curse my decision to confront the culprit. He smiled at me. It was only a slight smile... an acknowledgment, really. But it went through me like a knife. I quickly stepped back. For a split second, I thought about smiling back. But, then, I came to my senses and briskly walked away.

As I walked to the next room, thoughts ran through my head of how confused he must have been at my sudden departure. But I couldn't let him get to me or keep me from my responsibilities. I quickly surveyed the room to make sure that everything was in place. The table in the center was prepared for the culprit, as were the instruments hanging on the wall. I was just about to check the straps on the table when I heard the tormentors returning to the main chamber. 

I heard them grunting in approval as they surveyed the results of their previous session. Then I heard the unmistakable sound of a hand slapping skin. I couldn't tell where the slap had occurred, but I knew from the culprit's gasp that he had been taken by surprise. Then, there were successions of four more slaps followed by gentle weeping. Despite the spanking, the young man had taken my advice. He did not speak. I prepared myself for more slaps, but, instead, I was pleased to hear the sounds of the bar being removed from between his legs. 

After a few minutes, I heard the young man grunt. Then, I heard footsteps. The first tormentor entered the room. He was also dark haired, with muscles to spare. He had Italian features, and I noticed that his cock was fully erect. Then, the second tormentor entered the room. Blond and also well built, he had the culprit slung over his shoulder (that must have been why I heard a grunt). Walking up to the table, he unceremoniously plopped the young man on his back. The culprit's eyes were wide open with fear and he looked from side to side. 

The two tormentors quickly got to work. They brought the culprit's arms slightly over his head and tied them to straps. Then, they spread his legs apart so that they made a "v" shape. They were also tied to the table's straps. Then, they lowered a panel beneath his head so that it was now tilting back. This would give them easy access to his mouth.

The first tormenter placed a small stool next to the table and climbed on top. His cock was now perfectly situated to pump down into the culprit's mouth. The culprit's eye's widened as he saw the cock hovering above him. Then, with a slight bending of the knees, the tormentor brought his ass down so that he was practically sitting on the culprit's face. His cock rested on the young man's closed lips. 

I stood by, ready to assist if necessary. I had in my hands a device that would have forced the young man's mouth to remain open for the tormentor's onslaught, but I was hoping not to have to use it. I held my breath. 

"Open your mouth, boy!" the tormentor growled. 

I looked over at the other tormentor. He started over towards me to get the device and I was just about to reluctantly hand it over when the young man resigned himself to his fate and parted his lips. I stepped back, and quickly put the device down to my side. Too quickly, perhaps. The tormentor looked into my eyes and tilted his head ever so slightly. Such stupidity on my part! Fearing that he may have uncovered my secret, my affection for the prisoner, I opened my mouth to offer an explanation. But then, thankfully, we were both drawn to the gurgling sounds coming from the table.

The other tormentor was fucking the young man's face without mercy. Each stroke downward sent his entire shaft into the deepest recesses of the culprit's throat. He began thrashing about in a desperate, but futile attempt to free himself. This drew the attention of the tormentor who was standing beside me. He forgot about the incident with the device, and went over to assist his partner. 

He pinched the culprit's already sore nipples with his fingers and started twisting them. Then, he took turns sucking on them. He pulled up on each nipple with such a tremendous suction, that I though he would rip them right off the poor young man's body. After a few more minutes, the other tormentor squeezed his ass cheeks together and I could tell that he was coming deep inside the culprit's throat. When he was done, he stepped down from the stool and changed places with the other tormenter. The culprit barely had time to take a good breath of air before another ass was resting on his face and another cock filling his mouth. 

Twenty minutes went by with each tormentor taking another turn. I don't think they came twice in his mouth, but they enjoyed fucking his handsome face, just the same. When they were done, they raised the panel under the young man's head, snapping it back into place. Then, they untied his hands and legs. If the culprit thought his punishment was over, he soon found out to the contrary. He was turned over, his body making a dull thud, and his hands and legs were retied to the straps. Then, the tormentors unlatched hooks that allowed the table to fold down, bending the culprit at the waist. Now, his ass was perfectly situated for the thorough fucking that was about to ensue. 

The first tormentor, cock still glistening with the young man's saliva, slid his enormous cock easily into the culprit's crack. As his cock head rested at the entrance to the young man's asshole, the tormentor took both of the abused ass checks into his hands. He squeezed with all his might while pulling them apart. The culprit let out a cry of pain. This was answered with the sickening sound of the tormentor's huge cock sliding into the young, tight asshole, filling it completely. 

"Aaaaaaagh!" The culprit whimpered, "Oh God, noooooooo!"

Ignoring the cries, the tormentor placed both his hands on the culprit's waist and started fucking him with abandonment. Each thrust forward sent the young man's body pounding into the table. Each time the tormentor pulled his cock out, it lifted the culprit's ass ever so slightly from the table. Then, it would be slapped back down with the force of the tormentor's cock reentering his ass. 

Each tormentor took turns abusing the culprit's ass without care. When each one was ready to surrender the young man to the other, they gave the firm ass cheeks a slap, causing the culprit to cry out in pain. It must have surprised the young man when, after the last ass slap, the ropes was once again untied and he was flipped over onto his back. After tying his hands and legs once more to the straps, the tormentors walked over to the cabinet on the other end of the room. With his ass and mouth fucked, the punishment on the culprit's cock was about to begin.