 The Master had Darkie and Blondie bring the two young men to the place where they had fucked and tormented Elias earlier. They were made to stand in the middle of the room facing each other. With Darkie standing behind Andrew and Blondie behind Elias, they slowly pushed the two boys together until their bodies were touching. I watched as their two beautiful and semi-erect cocks stood side by side, their balls mingling together. Then, the two guards took the culprits arms and raised them half way up. As they made the boys wrap their arms around each other, I fervently recorded in my book every detail about how their sweat covered bodies merged together in an awkward embrace. 

Both boys were about the same height. The toned muscles in their well-tanned arms and legs, made it obvious that they were hard workers in the fields. Like Elias, Andrew had a magnificent ass, firm and hairless. I watched in delight as beads of sweat rolled down his back and into his crack. Both young men had thin trails of hair leading down from their belly buttons to their cocks. They were extremely handsome with features that made them look much younger than their 18 or 19 years. I watched their sweat-covered bellies rub together as they squirmed in fear. 

If I had time alone with the culprits, I would attempt to find out what they had done on the mainland to warrant being brought to the island plantation for punishment. But, for now, all I could do was record their session in my book. In all my time working with the master, I had never known him to punish two young men at the same time. This would require me to be very attentive. I continued writing in my book. 

The Master nodded and the guards proceeded to tie each of their wrists so that they were bound together, forced to face each other in a precarious hug. Then, their legs were also bound together so that they had to struggle to remain upright. Darkie and Blondie went to retrieve their whips, both choosing floggers with many strands. As the guards circled their prey, I marveled at the predicament they had placed the two young culprits in. Not only would they have to endure the pain of their own beating, but they would have to suffer intimately the agony of the other. 

After making an assessment of the situation, the two guards stopped circling. Darkie stood behind Andrew and Blondie took his place behind Elias. They both raised their arms at the same time and brought the whips high over their heads. I was prepared for the first strike when the Master called out.

"Wait!" He said, just before the whipping was to begin.

Darkie and Blondie looked over at the Master, confused. 

"I want them to be whipped separately, giving each of them the distinct experience of feeling the other's torment... up close." 

Darkie and Blondie grinned. Then, Darkie lowered his whip, leaving Blondie alone with his arm raised.

"Oh God." Elias whimpered.

"I am so sorry," Andrew whispered into Elias' ear.

Their voices, still sounding youthful and innocent, echoed in my thoughts as my heart ached for the young man about to be whipped, yet again, in my presence. Time seemed to stand still as Blondie stepped back to survey his culprit's backside. Elias' young ass twitched in anticipation.

Finally, the Master spoke. "Young Andrew, your friend is about to be punished. Pay very close attention to the pain in his eyes. Listen very carefully to his cries of agony. For everything that happens to him will eventually happen to you."

"Please!" Andrew cried out in desperation. "Leave my friend alone. It was I who disrespected you by talking to your daughter. It was I who told her that I wanted to lie with her behind the barn."

The Master look curiously at the young man. Then, he raised his hand. Blondie immediately lowered his arm holding the whip. 

"Continue." 

Andrew's voice quickened. "It was I who told her that I ached to be inside her."

Elias whispered into Andrew's ear, "What are you doing? You'll get yourself killed."

"Continue." the Mastered ordered. 

I couldn't tell if he was amused or furious, but I continued to record the events.

Andrew, sensing that there was a chance to help his friend, went on explaining the events that led to Elias being brought into the chamber for punishment.

"Your daughter agreed and we started over to the barn. It was Elias who stopped me. He saw us walking to the barn and he called out for me to stop."

Andrew's voice had gotten higher and faster as he tried in vain to convince the Master to let Elias go.

"It was his calls that brought attention to the guards. I was so angry at him, that I pushed your daughter towards him and ran off."

Andrew was now sobbing. "The guards came to her and asked what was wrong."

His voice was now barely understandable. I believe he said, "She must have been afraid and said that Elias had threatened her."

Elias was now sobbing, too. "No, no, no. Please stop, Andrew."

There was a full minute where the only sounds that could be heard in the room were the whimpers coming from the two boys. Not even I made any sounds with my pen. Then, the Master walked over to Darkie. He took the whip from the guard's hand and raised it over his own head. The two boys closed their eyes, tears still running down their cheeks. But the Master threw the whip down to the ground instead of using it on either of their asses. I looked at the Master's face, trying to guess what would happen next. He raised his upper lip in a snicker and let it slowly dissolve into a smile. I knew at once what was about to happen.

The master got behind young Elias and placed the tip of his cock at the boy's ass crack. He placed his hands on his shoulders and got as close to the boy as he could without penetrating the culprit's ass. He looked right into Andrew's face.

"Open your eyse and look at me, boy!" 

Andrew threw his eyes open and looked with shock at how close his face was to the Master's. The Master was breathing heavy and I'm sure that the boy could feel his breath on his trembling lips. The Master smiled at Andrew as he slowly penetrated Elias' ass crack. His cock slid into the boy, stopping at the entrance to his asshole.

Perhaps sensing his friend's tightening muscles, Andrew called out in desperation, "No! No! Please spare my friend's ass."

The Master shook his head slowly from side to side. "I'm afraid I cannot oblige your request," He said in a mocking voice, "Your friend is going to get a God-awful pounding that will shake his very existence. Isn't that right, Elias?" 

Elias whimpered again. "Oh, God. Please spare my ass."

The Master answered Elias with a sickening laugh. Then, still looking straight into Andrew's eyes, he entered poor Elias in one continual thrust. Andrew could feel his friend's body tense up as he was being impaled on the Masters thick cock. Elias leaned into his friend and gave a grunt. 

"Oh, God." was all the young boy could muster.

Once the Master was buried to the hilt in the boy's ass, I watched as Elias collapsed forward into his friend's arms. Andrew would have fallen backwards had the Master not pulled Elias' shoulders back. Then, the fucking began.

The Master, no longer interested in playing mind games with Andrew, took to thrusting his cock in and out of Elias' abused ass without mercy. With each push forward, he buried his shaft deep inside the poor boy. Then, he would pull out until his cock head was almost visible before shoving it back in all the way to the root. Each thrust brought the familiar sounds of Elias grunting and groaning.

I wanted to continue writing about how Elias' handsome face grimaced as he was being fucked relentlessly; how his firm ass cheeks turned red as the Master pounded his crotch into it over and over again. I wanted desperately to record the way the Master would occasionally stop his thrusting motion to grind into Elias with all his might. And I wanted to write about how the Master kept re-positioning himself so that his cock could pound Elias from different angles. But as much as I wanted to continue watching Elias', I couldn't help myself from concentrating on poor Andrew.

I could tell by the culprit's tormented face that he took it to heart having his friend fucked so close to him. I knew that he could hear every whimper in his ears, smell the musky odor of sex coming from his sweat, and feel Elias' muscles tense as he was pounded. And, as the Master rocked Elias to and fro with abandonment, Andrew could feel his friend's cock and balls intermingle with his own. Then, in a gesture that surprised me, he started to console his suffering friend by kissing his cheek and rubbing his back. I smiled at the boy's kindness. What he couldn't know is that it would be he who would soon need the consoling... and in a big way.