 I hadn’t intended to get horny, I had just pulled over into the picnic area for a break from driving and to have a little nap. I woke up with a hard-on and rather than just get up and think about driving I decided I would have a little fondle instead. I sat up from my reclined position and looked around. The coast was clear, the parking area was empty. I unzipped my trousers and pulled my dick out. It was hot and sweaty, I pulled my foreskin back and felt the air (thank god for air-con!) cool on my hot flesh. My hard-on was nice in my hand as I stroked it up and down. Soon my hard helmet was nicely swollen and so smooth and dry that it the light reflected in it. I like wanking like this and get a real turn on doing it in places I shouldn’t. I looked at the dash-board and remembered back to last week, I had wanked in my car, just like now and shot my come all over the steering wheel and dash. But that was last week, this week I had my eye on the toilet block in front of me.

I tucked myself back into my trousers and straightened my shirt. I got out the car and walked over. The place was still deserted and I rubbed myself as I strode up to the door. It was a small brick out-building with two doors, one for guys and one for girls. It was only small, but big enough for about 3 or 4 cubicles each. I was about to walk into the ladies, when I heard a car pull up behind. Although I like it a bit risky, I also didn’t want any trouble so carried on quickly to the gents. Inside it was a bit dark and dingy, but surprisingly clean! It just looked a bit old. I went into the only cubicle and locked the door. Facing the toilet I unzipped and let my trouser and pants drop to my knees. I pulled on my semi hard cock and got it back to full stiffness. I put the seat down on the loo and turned to sit down. Fantastic was the only word that came into my mind. I sat there with my hard 7 and a half inches in my hand and started to read the various items of graffiti that met my eyes.

‘Call this number for cock…’

‘I will suck you off…’

‘Don’t piss here, call this number and piss in my mouth.’

‘Please fuck my wife while I watch. Local, can collect.’

‘Cock sucking happens here!’

‘Young arse and mouth, ready for your come’

My breathing quickened and I wished I had my mobile phone with me. I stood again to read them more clearly. Leaning against the door with one hand, I pumped my cock furiously with the other.

Then I heard footsteps outside the cubicle. I slowed my pace not wishing to be heard, but so turned on by wanking so close to another man. I heard him unzip and he took a piss in the urinal. I followed him with my ears as the urinal flushed and he washed his hands. My cock was hard in my hand, he would now be just the other side of the cubicle wall. I froze as I heard him speak.

“Hm,” he said to himself, “What does this say, ‘I will sort your cock out in my car!’ Well that sounds interesting!” The dryer came on and then I heard the door shut. I was intrigued that there was more graffiti that I had not read yet. I zipped myself up and went out to the basin area. I scanned the walls and the sideboard, but there was no writing there, or anywhere else in fact apart from in the cubicle where I had just been. I was confused and found myself heading out the door and back to my car. I saw a man just getting back into his car, the only one there apart from my own so I guessed that he was the toilet visitor.

I had to walk past his car to get to mine and as I approached he beckoned me over. He was wearing a shirt and tie like me, but as I got the his door I could see that he had his trousers down and had a magazine over his lap, keeping his crotch out of my view. He beckoned for me to get in and I surprised myself as I automatically went round to the passenger door and got in. He seemed a bit older than me and had a goatee beard and seemed to be in good shape.

He said I could get my cock out when I wanted and put a hand under his magazine. I slipped my hand into my fly and pulled out my semi hard on. It lay there, fairly unimpressive. My heart was racing with excitement though and I knew that it would not be long before that would change. He moved his arm over and closed his sweaty hand around my shaft. I let out a long breath and my cock swelled immediately. His magazine shifted as he was obviously stroking himself at the same time.

“Do you suck or fuck?” he asked. As this was my first time, I was taken aback somewhat by the question.

“Er, this is my first time,” I replied lamely.

“mmm, really!?” he said, “Well, what brings you to be looking for a man to look after your nice dick?”

I explained that I had just stopped for a wank and got a bit turned on by the graffiti.

“That must mean,” he a responded, “that you secretly want some cock you know?” I felt myself getting rally carried along with the situation.

“Who said it was a secret?” I said

He chuckled, “So what do you think you would do with a cock, suck it or fuck it?” The question still had me stumped. I looked down at his hand, pumping on my cock slowly. “I don’t know!” I answered honestly.

“A better question might be,” he continued, “is what would you do with one like this?” He pulled back the magazine and I gasped. His dick must have been about 10 inches and fairly thick. It lay, dormant looking between his legs with his hand rubbing up and down the top of it. I have to admit that it looked good to me and I moved my hand over to touch it.

“I would start by stroking it,” I said and he moved his hand out of the way so I could lay my hand on it. It was hot under my hand and semi hard. I moved my hand along the shaft and then pulled back his foreskin revealing a large purple helmet. My dick suddenly looked like a small lollipop!

“My god,” I said, “you are so big!”

“Thank you,” was his reply.

I closed my fist around it and lifted it slightly as I began to stroke it up and down. It was heavy in my hand, but didn’t seem to be reacting much to my touch. I was a bit disappointed because I really wanted to see it hard and standing up! It felt so natural to have this dick in my hand, my grip around his big hot member felt so rewarding! His hand moved to the side of his seat and with an electric whir, his seat moved back a little and reclined. I wrapped my hand around his helmet and rubbed gently on its underside, this never failed to get me hard. He groaned and I guess I was hitting the right spot. Low and behold I felt his cock start to move in my grip and it began to rise. I moved my right hand to join working on his cock. As I shifted I got in his way and he let go of my cock. I had forgotten he was wanking me anyway as I gave the job at hand all my attention. I placed my other around his shaft and pumped it with a tight grip while I carried on manipulating his helmet. He was moaning again and breathing deeper. The grip I had on his big tip suddenly went sticky and I watched as a second tear of pre-come oozed out of his little eye. I let go of his cock and looked at it.

“Fuck!” I said. The view was very rewarding, his huge cock standing vertical. It was at least ten inches and had filled out more as well. I pulled back his foreskin and his thick purple helmet glistened. I started to pump it hard using one hand with strokes all the way up and then down. I got up quite a pace and his foreskin started to make a familiar flapping and slapping noise.

“Oh yes” he said. I pumped faster and he started to get louder, “Oh YES! Wank my cock! Wank my big hard cock!”

I followed his instructions and a little while later he began grunting, “UUUUghghhGGH!” His cock was twitching in my grasp and I watched as his helmet swelled even bigger. With a loud yell a large stream of come flew into the air. His body moved and he lifted his bum off the seat as the second load came flying out. I have never seen come fly so high and there was so much of it! More came out as my hand reached the base of its stroke. This time instead of flying, it dribbled down his shaft and was collected by my rising hand. I rubbed it into his cock with my next few strokes. A couple more wads came out and then his grunting subsided and I knew he was spent.

I became aware of my own dick again, so hard it was straining. I kept my eyes on his big cock as I started to wank my own, with my come-sticky hand. I was amazed that it was not going down at all!

“That was hot!” I said.

“Uhuh!” was the reply. “If you want your turn, why don’t you come into the cubicle with me?” I looked at him, with an increasing air of trepidation and uncertainty in my mind. My heart was still pounding! His hand pressed down on a button out of sight and his seat returned him to upright. He looked around the car park as did I and saw that the car park was still empty. He tucked his cock (somehow) back into his briefs and pulled his trousers up and with that he got out the car and headed to the toilet block once more.

My curiosity was by now leading me and I followed suit, tucking my hard on back into my trousers I got out the car and went back inside. The room was empty so I pushed open the door and there was my new acquaintance; facing me with his trouser and underpants down to his ankles, his huge cock standing proud from under his shirt with his hand massaging it up and down. Yes, it was still hard! I entered the cubicle he reached over my shoulder and pushed the door shut. I turned the latch to lock it shut. I pulled my trousers and boxers down and my cock swung up immediately. It looked even smaller as we stood point at each other. His tip was only a few inches from mine and as I rubbed my cock, I knew that I wanted to hold his again.

“You have a nice cock,” he said.

“Thanks,” I replied with an incredibly humble feeling! “But it is nothing compared to yours, it’s fantastic! I have never seen come like that, except in porno movies!”

He laughed and thanked me again. “So what do you want to do now?” Another question that I did not expect, how was I to know what happened in these situations? I know what I wanted, I wanted to hold that big cock, even more, I admit to feeling like I wanted to taste it, to see how it would feel in my mouth, but I couldn’t say that.. Could I?

He could obviously see the hesitation and confusion in me, “While you think about it,” he said and pushed me backwards. I was a little shocked at first, but then my shoulders rested against the door. By the time I had realised I wasn’t going to fall back he had dropped to his knees and I felt his hands hold onto my hips as he took my cock into his mouth. I have had a blow job many times before, but this was really exciting, a man had his lips locked around my dick and was sucking me hard into his mouth. His tight suction was accompanied by his tongue sliding up and down the underside of my length as he moved his head backwards and forwards.

The whole experience was really hot and as he continued to suck me off, I felt my come approaching. I clenched my fists and my body went tense as I shot my load into his mouth. I felt his mouth’s grip on my cock tighten as he swallowed and continued to suck me dry. I had stayed nearly silent as I came, remembering that I was in a public toilet, but my whole was taught rigid. My climax subsided and he let my cock slip from his mouth.

“You look like you should sit down,” he said and we shuffled around each other so that I could sit down on the lavatory. I rested backwards, not bothering to pull my trousers up yet as I sat catching my breath. My new friend stood before me and was wanking his cock once more. It was a great sight, his hand moving up and down the stiff length. His breathing was heavy and he began talking.

“Uh, I am so hard from sucking you!” he said, partly under his breath. “Look at how hard my dick is!” he wasn’t after a response and I just continued to marvel at his masturbation.

“My cock wants to come again, do you want me to come again?”

“Yes!” I answered, “I want to see you shoot your come again!”

“Ah, yeah, man, I want to come again, I love sucking cock!” His pace quickened and his breathing got harder, “Fuck, Fuck!” his hand action seemed to spasm and his body bucked a bit and then his come shot once again from his gorgeous cock. The thing that I hadn’t realised was that I was right in his line of fire! It was not as thick as his first load and this came out more like a spray. My face caught the first spurt; for the first time I felt another man’s hot come land on my face. Then he leant forward, almost on top of me and I looked down to see he was aiming at my crotch. His hot spray landed on my soft cock and balls. There must have been two or three more squirts like this and then his hand let go of his cock and his hand grabbed my cock and balls gently and massaged and spread the juice around. The warmth turned to a wet feeling that soaked into my pubes and I felt a dribble of come run under my balls and into my clenched arse cheeks.

Without speaking he let go and bent down. When he rose he pulled his trousers back up and had them done up in a flash. He exited the cubicle and I heard the main door close after him. Absent-mindedly I leant forward and shut the door. I took some toilet and mopped myself up a bit. I heard a car pull away and I pulled myself together and straightened my clothes. I got back to my car and found a bit of paper tucked under my windscreen wiper. I picked it up, it simply read, ‘Thanks, see you again!’ You certainly will I thought and I got back on the road and headed back to the office.