 "Why do I find him so fucking hot?" I asked my best friend, Lupe, as we sat on the front porch of the house we shared. It was a hot Summer day, and we were watching Jake Turner work on his father's deathtrap of a car across the street. It was the perfect day to get drunk and gossip about the neighbors.

"Because you have a death wish?" Lupe answered sarcastically, his mocha colored skin glistening with sweat, despite his little electric hand fan's best efforts. 

The two of us laughed so loud, it caught Jake's attention. He stopped what he was doing and glared at us for a brief moment before returning to his work. His tall, solid build was as imposing today as it was when we were in high school.

He wasn't the most attractive of men. His nose was twisted with all the fights he had been in during his reign as the school's bully. And his chocolate brown hair was an unruly mess that was in desperate need of a trim. But his eyes, which seemed a little too large for his face, were a dark brown that burned cold with danger. I remember being in the gaze of those eyes. They had a way of making you feel like Jake could see into your soul, revealing all of your darkest secrets.

I watched as he hunched his muscular six-foot frame over the engine of his father's car, revealing the outline of a denim clad, muscular ass I wanted desperately to dig my fingers into while he slowly, deliberately fucked my face. Yep, I had it bad for the guy.

"Seriously, though, you need to get over whatever it is about that guy that makes you wet," Lupe warned me for the thousandth time, pushing an errant dark strand of hair from his handsome face, "He was nothing but trouble when we were in school, and he's still trouble today."

It was true that Jake was the total bad ass in school, which was probably why I had the hots for him. He terrorized everyone who crossed his path- even me. It was his personal mission to make my life in high school a living hell.

Pulling a Budweiser longneck from the cooler, I popped open the bottle and started down the steps.

"What do you think you're doing?" Lupe asked in a harsh whisper, as if I were stealing the launch codes from the government.

"He looks thirsty," I said coyly.

"You're fucking insane, Eric," he hissed at me as I walked down the broken paved walkway to cross the street. The closer I got to the car, the weaker my legs felt. By the time I reached the open hood, I was transformed once again into the queer, blonde weakling that shook in his shoes at the mere sight of Jake Turner. I was sure I would collapse. 

Jake looked up at me, rising from what he was doing to the engine. The stained white t-shirt was barely concealing the thick muscles beneath. Stretched and wet with sweat, he may as well have been shirtless.

"I thought you might be thirsty," I managed to say, offering him the bottle of beer.

Jake took the bottle from me and began drinking. I stood there, my jaw agape as he downed the entire bottle, belched loudly, then handed the bottle back to me before returning to his work beneath the hood.

"Okay then," I said stupidly, unable to think of anything else to say.

I walked back toward my house, realizing that I was sweating like a whore in church, and barely breathing when I heard his voice behind me.

"Hey, Eric," he started. I turned to see what he wanted. "It is Eric, isn't it?" I nodded, speechless over the knowledge that he knew my name, or remembered it. High school seemed a lifetime ago. "I noticed you have a basketball hoop above your garage." I looked back at the garage, noticing for the first time that there was one, then looked back at him. "Would it be alright if I occasionally used it?"

"Oh, yeah," I smiled at him, feeling a little embarrassed that I hadn't even noticed it before, "Anytime you feel like it... by all means, have at it."

"Cool," he said nonchalantly, then disappeared behind the hood of the car again.

I crossed the street and rejoined Lupe in the safety of our shaded porch. Lupe had his cell phone in his hand.

"What is with the phone?" I asked. Lupe suddenly remembered he was holding it and stuck it back in his pocket.

"I was ready to dial 911, if this stupid little mission of yours went south. What was he talking to you about?" he asked in a hushed way, as if Jake would overhear our conversation.

"He just wanted to know if he could use our basketball hoop sometime."

"We have a basketball hoop?"

"Yeah, it's over the garage."

"And you said yes?" Lupe panicked, "We're going to have Jake Turner coming to our house unexpected to play basketball at god only knows what time of day or night?" 

"It'll be fine," I assured him.

"Uh-huh," Lupe responded disbelievingly.

"Come on," I said, looking to change the subject, "Let's get to work on dinner before we're too drunk to cook." 

We went into the kitchen where boiled potatoes and eggs were waiting to be peeled for the potato salad. At least Lupe and I were smart enough to get the cooking we had to do inside the house done before it got hot. The chicken we could cook on the grill out back.

"You know, I'm glad you're thinking about another man, even if he is a potential psychopath," Lupe started. He always talked when he was working in the kitchen, even if there was no one around to listen. "Jake Turner wouldn't be my first choice for a rebound, but at least you're not still pining for that asshole, David."

David McCoy was my only real boyfriend. We were together for a year and a half before he broke up with me to marry a woman he had been seeing for six months. I still wasn't sure what pissed me off more, that he was cheating on me for six months or that he fucked me before breaking the news. I didn't even know why I dated him for so long. I was only interested in one night stands, chasing that ultimate fuck. 

If I were honest with myself, I would admit that I believed such a man didn't exist, and if he did he was probably unobtainable. Jake's aggressive manliness had the promise of being fun for a night, but was he my ultimate fuck? Hooking up with the man who once bullied me was a fantasy that had me on the edge of creaming my pants just thinking about it. I definitely couldn't see myself in a relationship with him. I wasn't even sure I could see us together for a quick hook up. 

As I worked on mixing the ingredients together, I heard a car's engine rev up. It was loud, the reverberation like mechanical thunder. I guessed that Jake fixed whatever was wrong with his father's car.

"What's up, bitches?" Brian, Lupe's boyfriend, asked as he entered the kitchen from the back door, "I have the charcoal, as requested. Do you want me to start up the grill?"

"That would probably be a good idea," I told him, looking at the time, "If we wait too long, we'll be grilling in the dark.

"It's Summer time, Eric," Brian laughed, "It won't start getting dark until around eight."

"Well, I'll be drunk off my ass by then, anyway," I said, defending my position.

"I'll drink to that," Lupe interjected, handing a fresh cold one to Brian, followed by a quick kiss on the lips.

Brian walked back outside, dressed for casual Friday in an office, his tie barely loosened, to get the grill ready while Lupe and I put the potato salad away to chill and cleaned the kitchen. Afterward, I brought out the chicken, which had been marinating all day in barbeque sauce.

"I'll take that," Brian told me, taking the chicken from me. I sat at the old picnic table and watched him place the chicken neatly on the grill and wondered if he even owned casual attire. 

When Brian had the meat on the grill and was about to sit on the bench next to me, he stopped and looked around quizzically.

"What's that noise?" he asked. 

I listened, but I didn't hear anything at first. Then I heard a faint thump, thump, thump, followed by the sound of something hit the front of the house.

"I'm not sure, but I think that's Jake, from across the street, shooting hoops in our driveway. Did you know there was a basketball hoop above the garage?"

"Of course," he said, rolling his eyes at me as he took a seat.

Jackie soon joined us outside, handing me two bottles of beer. I was already at my limit and feeling better than I should, and I didn't care, but I knew I didn't need two bottles. I wasn't a double fisted drinker. I looked at him quizzically.

"You know you want another excuse to go talk to that man," Lupe said with a giggle. Brian looked between the two of us with the cutest expression of confusion.

"No, I don't," I assured him.

"Get off your ass and go talk to your new boyfriend so I can have some alone time with mine," Lupe ordered, "We'll let you know when it's time to eat."

I took the bottles from him and rose, nervously making my way down the side of the house, toward the garage. When I made it, I stood off to the side for a moment watching Jake dribble his basketball, then lay up to sink it in my net. He was shirtless, wearing nothing but a pair of basketball shorts and high-top sneakers. I watched with some interest as something large bounced around in his shorts. 

Noticing me, he stopped and looked at me. A small smile formed on his lips. His hairy chest heaved as he breathed.

"I brought you another beer," I explained. Walking up to him was like wading through Jello. I handed him a beer, then took a long swig from the other bottle. Jake followed suit, never seeming to take his eyes off me.

"Wanna play?" he asked, bouncing the ball a couple of times with his free hand.

"I don't know anything about basketball," I explained, "In school, Coach quickly realized I was a manace on the field and court and gave me other things to do."

"I'll teach you. It's really pretty easy."

He took my beer from me and set both bottles to the side of the drive way. 

"The trick is to put a little spin on the ball when you throw it," he explained, showing me how. "Here you try it." He handed me the ball, the moved in behind me. He raised my arm, as if I were going to shoot, then moved my hand into a slight twist as my arm raised upward. I could feel the heat radiating from his body, he was standing so close to me. "Now, shoot."

I made a shot and watched as the ball hit the backboard and then the net. I made the shot. I jumped around excitedly in celebration as Jake watched. He was smiling ear to ear with amusement at my little drunken dance.

We took turns shooting hoops, stopping occasionally to take a swig from our beer bottles, until Lupe emerged from the side of the house to announce that dinner was ready.

"You too, Jake," Lupe insisted as Jake turned to go back home, "There's plenty of food, and you are more than welcome at our table."

I turned to Jake, pleading with my eyes for him to accept the offer. He looked back at his house, then at me before turning to follow us to the back yard.

The evening was a success, by any standards. The food was great, the alcohol was flowing, and the company was exceptional. Jake was a man of few words, but he seemed to enjoy himself, laughing at the jokes that came naturally to Lupe.

After dinner, and everything was put away, Lupe and Brian disappeared, leaving me alone with Jake. The both of us had a couple more beers in silence, sitting on the picnic table's bench, taking in the sights and sounds of the backyard.

"I guess I should be getting home now," Jake told me.

"Yeah, I guess all good things come to an end," I said. Standing up, the world seemed to tilt sideways on me, then I realized I was falling. Jake caught me and held me against him until I regained my balance. "Whoa! I think I'm drunk now!"

"I see that," Jake laughed, "Maybe I should help you get inside before I leave." 

Draping my arm across his broad shoulders, he picked me up and carried me into the house. I told him where to go, nestling my face in his naked hairy chest, on the verge of sleep. In my room, he set me on the edge of my bed, then pulled my shirt off. 

I stood, bracing myself against him as his finger touched the fabric of my pants. He unfastened them, then pulled them down. I fell back onto the bed as he removed my socks and shoes, then my pants.

When he pulled the bed covers back I stood and slipped off my underwear. He just stood there, staring at me, a mix of fear and shock contorting his face.

"I sleep in the buff," I told him before climbing onto the bed, collapsing on my stomach.

I listened as his footsteps receded from the bed. When the light switched off, I realized it was now or never.

"You can stay, if you want."

I heard the door close, then I heard some movement somewhere in the room. Now, I waited to see what would happen. Either Jake was going to beat the shit out of me, maybe even kill me, or he was going to fuck me.

What followed was the feeling of the bed moving as he crawled onto it. He was naked, I realized as he moved into position above me, his big cock sliding above the crevice of my butt cheeks. I responded by pushing my ass up to him.

I heard him spit, then felt his big fingers wet my hole. He spat again to lube up his shaft, then gently pressed the head of his dick between my cheeks and into my hole. I took in a deep breath as he slowly drove his thick cock deep into me, filling my ass in a way it had never been before. It not being the first time I was fucked by a guy, I knew a few tricks to ward off the possibility of pain, but Jake's cock was so thick I still felt some initial discomfort.

Once he was in me as deep as he could be, he began pumping his cock in slow, short thrusts, keeping me full of him. The feeling was so wonderful, my alcohol limp dick quickly hardened. He soon switched into a slow, long stroke that soon had me panting for breath, his cock massaging my prostate with every luxurious stroke. His tempo quickened, and I felt my body tingle all over, my nipples becoming erect, sending little jolts of pleasure shooting through my body as they brushed against the sheet beneath me. I just lay there, squirming and moaning as he set my body on fire with passion. 

He fucked me harder and harder until he was slamming his long, thick cock into me with every thrust. I could feel his big balls slapping against my taint. My prostate felt like it was about to explode. I screamed with ecstasy. I gripped the sheets and held on for dear life as Jake's angry fuck brought me closer and closer to an orgasm. I didn't know if it was what he cock was doing to my prostate, or if it was the friction between my bed sheet and the weight of him pinning my body to the bed, but my orgasm climbed with his every thrust, edging me to the point of madness before I finally reached my breaking point.

"I'm cumming!" I screamed into the darkness.

His thrusts became more erratic, more powerful, as he approached the edge of his orgasm. Then he stopped pumping abruptly, digging the head of his cock deep inside me as he unloaded his balls into my ass. 

Collapsing on top of me, he pumped his cock deep in me for another few minutes, then rolled off me, lying face up on the bed next to me.

I clicked on the bed lamp and looked at him, my drunkenness still unable to process what had just happened between us. I needed to look at him. I need to be absolutely certain it was him. 

He blinked against the light, his hairy chest heaving as he worked to still his breath, his beautiful body lying naked next to mine. I looked at his massive cock and wondered how I had taken it, much less been fucked so aggressively by it. I was sure he had left me bleeding.

I sighed in resignation when he moved to get off the bed. He was leaving now, as I suspected he would.

"This never fucking happened," he told me, the edge in his voice made it all too clear he meant every syllable.

"You don't have to worry about me," I told him, "I'm the keeper of secrets of many men."

I watched him dress, then watched him walk out of the room, closing the door behind him. I knew that I'd never again entertain his cock with my body again, just as I was sure he would never again find a reason to use my basketball hoop. He had what he came for, and so did I.