 Feel free to comment and let me know if you would like me to continue the story and what you would like to happen next.

******************************

As the last petitioner left the throne room, the young king slumped back into his throne and sighed slightly, although the kingdom of Armeneloss had seen centuries of peace, people were always on edge, always wanting more from their king, assurances, lands, titles, an extra patrol in their fiefdom against animal attacks and of course money. That is what they all really wanted, the peace had turned them greedy and lustful and if money wasn't spent on wars then it should be spent on them. 

One of the royal advisors approached the king and bowed gracefully "Your royal majesty, I do not mean to disturb you, but I must make you aware that you have the royal banquet to host soon and you must get ready. Do not forget you have yet to choose a wife and you are coming up to your 21st birthday."

Yazoo smirked at his advisor at the notion of such a thing, if only they knew that finding a wife was the last thing on his agenda. There had been many a ruler without a partner who had done just fine on the throne, he could just adopt a child from the noble class and announce him as heir, but he knew this would not fare well with the upstart nobles of ancient houses that had had too many daughters in hopes they would elevate themselves to a higher title.

Yazoo sat up straighter in the throne and looked into the advisors grey eyes, a much older man, he had served the ruling house of Von Zarovich, for what seemed an eternity and Yazoo had been brought up by this man more than his own father.

"Don't you ever get bored of telling me what to do Erestor?" He asked flatly as he clapped his hands against his thighs and stood up with ease. "Wouldn't you just like a bit of land a small title and to retire? I think Marquis Erestor would suit you."

Erestor raised a disapproving eyebrow as he kept his face straight "I think if you don't hurry up there will be a few Marquis' asking you to retire." He replied as he pointed to the direction of the king's suite of rooms, an off shoot to the throne room so as to escape the public with ease without going around the massive palace to find sanctuary.

On entering the suite Yazoo saw the servants scurrying around the various rooms carrying out various tasks, dusting and carrying items from one room to another. 

Before entering the drawing room, he saw a bath being drawn and as he walked past his wardrobe he noticed several outfits being looked at and dismissed by his dress assistants. Yazz shook his head and he continued on to the drawing room, decorated in luxurious deep purples and gold, the cavernous room was dimly lit by candles and Yazoo slumped onto his favourite chaise lounge, as he rested his head a gaggle of servants entered and lit the amazing chandelier above him, crystals of every colour bathed the dark room in light, refracting the shimmers of light on the walls. 

Erestor entered after his liege and looked down upon the young king "No time for rest your grace." He said before turning his attention to several of the servants and giving them instructions. 

Yazz sat up slowly and bent down to remove his boots, they reached over his trousers and up to just below his knee, without acknowledgment a young servant ran to his liege lord's aid and pulled the boots free. "Thank you, I can do the rest." He said as he shooed the young man away with a wave of his hand before removing his socks exposing his soft marble feet.

Readying himself to move Yazoo undid the clasp on the one shoulder short cape he was wearing, no sooner had it fallen to the floor in a pool of royal blue silk behind him had it been cleared away. He then moved himself to the next room where a hot bath awaited him; Erestor had opted to stand guard outside of the entry as the junior servants were dismissed from the room. 

After checking the temperature was acceptable, as he knew it would be, he slowly undressed. His tunic first then the silk shirt underneath, standing at over six feet tall, Yazoo admired his chiselled torso in the mirror to the side of him, the bathroom was well lit with frosted glass windows on the entire wall looking out.

His long, straight, silver hair cascaded down to the middle of his back as he undid the ponytail he had opted for when seeing his petitioners that day. He ran a hand through it before unclasping his belt and letting his trousers drop to the floor, he stepped out of them and kicked them to the side with the other garments. Double checking the door was closed and that he was alone he finally slid his boxers down and kicked them off into the heaped pile of clothing. 

Before sliding into the water, Yazoo took another look at his lithe naked body in the mirror and smiled softly to himself, he knew he had a good slender but toned body, his rippling abs, toned pecs and of course a good length between his legs, uncircumcised with just enough overhang on the head, probably about six inches soft and nine inches hard and nice low hanging balls to match.

He slid into the bath which was like a small marble pool, there was enough room to fit four or five people in at least, but this was just for him. Letting the warm water envelop his body, Yazz submerged his entire body under the water to wet his hair as well and when he returned to the surface he lay on his back floating and looked up to the ceiling as the brilliant light that shone through the frosted panes of glass, bathed his body in a different way. 

The young king touched his body, tracing the muscles on his torso and slowly guiding them to their ultimate prize, it was not often Yazz got the privacy to inspect and play with himself like this and he knew as much as he wanted to savour it, he would have to be quick now before Erestor or one of the other servants started to panic that he was going off schedule. 

Seizing the opportunity with both hands, one massaging his balls, the other his shaft, it didn't take long for Yazz to get hard and start pumping him cock slowly at first and then more vigorously. As important and powerful Yazz was, he has never seen anyone else naked up to yet so had no reference on these sorts of sexual matters so had had to teach himself in these short intimate moments. The hand that was massaging his balls slowly slid between his legs and his index finger softly massaged his tight virgin hole. It didn't take long after that point for Yazz to arch his back and try to stop his head from going under the water as he supressed a moan of complete euphoria as his load exploded from the end of his cock, splashing in the water and over his body.

Satisfied he coolly sat on the submerged seat in the bath and washed himself, making sure to take extra care of his cock while it was still sensitive he massaged the head and bit his lip gently before finishing the rest of his body before finally getting out of the bath and drying off with a towel which he wrapped around himself before going over to the towel radiator and adorning a fresh pair of boxers and a bath robe in gold. He loosely tied his hair back up and left the bathroom, paying no attention to the disdainful look his advisor gave him. 

"I hope you enjoyed yourself, your grace, but we are now behind time and need to catch up." He said as he followed the king into the dressing room.

Yazz glanced back "Most thoroughly as it happens, Erestor." He smirked and continued through.

Having people swarming him as he was dressed was apparently a necessary evil when readying for a ball or banquet, especially one that the aristocratic court deemed so important. Just as Yazz was being fitted with a new silk shirt to make sure the colour was correct, silver to match his hair, the doors to the fitting room burst open and the king's oldest friend entered. The door guard panicked slightly whilst announcing the uninvited guest. 

"His lordship, the Count of Montrue, Axel de ..." Before he could continue he was cut off by the young lordling.

"Yes yes, I am here; we are in a dressing room, save it for the banquet." Axel said as he rolled his eyes and approached the king who was still just wearing boxers and the silk shirt and had paid no attention to the intruder.

"That's a good look Yazz, which will certainly impress the fair maidens and no doubt of few of their not so fair old bastards of fathers, if you know what I mean." He said with a smirk "I mean why stop there, slip those boxers off and just show them the crown jewels, I know there is a good set there just by what I can see there." He chuckled and he lightly slapped the king's ass. 

"That is enough M'lord!" Erestor said in a stern tone "How dare you enter here and address the king in such a way? If your father could see you now he would be bitterly disappointed I am sure" He shook his head.

Yazoo looked down at Axel from the stool he was perched on "Now now Lord de Seville, you will make Erestor pop a blood vessel if you continue and then who would keep you in check? Or stop you molesting me whilst I try and dress" He returned the smirk. 

"Oh I do apologise your grace" He said sarcastically, still smirking like a Cheshire cat. "I only came to tell you that the bastard lords have started to arrive and trust me when I tell you every lord with the tiniest patch of land is coming with every daughter they have, some I hear are even bringing their mothers just in case you're into that." 

Yazz chuckled, unbeknownst to all, Yazz wouldn't even be interested in the daughters but he would play his part as king and dance and flirt and then reject them all in the most diplomatic way he could. "Come let us get me dressed quickly, I have an audience to attend." With haste the king stood handsome, adorned in an outfit fit only for the king of the great Kingdom he led. Medals and honours were strapped to his chest and a small but highly jewelled crown was placed on his head before he was led to the Ball room. 

The room came to a halt when the king stood at the entrance and the massive double doors were opened for him to enter a trumpeter announced his arrival and as he had with all the previous lords and ladies he then bellowed the announcement as well. 

"Be upstanding for the King of Armeneloss, his most royal highness, King Yazine Ar-Palantir Von Zarovich, first of his name, lord of the land, General of the royal army, son of the great king Xavier the brave." As Yazoo entered all the lords and ladies in the room bowed and curtsied as he made his way through the path that had been left to the throne and took his seat. A smaller throne sat empty at the side of him

"All rise my lords and ladies and may the night be one to be enjoyed." Yazoo announced and the music started from the orchestra in the balcony.

For the first part of the ball consisted, as Axel had warned, of lords and ladies of even the most minor of titled houses approaching to introduce daughters of all ages from eighteen to some in their mid-fifties, the ancient Baron of Swansland even tried to offer his daughter of sixty three to the king. Yazoo was gracious enough and said his niceties as required and even asked some general questions. Of course Erestor was at hand to whisper who the next person was, their titles, daughters and lines of inheritance if it was one that may strengthen the kingdom, such as that of the Grand dukes, whose coffers had always been in abundance. 

Yazoo soon started to trail his attention away, but just as he was about to lose all interest a young male approached the throne and bowed lowly, Yazz turned to Erestor who just shrugged as he had no clue either as to who the handsome blonde stranger was. Certainly dressed for the part the male soon straightened back up and smiled softly.

"Your grace, I am Lord Daniel of the snow valleys, a small house by all counts and one that has had little to do with the royal politics that most houses seem to revel in being part of." Daniel was nervous speaking to the king. "I apologise your grace I speak out of turn, I mean no disrespect, of course I pledge myself to the kingdom and your royal highness but..." 

Yazoo raised a hand and smiled "Lord Daniel, please no offence is taken, I do remember the Snow Valleys vaguely, I just didn't realise its lord was so, young."

Daniel looked up "I am the same age as your grace, twenty years." His sky blue eyes pierced that of Yazoo's as he replied meekly. 

Yazoo looked the other young lord up and down and noticed he was about the same age, short cropped platinum hair, a skinny figure but he could tell that he would have some definition and muscle, slightly shorter that the King but very handsome features and a very well-groomed facial hair. It baffled Yazoo that he had never seen this lord before and something stirred in him as he stared.

"... Your grace?" Daniel said puzzled, as he pulled Yazoo out the gaze he had fixed on him.

"Sorry!" Yazoo exclaimed as he stood. "Time for a drink I think, would you care to join me Lord Daniel?" 

Obviously he could not refuse the king so followed the king to the nearest table who had waved the servants away who were trying to get the drink for him. He poured two chalices of the thick red wine and passed one to the young Lord 

"To good health and new relationships" Yazoo said as he clinked his cup against Daniels, who reciprocated the toast. 

As it turned out, Daniel's father the previous lord of the border land of the snow valleys had recently passed, which is why he had never met the young new lord and that actual reason for him attending the banquet was to announce his father passing and allow the king to rightfully acknowledge him as the new lord of the lands his father and family had kept safe for the kingdom for generations.

He had no daughters or even sisters to offer the Yazoo and that made him like the young lord even more as it meant he wasn't looking for a marriage alliance to secure his titles or even more titles as was some of the royal vipers intentions for this night. Yazoo assured him he would announce and acknowledge this for Daniel but not tonight and requested the young lord stay in the capital for a few nights so he could call a council meeting. 

The night continued with the feast and the lords and ladies took their seats, of course in rank order, the King at the head of the table and Grand dukes, dukes, Marquis', Earls, Counts and barons and titled lords following suit. This was much to Yazz's disappointment as it meant his new friend was somewhere near the bottom of the table and he had to put up with the rowdy drunken nonsense of Axel who sat to the right of him. The rest of the night concluded without incident except for the odd drunken fool trying to contest other drunken fools for their lands, titles and even daughters. 

The next day Yazoo had a busy schedule, there was to be a small council meeting, in which he had invited Daniel to attend so that he could keep his promise of announcing the new Lord of the Snow Valley's. The decree was passed to him as he entered the council chambers and took his place at the head of the table. Soon after the grand councillors entered and took their respective seats followed finally by a sheepishly shy Lord Daniel who clearly had no idea of what he was stepping into or what protocol to adhere to. 

"Lord Daniel, come sit by me please." The king announced to help the young lord stop looking so lost. 

The other lords, mainly dukes looked at each other in disdain that they were not allowed to sit so high upon council table. Daniel took the seat which matched the rest of the councils but was dwarfed by the Kings chair which had a tall back and was actually a small throne that had been pulled up to the table. 

The master of coin stood and faced the King "Your grace the seat that Lord Daniel sits upon is reserved for the queen." He said in a matter of fact tone. 

Yazoo was suffering with his head from the banquet and was in no mood for the pettiness of his councillors today, it was only to fulfil his promise to Dan that he had even convened the meeting so was quite scathing in his reply. 

"Then call him Queen Daniel and shut the fuck up and sit down Reynold" He sternly said as he shot a warning stare at the other councillors as to warn them off annoying him today.

The older male sunk back into his chair red faced and remained quite unless the topic he was present for was mentioned. After a rather dull meeting about the cost of the banquet, further patrols on the outskirts of the border lands and the passing of a new law on some subject or other that probably meant that the Dukes would become richer by doing no extra work. The King finally stood and made his announcement 

"The last thing on the agenda is the acknowledgement of the Snow Valley's borders, as some of you may know; the man that sits beside me is Daniel, son of Lord Lancel, count of the Snow Valley's." A few murmurs emanated the room in agreement. "It is with great sadness I have been informed of Lord Lancel's passing. Therefore I as King acknowledge Daniel as his only surviving heir and hereby declare that Daniel will become Count of the Snow Valleys and lord protector of the border province it controls." He turned to Dan and passed him the scroll which had the imperial seal in purple wax, showing the royal crest of Von Zarovich. 

Daniel smiled brightly as he received the scroll and thanked the King profusely before bowing deeply to his liege.

"Thank you, your royal highness." He said before straightening back up.

The meeting was then concluded and the council left the chambers, leaving the King alone while he pored over the papers in private before retiring for the day to sooth his head. Or so he hoped ... 

Later that evening there was a commotion outside the royal suites which disturbed the king from his slumber, just as he was about to draw the curtains to see outside, a troop of royal guards entered, the guard Lieutenant approached the King and stopped him opening the drapes. 

"My liege it is not safe outside, there has been an attack and a mysterious figure has attacked one of the guests from last night and left him for dead. We must get you to safety until we are sure it is clear or the culprit is caught." He stated as he stood to attention. 

Yazz raised an eyebrow intrigued "Pray tell, who has been attacked? Are they still alive?" He asked as he thought of the political implications of what might happen if one of his lords died whilst under the capitals protection.

The Lieutenant still at attention replied "I... I am not sure your grace, a young noble from the northern lands a Count if I am informed corr..."

Before the guard could finish Yazoo ran off, his silk robe flowing behind him as it opened as he ran, exposing his torso and tight boxers that he had been wearing in bed. He ran at full pace barefooted past anyone that got in his way, blood rushed to his head as the adrenaline took over, his head was even worse now but he had to save Daniel.

As he burst into the infirmary, the royal doctor stood over the lifeless body, Yazz saw blood everywhere and then he saw the slash mark in the side of Daniels abdomen where the dagger had penetrated. 

"Is it too late?" He asked as his voice cracked as he stared at the limp body on the table. 

The doctor was a marvel at his craft and barely paid attention to the King "It is close, but he is still bleeding and barely breathing." He said as he started applying pressure to the wound.For what seemed like an eternity, the doctor worked and Yazz sat in the room and waited for any news before eventually falling asleep in the chair he was sat in. 

When he finally woke, he had tears in his eyes and then panicked in case Daniel had passed away while he slept. He looked over to the bed and saw the young lord asleep but breathing away, his slender exposed torso was wrapped in bandages. The doctor monitored him from the desk he had in the room. 
