 As requested, a follow up. I'm not as proud of this one as I was the first, and I think that's because I saw the first as finished. I hope you enjoy it, though.

*****

I was on my way out to work when I heard the sound of something hitting the side of the house. It was the distinctive sound of someone shooting hoops in my driveway. Only one person would be doing that. Jake Turner.

Lupe rushed into the living room and looked at me in an accusatory way.

"This is your fault," he told me, "You just had to go stir that hornet's nest. Did you listen to my infinite wisdom on this matter? No. You just had to go and fuck that guy."

"We didn't fuck," I lied for the umpteenth time. I promised to keep Jake's secret, and I did. It wasn't my fault he had me screaming loud enough for Lupe to hear me down the hall.

"I remember that night, Eric," he told me in no uncertain words, his hand resting on a cocked hip, "Either he was fucking you, or he was beating you, and I don't see any bruises."

Good thing he couldn't see my ass. It's taken me the whole of the last week to recuperate from the best fuck of my life. Jake set my body on fire with lust, and even as I denied the event ever happened, I smoldered with the lingering memory of his big cock buried in my ass. Even as I denied he ever fucked me, I lay in bed alone at night, wrecked and ruined by a man I knew I couldn't have.

"I told him he could shoot hoops anytime he wanted, and I'm keeping my word on that. Besides, maybe he wants to be friendly."

"Oh, my God!" Lupe exclaimed, turning dramatically in a little circle, "That man doesn't have a friendly bone in his entire body."

"The way you tell it, he has at least one." Lupe just stared at me. My joke must have flown right over his head, or he just didn't think it was funny. I couldn't tell which.

"I have to go, Lupe. It's alright. Just let him be and everything will be fine." I took him in for a hug. "I promise."

"Okay, I trust you," he told me, pulling out of the hug. "It's him I don't trust."

I exited the house through the door that led into the garage, to get my bike out. I stood at the garage door, trembling, and waited until Jake made another shot, then pulled the garage door open.

There he was, wearing nothing but basketball shorts and high tops. His broad, hairy chest heaving with his physical activity. He looked at me. I looked at him.

"Hey, Jake," I said in a friendly voice as I pulled the garage door closed.

"Hey," he said with a nod. As cold and distant as ever. "Where are you heading?" he asked as I rolled my bike into the street.

"I'm on my way to work," I answered, hiking my leg over the top tube, "I work as a bartender at the Stallion."

"That's a gay bar, isn't it?"

"Yes, it is." I smiled.

"I'm not a fag," he told me, his voice was defensive.

"There are plenty of straight guys from the neighborhood who hang out there. We have cheap beer."

"That's not what I mean." It took me a moment to realize he was referring to the other night.

"Oh," I said, my heart feeling heavy in my chest, "I never said you were." Silence lingered between us as we just stood there, looking at each other. "I really need to go, or I'll be late."

"Sure. Maybe I'll see you around sometime."

"That would be nice," I called back to him, kicking off and peddling away. I cursed myself for smiling most of the trip. Why was I getting all mushy about Jake? We had some fun, and he was clear that he wasn't looking for anything more than that. I was setting myself up for heartbreak. Maybe Lupe was right. I never should have let him fuck me.

Being a Friday night, the bar was hopping, and I was kept so busy I didn't have any time to think about Jake Turner. That didn't stop me from looking up every time someone entered or exited the front door, expecting to see his hostile looking face.

I rode home feeling energized and light. I loved my job. The energy of the bar's patrons like a psychic vampire. It was a rare night that I ended a shift feeling tired. Horny, yes, but never tired.

As I approached my house, I slowed and looked over at the house Jake shared with his father. Someone was standing in the window. The curtain was quickly pulled back into place as I brazenly waved to whomever it was that was looking out. Was it Jake? Was he waiting up for me to come home? 

Nonsense, I told myself as I returned my bike to the garage. It was probably his lunatic of a father spying on the neighbors again. I remembered when Lupe and I first moved in. Jake's father came out, cursing about the fags moving in across the street. He all but carried a protest sign up and down the sidewalk.

With the memory of my night with Jake on my mind, I went upstairs and locked my bedroom door. Lying in bed, I pulled out my dildo and slipped it into my ass, pumping it in and out of me, trying to replicate Jake's movements. The dildo wasn't as large as he was, and my manipulation of the latex cock wasn't as skilled as Jake's fucking. I gave up on the ass play and stroked myself off, falling asleep soon after.

Three days later, it was raining cats and dogs outside. I pulled my umbrella out of the stand next to the front door and walked out onto the front porch, stilling myself against the prospects of walking six blocks in that mess, debating if I was being paid enough.

Across the street, I saw Jake run from his front door to get in his car. I stepped off the porch, unfolding my umbrella against the onslaught. As I made it to the sidewalk, Jake pulled up next to me and opened the door.

"Get in," he called to me.

I obeyed and climbed into the front seat with him. He took off as soon as I had my door shut. 

"Thanks," I told him, "I really appreciate this."

"Not a problem," he answered, never taking his eyes off the road, "I was on my way to the grocery store, and it's on the way, so..."

"Jake, the grocery store is in the opposite direction."

"What I meant was it's not out of my way."

We pulled into the parking lot and Jake stopped the car at the entrance.

"When do you get off?"

"When you fuck me." I joked. He rolled his eyes and huffed at me. "The bar closes at midnight tonight, so I'll be out around one."

"I'll pick you up."

"You don't have to do that," I protested.

"I know that." He gave me a look I remembered from our days in high school, the look he gave me before he pushed me out of his way.

"Okay then," I mumbled as I crawled out of the car and headed into the bar. 

I was thirty minutes early, so I ordered a shot of tequila. It was a Monday, so it would probably be slow, and even slower with the rain coming down in sheets. That was going to give me too much down time, too much time spent waiting for Jake to pick me up. I felt the smoldering embers of my passion heat up with the effects of the tequila. It was going to be a long night.

Jake was outside, waiting in the car when I closed the bar. The rain was still falling, but it had slacked off a little. I was nonetheless soaked by the time I got the door locked and climbed into the car. Jake handed me a towel to dry myself off with. The man thought of everything.

We drove home in silence. I had the impression he was in a mood I couldn't read. Instead of pulling into my drive way, he pulled into his.

"Wanna come in for a while?" he asked, killing the engine.

"What about your father? Aren't you worried about him seeing us together?"

"My father died three days ago," he told me in a frank way.

"Oh, I'm so sorry, Jake." I instinctively took his hand in mine.

"Don't be too sorry," he told me giving my hand a little squeeze. "He was my father and all, but he was an asshole. A drunk and an asshole. The world is better off without him."

"When is the funeral?" I asked, thinking I'd send flowers.

"There won't be one. He had no friends, and I'm his only family."

There was a long silence, then he turned and leaned into me, kissing me. The kiss seemed innocent at first, tender and questioning. I pressed my lips into his, opening my mouth when he did to welcome his tongue to dance with mine. We kissed for several minutes, with nothing but the sound of the rain on the roof of the car to keep us company, then he pulled away, taking in a long steadying breath.

"I'm about to go into that house, where I will be alone with my demons tonight, unless you come with me." The words rushed out of him, like he had no control of his mouth or mind.

"Okay, I'll come with you." I told him without a second thought. My response surprised me a little. It wasn't motivated by the hope of him fucking me again. I said yes, simply because I knew he needed me. In that moment, Jake needed someone to break the silence in his life, and he asked me to do it for him. How could I have said no?"

We ran through the rain and entered Jake's house. The place was in a sad state of affairs. There were boxes filled with liquor bottles sitting near the door, and every table top was covered with papers and empty take out containers. I tried not to notice the stack of girlie magazines sitting on the coffee table. The place needed a thorough cleaning.

"Sorry about the mess," he said, moving deeper into the house, "I keep thinking I'm going to get this place cleaned, but I just can't seem to get ahead."

"Maybe you need help," I suggested.

"Maybe," He picked up a half empty beer bottle and took a long swig from it. "And maybe I need to just toss a match to the place."

"I don't think that would solve any problems," I told him quietly, "It might just cause more."

"My old man wasn't good at showing affection," he told me, "But he had one hell of a right hook. I've been afraid of him my whole life."

"And now that he's gone?"

"Now I don't have anyone to answer to, and that scares the fuck out of me." He looked at me, drawing closer to me on the couch.

I remembered how he once stuck up for me. I was in the locker room, being harassed by a football jock I was regularly sucking off behind his girlfriend's back, because she wouldn't. Apparently, she finally gave in, and he started harassing me, calling me a fag and all, every chance he got.

"Leave the guy alone," Jake told him.

"What's this?" replied the jock, who was feeling his oats, "Is Jake Turner taking up for fags now? Do you have something you would like to share with the rest of us?" There was laughter from the other boys in the locker room.

Out of nowhere, Jake cold cocked the guy, sending him into the lockers before falling to the floor. Jake then stepped over the guy, straddling him.

"What did you say to me?" Jake asked in an eerily calm voice, bending down to look him in the eye.

"Nothing, Turner," the guy squealed, trying to catch the blood oozing from his nose, "I didn't say anything."

"No?" Jake asked, standing upright to look around at the other boys, who were frozen and silent. "Maybe it was someone else." The locker room exploded in movement as the rest of the class hurried to be doing something- anything- else than be a witness to what was going on. I was frozen in pace, unable to look away from the magnificent specimen of manhood I was watching.

"Nobody?" Jake bellowed. No one answered. "Well, I guess it must have been those fucking voices again" he finally said, giving me a sly wink.

It suddenly occurred to me that that was the real Jake Turner, and he would do anything for me. It was the same Jake Turner who chanced being outed if it meant he could have me, even if it was just the one time.

I threw my arms around him, kissing him deeply. He kissed me back, laughing. In one quick motion, he picked me up, pulling me to my feet. 

He stripped off his shirt. I stood and touched his strong chest, running my fingers through the thick tufts of brown hair that covered his chest. I looked up at him, smiling. He reached down and puled my shirt off, quickly slipping one of my hairless nipples in his mouth. He suckled it, flicking his tongue across it. I whimpered with the rush of pleasure that spread over my chest, sending shockwaves down to my hardening dick.

He released me, and I pulled at his belt. He kicked off his shoes while I worked on unbuttoning his 501s. He shucked out of his pants and underwear in a hurry, exposing that big, hard cock. It must have been eight inches long, and impossibly thick. I worried I wouldn't be able to suck it.

I leaned in, running my fingers through the thick thatch of pubic hair then followed his treasure trail up across his hairy, hard stomach. Then I pressed the big head of his cock against my lips, enjoying the feeling of his engorged flesh against them. I extended my tongue to lick the underside of the head. Jake responded by taking in a deep breath.

Opening my mouth wide, I took the head of his dick into my mouth. My jaws felt like they were going to dislocate as I tried to accommodate his girth. I pushed as much of him as I could into my mouth, but I couldn't take it all. It was just too thick to deepthroat.

Bobbing my head, I fucked his cock aggressively with my mouth, swirling the head around in my mouth, sucking it like a lollipop. I wanted to bring him to orgasm, and I needed to do it quickly. My jaw soon began to ache, my eyes teared up.

He pulled out of my mouth and took a step back. Without needing to hear his order, I rose and stripped out of my pants. I climbed onto the edge of the couch, presenting my ass to him.

I felt something warm and wet against my hole. It felt amazing. I looked over my shoulder and saw he was face down in my ass. It was his tongue! He was working over my hole with his tongue, eating my ass out like a pussy. I tried to relax and just enjoy the feeling of his tongue flicking across my hole, the tip of it pushing into me.

After a couple of minutes, he stood and pressed his erection against my sphincter, which opened up to him like an old friend. He slipped into me with ease and began to slowly, deliberately fuck me. I knew there was plenty of time for him to have his way with me, and it was clear he was going to get all he could out of me while he had the chance.

His thick cock was doing something to my prostate that soon had me closing my eyes, focused entirely on how wonderful his fucking me felt. He fucked me for several minutes with those wonderful, long, slow strokes, and I began to wonder if he would ever cum, secretly wishing he would never stop.

I felt my own orgasm building in my balls. A wave of pleasure washed over my body like warm liquid. My skin began to tingle all over. I looked down at my hard cock to see cum drizzle out of the head. Another wave washed over me, more intense than the first. I didn't know what was happening to me, but I didn't want it to stop.

"Oh, fuck me," I whispered, biting my lip as I once more caught the edge of another wave of pleasure. 

"What was that?" he panted.

"Fuck me," I pleaded, unable to deny my need for him any longer, "Fuck me like you would fuck a woman."

He continued fucking, his thrusts becoming harder, urgent. His hands slipped to my chest, playing with my nipples. My body was a drift in an ocean of ecstasy, trembling with the effort it took me to remain on my knees. 

I felt pressure building in my ass and my balls, slowly growing harder, like a ball was forming in my guts. I felt it explode and realized an orgasmic sensation that shook my body to the core, leaving me breathless. I looked down and watched as my cock shot cum across the cushion of Jake's couch.

Finally, he grabbed my hips firmly with his big hands as he slammed his long, thick cock into my ass. Urgently he rammed my hole, then came inside me. Grinding his pelvis against me, he flooded my ass with his cum. 

The two of us remained like that for some time, bound together in the afterglow. He recovered and slowly fucked me a little while longer. I assumed he sensed that I was in no condition to move just yet. I was strangely energized, but with a sense of complete relaxation.

Pulling his cock free from my still hungry hole, he slapped my ass cheek playfully before collapsing on the couch beside me. I moved carefully to sit down next to him. My legs too weak to move quickly.

"What the fuck was that?" I asked out loud.

"I just fucked you, stupid." He smiled mischievously. 

"I know that. I mean what happened to my body. I've never felt anything like that before."

"How would I know?" 

I watched as he stood and moved to get dressed, pulling on his underwear, not bothering with his pants.

"You know the way out," he said as he walked out of the room. I saw him stop and turn around.

"I know, this never fucking happened." I said, echoing what he told me the first time he fucked me.

He considered my words, then nodded and walked down the hallway. I heard a door close and assumed he was going to bed.

Slipping into my clothes, I left the house and walked through the rain, enjoying the cooling effect it had on me. 

On my next day off, I went to help Jake clean out his house. I even convinced Lupe and Brian to help, suggesting it would be good for my safety. The four of us managed to clear out everything Jake didn't want or need.

About a week later, I saw Jake come out of his house with a woman in tow. They were laughing, and he looked happy. For a quick moment I hated her for not being me, then I envied her. Closing the door, I returned to the life I had come to love before Jake entered my life.