 King Edmond was in court. His nobles were all congratulating him and sharing condolences for the death of his father, King Robert. Edmond's elder brother, Alexander, was next in line for the throne of Alnwick but he was still in exile in the Easter Mandese Kingdom where he had eloped with the beautiful warrior Princess Mae Ling. He showed no sign of returning so the crown was bestowed upon Edmond. He was twenty years old but still naive. Alexander had been raised to become King after their father. Edmond had all the advantages in life but he was not prepared to bear the burden that was thrust upon his shoulders. A youthful King with had no experience had given the nobles a cause for concern. Their calls were beginning to give him a headache. 

"Majesty you must turn your attention to the war that is brewing overseas with Elgany. Tensions are rising!" called another. 

"With respect your priorities should be what is happening in this Kingdom. The people will be looking to you for leadership." said another. 

Bickering erupted amongst them and Edmond dropped his head into his hands. Their voices became a rabbling mixture that no longer made sense. The king felt a hand grip his shoulder. He looked up to find his trusted adviser Justus behind him. 

"I think I need some air!" gasped Edmond. 

Justus' black skin shone in the soft lighting. His full lips stretched into a smile. He raised his voice over the king. "The king is going to retire for a few moments. He is not to be disturbed."

One of the younger noblemen stepped forward. He was dressed in fine purple silk and his neck and fingers glittered with gold. "What provisions will be made for the poor?" 

Edmond was lifted onto his feet by Justus' strong grip and pushed down from the alter where the throne sat and onto the floor amongst them. "Questions will be answered upon our return." Justus said. 

The voices of the nobles lowered to a soft drone as the spoke amongst themselves. Edmond stepped out onto the balcony. The icy cool air caressed his face like soft hands. He could almost hear singing in the notes of the wind. The balcony was high in the castle which overlooked the vast valley of mountains and rivers below. The moon was offering a silver spotlight on the Kingdom. 

Justus joined him, closing the door behind him. Edmond turned back to his view. He heard the click of the lock. "Are you feeling okay?" asked Justus.

Edmond took a deep breath. "It's all just a little too much." he replied. 

Justus stood beside him and leaned on the rail. "I'm afraid you don't have the luxury of time. You are the king now." 

Edmond pulled back. A flutter of anger rose in his chest. "I didn't ask for any of this. Alexander should be here." 

Justus interrupted. "Do you think he was selfish for leaving for love?" 

Edmond shook his head. "I'm just under prepared ... that is all..." 

"I know you are frightened, most men would be but you have accepted your duty and that is admirable." 

Edmond smiled. Justus smiled too. Most of the time the adviser carried himself with efficiency and seriousness. He addressed his peers and charges with a stoic expression but when he did smile it was always large and warm. Edmond loved to hear the sound of his laughter. It always began within his abdomen and rose in deep tones. He wasn't much older than Edmond but he had been the Royal Adviser for as long as he could remember. From the moment the intelligent young man arrived from the exotic Southern Province Edmond had admired his strength. 

"Being king is in your blood," Justus reminded him. "You have the heart of a king." 

Edmond's fair hair had been ruffled in the wind. His emerald eyes were glowing with emotion. "I'm glad you're here with me." he said. 

Justus ran his hand softly onto Edmond's arm. "I'm always here as your adviser and your friend." 

Edmond was reminded of the last time he and Justus were so close. They had been amongst a hunting party. Edmond had broken away from the others chasing a young buck that would be his first kill. Justus had noticed and followed after him, calling him back. Edmond ignored the voice and climbed off his horse. The buck had disappeared into the darkness of the forest. Edmond tried to follow but he missed his step and was sent tumbling down a muddy hill. Justus tried to catch him but he too tripped. He landed on top of the young prince. Edmond's milky skin was dirty giving him a rugged appearance. They stared at each other without separating. Edmond could feel Justus' growing arousal pressing against his thigh. Alexander called from above causing them to finally draw apart. 

"I'm sorry." Justus had muttered. 

'Sorry for what?' Edmond had wondered at the time. 

So as they stood in the cold breeze of the balcony and the nobles talked and drank inside Edmond felt the same rush of blood to his face and his loins he had felt that day. It was the same that no beautiful woman since had been able to achieve. 

"I'm glad you're here." Edmond repeated before pressing his lips against Justus.

Justus pulled back. "I'm sorry Your Majesty." 

Edmond laughed. "Stop apologising..."

"What about the other's inside?" Justus pointed to the balcony door. The glass gave a view of the room where the nobles moved to and fro. 

"Let them talk." said the new king. "You light a fire in me Justus that I have never felt before. I want you close to me. I want you here. I want you now." 

With these words Justus gave one last glance over his shoulder before launching himself forward and taking the king in a passionate kiss. Edmond could feel the hardness against him. He knew he wanted him too. Justus had been ashamed of such thoughts but high on the balcony it felt like they were free to explore each other. 

Edmond pulled Justus' shirt open, exposing a muscular chest. He ran his hands over it before tasting it with his lips. Justus emitted a small moan of pleasure. This excited Edmond even more. He liked hearing the moans. He reached his hand down into Justus' trousers and felt his throbbing member. He pulled it free and ran his hand along it's length. Justus moaned again but louder. Edmond offered him a sly smile and stepped back against the balcony edge. Justus was large and waiting for him. He drew closer to the king and pressed himself between his legs. Slowly he began thrusting upwards. It was Edmond's turn to moan then. Justus leaned hs head on the king's shoulder and was grunting as he pounded against him over and over again. Edmond could feel himself rising to meet Justus' passion.

A body moved past the window drawing Edmond's attention momentarily when Justus' large hand drove into his trousers and pulled him free. 

"Wait!" Edmond protested, worried that someone might see them. Justus didn't listen. He gripped Edmond and turned him so that his back was to him. Edmond felt the cold marble of the balcony against his exposed flesh. Justus put a hand on his back and bent him over. Justus grunted again and his hand reached up to Edmond's head. He gripped his hair tightly before releasing it again. He pulled Edmond's trousers down to his ankles exposing his behind. With both of their backs to the door there was no knowing if someone was watching the spectacle. At first Edmond felt a firing pain as Justus entered him but this subdued to a pressure that was not entirely unpleasant. 

"I want you..." the king cried out. 

Justus placed both his hands tightly on Edmond's hips. He began thrusting again, softly at first causing Edmond's own hardened piece to brush provocatively against the marble. He leaned over farther so Justus could enter him deeper. The thrusts became faster and more intense. Justus was making guttural noises of pleasure and Edmond could feel him tremble against him. Harder and faster he went until he suddenly stopped and emitted his most excited moan yet. Edmond felt him throb inside as he was spent. Pulling himself free of his lover caused spurts of ecstasy to escape against his milky flesh. 

Edmond turned back to face him as Justus was tucking his long black member inside his trousers. There was something in his eyes he had never seen before. Passion? It was like he was seeing the man for the first time. There was a whole new part of him that he wanted to explore more. 

Justus kissed him again. The warmth of his lips sparked new electricity between them. Justus pulled away. He gave the king that passionate look again before slowly dropping to his knees. Edmond closed his eyes and leaned his head back as Justus ran his tongue along the length of his rigid erection, before sliding the tip between his lips. Edmond was immediately freed into a zealous yearning for more. He clutched justus' tight curls and pushed him deeper onto his aching bulge. Justus began to bob his head up and down in a rhythm that Edmond began bucking his hips to. He groaned and he sighed. He held onto Justus' head and probed his waiting mouth. Justus' moans were muffled by the weight in his mouth. The king's throbbing shaft disappeared between the advisers lips. Justus sucked the rod hard. 

"Yes!" Edmond cried out as he speared Justus' throat. He threw his own head back and with Justus' still clasped between his hands he exploded in an uncontrollable burst of spraying. Most of the juice went down Justus' throat but as he removed his rigid flesh some of it squirted onto his velvety face. 

With a cheeky expression Justus ran his thumb along his face and wiped away the king's fiery brand from his lips and cheek. 

Kind Edmond returned himself into his trousers. "Thank you!" he said almost light headed with giddiness. 

"We had better get back inside." said Justus. The last thing he did before he returned to his usual stoic self was offer a flippant slap on Edmond's buttocks. 

Justus continued in the night like nothing had happened. He spoke to the nobles with no change in mannerisms. Every now and again he offered King Edmond that passionate look and Edmond couldn't wait to get him alone again.