 I thought I was about to die. I had persuaded Auntie B that I had to go alone to find the man of my dreams. After arguing back and forth for two months she had agreed and had settled a remarkable amount of money on me. I journeyed as a man, for obvious reasons, though my masculine clothes already felt to me as though they were a disguise. I went to the first city the sixteenth century traveller had mentioned after he left the country where men-women were prized. I inquired about the countries around and sought out historians who might know accounts of other travellers to strange places. At last I encountered a man who claimed to have been in contact with what he called 'heathen tribes' many years before and, for a large honorarium, he agreed to be my guide. I pretended I was an anthropologist searching for forgotten cultures.

At first we travelled on horse-back through lush savannah where game was plentiful. In my former life I had learnt to ride (both astride and side-saddle) and to shoot with rifles and pistols so we were never short of meat for the pot. After a week the land became stonier and then turned to sand. We left our horses at a caravanserai and hired camels. Then life became hard, beginning with a sand-storm which blew for days, wiping out our sense of direction and stinging our eyes, so that we rode much of the time blind. Whether my guide had really been this way before, I do not know; I think he was, by his own lights, an honest man, but one who had not been able to resist earning good money by exaggerating the extent of his knowledge and experience. We had hired four men to assist us and so we entered the desert as a party of six. Three nights into the sandstorm we woke to find the four new members of our party had gone; presumably they had realised the limits of our guide's abilities before I did. Two nights later I woke alone; my erstwhile guide had taken both camels with him. I was left with my water bottle, a strip of dried antelope meat and my pistol. As the sun rose the sand storm subsided. The heat rapidly became unbearable. I had no idea of the direction from which we had come since the wind had obliterated all marks we had made.

I tried walking but that soon became torture. I found a thorn bush and huddled below it but it offered only the slightest shade. I tried digging myself into the sand to escape the sun and soon collapsed, exhausted. I decided to walk at night. We had been heading south and so long as there was not another sand storm I could try to navigate by the stars. After another day I had finished my water. That night I lay on my back and prepared to die. I looked up at the millions of stars wheeling slowly above me. Far on the northern horizon Orion the great hunter was rising and I was glad of his company, for all the other constellations which had been the companions of my life had disappeared and been replaced by gods and demons I knew not.

I spoke to Orion. 'Oh, companion of my childhood, you who saw me become the woman I really am, please look through the disguise I am wearing and, if I must die in this dreadful place, bear witness to the woman who will lie here for all time.'

I added, 'Oh husband of the golden visage, I am so sorry. I longed to be your wife and to make amends for my betrayal of you.'

Then I summoned such little strength I had remaining to cry out to the stars, 'Orion, lord, at least let my lord, the golden one, find and bury my bones.'

I closed my tired eyes and slept.

How much later I started to come to consciousness I do not know. I was sitting upright on a horse; strong arms held me tight to a massive chest. Lips kissed my forehead and a voice said, 'Sleep, my darling. You are safe now.' And again I slept.

I half-woke and slept many times. I lay on soft pillows and between fine linen sheets. Hands bathed and fed me. Someone held my hands and I felt bereft when he released them. I sensed, rather than saw, women in flowing garments moving purposefully about me. Then I woke to see sunlight and feel a cool breeze coming through an open window. I felt as if I had entered the morning of the world and everything was coming alive, including me. I turned my head and there, sitting on a low stool next to my bed, was my golden man. I shall never forget the look of overwhelming joy on his face when he realised I had woken fully and could see him.

He sank on his knees beside me, took my face in his hands and kissed me again and again on lips, eyelids, cheeks, murmuring, 'My dearest love. I feared I had lost you for ever. You were almost dead when I found you and you have been away from me for so long I dreaded you might never awake in your right mind.'

A new face swam into my line of sight, that of a beautiful woman.

'Brother,' she said, 'Now your lady is awake you must give leave for the doctor to examine her and decide her treatment.' Then addressing me she said, 'My brother, the Prince, your future husband if you so agree, has sat by your bed each night since he brought you in from the desert ten days ago. It is time he took some rest.'

I asked urgently, 'But how did you find me? How did I see you twice before? What is the name of this land.' My golden man placed his finger on my lips, he kissed me softly and said, 'You will know all in time. There is only one question which matters at this moment.'

Still on his knees he raised my hand to his lips and said, 'Will you do me the great honour of becoming my wife?'

'Oh, please,' I almost shouted, choking back tears of joy.

The lady laughed quietly and said, 'Thank you, my sister to be. You can see the effect you have on my brother.'

As my lover rose to his feet I saw that his white, pleated kilt, was being stretched forward by a most promising bulge. Then I noticed that a similar but smaller bulge was apparent in the 'lady's' skirt. She saw the direction my eyes had taken and laughed again, 'Oh, brother, she has already discovered the truth about the ladies who will attend her. Yes, sister, we are women like you.'

Our wedding was fixed for two weeks later, by which time, the doctor thought that, with daily exercise in which I was aided by my ladies, I should be fit enough to be taken by my husband without harm to myself. My lover came to see me for several hours twice a day. We talked and talked and he kissed and fondled me but we went no further in our love making before the marriage. At some time I shall tell you about the country and about the strange powers which enabled my lover to communicate with me before I came to this land but first I want to describe the most magical day of my life, my wedding day.

Jasmine, my lover's sister and my chief lady in waiting, told me that the ceremony would be very simple between her brother and me. After we had consummated our marriage my husband would announce the fact and there would be general rejoicing. For a month all except the most urgent business of state would be suspended, so that my husband could spend all his time with me. Then there would be a great reception at which the rulers of the two neighbouring principalities and their wives and all those who had married at the same time as us (I didn't understand the implications of this at the time but I shall tell you later) would be presented to me.

Each day I exercised and each day my ladies shaved my body and anointed me with scented oils. The skin of my face had lost the fiery hue burnt into it by the desert sun and when I looked in my mirror I saw that all of my body had returned to the uniform milky whiteness with a blush of pink I had been used to seeing. In our sort of women this hue was particularly prized, I was told, and my ladies sometimes exclaimed about the beauty of my skin, the roundness of my buttocks (or 'gateways to paradise' as they are called in this land), the delicate swell of my breasts, the rosiness of my nipples and the tightness with which my rosebud was furled. This latter they commented on particularly as they cleansed my cunt, my pussy, for my husband's entry.

On the day I was washed and scented as usual. My ladies gently retracted my balls, pulled my foreskin over my penis and taped it all together lightly, to hold a shape temporarily until my husband should release it. They cleaned me with special care and scented my rosebud with a delicate perfume I had not met before.

'It is the bride perfume,' they explained. 'The custom'.

As evening approached they dressed me in a transparent pleated shift which clung to my shape, rather like the dresses I had seen in Ancient Egyptian sculptures in museums. It was held in place by clasps at my shoulders. Jasmine described the ritual sequence through which Leo (my husband) and I should move. As she took my hand to lead me out of my rooms to go to the bridal chamber and what would be from now on mine and my husband's bedroom I hung back. Jasmine divined my embarrassment and said, 'No man will see you as you go, all but naked, to your glorious fate, only your women. Even the guards have orders on pain of death not to enter this wing of the palace today unless ordered to do so directly by the Prince.'

The room we entered was lit softly by candles in sconces on the walls. Two floor-length windows looked out high above the main square of the city, where, Jasmine told me, the citizens would gather to celebrate the news of my deflowering, which was believed to bring prosperity to the nation. The room was dominated by a great bed, covered simply in white linen. My ladies led me to it, lay me down, my arms outstretched, and arranged my shift to show my shape to best advantage. Then each of them kissed my hand as she left. Jasmine stroked my face and said, 'Please be good to my brother. He has loved you all your life. When he was nine years old he saw your birth in a vision and told our father that you would be his wife.' Then she kissed me on the cheek and followed them.

I lay for several minutes lost in a trance, absorbing what Jasmine had just said. So Leo had always known me and known me for his. I blushed at the remembrance of touching Colin's cock with my lips and knowing that my husband had witnessed the act.

The door opened and Leo entered. He moved slowly, his great frame supporting a massive cloak of gold brocade, sewn with pearls, girt about with a belt which flashed with diamonds. He stopped half way across the room towards me. The doors closed behind him silently.

He looked directly at me and said, 'I must formally ask if you will become the wife of my body, of my mind and my spirit, the joy of my bed, the spouse of my hours waking and sleeping.'

I rose to a sitting position and repeated the formula Jasmine had taught me, 'I will. My cunt is your handmaiden; your cock is my lord. '

Leo unfastened his belt, let it fall to the floor, and shrugged off the weighty cloak which settled around his feet. He stepped from its folds. He was completely naked. I estimated that he must be at least six feet eight inches tall (in fact, when he allowed me to measure every part of him in our hours of play, I discovered he stood at six feet ten inches. I had been mistaken because of how muscular he was.) His shoulders and chest were massive, his hips were narrow but swelled into superb thighs and calves. His skin was a golden fawn colour, his gilded hair curled about his glorious face and a matt of golden hair shimmered on his great pectorals and became a thin river to his navel and beyond, where it formed a bush of bright gold, from which sprang the most stupendous cock, almost a foot in length and thick as my wrist, below which hung balls more enticing than ripe peaches and as large. His cock stood almost vertical.

Leo took my hands in his and raised me to my feet, then I did as I had been told and as I desperately wanted. I fell to my knees, placed my hands around his shining pole and kissed its great golden helmet. I took as much as I could into my mouth and I savoured the sweet and bitter taste of man at his most divine.

Leo asked me, 'Do you take this cock as the owner and inhabitant of your cunt?'

I replied 'I do.' Then, as instructed, I added, 'Do you raise this maiden to be your wife, your cunt, your cocksucker?'

He said, 'I do', then he unhooked the brooches at my shoulders and my shift sank to my feet. He lifted me in his arms and laid me naked on the bed. First he kissed my lips. Then he moved to my breasts and suckled on my nipples whilst I moaned and writhed, then his tongue sought out my navel and his hands grasped my buttocks and pulled them apart. He turned me on my face and licked my rosebud. I squirmed with delight as he groaned into my buttocks and I began to see why they are called the 'gateways to paradise'. His tongue licked at the pucker of my cunt and she started to open and close and open again as his tongue tip entered and bathed my pussy lips and the beginning of my channel. I cried out in delight and he turned me over and put my legs on his shoulders.

He pushed two of his fingers into my mouth and I sucked on them. He inserted one into my pussy and I threshed from side to side with the ecstasy of it. I heard myself moaning higher and higher as he inserted his second finger and he pushed deeper and deeper. He touched my prostate and my legs grasped the great column of his neck and I pulled his mouth down to my enraptured lips.

'It is time, my divine one, my love,' he said and he began to insert his golden helmet into the home where it now belonged. At first my pucker refused his entry and he became more urgent as his need escalated. The head burst with one swift movement through the tight wall of my defence. It hurt worse than any pain I had ever known. I screamed and he paused. He allowed me to rest until my spasms had quietened and then gently but firmly he pressed forward. I bit back a second scream and again he rested and then resumed that inexorable pressure which would make me his.

'It will ease, my darling. I am half way to paradise,' he said and I could only nod; a tear escaped my eye but it was a tear of joy and he knew it was. He pushed further and then a wave of unimaginable delight broke over me. I felt his balls rest below the entrance to my cunt. I contained all of him. I felt fuller than I had ever felt but I also felt more complete. I understood for the first time that I had become a whole woman with my beloved husband inside me. He drew back and I felt lost until he rammed his great cock into me with force.

'Now, my wife, my joy, comes the real fucking and the sowing of the seed and then you will be mine entirely,' he murmured into my ear as he jacked into me over and over again. He kissed me and his tongue entered my willing mouth as his cock entered my willing cunt. I have no idea how long it lasted. I had reached a place where only the fucking existed and I was merely the hole to which that magical cock gave existence. Suddenly he tensed. His back arched above me; he thrust forward again and again and he cried out as he shot wave after wave of sperm deep into my ravenous cunt.

After the paroxysms ceased he lay on me, his great weight almost inert. Our breathing shuddered in unison as we came down from wherever it was to which we had been transported. I felt a dampness in my loins and realised I had come at the same time as my husband. For now he was certainly my husband. I stroked his golden curls and whispered my adoration to him. He kissed me gently on the mouth then, realising that I was supporting his whole weight he turned onto his back and said, 'My dearest wife, are you all right? I haven't hurt you, have I?'

'I am wounded unto death with love, 'I replied 'And I thank you for it with all my heart and with every other part of my body.'

He turned back towards me. He plucked at the restraining tape which held my cock and balls and as they came free he licked the cum from them, taking first my cock and then my balls into his mouth.

'Such a pretty clity cocklet,' he said. 'What pretty balls the clity of my little girl has. Her husband must clean all for her.' And he licked and licked till my back arched and I came again. He sucked all my clity into his mouth and rolled my cock and balls around his tongue.

Suddenly he leapt from the bed. 'In the heaven of your delights I am forgetting my duty.'

He picked up the golden robe of state and twirled it over his shoulders. He strode to the windows, threw them wide, advanced on to the balcony, raised his arms so that all in the square below saw his naked body and the great dangling curve of his cock and he cried in a stentorian voice the ritual words:

'The sacred cunt has received the seed of the cock. Rejoice. I have gained a princess, my wife; you a queen.'

As he stalked back into the room, threw his cloak from him and fell onto me as ravenously, as though he had spent years unsatisfied, and had not taken me only minutes before, I heard a great shout coming from the crowd below in the square:

'The Queen, the queen. All hail the great cock of our prince and the cunt of his lady.'