 I'm in the military stationed in Italy. I live in a quiet, rural farm community "away from it all" as some would say. So nothing much happens around here that would be worth talking about, let alone writing to Literotica about. There are about 10 old mining lakes a half mile from my house and I frequently ride my bicycle around them. An eventful bike ride just minutes ago is what prompted me to write this letter.

I've mapped out a route that gets me a good workout by winding in and around the various lakes. I was just starting to work up a good sweat when I came around the long end of one lake and noticed a man across the lake standing there peeing in the water. This in itself is not unusual because people camp here all the time. What made it unusual was what I saw as I got closer to them. Another man came out of the tent and walked up behind the man taking a leak, reached around him and grabbed his cock and held it for him while he finished urinating in the water. This scene prompted me to stop my bike and duck down behind a bush to see how it would unfold.

I wasn't disappointed. After the man finished urinating the other man shook the last drops off for him then began to stroke it. The man's cock grew to full hardness in no time and he turned to face his lover taking his cock in his hands and kissing him while he continued to have his own stiff meat fondled. After kissing him and thrusting his hips into the other mans hands, he must have grown impatient. He stopped kissing his lover and put his hands on the man's shoulders and gently pushed him to his knees. The man knew exactly what was wanted of him and set right to his task. I'm in a position about 50 to 75 feet from them but even at that distance I could that both men were sporting quite impressive tools. As the man on his knees slipped the other man's cock into his mouth, I slipped my own shorts down to my ankles and started to stroke my now hard member.

The man was an accomplished cocksucker, his partner must have had eight stiff inches of cock but his lover wasted no time in swallowing it all down. He would slobber all over the shaft then lean down to lick his hefty balls, then shift back up and swallow him down till his nose was buried in pubic hair. I stood stroking my cock while watching this hot action across the lake from me. The man getting blown was obviously enjoying his lover's ministrations, his head was thrown back and his whole body seemed to be quivering. When it seemed he had had enough teasing, he grabbed his lovers face and proceeds to fuck it like a pussy. The man doing the sucking didn't seem to mind a bit and grabbed his ass and helped him to thrust into his mouth.

I saw the man stiffen, and his lover pulled his cock almost out of his mouth, sucking on just the head while stroking the long shaft. This sent him over the edge and his whole body went rigid as he blasted his seed in to the man's mouth. This also sent me over the edge and I barely got my hand around my cock when it erupted and I shot my seed all over the bushes I was hiding behind. His lover continued to suck, lick and stroke the softening cock, cleaning all of the cum from it. Finally he allowed the soft prick to slip from his mouth. He stood up and kissed his lover deeply sharing the taste of cum with him.

The man who gave the blowjob was obviously in need of relief himself and I thought I would see another hot cock sucking scene, boy was I wrong. The man turned his lover around and pushed on his back so that he was bent over at the waist. He started to rub the man's ass and slide his own impressive cock along the crack. His lover wiggled his rear back at him and reached between his legs to help guide him into his hungry hole. The man slowly eased the head in and I heard a low guttural moan. The man started to slowly push his way into the others ass, grabbing his hips for added leverage. About the time he was fully impaled on his lover's cock his own spent dick became revitalized and so did mine. His lover held his position and slowly rotated his hips in a circle grinding his cock deeper into his lover's ass. Then he started to pull out stopping so that just the head was left inside, then without warning, he slams his cock back into his ass and proceeds to fuck his ass harder than I've ever seen any porn star fuck a woman's pussy.

This guy was thoroughly ravaging the other and the man getting fucked was enjoying it just as much. I started stroking my own hard-on in time with them but had to slow my efforts so that I wouldn't cum too soon. I wanted to see if I could cum when they did. The man was still pounding away and I looked at my watch and realized that he had been fucking him for about ten minutes straight. The man slowed down his thrusting a little and reached around to grab his lovers cock. He began to stroke it in time with his own thrusting. They both were moaning loudly now and it was obvious that they were both about to cum.

Suddenly the man pulled his cock out and left his lover's ass bucking in want. He had his lover lay on his back on the grass, threw his legs over his shoulders and in one swift motion buried his fat cock back into his lover's ass. He started thrusting in and out again. Faster and faster he pumped until he couldn't take it any longer. He pulled his cock out laid it on top of his lover's cock grabbed both of them together in his hands and proceeded to jerk both cocks as if they were one, bringing the two of them to an earth shattering orgasm, both cocks spewing an enormous amount of spunk into the air. I joined them, spilling my second load of the day into the bushes in front of me. They lay on top of each other relaxing before finally getting up and heading into the tent for who knows what other kind of fun. Me, I pulled my shorts up over my softening dick and shakily rode my bicycle home to write this story while it was still fresh in my mind.