 One Saturday morning I was on my way to get some work done on my motorcycle at a shop that was about forty-five minutes away from where I live. After arriving and turning my bike over to the mechanics to work on it, and mulling around a bit in the motorcycle shop, I decided to head outside to smoke a cigarette and enjoy the nice weather. I walked pass the Laundromat to a small convenient store and purchased a bottle of water. When I stepped back outside and lit a cigarette, I watched a couple of guys in front of the Laundromat talking. 

I walked passed them and sat on the window ledge under the Laundromat's awning. I smoked my cig and drank my water just minding my own business when a guy walked out of the Laundromat and our eyes met. He did a double take and looked at me again and I gave him a small nod and smile. He walked over to the two guys talking; said something to them and then they finally left. He walked back towards the entrance of the Laundromat near where I was sitting and looked at me. 

I said "Hi." 

He replied with the same and quickly walked inside. 

A few minutes later he walked back out holding a cigarette in his hand and asked me for a light. I gave him one and we started talking. I found out his name was Phil, from out of state and the assistant manager of the Laundromat. We did small talk and he asked if I was married after telling me he was divorced. 

"If I want a wife, I'll borrow someone's." I replied with a smile on my face.

We laughed when he asked teasingly if that also applied to the husband to which I replied, "Hell yes, husbands, boyfriends and girlfriends!" 

"You're not serious are you Tony?" he asked with a surprised but hopeful look on his face.

"Oh yeah. Hell if his woman isn't treating him right, then I will!" 

"So you're saying if he wanted for example, a massage, you'd give him one?" he asked nervously.

"What are you hinting at Phil? You need a massage?" I blew out a plume of smoke.

He started rubbing his neck mockingly and "Well now that ya mention it..." 

I quickly slid over and started rubbing his neck. 

"Oh god that feels good Tony!" Then he stood up quickly. 

"You okay Phil?" I asked my hands still in the air where his necked was a few seconds ago.

"Yeah. I just have to check on my laundry." And with that, he was inside. 

I decided to follow him and walked up behind him and reached out for his shoulders this time and started a nice deep finger massage. 

"Oh please Tony." He pleaded weakly.

"Ya want me to stop Phil?" I stopped abruptly lifting my hands off his shoulders.

"No! It's just that..." he looked around nervously. "It's not very private here."

"Phil," I said, "there's no one in here but us." 

Without another word, Phil grabbed my hand and led me into a back office that was labeled 'Janitor'. He unlocked the door and we stepped inside. His mood changed quickly, "So you think you're so fucking cute huh?" I started to say something back when he cut me off and said, "That's right! Open your mouth and get on your knees!" And with that he placed a firm hand on my shoulder 'helping' me to my knees. In a flash he had his jeans undone and down to his ankles. He cockily placed his hands on his hips and stared down at me, "Well ya lil' whore? Ya gonna suck it or do I have to shove it in your mouth myself?" 

I gulped hard as I looked down and saw the thick outline in his underwear. A large wet spot was already forming at the tip of his cock. I started to reach up but obviously not fast enough as Phil grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face close. My nose nuzzled against the shaft of his cock that was straining through his underwear. I quickly cupped his ass cheeks as I regained my composure and started to 'mouth' the outline of his cock's thick shaft. 

"Oh yeah!" Phil moaned out. "That's a good lil' slut." I reached up and slid my fingers inside his waistband and pulled them down. His cock sprang out and landed against my face with a heavy thud. I let out a small moan as I felt the heat from his cock on my face. I quickly reached up and grabbed his thick shaft and started stroking his cock. Phil had a beautiful cock; about seven inches long with a thicker than average shaft, and the head of his cock was wide and a bit 'flat' looking but delicious nonetheless! His balls were extremely hairy and a bit musky but I did sample them to please him and let him know I am a slut! 

As I was giving Phil head he was moaning and calling me all sorts of wonderful names slut, whore, cocksucker to name a few. I swallowed his gorgeous cock all the way down to his hairy, cum-filled balls. "Oh shit!" he groaned. "You are a fucking whore!" 

I pulled all the way back and stroked his cock, as I looked him in the eye. 

"Do it again," he nearly begged me. I kept eye contact with him as I started swallowing his cock again. He started to melt and moaned out, "Oh fuck!" And with that he quickly pulled his cock out of my throat and started jerking his cock. 

"In my mouth Phil!" I opened wider and tried to position my mouth in front of his cock to catch his sperm. He didn't hear me and kept jerking and was about to cum when I grabbed his hand and pulled it away. I quickly swallowed him down and his cock skidded to a sudden stop inside my throat. Part of his shaft was dry from his hand stroking it and I couldn't swallow him all the way down like I wanted. He came and his cock twitched inside my throat as he did. For a moment there I thought I was going to pass out from lack of oxygen if his cock didn't stop twitching and cumming inside my throat! When he finished cumming he pulled his cock out and thanked me for a hot blowjob. I smiled at him and told him next time I was around; I'd love to have him fuck me in my ass.