 John and I cleaned up after he fucked my face in his parents' shower.

Once again, we switched to friend mode talking about our girlfriends, complaining about our customers and discussing sports.

We got dressed and ordered a pizza. We watched some TV while waiting for it. Neither one of use mentioned what had just happened. About 30 minutes later there was a knock on the door from the delivery guy.

John and I sat down to eat in his kitchen. We both sat down at the bar and tore into the pie. I realized I was famished. I wondered how much of it had to do with the sex we'd had.

"Hey Bob do you want to keep messing around?" John asked out of the blue.

I wasn't sure how to respond. I was afraid that I had pushed too far and had scared my buddy off. Jerking each other off was one thing, but playing with his ass and sucking his cock were something else.

"Do you?" I replied.

"Yes. I'd love to keep playing around, but I think we need to set up some ground rules," he said.

"OK, shoot," I said.

"Well for starters I don't want people thinking we're fags," John said. "We can't act all faggy when we're out working or hanging out with the girls or anything."

I continued to eat pizza and nodded my agreement. "I know it sounds crazy but to me the kissing and hugging is even more faggy than the jacking off and blow jobs," John said.

"So let's agree when it's friend mode you won't look at me longingly to jack me off then," I said jokingly.

We both laughed for a few seconds.

"Also we can never tell anyone any of this," he said repeating our earlier conversation.

"Dude who am I going to tell and what would I tell them?" I asked. "I jerked YOU off. I sucked YOU off. Why would I tell anyone that? They'll think I've gone queer!"

A sense of relief came over John's face and he broke into a big smile.

"Well I sure as hell won't tell anyone you suck cock so good!" John said, obviously trying to get a rise out of me.

"Whatever dude! At least I can get an actual girl to suck MY dick!" I responded.

We both laughed and continued to eat.

"So... what next?" John asked.

"I dunno," I said honestly. "Do you want to keep playing around?"

"I'd like to jack you off again. I haven't had a chance to really play with your dick," John said. My dick twitched thinking about my friend playing with it.

"I'm not ready to suck your dick Bob," John confessed. "I don't know if I'll ever be ready, but you can suck my dick if you want!"

We both laughed.

After cleaning up we went back up to his room and casually took our clothes off. My dick was already hard and leaking precum. 

"Lay down," John said.

I did as he said and laid down on his bed. He spread my legs apart and kneeled down in between them. He reached across my body to reach the lube that was sitting on his nightstand. His entire body was on top of mine. On his way back down he stopped and looked at me. Our eyes met and we tentatively kissed. Our tongues probed our mouths. I enjoyed the taste of his mouth and casually wrapped my arms around his torso.

We kissed for a few minutes. I felt his hard dick against my torso and moaned.

John broke the kiss. He seemed short of breath. "That was nice man," he said. "I hate to say it but you kiss better than Stephanie."

I smiled big time at that.

John got back into position and lubed up my hard dick. He was alternating hands again. I was trying to enjoy the sensation of my buddy jerking me off. It was much different than any girl. His hands were larger and much rougher for starters. John then eased himself down.

"Lemme check out your dick," he said.

I had hoped he'd wrap his lips around it but it wasn't meant to be. Instead I could feel his hot breath on my balls as he jerked me off. He then started working a fingernail around the crown of my head and along the slit.

Precum was now oozing out profusely. I moaned. I looked down. John's face was just inches from my balls. I laid back down and enjoyed the handjob. 

Suddenly I felt a pair of warm lips on my balls. I immediately raised myself to see my friend gently kissing my balls. I didn't say anything not wanting to scare him off my nuts.

He continued to jack me as he kissed and then licked my balls.

"You're balls are so smooth," he said as he continued to run his tongue around my nut sack.

John then made an "OK" sign with his hand and started stroking me with just his thumb and a finger. 

"Stephanie says this is what fucking feels like," John said. "I wouldn't know since she won't let me fuck her though."

His two fingers were firmly gripping the base of my dick as he continued to jerk me off. He then began to suckle both my nuts. This was too much for me. I came hard into his hand. My cum landed on the back of his head and back.

John continued to stroke me until I collapsed onto his bed.

He raised himself, wiped his mouth and reached for a towel. 

"Can you clean me off?" he asked.

I got myself up and grabbed the towel we had cleaned up with before.

"I'm gonna have to wash that towel myself," John said with a laugh. 

I cleaned my cum off of his head and back, he turned around and we shared another long, deep kiss. He pulled me down and we continued to kiss on the bed for about 10 minutes. His lips were different than Claudia's. His mouth was much bigger, too.

When we stopped John looked me in the eyes.

"I want you to suck my dick again Bob," he said. "Remember, you said you'd be my cocksucker. I'm going to hold you to that."

I nodded and leaned into him to kiss him.

We kissed each other for several minutes. I lazily jacked his huge dick and played with his nuts hoping to get him nice and ready for my second blow job ever. 

I started kissing my way down my friend's body starting with his neck. I kissed and licked his chest and nipples, his torso and both his thighs before grabbing his huge dick. I planted little kisses all around its base. I felt like such a fag, but loved every moment of it.

For the first time ever I wondered if maybe I was a queer. 

I had thought about the first blow job I'd given my friend since the moment it ended and realized that I had to get the sides nice and wet if his big dick was ever going to slide into my mouth more than a few inches. I spent the next few minutes licking around its base making sure it got nice and wet.

When I was happy it was well lubed with my spit, I tried to engulf as much of it as I could. John moaned out load as I took almost four and a half inches of his big dick in my mouth. This time I was in control of things as I was on top. He fought to raise his hips to fuck my face, but couldn't get more than maybe an extra half an inch into my mouth.

I bobbed up and down his dick for several minutes working my tongue around the cockhead, all the while trying to milk his precum. It was hot and sweet and it was starting to thinken up my own spit.

I then reached up with my hands and started to squeeze his balls, applying more and more pressure as I went.

His cock throbbed in my mouth making me moan. My own dick was hard again. I eventually pulled off his dick to catch my breath. "So what's with the ball torture?" I asked. John laughed and said, "I'm not sure dude. Basically all that Steph will do is jerk me off. One day she got mad because my cum got in her hair when I came and she sort of slapped my balls as some sort of punishment. It felt pretty good so she just kept doing it when she jerks me off."

"I don't want to piss you off 'cuz I really want to suck your dick some more, but why do you put up with that bitch?" I asked. "Any girl would be lucky to have a good guy with a wonder dick like yours man."

"Thanks kid, but she's good to me. Well besides the fact that she's so sexually uptight," John said. He smiled wide and continued. "It's cool though. I have a great cocksucker at my disposal!" I smiled at him and pretended to bite his big dick.

He laughed out loud and feigned pain.

"Well I don't have any worries with Claudia. "We've been fucking since prom. I guess it's good that she's a year old than I am," I said. "She's always doing crazy shit in bed."

I continued to jack John's big dick while licking his head off and on.

"Like what?" John asked obviously interested. "I have some videos I'll show you next time we have play time," I offered, hoping that they would entice him to schedule our next fuck session now. 

"Are you serious? Hell let's plan on sometime this week!" he said excitedly.

I smiled in agreement and continued sucking his big, hard dick.

"Hey Claudia does this thing to me she calls the shocker. Do you want to try it?" I asked. John looked at me with a big smile.

"Sure dude, we're the biggest fags I know already so nothing you do can possibly make us any gayer," he said with a laugh.

"Oh, I don't know about that," I said with a wicked smile.

I blindfolded John and took the lube from the nightstand before repositioning myself between his legs. 

"Are you ready?" I asked

"Yes! Get to it!" he said excitedly. 

I began to fuck my friend's huge dick with my face. I found I could get a full five inches in my mouth if I just repositioned my head so that my throat was parallel with his dick.

While working his huge knob, I quietly opened the lube and poured some on my right hand finger. I then started squeezing my buddy's nuts with my left hand. He was moaning out loud. 

I then squeezed one of his nuts as hard as I thought I could without hurting him. At the same time I plunged my finger as deep into his ass as I could.

He almost jumped out of the bed. His dick hit the back of my throat and gagged me. It was all I could do not to choke. I pulled his balls down back towards the bed -- hard. 

He moaned in a mix of pleasure and pain as I worked my long finger deep into his ass.

"What the fuck are you doing man?" he yelled. I pulled my mouth off his cock.

"It's the shocker! I told you!" I said as if this was a logical reason or excuse.

I squeezed his balls hard again.

"I'm going to finger your ass now and you're going to let me. If you don't I'm going to squeeze your balls so hard you're going to cry," I said. "I'm your little cocksucker, and you're going to be my little bitch. Do you understand?" John grimaced like a small child might after getting in trouble.

He spread his legs for me giving me better access to his asshole. It was then I knew he was enjoying all of this.

I continued to work my finger as deep as it would go. I'm 6'2" and have pretty large hands so my fingers are long.

Claudia had spent hours searching for my prostate gland. She said it was like the male equivalent of a. g-spot. While I don't think we ever found it, it was nice having my asshole fingered every now and then.

It didn't take me long to find John's prostate. It was a hard, fleshy knob. John reacted immediately after I poked it. I pushed and probed it with my finger while squeezing his nuts.

I pulled off his dick to watch him moan and convulse as I played with his gland. White, creamy milk oozed out of his dick every time I pushed on his gland.

I leaned down and licked his dick clean every time.

"Please," John moaned. "Please let me cum!"

I wrapped two fingers around the base of John's big dick and started stroking him. At the same time I tried to continue poking his prostate with my right hand. I used my mouth and tongue to suck his cock head the best I could.

"Fuck!" John screamed out. "Fuck!"

He began to cum. His first stream shot deep into my throat. I pulled back as a second stream shot out almost a foot from his dick. I purposely massaged his gland as I continued to jack him. 

In total six more long, thick streams of cum erupted from his cock.

He was shaking when he stopped cumming.

I slowly pulled my finger out of his ass and began to clean him up. Not with the towel, but with my tongue. I carefully licked up as much of his cum as I possibly could. It was hot, thick and creamy and I loved it.

John hadn't moved for about a minute when I finished licking up his cum and cleaning his cock with my mouth.

I laid down next to him and pulled him close to me. I had never imagined cuddling my friend in this fashion but here we were.

"Are you ok man?" I asked a little concerned.

He simply nodded "yes" without opening his eyes.

I kissed his forehead and let him doze off in my arms, before I too fell asleep.