 John and I continued our play time throughout the entire summer. About once a week we got together to have fun. We continued our experimentation, but John would not suck my dick. I also hadn't let him fuck my ass. His dick was huge and I was honestly afraid he might hurt me.

That didn't stop us from exploring different ways of jerking each other off, of me sucking his huge dick and of me fucking his sweet ass.

I had gotten pretty good at sucking his big dick in fact. I could get about 2/3 of it in my mouth. I loved how his hard dick felt against my tongue and lips and had to suck him off at least once every time we got together to play. I also loved swallowing his cum. Sometimes even if we were just jacking it I would get on my knees so he could cum in my mouth.

For his part, John had gotten pretty good at getting fucked. I know that might sound stupid, but he figured out how to use his ass muscles to milk me while I fucked him. We also experimented with different positions. He was a really good fuck.

One night we decided to start watching gay porn to get some ideas of different positions we could try. At least that's what we said, but I think that secretly we both just liked watching guys fuck. 

I loved laying on the bed and having him literally fuck my face from above. I loved the feeling of almost being gagged with a big dick. John figured out how to ride me while I fucked him.

All in all things were pretty great.

Our lawn care business was working out well, too. We had so much work we considered hiring a second crew. We also began to wonder if we should follow through with our plans to go to community college in a few weeks or not, in fact.

In addition I knew that John's 19th birthday was quickly approaching. 

An unexpected result of all of our play time was that I found myself much more domineering with my girlfriend, Claudia. She was a year older than me and much more experienced. She had obviously worn the pants in our relationship for the first part of it. I wasn't sure if it was me overcompensating for the queer stuff I was doing or what, but I definitely manned up with her.

I fucked her when I wanted for as long as I wanted. Don't get me wrong. I wasn't going to rape her, but she better have a good reason for saying no to me. I demanded oral from her every time I saw her. And my favorite thing was spanking her ass while she called me "daddy." She seemed to get off to the "new" me. I also began to really enjoy eating her pussy.

Claudia especially enjoyed when I fucked her face. I had learned a lot about face fucking from John and I put it to good use.

One night after fucking her we were laying around her bed talking about the upcoming month. John's birthday came up.

"What are you doing for your boyfriend's B-Day?" Claudia asked.

I wasn't sure what she was implying, but I knew what I was inferring.

"Why did you call him that?" I asked.

"Because you spend a lot of time together," Claudia replied.

"We work together. How does that make him my boyfriend?" I asked defensively. 

"Calm down, baby!" she said. "I was only teasing! Shit if you're not careful I'm going to start thinking you're fucking around with him!"

I tried to change the subject to no avail.

"What are you doing for John's birthday?" Claudia eventually asked again.

"I don't know. I feel sorry for the guy. He's a really good guy but his girlfriend won't fuck him, won't suck him, and won't let him have any fun," I said.

"Yeah, Steph has always been a bitch," Claudia said reaching for a cigarette. "She's so uptight the stick up her ass has a stick up its ass."

I laughed and began to play with her big tits.

"You remember I told you I showed John our video, right?" I said.

Claudia gave me a dirty look. She had not appreciated me doing this.

"Yes," she said coldly.

"Well he said you had the best tits he'd ever seen. I had to agree," I said, leaning over to suck her nipples. Claudia's tits were fucking perfect. 38D, firm with nipples as big as 50 cent pieces. I loved playing with them.

I often told her she was wasting her time at beauty school as she could make real money pole dancing. 

"So what, you want me to show him my tits for his birthday?" she asked.

The thought had not crossed my mind, but it did now. I laughed and sat up on her bed.

"Would you?" I asked.

"Well maybe. I dunno. Wouldn't it make you jealous to see me and another guy?" she said.

"I thought we were talking about you showing him your tits. Like maybe giving him a lap dance," I said.

"Come on! You and I both know that if we all get naked, we're gonna have a threesome. This is what you're angling for right?" she said.

It wasn't, but it was now.

"Would that be so awful? It's not like he's a monster or something. And if you must know the guy has the biggest dick I've ever seen," I said.

Claudia got a quizzical look on her face. I knew I'd said too much.

"What the fuck are you talking about? How do you know?" she asked.

I made up some bullshit story about us having to clean up together a few times after work before going and talking to new clients. I wasn't sure she completely bought it, but I could also tell she was intrigued by the thought of my buddy's huge dick.

"I don't know how big it might get hard," I said. "But it's gotta be at least eight inches soft and it's as thick as my own dick -- when my dick is hard!"

Claudia got a pensive look on her face and bit her bottom lip.

"Do you think he'd be up for this? This is the kind of thing that might ruin your friendship," Claudia said. "You need to think about it. How's it gonna feel to watch your BFF fuck your girlfriend?"

I told Claudia I would definitely think about it. She said she was in if he was in. I told Claudia all this threesome talk had made me super hot fucked two more times that night.

A few days later John and I got together for a few hours of play time. I'd figure I'd bring the subject of women up to him at some point.

First however we were going to fuck.

My parents were both at work and my brother was back at school. We decided to schedule some play time during the morning.

John knocked on the door. I answered it completely naked. 

We were so used to being around each other and pleasuring each other naked, that John didn't even react. 

"Hey Bobby," he said as he leaned in to kiss me.

I kissed him back and pulled him to me.

"Hey. Are you ready? I've been super horny all morning," I said.

"Hell yes! I was with Stephanie last night but I was thinking of your dick the whole time," he confessed.

"You homo!" I laughed.

I grabbed his hand and led him to my room.

"Take your fucking clothes off so I can suck you off," I said.

John took his clothes off as fast as possible. His dick was already hard. 

I pulled him towards me as I sat on the bed. His dick hit my face. I reached up and started to stroke his big cock with my right hand, while massaging his ass cheeks with my left. 

I kissed and lick the cock head for a few minutes. I especially loved working the tip of my tongue over his pee slit. He always moaned when I did that, plus I was able to really get a good taste of his precum. 

"Why doesn't Stephanie suck your dick dude?" I asked, pulling off his giant dick. "It's fucking delicious."

"I don't know man. She just says it's nasty to put the thing I pee with in her mouth," he explained. "I guess I'm just used to her."

I started some serious sucking on his big dick. He moaned and grabbed my head. I brought my hands to his balls and started playing and squeezing them as hard as I could without hurting him.

He pulled his dick out of my mouth and starting gently slapping me with it. His dick was big and heavy so it was a turn on getting slapped with it. 

I tried to suck it into my mouth when it got close to my face. When I did catch it, he'd pull it out with a loud "pop."

"Hey I want to try something," John said. He looked around my room and found some stereo wire. He then got behind me and grabbed both my arms. I knew where this was going and it was getting me off.

John tied my arms together. He then placed me in a very awkward position against the wall, where I would be unable to work my way back up without help. I felt a little helpless but I trusted my friend.

He then stood up on the bed and leaned into my face.

"Open your fucking mouth cocksucker!" he ordered me. 

I did as he said, tentatively at first. He forcefully shoved his dick into my mouth.

"I don't want to feel your teeth. Are we clear?" he said.

I nodded "yes" with his big dick already in my mouth.

John started slowly fucking my face. I did everything I could to make it feel good. I worked my tongue on the underside of his big cock head and wrapped my lips as tightly as possible around his pole.

He kept his right hand behind my head so it wouldn't slam against the wall and his left hand against the wall so he wouldn't lose his balance, even though he was only about a foot from the wall.

With my hands tied behind me, I was pretty helpless. Once again, his face fuck picked up speed. As much as I wanted to swallow his cock whole, it was always impossible. Eventually he slowed down.

John reached down with his hands and pulled my mouth open sideways as wide as possible. It kind of hurt, but I loved the feeling of getting fucked in the mouth.

With my mouth now open wide, he jammed my dick into it and really let me have it. Hot tears streamed from my eyes as he fucked me with reckless abandon. 

I could feel his big nuts rap against my chin. It was wonderful.

There was a moment towards the end of the face fuck that I could barely breathe. My head was bouncing against the wall, I couldn't breathe and I was gagging on this huge eight inch dick. I felt like a total cocksucker, but was loving every moment of it.

John finally started cumming in my mouth. His cum was hot and creamy. I could feel it flowing down my throat. I tried not to choke. He pulled out and jacked his dick as blast after blast of cum hit my face. I closed my eyes as a jet of white cum hit my eyes, and gasped to catch my breath. I could only hear my friend's breathlessness as he fought to not fall down.

"Fuck yes!" he said under his breath. "Fuck yes!"

I felt the bed move as John bent over the lick his cum from my face. I found his mouth and we shared his cum as we kissed. Eventually I opened my eyes and could see the bliss in my friend's face.

It was then that I realized the wire was really hurting my wrists. My head also hurt from getting banged around. 

John untied me and helped me clean up.

"Dude that was fucking great!" he said, as we laid down to take a break. 

I played with his soft dick. We were both laying on our sides facing each other. 

"Are we going to keep doing this when Stephanie lets you fuck her?" I asked.

John looked at me and smiled.

"Hell yes! I don't see any reason we should ever stop!" he replied. 

His answer made me very happy.

"Dicks before chicks!" I said laughing. 

"Hey let me ask you something," I continued. "Have you ever fucked a girl?"

I realized that while John had certainly messed around with several girls, he had never told me about fucking any of them. I had always assumed that he had.

John looked embarrassed. 

"If I say no will you think I'm a fag?" he asked.

"Yes, John. If you say no, I'll think you're a fag," I said sarcastically. "I just let you fuck my face. Which one of us is the bigger fag?"

John smiled and started stroking my dick.

"Nope. I've never fucked a girl. I've wanted too, but I guess I'm not pushy enough," he said. "Stephanie keeps promising me she will, but then changes her mind."

"Is she a virgin?" I asked.

"Hell no! She's fucked at least four guys I know of, but she says my dick will rip her open. She keeps saying that once she knows I'm serious about us, then she'll let me fuck her," he explained.

I felt really bad for my friend. He was a really good guy.

"Well I was talking with Claudia about your birthday and all," I stammered. "And any way, I think it would be hot if we had a threesome for your birthday. You could lose your cherry to her. She's a really good fuck."

John shot me a lopsided smile. 

"Well that sounds great, but the truth is I've been dying to lose my cherry with someone else," he said coyly. 

My dick literally throbbed at the thought of him fucking me with his big dick.

"Are you saying you want to fuck my ass?" I said.

"Fair is fair!" John said with a big smile on his face. "You've been fucking me for weeks, right?"

"Well yes, but I don't have a cannon between my legs. Don't get me wrong, I've thought about it, but I'm as scared as Stephanie is," I said.

"Just think about it OK? I know that I'm ready to lose my mouth cherry," John said.

"Now?," I asked.

John looked down at my growing dick, licked his lips and nodded his head "yes."

I laughed and leaned over to kiss him. 

"Think about the threesome OK? Don't forget," I said. "Now get down between my legs and let me see what you got."

John worked his way down to my crotch and started jerking my dick.

"You need to use your mouth if you're going to blow me, dumb ass," I teased. 

John laughed and squeezed my dick hard.

He then leaned down and started sucking my cock head with his soft mouth. 

I moaned out loud, more at the fact that my friend was finally sucking my dick than any of the sensations I was feeling.

I'd had a few girls blow me before, but this felt different. For starters I could feel John's stubble grazing my thighs. It was making me hot. John kept taking more and more of my dick in his mouth. It was pretty damn thick but he didn't seem to have any problems. John pulled off my dick and looked at me.

"I've been wanting to do this since we watched your video, dude," John confessed. "Claudia made sucking your dick look so damn good."

He then lowered his head and started to suck my balls, taking turns between the left and right and being very gentle with both. He had spent lots of time sucking my balls and had gotten really good at it. John stopped and began to lick my entire sack. He eventually began to work his way back up my smooth shaft before he took most of my dick into his mouth. 

It didn't take long to get the feeling that I was about to bust a nut. I caressed my buddy's head as he continued to suck my dick. He was doing a great job for a first timer.

Suddenly John pulled off my hard dick. It was torture.

"What are you doing man? I want to cum in your cherry mouth," I said.

"I want you to fuck my ass," John said. "We're only getting together once a week and I need you in my ass dude."

I caught my breath and got up and off the bed to grab some lube. John got on his knees. I got behind him and started licking his asshole. It was bit stubbly for my tastes, but oh well. I had gotten to the point where I could easily stick about half an inch of my tongue into his ass on the first try.

John moaned out load. After getting my fill of his ass, I started working a lubed finger into his hole. It wasn't taking long to loosen him up these days.

After just a few minutes he was ready to take my dick. While I was still as gentle as necessary, I could easily bury my dick into his ass in two pushes, even though I was sure I could do it in one. John was comfortable taking my dick in his asshole now and had learned to relax his ass for me.

"Fuck bitch, your ass is so tight!" I said as I began to stroke.

"I bet you say that to everyone," John joked.

I began with long, steady strokes to make sure he was nice and loose for me. After a few minutes I began fucking him with shorter, faster strokes. I would sometimes shift a little to come in at a bit of an angle. I wanted to stretch his ass even more. He would always moan when I did.

My hands squeezed and grabbed his round ass. It was very different than Claudia's, but just as hot. My breathing was getting heavy and I knew I wouldn't last long. John had discovered that if he didn't milk my dick until the end of our fuck, my orgasm would be that much better. 

Sure enough as I felt the cum start to bubble to the surface, John clenched his ass around my rod. It felt better than any pussy I'd ever fucked. I thrust into his ass with the most force I could muster. John moaned at the hard fucking he was getting. Sweat began to drip from my body.

After another minute I shot a mighty load into my friend's ass. I pumped another half dozen times into his tight ass before slowing down. I pulled my dick out with a wet "plop."

John collapsed on to my bed. I leaned down and kissed and licked his ass cheeks, which I loved so much. I spread his ass cheeks and watched my cum ooze out of his asshole. I sometimes licked my own cum as it came out of his ass. This time I buried my tongue back into his ass. It was very hot, literally. 

John moaned as I tried to work my cum out of his ass. I swallowed as much as I could.

"You're a freaky mother fucker Bob," John said laughing.

"Whatever dude. You love it," I replied.

I plopped down next to John, barely fitting with him on my twin size bed. 

I played with his hair. He eventually turned his head towards me.

"Dude, this gay fucking shit is the hottest thing ever," John said with a huge smile on his face.

I leaned into him and kissed his lips.

"You're the hottest thing ever," I said. "Now what do you say I let you fuck my ass?"