 After cleaning up all the cum from John's sleeping body, I laid next to him and pulled the covers over our naked bodies. We had spent Sunday morning fucking and sucking each other at a motel at the edge of town. 

I pulled him towards me and we cuddled together. The AC in the room was blowing cold and his body had goose bumps on it from getting slightly wet with the towel I used to clean him up. I closed my eyes knowing we had at least three or four hours before we had to be somewhere else. 

I was a little surprised at how nice it felt to just lie next to my best friend's sleeping body, to just feel his warmth next to me. I looked at his sleeping body and proceeded to give the side of his face and neck some gentle kisses before I pulled him as close to me as I could.

After a few minutes of this, I laid my head on the pillow and nuzzled the back of his neck before dozing off. 

Another hour later I woke up to the most pleasant sensation. John was slowly sucking and licking my soft dick. 

"Nice!" I said. "That's the best alarm clock ever!" 

John looked up at me with my dick in his mouth and gave me wink. He pulled off of my dick, began to jack it, and rested his head on my thigh. I stretched a little and yawned. 

"How long have I been asleep?" he asked.

By my estimate it had been at least two hours. 

"Damn dude, I just couldn't help it," he said. I could feel his warm breath on my balls. 

He continued to suck my dick. It was starting to rise. He didn't do anything fancy when he sucked a cock. It was steady jacking, plus sucking on the cock head. While it wasn't a porn star quality blow job, it was effective. 

"Are you up to letting me fuck your ass?" John asked.

"Lube me up baby!" I replied enthusiastically. 

"Do you want me to finish you up?" John asked. 

"Nah dude. I think I'll jack it while you fuck me," I said.

"Yeah you are!" John said with a big smile.

John got up and grabbed the lube. He squeezed some onto his fingers and started prepping my asshole. It felt awesome to have his fingers pushing into my tight ass. After a few minutes he had two long fingers deep in my ass. I moaned in pleasure.

"I'm going to get a third finger OK?" John said.

"Mmmhmm," I moaned. 

As promised a third digit came to the party. This was as stretched out as my ass had ever been without me being fucked with John's dick or a dildo. I started breathing heavy. It hurt a little, but still felt great. 

At this point I realized we hadn't turned the video camera on. 

"Damn it! This shit is hot! You're going to have to start over," I said.

John laughed out loud.

"If you want me to finger your ass longer, just say so!" he said.

With the camera rolling, he began to finger my asshole again. This time my ass was noticeably looser. He was really working that third finger into my ass.

"Can you play with my gland?" I asked.

"Let me see," he replied.

Sure enough I felt his finger touch my gland. It shot an electric charge through me as I lost my breath. John moaned as hot cream started oozing from my dick. I was slightly annoyed. While John oozed a steady stream of cum when I milked his prostate, I was releasing a pea-sized drop every so often.

Regardless, John continued to massage my prostate. 

"Dude, I need to fuck you now," he announced. 

"OK, but take it slow," I said. "You're dick is too damn big."

John moved the video camera onto the tripod to capture our fucking.

John then greased his meat monster from top to bottom. He had me turn over doggy style and placed his cock head against my asshole. I could feel it pulsing against my ass. 

"Here it comes baby," he warned.

Sure enough as promised he began to push his huge dick into my tight asshole. As crazy as it sounded I prided myself on being a good fuck. The more I let John fuck me, the more I wanted to be his best fuck. I knew that he'd fucked Claudia and he would probably fuck her sister soon. I wanted him to think of my ass before he thought of their pussies.

I did everything possible to make sure he enjoyed fucking my ass. Squeezing my ass and milking his cock. Pushing back on him if he was fucking me doggy; riding him when he asked me too, and getting into all sorts of contorted positions to improve his dick's angle into my ass. I also moaned and squealed like a $2 whore for him. 

Today I was rotating my hips for him and pushing back as much as possible. I could feel his breathing grow heavy almost immediately. He would slow down and then speed up. I loved that he was able to fuck me with little trouble once he got started. Long strokes were my favorites. 

There was always a moment it felt his dick would escape the confines of my tight ass right before he'd punch back into my ass with a lot of force. I always seemed to lose my breath when that happened. 

"Oh yes!" I cried out. "Fuck my punk ass you big dicked mother fucker!"

John laughed out loud at my encouragement. 

"You kiss your mother with that mouth," he said breathing heavily.

"I suck your dick with this mouth," I responded with my teeth clenched. "Now fuck my ass harder bitch!"

That seemed to turn him on as he began to speed up his fuck. He also began to slam into me with much more force. My asshole was heating up. In truth it felt like it was on fire. I loved it.

I purposely released my ass muscles hoping he would be able to gain more speed. 

"Here it comes!" John shouted. 

At this point I began to tighten my ass when he pumped into me and released it when he pumped out. I worked to milk that sweet cream from his big dick like a good little bitch. He panted and grunted as he fucked me for the next minute or so. 

Eventually he slowed down before pulling out his huge monster dick out of my ass. 

Even though he looked down for the count I told John I wanted him to video my stretched out asshole. 

"Oh hell yes!" He said excitedly. "I'm going to want to see that when I'm jacking it to the video."

I felt him get back on the bed. 

"Oh my god..." he whispered. "Your asshole is totally open."

I purposely clenched my ass hoping to make my asshole wink. It must have worked as John moaned.

"Dude it's like you squeezed my cum out of your ass or something," he said.

Sure enough I felt some of his warm cum leaking out of my ass and onto the back of my thighs. 

I felt John shift on the bed before I felt his hot tongue on my asshole. He was cleaning up his sweet cum from my ass. I moaned loudly. It felt great. 

I reached between my legs and started jacking my dick as he continued to run his tongue over my hole. After just a minute or two I was shooting my own load all over the bed. 

When I finished I collapsed to my right. John crawled over to my cum puddle and began to lick it up. 

"Dude, I love you're cum," he said as he licked up my spunk.

I smiled as I tried to catch my breath. 

"How much time do we have?" I asked John.

"I dunno," He said. "Maybe an hour. Maybe two."

John turned on the TV and found one of the late afternoon games. It was into the second quarter. That meant we had at least two hours before our alibi was up. 

"Fuck dude your asshole is turning me on so much. It's all stretched out," John said. "I'm going to finger it. Is that OK?"

"OK, but be gentle," I said.

John greased up his fingers and started to probe my ass again. He stuck his middle and index fingers into me and palm side up. He then proceeded to feel all around my freshly fucked asshole with them. John was stretching my ass out with every move and it felt incredible. 

After a few minutes John told me he was going to get his ring finger into the mix. I laid there with my ass in the air loving the attention my asshole was getting. 

"Dude, you really have a nice ass," John said. "It's nice and round."

John was now working three fingers as deep as possible. I was gritting my teeth. Every so often he would hit my prostate and make me moan like a little bitch. 

"I wish I could put more fingers into you," John said in a whisper after a few minutes. 

John finally pulled out of me and went to wash up. He returned and laid down next to me. I was still on my stomach with my ass in the air. 

"What do you want to do now?" John asked massaging my ass. 

"I don't know dude," I said honestly. "Maybe we should rest for a while, check out the game."

John agreed. I cleaned up, got dressed and headed for the vending machines. I was totally dehydrated and hungry. The plan was to replenish our energy and then maybe 69 each other a bit.

As I was pouring quarters into the vending machine, a couple leaving a room caught my eye. 

It was Stephanie, John's girlfriend and some dude. I recognized his face but didn't know his name.

I casually followed them to a car in the parking lot. They talked for a few minutes and then kissed passionately before they parted ways. I was shocked and wasn't sure if I should tell my friend his girlfriend was cheating on him. Then the thought occurred to me that he was cheating on his girlfriend with me!

Stephanie was supposed to be about 120 miles away at school. I had no idea what she was doing there.

By the time I got to the room I decided to not say anything lest it ruin play time.

"Took you long enough dumb ass," John said laughing. 

He was laying down on the bed naked. His big dick was semi hard already.

"The machine took my money and I had to ask for help," I said, lying. "You look like you're ready to go!"

John laughed and slowly stroked his dick. I opened the soda can and chugged it down. I then undressed as fast as possible before pouncing on my friend's big dick with my mouth. 

"Argh!" John exclaimed. "Your mouth is cold!" 

I pulled off his dick. "From the soda I guess."

I spun my body around and laid my groin area down on his face. He was able to swallow my dick whole. I moaned and sucked his dick into my mouth. It tasted of ass a little. That was OK. I didn't love the taste or anything, but I was getting to like the nasty stuff that came with ass fucking and gay sex. It was one of the things that was different than fucking a girl.

John laughed out loud all of a sudden. 

"Damn dude I think my cum is coming out of your ass and landed on my forehead!" he said.

"There's nothing like an ass load babe," I said before wrapping my hot mouth around his big dick again. 

"When I cum, don't swallow my load, OK?" John said. "I want us to kiss with full loads in our mouths!"

"Mmmhmm!" I moaned enthusiastically with my mouth full of dick. 

John went to work with is steady jacking while sucking my dick head. Every now and then I'd feel his tongue run along my slit. 

I was getting really good at jacking his huge dick with my mouth. I only used my hand to keep his big dick steady. I was now able to get a solid 5 inches into my mouth every time. I wrapped my lips around my teeth to be able to form a tight seal around his monster dick.

Sure enough a few minutes later I felt his dick start throbbing. He moaned loudly as he still had my dick in his mouth. I felt his cum rise through his urethra. His hot cum flooded my mouth. I fought my natural instinct to swallow his sweet milk. Instead I finished sucking him off and swirled his cum in my mouth. It was thick and creamy. It tasted a little more bitter than usual today, but was still very tasty. 

After about a minute the idea that I was holding my lover's cum in my mouth started to push me to the brink of my own orgasm. I pumped my dick into John's mouth and let loose my own stream of hot cum. When I was done, I spun around and held my lover in my arms as we shared a cum kiss. 

Our tongues swirled around and we mixed our cum together. The moment came when I greedily began to swallow. John moaned and swallowed, too.

"Damn Bobby!" he complained. "You had way more cum in your mouth!"

I smiled and kissed him on the lips, licking and sucking his mouth.

"I'll get it back up and shoot in your mouth before we leave, k?" I said.

"OK!" he said with a big smile. 

With that we both laid down next to each other to kiss and caress each other before I was able to get it hard one last time so I could keep my promise.