 John and I woke up the day after spending the night together like old lovers would. We were cuddled up in a ball under a blanket. 

I looked at the time and realized we had to start cleaning up on the off chance his parents would show up earlier than expected.

We got rid of any evidence of our play time and got dressed. Sure enough John's parents came into the kitchen just as we had settled in to eat some cold pizza.

"Did you boys have a good time," John's mother asked.

We both mumbled we had while sharing a knowing look.

The following Monday it was business as usual for both of us at work. As promised we were total dudes the entire day of mowing lawns. We didn't talk about our play time at all in fact.

On Wednesday I told John that my parents were taking my kid brother out to look for a car that evening. I figured that would take at least a couple of hours.

"We can watch that movie we talked about," I said, never referring to our play time.

John smiled wide and agreed.

That afternoon could not come soon enough. When we got to my place my parents and brother were pulling out the driveway.

My dad told me they'd be at least a few hours and said I could order take out for both me and John.

We ran up to my room and decided to take quick showers by ourselves in case my parents came back. I went first. I came out in just a towel. 

John was already naked. His dick was semihard. He smiled at me as he walked to my bathroom naked. When he came out I had already put the DVD in the player and had cued up the movie.

"Damn dude I wish I had a girlfriend who let me video her!" John said.

We laid down on my bed and I hit play on the remote. The movie started to play. In truth, Claudia had let me video her often. I had dozens of hours of her dancing, sucking me, masturbating and of me fucking her.

I had compiled a "greatest hits" of our videos and that's what I was showing John.

The scene started and Claudia was wishing me a happy graduation. She then turned on some dance music and performed a sexy strip tease for me, shaking her ass and tits.

"Damn dude I had no idea Claudia's tits were so fucking nice," John said. "And she's shaved, too. You lucky fuck."

The next scene was of Claudia sucking my cock. She was a total pro as she was able to swallow me whole in her mouth.

"Damn dude, she's working your dick, huh?" John mumbled. "That looks good."

I wasn't sure if he was talking about having his dick sucked by Claudia, or sucking my dick. I assumed it was the latter and smiled.

We had already started jacking our dicks. 

After a few minutes of this, John looked at me and said "Race you!"

We both began pumping our dicks as fast as possible trying to see who would cum first.

"Here I go" John warned as he spurt two huge streams of cum onto his thighs.

"Right behind you buddy," I said as I let loose with my own barrage of cum that landed on my stomach. 

We looked at each other and laughed. 

"Hey do you remember when I tasted your cum after that first time?" John asked.

"Yep. Why?" I replied.

"No reason," he said. However his actions betrayed his disinterest as he leaned over and began to lick my cum off my stomach. 

"I think you're cum is tastier than mine," he said after a minute, smacking his lips.

"I dunno," I replied. "I think yours is way creamier. I love the way it feels sliding down my throat."

I leaned down and licked his cum off his thighs. I had tasted my own cum a few times, and his was a little sweeter and a little tangy, too.

"I guess we've both tasted at least two guys' cum!" I said.

We both turned into each other and began to kiss. After a few minutes John broke the kiss.

"Can I ask you something?" he said.

"Sure," I replied playing with his dick.

"Do you think this queer shit has come really easy to us? I mean, do you think we might be queer?" he asked a bit nervously. 

"I mean believe me I understand the irony, but I don't think the handjobs or blowjobs are any big deal, but I really, really like the kissing and cuddling, too, and that shit is totally queer."

I sighed as I'd been giving this some thought lately. Regardless of his question I continued to gently squeeze and stroke his big dick.

"I don't know man. I mean I still got hot watching Claudia dance in the video and I've seen it about 50 times!" I said. "You got hot watching it too, right?"

"Oh hell yes! She's fucking hot dude. You're going to have to make me a dupe or I'm gonna tell everyone that I know you've been sucking this stud's big dick," John said with a laugh.

I pushed him back and kissed him. I looked at him and continued the conversation.

"All I know is that I wouldn't want to do this with anyone else. That has to count for something. Let's not think about it. It's nice to be with you like this. Why do we have to have a label for it? I mean I didn't feel weird this week working alongside of you, and now I know how much you love my cock," I said teasing.

He smiled and laughed as we continued to kiss.

"OK man, let's just keep having play time then," he said. "Now I want you to suck my cock since you're my little cocksucker."

I closed my eyes and did as he said. It felt really good to be submissive to my best friend when he said I was his cocksucker.

He laid down on my bed while I worked my way down to his big, hard dick.

I spent a long time licking it, kissing it and nibbling on it. John just moaned and enjoyed it. After a few minutes he looked at me and made eye contact.

"I want you to give me the shocker," he said. "But I want two fingers, OK?"

"Sure," I replied. I got up and got some lube from my dresser. I got back into position and lubed up my fingers.

"If you want two fingers let me lube up your ass too. I don't want this to hurt buddy," I said.

John raised his ass giving me better access. I worked some lube onto his asshole. Before I began sucking him off again, I worked my middle finger into him. It was the longest one. I slowly pumped it into my best friend's tight ass, making sure to apply as much lube as I could.

"Oooooooh" John moaned. "That feels so good. Massage my spot again please!"

I started playing with his prostate. Once again, thick white cream oozed out of his huge dick every time I pressed on it. I leaned down to lick it off his huge dick head. I used my left hand to caress his chest while I finger fucked him. When I felt his asshole was a little looser I slowly pulled my finger out.

"Put it back in!" John begged. "Please!"

"OK, OK!" I replied. "I have to lube the second finger up!"

I lubed up the second finger and began to work two fingers as deep as possible, stretching his asshole as much as I could with every stroke. At this point I was really massaging his prostate.

"Jesus, Jesus!" he yelled. "That's going to make me cum! I'm going to cum!"

Sure enough thick ropes of white cum blasted from his cock. I couldn't believe it. I wasn't making almost any contact with his dick. I kept pushing on his prostate and he kept erupting.

"Oh god!" he yelled. "Oh god please don't stop! Please!"

I kept working his gland while immediately lowering my head. I wanted to suck his cock head for at least the last few squirts. 

John's body convulsed violently before he finally collapse onto my bed. I kept my fingers deep in his has trying to stretch him out for the future.

I slowly pulled my fingers back out and lowered my head to use my mouth to clean up all the cum he'd shot out. It was hot and creamy and I loved it.

When I was done I plopped down next to him and started stroking my cock. "Whenever you're ready you can jerk me dude," I said.

John shook his head no.

"What's a matter? You OK?" I asked worried that this was the end of our play time.

"No," John whispered. "I think I want you to fuck my ass. Will you please fuck my ass?"

My dick twitched at his request. 

"Of course I will," I said. I got closer to his face and kissed him. 

I got back up and positioned myself between his legs again. I got the bottle of lube and started lubing my rock hard dick up. I had never been harder. I hadn't fucked Claudia's ass, but had begged her to let me for months. I was excited that my first ass fuck would be my buddy.

I lubed John's ass as thoroughly as I could so not to hurt him. Truth was my dick wasn't that much longer than my fingers, but it was much, much thicker.

"Are you ready?" I asked.

"Yes. Please fuck my ass. I wanna feel you in my ass," John said with his eyes closed.

My dick felt like it had gotten even harder although I knew that wasn't possible.

I got as close as possible to John and lifted his legs over my shoulders. I then placed my dick head at the entrance of his asshole. 

John looked up at me with his eyes half closed and nodded at me. I turned and kissed his leg, which was on my shoulder.

I gently pushed my dick forward. John's asshole resisted.

"Push harder," John said.

I did and after less than a minute my dick head was inside my friend's ass. John moaned in obvious pleasure. I continued working my dick into my friend all the while adding lube. 

After about 5 minutes I was balls deep into my friend. 

"Look at me," I told John. "Look at me."

John was in another state of mind -- one between lust and desire. He opened his eyes and looked at me.

"You're my bitch now," I said in almost a whisper. "If I want to fuck your ass, you're going to give it to me, right?"

John sighed a little and nodded "yes."

"I want you to say it," I said. "I want you to say you're my little bitch."

"I'm your bitch. I'm your little bitch and you can fuck my ass whenever you want," John said.

I wanted to really fuck him now more than ever. 

I began to pump my dick into his ass, slowly at first, but gaining momentum. John moaned out loud as I started to fuck him harder. I was really slamming hard into his ass after a few minutes.

John looked up at me and smiled as I really began to drill his ass. He was loving his first ass fuck, as much as I was enjoying it. 

After about five minutes, his legs grew heavy and I pulled out of him with a loud "plop."

I instructed him to turn over doggy style. 

"You like the way I fuck you?" I asked.

"Yes I do," John said. "Do you want me to call you 'daddy' since I'm your little bitch?"

My dick throbbed.

"I do," I replied with a huge smile on my face.

John smiled and stuck his ass in the air. His asshole was slightly agape. It looked hot. I poured more lube into it before putting my dick back in. John shook his ass at me as if to tempt me.

He moaned loudly as I didn't waste any time burying my dick to the hilt. I then started spanking his round ass as I fucked him.

"This is for being a little bitch," I said, spanking him harder.

John moaned "Yes, daddy. Spank me. I'm your little bitch."

He reached down and started jerking his big dick off, too.

I couldn't take it anymore. John's ass was tighter than any pussy I'd ever fucked and it felt like he was using his ass muscles to milk me. I slammed into his ass a few more times before I felt my dick throb and start shooting my seed into his tight ass.

"Cum in my ass daddy!" he yelled. "I'm cumming too!"

His knees collapsed as he started having his own orgasm. I fought to stay in him and continue fucking him. I dropped all my weight on him burying my entire dick into his ass.

It took only a few more strokes before my orgasm was over. I collapsed on top of him, short of breath and feeling very dizzy. 

We laid there together for what seemed like an eternity. I kissed the back of his neck and shoulders. Eventually I rose up and pulled my soft dick from his ass.

"That was fucking great," I said.

"Mmm, hmmm," was all John could muster.

I got a small towel moist with warm water and soap and came back to clean up my lover's freshly fucked ass. 

I cleaned as much cum as I could from his butt. I lowered my head to kiss and nuzzle his perfectly round ass in fact.

I heard my dad's sprinklers go off outside and I knew it was about 10 p.m.

"Dude, get up! My parents are going to be home soon!" I said.

John turned over and smiled at me.

"Get over here and kiss me first," he said.

I smiled and did as he asked.