 The glow of having jerked my buddy John off and then my own cock began to fade almost immediately after it had happened. The next few days neither one of us mentioned how great our jerk off session together had been. 

I began to think that I would not have the opportunity to continue exploring this new way of having sex with my best friend.

After more than a week had passed, John showed up at my house early one morning. His arms had healed sufficiently and he was ready to get back to work -- to the chagrin of my kid brother.

I had seen John a few times in the last week to drop off his share of our company's profits.

"Hey I want to thank you for what you did for me," John said to me on the ride to our first job. I was excited as I thought he was talking about my jerking him off.

"You didn't have to keep giving me a share of what you and your brother were earning," he continued.

I was seriously bummed that he wasn't talking about our night together the week before.

"Well we're best friends man and that's what best friends do, we take care of each other. You know that," I said with a smile.

John chuckled.

"Speaking of which..." he said trailing off. "I guess we haven't talked about what happened that night at my house, huh?"

"No. I didn't know if you wanted to forget it or what," I said.

"Hell no! Actually I have a funny story," John replied. "Stephanie came over a few nights later after getting back in town and offered to jerk me off."

I was surprised that I felt a wave of jealousy flood over me, even though I had been fooling around with my own girlfriend during that week, too.

"And man... it wasn't nearly as good as yours!" he said excitedly.

I felt really good hearing that.

"Really? Wow. Well I enjoyed doing it buddy. I'm glad I could help you out," I said.

"Actually I've been thinking that I need to repay the favor. You know I would hate to know that I owed you one," John said.

My dick began to get hard thinking of screwing around with my buddy again, but I knew we had a long day of mowing lawns ahead of us. I looked at John and smiled.

"You name the place and time and I'll bring my dick!" I said.

As luck would have it, his parents were going to a wedding several towns away that weekend. We would have the house to ourselves for at least a night.

I had a hard time concentrating on work for the next two days. Truth be told I was getting off checking my buddy out. He had a nice hard body and was mostly smooth. I realized that he had a nice round ass, too. I had never checked him out before, but now I couldn't stop.

Saturday afternoon couldn't come soon enough. We had mowed about half a dozen lawns that morning. John suggested we go straight over to his house as his parents would be gone already.

"We can clean up at my house so we don't waste any time," John suggested.

"What did you tell Stephanie you were doing," I asked. 

"I told her we were having a boys' night out," he said. "It's kinda true even though it's more of a boys' night in, huh? What did you tell Claudia?"

"Same," I said.

We finally got to his house. It was obvious we were both getting nervous. John finally broke the ice.

"I think we should clean up. I'm a mess. Do you wanna..." he asked trailing off but pointing to the bathroom.

"Shower together? Sure man. We've showered together before. It's no big deal," I answered, knowing full well this was different than 9th grade p.e.

"Let's use my parents shower, it's way bigger than mine," John said directing me to his parents' master bedroom.

They had a huge walk in shower with two shower heads.

We both casually took our clothes off. I tried to not stare at John as he pulled his shorts off. I was happy to see that his big dick was already hard.

"Damn man you don't waste time with that monster do you?" I joked.

John blushed. 

"I'm sorry dude. I've been looking forward to this for a few days. I hope you don't think I'm a fag or something," he said.

"I'm kidding! I've been thinking about it too," I confessed pulling down my own pants.

John smiled when he saw my dick spring out of my pants as hard as his.

"Nice!" he said with a big smile.

We both tentatively showered not knowing if we should start our fooling around session in the shower or not. As we cleaned up we both got more comfortable being naked around each other and our erections.

After about 15 minutes we were both ready to get out.

"I say we just dry off and stay naked don't you think?" John asked.

"Sounds good to me," I replied. "Less clothes to wash."

I followed John to his room. It was still bright as day outside as it was only about 3 p.m. John closed the curtains on his windows and turned on some music.

We both sat down on his bed butt naked. 

"Why don't you lay down and I can get started," John said. "I'll be honest with you, I've been wanting to play with your dick since you jerked off on me the other day."

I laughed.

"Well I've been wanting you to play with my dick since that night so it all works out!"

John pulled the lube out of his nightstand and squeezed a glob on my dick. 

"Dude I loved how your dick and nuts are all shaved," he said as he slowly coated both with lube. "They're so fucking smooth, too."

John started stroking my dick with the same care I'd taken with his before. I moaned as his slippery fingers jerked my hard dick up and down. He alternated stroking me between his left hand and his right. 

He got serious and started jerking me faster as he played with my balls with his free hand. I realized that I was not going to last long at all.

After just a few minutes I began to cum. Three big spurts of cum shot out of me and landed on my buddies hand and arm. 

"Damn dude! That didn't even take five minutes!" John said. "What the hell? I barely got to jerk you off!"

"Well what time are your parents coming back home?" I asked.

"Tomorrow after lunch," he said.

"So we have a whole day of playing around so relax OK?" I said.

John smiled and reached for his towel to clean himself up with.

"What do we do next?" John asked.

"Let's shave your dick and balls!" I said.

We agreed John would tell his girlfriend he saw it in a movie and wanted to try it so she wouldn't get suspicious. Both of us returned to the walk in shower. This time we were a lot more playful with each other, playing a little grab ass with each other.

I had brought in his shaving cream and razor.

"How do I do this man?" he asked sounding nervous.

"Claudia shaved mine the first time. Maybe I should shave yours this time," I said.

John immediately agreed. I got on my knees and came face to dick with his enormous shaft. John was pretty smooth already or I might have suggested trimming his pubes with scissors.

I lathered up his dick and balls and began to shave. His nuts were huge. I purposely isolated his left nut to shave. He moaned. I remembered he liked my tugging his nuts a little rough. I repeated my actions on his right nut. 

"That doesn't hurt?" I asked.

"Nah man, it feels fucking great," he said almost under his breath.

My mouth had literally begun to water as I handled my buddy's huge dick just inches from my face. I fought the urge to kiss the giant head or one of his now-smooth nuts.

After I had shaved all his groin I told him to turn around.

"OK, now I'm going to shave your asshole," I said.

"Why the fuck would you do that?" John asked kind of incredulously.

"I don't know man. That's what Claudia does when she shaves me," I said. "Check it out."

I turned around and offered my ass to my buddy.

After waiting for at least a second longer than I thought I'd have to, I finally felt his finger along the crack of my ass.

"It feels nice and smooth," he said.

The feel of his finger along my ass crack sent an electric charge up and down my body.

"Damn that feels good," I said.

He stopped fingering my asshole, turned around, leaned over and held himself along the tub wall while I lathered up his asshole and carefully shaved it clean.

"Claudia likes to lick my ass so she likes it nice and smooth. Maybe you can get Stephanie to do that," I said.

"Nah man she doesn't do that kind of stuff. She won't even let me fuck her yet. She said she would when she turned 18 last November, but now she says we have to wait until she's done with her freshman year in college," John confessed.

"Really?" I asked. I knew this was my chance to make our play time a permanent thing.

I stood up and faced my friend.

"Look man, that really sucks because you don't know the stuff you're missing. If you're going to stay with her I want to help you out, but all of this stuff has to stay between us and we have to agree we will never call out one another for being queer or gay for it, OK?" I asked.

John quickly agreed.

"I'm enjoying this man," he said. "I've never had a gay thought in my life, but I just don't see why we shouldn't have some fun together, right?"

I smiled at him and told him to turn around and to reach down and hold on to the tub wall again.

He quickly got into position knowing what was coming next.

I turned off the water and got on my knees behind him. I parted his ass cheeks with my hands and slowly ran my tongue across his asshole.

John's knees buckled and he let out a loud moan.

"Holy shit man! That feels amazing!" he said.

I continued to lick his asshole. I had my ass eaten out a couple of times by my girlfriend and knew it felt great. She had never let me eat her ass out, however, so this was my first time tasting ass. Never in a million years did I ever think my first ass would be a dude's.

When I had worked a little bit of my tongue into my friend's ass I reached around with my right hand and started stroking his dick. It was super hard and throbbed every time I licked his ass.

If licking my friend's ass made me a fag, I didn't care. I was receiving as much pleasure as he was. After a few minutes I spun him around. I looked up at him and we shared a smile. He gave me a small nod knowing what was coming next. I closed my eyes and worked my mouth around his huge cock head.

John moaned and placed his hands behind my head, partly to steady himself and partly to pull my head onto his dick I realized.

He worked to fuck my face with his huge dick. I could only swallow about three or four inches of the monster. It kept hitting the back of my throat. I wondered how some girls I'd seen in movies could swallow entire dicks.

I reached around and grabbed his ass hoping to encourage John to fuck my face harder. I loved the feeling of his fat dick fucking my face. I felt my cheeks burn with shame as I realized I was now a cocksucker. I didn't care.

John was basically gagging me with every stroke into my hungry mouth. 

When he found his rhythm I released his ass and started playing with his huge balls, squeezing both as hard as I thought I could.

"Aaargh!" he moaned in pleasure and pain as I squeezed his nuts. 

He fucked my face harder as I continued to squeeze his juicy balls. 

I realized that my eyes were tearing up from gagging and I was having a difficult time breathing with my buddy's huge dick fucking my mouth.

When I thought I couldn't last any longer John shoved his dick as deep as he could and started cumming in my mouth. Some of his cum blasted down my throat. Some of his cum squirted out of my mouth.

John slowed his pace but fucked my mouth for another minute or so. I moaned almost as if in agony when he pulled his big dick out of my mouth. I quickly grabbed it and lavished it with kisses and licked it completely clean.

John was breathing hard and leaning against the tub wall as I stood up. We looked at each other and both pulled each other tight. We shared a deep, wet kiss. John moaned as he tasted his salty cum in my mouth. I pulled his hair and grabbed his round ass.  

"I wanna be your cocksucker John. I'll suck you off whenever you want," I whispered into my new lover's ear.

John nodded, moaned and kissed me as we shared a long hug.