 I opened my eyes and looked around, confused as to where I was. A sharp pain in my ass reminded me that I was at my grandpa's cabin with my best friend John. He had just fucked my ass with his big eight inch dick – twice. 

We had arrived at the cabin on Friday in the early afternoon. It was apparently getting dark already. John was laying next to me, snoring. I looked at my watch. It was well past 6 p.m.

I got up to use the bathroom. My ass was hurting and I was a fucking mess. I cleaned up the best I could and put some clothes on. We had brought some prepackaged sandwiches on our way up for lunch. I tore into one as I put some of our stuff away.

John started to stir. He eventually opened his eyes and stretched. 

"What time is it?" he asked just as he was about to yawn.

"It's almost 7 p.m. We must have slept for three or four hours. So much for going to the lake," I said.

John got up and sat on the edge of the bed. He was still naked. He shrugged and looked at me.

"I'm starving dude," he said. "What time is Claudia getting here tomorrow?"

"After lunch," I said.

"Well then let's hit the lake early tomorrow," he said.

John got up. He was naked. His dick swung side to side as he walked towards me. It was long and heavy, like a small elephant's trunk. He walked up to me and kissed me.

"Oh yuck, you taste like tuna!" he said.

"You'll lick my ass, but you think tuna breath is gross?" I asked.

John laughed as he grabbed a sandwich and sat down at the small table in the middle of the big cabin. 

"How's your ass dude?" John asked.

I put away some of the food we'd brought into the fridge. 

"It's tender. It hurts a little and it feels wide open if that makes any sense," I said.

"Yeah, I hear ya," John said. "It'll feel better later. After you've been fucked a few times it won't feel like anything afterwards."

I'd almost forgotten that John would know. I'd fucked his ass dozens of times at this point.

We both sat down and ate our sandwiches. When we were done, John got up to piss. He didn't close the door and I got a good look at him. As he was about to go, I snuck up behind him and grabbed his big dick. 

"Remind you of anything?" I asked.

John laughed.

"If I ever get poison oak again, kill me!" he said. 

John cleaned up and came out. He was still naked.

"Are you putting on clothes any time soon," I asked.

"Nah man. What for? We're just gonna end up fucking right," he asked.

I hadn't thought of it, but this was our first chance to spend an entire night of play time together without the specter of getting caught. I smiled at him and stripped naked. 

John sat on the bed and called me over. 

I walked up to him and stood directly in front of his face. My dick was just inches from his mouth. He looked at me and smiled before opening his mouth and taking my dick head in. He was getting good at sucking dick. 

After a few minutes of sucking me off, he lifted my hard dick and began to kiss and lick my balls. I grabbed the back of his head and stroked his hair. 

"Lay down on your stomach," he asked.

I did as he said putting my hands under my head.

John began to rub my back. His strong hands kneaded my back muscles and shoulders. He worked his way to my ass cheeks and then my legs. When he got to my feet he worked his way back up but this time kissing every inch of my legs and ass.

When he was satisfied he'd kissed and licked every inch of my ass, I felt him pull my ass cheeks apart. He gently licked my asshole.

"Dude, your asshole is stretched out!" John said. "Fuck!"

"Well your dick is huge dumbass!" I replied.

John worked his tongue deep into my ass. I bit my tongue as the sensation was almost too much. John continued to play with my ass cheeks with his hands as he probed my ass with his tongue. 

After a few minutes he pulled away.

"My cum is still in your ass dude," he said almost in a whisper. He then worked his way up kissing and licking my back.

"I want to fuck you again," he whispered in my ear when he reached my head.

"Well why don't you?" I asked.

John turned me around and pulled my knees towards my chest. He then worked the opening of the tube of lube right up to my ass and squeezed. I shuddered as I felt the cold lube enter my asshole.

He lubed up his big dick and placed it at my entrance. I was surprised with the ease his dick entered my asshole. It only took a couple of minutes for him to be balls deep into me. John put my legs over his shoulders and mounted me. 

I moaned at the feeling of being full of dick again. John began to fuck me as hard as he possibly could. I grabbed on to his arms and hung on for dear life. This time I relaxed my asshole as much as I could and let him fuck me to his heart's content. 

After about 10 minutes my legs had given way even more and our faces were just inches apart. I reached up and he reached down and we shared a sloppy wet kiss. I sucked his face as much as I could all the while getting fucked in the ass.

I felt his dick start throbbing moments before John said he was about to cum.

By now he was dropping all his weight on me giving me the fucking of a lifetime. Three long strokes later he was done. He rolled off of me and again my asshole felt unnaturally empty.

"Fuck man, I don't think I'll ever be able to get enough of that!" he said out of breath.

I could feel his hot cum running out of my ass. I felt like a complete whore. My best friend had fucked my ass three times in one afternoon. 

"I think I'm going to take a shower," I said. 

John was still fighting to catch his breath. His big dick was somehow still hard. 

I got in the shower and tried to clean up the best I could. Lube and cum kept flowing out of my ass. It was super tender and I could feel that it was stretched wide. The hot water felt good against my skin. I took my time cleaning up. When I was done I put on a pair of underwear and my robe. It was getting a little cool and I didn't feel like starting a fire.

John had made himself at home. He was eating some of our snacks and he'd popped in a DVD into the player. I realized immediately that it was the video me and Claudia had made. 

"Dude, Claudia is fucking fine," John said. "Can you imagine her and her sister getting it on?"

I laughed. 

"No! I think she made it up. She was jerking me one day and I was having a hard time cumming because I thought her parents were going to catch us. She started telling me this story and it totally got me off," I said. "Then she denied it when I asked her again later."

"Is she looking forward to this? John asked. 

"I guess so. She apparently went and bought some underwear for the occasion in fact," I said. "Are you nervous at all?"

"Sort of, I guess," John said. "I'll be honest I feel better now that I've actually fucked something!"

"Hey bitch! That something is me!" I said feigning anger and pointing at myself.

"OK, OK! I'm glad I got to fuck your ass first! Are you happy?" John said.

I laughed and grabbed some chips before plopping down on the couch. We both watched the video for about an hour. John asked what the plan of action was. I told him we'd play it by ear.

We both started getting really worked up after one scene where she sucked my dick until I came.

"Dude, she's fucking fine," John said, reaching for his hard cock.

I grabbed his hand and pushed it away.

"It's your birthday weekend, man!" I said. "You shouldn't have to pleasure yourself."

I lowered my head and began to suck his big dick.

"Yeah... yeah..." he whispered, as I engulfed his big dick with my mouth. I used my right hand to play with his balls and my left to jack him into my mouth.

I could hear Claudia getting fucked in the movie. She was a real screamer which made sex a challenge. I could feel John's cock throb in my mouth. 

"Dude, this might be my last hard on of the night. Can I fuck your ass again?" he asked.

I pulled off his dick and stood up.

"Of course buddy," I said. 

John said he didn't want to stop watching my greatest hits movie. He bent me over the back of the couch and had me spread my legs open. Next he started working his lubed up fingers into my ass. My ass hurt, but I let him have his way with me.

After a few minutes I felt his huge dick enter my ass. 

"Oh wait, hand me the remote, I want to find that scene where you fucked her doggy style," John said. 

I handed him the remote and he shuffled through the video until he got to the scene. Claudia was on her knees on her bed and I was fucking her from behind.

He hit play and started plowing into my ass. My ass was raw and every stroke hurt, but I kept trying to push into his dick. Eventually I could feel his balls wrap against mine. It was pretty hot. 

I could feel precum oozing out of my own dick. I held on to the couch as he fucked me hard.

This went on for about 20 minutes. I could feel my legs shaking and I knew I couldn't take much more of his fucking. 

I purposely clenched my ass cheeks as tight as possible. It hurt to do so, but I had to make him cum. Every time he pulled out I clenched. Every time he rammed his dick into me, I released. After just a few minutes I could feel his dick throb in my ass.

"I'm gonna cum!" he yelled. 

John grabbed my hips and started to really fuck me hard. I continued trying to milk his monster dick, hoping he'd cum soon.

Suddenly I felt the familiar sensation of his warm cum filling my ass and I knew that it was almost over. John pulled out of my ass and got on his knees. I didn't know what he was doing.

He spun me around and swallowed my entire dick. 

He fucked my dick with his face. After just about a minute I felt my own cum boiling to the surface. I grabbed the back of his head and fucked his face as hard as I could. I could feel his teeth scraping along the bottom of my dick, but I didn't care.

My cum oozed out of his mouth as he fought to swallow my load. I stood there with my cum flowing out of my dick and my buddy's cum flowing out of my ass. 

John cleaned my dick with his tongue. He then spun me around again and started cleaning my asshole with his mouth. 

"Dude, it's still warm," he said, licking up his own jizz.

I rolled over the back of the coach and collapsed. 

Later I felt John waking me up. He had obviously showered and was ready for bed.

"Hey dude, don't fall asleep on the couch. Let's go to bed," He said.

He helped me up and we both found our way to the bed.

We shared a long wet kiss before we got comfortable and snuggled under the covers. The night was chilly and we were totally worn out from fucking.