 "The Lesson Continues..."

"Don't worry about it," says John "we did say it was a one-off."

John's words were spinning round in Harry's mind like a demented carousel as he replayed the events of the previous night in his head. Each time he imagined his mouth around the velvet tip of John's cock, savouring its sweet taste as John slides a wet finger-tip against the crack of Harry's arsehole easing it into the dark warmth resulting in shivers of untold pleasure. Harry had thought of little else these past few days and his cock duly responded, throbbing in anticipation. John had clearly unlocked a part of Harry's sexuality that he wanted to explore further, but how was he going to persuade John that he wanted another lesson? How could he persuade him that it shouldn't be a 'one-off'?

Whereas before when walking around the local shopping precinct Harry would amuse himself by mentally undressing women, expertly determining the size and shape of there breasts and imagining the shape and texture of their nipples – he was always a bit of a breast man - he found himself now unconsciously doing the same with men. His eyes would drift to their crotches as he determined the outline of their manhood, imagining what guilty pleasure lay within the warmth of their trousers.

He particularly enjoyed eyeing up men who wore loose fitted track-suit bottoms where, with a particularly well endowed man, he could not only determine the length and girth of their cock, but could often determine the shape of their balls.

To his surprise (and delight) he found that his fantasying was having such an effect on his cock that there was a steady trickle of pre-cum throughout the day and night. Harry was becoming obsessed with the thought of sucking cock, any cock, but he was also having trouble in coming to terms with this new outlook. He had always thought of himself as straight, but whether he like it or not his experience with John was forcing him to revaluate his sexual preferences.

As he struggled with the implications of what he was contemplating, what John had unlocked inside him, he avoided talking to the one person that would be able to help him out. Worried that the events had possibly damaged their friendship, he resisted the temptation to call and invite him over.

As it transpires his fears were unfounded since John had little else on his mind besides the thought of extending Harry's sphere of experience.

Just as Harry was determining that he should actually make the first move, the doorbell rang and who should be on the doorstep but John offering up a bottle of fine malt whisky.

"I thought that since you clearly weren't going to call me, I'd bring you some Dutch courage."

They embraced, as only old friends do, but this time the embrace lingered and John gently kissed Harry on the lips. Without thinking Harry allowed John's tongue to teasingly open his mouth and make contact with his own tongue. He began to feel a little giddy from the experience, like a teenage boy experiencing his first kiss from a girl.

"Are you going to invite me in?" asked John. "Or do you want the whole street to see us making out on the porch?"

They wasted little time with small talk. John knew from the lust so evident in Harry's eyes exactly what he wanted – the next lesson.

Harry sat on the edge of the sofa as John quickly discarded his clothes proudly standing before him in his Y-fronts. Harry licked his lips in anticipation as he savoured the long thick outline of John's throbbing cock. Pulling John towards him, and just as he'd been taught the night before, he dry kisses his way to up towards John's groin – and then repeats the action with his tongue-tip and then the flat of his tongue, wet with saliva; digging the tongue deep into the corners of John's groin, licking his balls, catching them gently between his lips, massaging them with his tongue-tip until they take on a wet slippery life of their own. Sliding his fingers and then his hands into John's briefs at the top of his thighs, he strokes John's pulsating cock, pulling the briefs down, allowing his cock to stretch skywards. The pre-cum that glistens on the velvet head of John's cock slowly drips onto the tip of Harry's grateful tongue, delighting in its sweet taste. Running his tongue along the length of the shaft Harry expertly slides the wet O of his lips over the head to meet the edge of the straining foreskin, skimming the point of his tongue around and along the ridge at the back of the cockhead, within the warm cave of his mouth. John's cock twitches in response and he groans approvingly. Harry briefly stops and looks at the expression of pure unadulterated pleasure on John's face. The teacher is clearly reaping the rewards of his earlier lesson.

"I think you're clearly ready for the full induction," whispers John as he kneels before the alter of Harry's cock straining to be released from the confines of his denim trousers. Urgently undoing the studs of his flies, Harry lifts his hips so that John can slide both his trousers and Y-fronts off. Harry's cock, now gorged full of blood, twitches expectantly. As John pulls Harry's eager cock into his mouth, Harry lifts his legs and places them on either shoulder, rubbing the heels of his feet sensually along John's back. Lifting his bum, so that John's tongue can fully explore the length of his cock, his balls, the crack of his arse. First licking and then cradling his balls, John reaches behind Harry's balls and slides a wet finger-tip against the crack of Harry's arsehole – feeling the muscle begin to give – to widen – he then eases his wet finger into the dark welcoming warmth of his hole.

Harry moans as the finger hits the spot whereupon John replaces his finger and rubs his now rock solid cock along the crack of Harry's arse, teasing the velvet head of his cock tantalisingly against Harry's arsehole. All of Harry's inhibitions have deserted him and he purposely shifts his hips forward encouraging John's cock to complete its journey. With his free hand John squirts some lubricant into his hand and applies it liberally on his cock and along the crack of Harry's arse. Grabbing Harry's hips he pulls him towards him to get the necessary leverage. Suddenly Harry feels his muscles begin to expand, to surrender their resistance and allow the tip of John's cock to slide into his arsehole. The sensations that shiver through his body are like nothing he's experienced before and as John begins to rock slowly back and forward, thrusting the long thick girth of his cock ever deeper in the deep recesses of Harry's arse he lets out a long satisfied groan.

As the rhythm of John's cock gets faster their respective grunts and moans of sexual ecstasy are a perfect unison of mutual sexual gratification. As their breath quickens to an ecstatic rhythm, John's thrusts faster more urgently against the wet tunnel that is now Harry's arse – feeling the geyser of cum rise the length of his cock – the animal moans explode to a shout – a cry of release – as John shoots the full load of his come inside Harry, whereupon Harry's cock follow suits spurting a seemingly never ending stream of cum into the air. They collapse into each other's arms, exhausted but in glorious sexual satisfaction.

"What's next?" beams Harry.