 I'd hired a guy to cut the lawn and tidy up the garden a little. I was sitting at my desk, pounding away at the keyboard, when I looked up and saw him through the window.

I was instantly hard, and interested. He was just the most stunning man I had seen in a long, long time. His handsome face was fringed by sun bleached hair and when he caught me staring he looked up and smiled. His ruby red lips parted, revealing perfectly white teeth. He licked his lips, perhaps because he was thirsty, but the sight of that little gesture really got to me.

I took another good long look at him. He wore a pair of really faded cut off jeans that showed off his long, bronzed legs to perfection. His neat little ass was enough to make even a straight man go gay. As I watched, he peeled off his T shirt, revealing a well developed chest and six pack stomach. A trail of blonde hair grew down from just below his breastbone and thickened and darkened below his belly button. His chest itself was completely smooth and he had two, tiny little brown nubs, for nipples. Sweat glistened on that hard, muscular torso of his and how I longed to give him a rub down.

Well, my working day was ruined. There was no way I could concentrate with that hot man out there. I shut down the computer and took some ice cold lemonade out to him.

'Wow, thanks.' he said, and then gave me another of those sexy smiles of his.

'Pretty hot.' I said.

'Me? Or the day?' he replied.

I certainly did not expect to hear him say that. Suddenly I felt excited by possibility. How did I play this one, I wondered. It was probably best to be up front about it, I decided.

'You.' I replied.

'You're not so bad yourself.' he replied as he stroked that flat stomach of his.

'Do you fancy a fuck?' I asked.

'What about the lawn?'

'I'll hire someone else to do it tomorrow.' I told him.

He followed me indoors and commented on how good the air- conditioning felt. I was desperate to get hold of his sweat before it all evaporated so I tugged on his shorts. He quickly unbuttoned his flies and let his shorts drop to his ankles. He wasn't wearing any undies and the pale creamy skin of his untanned parts looked so incredibly rude. 

I dropped to my knees and pressed my nose against his big, sweaty balls. The smell of good, honest sweat filled my nostrils and acted like an aphrodisiac, not that I needed one. My cock actually ached, it was so hard. His balls were totally hairless and very smooth. I licked his crinkly ballsac and savoured the salty tang that crossed my tongue. As I licked I slid my hands up his smooth thighs and onto that delicious ass of his.

His butt cheeks were firm and silky smooth but when I slid my hand into his crack I was surprised by the jungle of hair I found in there. It was like a furnace back there. I brought my hand up under my nose and the musky male scent drove me crazy. I spun him round and bent him over. His little pucker was a rosy red colour and was hidden in a wild tangle of dark blonde hair. I pressed my face into his crack and began fighting my way to his rosebud. His sweat sodden hair was soon slicked down and my tongue made contact with his spicy little manhole.

He groaned loudly and pushed back against my face as I greedily lapped at his love sluice. I could tell from the sound that he was tugging on his cock as I ate him out. Easing a finger into his hole it was gripped by a vice like grip and I knew I was in for one really hot ride. It was time for me to get naked. Reluctantly I pulled away from him and he turned around to watch me strip. His big, veiny cock curved across his left hip, the purple knob only just peeping out of his fleshy foreskin.

I grabbed hold of his cock and guided it into my mouth. There was just the faintest hint of a musky ripeness that I savoured as I guided him into the back of my throat. Once more my hands played up and down his strong, smooth thighs. His hen's egg sized balls danced about as I greedily ate his fuck pole. He cradled my head in his hands and whispered words of encouragement. As much as I loved sucking his dick my cock was crying out for some action.

I stood up and we embraced, sharing a horny kiss. Our hard cocks were mashed between us and both were now slick with their own excitement juice. 

'Fuck me.' he whispered in my ear.

It was all the encouragement I need to hear. I had him bend over the sofa while I applied some lube to his willing asshole. I loved the way he clenched down hard on my finger, letting me know what was to come. I applied some lube to my swollen, red knob end and pressed gently against his asshole. His slick asslips just simply melted around my cock and I slid in without any resistance at all. As the heavy ridge of my cockhead plowed through his assguts I thought I was going to lose it. I gritted my teeth, determined not to do what I hadn't done since I was a teenager and ejaculate too soon.

I think he must have known what was happening because he stopped clenching his assring around my cock. That seemed to do the trick and the impulse passed. I could now concentrate on really stroking his delicious fuck alley. The sight of his pale ass below that strong, bronzed back was an immense turn on. The warmth and slickness of his ass seemed to increase and soon the sounds of a really hot fuck filled the room. I pulled my cock all the way out and he gasped, and begged me to put it back in. I sank my cock up to the nuts in one stroke and a shiver of delight went down my spine.

I think he wanted to make sure that I didn't do that again because he started clamping down on my cock. He had an incredibly powerful grip and soon was really milking the very cum out of my balls. I knew we were on the home stretch now; there was no way I could hold out. My cock head was tingling and my balls were huddled close under my body. The soles of my feet started to burn and then powerful waves started to pulse through my body.

He bucked against my supersensitive cock and I lost it. I saw stars as a powerful jet of cum blasted out of my balls and deep into his well fucked ass. I shuddered as rope after rope of jizz exploded out of my cock.

A minute later I eased my softening cock out his ass and we went to take a dip in the pool. Later I threw my legs up in the air and discovered that he gave as good as he got.

END

Copyright Daniel Blue