 Traveling by air during the winter has its attendant risks of flight delays and cancellations, and on a flight from Columbus to Dallas on a Friday night some years ago I found myself grounded for the night in St. Louis. The airline collected my fellow unfortunates and me and loaded us onto an airport bus bound for a nearby hotel. We queued up in front of the hotel's check-in desk, all of us a bit grumpy and irritated. Finally, my turn came and I secured a room.

I deposited my carry-on in the room, adjusted the thermostat, and flipped through the TV channels for a while. Out of boredom, I walked to the lobby to look around and spied the bar, which was nearly empty. I strolled over and asked the bartender for a glass of red wine, which she promptly provided. A man that I recognized from the bus ride came into the bar area and looked about. He approached the bar and took a stool near mine. I glanced at him while he talked with the bartender, noting that he was quite handsome. I judged him to be in his 50's. He looked unusually tan for the winter months, and I guessed that he probably lived in Arizona or California or some other place where the sun doesn't give up so easily. 

We soon began chatting, bemoaning our predicament and hoping we would be able to get out of the St. Louis airport in the morning. I complained that I had to return to Columbus on Sunday, so my weekend was virtually ruined. He sympathized with my plight, and said that luckily for him he was heading home to stay. Then he told me the only real regret about being stranded was that he had had plans for that night that he was necessarily forced to cancel. He moved to the stool next to mine and continued in a low, conspiratorial tone, telling me he had recently made a new friend that he had intended to fuck for the first time that evening. He had been thinking about it all week, and now the big event would have to wait. 

We eventually moved to an empty booth and continued to chat as more people came into the bar. I told him I didn't want to torture him, but I wondered exactly what he had been planning to do with his new friend -- which I assumed was a woman. At that point he smiled and told me his new friend happened to be the son of a business associate, and his intention had been to put the young man directly onto the end of his big dick. I felt a bit embarrassed and shocked, but I also felt my groin area begin to grow warm. A pleasant pressure started to develop beneath the zipper of my jeans.

We continued to drink and talk, our conversation returning several times to the topic of sex. He told me how much he loved to top, especially guys younger than himself. Two of his nephews had willingly given him their virginities, and he told me that he had taken them hard, in a way they would be sure to remember for a long time. He elicited from me a confession that I was attracted to fit older men, and that I had been initiated into sex with men by a professor during my college years. At that point, I think I realized that it was an inevitability that I would hear a knock on my hotel room door later in the night, that I would invite him inside and allow him to take off my clothing, and that he would put me on the bed and fuck me to his heart's content. 

I kept the room dark, the only light coming from a cracked bathroom door. My fellow traveller embraced me, pulling me against him. I lifted my arms onto his shoulders and let him kiss me and stroke my back and cup my ass cheeks. He put his hands under my shirt and touched my nipples. I lowered a hand to his crotch. Soon he had me almost naked, my cock bulging prodigiously against my underwear. He told me to take them off, and he squeezed and pulled my hardening rod as I stepped out of the briefs. I immediately was fully erect, oozing clear viscous drops that trickled slowly down my shaft. He told me to get onto the bed. As I did so, he removed his clothing and came toward me. He, too, was already hard. A thick vein ran just beneath the skin, from his pubis down the topside of his cock, ending just below his incredibly swollen head. I thought of what he had told me earlier, about trying to get home that night so as to put his new friend on the end of his big dick. He was indeed well endowed, and I thought again of him popping the cherries of the two young nephews he mentioned when we talked at the bar. Now it would be my turn to take his thick member.

He lubed himself from a tube he carried in a small shaving kit bag. The liquid made his cock glisten in the low light. I was intensely turned on -- in heat, even. God help me I wanted to be fucked. He did me first on my back, as he stood at the side of the bed. He spun me around and lifted my legs, telling me to hold them up and apart. He found my entrance and pushed firmly into me. The lube allowed him to slide easily, but the abruptness of being opened so wide, so quickly, resulted in a very sharp stab of pain. Thankfully, he stopped until I slowly calmed down and relaxed for him. Then he got his freak on, as they say, burying himself to his balls and rhythmically humping me. He climbed onto the bed and fucked me in the missionary position, pounding me fairly hard, his balls slapping my ass cheeks. He extended my arms above my head and held them against the bed while he went in-and-out over and over again.

After a bit, he pulled out and flipped me onto my stomach. He straddled my ass and immediately penetrated me again, moving in and out, each stroke very long and deep. My hard dick rubbed against the bed sheets as he did me, and I soon came on the sheets and cried out in near ecstasy. I lay virtually helpless as he continued to ball me, which he did for some time. When he finally came, he plunged in as far as he could and unloaded deep inside me. He lowered himself onto me and bit my shoulder as his cock jerked and twitched in my butt hole. 

The next morning, I sat next to him on the bus as we returned to the airport, my sore sphincter and the bite impression on my shoulder serving as reminders of the stupendous fucking I had taken. We exchanged contact information and took off towards our individual destinations. This remains the greatest layover in my history of air travel. I can't imagine it will ever be repeated.