 Four days had now passed since I'd argued with Peter. At first I hated that I was thinking about him, but soon had to accept it. I told myself that it was just a phase I had to go through before I would forget about him completely. 

He called me on the phone late that evening. I gave him chance to speak. He said that he was sorry and that he realised he couldn't force me to want the same things as him. I was surprised but glad to hear from him. I could tell from the way he phrased what he said - he still wanted more than casual encounters. I agreed to go round and see him tomorrow to discuss things. 'No heavy stuff' he'd promised.

I walked to his house around 11 that morning. It was a surprisingly cool day, a change from the recent heatwave. Grey clouds were amassing in the sky as I ambled down Peter's street. I had decided: even if we made up, I would not do anything sexual with him. I just wanted to make up as friends and then leave it at that.

I nervously rang the doorbell. He answered smiled and gestured for me to enter. He offered me a drink, invited me to sit down. He apologised for the argument and I did the same. He repeated most of what he'd said on the phone. He said he did like me, but was happy with whatever time I could give him. I felt a little embarrassed about it all. It felt like he'd gone back too far the other way, that he was grovelling too much - that he'd do anything I told him. 

Unexpectedly his doorbell rang. He answered - it was his ex-wife Suzie. My heart skipped a beat. 

'If Suzie was here then that meant Gary was outside in the car!' I thought to myself, trying to hide my anxiety.

I was flustered, I didn't want him to see me or know I was here. Suzie entered the room, smiled at me and offered a handshake. I was surprised by her genuine nature - totally different from the first time I'd met her. 

"How do you do?" She beamed, shaking my hand. "I do hope we didn't get off to a bad start. Entirely my fault, I'd assumed you were somebody other than who you were."

I was confused by her statement, but smiled politely. She sat down beside me. Peter gestured to me to go into the kitchen with him. It was darkening indoors thanks to the heavy clouds. The first rain drops began to splat on the windows.

"I'm so glad we had this talk." He said and held out his arms to hug me.

"Yeah me to." I said, still unsure as to what he really wanted. We hugged. "Oh by the way," I asked, "who did Suzie think that I was?"

"Oh, don't worry about it. She just thought you were 'hired help'." He smiled. "Now what do you want to do - I can drive you back home now, or, you can stay here and wait for me and Suzie to finish then we can finish...making up afterwards?" He grinned.

"Errmm." I hesitated. I still didn't really feel comfortable with Peter, even though we'd officially 'made up'. "I'd like to go now, if that's ok?" Peter nodded and gave a forced grin. 

"We'll talk more later then" He said. We left the kitchen.

"Suzie, I'm just going to give Chris a ride back home. I won't be long."

"Does he live far away?" She asked, her question directed to Peter even though I was in the room.

"Not far, just a ten minute ride."

"Oh well then Gary can take him - he's not doing anything for the next few hours or so - stubborn as he is." My head spun in panic. This was the worst possible thing she could suggest.

"It's ok, I think I'll walk." I said heading for the door. I opened it said a hurried 'bye' and stepped out into the rain. 

"Gary. Gary." I heard Suzie's voice calling behind me. "Be a dear, and give Chris a ride home would you."

"Ok, no problem." He called from the car. 

I looked at Gary in the car. Then looked back at Suzie and Peter standing in the doorway.

"It's ok," smiled Peter, "go on, it'll save you getting wet."

"Shit! Shit! Shit!" I hissed under my breath. Gary had already leaned across and opened the passenger side door. I reluctantly found myself walking over to the car. 'If he tries anything, I'll just yank on the handbrake, punch him in the balls and run.' I thought.

I got in the car, shut the door and waved bye to Suzie and Peter. My forced smile grinning at them as Gary sped us away.

"So er, where'd you live?" He asked.

"Just take me to Turnrow Street." I replied autonomously. Silence from Gary. Unnerving silence for the next few minutes. Eventually he spoke.

"So er, you got a car kiddo?"

"No I don't." I replied curtly.

"Do you drive?"

"No."

"I bet you'd like to learn?"

"Yes...probably."

"Well here. Why don't you come sit on my lap and I'll let you steer."

"No!" I yelled. Gary laughed like a comic book villain.

"I'll tell you what Chris - ha, know your name now - you're more interesting to me now. More of a challenge." I remained silent. "When you ran off to daddy the other night instead of staying with me I thought: here's a kid who still has a lot to learn."

"He is a nicer man than you." I replied angrily.

"Sure, sure he's nice. That's why you're gonna prefer me over him. I know how you really like it - you don't want everything nice, all yes Chris, no Chris, whatever you want Chris - you just wanna be used like a slut."

"Shut the fuck up." I yelled. Gary just laughed again.

"So tell me; this old man of yours does he have to take his teeth out to give you a blowjob?" 

"Shut the fuck up." I repeated.

"Hey! Hey! Hey! I'm just trying to get a little conversation going here. You could at least be civil to me." I glanced across at Gary. He changed his tone from jokey to serious. 

"Ok so you're a little greener than I thought. That's OK, don't worry about it. I'm just trying to help you out - open you up to new things. I bet, you're the kind of guy who was curious for ages but didn't have the balls to do anything about it...Then, one day you got lucky and met a guy who gave you a taste. It tasted good at first. But soon you realised you wanted more. You still didn't feel for-filled. So you see, that's where I come in: I'm the guy that's gonna For..fill your ass with cock." He laughed again and hit the steering wheel with glee.

I hated his crudeness, but Gary was close to the mark with his 'curious for ages' comment. I didn't want to give anything away so stayed silent.

"Ok, answer me this question. Answer me this one question and I'll drive you home, let you go without any funny business. Ok? Ok?"

"I don't know what you're going to ask." I said, wary of another trick or cruel joke.

"I'll take that as a yes." He said. "Now tell me. When you took my cock in that slutty mouth of yours - I bet you think about that more than any other sex you've had. Am I right or am I right?" 

"I think about it because it was horrible!" I yelled. Gary looked across at me and smiled.

"Arrr, but you do think about it? You do think about the time you took my big cock in your slutty mouth?" I sighed.

"No..." 

"...Oh but you just said that you did think about it."

"Yes, I..."

"Yes!? You do have a slutty mouth that loves sucking on cock? Is that what you're saying?" You couldn't argue against someone like Gary. I remained silent, biting my lip with frustration. "And don't say that it was horrible: I saw your dick getting hard as I held your face down on my cock. You didn't struggle too much to get away from it did you?"

"I did struggle but you were hurting me!" I snapped back. A pregnant pause from Gary.

"...but your dick was hard?" I gritted my teeth and banged my hands on the dash, with frustration at this man. I knew that I shouldn't have said anything at all, and whatever I did say he would just twist around. I resolved not to say anything for the rest of the car journey. 

"You're not denying it then?" Gary continued. I put my head in my hands. "Your dick was hard as you took me in your mouth." He paused again. "If it wasn't just say so. Just say 'no my cock wasn't hard as I sucked your dick sir' and we'll forget about it. I know it was but you can pretend...I know. I wish you'd just say it. I'd shut up then. Just tell me the..."

"Alright!" I screamed in frustration. "My cock was fucking hard, but it was shit! And my cock gets hard at anything so it doesn't fucking mean anything! Now will you please shut the fuck up and drive me home!" I was shaking with frustration and anger. I hated admitting it but knew that I couldn't lie convincingly when I was that angry. Gary changed gear as we sped out a road junction.

"I knew it was." He said quietly. The frustration boiled up inside again but I remained silent. I sighed. Shook my head and told myself to ignore Gary's ridiculous babbling. Gary didn't say anything else, just kept on driving for a while. I looked out at the road we were on. We were heading towards Turnrow Street, but he had definitely taken the long way round. He indicated to pull into a filling station up ahead.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I have to get some gas." He replied innocently.

"Don't think I haven't noticed you're taking the long route." I said.

"I had to come this way to get some gas." Innocently sounding again. He pulled up next to one of the pumps, and opened the door to get out. 

"I'm just going to pump this beauty full of gas - Don't worry: you'll get your turn. Just wait there a minute." He got out leaving me in the car alone. 

I sat there trying to calm down. I was thinking what a frustrating man he was to be with. He just wouldn't stop trying to get into my pants. I knew what his game was, trying to get me to admit that I was turned on by him and the mistaken incident between us. He would keep on grinding me down until I admitted it all - that's when he would pounce. 

What if he follows me home or finds out where I live from Peter - it'd be like this 24 hours a day. 

Maybe it would be easier to give up now - 'No! No! No!' I checked myself. I mustn't think like that. The guy's a jerk who thinks he can do what ever he wants to me. I'd just be another in a long string of his conquests. I mustn't do it. 

'The bottom line is; he is not a nice person so I'm not going to have sex with him. That's it.' I said to myself. Still it was strange having someone so insistent. It had never happened to me before.

Gary exited the shop and climbed into the car. He tucked some change into his pocket and pulled out the car keys. He looked across at me with his innocent hangdog expression.

"Look Chris." He said solemnly. "Let me be honest with you for a moment. I know I'm a little bit annoying, a little bit forceful sometimes - it's just the way I am. I just want to say: I'm sorry if you were a little freaked out by what happened at the bar. I thought you'd like it. It's just that, when I first started talking to you, and you weren't interested in the girls and could see your interest - I thought that cute kid is either real experienced or really innocent. I guess I chose the wrong one." 

He looked at me with big dark eyes. I was surprised how genuine he sounded and wondered if he was being totally truthful for once. He continued speaking. 

"It's just that, the thing is a lot of guys like it forceful like that, and the guys who like getting sucked like to take it like that. I'm guessing you've probably not had much experience at it and that's why it upset you a bit. Am I on the right lines?" 

I nodded. "So you see, as you get more experienced you'll understand that the gentle stuff doesn't really cut it in the way of excitement. I mean it can be nice, but when you have that really dirty, hardcore 'urrrr let's fuck' feeling - do you know that feeling?" I nodded again. "When you have that feeling you want to do something a little more hardcore. It has a lot to do with the mind - everything to do with sex does." Gary continued." You think it's going to be good, then it usually is. Like, if you're gonna go with someone - a strong character, who you know can fuck you delirious, then you'd already be turned on before the action even starts. It's all in the mind really."

"I guess that's true." I said, feeling calm again after the frustration of five minutes ago.

"There you go, you're actually starting to agree with me." He smiled. 

"I guess." I said.

"There you go then. And don't worry about anything" He smiled. "Sometimes you have ideas about doing stuff and then find that you're just not quite ready to do it. I guess that's what happened between us." He reached across and casually placed his hand on my shoulder. "Plus, I know I'm a little on the large size which probably didn't help either. When you saw my dick, you were probably turned on by the fact it was so huge, but scared by the practical side of having to suck it. It was exciting...but still scary at the same time. It's all in the mind again. I mean, not many people fantasise about playing with tiny dicks. People usually fantasise about big cocks, am I right?"

"Yeah, I guess." I said quietly. Gary nodded slowly, encouraging me to continue speaking.

"I guess...I just wasn't ready for it that big." I stammered.

"Don't worry about it." He said. "The right time will come." He put the key in the ignition, fired the engine into life and exited the gas station.

I sat back in the seat, surprised at Gary's change of tone. He'd actually been quite insightful. 

Maybe I was wrong about him, or maybe he was just so good that he knew how to charm the birds from the trees. I wasn't sure. I believed that I was a good judge of character: if he hadn't been genuine, then I would've been able to tell, and yet, it had been such a change from how he'd been previously. 

I looked across at him as we drove. He seemed relaxed, confident, in control. I started to feel the good vibes coming from him.

"So you ever get to go out of town much?" He asked casually.

"Not really. None of my friends have cars, occasionally, I guess but only when my parents come to visit."

"You like the countryside at all?"

"Yeah, I prefer it to the city, more peaceful." Confessing my love for the great outdoors.

"I go fishing sometimes, up Haddon Range. You know it?"

"I've heard of it, but I've never been."

"Oh, it's beautiful." Gary enthused. "The water at the lake is so still and clear, it's like a giant mirror reflecting the jagged mountain range that acts as a backdrop. Do you fish at all?"

"I've never tried it." I replied.

"You should definitely go sometime. Even if you don't enjoy the fishing you'll enjoy the rest of it."

"Yeah..." I nodded, wondering if he was going to invite me (and what I would say if he did).

"Oh well. Here we are at Turnrow Street." He kept the car moving slowly down the road. "Where do I stop. I can take you to your house if you want?" 

My house was in a little avenue about 200 yards up the road. 

"Err ok," I said, "I'll tell you where to turn...ok, here turn right." The car pulled in to the road.

"Where do I stop?" Asked Gary waiting for my instruction.

"Just here." I said, pointing to the house. I hadn't intended for him to find out where I lived, but felt I could now handle him - now he realised his bullshit wouldn't get him anywhere. He stopped the car outside the house and switched off the engine.

"So, looks like a nice house."

"Yeah, it's ok."

"Which room do you have?" He asked.

"That one on the second floor." I pointed.

"Oh that one there." He confirmed. "And, err, I bet this house has nice bathrooms?" Gary asked cheekily.

"Err, yeah, they're ok." I said, unsure whether he was serious or joking.

"Oh sorry." He said seriously. "I didn't mean it like that, it's a polite way of asking if I could use your bathroom?"

"Oh. Yeah, ok," I said "if you're quick."

I got out the car, walked up the path with Gary following behind. I opened the door and we went inside.

"There is the bathroom there." I said indicating the first door in the hallway. 

I was wary about being in the house with Gary. I still wasn't entirely sure if I could trust him. I imagined his scheme to get me to go fishing with him, was an excuse to get me alone with him. During the last half of the car ride, he had been a pleasure to be with, but still a hint of danger - he might turn at any minute. Maybe that's why I liked him, but this excuse to use the bathroom could still be a trap. I decided to part company with him ASAP.

"Thanks for the lift Gary."

"No problem." He said pushing open the door to the bathroom.

"I'm going to get on with some work I have to do now. Can you see yourself out?"

"Sure. Bye now." He said abruptly, hurrying into the bathroom.

I went up to my room and sat down on the bed. I thought about what had happened since I'd last been in here. I came to realise that I hadn't thought about Peter at all, not since leaving the house. My thoughts had been on Gary for the entire car journey and I was still thinking about him now. He was the kind of guy you wouldn't admit to like being with, but who you missed when he was not around.

I wondered how much he did find me attractive. Did he act like this with every young guy he met? I kind of hoped that maybe we'd meet again. But I didn't want to go looking for him: that would just be an ego boost for him. And he had more than enough ego for his big head already.

Suddenly the door to my room swung open. "Gary!" I exclaimed in horror - springing up from the bed with shock. He entered swiftly, closing the door behind. "What are you doing in here!? Get out!" I said forcefully. 

He stood motionless in front of the doorway. "You're not invited here. Get out!" I hissed, worried that my housemates might hear. 

"I've come to have my fun with you." He bragged. "Your a bit of a whiny bitch so I thought I'd get you some experience. I know you want it really. Here's what..." 

"NO!" I pleaded.

He continued. "Here's what you're going to do - you're going to suck my cock good. Then, if you ask me nicely, you'll be allowed to ride it." There was something so forceful and sure about the way he spoke.

He took off his jacket and threw it into the corner of the room. I stood exasperated, not knowing what to say or do. He pulled off his T-shirt and flung that aside too. He stood blocking the exit. His torso, full and beefy. His center round but firm - solid like a tree trunk. Defined pectorals, decorated with wispy jet-black hair. Arms chunky and strong. His large hands attached with rock solid wrists. A silver chain adorned his neck. I knew I had no chance of pushing past him to escape.

'What do I do? What do I do?' My thoughts scrambled. Gary began undoing his belt buckle. 

'I could just go along with it.' I thought. It seemed like the only option I had. 'I'd go along with it and try to convince him to be gentle and nice with me. Make him come quickly, then he'd want to leave.' Yes that's what I'll do. 'It'll be over soon.' I told myself. 

"Come here." Gary ordered. I stood still with fright. 

"Come here." He repeated. 

He stepped forward grabbed my arms and lifted them towards the ceiling. 

"Keep them there." He said, and quickly pulled my T-shirt over my head revealing my smooth naked white torso. 

"Now I want you butt-naked - take off everything." I stood there dumb. "Arrghh!" As he yelled, picking me up with ease and chucking me down onto the bed. He grabbed at my shoes, yanking them off one after the other, then pulling off the socks.

"Undo your jeans. Come on!" He said hurriedly. I began fumbled with my belt and button but before they were fully undone Gary was yanking them off along with my underwear. My hand covered my cock as I lay back on the bed, naked for the first time in front of him, barely seconds after he'd barged into my room.

"Good, not bad." Gary's sinister voice said. "Looks like it might have been worth putting up with your whining in the car after all. Now get down on the floor." 

Before I could move, he'd grabbed my arm and thrown me onto the floor in front of him.
