 The next morning - the morning after first meeting Peter, I awoke in my bed. I lay there a while thinking about what had happened the day before. I didn't feel entirely comfortable with myself; it had all felt so good at the time but now I was having worries. 'Does this mean that I am gay?' 'What if he tells people what had happened?' I knew he wouldn't, but my worries still occupied my mind for the rest of that morning. 

I distracted myself by looking through the project Peter had given me - it wasn't just a scheme to get into my pants, he did actually take in interest in this stuff. It helped pass the time but by mid afternoon however, any thoughts of doing some work had totally gone from my mind. All I could think about was what had happened and what might happen in the future. 

I went upstairs to my dingy bedroom and sat on the bed. My mind was racing with thoughts about what had happened yesterday, how great it had been and how dirty it had made me feel. I knew I would have to have it again, despite the doubts in my head. 

My student house mates began noisily messing around in the kitchen so I decided to go for a walk. As I slipped out the door, I knew I would end up accidentally passing by Peter's house but, still, I didn't like to let on to myself that things were that simple. I wanted to savour the sex, for it always to be special. 

Sure enough, fifteen minutes later I happened to be walking down Peter's street. It was another blistering hot summer's day. Each step closer to his house I got, I became more and more excited. I could barely keep my excitement hidden, so hurried along hoping to get to the hot sex as soon as possible. 

As I approached the house, I could see a black sedan car parked up outside. As I got closer I could see that there was a man sat in the driver's seat. My excitement turned to apprehension. I approached nervously, gradually getting a better look at the man in the car. He had mid-length black hair, a moustache and was wearing a pair of those 80's raybans sunglasses. He was reading a newspaper but kept stopping to look around toward the front of Peter's house. 

I stopped my approach and wondered what to do. 'Perhaps he's inside with someone else?' I wasn't sure whether to proceed. Wild thoughts about the 'gay mafia' sprang into my head, but my more rational judgement sensed that it would be ok. I walked up to Peter's house, pretending to ignore the car parked outside. I didn't look behind me, just went straight up to the front door and rang the doorbell.

To my surprise, it was a woman who opened the door. She looked about mid-40s, quite tall with auburn hair in an immaculately neat 'bob' style, wearing a peach summer dress. She seemed as surprised to see me, as I was to see her. 

'Oh!' She exclaimed.

"Oh...Hi, I'm err...I'm here to see..."

"It's alright Suzie, he's a friend of mine." Said Peter, stepping up behind her.

She stepped aside to let me enter the house. Peter smiled at me and guided me in to the house with his hand on my shoulder.

"...I see." Said the woman in a slightly sarcastic tone, looking me up and down.

"Suzie this is Chris, Chris this is Suzie." Peter introduced us hurriedly. She flashed me a functional smile. He turned to me privately and quietly asked if I would go upstairs and wait in the front bedroom. He said she wouldn't be staying much longer and he would explain everything shortly. I agreed: the woman seemed like a bit of a sourpuss. I went upstairs, curious to see more of his house.

I entered the front bedroom and looked out the window at the car parked in front. The man in the Black Sedan was still there, still reading the newspaper. I sat down on Peter's large double bed and wondered what was going on and who these people were. I took a look round his room. It was very clean and tidy, although plainly decorated. My earlier apprehension dissipated as I waited for the woman to leave: Once she had gone we would be alone together. I considered surprising him - maybe stripping off all my clothes and lying naked on the bed ready for him.

Before I could do anything, I heard the sound of the front door opening. I looked out the window and could see the woman in the peach dress walking down the drive. She got into the sedan car; the man in it put down his newspaper, started the car and drove off. Peter came into the bedroom.

"Sorry about that." He said. "That was my ex-wife - Suzie. She just had to stop by to speak to me: my eldest daughter is getting married soon and we had to go over a few things for the wedding."

"I see...and who was the guy in the car?"

"That is her new husband. He, err, he doesn't like to come in the house for...various reasons."

"He doesn't like Suzie talking to her former husband?" I asked.

"Not specifically that. Some people are still intolerant to other peoples' lifestyles." Peter said.

"Oh, Ok..." I said, wondering if what he meant was what I was thinking. "Congratulations to your daughter by the way." 

"Thanks. Anyway. It's great to see you again!" He said enthusiastically. I smiled shyly but was pleased he had said so. There was a moment of silence between us. I knew why I had come back, and I suspected so did he, but we both seemed a little shy about starting proceedings. He broke the silence: "Gee! It's a pretty hot day again, why don't we go and sit down and have a beer or something?" 

I flashed a smile and let him lead the way back downstairs and into the lounge. As I sat down Peter scurried into the kitchen. In a flash he was back with an open bottle of beer. He handed it to me; 

"Here, drink up." He said. I could sense a hint of nervousness in his voice. He sat down on the chair opposite. "Did you get a chance to look through that project...".

"Umm, why don't..." I broke him off. "Why don't you show me round the house. I don't really feel like drinking to be honest. Your bedroom was nice, lets go back there. Take a close look at your bed?" I asked nervously. Peter looked at me intensely for the first time since my arrival. He nodded. I could tell he had caught on to my hint and was working out a course of action. I was relieved and hoped I wouldn't have to offer any further hints along the way. He took a long swig of beer and rose from the chair. 

"Come on upstairs then." He said pointing in the general direction. I went ahead as we climbed the stairs. I could feel his eyes burning into me from behind. Part of me hoped I wouldn't make it to the top of the stairs with my pants on. "That there on the left, is the bathroom." He said in his tour voice. 

My heart sank a little: I hadn't expected a real tour of the house. Peter held open the door and showed me inside. As I moved past him, I deliberately brushed my ass against his crotch. Suddenly he grabbed my arm tightly. I felt a surge of adrenaline. "You...you came back for sex didn't you?" I looked up at him and nodded slowly. He smiled. "Ok, then. Why don't we take a shower together." 

"Sure." I answered. He let go. I moved into the centre of the room. Impatiently, I pulled off my shirt, trousers, shoes, socks - everything, flinging them onto the floor. I could see Peter watching me and could feel the intensity of his arousal growing. Teasingly, I turned my back to Peter and bent my naked body right over pretending to tidy the pile of clothes on the floor. I wanted to push his desire over the edge. Have him surge forward and grab my slim waist firmly. Impatiently shoving himself up into me and fucking me hard then and there. I wanted it bad. 

I reached slowly back up to stand straight and moved towards the shower. My cock was already hard with anticipation as the water began cascading down my athletically sculpted chest. Peter was still watching intently. "Come and join me. Come on." I said, gesturing him towards me. 

I watched as he, picked at his shoelaces. He pulled off his shoes and laid them in the corner. Then took off his socks, quickly stuffing them in his shoes. He pulled off his top and laid that on top, then came the undoing of the belt and the taking off of the trousers. He wore green jockey pants; I could see the bulge in his pants and stiffened a little more. I was impatient for him to join me. He pulled off the last item of clothing and entered the cubicle with me.

I could see he wasn't yet fully hard. I pushed my butt cheeks against his groin and waggled. We stood: my back to his front, the water cascading off out naked bodies. It was fantastic: I could feel his cock hardening against my bottom. I lay back against him. He grabbed me by my shoulders, smoothed his hands down my chest before grabbing at my cock. He pumped it gently. I was so turned on already that I almost came. I let out a large groan. Letting go of my cock, he wrapped his arms around my body, gently he nuzzled at my shoulder and neck with small kisses and bites. 

"Did you think about me, last night?" He whispered into my ear.

"Yeah, I thought about what we did, I thought about it a lot." I replied.

His hand smoothed down over my buttocks, around my hip and back onto my shaft. He stroked it gently. 

"Mmm, you have such a lovely cock." He said, in between neck kisses. "Such a lovely, yummy cock." He let go of my cock and gently pulled me around so we were stood face to face in the shower. He gazed at me intently for a moment, I turned away with a shy smile. He leant in and kissed my cheek, which took me somewhat by surprise. He kissed again at my neck, down to my chest then onto my tummy. 

"Did you like yesterday? Did you like fucking me?" I asked.

"Yeah, yeah. It was hot." Peter replied as he grabbed the shaft of my cock, staring intently at it; now right in front of his face.

He leant forward and took the head in his mouth. I lay back against the tiles in the shower cubicle. I could feel the warmth of his mouth around me and the slickness of his tongue against the shaft. I became conscious about what my hands were doing. I lay them against the wall to steady myself, feeling slightly awkward about how to act when receiving a blowjob. 

Peter stopped sucking briefly and looked up at me smiling.

"Do...do you want to do it again?" I asked.

"Oh yes." He replied, "but first..."

Before I could reply, he was down on my dick again. I let out a small groan which gave the impression I was enjoying it more than I really was. He continued giving head. I could feel him working away with his tongue - trying to get me off. I looked down upon him. Somehow, he didn't seem to be quite the mature, powerful man he was yesterday when he'd been towering over me with that lovely bulbous erect cock at the ready. His oral technique was good though and my level of horniness didn't wilt. 

He stopped giving head momentarily to catch his breath. I took control momentarily and twisted my body round to face the wall. 

"Do it again." I said. "Do it to me - like we did yesterday."

Peter didn't speak but stood up slowly, his masculinity increasingly shining through as he did so. He wrapped his left arm around my waist and pulled in close. 

"Do you want me to?" He whispered.

"Yes, yes I do." I answered.

His right hand cupped my bum. Gently sliding across to the crack.

"OK." He said. I relaxed, knowing that he would now take control. "Then after, I will make you cum."

His palm slid down between my buttocks. I felt his finger tip reaching inside me. I let out a groan, enjoying the feeling of being sandwiched against the hard bathroom tiles and his body. His finger probed further inside. Those feelings of discomfort came back as he pushed deeper inside me. I bit my lip to keep any sound I might make inside. I knew it would feel good soon. When he was in full swing, when he was dicking me good - using me as his fuck toy then we would both be happy. 

Determined to make it happen. I pushed my ass back against Peter. "Do it to me." I murmured. He grabbed me tighter around the chest with one arm. I could feel him, he pushed in his finger again and began pushing it in and out - in and out of my young asshole. My already firm dick became painfully hard as I started to get off on the sensation. 

Soon, a finger wasn't enough. I wanted his cock, wanted him to just jam it in and fuck me. I didn't care whether it felt nice, or what it felt like, my body was aching to be fucked. "Do it to me." I said. "Do it to me."

"You really like it, huh?" Said Peter.

"Yes. Do it to me. Do it to me!" I yelled.

He let go of me. I reached behind, grabbed hold of his arm and pulled him towards me.

"OK! OK!" Said Peter. With more urgency, he pushed me flat against the wall of the shower. I watched the water cascading down as he I felt the tip of his cock against my ass. I felt the pressure building as he forced it against me, trying to break me open and enter. I let out a loud moan. 

"Arrrrrrrhhh!"

"It's hurting you?" He asked.

"No, keep going." I replied impatiently. He resumed the assault on my ass. Peter let out his first deep groan of the session as his cock slid inside. I almost fainted. My anus gripped his shaft hard as my legs turned to jelly. It was all I could do to stay standing, pressed up against the wall of the shower. 

He began thrusting hard into me. Each thrust made me feel weak with pleasure. I could do nothing but moan with each bludgeoning thrust. 

"Ooh, ooh, ooh." In time with each pulsating fuck. He pressed his heavier bodyweight against me, pinning me to the wall. He kept fucking, grunting now in time with my 'oohs' of delight.

My own dick was pressed against the wall, sliding on the tiles as my body rose with each thrust of his pelvis. The stimulation sent me over the edge. I screamed and whaled like a mad banshee. 

"Arrhhhhhhhhh, Ohhhhhhhhhhh!" 

Peter responded by fucking faster, as fast as he could. My dick rubbing against the slippery wall tiles and the combined pleasure of Peter's hard cock thrusting powerfully into my tight hole was all too much. My body spasmed as the cum began to spew from the tip of my own cock. The intense wave of pleasure built upon intense wave of pleasure. My body quivered with ecstasy. I groaned with pleasure. Peter groaned and grunted. Another slug of cum spewed out of me as my senses twitched and fizzied with orgasmic pleasure. My muscles giving way to the powerful sensations I collapsed back into the man. He caught me, I could barely stand, my whole body quivering from the delight. 

I sat down on the shower floor. I could see Peter's cock still hard. Still horny, I grabbed at his cock with my hands. Taking his pulsing shaft in my fist. I jerked hard wanting to make him cum. I hoped it would shoot out and hit me in the face. I wanted to taste it - have my first ever taste. He groaned as his knees buckled slightly. A slew of cum shot out from his dick, flying over my head and getting lost in the spray of the shower. I let go of his cock just as another small splat came out, landing just on my knee. 

He stood there panting. "Oh that's good, that's good."

I was slightly disappointed he didn't plaster me but knew have ever opportunity to creme me in the future. I looked up at his wilting cock, cum still leaking from the tip. He switched off the shower and got out. 

"Hey come and get dry." he said holding out a big towel. I crawled out of the shower. 

"Oh, that was amazing." I said. "I'm exhausted."

"You're exhausted!?" Exclaimed Peter, laying a towel over me. We both agreed. He helped me dry off, slipped on a shirt and pants and told me he'd fix up some refreshments. I stayed in the bathroom a little longer, contemplating what had just happened. 

I slipped on my boxer shorts and ambled downstairs. Peter fixed me a drink and suggested we lay out in the sun for a while 'to cool down'. I ventured out into the back garden and lay face down on the sunlounger. Short while later he came out with a glass of ice cool juice and set it down beside me. He perched himself on the edge of the sunlounger and began gently massaging my shoulders.

"So did you think about me, when you went home last night?" He asked.

"Yeah, of course. How could I forget." I tried to reassure.

"...And it was your first time too?"

"Yes, it was." I said.

"Did you like it?" Peter was curious.

"It felt strange...at first," I answered trying to give more detail, "but I'm glad it was with you."

"Arrrr, thanks. It will be strange the first time..."

"Have you ever done it?" I interrupted.

"Taken anal?"

"Yeah."

"Well, I have tried it. Sometimes when I fancy something different. Did you like getting sucked too?"

I paused for a moment unsure how to answer, I hoped the question wasn't an invitation but didn't want to offend Peter. 

"Umm, yeah it was ok." I said. "It's kind of more...more normal, than the anal sex thing. I like to have something unusual in my life, some kind of secret thing that only I can know about. I think I like it more because of that." 

"You like it because it's a secret that you have with me?" Peter asked.

"I think so yes. I'm a nice boy. Occasionally the guys joke about doing that to girls when we get a bit rowdy, but nobody would ever dream that I would like doing it." He laughed.

"Indeed. So do you like girls as well then?" His hands rested still for the moment.

"Yeah, I like girls." I answered. "But it's different, a different thing to this." 

"Um." He mumbled. I wasn't sure if he was disappointed with what I'd just said. It had been a truthful answer.

"Well you must've liked women at some point?" I asked. "Else, you'd have never got with your wife?"

"True," Agreed Peter. "I suppose we were happy together for a while, but only a short while really. The wheels started to fall off the wagon soon after we got married - that's when I really began to realise who I was."

"You are still on speaking terms though?"

"Yeah, she wasn't so understanding at first, but now we get on Ok. Not Gary - her new husband though. He is a real asshole. Full of himself you know? We had a falling out. Apparently it was because he hates gays, says they're all sick and should be locked up. Suzie tries to play it down says he just has difficulty understanding, but; whatever - he's not a nice guy."

"That's a shame." I said. I reached down for my drink, took a sip, then rolled over to lie on my back.

"So you don't have a girl at the moment then?" He asked. I suspected that the female issue was bugging him a little, so tried not to make a big thing out of it.

"No." I answered swiftly. "...Do you have anyone else?" I asked curiously. He looked down at his glass. "It's ok, I mean I don't mind if you do." He looked a little unsure but began to tell me.

"I was seeing someone, but it's all a bit of a mess. We haven't spoken in a few weeks."

"What was his name?" I asked, tactfully trying to find out more.

"Oh, Richard. He is younger than me, although not as young as you. He is married, so another closeted guy. I think it is over between us after our last argument...I think the main problem is he is not being true to himself and is trying to play happy families - living as a married man."

"Well, I'm sure you can sympathise, if you've been in the same situation. I mean, what I'm trying to say is there must have been some time when you realised who you were but still went on living with your wife?"

"Yeah, you got me there again. I guess I am being a hypocrite - still doesn't make it easy though." 

"...Still...interesting though, another married guy."

"What do you mean?" Peter asked.

"Well, you, your friend Richard have all been gay guys living a straight life, and if someone surveyed me, I'd probably tick the box that said 'straight'. It kind of ties in with what we were talking about yesterday - how many hide their tendencies, case examples and all that?"

"Yeah, maybe. You never think that these statistics are made up from actual people like you and I."
