 I should have said no.

They asked me if I could share, if I could take one for the team. Just for a while, they said, until the project was done. They had a budget that was too small and a workforce that was too big, but also necessary. I was a manager and I didn't have to and they'd never hold it against me, but they would really appreciate it if I could do them this favor. My team would appreciate it, they said.

The C-suite would appreciate it even more, they didn't say.

He'll be a senior, too, they assured me. We won't make you room with one of the entry-levels -- can you imagine? Never. And he's a nice guy, everybody says so. Clean, by the looks of him. And he's dedicated -- why, you'll hardly see each other! It'll be like living alone, Stan, just you wait and see. You won't even notice him, or his shoulders, or the way the firelight casts the best parts of him in shadow. Whispered conversations in the dark won't test your resolve, and it won't matter a bit that you're all alone together in the woods for months. You'll have no trouble at all keeping your distance from each other, Stan. Don't overthink things.

You'll be fine.

"Gonna need a bridge. No getting around it."

It's pitch black in the room even though we won't sleep for hours. We know we prefer the dark despite never having talked about it. It would be dangerous to discuss the bedroom lighting and we both know it.

"Maybe not. We've still got the other side to check out."

"You saw the same maps I did." He's all but whispering but I can still hear the texture of his voice, the rise and fall of his tone as he mouths the words. "Waste of time."

"Could find another route."

"Through where? The Bermuda triangle?"

"They're not gonna want to pay for a bridge, David."

"Not gonna have a choice if they want to be able to reach this place without a helicopter."

He's right. He knows it and I know it and he knows I know it. It's a thing we do -- arguing a foregone conclusion into the ground. Talking without really saying anything.

"Party pooper."

He snickers, a nasal and disgusting sound.

"It's why they pay me the big bucks," he says.

"They don't, though."

"Yeah." I hear him shift and I can imagine the sheets shifting over his skin as he pulls the blanket up so his feet are uncovered. David hates having his feet covered. "They don't, do they?"

"One day." I want to turn in his direction, to face him, but he'll know. He won't be able to see, but he'll know, and that could be hazardous knowledge to have in the dark. In such a small room. "Maybe soon, if we do this thing right."

"Mmm."

He sighs in a final sort of way, a way that ends the conversation. Before David, I never knew you could say so much with a sigh. Or maybe I'm imagining all the meaning.

Maybe he's just blowing out air, like we all do.

*****

He's ahead of me, marking trees. He does it even though we don't need to, even though it's way too early in the project for that. The company hasn't even confirmed the site yet, though they probably will.

"It's hot." I'm carrying my jacket over my arm but I'm still sweating. "Supposed to be winter."

"Fall," he calls back, as if that's an answer. He's wearing short sleeves. "Could get up to sixty."

Pierce Cove is a hilly woodland and the leaves are almost done turning. It must have been beautiful in October, but now the reds and oranges are all brown and the landscape is graying over with winter, even with the sun shining high. The forest floor is carpeted with dead leaves; I don't know how David knows where to place his feet, where the trail is, but he does.

"We should go shopping."

"What?"

He stops and waits for me to catch up, stuffing the tape into a pocket.

"For food." He hasn't shaved in a few days, and a good-sized beard his growing in, obscuring his lips and jaw. "For the holiday, I mean."

"Oh, yeah," I say after a beat. "I forgot."

"Yeah."

"I can't cook."

There's a leaf on his head. It's all I can do not to reach for it.

"Everyone can cook something."

"Except me."

"I'll help you."

His shirt is unbuttoned and his he has a knee bent a bit, like he'd posing for some kind of catalog. His giant eyebrows cast odd shadows on his face. It's completely ridiculous.

"No one can help me, David."

He lets out something that's not quite a chuckle, just a huff.

"I'll let you open the cans."

He leads us back to the cabin without checking the map. I want to look over at him, to keep talking, but my neck won't work and neither will my mouth.

We walk in lockstep the whole way. I wonder if he notices.

I close the door behind us and put my jacket away and he changes shoes and gets the keys to the truck. He stops by the door with his hand on the knob. I can feel him looking at me, so I look back, and it's like he's about to declare something, something weighty, but he doesn't.

He half-shrugs and walks out and closes the door.

*****

He's gone for a long time, until after dark, so I clean up the place.

The real dishes need to be dusted off so I do that, and I throw out the empty boxes of oven-bake pizza and cans of soup. Sweep the floor. We just went to town to do laundry yesterday, so I fold clothes and put them away. He has a lot of plaid underwear, which I think is funny. Prefers V-neck undershirts to crews. I try not to linger as I put his things in drawers, but I do, a little.

There's a locked trash bin some distance from the cabin, and I'm shoving a bag into it when he comes back, headlights sweeping across the tree line. It takes a lot not to run back to the cabin to meet him, but I manage.

"Damn."

He gives me exaggerated high-brows and grins, holding the bags up higher. "Do it right or not at all, huh?"

"It's already six." I follow him inside and I take in the back of him while he's not looking. While I have a chance. "I thought you were just gonna get some chicken or something. We can't even defrost a turkey for days."

"Oh, that's all done."

"They had thawed turkeys? Where?"

"I stopped at this restaurant, it's already cooked. We just have to make sides."

There weren't any restaurants in town that were open today. He must have gone to some city much further away. Knowing he went so far, to so much trouble, makes me...something. Relieved, maybe.

"Oh."

"Yeah, 'oh'. Help me before it gets too cold."

He makes another trip to the truck for more bags and I start unloading the ones on the counter. There're lots of general groceries we can't get in town, stuff like stir-fry orange chicken and pre-cooked sausage. The cabin itself is pretty modern, but the closest town is like something out of the 1870s. We'd once had to get a very expensive cab ride out of town because the local mechanic only had two kinds of oil, neither of which we could use.

That had been a long ride, and our knees touched whenever we hit a pot hole. We could have moved further apart, I suppose, but we didn't.

"What are you smiling at over there?" He piles more bags onto the kitchen table. I can't see his face but I can hear the smile in his voice, the joke. "You like Chinese that much?"

"Just thinking." I join him near the table and take some cans out of a bag. Carrots. Green beans. Cranberry sauce, the kind with whole fruit in it. "Anyway. Can't believe how long it's been."

"Since?"

"Since I've been home, I guess."

I can feel the heat from the turkey he's brought; it's in a special bag. He sets it on the middle of the table and walks away, carrying some instant potatoes to the stove. The humor is gone from him.

"You miss it?"

He knows I live in Columbus, that my house is new, that my dad knows the owner of the company and that's how I got my job. That I'm alone, mostly. I know he has a mother in Flagstaff he doesn't like much and a place in Zanesville that he doesn't like at all. That he used to work for the Park Service.

We don't talk about who we love or where we're from or why we took this job, this post in the middle of nowhere, miles from nothing. We don't ask those kinds of questions about each other.

We don't walk about what we miss.

"Uh..." For once I'm glad he's not looking at me. "Wish I missed it more, to tell you the truth."

He pauses shelving cans before starting again. "Not much to miss."

It's not a question.

"Sorry." For what, exactly, I'm not sure. "Don't mean to mope."

"I don't miss home, either." It occurs to me that the set of his shoulders is bitter, even though that doesn't make any sense. Isn't possible. "I mean, if you can even call it that."

It's an odd feeling, not to know what to say to David, not to have words tumbling out readily. We spent months talking, mostly about work. The weather. And nothing, too; nothingness had swallowed hours of conversation at a stretch. It sustained us, bound us together, that nothing.

There's safety in nothing.

"So how big is it? Your place, I mean. Gotta be bigger'n this place."

He chuckles without much humor, and it's the closest thing to attitude I've ever seen from him. It makes me a little angry. I'm just trying to give him an out, to keep things the way they are. We've both done it before, when we were floating away from the conversational shallows and the water started to creep up our necks.

One of us always made sure we didn't get dragged out to sea.

"Just a question." I'm holding the celery like a baby. "Small talk."

"Don't," he says.

"Okay." He's leaning his hip against the counter and glaring at me like I've insulted him, like I've spit in his coffee. "I was just -- "

He shakes his head. "God damn you."

"What?"

"Do you always have to be so fucking considerate?" He's grinding his teeth. "Jesus, you're like a butler."

"I..." I step away from the table and a little closer to him. The floor is stable, but groans under my feet. "What are we doing here, man?"

He smirks, and the look is nasty, obscene on his face.

"I think you know," he says.

I set the celery down.

"Not really." He hasn't moved. Still looks like he's trying to set me on fire with his mind. "I don't really know anything, for sure, do I?"

He's still glaring but least he's dropped the Halloween mask smirk. It was unsettling. "Sure you fucking don't."

"And what does that mean?" It's been hard to keep a lid on all this, to keep it from breaking the surface, but it's not my fault. Or not all my fault. "I didn't do anything -- "

"You..."

He's gripping the counter with force. I wait for him to continue because I don't know what else to do, what I could say that wouldn't break anything. Wouldn't drown us.

"I'm hungry as hell," he finally mutters. "Let's just...I want to eat."

He starts angrily assembling things, setting them into pots and onto the stove, adding water. I want to help, but when I hand him the celery and tosses it in the sink like trash and doesn't look at me. I feel like a plus-one who wasn't expected and makes the host uncomfortable. Makes the host want to avert his eyes so he doesn't stare, doesn't say or do anything inappropriate to a guest.

Doesn't give anything away.

*****

I wish it were cold enough to use the fireplace.

I can still hear him in there, banging around like a child, but at least the smells are good. He's making stuffing, I think, the kind in a separate pan, and the sage in the air is making my mouth water. There's some vegetable cooking, too, but I don't care what. I'm not in the mood for anything green tonight, just meat and carbs. I hope it won't be too much longer.

Been long enough already, in my opinion.

He actually startles me when he walks in, even though I've been staring at the doorway, waiting for him to come through. He's carrying two plates.

"Here." He sets one in front of me. "Hope you like all this shit."

He's still acting angry, but I can tell he's not. Just anxious. Frustrated.

"This looks really good." I smile at him. "Thanks."

He drops onto the couch beside me. Sits close.

I know we should talk -- we have to at least talk if we're going to survive the next few months with our sanity intact -- but I'm so hungry that I just dive in. It takes less time than it should, or at least less than I would like. I push a piece of bread around the plate for a while before I risk a glance.

He hasn't touched his food, doesn't seem to have moved since he sat down.

"You're not hungry?" It's hard to keep my voice even, to stay calm when he's so close. Our knees are touching, no potholes necessary. "It was pretty good stuff. You should -"

"God damn it," he whispers, shaking his head. His fingers are tapping his knee like he's playing piano. "God damn you."

"Yeah, you said that earlier." I shrug and place my hand over his to stop the tapping. It's making me crazy. "And it's fine. I mean..."

He blows out a breath in a rush, his hand sliding out from under mine and coming to rest on my thigh. I play with the hairs on his arm so he knows it's okay, that he can stop acting like a cornered raccoon.

"I'm sorry." His voice is thick and his eyes are closed but he hasn't moved his hand. He's playing the piano again. "This...it's not appropriate."

"I'm not complaining." This is all suddenly funny to me and I can't help but laugh. "Lord knows I'm not."

"This always fucking happens to me."

"Always?"

"A lot, anyway." He's sort of gently rubbing my thigh, his hand sliding higher. "I mean, when it's like this. With someone. Anyone, really."

"Really know how to make a guy feel special."

"Fuck off." He's all but petting my cock through my jeans now. "I just mean the close quarters. It...does something. To me, I mean. I get all..."

It's like he's trying to find my zipper without looking at it. I don't help him. "Cabin fever?"

"That's not what cabin fever means."

"It could be."

"It's not."

I move against his hand and he gasps. "It is if I say it is."

"I'm sorry about this." His breathing is uneven. "I know it's -- "

"You've been rubbing my dick for two minutes. I've had plenty of time to stop you."

He snatches his hand away like he's been burned.

"Hey, don't - "

"Sorry." His tugging at his hair. "I didn't mean to...sorry."

"Don't be sorry, just keep going -- "

"Please don't say things like that," he whispers. "Please."

There's no way he's backing out that easily, not when he's still panting like a rhino and fighting to keep his hands off me.

"You can't just stop in the middle." I lean in, my lips against his ear. "We can't."

He groans. "God damn it..."

"You're the one who..." I'm still picking at the hairs on his arm, tracing his veins. I'm truly, physically unable to stop. "You started it, remember? Brought it out."

I slide my hand into his palm, middle finger first, and he stands up and stumbles away. Looks at me from across the room while he braces himself against the door frame. Frowns like I've betrayed him, like he doesn't recognize me, and I can't really blame him.

I hardly recognize me either.

I refuse to be the one to look away but I don't have to hold my ground for too long -- he stomps into the bedroom with a swear and a bitten-off groan. I follow him, feeling like some horny, reckless demon is taking the steps for me, moving my feet. I close the door behind us and the darkness is sudden and complete.

"You don't get to do this." I'm not whispering, even though it feels like I should be. "It was hard enough before, but now it's fucking impossible. How are we supposed to keep our hands off each other? After all that?"

He's in bed, under the covers; I can hardly see, but I make out that much. He has the nerve to pretend to be asleep, to give me those fake-even breaths and unnatural, tense stillness. I stare down at him for a while, but he's committed.

"I'm too fucking old for this shit."

I change into some sweatpants and I don't rush even though he can't see a damn thing. What had been just a decent chub is now aching and demanding attention.

I don't make any effort to keep quiet.

*****

"If Robbinail Lane comes through here, they'll have to move the lake, I think."

We're outside at a table. He's standing, leaning against the wood with his palms flat over the plans. They want a pond in the middle of the subdivision, and we've been trying to figure it out for hours.

"Could take it around." I take a swig from a bottle of grapefruit soda, making a point of swallowing like I mean it. I don't even like it, but I'll drink twenty bottles of it just to fuck with David. "The street. Make it a Lake Shore Drive kinda deal. Call it Round Robin Lane, maybe."

I know my little display got to him, but he doesn't give anything up.

"That's not what Round Robin means, Stan."

"Does if I say it does."

He can't resist rolling his eyes and I count that as a victory.

"Good idea, though." He rolls his neck. It shouldn't be sexy, but it is. "Yards could back up onto the water. Private docks. They'll like that idea, I think."

"Good view, too. Evening, especially."

"Mmm."

The sun is setting now, casting weak light onto the now-bare trees. The leaves that carpeted the ground have crumbled into piles of near-ash that shift when the wind blows. The horizon glows with the last of the sunlight -- a fierce, bright line along distant hilltops.

"Wish I had a dog," he says suddenly.

They're the first words he's spoken to me in days that don't involve surveying. I'm not sure what to do with them, what they mean out here in our brave new world. If he's pulling us back to the shore or out to sea.

"Out here?"

He shakes his head. "No, at home. Well, the place in Zanesville."

After a beat I say, "Why?"

He doesn't shrug, but his head moves as though he had. "I don't know, just...it would be better. If it wasn't so empty all the time. If there was someone there. Waiting for me."

His eyes are gray, but they catch whatever light there is and right now that makes them orange. The red hairs on his face glow like filaments.

"Don't think I've ever had anyone waiting for me." I follow his lead and stare into the distance instead of at him. "Not even a dog."

"I have," he says. "It's...there's nothing like it."

"Maybe that's why you...uh."

"What?"

"You know." I decide to look at his hands, a safe compromise between the trees and his face. "Have issues with the close quarters thing. You mentioned it. Before."

"Yeah, maybe." He's upset that I brought it up, but it can't be avoided any longer. Even he must know that. "Probably."

"So..." I swallowed. "So why'd you stop?"

We're looking at each other for real, without the pretense of work or weather or nothingness. The weight of his gaze makes me tired, exhausted from all the dancing around.

"I...can't give you what you want."

"Why not let me be the judge of that?"

He huffs. "I mean...we're done out here in a few weeks. You'll go your way, I'll go mine, and...I don't know, I...and..."

"And what?"

"I just can't do that afterward. I've tried it before and all I get is depressed. I can't just walk away after -- "

"Fucking?" I can feel my heartbeat in my fingertips, my toes. "That what you mean?"

"Stan, please, I -- "

I stand up and get next to him, shoulder to shoulder. He looks startled and tries to move away, but grab his belt loop and don't let go.

"It won't be like that." I slide a hand into the back pocket of his jeans. "We don't have to let it."

"Once the job's done, we -- "

"This fucking job won't be done for years and you know it. Face it -- you're stuck with me."

"Yeah." He puts two fingers to his lips like he's holding a cigarette, but I've never seen him smoke. "Yeah, I guess."

"You think you're alone in this?" My hand slides up his back, into his hair. "You think this will be any easier for me to walk away from?"
