 The Randolph family, Emily, John and their eighteen-year-old son Jerrold, had recently bought the house next to us at the lake. My mom, Jean Fitzgerald, being the lake's leading, social, busy bee that she is, had already become bosom buddies with Emily Randolph and had gotten all the poop.

"Sandy," she said, "You and Jerrold next door are the same age, you know." I waited for the next shoe to drop. I'd gone down a similar road with her quite a few times. "I was speaking with his mother," she went on, being well aware that I knew what was coming, "And she was telling me how terribly shy poor Jerrold was and how he had such a very hard time making friends."

"Okay, so?" I asked.

"Don't you think it would be sweet if you could make an effort and get to know him...I'm sure he'll like you and value your friendship. And besides," She added, "there aren't that many young people here at the lake.

That's was why I ended up rowing the boat while a stranger, with a cock outline in his swim suit that had my mouth watering, sat on the stern seat. I couldn't have asked for more beautiful scenery. Though he wasn't more than five-feet-nine inches tall, Jerrold had a magnificent body that made him seem a giant.

"You've got a great build, Sandy," he remarked to me. "I guess you must work out a lot, Huh?" I couldn't believe this Adonis was talking to me.

"You'd better see an optometrist, Jerrold, before you need a guide dog," I said, laughing, "I hope I didn't embarrass ya, staring at ya, like I was...I don't come close to you when it comes to muscles."

"I know my mom and your's have been talking," Jerrold said, "I hope you haven't been pressured to be my friend. I'd feel very uncomfortable if I thought that was the case."

"My mom asked me to try to get to know you, but I'm glad she did...yeah, I think you're ok." I was genuinely enthusiastic and looked forward to knowing him better. His thick, dark, gelled hair looked fantastic in the brilliant sunshine. A cute, radiant, baby face, though he was eighteen, made it difficult to believe he was a day over sixteen. "I'll guess they give you rough time when ya try to get into a bar or a club, huh? Ya look like a kid." 

"Ya can't imagine the amount of proof I have to show." His laugh showed gleaming, pearly teeth. "What's your real, first name? I'm sure yer called sandy because of your hair colour, right?

"Yeah, my real name is Shane."

"Ya like livin' here?"

"Yeah...I love it. Being right on the water is awesome. You'll love it, too, Jer."

"Even in the dead of winter?" He asked, sceptically.

"There can be a few crappy bits 'n pieces, but all in all, I still love it...the winters aren't that long, anyhow... Wait'll ya see my swimmin' spot, man, it's terrific."

"Is it far?"

"We're almost there...See the flat rocks over there," "I said, pointing out the ledge rocks.

"It's too bad motor-boats aren't allowed, it'd be much faster."

"The ledge rocks are as great as they are because motor-boats are banned...there's never anybody else around. It's lake's end. There aren't any homes or cottages because it's too far and desolate. The older folks don't wanna do all that rowing...Are you into diving, Jer?" 

"Yeah, I'm not that good at it though. I never was much interested in athletic stuff."

"The ledge rocks are as flat as a pool table, and there are two levels. So you've got two different heights to dive from; and nobody really knows how deep it is...Wait'll ya get up there, you'll freak out."

Easing the boat between the rocks as we neared the shore, Jerrold had to squeeze by me to get to the bow. He'd been so close to me that I'd had to fight myself to keep from licking at that cock outline in his swim suit. His fragrance that lingered, even after he'd stepped into the water, raised my cock to a new high. 

We climbed the hill to the first of the three levels. "Is this high enough for you, Jer," I asked, "it's about nine feet...do want to go up another level?"

"Hey, this is plenty high enough for me," he said, as we spread out a blanket. "This is a fantastic spot all right, wouldn't it be great to have a house here?" He asked, his eyes gleaming with excitement.

"Infuckincredible, man, unfortunately, you'd need a helicopter. I love how secluded it is- no bothersome neighbours to fight with; present neighbours, of course, excluded," I quickly added. 

"If I'd known how far we were going, I'd have offered to bring a lunch," Jerrold said.

"If I'd known, in the beginning, I was gonna bring ya to my paradise, I would've brought a lunch, But I didn't know I'd want to bring you here?"

"Meaning?"

Sandy laughed and had to consider how he should answer Jerrold's question. "Well, s'possin' you'd turned out to be a first class asshole, I sure as hell wouldn't have wanted to bring you here, would I?"

"I'll take that as a compliment. Thank you."

Side by side, we'd stretched out on our stomach to catch some sun.

"Sandy, will you be uncomfortable if I take off my swimsuit...I love the feel of warm sun all over me; especially when there's no one around?" Jerrold asked. 

"Great! I never wear anything here, anyway, Jer."

The silence was broken only by the chirping birds and the hypnotizing sound of water lapping at the rocks below. Jerrold, his eyes closed, gave me an excellent opportunity to examine his luscious bubble-butt; I would've loved to feel his creamy-white buns against my cheeks. Why couldn't I just bend over and lick his ass, it would've been such a harmless thing to do. Social mores are the shits, I said, silently to myself. I stared at a little rat tail of hair that grew on the nape of his neck. It was a style that always turned me on. Fantasizing, non-stop, I was drifting off to my own private heaven when I heard an angel calling.

"Sandy, y' awake?" Jerrold asked. I thought I was gonna take a crunch when I saw him with his cock in his hand. Quickly regaining my composure, I confirmed for him that I was awake. "Would ya mind to take a look at this?" he asked, withdrawing a long foreskin, "Ya notice the clear, wet liquid here?" He asked, showing me his dick head, "it's only a little drop right now, but sometimes there's an awful lot more."

"Ya, I see it. So?" I would gladly have licked it off for him.

"Is that normal, or is there something wrong?" He asked, expressing grave concern. I couldn't help wondering what this calamitous episode was really about. After all, Jerrold was eighteen and had, had this condition long enough to know it wasn't life-threating.

"There's nothing wrong! it's ,sorta, like, a lubricant," I explained, "It's perfectly normal, Jerrold, nothing to worry about."

"You're sure, eh?"

"Jerrold, all guys leak like that; I guarantee you it's completely normal. You could search it on the Internet. Don't have a computer?"

"Yeah, but it's the family computer in the den, and when I try to search some things, there's a board comes up saying I don't have Administrator privileges, or something like that."

"That means certain sites are blocked," I explained to him.

"Oh. I guess I'm being protected from the bad stuff."

"Does it happen to you, too, Sandy, the leaking, I mean?"

"Sure, sometimes," I told him, praying he wouldn't ask me to show mine- it was in a temporary state of erection.

"I don't know, Sandy," he said, sceptically, "it makes me nervous." If, by any chance, he was trying to find out if I'd be amenable to some good, clean fun, maybe I should make it easy for him, I thought. 

"Look, let me prove it," I said, holding his cock to swipe a good finger full. After sniffing the liquid, I licked it off. "Would I do that if I thought it was anything but natural precum?" I didn't know what might be going through his mind now, but that didn't matter; his cock was rising, too.

"That felt awfully good, Sandy, ya know, like when ya touched me. It feels so different when it's somebody else, ya know, like, doin it."

"Your girlfriend never touches ya?" I asked.

"I guess I'm weird, er something. I've never had a girlfriend, just wasn't interested. Does your girlfriend touch you?"

"Yeah, sure, ya don't know what yer missing," I said, but after, I wondered why I'd lied.

"I guess there must be something wrong with me, huh, Sandy? I think I was hoping you'd have said no, so we maybe could've tried it together."

"I guess I'd be willing to help ya out a little," I said, magnanimously.

"Would ya touch me again, huh, like just for a moment? I wouldn't mind touching you, if ya want." I smiled, understandingly, as I took his cock in my hand. It was a treasure that would've been envied by most guys. Meanwhile, Jerrold had taken my cock and uncovered my knob to see if I had precum, too. I did. "What do I do?" he asked, "ya like me to jerk y'off?"

"Why don't ya lie on yer stomach, Jer, and we'll start slowly, ok?" I positioned myself between his legs and finally satisfied my major fantasy by getting cheek to cheek with him. His body stiffened and he began to breathe in short gulps. "Are ya ok?" I asked.

"Yeah, yeah, Sandy, I think so...I'm shaking, though."

"Raise yourself a little bit, Jer, get yer cock in a position where I can lick it." Anticipating the awesomeness of the undreamed of sexual stimulation, his cock had turned to marble. I placed my wet lips on its tip and repeatedly kissed it. He was driven to the brink of lunacy. 

"This is more than I'd ever imagined, Sandy, I wish I could do that to myself; my cock would never be outta my mouth." I wormed my tongue into his pee hole, opening the faucet to an abundance of precum that I hungrily consumed. My tongue moved slowly and lightly from his dick head to his knockers. Large and smooth, they were a joy to lick and, especially, to suck and juggle in my mouth. His long, deep sighs of extreme delight caused my precum to flow as freely as his own.

When I explored in his butt crack, he reached behind to help by stretching his buns much farther apart than I would've dared. His hot, sweating body writhed in anticipation of my tongue pleasuring the gorge he'd so widely opened. "Ohh, Sandy, Sandy, Sandy, pleeease," he begged, as I tantalizingly licked the perimeter of his sweet, pinkish abyss, "Please, Sandy, fuck my butt hole with your tongue...Oh, man, I can't hold off much longer. Sandy, I can feel the cum pumping up."

I managed to get my mouth over his throbbing shaft just as his his legs stiffened. His body convulsed as he valiantly tried to suppress his shouts. But my two-fingered assault, going deep in his joy hole, caused a major quake, and the shout he could not control, echoed loudly over the tranquil lake. The amount of hot, thick cum that filled my mouth was awe-inspiring. 

The timing couldn't have been better. I stretched his buns apart and dribbled a generous gob of his own slimy cum into his ass-crack. "Tell me if I hurt ya, Jer," I told him as, shaking with uncontrollable passion, I jammed my large, swollen knob into his hole.

"Oh, god," he cried out, "Stop, Sandy, stop, It's too big fer me. Yer gonna split me apart, it's hurtin' like hell, Sandy...No! No! Sandy, keep pushing. I'll be ok. Aww, yeah, push, oh, push fuckin' hard!" Finally, my balls were slapping against him. Jerrold's ass-hole was being royally fucked and he was flourishing on it. Being gloriously cock-stroked by his red-hot ass, I was at the point of no return. And reluctant, as I was to withdraw from that warm, comfortable nest, my sense of decency dictated that I shouldn't cum in him. I pulled out, and moved up to his shoulders, to shoot my first salvo on the tiny rat tail of hair on the nape of his neck. Then, placing my dick head against his cheek, I squirted the balance of the thick cum. 

Jerrold smiled as the cum slowly oozed closer to his mouth. I sucked my cum from the back of his neck. He turned his head to open his mouth to let me dribble it in. I then licked the remaining cum, that was on his cheek, into his mouth, also. For a short period of time, we had been unimaginably happy sperm pigs. His smile expressed his sheer joy and contentment.

"Thanks, Sandy," he said. "I never imagined you could teach me so much, so quickly. "Yer fantastic."

"Nonsense, Jer, my mom promised your's that I'd help you out, didn't she?"

"Yeah, that was so sweet...She's gonna be so happy when I tell her all about our outing," he said, smiling contentedly.

"Yer not gonna tell her everything!"

"Naw." He said, laughing at my naivety. "Do ya think we'll ever come back here together?" Jerrold asked, hopefully.

"Yeah...unless, of course, ya think yer mom wouldn't mind a couple of cute guys sucking cocks on her front porch."