 Chapter 3: Harry's Graduation

Thanks for all the positive comments about my bi-experiences which are true accounts of what has happened to me over the years. Names have been changed to protect the guilty.

Harry's head was in something of a whirl. He knew that he still enjoyed sex with women (although he hadn't been tasting pussy as much as he would like) but after his recent experiences with John his thoughts were preoccupied with the joys of sucking cock and now, after his latest experience, of being royally fucked into the bargain. He could never have had imagined the pleasurable sensations that could be derived by having a cock slide in and out of his arse. The mere thought of it now gave him a raging hard on.

Throughout his adult life he had been aware that gay men fancied him, and whilst his ego enjoyed the compliment he'd generally found the thought of making love to a man something of a turn-off, but as John had now shown him he was simply fighting the inevitable. With the benefit of hindsight he could see this now. All these years he had clearly been in denial. Who had he been kidding?

Whilst he looked forward to his next lesson with John, he also craved, with a certain sense of apprehension, to taste another cock and finally graduate to becoming a truly active bi-male. That said even Harry couldn't have anticipated where his next offer of cock would come from or the ramifications it would have.

He had been invited around to a long-time friend and his wife for dinner and as was customary he brought a large bottle of whisky with him to help proceedings along. His friend was quite a character, forever challenging him about one life choice or another, but over the years they had established a very close friendship. There was also an added incentive to his visits since he fancied his wife something rotten, whose svelte figure and ample breasts made his cock tingle with the thought of nestling between them.

Until now he hadn't really given much thought about how his friend, Giles, actually looked. But John had opened up new sexual horizons to him and Harry now found himself subconsciously checking Giles out. The first thing that people meeting Giles comment upon is his smouldering deep dark brown eyes – you'd describe them as 'come to bed with me eyes' and it was fair to say that many a woman had been drawn to his particular bed. Even in marriage he knew that when Giles was away on business he couldn't resist bedding an obliging woman – or 'filly' - his less than endearing term for them. In fact, for those in the know, his sexual conquests were legendary. Giles had a lean, toned physic and what only Harry could describe as a sexual swagger. He exuded sex from every pore. Harry often wished that he was more like him – he'd appreciate his bank balance too.

The evening passed by pleasantly enough and as the effects of the second bottle of Merlot took its effect Harry lost track of time. Looking at his watch it was clear that he was going to miss his last train home. Fortunately this wasn't a problem since it wasn't unusual for Harry to sleep over on the sofa-bed. As was also customary Giles' wife would make her excuses and retire leaving the two men to put the world to rights and slowly polish off the bottle of fine malt whisky.

"So bedded any fillies that I should know about?" challenged Giles in his usual blunt, provocative fashion.

Harry wouldn't normally have batted an eyelid to such a direct question, but this time he hesitated and finally replied, "Well it's been an interesting few weeks to say the least."

"How so?" asked Giles, his interest clearly aroused.

Harry took a large gulp of whisky to steady his nerves. His friendship with Giles had always been a frank and open one. Giles would describe in detail his love making sessions with his wife and other conquests and Harry would happily reciprocate, but this particular confessional was a little more - awkward. He wasn't sure how Giles, the archetype alpha male, would react.

"Had any good blow-jobs recently?" asks Giles provocatively.

Harry almost chokes on his whisky. It was either a brilliant educated guess or Giles had rumbled Harry checking out his cock teasingly outlined in his trainer bottoms.

"Is that the question of a guilty man?" retorts Harry.

"I've been known to indulge when the moment presents itself," replies Giles with unabashed honesty and an ever so suggestive smile.

They both laugh nervously. Harry isn't quite sure how to respond, he should be shocked but he wasn't and the whisky had removed any real inhibitions.

"Me too," he blurts out taking another swig of whisky to steady his nerves.

"Thought as much," smiled Giles reassuringly as if he'd known all along.

"It's getting late, you must be tired – we should make up the sofa bed," Giles announces as if the previous conversation hadn't happened.

In a slightly inebriated state they grab their glasses and walk into the living room. The erection of the sofa was quickly done and as Harry strips down to his Y-fronts an uneasy silence descended. For once both men appear at a loss for words. The implication of what they had both disclosed still hanging in the air.

Giles finally breaks the uneasy silence. "Tell you what I've got a great video that we should watch. I guarantee you'll enjoy it."

Without waiting for a response Giles pops the VHS into the machine and nonchalantly plonks himself back down on the edge of the sofa bed waiting for Harry's reaction with the glint of a mischievous schoolboy. Giles always had the disconcerting habit of rubbing his cock and balls, but this time his hand seemed to tantalisingly linger over his crotch and when he moved it briefly away Harry couldn't help but notice the unmistakable outline of Giles semi-erect cock. He felt his own cock involuntarily stir at the sight.

Harry's attention shifted to the television and as he suspected a porn movie was playing – that was nothing unusual in itself since they often watched porn together - but to his surprise he was greeted by the site of a fine example of American manhood oozing pre cum and being eagerly sucked by another equally well endowed male. Giles earlier revelation still ringing in his ears combined with the sight of one rather well proportioned cock being slowly licked along its shaft on TV was having quite an effect on Harry's own cock, which was aching to be released from the confines of his Y-fronts.

"You wouldn't believe how many times I've thought about the possibility of having your cock in my mouth like that," proclaims Giles as he continues to rub his crotch with a growing disregard as to whether Harry was OK with the unfolding scene or not.

The effect on Giles cock was clear to see and Harry's eyes are transfixed on the ever hardening bulge in Giles pants. Harry's mouth is dry in anticipation. Getting up from the sofa bed Giles walks towards him, purposely rubbing his aching cock as he does. Standing before Harry, lustfully observing him from beneath his long eyelashes, Giles slowly pulls his slacks down over his thighs to reveal the magnificent sight of his throbbing thick cock in all its glory. Pulling his foreskin back over the red bulbous cock head a steady trickle of pre cum oozes from its tip.

"So are you going to show me what I've been missing," pleads Giles.

Harry doesn't need a second invitation as he places his hands on Giles thighs slowly caressing them as he pulls his cock towards his awaiting mouth. Heightening his desire yet further, Giles cock twitches in anticipation of being touched. Harry darts his tongue out licking up the pre cum around the tip of the cock, delighting in its salty taste. He then slowly extends his tongue further and twirls it along the throbbing shaft running his mouth up and down its length, cupping Giles balls as he does slowly working his fingers underneath his balls caressing them as he proceeds along the crack of his arse stopping just short of inserting them into Giles hole.

"Christ you're good at this," groans Giles with unbridled pleasure moving his legs further apart inviting Harry to explore further.

"I told you that I had a good teacher," smiles Harry. "But it helps when I've got such a receptive cock to work with."

Harry withdraws Giles cock from his mouth and stands planting wet kisses over his chest as he slowly lifts Giles T-shirt over his head, licking, nibbling and gently biting his nipples, rolling his tongue over their erect tips. Giles eagerly helps Harry remove his own T-shirt then moving his hand down to his crotch. The sensation of Giles caressing his cock through the fabric of his Y-fronts is almost too much. Just as Harry feels he's going to explode, Giles finally puts his fingers under the waistband and pulls the fabric slowly down releasing Harry's throbbing, eager and very hard cock. Standing before each other in united nakedness they mutually rub their cocks sensually against each other with the pre cum still oozing from each cock lubricating their action. Any thought of Giles wife sleeping soundly upstairs removed from their minds as they drown in mutual sexual ecstasy.

Harry had never kissed a man before but when Giles leans forward and teases his lips apart Harry impulsively responds in kind twirling their tongues together in unified lust. Their hardened cocks press eagerly against their bodies and Harry slowly guides Giles back on to the sofa bed running his tongue eagerly down his chest to the prize awaiting him. Cupping Giles balls with his tongue he slowly sucks each testicle in turn, the moans of satisfaction from Giles the only indicator Harry needs to continue his journey, running his tongue along the hardened shaft of his cock. Giles raises his hips with one intention in mind – for Harry to take his cock in his mouth.

Harry obliges taking the long thick girth of Giles cock deep into the back of his throat remembering everything that John taught him as he withdraws the cock from his mouth only to slide the wet O of his lips back over the head to meet the edge of the straining foreskin, skimming the point of his tongue around and along the ridge at the back of the cock head, within the warm cave of his mouth. Giles is in seventh heaven and as Harry works his mouth back down the shaft of his cock with his wet forefinger he runs it gently up and down and round the rim of his arsehole.

It clearly has the desired effect as Giles raises his legs in the air to give Harry better access to his arse. It's clear that he wants Harry to go further. Harry gets to his feet and starts to rub the hard length of his cock firmly, smoothly, along the crack of his arse. His wet cock comes to rest against Giles arse hole and Harry bucks his hips pushing his cock slowly inside its dark warmth. Giles muscles begin to give – to widen – and Harry eases the full length of his cock inside, slowly pumping his wet slippery cock back and forth as Giles wanks his own impressive hard-on. Harry begins to pump faster, more urgently, as he feels the cum begin to rise up the length of his cock.

Making small murmurs of animalistic pleasure Giles pulls his foreskin ever harder over his hard purple velvet head. A hypnotic dance of Harry thrusting hips as his balls bounce against the cheeks of Giles arse grinding his cock as deep as it will go and Giles own hand fist fucking his cock – the tempo increasing until both actions become one insistent, compulsive, primitive, animal machine. Giles lets out a throaty grunt as his cock explodes with a stream of creamy cum spraying the ecstatic Harry over his chest and face. With an equally satisfied grunt Harry pumps a stream of hot cum deep inside Giles grinding every last drop from his cock. Withdrawing his reddened cock, Giles and Harry embrace giving each other a long lingering kiss.

A contemplative silence descends but the moment is abruptly broken by a nervous cough by the doorway. Leaning against the door frame is Giles wife, her legs spread slightly apart as she languidly fingers her wet clit. How long she'd been there they could only guess at but it was clear from the look of unbridled lust in her eyes that Harry's other fantasy was about to come true – but that's another story.