 Finishing my final lap, I climbed out of the pool and grabbed my towel. I liked coming for my swim late at night because that usually meant I had the place to myself, barring the occasional custodian. Tonight was no different, and I walked back towards the showers to rinse off before heading home.

I walked into the empty showers and picked the one right on the corner of the L-shaped room. I was in the middle of rinsing the shampoo out of my hair when I heard the screech of one of the other faucets. I jumped, whipping my head around to see a guy standing at the end of the row, already showering off, clearly amused at my surprise.

"Oh, sorry, I didn't expect anyone to be here." I stammered, trying to calm myself down.

"Yeah just thought I'd get in a quick workout, didn't mean to scare you," he said, smiling. He turned towards the wall and grabbed his body wash.

As I continued to rinse off I caught myself glancing back in his direction. He was tall, about six feet, slim but toned. His hair was black and he seemed to be totally clean shaven other than the top of his head. Without realizing what I was doing, I caught myself staring at his dick. The guy was definitely a shower. It was pretty big, and uncut. I felt myself start to get hard.

He suddenly turned towards me and I quickly looked away, hoping to god he hadn't seen me staring. I finished rinsing off and grabbed my towel, not even looking at him as I made a beeline for the lockers.

As I crouched down to unlock my locker, I heard his shower shut off, followed by footsteps echoing through the empty locker room. Pausing to try to hear where he was going, I realized he was headed straight for me. His steps got closer and closer until he stopped right next to me. I turned around and glanced up at him.

"Sorry, I'm in the one right above you," he said, pointing directly above me. Figures. I mumbled an apology and moved about a foot to the left, allowing him to stand right in front of the locker, while I reached over and restarted my combination. I kept glancing at his towel, knowing that his dick was less than a foot from my face. I finally hit the last number and pulled the lock down, right as I saw the towel fly upwards. I froze, my face once again burning hot. I looked up and saw his dick hanging here, right in the open, as he towelled off his head. I was inches away from it, and I could see every line, wrinkle, and vein. I felt myself start to get hard again.

"See something you like?" he said, startling me so much that I fell over backwards onto the ground. "Oh shit!" he said, laughing, "Here, let me help you up."

He held out his hand and I paused before tentatively taking it. He pulled me up like I was made of paper.

"Thanks," I mumbled, my face still burning. He laid his towel on the bench to dry and began to remove his stuff from his locker, still completely naked. I decided it was best to wait until he was done before getting my stuff. As he continued to unpack his bag, I couldn't help but stare as his package swung back and forth. I felt myself get fully hard in a couple of seconds.

Suddenly he stopped and turned to me. "You going to keep staring all night or what?" I quickly looked away, apologizing again. He walked over to me and glanced down at my towel, my hard-on completely obvious. "You don't seem too sorry," he said, smirking. I felt his hand on my waist, and he glanced at it and back at me, seemingly waiting for a reaction. When I didn't say anything, he reached down and grabbed my dick through the towel. I felt him reach around and pull the other end, causing it to fall loose around me with only my dick covered.

Then he let go.

The towel fell to the ground and I stood there, fully exposed. He grabbed my dick and began to slowly stroke it. His hands were soft and gentle. I let out a little moan. He grinned, climbing down onto his knees. I watched him look my dick over before licking all the way from base to tip.

"Oh fuck!" I gasped. I couldn't believe what was happening right now. He grinned again, before taking another long lick. I kind of staggered a bit, so he pulled back and led me over to the bench. I sat down on his towel and he repositioned himself between my knees. After one more full length lick, he circled the head with his tongue and wrapped his lips around the tip. Looking up at me he slowly started making his way down my cock. He made it a quarter of the way down and went back up, almost coming completely off, before going back down, this time even deeper. He did this over and over, getting farther down each time. I closed my eyes, overcome with pleasure, and when I reopened them he was just approaching the base of my dick.

"Fuuuck!" I moaned. This was incredible, he began to bob his head up and down with increasing speed. I knew I wasn't far off, and I tried my best to keep from blowing my load. After a few more bobs I couldn't hold back anymore and I felt my legs tense up. He seemed to realize what was happening, and he went back all the way down to the base. That was the final straw. I felt myself shoot shot after shot of come right into his throat. He pulled back somewhat, and I felt some of my cum start to run down my cock. He eagerly licked it up and wiped his mouth.

He stood up, his dick now completely hard. He took a step forwards, putting his dick right in front of my face. Without thinking I reached up and grabbed on. It was warm and soft. I began slowly stroking his cock, his foreskin gliding smoothly along his dick. I heard him give a little grunt of pleasure, so I began to pick up speed. After about 20 seconds I stopped at the base of his dick and moved closer to him. His glans was shiny and smooth, and a good amount of precum was dribbling out. I decided to start by licking that up. It was salty, but also sweet. I then placed my lips on his head and began to slide down.

I made it halfway before I realized that I couldn't go any further without gagging, so I went back up. Pausing to breathe, i slid back down to the same spot. I heard his breathing get heavier, so I pickup up speed. I could only make it half way down, but he didn't seem to mind. By this point I had my hands on either thigh, bobbing my head up and down his shaft. Before too long I felt his leg muscles tense and I knew what came next. I picked up speed for a final time, and after another couple seconds he let out a loud grunt and my mouth filled with hot, salty cum. I tried to keep it all in my mouth, but it quickly began to overflow and run down my chin. I swallowed what I could, but I knew I couldn't swallow it all.

He stepped back and looked down at me, a huge grin on his face. I smiled back and he silently began gathering his things again. As I cleaned up my face, he finished getting dressed and packed his bag. He began to walk away before stopping halfway down the row of lockers.

"Hope I see you again." he said, rounding the corner and disappearing from my sight.