 Disclaimer:

The following story may contain erotic situations between consenting adults. If it is illegal for you to read this please leave now.

Any resemblance between the characters and any real life person is completely coincidental. Please do not copy or distribute the story without the author's permission.

This is the story of a guy who discovers in his last year of college that he is attracted to men. The story line follows his life after college with his four very different partners in 4 different cities. The story line is both fact and fiction and adult in nature, it involves the sexual relationship between men.

It was hump day in college and that called for a keg party as did any other day that ended in letter Y.

It was Wednesday and Mike was looking forward to the party at the frat house for both beer and broads! He decided to cut his last class to get to the party for early cocktails, after all it had been a tough week so far, and he deserved it.

He wanted to be there when they tapped the keg and he was. They were also showing a porn movie on the big screen and at that exact moment as he looked at the television screen his life changed forever.

In the movie one hot blonde babe with the reddest of lips was on her knees holding this stud's cock in her hand and looking right into his eyes as she smiled, God was she hot looking. She moved in closer and held his thick cock straight out as she puckered up and kissed the fat head of his cock.

The stud leaned back against the couch while pushing his hips towards her face; she kissed his cock head one more time very slowly. Her lips opened and surrounded his fat helmet covering it with her saliva as she very slowly moved her lips back and forth over the head. When she stopped for a moment it was only to allow her to snake our her pink tongue to lick the head and slit as it started to emit a liquid which she seemed to enjoy a great deal.

The pre cum formed a spider web looking strand from his helmet to her tongue, the movie stud had his head bent back and his eyes closed. His mouth was wide open but not sound came out, only a hiss of sorts; he was clearly enjoying the hell out of this. She continued to lick and suck the head of his cock while she rubbed his ball, tugging just gently on them.

Mike broke into a sweat as he watched her do this, not because he wanted her on her knees in front of him though. He held his beer in one hand as he took a good swallow as the frat brother hooted and hollered at the screen. Mike who is a great looking stud with a resume of hot women as long as his arm just realized that he was sweating because he wanted to be the girl in the movie. He wanted to be the one delivering the most sensual kiss that he ever saw, right on the end of a big fat cock.

He quickly chugged down his beer and tried to shake off the idea that was pounding into his head. After all Mike was a senior in college, played on the football team, and was sort out by the best looking babes on campus. And now he realized that nothing has ever set him on fire as much as the idea of sucking another mans cock!

That was 15 years ago when he was in college, before his career as a Tech Manager for one of the world's largest computer companies. He never married and the truth be told he didn't date much after that night, at least not women. He now finds most of his dates online while chatting with them in the M4M rooms that are all too common now.

His New York friend Bill:

He was back in New York City for the week to start a software implementation for one of the nation's largest banks. Mike loved his work and was on the fast track with his company, in fact many of the companies that he visited as a software consultant had offered him a job to their firm but he liked his company well enough to stay.

Why not stay, they flew him to job sites coast to coast, stayed in the best hotels, and ate well. They paid for his continued education in the field of technology, and he was also compensated very well for all the time that he spent on the road. But the real benefit to Mike was the travel to many of the major cities and the "friends" that he met each time he would visit the city.

He was meeting Bill Thomas for dinner tonight and he couldn't wait! It was almost 2 months since his last trip to New York and he missed Bill. They exchanged emails and even chatted on the telephone each week, they enjoyed each others company.

Bill was a mans man, he was 6'1, 185, dark curly hair and in great shape for his age of 45. Bill was an avid runner and weight lifter who was often at the gym at lunch which is where he met Mike for the first time.

Bill was a Lawyer in New York who at 45 never married. Although it was a secret that he shared with very few, he was more attracted to men than women. He felt lucky that he met Mike at his Club one day while working out. They were both good looking athletic men; neither would ever be mistaken for being gay. His occasional partners were straight acting, athletic, professional men. This is exactly why he was fascinated by Mike.

Mike offered to spot for Bill while he worked on the bench press, Mike was clearly taken with Bills good looks and felt this might be a way for him to meet Bill.

It was in the shower after a difficult weight lifting session that Bill noticed that Mike was checking him out. Bill slowly soaped his arms and shoulders as he talked to Mike. He also ran the soap over the cheeks of his butt and into his crack as Mike watched.

"If I didn't know better I would think that he was putting on a show for me," thought Mike.

Bill knew that he had the interest of his new buddy and he brazenly turned to face him as he took his own cock in his hand and soaped it up and down very slowly.

"It's no or never if I'm right about this guy I want to catch his attention right now," he thought.

He smiled in Mike's direction, and as they made full eye contact he winked.

"If I'm wrong about him I can always say that I got soap in my eye," he thought to himself as he smiled.

He slowly stroked his cock with soap and finally decided to just wave it at Mike to see how he would react. In his right hand he held his rather thick cock and just waved it at Mike to see how he would react.

Mike loved this little show that Bill was putting on. Mike looked up at Bill to be sure that he had his full attention. 

"Two can play this game" he thought as he locked in on Bills eyes.

Mike ran his tongue out over his lips to let Bill know his intentions. Not another word was said or another look shared as they both rinsed off and retreated to the locker room to dry off.

As Bill finished dressing he walked by Mikes locker to find Mike kneeling down and stuffing his gear back into his gym bag.

"I'm heading out to get lunch, are you hungry," asked Bill as he raised his eyebrows.

Mike looked up at Bill and smiled, than glanced down to Bills belt buckle and than he made eye contact with him again.

"As a matter of fact, I'm very hungry," said Mike.

"I'm staying at the Marriott and it has a wonderful restaurant if you don't mind going there," said Mike.

"That sounds like a great plan," said Bill as he reached down to adjust his crotch.

Bill was sure that he and Mike would never get to the restaurant.