 TRIGGER WARNINGS: Simulated Rape, Pain (1 drop blood), Male Bi/Gay, MaleDom, FemDom, Family (no incest), Consensual Non-Consent, and Sex Work (idealized) The only coercion is from a sense of duty to family. All over 18.

Credits: Edited by the 'Erotic Confectioners. Many thanks to Onyx03, and Jasmine27 as well as others for editing this story. 

Note: Nine chapters total. Each chapter switches tense in the middle. I was experimenting with that as a way to increase pace. The chapter names just happened. 

This chapter was the most challenging. I've never actually been fucked by a man. (Applications accepted, but my wife has to agree and that's unlikely, LOL). I've talked to many bi and gay men, and women, and I hope I've done the feelings justice. To any gay men, if I've screwed up, I'm deeply sorry. 

Also, although this is posted in "Gay", the characters are bisexual and it is part of the BDSM series with some cuck and other kinks. If you aren't into that, you might just pass this story by. As this chapter starts, he had just whipped his wife's tits black and blue, AT HER REQUEST! And she enjoyed it. A lot. Failing to give people pain when they want it is just as cruel as hurting people who don't. 

If you started this series for the BDSM, this chapter is GAY AS FUCK. If you aren't into dick, skip it. The next chapter will be out soon. 

****

Breakfast with her parents the next "morning" (afternoon) was uncomfortable. When we were summoned to the house by her Mother, my heart started to pound. All I wanted to do was hold her and tell her I loved her and worried about her. I didn't know how to protect her from what was coming and the helplessness was overpowering. I just kept telling her I loved her, over and over.

It took a while to get my wife/slave dressed as her chest was now a black and blue mess and we had fallen asleep without treating the cut on her nipple.

It turns out that when she isn't sexually excited, pain still hurts her. 

I applied a salve she found and a bandage over her cut nipple. There was some back and forth on the wearing or not wearing of a bra. In the end, a soft stretchy version provided some support and limited motion. A loose t-shirt caused the least torment.

At the house, I was met by her father, who grunted out an apology and explained that he did not understand that The Gatherer was being used. Her mother corrected him, saying that it was a lack of discipline on his part, as he had specifically been ordered to remain in the house after we came home. 

Her mother put out her hand to me expectantly, and after I realized why, I had to run back and get the evil little crop and return it to her. 

She and her husband exchanged a glance and then he was ordered to take it back to their bedroom. "For later"

I turned to my wife and said "I truly hope I never have any reason to offer that thing to you. Ever!" She and her mother smiled. I shuddered.

My wife and I sat very close to each other while we ate. She chatted with her parents, and explained some of the conversation to me, but mostly we just smiled at each other. We held hands and found excuses to touch each other often. 

After the meal, as she helped her Father clearthe plates and clean the kitchen, her Mother and I moved to the living room and finished our matte. After a silence, she turned to me and asked

"What do you plan to do now? Today?" 

"Rest?" I answered "Try to make sense of it all."

She raised one eyebrow and said with a smile "Lazy much?" 

I shook my head and smiled. "What should I do today?"

Her answer did not involve a smile "Learn to serve. Be with man. Learn work." 

And my heart attack was back. But the thumping in my chest was accompanied by a rather alarming and unexpected erection.

And she smiled again "Good! This excites you." 

The rush of blood to my cheeks combined with the rush to my penis nearly caused me to pass out. But I managed to nod while I stared at the floor.

"Hey" she said sharply and I looked up at her involuntarily.

"Never sad for who you are. Be happy. Find joy. Work." 

I nodded again and then answered "Yes. M... Mother?" and she laughed.

"Mother is fine" she smiled.

Suddenly concerned, I asked "Will your husband be training me?" and I was relieved when she shook her head no.

"Is too much weird. Not in family." She reached for the phone and said "We have good friend. He will train you strong."

I think I did pass out for a second. 

My wife and her family made plans to go into town, first for a doctor's visit to ensure her injuries were not serious. I felt more than a pang of guilt at this, but she assured me she was happy and didn't expect any issues. 

After that, she would make her way to a dinner party in her honor, hosted by friends she had not seen since she had left to attend college in America. They would bring her home or arrange for her parents to pick her up.

I was amazed to hear that her friends all knew what she was doing now, and had known what her family had always done without being judgemental. Sex work is an expected part of life in her country. Not really respected, and still stigmatised to some degree, but not morally judged the way it is in the USA. Apparently, every culture is different, and they all have good and bad points.

Yet, at the same time, being gay, or bi, or being a man who enjoys being dominated is considered disgusting and criminal here. And sexism is rampant. It is believed that women can only be with women because a man wants it, not because they want it. Two women alone together without being fully dressed are suspect and must instantly claim that they were just trying on clothes, waiting for a man, or something like that. 

Two naked men together are grounds for a call to the police. And the punishment is death.

I explained to my wife my plans with her mother's friend and assured her that despite being very very nervous, this was my choice and that I was excited to go through with it.

At about that point, the doorbell rang.

Being introduced to a man whom you know is going to "sodomize" you is—an experience. 

On the other hand, I would be lying if I said I wasn't instantly attracted to him. Honestly, I was drooling at first sight; Mister Master, as he became known to me, is rather easy on the eyes. Tall, handsome, well built without being obviously muscular. He is the sort of man women swoon over before they find out he is gay, or in this case, bisexual near the homosexual end of the spectrum. He is married, and she is not his beard. They love each other and are lovers but he is attracted to men more than women.

My knees went weak when he looked at me and shook my hand. My wife giggled. Apparently I kept glancing at his crotch. 

"Slow down cowboy, we will get there." He said with a laugh as I was licking my lips. This set off another round of laughter and caused me to turn beet red. The family left quickly, knowing I was in good hands, and happy to be there.

My wife kissed me goodbye and teased me a bit by requesting that I save some for her, then she waved and I was left alone with the reason for my rapidly expanding erection. Luckily, he had also attended college in the USA and spoke perfect English.

"Hey, let's sit down and talk for a minute, ok?" He said. I nodded dumbly and lead the way to the cottage. We sat on the small "love seat" as that was the only seating available other than the bar stools by the kitchen counter. Being so close to him was a rush and I started getting hard again.

"So..." I asked brilliantly.

"So, " he answered with a laugh "I think we are going to get along fine, but I need you to understand some things first and be sure that you really understand them." I nodded.

"First and foremost, if anyone finds out what we are doing, we could be killed. Either by a mob, or in jail, or perhaps even by execution. That hasn't been done in a long time, but the law is still on the books." I nodded, then realizing it probably needed a bit more than that, I answered:

"I completely understand that this is illegal here, and you or I could be killed if anyone found out. I will protect the secret with my life."

"Good."

"Is that why you don't work at the Brothel?" I asked, "Because it is dangerous?" 

"Well, yes and no. It is profitable and there are many rich gay men who would love to pay for sex with a man. I enjoy having sex, but if anyone found out, I could be killed. Also, I already make good money, and I like to pick my partners."

I nodded.

"Ok. Second item, almost as important: I want to make sure we don't do anything this first time that makes you uncomfortable. There isn't really any way to explain how vulnerable being with a man can make you feel, especially if there is penetration, meaning if you are penetrated." I nodded, my mind whirling and my dick twitching.

"It will really change your perspective on women. They have had all their lives to get used to the idea of being penetrated, to come to expect it as normal and come to terms with it. Even then, their first time is often very emotional and unexpected. It's a very special thing, and I normally wouldn't do it on a first, err... date, as it were, but this is an exception." 

"Honestly, it's unusual for several reasons. Obviously, because you need to be ready for it at work, but also because it's special for me, as I haven't been with a man for quite a while. My last special friend moved away and I've been too busy to date. Not to mention how difficult dating is here for gay men. So... this is fulfilling a need for me as well, ok?"

I nodded, happy that I could perhaps help. He continued "I'm telling you that because I'm not sure how long I'll last, and..." 

I laughed. "Hang on, YOU have performance anxiety? About satisfying me?" I smiled and he laughed.

"Yeah, I guess that's silly. It's good that it's your first time and my first time in a while. But it's also because I think you are really good looking and I hope you want to do this again sometime in the future." 

I was really starting to like him, and not just physically. 

"You are very nice, " I said, " and now I'm actually really looking forward to this." 

"Ok, then." he smiled and leaned closer to me, putting his hand on my leg "but if anything makes you uncomfortable, you speak up, ok?" I nodded and leaned in to kiss him. 

I'm not sure what I expected, but that first kiss was... a kiss. It wasn't explosive, and it wasn't weird. It was just... a kiss. It was nice, he tasted good. When we moved a little, I could feel the roughness of his skin where he had shaved and that was different. Not bad, just different. 

He moaned, and I felt his hand move up my leg. He quickly found my erection. His touch there made me catch my breath and then I kissed him harder and it was my turn to moan. He guided my hand to his crotch and I could feel his shaft twitch in his jeans. I pulled back and looked down towards my hand. 

"I want to see it." 

He smiled, and stood up, unzipping his pants and pulling them down. I could see a large wet spot on his briefs, and when he pulled them down I suddenly found myself staring at a very large cock. 

"Oh!" I gasped, "That's... big" From my seated position, his cock was directly in my face, well... not in my face, yet. I wanted nothing more than to reach out and touch it, but from the corner of my eye, I noticed a tree limb waving in the backyard and suddenly realized the curtains were still open. If someone came around the house...

I jumped up and quickly closed the curtains.

"Excellent! You passed a test there." 

I grinned. I was a little amazed that my Master's praise already gave me tingles. 

"We must always hide, like rats." His disgust and anger was evident "But please turn on the light. I refuse to hide in the dark and I want to see you clearly when I undress you." My heart flipped around in my chest as I flipped on the lights. I returned to look into his lovely eyes. 

I leaned in and started kissing him again. 

Smiling, he put his hands on my head and pushed me down to my knees. My heart fluttered again and suddenly I was holding his cock and kissing it. It felt so warm and good. It was hard and soft at the same time. Holding it was just like holding my own erection, and I experienced a phantom joy, as if I were stroking myself while I stroked him. Kissing it reminded me of adventures I had in my younger days. 

I opened my mouth and let the head of his cock in, licking the underside and enjoying the moan that elicited from him. Closing my mouth around it, I let it slide farther in, then pulled back while folding in my cheeks around it. 

"You've done this before." I heard from above me, and tilting my head up so that I could see his face, I nodded without taking my mouth off him. I figured I should explain.

"A friend of mine once, many years ago." I explained "We didn't do much. It was scary to us at that time. Now I regret not doing more."

"Do more." he said, pushing my head back onto his penis. I smiled around his stiffness and let him slide deeper, working to keep my jaw open and my teeth out of play. I wiggled my tongue along the underside, front to back and then side to side.

Soon he hit the back of my throat and I gagged, jerking back and barely managing to keep my mouth open. 

"Don't worry, we won't try to put it all the way down at first. That comes in time. With a LOT of practice." I looked up and he smiled and winked at me. I realized I had a silly grin on my face. If you had told me less than a week ago that I would be kneeling on the floor in a foreign country happy as a puppy because I was being promised lots of dick to suck I would have—I don't know. But here I was, practically wagging my tail in anticipation. 

Trying to prove him wrong, I pushed forward and bounced him off the back of my throat again. This time I didn't gag—as much, so I kept trying, gently, slowly finding that I could do it more and more with less and less discomfort. I remembered this from my first experience. It wasn't really comfortable, but it also wasn't painful, and I didn't mind trying.

"That feels... really good, but don't try too hard. Seriously, no one is good at oral sex the first time and I want you to stop when you aren't having fun." 

"I'm having fun" I said, popping him out long enough to answer, and then went down on him again with a smile. Looking up, I could see him chuckle and then his eyes rolled back and he moaned.

"Oh, yeah... It's been too long." he admitted. "And I love it when you look up at me like that." He looked down at me, then ran his fingers through my hair as I tried to get him a little deeper. I gagged a little and my eyes watered, but I managed to only pull back slightly.

"Actually... actually stop for a second here." he said pulling my head back by the hair and stepping away from me. He sat down and patted the cushion next to him for me to sit.

"That's going to happen when you are servicing male clients. And most will not let you pull back. They will grab your head and fuck your throat. So you must not offer to give anyone head until you are fully trained and able to take them all the way down without any problem, ok?" he said very earnestly. 

"Promise me."

"Ok, I promise." I agreed "How long will it take me to learn it?" 

"That depends on many things. Some people have small mouths and throats that just can't stretch enough to do it at all. It's also a matter of practice, but give yourself enough time between attempts to let any irritation or discomfort fade. You will get there quicker by doing that; instead of forcing it." Looking at me again, he continued. "You can try to compensate by stroking their cock and playing with their balls by hand, but they will always want to throat fuck you eventually. Seriously, if a client wants you to blow them, smile and offer them your ass instead, anal is actually easier once you know the trick."

My heart was beating in my chest again. "There is a trick to anal sex?" 

"Yeah, it's actually pretty easy... Just try to shit." He laughed at the expression on my face. "No really! It works. Before you have anal sex, always go to the bathroom. So then there is nothing to come out, right?" I nodded. "Then before you are penetrated, push back as if you were trying to go to the bathroom again. It opens the anal ring, just like it opens when you actually are pooping." 

The light went on in my head, and apparently my eyes. "Yes, it makes sense, doesn't it?" he smiled. "So, are you ready to try?" his smile turned sideways and my butterflies did a loop.

"Um... yes?" I said. He laughed.

"Just lie back and think of pooping"

"But I might!" I said. 

"No, you won't. And even if you did, it's not a big deal." he said kindly. "Now, let's see what we have here, ok?" and he reached out and undid my pants and pulled them down. I was not wearing any briefs, as per my training at the brothel, so my penis bounced out, ready to play.

"Oh my! Very nice!" he said, and gripped my penis, then licked it and tasted me, nodding and pronouncing me "delicious". It was nice to be appreciated, but somehow I wasn't very turned on watching his mouth on me. It was... nice. It felt good. Something about him kneeling in front of me felt... off. When I had experimented with my friend years ago, I had been the aggressor; choosing what we did, and how far we went. He had been passive and that felt right with him. Master was apparently willing to service me, but I needed him to be the aggressor now; to be in charge of me. It made sense that his experience and guidance would make this better. For now anyway.

"I'll want more of that later!" He said, with a grin, and motioned for me to move over to the bed. I stepped out of my pants and quickly got on the bed, on my knees, presenting my behind. 

He approached, with his cock swinging in the air. I started breathing heavily. He spit on his hand and rubbed his cock with it, making the head shiny with pre-cum and spit. 

"Ok, I'm just going to stop at your entrance here, but you should already have been pushing, like you want to shit." I nodded and tried my best, pushing out and back at the same time.

His hand gripped my ass, spreading my cheeks and I gasped when I felt the head of his dick slide up to my hole. Focusing on his instruction, I pushed back. 

And suddenly he was in me. I can't begin to explain it to anyone who hasn't done it. I strongly recommend being penetrated by a man at some point. Not just some dick who pushes in hard, but by a good lover, who takes his time and enters you when you are ready and open to it. A lot of people claim that there is usually some pain, but if you know the trick even the largest cock doesn't hurt much, if at all. And it feels... hot and filling and... just... good. 

It did hurt; just a bit. Not much. More of a cramp or a spasm which quickly faded as he held still. But then it felt sooooo good. Like so good. I can't even describe it. 

"And there it is, easy as pie." he said. "Now, your clients will not wait, so you better be ready next time, huh?" I could barely nod... I felt so full, and the pressure sort of hurt, but didn't hurt... It was almost, but not quite, entirely unlike pain. I was thinking 'this is what my wife feels' and I knew it would change the way we made love in the future.

I feel a click in my mind. Again. I'm meeting another me. The gay me, the passive feminine me. The "please fuck me" me.

I sigh and turn back towards him and say: "Um... Can we just fuck now?" I'm begging a man to fuck me in the ass, and where there could be shame, there is none. There is no room. The joy of being taken has filled me up.

He laughs and pushes deeper into me. The world just stops and my head sinks down onto the sheets, my behind high in the air. I am struggling to remember to breathe.
