 To all of my friends and fans, I apologize for being absent so long, but I've been in the process of completely re-writing The Long Road, implementing a number of suggestions I received via feedback from you. There is more background story and character development as you will discover in this and subsequent submissions. 

The Long Road, from beginning to end, spans 25 years of the lives of Kyle and Jayson. You will meet new people. Some of you will laugh, some will cry. However you react, it is my sincere wish that you enjoy the story and in some ways connect with the characters as you share their hopes, dreams, anguishes, good times and bad times.

-Jim

Chapter 1 

Jay looked up from his computer as he heard the side door close. "Hey, Baby. How was your day?

Kyle dropped into a chair, looking down at the floor, not saying a word, which was highly unusual for the outgoing, happy-go-lucky Kyle. Jay knelt at Kyle's feet. "What's wrong, baby?" Kyle looked at Jay, noticeably upset as he handed him a letter.

Mr. Matthews,

This purpose of this letter is to inform you that the school board has decided to terminate your after-school science club due to lack of funds effective immediately.

Please inventory all materials, supplies, books and equipment and have it to me by the end of the week.

A roster of students in the science club needs to be provided to the office no later than Tuesday afternoon so that letters can be sent to the parents of each child participating in the program. Your students are to be informed immediately.

Joe Benson,

Principal

"Oh, shit. I'm so sorry, Baby. I've kind of been expecting this since they ran out of money to finish the football stadium, but at the same time hoping I was wrong and that this wouldn't happen." Jay put his arms around Kyle, placing his hand on the back of his head and holding him tightly, gently rocking him back and forth. "What are you going to do now?"

"I don't know. The club was all that some of these kids had. They really looked forward to it, and it helped a lot of them improve their grades."

"What about going to the principal and discussing it?"

"It wouldn't do any good. His motto is jocks rule, all others drool. He's just been looking for an excuse to shut down any and all non-athletic extra-curricular activities. Now it looks like he's found one."

"What about pleading your case to the school board?"

"It's worth a shot. Also, I can write letters to each kid's parents. I'm going to fight this."

"That's the spirit. Would you like some help with the letters? I'd love to tell the school board off, that bunch of self-serving, self-important hypocrites!"

"Cool. How about you write the letter to the school board while I write the letter to the parents? If I do the school board letter, I'll probably get fired."

The next couple of hours passed in relative silence as the two men concentrated on their individual tasks, stopping only for a small bite to eat.

"Why don't you get changed? I have a surprise for you." Jay said slyly after they each read and approved the other's letters.

"Really, and what would that be?" Kyle asked his curiosity piqued.

"If I told you, it wouldn't be a surprise, now would it? Now go change into some shorts."

Kyle opened his mouth to protest, but was immediately admonished. "Go!" Jay commanded as he grabbed him by the shoulders, spun him around and gave him a shove towards their bedroom

Kyle went and changed into shorts and a form-fitting tank top, emerging from the bedroom a few minutes later.

Jay's breath caught in his throat at the sight of the blond Adonis emerging from their bedroom. After all these years, Kyle still had the power to take his breath away.

"Okay, so now will you tell me what the surprise is?"

"Nope, I have to show you."

"Okay, Jayson, what are you up to?"

"Oh, about six-two" Jay replied, giggling.

Jay's reply triggered the smart-ass in Kyle. "Gee...I didn't know they stacked shit that high."

"Keep it up, smart-ass and you won't get your surprise."

"If I don't get my surprise, you won't get any tonight."

Upon hearing this threat, Jay quickly capitulated, even though he knew that, given Kyle's sexual appetite, it was an empty threat. He was actually anticipating one of their all-night sessions, once Kyle dug into the oysters-on-the-half-shell, which usually drove the perpetually horny Kyle into insatiability.

"You'll find out." He held out his hand to Kyle, who took it, their fingers intertwining. "Close your eyes and come with me." Jay led him out the back door and down the path to their private beach. "Okay, just stand there for a minute and keep your eyes closed." He lit several tiki torches that surrounded a large blanket spread out on the beach.

"Okay, you can open your eyes now."

Kyle's mouth dropped open as he opened his eyes and saw the surprise that Jay had prepared. "Oh, wow!" was all he could say.

Jay took Kyle into his arms. "Kyle, five years ago today was our first date. The past five years have been the best and happiest years of my life." He said, tears in his eyes. "I can't imagine what my life would have been without you. I love you so much it hurts."

Kyle pulled away just far enough so that he could look Jay in the eyes. "I-I don't know what to say. I'm overwhelmed." He looked at him for a few more moments then pulled him into a rib-crushing embrace. "You don't know how much I need this right now."

All the bitter disappointment and anger he felt over the cancellation of his science club came out in the form of violent trembling. Jay held him tightly, whispering words of love and support in his ear until the trembling stopped. An exhausted Kyle was gently lowered to the ground. A man of very deep feelings and strong emotions, Kyle felt ashamed to have ruined what was supposed to have been a very special evening. "I'm so sorry, honey. You obviously went through a great deal of trouble to prepare all of this and I spoiled it."

Jay took Kyle's face in both hands and kissed him tenderly. "You haven't spoiled anything. Kyle, you are a wonderful, compassionate, caring, loving person. That's just one of many things I love about you. Another thing I love about you is that you come to me when you're hurting. That makes me feel loved, wanted and needed, and I wouldn't want you any other way."

"I love you so much Jay that there are a lot of times that all I can think about is being in your arms. I don't know what I ever did to make you fall in love with me. Hold me, please."

"Like you need to ask" Jay said. He took Kyle into his arms as they lay back on the blanket. He held him until they fell asleep safe and secure in each other's arms.

Kyle awoke about an hour later. Looking at Jay's sleeping form his heart skipped a couple of beats. Whatever did I do to deserve him? He asked himself, peeking into the cooler. He went through so much trouble to prepare all this. I have to do something to show him how much I love him and appreciate all of this. I know...He gently disentangled himself and quietly slipped away until he was far enough from Jay that he could sprint back to the house, where he went into the garage and took a brightly-wrapped package from its hiding place. I was saving this for his birthday, but I can get him something else.

He returned to the beach just as Jay was stirring. "Where'd you run off to?"

"I just had to get something from the house."

"What was that?"

"This." He handed the package to Jay "Happy anniversary of our first date."

"Wow" he responded, taking the package from him. "I didn't think you remembered."

I didn't, but I'm not going to hurt your feelings by telling you I had forgotten. Oh, what I wanted to do to you the day we first met. Or more accurately, what I wanted you to do to me.

Jay opened the package and his mouth dropped open in disbelief. He gave Kyle a look of total disbelief. Inside the package was a very expensive gold watch that Jay had wanted for a very long time, but couldn't justify spending the money for it. "I don't know what to say. It's absolutely beautiful."

"I take it that you like it."

"Like it? That's the understatement of the millennium! How can I ever thank you?"

"Oh, I think you know how." Kyle said mischievously, lying back and opening his arms. Jay fell into them immediately and kissed him soundly. Making love on the beach under the stars, Kyle forgot all about the events of that day.

 Chapter 2 

Kyle murmured sleepily as he carefully got out of bed so that he wouldn't wake his sleeping lover. He threw his robe on and slipped out of the room and into the kitchen where he proceeded to make breakfast.

He slipped quietly back into the bedroom, breakfast tray loaded with delectables. He waved a steaming cup of wassail under Jay's nose. As the aroma of his favorite holiday beverage slowly registered in his brain, he stretched, yawned and opened his eyes to see Kyle standing before him wearing nothing but a ribbon and bow around his neck. "Now that's a sight I love waking up to."

Kyle set the tray down and fell into Jay's open arms, kissing him tenderly "Merry Christmas honey."

"Merry Christmas baby" Jay returned the kiss.

Jay reached around Kyle and started squeezing his butt then tried to slip a finger between the cheeks. Much to Jay's surprise, Kyle pushed his hand away.

"Uh-uh. Breakfast first. You're going to need the energy."

"What for" he asked, innocently.

"Eat first then I'll tell you." Kyle responded with a look that told Jay that he got the only answer he was going to get for now. He gave in gracefully, sat up and ate the wonderful meal that Kyle had prepared.

The ever-mischievous Kyle lay at the foot of the bed on his back with his feet up against his butt, exposing himself to his boyfriend. Jay glanced up from his tray and couldn't help but notice the familiar glisten of lubricant spread all over Kyle's butt. Hmm, I wonder what's going to happen as soon as I finish breakfast. He said to himself whimsically. He made a big show of eating his breakfast, taking his time and savoring every bite.

As soon as Jay finished the last bite and set the tray aside, Kyle pounced like a hungry, wild animal on its prey. Without any of the usual foreplay, except that which was necessary to make Jay hard, Kyle impaled himself and started bucking wildly.

"Kyle, wait! Stop! I don't have a condom on."

Kyle slowed his bucking down, but kept gyrating. "I know. That's the whole point. You're going to fill my ass so full of cum that it will take a month to get rid of it all."

"Kyle, I can't. It's not safe."

"Jay, you and I have been monogamous for over five years. Neither of us do drugs or anything. We get routinely tested and are both negative. I spoke with the clinic, and while they said it's never a good idea, the chances of my becoming infected are basically zero. Shut up, lay back and enjoy it. I know it's something you've wanted for a long time. I've wanted it too. We probably will never bareback again, but this time we're doing it, if I have to do all the work myself." He picked up the pace a little. Jay laid his head back, closed his eyes and moaned.

"Oh, my God, this is incredible. You're so hot. I've never felt anything like this before." He sat up and started sucking on first one then the other of Kyle's nipples. Kyle reached under Jay's chin and lifted his face up so that he could kiss him. "Oh, God Kyle, I'm gonna cum. I can't hold it any longer. Here it comes."

Kyle slammed down hard and held still as spurt after spurt of Jay's ball juice shot deep into him. He collapsed on Jay and lay motionless until Jay softened and slipped out of him. He rolled onto his back, eyes closed and smiling. "Thank you." he simply said.

"That was the most incredible thing I've ever felt, but you need to get rid of the cum inside you."

"Uh-uh. I'm keeping it."

"Don't you realize what will happen to you if you do?"

Kyle frowned. "Is there something you're not telling me? Have you cheated on me?"

"No! Never! I swear I never have and never will. You have my word on that." Jay immediately replied vehemently.

"Then why are you so concerned and upset?"

Jay was silent for a few minutes before he finally said "I don't know. I guess it's because it's been drilled into my head so many times that unprotected sex guarantees HIV infection."

Kyle kissed him on the chest between the nipples. "Not in this case. I've done my homework. You're negative. I'm negative. We've been monogamous for over five years. It's okay, baby."

"Okay, okay. I believe you."

"Good because as soon as you're ready we're going to do it again."

"Not bareback this time."

"Well, if you insist. But you can't say that you didn't enjoy it."

"Yes I can say it, but it would be a lie. Sex with you is the most incredible thing in the world. I didn't think it could be any better until this."

"But you don't want to do it again?"

"I don't want to put you at any risk. You're my entire life. I'd rather die than see anything happen to you.

Jay stroked Kyle's chest tenderly, slowly working his way down until he found what he was searching for. He gently stroked Kyle's hardness causing Kyle to moan low in his throat. Jay heard Kyle's breathing quicken slightly. He took Kyle into his mouth sucking gently up and down, going further and further down until Kyle was deep in Jay's throat, Jay's nose brushing against his public hairs when it finally happened. With a shout, Kyle unleashed a tremendous load down Jay's throat.

"Wow" was all Kyle could say. Since Kyle remained hard, Jay continued his ministrations until moments later when Kyle delivered a second load, almost as big as the first.

"That's the first time that's ever happened." Kyle said, amazed.

Jay flopped back onto his pillow. "Well, if I wasn't full before from that awesomely awesome breakfast, I certainly am now." He said, giggling. He kissed Kyle gently, once again aroused.

Kyle noticed Jay's arousal. "Cool! Now it's my turn!!!" He exclaimed gleefully has he rolled over onto his stomach, spread his legs and wiggled his butt sensually. "Come and get it, big boy" Jay put on a condom, rolled over on top of him and they made love a second time.

With a twinge of excitement in his voice Jay informed the love of his life that they should get up and open presents. They had to be at Kyle's sister's house in a couple of hours. Having been an only child and with no living relatives, Jay's heart warmed whenever he thought about the way that Kyle' sister, brother-in-law, and all of his cousins welcomed him into their family.

After cuddling a few more minutes, the boys reluctantly got up, shaved, showered and got dressed. They made short work out of the pile of presents under the tree, each appreciating the other's gifts.

With the exception of a handful of gifts intended for others, there remained only one huge gift which Jay seemed not to notice. "Who is that big one for? I don't remember seeing it before."

"What does the tag say?"

"It says 'For the ultimate love of my life', but it isn't signed." Slowly it dawned on him at the package was his. "Wait a minute...Jay you didn't.....you couldn't...."

"Open it and see."

He slowly opened the package as Jay sat on the edge of the couch, anxiously waiting to see Kyle's reaction.

He froze when he saw the contents of the large, nondescript package.

"I....." was all he said before he threw himself on Jay, tears flowing in rivers down his cheeks. Inside the box was a brand new portable artist's easel, a couple of palettes, the biggest kit of paints and brushes he had ever seen, a modeling dummy and numerous other accessories. Several years ago a small fire in the basement that started when the furnace motor shorted out destroyed all of Kyle's art supplies and equipment, which he never replaced. After the fire he totally lost interest in painting.

"I can't believe it. I don't know what to say. How did you manage...?"

"I didn't. Up until now I didn't even know what was in the box. I gave the money to Karin and had her get everything. Is it all right? You can take any of it back and exchange it for whatever you want."

"But why would you spend so much money on a hobby I no longer do?"

"Don't think I don't know how devastated you were after the fire and how much you miss painting. I miss watching you paint. I used to sit and watch you for hours. You look so serene, almost angelic, when you're painting. I miss that. Nor did I miss all the times you'd see something and mutter under your breath how much you wish you could paint it."

"I don't know what to say. How can I thank you for this incredible gift?"

"Your facial expression is thanks enough, although a hug and a kiss would be nice."

Kyle hugged him so tightly that he couldn't breathe.

"Let me go. I can't breathe." Jay gasped. Kyle eased his strangle hold on him, kissed him soundly and started rubbing his crotch. Jay pushed his hand away. "Oh, no you don't. Keep this up and we'll never get to your sister's for lunch on time."

"Speaking of which, before we go I need your help getting a painting down from the attic."

"You have paintings in the attic? Won't the cold ruin them?"

"No. It's heated."

"Really, I never knew that. You know, the attic might make a great rec room."

"Hmm, I never thought of having it made into a rec room." But I did find another use for it, and wait until you see what that is. Kyle amended to himself.

When they reached the attic stairs, Jay bowed gallantly to Kyle, and with a sweeping arm gesture, indicated that Kyle should go first.

"You first, I insist."

"You just want to stare at my ass." Jay accused with a wink.

Kyle snapped his fingers in a gesture of frustration "Damn. You're onto me."

"I know all your tricks." He retorted, giggling. "Well, if I must..." He started up the stairs as Kyle wolf-whistled at him.

It was Jay's turn to be overwhelmed by the gift that was waiting for him when he opened the door. Kyle had the attic made over into a photography studio, complete with backdrops, lights, furniture and a digital photo editing workstation complete with a printer capable of producing up to 8x10" photographs.

"I don't know what to say. This is incredible. I've dreamed about this for a very long time, but could never justify spending the money."

"Just like I could never justify spending the money to replace all of my art stuff."

Jay's look of joy suddenly turned into one of bitter disappointment.

"Honey, what's wrong? Don't you like it?" Kyle asked, slightly hurt.

Jay took Kyle's face in both of his hands and kissed him gently. "Baby, I love it. But don't you remember last summer when my truck got broken into and my camera was stolen?"

Kyle hung his head in apparent shame. "I guess you won't be able to use that either." He said, pointing to a cabinet.

"What's in there?" Jay opened the cabinet doors and just about shit his pants again. Hidden inside was a top-of-the-line digital SLR camera with a flash and a variety of lenses. "BITCH" he exclaimed. "You really had me going." He pulled Kyle into a fierce embrace, rubbed his crotch against Kyle's and squeezed his butt.

"Uh, who was it that said we had to hurry up to get over to my sister's?"

"Screw them." he exclaimed as he started tearing Kyle's clothes off.

"No, I thought the idea was to screw me." Kyle responded with a giggle as he tore Jay's clothes off and pushed him towards the couch that was along one wall. Afterwards Kyle remarked "This has been one hellacious Christmas morning. We did it three times. Want to go for a fourth?"

Jay glanced at the clock on the wall. "Ah, you want to check the time?"
