 You awakened the next morning and, for a moment, thought only about enjoying another of Dad's huge country-style breakfasts. Then, recollection of last night's events rushed in on you like a wave. You quickly turned over to look at Larry, but, fortunately, he had already rousted out. Boy! You didn't know how you were going to even look at Larry, much less get through the day with him around. Then the implication of those thoughts hit you. Obviously, you had already made up your mind subconsciously that you wouldn't rat Larry out to your Dad. Was it because you were too embarrassed, or didn't want to get Larry in trouble, or because you realized how much you actually enjoyed, in the heat of the moment, what he did? Well, it was obvious that, regardless of the reasons, you weren't going to say anything, so you might as well get your ass in gear and get on with it. You weren't timid by nature, so once you made your mind up on a course of action, you usually didn't look back.

Breakfast was like nothing had ever happened! Dad obviously didn't suspect anything and Larry was just his usual, rather amusing self. The eye contact and conversation were amazingly normal. You felt a kind of comfort in that and began to relax a little. As you did, you were surprised to find you began to feel an erotic desire for more sexual contact... with Larry! You quickly pushed those feelings down, but once you had the conscious thought there was no keeping them down for very long. This stuff was making you feel horny as hell. You knew the nubile young women at your school turned you on tremendously, pert young breasts, swaying hips...but, damn it, here you were feeling that way about what amounted to sex with a guy! What the heck was going on?

Well, you couldn't dwell on these thoughts; it was time to get on with the days activities. As you rose to get your gear together, Larry gave you a friendly slap on the back, out of Dad's view, then as you continued to walk he let your momentum cause his hand to drift slowly down the length of your back and sort of stop on your ass before taking it away. Well, it was obvious Larry hadn't forgotten last night's events! Already having thought about how erotic this all was for you at some level, even though the contact once again shocked you a little, your reaction was to just carry on as if nothing had happened.

Since it wasn't hunting season, the weekend was just a sort of getaway camping and hiking thing to kill a long weekend. You all struck out together to spot wildlife and just generally enjoy the great natural scenery here. Dad wasn't much into hiking, so after a bit he made his usual excuse about needing to do something back at camp. As he often had on past trips, he left you to carry on showing HIS guest around so that he could actually just chill out back at camp. Well, in the past you had either enjoyed this or tolerated it stoically, depending on how pleasant the company was. In this case, you actually felt yourself shift into a definite state of arousal at the thought of how a hike in the woods alone with Larry might turn out. After Dad left, Larry just smiled in sort of a different way and said, "Let's go on, I've been looking forward to this". You found you weren't able to say anything in response, so you just turned and led the way.

After traveling some distance without incident, you came to one of your favorite resting spots at a small bluff with an outlook and a rock wall to lean back on. Even though the idea started you wondering again, you really wanted to stop here for a break and enjoy the view. You suggested this and then sat down against the wall. Larry then sat right beside you, touching shoulder-to-shoulder and immediately let his hand rest almost casually on your thigh. You were again somewhat shocked at your own reaction, because you felt a sudden rush to your loins that was really incredible. You knew your erection must be showing and automatically looked over at Larry's lap. You were even more shocked now by Larry's reaction. He was apparently wearing boxers under his thin nylon hiking pants, because his erection was stretched out down one leg of his pants and it was huge! Your penis was a modest six or seven inches on a good day and not particularly large in diameter. Larry's, on the other hand, looked like it ran down most of his thigh and might be nearly as thick as your wrist. You found you were fascinated with his erection and felt a desire to see him exposed. This desire had sort of a "taboo" feeling to it, which only served to make you feel more excited. If you didn't get some release soon, you felt like you would faint from a nervous overload.

Just as he had last night, Larry seemed to know what you were thinking and feeling almost before you did. He started sliding his hand slowly up and down your thigh for a few strokes then moved full onto your cock and balls. He began the same soft squeezing motion that he had last night, locking your attention onto how good it felt before you could panic and bolt. You relaxed into the feeling of Larry's manipulations and turned to resume staring at Larry's awesome cock. Again, he was one step ahead of you, because he had already undone his pants with his free hand. It was then you realized he was not wearing boxers, but in fact had gone without underwear, obviously with this moment in mind. Larry already had his enormous thing pulled halfway out and continued to slowly extract it through his open pants. It just kept sliding out and you became more and more excited until it suddenly came free. It flew up like a bent sapling being let go. You had never seen anything like it. You were absolutely spellbound by it and sort of abandoned yourself to go wherever this led.

At this same moment Larry took his had from your groin and reached up to sort of gently massage you on the back of your neck. All the while you continued staring at his cock with some sort of sense in the back of your mind as to what was coming next. Sure enough, Larry began to put pressure on the back of your neck, gently pushing you in the direction of his cock. Having sensed this coming, and apparently wanting it at some level, you yielded to the pressure and found your face only a few inches from the head of Larry's tool. A large drop of pre-cum was just pooling in the "eye" of his penis. It looked like a clear drop of nectar and you suddenly had an overwhelming desire to taste it. Without any further thought, you completely yielded to Larry's pressure and put your mouth around the head of his penis. You had never done anything like this before so your mind began to absorb all the sensations in a rush. You simultaneously noted the surprising feel of smoothness, the clean salty taste of the pre-cum, and his throbbing pulse making the head thump gently in your mouth.

Larry then turned his hips and repositioned the two of you slightly, so that your head tilted further back. That seemed to allow his penis to penetrate easier until it was pressing against the back of your throat. Your lips could now feel the soft folds of skin immediately below the head. You knew from your own experience masturbating that this was a very sensitive area. Something in you wanted to turn Larry on as much as possible, so you focused on creating as much motion as possible over this sensitive area. Finally Larry seemed to be the one losing control somewhat, because he moaned and leaned his head back, giving you free reign, so to speak, to do whatever you wanted. You were motivated even more by this apparent acceptance by Larry of what you were trying to do. You began to run a hand up and down his enormous shaft while continuing to press his cock against the back of your throat as hard as you could, then out again, getting the most stroke you could over his remnant foreskin.

At some point you realized that there would soon be another major decision for you. You had tried tasting your own cum once or twice while jacking off. While it didn't taste good exactly, it hadn't made you gag either, and you recalled what a turn-on it had been when you tried that. Since you had this overwhelming desire to impress Larry with your "prowess", you made the decision that you at least wouldn't pull away when he blew his load and would see where that led. Shortly thereafter, you noticed Larry's breathing quicken. He said, "That's it!" at the same time you felt his large tool swell even more. You stuck with your decision and just slurped and sucked even harder. Suddenly the first gush of his cum hit the back of your throat with such force that, with your mouth so completely filled by Larry's size, the cum literally squirted out the sides of your mouth. That one caught you by surprise, but now you were ready. You began sucking and swallowing even before the next load came and continued to swallow all you could. This went on for who knows how long before you finally realized the ejaculation had stopped. It was only then that you reflected on the taste of Larry's cum. You thought it might have tasted a little different than yours, but in the heat of the moment, you really didn't find it distasteful. In fact, to keep doing everything you could for Larry you just sort of lapped his cock all over as it finally began to soften slightly. Even then it was and enormous thing to behold.

You raised you head and sort of gave this beautiful cock one more longing look then sat up and stared Larry straight in the face, waiting for his reaction. He smiled and told you how well you had done and how much he appreciated that he was obviously your first. He then reached up and rubbed the back of your neck again and said there would be even more "firsts" before this weekend was over.