 While my attraction to women is strong, bordering on extreme, I've come to acknowledge, mostly thanks to the age of the www, that I am definitely bi-curious. I had one experience in my youth where I was the object of some uninvited touching. It was nowhere near what I've written in this story, but it's something I've come back to again and again as being the possible source, or at least a dormant seed, of my curiosity. Anyway, while this is 99% fiction, it is what might have been. I'm particularly interested if other lifelong hetero men have been through something similar and have some of the same remnant curiosities surfacing later on. 

* * * * * 

While you considered yourself a grownup, now that you were mostly away at college, you had to admit you still looked forward to doing the holiday weekends with Dad out at the hunting camp. This trip, Dad had once again brought one of the guys from his office to the camp as sort of a perk for their good effort, etc., etc. That wasn't unusual, but this particular time it seemed a little odd to you, since Larry wasn't known as one of the outdoors types at the office. In fact, you had overheard at times Larry being the object of some unkind humor about his being decidedly NOT the outdoors type. But, Dad had mentioned how much the guy kept hinting about wanting to try the outdoors experience. So, Dad had finally given in and invited Larry along on one of the trips. 

The arrival was uneventful. You and Dad gave Larry the 5-cent tour of the area and returned just in time to set up for the evening. It occurred to you that the layout of the small travel trailer would no doubt require you and Larry to share the small convertible bed in the "living room". Dad always claimed sole lordship over the only real bedroom at the other end of the trailer. Oh well, even though you didn't know Larry that well, you had bunked that way with other friends, family members and assorted pets, so it wasn't that big a deal. 

You did the usual routine, sitting around staring alternately at the campfire and at the milky-way galaxy until you could barely get inside before falling sound asleep. Ordinarily, you could sleep through like the dead when you were up here away from all the troubles of the world. Little did you know what was in store for you this particular evening. 

You felt yourself coming up from a deep sleep and sort of felt like something was touching your rear end. You sort of brushed and rolled, then fell back into the void without thinking consciously about what it was. Some kind of curiosity must have remained, however, because later, when something seemed to wake you again, you came to with the thought of just lying still until you could observe what was going on. Then, if it was the family dog rooting around in the bed you could maybe toss him out without waking up your guest and especially your Dad. 

You were quite startled when you became lucid at just the same time that you realized what had awakened you was a "cupping" pressure on your "privates". This was such a foreign and unexpected feeling that you just froze rigid on the spot in a state of panic. As you began to collect your wits you realized the source of the pressure had to be Larry, whom you could hear breathing rather strongly right next to you in the tiny bed. 

As you struggled within this panicked state to think of what to do, you began to realize simultaneously that you had a boner and that the slight squeezing pressure felt really, really good. No one beside you had ever touched "the boys" before, so the sensation of another person stimulating you there was obviously turning your body on quite effectively, even if you were only now beginning to realize the implications of a guy doing it. 

Larry must have realized you were awake. The fact that you hadn't breathed for what seemed like minutes was enough of a clue, but on top of that you could tell that, as the thought of what was happening became clear to you, your erection had become the best "diamond-cutter" you had ever experienced. Since you hadn't immediately run screaming from the bed, Larry was emboldened enough to begin to alternate the pressure, sort of gently squeezing your whole package then letting go. You were so fried emotionally at this point that you just lay there and took it all in. The budding young girls in your school really did turn you on tremendously. Your minor successes thus far had turned you on just as much as this, but you never, ever expected you could feel this way from a guy doing something to you. You realized next that you didn't feel toward Larry the same as you did your favorite dream-boats at school, but, damn, this was without a doubt turning you on physically and just as much as anything ever had. 

Just as you began to accept that this was a turn-on for you, Larry slowly slid his hand up to the waist-band of your briefs. He stroked his fingertips back and forth along the edge of the elastic, beginning to insert them under the edge more and more with each stroke. You were getting more and more excited by the sense of anticipation this created, when his fingertips actually brushed across the root of your penis. You almost exploded right then. Larry appeared to know exactly what you were feeling at every moment because he hesitated with his fingers spread out in the Vulcan salute, caressing your pelvis on either side of your penis, while you caught your breath. 

After you had recovered slightly, Larry rather suddenly slid his hand down over your whole package, much like he had when you first awakened, only this time it was skin-to-skin! Once again you felt like you were losing it, but then Larry squeezed the head of your penis and that somehow stopped the sensation. You were amazed at how much he was able to stimulate, yet control what you were feeling. You were thinking this was going to finally be some twisted answer Fate had provided to your prayers for a hand job, though in no way like you had envisioned it, when you felt Larry sit up in the bed and pull your briefs down out of the way with his free hand. You expected he was getting a better angle for stroking you to the grand finale. 

In fact, what Larry did was to lift your penis and at the same time lean over engulfing you in his warm, wet mouth. Sweet Mary! You had never, in all your solo manipulations, felt anything remotely like this. Almost immediately, as Larry suckled forcefully and moved his mouth up and down your shaft, you exploded like you never had before. You just kept coming and coming. You were feeling embarrassed that you had come in Larry's mouth like that, but then you realized he was just sucking you harder and deeper as if that was exactly what he wanted all along. 

As things subsided and you were lying there trying to fathom everything that had just happened, Larry sort of licked you up and tucked you back in your briefs. You were trying to think of what to say or do when Larry just patted you on the cheek, whispered good night, and rolled over like nothing had ever happened. You were left there to think about the ramifications of everything that had just happened, and, perhaps more importantly, what the rest of the long weekend would bring.