 "Dude hurry up we are going to be late." The call came from the passenger window of my best friends car. Five of us were heading off on an 8 hour journey across the country for a festival. I was running down from my apartment and saw the packed car overflowing with beer and tents and more beer. I stuffed my belongings in the boot of the car and jumped in the back behind the passenger seat. Dave was driving as it was his car and he liked doing long distances, for some strange reason. In the front of me was Tony he was a large guy not fat by any means but bulky. Naturally we weren't going to squeeze in the back with him. Directly next to me was Paul he was a strange guy usually very quiet until he had a few beers then he was the life of the party. On the far side was Mike, a small guy but great fun to be around. 

"Man I hope we beat this storm." Dave sighed from the front of the car as the sky swirled a dirty grey cloud above our heads "I hate driving in the rain." We set off down the road and had probably gone half an hour before the first rain drop hit the windshield. "Damn it better not rain all weekend." Tony grumbled from the front "forecast was for blue skys." 

"We have 7 and half hours of driving left to do you big dope the weather will be fine at the campsite." Laughed Mike. An hour later and we were all settling into the drive. We had a few pillows and blankets in the back and it was pretty cosy I was struggling not too fall asleep. I leant forward to speak to Dave make sure he was ok and catch up on the game from last weekend. The rain hadn't let up and it was getting heavier. "Check the arse on her." Tony excitedly shouted from the passenger seat we all looked up to see a good looking young girl trying to hitch a lift. She was walking along in the rain with her hood up and a large rucksack. Still some distance away the tight jeans she was wearing showed her peach like butt and narrow hips off really well. "Pick her up Dave she can sit in my lap, poor girl shouldn't be out in the rain." I winked at the guys up front. 

"There's no room dude." Dave said. Then as he passed her he laughed and slowed down. 

"Ahh Dave you legend." I nudged him. 

"Dont thank me just yet." He said close to laughter. 

"What." I said before I looked up. She had arrived at the window to the car. 

"Oh shit." said Mike from the other side. Tony was just laughing and Paul put up his hand and waved a hello. 

"Thats a guy." I said to no one in particular as I looked at this young guy who had appeared at the window. 

"Urgh yeah my names Euan." Came the reply from the window much to my embarrassment I hadnt realised Dave had put the window down. "You want a lift then buddy its a tight squeeze in the back but this friendly guy here said you can sit in his lap." Dave said pointing to me with a big grin on his face. 

"Only if its ok with you." Euan replied looking at me. 

"Well the thing is..." I began to mumble an excuse but was cut off by Tony who had decided to get in on the action of making me uncomfortable "Of course you can jump in." With that Euan threw his stuff in the back and hopped in. I pushed across and made a bit of room and the four of us squeezed across the back three seats. "Well this is a bit tight." Mike said it jokingly but you could tell he wasn't impressed with the situation. Next thing I know Paul shoved back into me "This fucking seat belt is riding right up my arse." He cried out. As I moved back over I had no choice and Euan ended up pretty much sitting in my lap he was trying to scoot forward so he wasn't right up on my crotch but his large girl like peach bum was still on me. 

Tony turned round "well you did say he could sit in your lap." I gave him a sideways smirk expressing how unfunny I found this. "So where are you off too Euan." said Tony.

"Aww just a little festival up in the mountains." Euan replied. Of course you are I thought.

"No way us too." Tony said smirking back at me knowing I was going to be in this predicament for the next 6 hours.

It was around this point I started to feel damp in my shorts "aww fuck man your jeans are soaking." I shouted.

"Aww sorry dude." Euan replied "can we pull over at the next petrol station and ill change."

A little way up the road we came to a service station and Euan went off to change his wet clothes. I stayed in the car and pulled my shorts off which were now damp and uncomfortable. I was now just in my boxer shorts so I pulled one of the blankets over my crotch Euan wouldn't know a thing. Five minutes later Euan came out in his T shirt but just a towel around his waist he jumped back in my lap. "Err sorry about this." He said "everything else was damp apart from my towel in my dry bag." 

"Its cool, lets just get to the festival." I replied. We set off again and were eventually on the highway. 

Everyone was starting to doze off and fall asleep. Euan was leaning back with his head against the window and I fell asleep against his shoulder. I dont know how long I was out for but I woke up to see the blanket had been pulled off my crotch out from under Euan. As I moved to get some blood pumping in my legs Euan rolled over to the side as he did this his towel opened up and fell down showing his bare thigh and hip bone. I thought he would have kept his boxers on. I quickly grabbed the blanket back and covered Euan again. Something had stirred in me seeing his bare skin. My cock began to grow in my underwear. I lay back and tried to fall back asleep but knowing this guy was practically naked in my lap was bringing out all sorts of kinky thoughts. I had never considered doing anything with a guy before. My cock was really pumping to grow but had got stuck under Euans arse and was feeling extremely uncomfortable.

I reached down my front with my hand and tried to manoeuvre my legs so my cock had some room but it wasn't happening and my moving had caused Euan to move again this time as he stirred his arse rubbed against my cock. Next thing I know Euan in his half asleep state must have felt my throbbing cock pushing against his arse as he reached around under the blanket and lifted his arse off my lap. He pushed my cock up and away with his hands through my boxers. Then he sat back and fell asleep again.

I didn't know what to think finally my cock was free but another guy had just touched my junk. His towel had worked its way off his back and as far as I could tell under the blanket was now just covering his cock. My own cock was resting against his back with my balls and base of it just nestling against the top of his arse crack. It felt great through my thin boxers. I nervously looked around the rest of the guys in the back were fast asleep. We hit a few bumps in the road while driving along and I enjoyed the feeling of euans arse sliding over my dick. I was getting hornier by the second.

I started to bob my legs up and down causing Euan to bounce on my dick. Man what am I doing I thought, im not gay but this feels good. Euan stirred from my bouncing and leaned forward against the seat infront of him. I thought I should have been happy not to have his bare ass on my lap I was actually disappointed. I looked down at my lap where Euan was bent over I had a great view of his arse. I wanted to know what it felt like against my cock. I carefully opened the fly on my boxers and pulled my 8 inch cock out in the open. Then I reached around Euans hips and gently pulled him back into me. As I pulled him back I felt his towel hitting our feet. I know knew he was bollock naked from the waist down under the blanket. My cock was again resting in his arse crack but now was skin on skin. With my hand on his hips I gently swayed him against me.

After doing this for two minutes I suddenly felt a bit of resistance from Euan his body had stopped moving as freely. I quickly stopped, thinking I had perhaps woken him. So i dropped my hands to his side's and pretended to sleep. Next thing I know Euan began too freely bounce in my lap. What the fuck he was sliding right up my shaft and down to my balls with out me touching him he kept at this for what felt like minutes but was really probably about 30 seconds when he stopped again.

I put my hands back on his waist and tried to rock him again, after letting me do this for several seconds he again put up resistance. I moved my hands round his waist and on to the tops of his legs and he again started to rock his hips in my crotch. Not 20 seconds later he stopped again. I knew at this point what he wanted and I was now horny enough to play the game.

I reached around carefully while checking the guys were all still asleep in the back and the blanket was covering us up. I gently with my right hand grabbed hold of Euans thick and very erect cock and with my left reached round and cupped what felt like rather large smooth balls. As soon as I had hold of his cock the rhythmic bouncing again started in my lap. The motion was allowing him to both ride my cock and jerk him off at the same time. I was ready to blow from the kinkyness of it all in seconds and I felt Euan getting steadier and his breathing quicken.

I grabbed his cock tighter and after several pulls on his cock began to feel his cum on my hands. With that I began to blow my load on his arse and back. We sat like this for several minutes both of us afraid to talk to break the spell of what had happened and enter back into the real world. 

"10 minutes away guys." Dave shouted from the front. This jolted us back to reality and we quickly got our shit together as everyone around us woke up. We eventually pulled up at the campsite and after all heading into the toilets to freshen up and get changed we said our goodbyes too Euan. Standing around the car afterwards we all grabbed a beer.

"So how was the ride." Tony laughed at me.

"Fuck you guys." I laughed back "good thing he was light." 

Then Paul turned to me with a serious look in his eyes. "Did his arse feel good against your cock."