 A couple of days later, a police officer rang the doorbell. "Officer Peters. What can I do for you?" Kyle remembered the officer from his previous visit when he had been raped.

"I need to speak to you for a couple of minutes. May I come in?"

"Sure. Come on in." He stepped aside to allow the officer to enter his living room. Always the thoughtful host, he asked "Can I get you anything to drink, water, coffee, iced tea?"

"I'd love some tea, thank you. Nice place you have here."

Kyle froze momentarily when he heard that phrase, remembering the last time he heard those words from a stranger in his living room. He nervously handed the officer a glass of iced tea.

Noting Kyle's nervousness, the officer reassured him. "Relax, Mister Matthews. I just need to talk with you about the incident that happened two days ago at the hospital."

"Sorry. The day I was raped the guy said the same thing you did about my house. It just brought back a painful memory."

Officer Peters placed a hand on Kyle's arm. "I'm so sorry. The last thing I want to do is cause you any discomfort." There was no doubting the sincerity in his voice.

Kyle's gut told him that there was something else behind those words, but he didn't give voice to it. Embarrassment warred with curiosity for dominance as he remembered that this was the same officer who saw him naked and handcuffed to his bed that horrible day. "So what did you want to talk to me about?"

"The man you got into an altercation with is attempting to file assault charges against you. According to him, you kicked him in the groin several times."

"I kicked him twice, but that was after he grabbed me from behind, stuck his tongue in my ear and sucker-punched me in the stomach."

"The security guard from the hospital said that he attacked you and you responded to protect yourself so he has no grounds to file assault charges against you. What I need to find out from you is whether or not you want to file assault charges against him."

"Are there any charges against him now?"

"Yes. The hospital filed disorderly conduct charges against him."

"What would happen to him if I don't press charges?"

"He'll probably get probation, a small fine and community service. Disorderly conduct is a misdemeanor."

"If I filed assault charges against him, what would happen?"

"There would be a trial, at which you and the hospital security guard would be key witnesses for the prosecution. If he were to be convicted, he'd face a maximum of up to five years in prison, and a five-hundred dollar fine."

"To the best of my knowledge, he's never been in trouble with the law, so he'd want revenge. He's definitely the type that would come after me after he gets out. What if, instead of filing charges against him, I asked for an order of protection?"   

"It would most likely be granted, but he'd be free to go after someone else."

"That's unlikely. The only reason he came after me is he was my first boyfriend, and since he took my virginity, he felt like I was his property. I seriously doubt he'd go after anyone else." Kyle said, watching the young officer's face for any signs of discomfort or a negative reaction to his statement, which didn't happen.

"Okay, well, the choice is yours. Think it over and call the precinct when you've made a decision." He stood up, glancing at the clock. "Listen, I'm off duty as of two minutes ago. Want to go out and grab a beer?" He asked, hopefully.

Okay, he's making his move. "I'm sorry, but I already have a boyfriend. Besides, I don't drink."

"You misunderstand. I just want to be friends. I just moved here a few weeks ago and I don't have anybody that I can hang out with and just be myself."

"You don't have any friends on the force?"

"Not that I can be myself with."

"Why's that?" Kyle asked, pretty sure of what the answer will be.

"Because I'm gay, and my precinct commander is a homophobic prick. I'm not out at work."

Hmm...that has a familiar ring to it. "And that's all you want, is to be friends?"

"Come on, look at me. There's no way in hell a guy as hot as you could possibly be interested in someone like me."

"Don't put yourself down like that. You're very attractive and you appear to have a nice body. While I don't know you, you seem like a good guy. Surely there's a boyfriend somewhere."

"I never had one. If I was able to be out like you and your friend, I might be able to find one, but not the way things are now. I constantly have to look over my shoulder whenever I go anywhere. My commander probably had me followed here and is wondering why I'm still here when my shift is already over."

"Believe me, I understand. My boyfriend is in the exact same situation only his is worse because he's with the FBI. It's hard on both of us. He wants to be out, but if he did come out, his supervisor would revoke his security clearance and fire him. Nine years of hard work down the drain. Have you thought about transferring to another precinct?"

"I would totally love that, but I have no grounds to request a transfer. I can't claim hostile working environment. That would be like putting a nail in my coffin, so to speak."

"I think I know of a way to help you out, if you're interested."

"What could you do?"

"I could make a phone call to someone who would love to help you out, discretely, of course."

"That would be awesome! I don't know what to say."

"Let me give him a call right now." Kyle got out his phone. "What's your first name?"

"Greg. Greg Peters."

"I'm pleased to meet you, Greg. I'm Kyle. What precinct are you assigned to?"

"The tenth."

He dialed a number. "Hi, this is Kyle Matthews calling for Dave Barton, please."

Greg's eyebrows were raised to the ceiling. "You know the Deputy Mayor?"

"Hi, Dave, I'm doing fine, thanks for asking. And thanks for all your help when I was raped. I really appreciate it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know. That's what family is for. Listen. I need a favor. Do you remember that prick cop's partner, Officer Peters? Well as it turns out, he's having a rough time over at the tenth precinct and wants to transfer out, but he doesn't have any grounds to request the transfer." Kyle listened for a moment. "Actually, he's right here. Let me put him on."

He handed the phone to Greg, who became very nervous. "Hello?"

"Officer Peters? This is Dave Barton. How are you doing?"

He shot to his feet. "D-d-d-d-deputy Mayor, I'm fine, sir. How are you?"

"I'm good, thanks for asking. I understand you're having problems at your precinct?"

"Nothing I can't handle, sir."

"I have a feeling that you're not being completely honest with me."

"I'm being as honest as I can be."

"Where are you right now? Are you on duty?"

"No sir. I'm at Kyle Matthews' house."

"I'll be there in ten minutes. I want to discuss this further with you."

"Thank you sir, but I've already taken up more of your valuable time than I have a right to."

"Officer Peters. You will remain where you are. That is not a request. I will be there in ten minutes and we will discuss this situation further." Dave said, sternly.

"Yes sir." He replied meekly as he hung up and handed the phone to Kyle. "Some help. I'm in a world of shit with the Deputy Mayor. I'll probably lose my job now." He said bitterly, turning an accusing eye to Kyle.

"I seriously doubt that."

"How do you know? You can't possibly know that."

"Ah, but I do, because I know Dave Barton quite well. Our illustrious Deputy Mayor is openly gay, and the Police Commissioner had a gay son. You have no fear of being canned for being gay. Neither of them will allow open homophobia within the ranks of the police or fire departments. If they find out about it, it's dealt with immediately and severely."

Soon there was a knock on the door. Kyle opened the door to admit Dave, who gave him a bear hug. "I'm glad you're doing okay."

"Thanks, Dave. Dave, this is Greg Peters. Greg, Deputy Mayor Dave Barton."

Dave smacked Kyle on the shoulder playfully. "Since when have you ever introduced me as Deputy Mayor, especially in your house?"

"Since you got elected Deputy Mayor."

"Bitch!"

Greg took in their playful banter in awe. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Deputy Mayor." He said respectfully as they shook hands.

"My name is Dave. I only use my title when I'm required to, and this is not one of those times. Now, what kind of problems are you experiencing at your precinct, and how can I help?"

"It's nothing more than the usual bullshit for the new guy."

"Why do I think there's something you're not telling me?"

Greg shot Kyle a frightened look as he was passing out glasses of iced tea.

"Greg, would you feel more comfortable if I left the room and allowed you two to talk in private."

"I can't ask you to leave your own living room."

"You're not. I'm offering."

"Please don't." He gave Kyle a look of pure terror, a look that was not lost on Dave.

"Ah, I see. Let me guess. You're gay, and because of your precinct commander, you're in the closet, but you don't want to be in the closet. You want to be out, so you can feel free to meet other gay men and perhaps find a boyfriend. Am I right?"

Greg hung his head. "Yes," he whispered.

Dave moved to sit on the couch next to him. He put his arms around him and pulled him close. "There's no reason to hang your head. It implies that you are ashamed to be gay. Are you?" Greg shook his head as his arms slowly encircled Dave. All of his fears, frustrations and loneliness spilled forth in a flood of tears that would not be denied. Kyle quietly slipped from the room and started making dinner for the three of them. After a few moments, Dave gently lifted Greg's head and brushed the tears away. He tilted his head down and planted a tender kiss on Greg's lips. He released him and sat back on the couch, keeping one arm around him as he got out his cell phone. "Fred, Dave Barton. Listen, I need your help. It's come to my attention that there is a young gay officer in the tenth precinct who is having a hard time over there and is being forced to remain in the closet. Yes, the tenth. Okay, I'll tell him. Thanks, Fred." He hung up and looked Greg in the eyes. "Tomorrow morning at eight am you are to report to the Police Commissioner for reassignment to the fifteenth precinct."

"The fifteenth? Where's that?"

"They patrol the area around the LGBT Center."

He looked at Dave with relief, love and appreciation shining in his eyes. "I don't know what to say."

"How about saying yes to going out with me to celebrate?"

Greg threw himself on Dave. "Yes. Oh, yes." He kissed him soundly just as Kyle came back into the room.

"The guest room is that way, guys." He pointed towards the guest room. "Make it a quickie because dinner is ready. I hope you like spaghetti, Greg."

"If you don't now, you will. Kyle makes a killer spaghetti sauce." Dave stood, and taking Greg by the hand, led him into the dining room where they enjoyed a wonderful meal, although if Greg were to be asked later about it, he wouldn't be able to tell you what he ate or where he ate. He had fallen hopelessly in love with Dave, feelings that were most definitely returned.

After the dining room and kitchen were cleaned up, Dave and Greg left for the club. Kyle declined the invitation as he was worn out from the emotions of the last couple of days. He called Tommy, who answered on the first ring.

"What's up, Kyle?"

"Not me, at least not at the moment."

"Asshole, I should have known I'd get a smart-assed comment."

"Seriously though, how'd you like some good news?"

"Good news or good news?"

"Some of both, actually. Do you remember the good cop that showed up when you called nine-one-one after I was raped?"

"The partner of the ass-wipe who threatened you and attacked me?"

"Yep, he came by earlier to ask me if I wanted to press assault charged against Corey and..."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute." Tommy interrupted. "What's this about you pressing assault charges against Corey?"

"Sorry. I thought I told you guys about that. Two days ago when I was visiting Jay in the hospital I went to get something to eat in the cafeteria. Apparently Pam was in the hospital having a baby and he was also in the cafeteria. He tried to get me to go home with him because, according to him, since he popped my cherry, so to speak, I belonged to him. When I refused, he punched me in the stomach. Caught me totally off-guard which, given the nature of our past relationship, shouldn't have happened. I should have expected it."

"That...that...that..." Tommy sputtered, too pissed to speak.

"Oh, he got his." Kyle snickered evilly. "I did something I wanted to do to him for years. I kicked him right in the balls. Not once, but twice. A hospital security guard saw the whole thing and had him arrested. Anyway, as it turns out, Greg Peters, the officer who was at the house the day I was raped, is gay, and if I'm not mistaken soon will be, if he isn't already, sharing Dave Barton's bed."

"You're shitting me."

"Nope, I called Dave because Greg was having a rough time at his precinct and I thought he could help. He came over to talk with him directly and they ended up staying for dinner. They couldn't keep their eyes off of each other."

"Awesome."

"That's the good news. Are you ready for the good news?"

"Lay it on me."

"Jay and I are getting back together. We made love in the bathroom of his hospital room."

'Kyle, that's way beyond awesome. I'm so happy you didn't give up on him." He replied through the tears. "We need to go out and celebrate."

"Cool. I'll pick you up in an hour. Later!"

 Chapter 22 Two months later...

Doctor Foster walked into Jayson's room. "Good morning, Jay. How are you feeling?"

"I must admit, better than I have in quite awhile."

"That's good. Do you feel up to going home today?"

If the million-megawatt smile that lit up Jay's face didn't give Doctor Foster the answer to his question, the excitement that danced behind Jay's eyes would have.

"You're kidding, right? I thought we had more work to do. I'm still having nightmares."

"And you will for some time to come, I'm afraid, but you've reached the point where I feel that it would be beneficial to see you as an outpatient, rather than an inpatient. Being home in familiar surroundings will help the recovery process immensely at this point."

"I guess. It will be awesome to be back home, but it won't be the same." He said upon reflection.

"Why do you say that?"

"Having separate bedrooms wouldn't be the same as sleeping next to Kyle every night." He said cautiously, unsure of whether or not Doctor Foster knew they made love in the bathroom, nor if Kyle saw it as a one-time thing.

"And you're going to be sleeping in a separate bedroom because..." He prompted.

"You don't actually believe he will allow me to sleep in the same bed with him, do you?"

"You're right; I don't believe he'll allow it". He continued, noting the crushed look on Jay's face. "I'm quite positive he'll insist on it. He can't wait for you to come home and resume your relationship."

"Is it possible after all of this?" Jay asked hopefully

"Why wouldn't it be?"

"Walking into your living room and catching your lover of five years getting fucked in the middle of the floor is something that is not easily overlooked or forgotten."

"I had a feeling this might come up. Listen to this." He got out a tape recorder and played an interview between Kyle and himself.

"Kyle, with your permission, I'd like to tape our conversation, and if the situation warrants, play this tape for Jayson."

"Okay." He replied. Jay's heart skipped a beat at the sound of Kyle's voice.

"We've discussed the situation between you and Jayson at length. What do you see happening in your relationship with him?"

"Doc, it kills me that he's here and I can only see him for a few hours a week. I want him home and in my arms where he belongs. I want him to make love to me so bad that it hurts."

"What about his cheating?"

"We've been over that several times. I understand he only did it because my life would be in danger if he didn't cooperate. I can't tell you how much it means to me that he would go to such lengths to protect me. He wasn't cheating on me. He was being raped."

"Why do you say he was being raped?"

"Because he was forced into it. He had no other choice."

"But he could have gone to his supervisor about it."

Kyle snorted. "His stupidvisor, as he calls him, is such a homophobic prick that he would have fired Jay and had his security clearance revoked. There's no way he could do that. No, he had no choice. The local cops wouldn't have helped either. The Police Chief wouldn't have allowed that." There was no mistaking the certainty in his voice.

"So I'm guessing you want to pick up your relationship where you left off?"

Kyle didn't hesitate a second in responding. "Absolutely" he said vehemently.

"And if Jayson is not ready?" Doctor Foster's tone indicated that it was a very real possibility.

"I'm willing to wait for as long as it takes. It would hurt to have him sleeping apart from me, and not wanting to touch me, but it would hurt worse for him to not be there at all."

"Are you sure?"

"Don't doubt it for a second. I love him and am committed to spending the rest of my life with him if he'll have me."

Noting the tears rolling down Jay's cheeks, he stopped the tape. "Do you still question whether Kyle wants you back or not?"

His reply was hoarse and choked with tears. "No. When can I leave?"

Doctor Foster glanced at his watch. Eleven o'clock. The lunch trays will be passed out shortly. "I'll call and arrange for him to pick you up after lunch." He held out his hand to Jay, who not only took it, but pulled Doctor Foster into a grateful embrace.

"Doctor Foster, how can I even begin to thank you for everything you've done for us?"

"Seeing you and Kyle back together is more than enough thanks for me. But an invitation to your wedding would be nice."

"You'll be the first one invited!"

"You're lunch is here. I'll see you in an hour or so to go over your release instructions with you." With that, he left Jay to his lunch, went up to his office and called Kyle.

"Kyle, its Doctor Foster. Jay's going to be released today and I need to talk with you about what needs to be done. Please call me when you get this message. 555-8732. Thank you. Bye."

Later that day, Tommy arrived with Jay. Having been given a key in order to take care of the place, feed the fish, etc., when Kyle and Jay were away, he unlocked the door and let them both in. They stopped dead in their tracks at the sight of the shambles the usually immaculate house was in. Tommy flashed back to the day he found Kyle after he had been raped. "KYLE?" he called out.

"What's going on, Tommy? The place has never looked like this before." But Tommy was already frantically searching throughout the house. Returning to the living room, he started to call nine-one-one when the doorbell rang. Jay looked through the peephole before opening the door to admit Agent Hunter.

"Erik? What brings you here?"

"Jay! It's nice to see you up and around. I'm here to talk with Kyle." He looked around the room. "What happened here?"

"I think something's happened to Kyle. His jeep, bicycle and roller blades are in the garage and there is no sign of him." Tommy said, frightened.

"He'd never allow the house to get into this condition. Shit, he'd bitch me out if I left dirty dishes on the coffee table for more than a couple of hours."

Agent Hunter got out his cell phone and called for a forensics team to immediately start processing the house as a probable crime scene. He looked at Tommy. "And who are you?"
