 Part 2 The festival

"What." I stammer a reply trying to think he couldn't have seen me surely not. 

"Dude gay." Mike says looking at Paul in disgust for asking the question. "Why would you ask that." 

"Im just fucking with him." Paul laughs but he is looking at me strangely or am I imagining things. It had been a couple of hours now since my first gay experience and just thinking about it was turning me on again. I need relief quick. 

"Im off for a shower." I tell the group who are setting up the tents in the campsite we have paid a little extra between the 5 of us so we have a nicer area at the festival that includes showers and toilets. I grab my stuff out the car. 

"Are you not going to help set up?" Tony shouts at me. 

"Hmm nope." I say. "Not after you pulled that stunt on me you prick." The group laughed at that.

"Fair enough." Laughed Tony. "Chuck a few beers over at least."

I hand out the beers and sink one of my own then head off to the showers. 

The shower stalls were busy and there was only one space left at the end cubicle. I stepped in and locked the door the cubicles were set like your typical bathroom there was a large gap round the bottom of the stall so you could see the feet of the person next to you if they stepped close. 

I pulled my top off and then my shorts down and my cock popped free. It was semi erect I let out a sigh. It had only been a few hours since I had cum but I was ready to go again. I grabbed my cock and began to stroke it gently. Just picturing Euans ass in my lap again was getting me hard. I flicked the shower on and let the water flow over me. I leant back against the wall and continued to stroke my cock. I heard the door open in the next cubicle as its occupants changed jolting me back to reality. 

I looked up at the ceiling and realised that in the light, the plastic ceiling was reflecting the rows of cubicles. You couldn't really see the end ones but my immediate neighbour was clear as day. He was still stripping of for his shower. He had removed his top and was in the process of removing his jeans. He was clearly strong and well built as his broad shoulders showed. My cock sprung up in excitement. "Fuck." I thought to myself. How can I be enjoying this so much what has happened to me. Once he had removed his jeans he flicked on the water and started to peel of his boxers. His firm ass clearly showed, not as big and plump as Euans yet still prominent and more muscular. As he straightened up I got the first glimpse of his cock. It looked good and pubes were trimmed short like my own. He stepped under the water and I continued to perve on my new shower neighbour. My cock pulsed in my hand begging me to stroke it as he began soaping up. I looked down at my pulsating dick comparing it to his I gave it a few strokes. Feeling a twinge of jealously at how much more girth he seems to have.

I look back up and straight into his eyes the steam blurs his features but he's looking straight at me. "Oh shit" I think my eyes looking away and hand shooting across to the shampoo I set out at the start. He's looking at me, is he still, I look up and meet his eyes again only this time his hand is on his penis. Stroking it. He smiles, I look away again but my cock gives me away as it pulses. The steam has begun to rise in the room and this time as I look up my view has gone. I set about shampooing my hair too confused to think what I should do. Was he jerking off to me. 

I grab my cock again and begin to stroke it even more turned on knowing the guy next to me is doing the same thing. I wasn't ready for what happened next. I hear it at first and assume he's dropped his soap. I see his hand on the floor searching under the gap in the cubicle. I don't move but he says nothing clearly making sounds to get my attention. "So its like that." I hear a firm yet masculine voice and the hand disappears. What the fuck I begin to think to myself but before I can reply. I see his knees appear under the gap followed by his thighs and then his crotch and firm fully erect cock appear under the gap. I don't know what to do but I don't want to lose the sight in front of me. Its gorgeous and pointing straight up. Like a magnet my hand glides down to it. I kneel in front of it and grasp it with my right hand. I begin to stroke it up and down. I hear a light moan from under the cubicle. I don't know what I'm thinking next but I lower my mouth to his cock. 

What am I doing. I'm not even in control of myself any more and I slide my tongue over my first cock. I slip my lips up and over it and take it down my throat. The moans come louder from next door. I begin bobbing up and down on his shaft. I pull it out with a popping sound and begin to lick it again right from the tip down to his balls. I suck them into my mouth and wank his cock with my hands. I go back to sucking him again and before I can decide what I'm gonna do next I feel the first string hit my throat. It fills my mouth and before I know what I'm doing I have swallowed it all down and still sucking his seed out. I have officially sucked my first cock. The dick disappears from me and I assume the same position he had under the gap. My hard cock exposed under the partition. I make a noise yet feel nothing. I hear the water switch off next door and hear a familiar voice "thanks mate." He says and the door to the cubicle next to me opens as I scramble back to my feet. Was that Paul my head is scrambled, it sounded like Paul, fuck, fuck, fuck. Why is my cock still hard I need too quickly blow my load. My head is fried from today's events and now I think I just blew one of my best friends.