 Welcome to part two of my story. Read and enjoy Like the first chapter any suggestions and comments can be sent to the address in my profile.

* 

I slowly awoke with my hunk of a cop spooning me once again; I could always wake this way. Just think two days ago my life took such a turn from boring to awful as my apartment was burned down, now apparently it wasn't an accident which concerned me a lot and really should have me more worried than I am but how could I feel anything but peace and security in the arms of Theo.

With my head resting on his chest, I run my fingers through his hair wondering when he will wake so we can start the first day of a whole new life. Last night was amazing! It was all I have dreamed of and I want so much more, I want him to wake. 

"Mmmmm good morning David."

"I've been waiting for you to wake up, it's about time."

"Sorry, I'm not much of a morning person." With that he leaned down and kissed me on the forehead. 

"That just won't do Theo." 

I got up and straddled his chest pinning his arms behind his head then leaned in for a full kiss. Unlike before he opened right up and kissed me back with the love and intensity that sent shivers down my spine then directly into my already hard cock. I reached back and massaged his hardon through his boxers until I wanted more. I wanted his cock so badly once again. Slowly I broke our kiss and moved down his body, gently kissing his neck and broad shoulders on the way down. Past his left nipple which I nibbled on and pulled his chest hair slightly until Theo let out a small moan of pleasure.

"I love you David."

The effect those four small words had on me will never subside. He could tell me that every day for the rest of our lives and it will still mean just as much to me as it does now!

"I love you too, Theo."

I couldn't tease him any longer, besides I wanted to taste him so badly. I moved to the bottom of the bed and kneeled between his legs to worship my officer the best way I knew how. Slowly, I pulled off his boxers to reveal a good 7'' uncut cock. I pulled his skin back exposing a throbbing round head which I took it into my mouth and began sucking lightly until his breathing got a little deeper, then I took it down to the hilt in one motion ,but I couldn't hold him there. I gagged slightly and had to withdraw to a more comfortable depth. Remember, I hadn't done this since my ex had drained by bank account. Although, I was a little rusty I still had him writhing in pleasure and moaning my name. That is always such a turn on! Hearing someone call your name in pleasure knowing that you are causing it. He was getting so close and just before I drew him over the edge I stopped quickly, leaving his cock throbbing and bobbing in the cool air wanting more. Odd I thought, why doesn't he precum? Am I doing a good enough job? I wanted to taste him in my mouth so badly. After leaving his cock, Theo gave a loud moan of protest, until I moved to his balls, taking one into my mouth and sucking lightly on it, then the other. I lifted up his right leg then the left pushing them to his chest. He got the idea and held himself up exposing a fur covered ass to me. He's lucky I thought to myself that I have a bit of a fetish for hair because he had quite a lot. So I began an exploration with my tongue, down his hairy sack and spreading his ass I dove in and found his puckered hole. When I started licking at it and sucking lightly Theo was moaning and rolling slightly in pure excitement so I pushed my tongue in his hole and sucked his ring.

"Oh my god David, no one has done that to me in years."

I could tell, the way he was just laying and whimpering as my tongue darted in and out of his relaxed hole. This was great. I had him at my disposal, moaning my name.

"Please David finish me off I can't take it any longer."

I pulled my tongue from his hole and let his legs drop, then taking his cock as far down my throat as was comfortable while making swallowing motions and inserting my index finger into his relaxed hole. Even though he was very relaxed he was still so tight, it makes me wonder if he has ever been fucked. Just as I thought that, he arched his back and blew his cum deep into my throat, swallowing fast to keep up with the flow. When his orgasm subsided and his breathing went back to nearly normal I asked. 

"That was great Theo but I noticed two things, first why don't you precum? Finally have you ever been fucked before?"

"For no real good reason David I don't precum during sex, but usually after my first orgasm if I keep going I will." "Also...... No I have never been fucked before, my last and only boyfriend was a bottom only and after I broke it off with him I have never been with anyone else until you." 

"Would you let me fuck you?" With that I reached down and pushed my finger back into his now tight hole, He flinched slightly. 

"N-not now David"

"Awww Theo" "How about we just go and shower, You stink."

Theo got up from bed and went to the bathroom, slowly I got up and followed him. By the time I made it there he was already shaving. I went behind him and shoved my rock hard cock between his legs and whispered.

"Have you forgotten about me?"

"No, I just have better things to do." He gave me a wicked smile and turned back around to the mirror and pretended to ignore me.

"Oh, I don't think so." I grabbed him by the waist and turned him around quickly; I just looked into his deep green eyes and gave him a quick kiss, my rock hard member firmly pressed into his pubic hair. 

"Don't tell me you would leave me without me blowing my load? I can always just do it myself in the shower but where's the fun in that?"

"Ha, I can't have that now." I put my arms on his shoulders and pushed him down to my now throbbing and leaking prick. He took his time by licking up and down my shaft, sucking up a huge drop of precum and teasing my head with his lips. I let out a long and soft moan, I couldn't help it he was just so good and his mouth was so warm. In one movement he took my cock right down his throat and held it there, making swallowing motions, he does this so well I thought but when I tried to tell him that all that came out was a deep groan of pleasure. I was mere seconds away from climaxing when he spit out my cock and stood up.

"Oh! why would you stop like that?" 

"Maybe it's because I like to tease you?" Theo and I are about the same height, me being taller if anything but he has plenty of muscle mass against me but that doesn't mean he can leave me like that. 

"We will see about that." He had turned back around facing the mirror, I pushed him over against the counter top, and he was in a ninety degree angel, ass completely exposed. I was so turned on from his teasing I was leaking more then enough precum to fuck him, or so I thought. As I placed my cock head against his tight hole I pushed forward quickly, a lot too quickly and my head popped into his warm and very tight hole. I was expecting a moan of pleasure or a gasp of delight, that is the effect on me when someone especially him spreads my hole and fucks me but I was not expecting what happened next. ""Oh Fuck!"" His muscles flinched and contracted, his head was jammed up against his chest and he grit his teeth. 

"Pull out, Pull out!" He was serious, I pulled myself from his tight hole and stood there as he was doubled over in pain lying on the counter top. How could I have forgotten...... he has never been fucked before and I didn't even try to relax him, how could I be so thoughtless? That really must have hurt. He may have been such a strong man but he looked up at me with a crinkled face and a hurt look in his eyes.

"I''m sorry, I had forgotten." 

"It's ok David it wasn't all your fault" 

"Yes it was and I really feel bad for hurting you." I was planning on getting to my knees and sucking him off until the pain subsided but I looked down and his hard cock had gone flaccid so I just climbed into the shower and washed up. I left the shower and went into his room to borrow some more cloths.

----------

I knew David didn't mean to hurt me; he was just caught up in lust and the heat of the moment. It's also partly my fault, I'm 24 and gay, I've had a boyfriend but I have still never been fucked, not once, hell it hurt badly enough when he shoved one of his thick fingers into me. As he got out of the shower and dried off, he didn't look at me. He just left and asked what I would like for breakfast. 

"Do you know how to make French toast?"

"Sure" 

"Eggs and bread are in the fridge, help yourself."

I''m afraid things are going to be a little awkward when I go to breakfast, O well things have been worse. For now a good shower will do me good. 

---------

The way to a man's heart is through his stomach. So I start making the best French toast of my life and freshly squeezed orange juice. The whole while trying not to think about what went down in the bathroom, I''m sure if I pretend it never happened he will too, well at least I hope.

"Mmmm smells great!" 

"It''s pretty much done too, sit down and I'll serve." We didn't really make too much eye contact during our meal and I was wondering what to do for today. Apparently he didn't have to work or he would have left already.

"So...... What is planned for today?" 

"Well I was thinking that we should clean out a room for you, and go pick up your things." My heart sank to the lowest it could be. After what happened last night and this morning he is still making me my own room? Why can''t I sleep with him anymore? O no...... what if it was because of what happened earlier in the bathroom. I really didn't mean to hurt him and now look at what's happening. This is going to be a long and hard day. At the end of it I get to go and sleep alone in a cold bed, I'm not looking forward to that at all.

"Do you mind if we take a swing by my parent's house? I need to pick up a few things from there too." 

"Sure that's no problem, so what room do you want?"

"Ummm I'll take your office and maybe we can put your things into the living room?" 

"Sounds good to me." After breakfast we get into Theo's truck and head off to my parents home and my storage box. It's not a long drive but I fell asleep within 10 minutes so I wouldn't know.

"Wake up David, were here." I looked out into a large field with different buildings surrounding the property. I find box 126 and open it. 

"Ok, help me load up any extra clothes, my old television, and DVD player and anything else really that would go with my new room." 

"Sure thing David, how about this old sofa?" After he said that, he threw himself on it, arms crossed over his head and legs spread. I could see a definite bulge. He just closed his eyes and relaxed. If this wasn't inviting what could be? I just moved over to him and lay on top of his hot body and brought my face to his.

"I really love you, yaw know that." He opened his eyes slightly and looked right into me.

"I love you too David." 

"You say that but why do you want to set up a room for me? I thought that I could just sleep with you." 

"Oh, of course you will be sleeping with me; I wouldn't have it any other way. I just want to make a room so it looks like you DON'T sleep with me." 

"Is that such a bad thing?"

"Well yes, I don't want anyone knowing I'm gay." 

"Besides me and your last boyfriend of course......does anyone know you''re gay?" 

"Nope and I want to keep it that way......" 

"Are you ashamed of who you are?" 

"Not so much ashamed, but scared, I'm very happy with my life as it is"

"Alright." I got off of his body and walked to the other side on the container. I have so much to think about, not only about the guy who's trying to kill me but, Theo...... so far in the ""closet."" How is our relationship going to work? Will I ever be able to show him affection in public? Will he even tell his family about me? Friends? Marriage?? I'm getting that tightening in my stomach again. 

"Is that ok with you? I do love you David, but I don't want to risk anything" 

"It is ok with me, but we need to talk about that later."

I was just so happy that I would be able to sleep with my hunky cop instead of a cold bed alone I didn't care much about his problems of being known for who he is, for now anyway. 

"We will David, We will." We finished packing up his truck with all the things that would be needed to pull off the ""lived in"" room look. 

"So, you said you need to go to your parents?" 

"Yeah, they live just 10 minutes away so if you don't mind I would like to pick up some other things and more of my old clothes." 

"That's fine just show me the way."

We drove all through the city then out to the other side. Past some old houses and into a country, I remember this from my childhood. We finally drove up to an old style house, rather large and covered in vines. 

"This is it."

"Wow, your house is beautiful." 

"Not as beautiful as you are." I gave him a quick wink and got out of the truck making my way to the door, with Theo right behind me. I was greeted by my father, a good looking man in good shape, but unlike me he had brown eyes and brown hair with grey on his temples and scattered throughout his head, I think it just makes him look more handsome. 

"So David is this young stud your new boyfriend?"

I froze in spot not to mention Theo did also.

You see my father is now openly gay after several years with my mother. They had been pressured into marriage by my grandparents. Even though my father was gay he followed through with it. A few years later I was born, rumors are that he is not actually my father, but I don't care I love him. He can also be very outgoing and comments like this are a regular part of life now. 

"Err yea dad."

Theo was still standing there with a blank look on his face. I was worried he would pass out but he caught himself and spoke. 

"Umm hello, Mr. MacAlester, pleased to meet you." Theo extended his hand, but my father just pushed it aside and moved in for a hug. A still stunned Theo just hugged him back lightly and pushed away after a short time.

"Well, David I have set a lot of your things out, but some are still packed away in the attic." 

"Alright, dad and thanks again." 

"No problem, how about you get your stud there to start loading the truck and I can have a word with you in the kitchen." Theo still looked stunned, he looked so cute, but he nodded and started loading the truck while I followed my father into the kitchen. 

"So David how did you meet him?" 

"How do you even know were together?" 

"It's simple, a father knows." 

"Well dad, Yes we are together, I think at least." 

"So how did you two meet?" 

"Well, I told you about my apartment. I needed a place to stay and was going to be shipped off to an over crowed house or to his place. You can guess the choice I made."

"Well, he's a very good looking man. Lets hope he doesn't pull the same shit Sean did." 

"No, he would never, I love him and he loves me." 

"That's great, I wish I could find a good man to settle down with. Weekend fuck fixes just won't do for much longer." 

"That's more than I needed to know dad......" 

"Well you two just have a good time and be careful this time David, I don't want to see you hurt anymore. You should really try the ""saying no"" trick to see how much he cares for your opinion and feelings, just a thought." 

"I will dad and thanks again." 

I went outside to find all my things already packed. Theo had done a wonderful job and I had a little bit of explaining to do.

"Don't worry Theo he is gay also and very outgoing at that. He means no harm really." 

"I know. It's just that it makes me feel worried when someone else knows I'm......gay." 

"You will need to get over that." 

"I think not." 

"Come with me Theo I have something to show you." 

We walked through my old yard and into a wooded area, with lots of large trees that made it shady and cold. The weather will be turning any day now from warm to brisk then cool then finally freezing. We made it to a small circle of trees and my old tree fort about 15 feet off of the ground.

"This use to be one of my favorite places when I was a boy. I use to have friends here for weeks at a time. It's also the first place I had sex with one of my friends. I think I was 16 at the time. We were just messing around and decided to experiment." 

"Sounds fun."

I slapped Theo on the ass and climbed the rope ladder. 

"Well? Are you coming?" 

"I don't like heights David." 

"Well that's your loss isn't it, I feel frisky."

I gave him a wink and turned into the fort. It was well build with complete walls and a roof. A large tarp covering it all so it was water proof. I had put a lot of work into it. I went to an old trunk and pulled out a blanket and laid it across the floor. 

"You don't know what you're missing Theo," I yelled. 

I herd some grumbling and complaining then he threw his arms over the floor of the tree fort and pulled himself in. 

"This better be worth it."

I went to him and threw my arms around his neck and whispered, "I promise you, it will be."

I undid his jacket and pulled it off and started unbuttoning his shirt, as I stripped him he shivered.

"Damn it's cold, David." 

"Don't worry; it will be warm enough very soon." 

I closed the small fort door and lead him to the blanket; He sat down and grabbed at my belt buckle. As he undid my pants and pulled them down to my knees I had finished stripping him and he lay before me naked. It was only a short time ago I would have just dreamt about scenes like this but now he is mine and I can be with him. I had forgotten about the cold and I dove in kissing him on his lips, then his neck, shoulder, chest, nipple and stomach. I went to his cock, kissing it, watching it twitch. Licking the sides and base, going back to the tip and sucking very lightly and licking his slit. All the teasing and playing had forced his eyes shut and moans of pure pleasure to escape his lips. 

"Oh, David, let me fuck you?"

I stopped licking his cock long enough to nod my head then went back on him. He got up and pulled me to my hands and knees then went behind me, I could feel his breath on my ass as he spread my cheeks apart and blew warm air on my hole. Sex with Theo has been so gentle and loving so far (besides when I tried to fuck him) so maybe it was time to get aggressive. I grabbed his hair tightly and pulled his face into my ass. 

"Lick my hole!"

His voice was mumbled but he did as I had said, he started licking and sucking on my ass. He tried to pull away but I grabbed his hair tighter and pulled him back. 

"You will do as I say, you hear me?"

He mumbled again so I pulled his face from myself and said it again. 

"You will do as I say, you hear?" 

"Sure" 

"No, say yes sir!"

He stood up a bit and tackled me. 

"So is that how you want to play? I can do better than that." He roughly grabbed my hair and pulled my head back and spit on me.

"Now I'm going to fuck you, yaw hear? And if I were you I wouldn't resist, it might hurt a bit."

"Well, Theo you would know about the pains of being fucked wouldn't you?"

I gave him such an evil look; he just looked back at me and moved slightly, I could feel his hot cock at my opening 

"If this gets too much for you bitch, just say please stop sir."

I nodded slightly and he pushed forward very fast and hard. I was impaled on his cock in one push, right to the hilt. The pain was pretty intense but thanks to his tongue I was lubed up enough to make his cock slide in and out of my ass rather easily. He did not give me time to adjust to his mass; he just started fucking me hard and fast, balls slamming into me. I couldn't help it; I let out a very load shout and a deep growl. That just fueled his pace and he sped up slamming me harder and harder. I was moaning and cry out with every hit.
