 After the blowjob and finger thing I received from Larry, I wasn't sure I could even walk, but I knew we had to get going. Dad might ask questions about what happened to us if we didn't show up at a reasonable time back at camp.

We shortened our hike so we could still enjoy a leisurely pace back. During this time, when any change in the trail demanded an adjustment on our part, Larry would just sort of naturally and casually put a hand on my shoulder, or the small of my back, or even give me an "innocent" boost on my ass to help me along. I got those same ambivalent feelings about this mildly sensuous contact. On the one hand, I was still spinning from the thought that a man might make me feel the same way that girls had in the past, while on the other I was feeling just sort of warm and comfortable inside every time he touched me.

We arrived back at camp and everyone acted cool. Dad was oblivious, even though Larry continued to keep me wound up with that incidental contact every chance he got. We made it through the usual ritual with dinner, cleanup and star watching by a campfire. The only really strange thing was once, when Dad was distracted somehow, Larry actually slid his hand down the back of my pants, pressing a finger way down my crack. Then, while sort of squeezing everything, he said softly in my ear, "Don't forget; I have a special treat for you tonight". I was a little stunned and a little dense at first, but then it slowly dawned on me that Larry intended to continue somehow what he had started this afternoon when he had a couple of fingers up my butt while giving me that glorious blowjob. I was apprehensive, to say the least, but realized that we were already way over that line and that I might as well accept the fact that I had really enjoyed Larry's "treats" so far.

We got our showers and turned in pretty early. In no time Dad was snoring away again in his end of the trailer. I lay there apprehensively, wondering if and when Larry would "make his move", or if his touching and comments had just been some sort of playful teasing that I had misread. Just then, Larry started things off more or less like he had last night. He moved his hand over onto my lower abdomen and began rubbing slowly back and forth, moving under the elastic and ever so slightly closer to my penis with each stroke. Once he was definitely brushing the root of my penis, he moved his hand to cup my penis and balls. He grasped everything in his hand and began that wonderful soft squeezing motion. I was so hard already I was beginning to leak that clear pre-cum stuff.

Keeping up his ministrations, Larry tugged on my briefs. I realized his intent, raising my hips and helping slip my briefs down, kicking them off completely. Larry then sort of tugged and pressed on me, whispering "turn over on your side" into my ear. In a total state of abandon, I immediately did as he asked, without question. I was ready to do for him whatever he asked. I felt Larry sort of snuggle up to my back with his chest and stomach pressed against my back and something large, solid and warm lying down along the crack of my ass and thighs.

I thought I felt something a little wet too as Larry backed away so that he could begin to rub the head of his enormous dick up and down the crack of my ass. It felt really tremendous. At some point everything became quite slippery. Larry must have that same clear stuff coming out of his penis, only more so, judging by how wet everything was getting. By now, Larry had the huge head of his penis plowing the bottom of my crack, up and down, making delicious contact with my butt-hole on each stroke. It felt wonderful. Even though his penis had to be as hard as a fencepost, the head felt wonderfully warm and soft when he would let it linger at my hole and press slightly on each trip up and down my ass.

By now I was rubbing myself profusely and wondering just where this was going. On the next stroke "up", Larry left his penis resting just above my hole and I felt his hand caressing my butt cheeks. He pressed a fingertip against my clenched hole and just moved it back and forth across the sensitive flesh there, slowly getting everything to relax in response. Having learned a little from our earlier play, I was able to fairly quickly relax enough for Larry's finger to get in past the point of resistance. When it did, he began a delicious motion of sort of hooking and twirling his finger around the tight muscle getting it to relax even more. Then he left one finger in and began inserting another beside it, again taking his time and stimulating the nerve endings to the point he could have his way. Larry continued with the two fingers for the longest time, twirling around, thrusting in and out, occasionally picking up more of the slippery stuff from the head of his penis still pressing softly into my crack.

Then, when I was totally accustomed to what he was doing and delirious with the sensations, I felt a third fingertip pressing to insert itself though the tight muscle of my hole. He hadn't tried that this afternoon and I was sure I could take no more. While Larry had been amazingly slow and gentle, I was already stretched more than I thought possible. Still I didn't protest, trusting Larry completely. I focused on relaxing and "helping" Larry as much as possible. After a time, much to my surprise, and with only the occasional clenching of teeth, Larry had three fingers completely inserted in my hole. He had them sort of clumped together and sliding in and out of my hole ever so slowly. The sensitive nerve endings there were going nuts with the sensation of being penetrated over and over. It felt so good I was pretty sure I would cum soon even though I had long since stopped touching myself.

I felt Larry withdraw his hands at the same time that he began pressing on my back, obviously to get me to roll over on my stomach. When he made contact with my ass again I could feel him rubbing and smearing something greasy or slippery all in and around my hole. It made his fingers slide in even easier and soon he had all three ravaging me deliciously again. Just as I was really falling into Larry's rhythm, he stopped and withdrew his fingers. Before I even had time to consider what was happening I felt Larry throw a leg over me just below my hips. Then I felt what was unmistakably the head of Larry's penis, this time pressing dead center on my newly loosened hole. Nonetheless, perhaps due to my recollection of how it felt filling my mouth earlier, I clinched tightly just as Larry pressed firmly against my hole. Larry leaned over my back and whispered in my ear, "Push out hard, sort of like when you go to the bathroom". I did what Larry said just as he increased his pressure slightly. I was totally shocked to feel the enormous head of his penis sort of slide by the tight place at the outside of my hole. However, the shaft of his penis behind the head felt twice as big and I sort of let out a little groan as it pressed to stretch my hole way beyond what Larry had done with his fingers.

Larry stopped there and began to just oscillate his penis slightly back and forth, gaining a little more ground with each stroke. I recovered enough from my mixture of panic and sensory overload to remember the "pushing" thing. I began to push out for Larry each time he made one of his slight thrusts forward. We began to sense each other's rhythm and eventually Larry had gotten to a point where the larger part of his shaft was definitely penetrating my ass. I was delirious. The sensation of having my asshole stretched was an incredible combination of pressure, slight pain and the most intense pleasure I'd ever felt. I thought that was as fantastic as anything could feel, then began to notice, on top of all that, the immense sense of fullness inside me as Larry's huge penis began to actually fill me up inside.

Remembering this afternoon Larry's penis had appeared to reach nearly to his knee, I wondered just how much of it he would or could force into me. It felt to me like Larry's penis was already reaching nearly to my stomach. At some point, I felt Larry hit some definite resistance, creating a slightly painful dull ache deep in my belly each time he pressed against it. I groaned again as Larry must have sensed he had "bottomed out". Then Larry began to withdraw his penis in one ever so slow stroke. The feeling of so much of his veined length rubbing past my tight outer muscle was so glorious my head started spinning and I really almost fainted. I must have been hyperventilating through most of Larry's withdrawal. As Larry reached the end of his long tortuous backstroke I focused on getting my breathing back as nearly as I could to normal. Just as I stopped seeing stars and thought I might get control, Larry reversed direction and began just as slowly to fill me up again. This was the most intense, heavenly sensation I had ever felt. The feelings around my hole from the friction, together with the pressure throughout my abdomen as Larry filled me up again until he just hit that little aching spot again, were incredible.

As I gained control of my breathing and got past the fear of literally passing out, Larry began to repeat the long complete thrusts over and over. He went very slowly at first. Then I began to realize he was picking up speed slightly with each stroke. Eventually he was ramming me fairly quickly and forcibly. The sweet dull ache that I had first felt just at the end of each stroke now became one long wonderful sensation as his enormous thing filled me so quickly with each thrust. The wonderful feelings mixed with the little achy feeling as he plowed into me reminded me a lot of the spasms I felt when in the throes of an orgasm. Just as I had that thought, I actually exploded into an orgasm without even touching myself. 

This had the effect of making me clench tighter around Larry's penis, which made the sensations of his assault even stronger. This, in turn, made the orgasm still stronger. I ended up cumming over and over with more force than I ever thought possible, all the while being ravaged very forcibly now by Larry. I saw stars again and was outside myself with pleasure. I simply never thought anything on this earth could feel this wonderful. In the midst of all this Larry groaned suddenly and I felt my hole stretch even more as I swear I felt his cum shooting against me deep within my bowels. After a time Larry just collapsed his sweaty body across my back and sort of enveloped me, breathing raggedly against my neck. 

Larry stayed deep in my ass and softened only slightly. It must have been the aftereffect of all the excitement, but I actually drifted off for a few moments. Then I woke up to the sensations of Larry wiping up the slippery stuff from my swollen and tender rear end. He then pulled the covers up over me, patted my ass softly, and rolled over leaving me there to rethink all that had just happened before drifting off again.