 Leander couldn't help staring at the pretty boy in the corner. Every time he smiled his stomach tightened he was something else. But they were from different social standings. Leander, for short, was one of the schools most popular boys, waist length blonde hair, toned, ice hockey captain and gorgeous in a soft feminine way. He could have any girl he wanted and knew it. Along with Frank and his little group of henchmen they were loved but the girls and younger years and feared by most of the boys. Frank was the school stud, he used his social standing to sleep with as many as he could and was often sleeping with many of the bimbos at the same time. But there was also a dangerous edge to him, he was a bully, those different or those Frank simply took a dislike to got hassled. 

Frank's main victim was the pretty boy Lion couldn't tear his eyes off. He was always pushing him about and being mean to him though the other took it well -- he never gave Frank any satisfaction in knowing it was affecting him. 

" Are you listening? No you're not. What you looking at?" Frank asked him, snapping his out of his thoughts.

" Uh? Oh, the drama people." Lion told him.

" Bunch of fags." Frank sneered. 

" Hah, yeah." Lion forced a laugh and glanced at them one last time, the boy Lion had been looking at raised his head and met Lion's eye for a split second before turning away.

" What's he looking at?" Nick hissed as he saw Lion glance at Trevor.

" No idea. Frank's probably talking about us." Trevor shrugged. He fiddled with his hair while Nick scowled in the direction of the others, he wasn't afraid of them, he'd had many an argument with Frank when he'd been harassing Trevor. " Just ignore them." Trevor said softly, he didn't want any more confrontations. Frank's insults and shoves had progressed to full beatings which made the poor smaller boy have to hide the bruises from his parents with layers of make up -- this gave Frank even more fuel to bully him. 

Frank and Lion next encountered Trevor and Nick when they were coming down the same corridor but opposite ways luckily it was pretty empty so Nick managed to get past, Trevor however was grabbed but Frank causing him to drop his books.

" Alright fag?" He hissed.

" Falmer! Here now." Luckily for Trevor a teacher was behind Frank and saw his little attempted attack. Frank stormed into the room while Nick helped pick up his books. Lion went over and looked at them.

" You okay?" He asked.

" Why the fuck would you care?" Nick snapped.

" Nick it's okay." Trevor said softly. " Let's just go." Lion watched them walk off feeling helpless. 

-

Over the few weeks he noticed that Frank spent a good amount of his time harassing Trevor for no reason and he felt worse and worse. Trevor was polite and quiet, he was intelligent and cultured -- he didn't deserve any of Frank's torment. When his friends were around him they were always happy which led lion to believe he was a very nice person and he wanted to find out, but he knew he'd have no chance because he was the enemy. 

-

Lion walked home, he'd had an ice hockey meeting so he was later than usual, as he turned the corner he saw a crumpled figure sitting by a wall. He recognised it as Trevor and walked up to him. Trevor looked up and scowled.

" You okay?" Lion asked, noticing with horror the blood that was being mopped up from his nose.

" Just peachy." Trevor muttered. Lion shrugged his bag off and sat next to him he was saddened to see Trevor flinch away.

" Frank do this?" Lion asked softly.

" Yeah." Trevor nodded, not looking at him. 

" Are you far from home? You can come to mine." Lion offered looking at his full pink lips.

" No I'm about a minute away." Trevor said quietly. They both stood.

" You sure you're okay?" Lion asked. Trevor nodded mutely and grabbed a bag before heading off. Lion sighed and took his, slinging it over a shoulder lazily and walking to his home.

It wasn't until later on that evening he went to look for something in it that he realised it wasn't his bag, for one it was far to tidy to be his. He pondered for a moment and then realised that he must have picked it up by mistake when he was with Trevor. Trevor would have noticed by now and was probably worried. He wondered if he could go looking in it -- he decided yes but just to find a contact number. He eventually found a diary and in the front was Trevor's mobile number. He tapped out a message and sent it.

Hey its Lion got your bag by accident -- want to collect it tomorrow before school?

Lion then wandered into the kitchen to make something to eat, he found only half a bag of pasta and grumbled to himself, but made it nevertheless. He wondered if he'd get a reply or if the shy one would ignore it. He sat on the sofa with his pasta and watched some cooking program to pass the time. He was in the kitchen when he heard a vibration from the lounge. He went in picked up his phone and smiled to himself. A message from Trevor flashing at him.

Okay. See you in the morning.

He wasn't sure why, but the message pleased him somewhat. He grumbled to himself and sat down. His folks were away at business, his mom would be back that night but leaving again the next morning, Nile was at his Dad's and he didn't want to spend time with Frank. He wasn't lonely; he just wanted company, even better if he could fuck the company. He thought of phoning Spider but shook his head, their relationship was over -- their friendship wasn't but Lion wanted release now, feeling his cock stir at the though of Jason. Sighing he headed to his room with Trevor's bag.

He lay on his bed and rubbed his face. The thought of phoning a bimbo for a shag hung on his mind for a split second. He laughed it off imagining some redhead with a big rack spread for him on his bed and him just staring with no idea what to do. That'd go down well. He'd had a lot of sex but it was never divulged who with. His current statement was that he wanted to stay single for a little while. 

He thought of his last sexual encounter, full red lips around his cock focussing all the attention on the head, tongue expertly rolling over it, tongue bar adding a whole new sensation, soft hand stroking his sack. God he'd kill for that now. Before he knew it his hand was down his loose jeans and holding his erection firmly. He groaned to himself thinking back to past fucks, to past wanks to anything that'd get him off. He stroked his length slowly; the other arm over his eyes, and thought of all his past lovers. He settled on the one he always settled on, Jason, and began to stroke himself faster, he knew exactly how to handle his cock to bring him off fast or slow or not at all. But today he wanted to come. His cock twitched as he thought of his attractive friend, big dark Spanish eyes, long neck, slim body and a great ass. But no matter how much he thought of him the image of Trevor's full pink lips arose in his mind, making his cock swell and respond to his strokes. He moaned out loud as the conflict took him and was shocked to find himself coming with Trevor's name on his lips. 

" Oh fuck." He muttered. " What's wrong with me?" He didn't even know Trevor so why was he getting so turned on? He wiped his brow and grumbled more, feeling the warmness on his belly rapidly cooling down. Standing he headed to the shower feeling confused.

**

Trevor walked up to Lion's yard and glanced at the house, it was large but not pretentious. He'd heard that both Leander's parents were high-powered businessmen and that the pretty blond was often alone. Maybe that was why he always was rumoured to be shagging some bimbo. As he walked to the door it opened and Leander's mother stepped out. She smiled at Trevor and held the door open for him, shouting up to Lion that he had a guest then went to her car. Trevor stood in the hall and glanced around. The house was quiet and almost perfect, it didn't look lived in. The walls were adorned with art from around the world. He glanced up the stairs as Lion stumbled down them with a towel round his waist rubbing his eyes sleepily.

" Jesus Trevor" he grumbled " what time do you call this?" Trevor shrugged and tried to keep his eyes off the toned body, he put Lion's bag down on the floor. Lion was really something, there wasn't an ounce of fat on him, and he was all toned and rippling. Trevor let his eyes wander quickly. Lion eyed up his bag and looked at him. " There's like and hour and a half before school. Why do you go so early?" Trevor shrugged again. " Is it to avoid Frank?" Trevor nodded. Lion sighed. " If I make you a coffee will you tell me what he does to you?" He asked.

" If you put some pants on." Trevor smiled very softly. 

" Deal." Lion disappeared off up to his room, leaving Trevor to browse some of the photos on the walls. There were many of Lion as a child; Trevor noticed he'd always been attractive. He got to one where Lion was covered in mud; he smiled at it despite himself. " Cute huh?" Lion came back down with a grin. He walked into the kitchen and flicked on the kettle. " Want something to eat?" He looked into the fridge. " We have...well. Nothing" Lion frowned. " Instead of expensive gifts I sometimes Mom'd buy food." Trevor felt a tang of sympathy for him. Lion handed him a cup. " So talk to me." He lit a fag and sat opposite him, taking a drag and watching Trevor, he was very pretty, even under all the make up he wore.

" Not much to say really." Trevor shrugged. " Frank hates me for some reason. He started off small with insults and such and now it's full-scale beatings." Trevor looked sadly into his cup. So, so pretty. He felt his cock twitch and thought back to the night before momentarily. 

" I'll talk to him. Ask him to ease off a bit. I can't promise anything -- you're just going to have to trust me. Can you do that?" Lion asked Trevor looked unsure. "Well, you're just going to have to learn too." Lion flicked ash into the ashtray on the table.

Trevor smiled sadly, trusting Leander would be so hard. He was too close to Frank.

" I don't want to sound ungrateful, but why would you care about me?" Trevor asked.

" Because I never realised what a bully Frank was." Lion exhaled a cloud of smoke. " He was always an arse to Spider, I just thought that it was jealousy, but in reality Frank is just mean. If I had known he was hurting you sooner I'd have done something then. I have never hurt you have I?" Trevor shook his head. " So, you going to try to trust me?" 

" Yeah." Trevor nodded. " I guess." 

" Super." Lion beamed and stood. " Shall we get going?" He went to get a shirt and brought Trevor's bag down with him.

-

" Frank." Lion said softly as the two walked to the hockey rink. " Think you could lay off Trevor for a while? He's near breaking point." 

" He's a fucking fag." Frank scowled.

" He's still a person though. Just for a while yeah?" Lion looked at him hopefully. 

" You care too much." Frank sighed. " Just for a month or so." Lion smiled at him. Maybe he was wrong about Frank.

****