 Trevor's parent's never brought up the topic of Frank's little outburst. They took it as just something to cause trouble so they glossed over it. Though it still niggled on their mind. But bringing something like that up with Trevor would be hard. He'd been very neurotic on the topic of relationships since the incident with his uncle so they didn't mention them, sure he'd talk when he was ready. At the moment they were just happy that Trevor wasn't being bullied and had some good friends.

"Are you going to tell your parents about us?" Lion asked one morning. Trevor yawned sleepily and nuzzled into Lion's chest. "Well?"

"Yeah." Trevor nodded against him. "I just don't know how to." He hated this topic, he wanted so much to tell his parents how much he enjoyed being with Lion but he was scared of how they'd react. Scared they'd think that if he were gay he'd have led his uncle on. He ran his fingers down Lion's body and found him hard, which wasn't surprising. He felt Lion inhale as he ran his index finger up his erection.

"Oh no, you're not avoiding the topic by distracting me!" Lion rolled him over. Trevor giggled and tried to wriggle from underneath him. Lion leant on his elbows and looked down at him, smiling at his beauty. Trevor scowled when he saw him chuckle to himself. 

"What?" He frowned.

"God, you're even pretty when you scowl." Lion dropped his head to kiss him, loving that the slim body arched to meet his, lips parted in open want of attention. Lion leant lower so he could rub Trevor's chest, teasing his nipples as he lightly traced his tongue over his lips. "Mmm." Lion kissed him. "You've got such gorgeous lips." He sucked the bottom one softly. "I want them to feel them around me." He felt Trevor's cock twitch against his own.

"I don't know how." Trevor blushed. Lion smiled and kissed him more, taking off his and Trevor's boxers as he did so. Lion pushed the bedclothes back and moved them to the centre of the bed, kissing Trevor softly as he did. Trevor watched as Lion moved to lie with his head at Trevor's crotch. He nuzzled against his erection for a moment then smiled down at Trevor.

"Just do what I do." Lion saw Trevor hesitantly hold the base of his cock, unsure of this new act. Lion took Trevor in his mouth and began to suck at him, licking the head of his cock lazily. Trevor was a good student and learned fast. He was soon sucking away on Lion's thick member like he'd been doing it his while life. He felt Lion work a finger into his ass and moaned around Lion's cock, making the blonde's cock twitch approvingly. Lion's tongue bar felt so good that Trevor found it hard to concentrate on sucking – the fingers in his ass were also a big distraction. Lion looked down and saw Trevor gripping him tightly, mouth millimetres away from his cock, obviously so distracted. Lion smiled around his cock and worked in one more finger, he'd be ready soon, he pulled his mouth off Trevor's cock and heard him groan. "Can I have you?" 

"Yeah." Trevor said breathlessly. Lion slid up behind him and kissed the back of his neck, sliding his fingers into him again. Trevor tensed and he saw him grip at the bed. "That's what he did." Trevor said in barely a whisper. Lion instantly removed himself and pulled Trevor to him, not wanting to ruin the mood. 

"Sorry." He kissed along his shoulder – Trevor didn't seem that upset – or turned off. "Here." Lion sat on the edge of the bed, pulling Trevor to him. He gently lowered him onto his cock, Trevor wrapped his legs around Lion's waist and held his shoulders, and Lion held him tightly and began to thrust upwards into that warm body. Trevor rested his head on Lion's shoulder rocking his hips to meet his lover's thrusts. Lion had worked a free hand to Trevor's erection and was stroking it. "You feel great." Lion moaned into his ear. "You're so beautiful." Trevor snuggled closer, feeling his orgasm building. "I love you Trevor." Trevor snapped his head up to look into Lion's eyes.

"What..? Oooh..." Trevor's eye fluttered closed as he came onto Lion's chest. He placed his head back on Lion's shoulder and thought over what Lion had just said. Had he really just said 'I love you'? He felt his insides warmed by Lion's seed and snuggled even closer. Lion tipped them to lie back on the bed. Still inside Trevor. Trevor smiled at him and felt his heart beat. "Really?" Lion looked puzzled at him and Trevor thought it must be the sex talking. "Do you love me?"

"Of course." Lion kissed him. Trevor's face lit up and he smiled. "Very much."

"I've loved you for so long." Trevor said quietly and cuddled up to him. Lion smiled and put his arms around him. * * 

"Oh come on." Lion pulled Trevor towards him and smiled. "What's one little kiss?" 

"Not outside! Or so close to home!" Trevor squirmed away.

"Go on!" Lion grabbed his hips and brought him closer. "What's the worst that could happen?" He kissed along his jaw and to his lips, they met softly and Trevor's eyes fluttered closed. He felt Lion kiss down to his Adams apple and tightened his hand in his hair.

"Hello Trevor." Mrs Charleston said cheerily as she walked past.

"That." Trevor frowned. "She's bound to tell Mom." 

"So?" Lion shrugged – hand still on Trevor's ass. "You're not ashamed of me are you?" 

"No, not at all." Trevor smiled at him.

"Well then." Lion raised an eyebrow. "Give me some tongue." Trevor squealed and tried to pull away but Lion had him tight so he let Lion kiss him tenderly, sliding his tongue into his mouth. "Don't worry about your folks huh?"

"I wont – I'll tell them tonight." Trevor fiddled with his hair.

"Want me to come?" Lion asked.

"No, I have to do this alone." Trevor smiled softly.