 (Sorry for the double post guys! Rob x )

*

Trevor walked across the schoolyard towards the main buildings. His stomach tightened with fear as he saw Frank. He carried on hoping Frank would just spit some insults at him and leave it at that. But today Frank meant business He grabbed the much smaller boy by the shirt and threw him against the wall. Trevor looked at him, terrified but all he saw behind Frank's eyes was madness. He knew this was bad. The comfort and safety he'd felt with Lion all slipped away when Frank threw the first blow. It snapped Trevor's head back and split his lower lip. Frank glared at him but Trevor wouldn't fight back or even give him the satisfaction of crying. The blows reigned down on the small boy and Trevor was faintly aware of seeing Spider before a blow that split his eyebrow knocked him out.

Spider had been running an errand for his tutor when he came across the horrific scene. Frantically he called Nile and yelled for him to get there, he tried Lion while running into the school but he couldn't get hold of him. He ran through the office and burst into the Principle's office.

"Jason, what's wrong?" The Principle asked, normally he'd be angry at such a rude intrusion, but by the look of Spider's white face this was serious.

"Frank's beating up Trevor, there's blood all over..." Spider ran back outside as the Principle scrambled to get people. When Spider got back outside he was relieved to find Nile restraining a crazed Frank.

"Check Trevor!" Nile yelled. People were gathering at the windows now, frightened faces looking at the lifeless form on the floor. 

"Trevor?" Spider crouched by him, wiping blood from his face with the front of his shirt.

"Jason?" Trevor groaned.

"Yeah." Spider got him up. "Come on you, let's get you away from all this. You're with friends now." Nile abandoned Frank, who fled, to help move Trevor. 

"Fetch him in." The Principle ushered them into his room. They sat Trevor on one of the plush leather couches. "We'll need statements from you two." Nile and Spider nodded. "What lesson were you in Trevor?" Trevor looked up at him blankly.

"Drama?" Nile guessed. Trevor nodded mutely and Spider was sent to tell Miss Staff what had happened. He jogged over to the drama hall whilst furiously sending a message to Lion. He got to the drama hall and walked in.

"Hello." Miss Staff said cheerily her face dropping when she saw the blood that was on Spider's shirt.

"It's Trevor." Spider said, that was all he had to say. Miss Staff rushed back over with Jason. They found Nile sitting outside the office tapping his foot impatiently.

"Do we have to wait here?" Nile asked Spider. "Can't we get after Frank?" 

"I'll call for you at some point today, stay in the common room." The Principle said not wanting to have another fight happening, they sloped off grumbling. 

Trevor was still slumped in the plush leather couch where he'd been placed. He'd weakly fended off any attempts at medical assistance and resorted to pressing a towel at his eyebrow. He sat in silence trying to figure out where hurt most, he settled on everywhere. The dream like voices of the teachers trying to phone home and fuss floated to him as if they were far, far away.

"No answer from home." "Does he need and ambulance?" "Shall we call the police?" "Are Nile and Jason contained?" "Any news on Frank's whereabouts?" 

"Leander." Trevor said weakly, almost to himself. He wasn't aware he said it out loud. Just as the Principle was going to ask if Leander was involved he burst through the door.

"Trevor!" Lion gasped when he saw him and took a step towards him. Mr Walter, the Principle, blocked him. "What's going on?" Lion glanced from Mr Walter to Trevor.

"Do you know anything about this?" Mr Walter asked the puzzled looking Lion.

"What the hell?!" Lion scowled.

"Mr Walter." Miss Staff spoke up. "I doubt very much Leander had any involvement in this." The tension between Lion and Mr Walter vanished and Lion went over to Trevor who stood to let Lion hug him. 

"Jesus Trevor you're a mess." Lion tried to brush the blood-matted hair out of his eyes. "Fucking Frank. He's pushed it too far this time." He looked at Trevor's eyebrow. "That needs stitches." 

"This time?" Mr Walter asked. "How long has this been going on?" 

"Forever. It started with just insults and the odd shove. Then the odd punch. I found out and me and Frank had a ... uh...talk and I thought it'd stopped but he was making Trevor hide if from everyone with threats that it'd be worse. So we had another talk and it stopped for a little while. Now this." Lion explained. "Has he shown you his ribs?" Mr Walter shook his head. "Show them." Trevor shook his head and wriggled away. "Stop being a woman and do it." Lion demanded and for the first time since that attack Trevor smiled. Lion grabbed him and tugged up his shirt and the teachers all gasped at the ugly mass of red, green and black.

"Where are your parents Trevor?" Mr Walter asked.

"Away on business." Trevor mumbled. "I'll give you the number." He scribbled it down and Mr Walter dialled it. He explained down the phone briefly what had happened. "You'll be back tomorrow morning? What shall we do with him until then? Yes, we're taking him to hospital now. Is there any relatives he can stay with?" Mr Walter looked to Trevor who had his forehead in Lion's chest.

"He can stay with me." Lion said, not taking his eyes off Trevor.

"He will stay with Leander. Okay? Okay. Yes, I'll see you tomorrow." Mr Walter hung up. "Now. To the doctors."

"I'll take him." Miss Staff offered and went to get her car keys, she promised to tell Nick that he was okay. She returned and looked at Trevor. " Right. Are we off?" Trevor nodded and stood by her, he glanced at Lion who was standing uncomfortably, chewing a nail and plotting how to get back at Frank. "Do you want Lion to come?" Trevor nodded again. Both Leander and Miss Staff looked to Mr Walter. "Is that okay?" 

"Of course it is." Mr Walter smiled.

"I suggest you find Frank before Mr Autori does." Miss Staff said to him and shuffled the boys out.

--

Luckily Trevor just needed two stitches in his eyebrow. While he was getting them done Lion sat with Miss Staff who placed her hand on him.

"You've shown yourself in a new light, don't ruin it with a fight with Frank." She said softly.

"I'm going to kill him." Lion growled. 

"No, no." She shook her head. "Trevor loves you for the nicer side of you, not the Frank like thug you could be. Don't let him down." 

"Ack. He doesn't love me." Lion frowned. "Does he?"

"He's head over heels. You can tell by the way he looks at you; by the way he wouldn't let anyone else near him bar you. Don't say you don't feel the same. I've seen you watching him in rehearsals." Miss Staff smiled.

"I do feel the same." Lion smiled back. " He's special."

"You'll all be so much better off without Frank in your lives." She patted his hand.

"Think he'll get suspended?" 

"I doubt he'll be allowed back. They have been trying to get rid of him for ages. I doubt Trevor's parents will take it lying down."

"His Mum will cry." Lion said. "His Dad will just sit there and not say much." 

"Do they know about you two?" Miss Staff asked.

"No, not yet. We've not been together long. They know I'm his friend and look out for him but that's it."

"They would always be talking about you in drama." Miss Staff chuckled. "Well, Nick and Nathan. Trevor's always been quiet. Nick knew you were after him a long while before he did."

"He's a quick one." Lion laughed. "And not afraid. He always would stand up to Frank. Probably why Frank chose to bully Trevor so much." Trevor appeared beside them, most of the blood had been washed from his face. Both eyes were black, his lip was swollen and he was bruised all over.

"Luckily the bruising is worse than the damage." The nice nurse said. " Physically anyway. I hope whoever did this gets punished." 

"Oh, he will." Miss Staff nodded. They went back to the car park. "I'm taking you to mine for lunch then back to yours Lion." She hoped Frank had been caught but just in case he hadn't she wanted to keep Lion away for as long as possible in case he tried to find him. The drive was silent and relaxed, Trevor just stared ahead. They went into Miss Staff's house and she sat them at a table while she made them soup then went to phone the school. Trevor hadn't spoken to them since the car ride to the hospital and it made Lion feel uncomfortable, it was almost as if he'd hit him.

"The purple really brings out your eyes." Lion reached for his hand. Trevor's abused face brightened and he smiled.

"I look awful don't I?" Trevor asked sadly. 

"Not at all." Lion shook his head.

"Right boys." Miss Staff came back in. "Mr Walter is at Frank's house and there is going to be a meeting tomorrow with Trevor and his parents." Trevor and Lion nodded. She drove them back to Lion's house. "You look after him, yeah?" Lion nodded and smiled.

"Thanks Miss Staff, for everything." Trevor smiled. "Will you tell Nick to drop by?" 

"I will." She nodded. "See you later." 

"I probably should have got some clean clothes." Trevor mumbled.

"You can shower and wear some of mine." Lion offered. Trevor nodded and went to the stairs. "Hey." Trevor stopped and turned round. Lion slid his arms gently around him and gently kissed his cracked lips. They kissed softly for a few minutes until Lion pulled away softly. Trevor grumbled and nuzzled his neck. "If I kiss you anymore I'm going to want to do things to you I don't think you're ready for." Lion whispered. Trevor nuzzled close and kissed him again. "Are you sure?" 

"Yes." Trevor smiled. "All that's happened recently just lets me know you're right for me." He looked shyly at Lion. 

Lion kissed his forehead. "Now, let's get rid of that virginity huh?" Trevor giggled and nodded. Lion took his hand, kissed it and led him upstairs to the bedroom. "You must tell me if you want to stop." He sat Trevor on the bed and sat next to him, kissing him deeply. Their tongues slithered against each other softly and Lion gently began to peel the blood stained clothes off his smaller lover. Trevor pulled Lion's shirt over his head and let it fall to the floor as Lion pulled him to lie next to them, hands finding soft skin to stoke and touch. Lion slid his hand down Trevor's back loving the girlish curve to his ass; he squeezed his ass softly and inched down the grey boxers to leave him completely naked. He saw how hard Trevor was and felt his own member swell; he loved the other's arousal. He contemplated just sucking Trevor's cock for hours but Trevor was prepared for something else and he couldn't disappoint him. Trevor's hands had found Lion's crotch and were stroking his length through the material, their tongues clashed and Lion slid his boxers off so he could feel Trevor's erection against his own. The delicate hand of Trevor was stroking his own cock. Lion stroked his thigh before gently tracing a fingertip to the entrance to his body, when he pressed against the resistant ring of muscle Trevor's whole body tensed. Lion groaned at the tightness around his cock but regained himself to soothe Trevor "It's okay, don't worry." They kissed more and Lion let himself enjoy Trevor pumping his member for a while. He reached over to his bedside cabinet and got out a tube of lubricant, he squirted some into Trevor's hand and placed it back on his cock, hissing at the cold and warm pleasure that ran through him.

"Mmm." Trevor nuzzled against Lion's neck, kissing it softly. Lion placed some more of the cold liquid on his hand and returned to toying with Trevor's ass. Gently, very gently he slid the tip of a finger into him, Trevor tensed but relaxed and let him slide it all in to the knuckle. His breath was fast and Lion knew it was fear more than arousal so he gently turned him over onto his back and began to suckle on a nipple. Trevor's toes curled with pleasure and his cock twitched as if to demand attention. Lion couldn't resist and swallowed it while trying to prepare Trevor. Trevor moaned out loud at both sensations and didn't even notice Lion inserting another finger. Lion scissored them gently and inserted a third. His own cock was red hot and aching for release. 

"Ready?" Lion asked breathlessly. Trevor nodded. Lion separated his legs and grasped his own cock, positioning it at the entrance to Trevor's body. He pushed softly knowing his cock was a lot different than three fingers. Trevor had tensed involuntarily, his eyes wide with the terror of flashbacks. Lion lent down to kiss him and the familiar scent washed over Trevor, bringing him back to the room. He lifted his hips softly. Lion managed to get past the resistant ring and into Trevor's warm, tight, so tight, little body. He gave him a few moments to adjust and observed the naked, aroused body in front of him. Cock hard, nipples hard, lips swollen from both the beating and the kissing and he felt his own cock twitch. Trevor mumbled happily obviously feeling it inside his body. Lion slowly pushed the rest of his impressive length into Trevor, always checking on him and giving him time to adjust. When he was fully in he settled between his legs and kissed him, flicking a nipple as he did so.

"Feel good?" Lion asked. Trevor nodded. Lion began to thrust softly; he gently took Trevor's cock in his hand and began to stroke it in time with his thrusts. Trevor's arms were round Lion's neck, his head on the pillow revealing the length of that swan like neck. Lion kissed it and thrust a bit harder. He wanted to nail Trevor into the mattress but knew he couldn't. Not yet. One arm of Lion's was under Trevor's shoulder, holding his head so he could look into those dark eyes. Trevor smiled up at the god like Leander. His cock was stretching him so wide, he felt so good, he never thought in his wildest dreams he'd end up on the end of Lion's cock. He dropped his eyes to see Lion expertly stroke his own cock and felt another rush. He wouldn't last long, he knew it. But he didn't want to ever stop feeling Lion moving in and out of his body because it felt so damn good. "God, Trevor." Lion moaned kissing him with that very warm wet mouth that had brought him off not so long ago. That very thought was just enough to tip him over the edge. Lion felt Trevor tense and arch his back as he came; he carried on stroking him as the white jets coated Trevor's flat stomach. The tightening of Trevor's body around his cock finished off Lion who moaned Trevor's name into his ear and flooded his body with his come. Lion took a few breaths and gently pulled out of Trevor. He took him in his arms and held him, ignoring the come that was being pushed onto his body. "You okay?" 

"Yeah." Trevor answered with a smile, his face was flushed. "Thank you." 

"What for?" Lion laughed.

"Making it special." Trevor ran a hand through the blond hair. Lion smiled at him and stroked his face. 

"You are special." He said softly. "You're also sticky." 

"And whose fault is that?" Trevor raised an eyebrow. Lion smiled widely and hugged Trevor again. Trevor cuddled him for a bit then went for a shower.

Trevor let the warm water wash over him. He glanced down at the ugly bruising that covered his ribs and frowned. 'In time they will face' he thought to himself as he washed his hair 'it's a new start for me'. When he was out of the shower it dawned on him that he had no make up or hair care products. Lion would see him as he'd never seen him before. He sighed and brushed his hair, parting it then going downstairs to find Lion who was lying on the sofa. He glanced up, looked shocked then sat up and turned to look at him.

"Wow." He eyed up Trevor. "You look good." 

"Do I?" Trevor sat by him.

"Yeah." Lion put and arm around him. "Your hair looks nice like that." Trevor settled next to him and leant into his chest. A few minutes later he was asleep, the toil of the day finally catching up with him. Lion flicked on a daytime television program and gave Spider a ring to let him know how the day had gone. 

Lion gently moved Trevor to answer the door. Trevor stirred and woke to see Nick coming in, he smiled.

"Well look at you." Nick sat opposite him. "Don't you look rough?" 

"Cheers." Trevor laughed.

"No problems." Nick leant back. "You're the talk of the school." 

"I bet he is." Lion came in with some drinks.

"Me and Nathan washed the blood away." Nick took a cup. "Nile and Jason stayed with us all day because they were worried the other thugs would come after us. It was like having our very own bodyguards." 

"Nile was pretty outraged." Lion nodded. "He has a soft spot for you." He prodded Trevor.

"So what happens now?" Nick asked.

"I'm staying here tonight and tomorrow at nine I have a meeting with the principle and my parents." Trevor told him.

"Good. I hope they give Frank what he deserves." Nick said, looking at his abused friend, he'd seen him like this so many times. Hurt and scared and was happy to think it might all be over. Nick stayed with the two until late into the evening before returning home. Lion stretched and put an arm around Trevor.

"Early night?" He yawned.

"Okay. We have to be up for Mom and Dad, they're coming at eight." Lion nodded. They went to his room and prepared for bed, cuddling up under the duvet. Trevor stretched and rolled onto his side, feeling Lion spoon up behind him and stroke his stomach. As soon as his fingers brushed Trevor's skin Lion knew he wouldn't be able to get to sleep. He softly nuzzled his neck and placed soft kisses there, Trevor felt the stiff cock pressing against his ass and turned to Lion with a smile. "I guess you're not sleepy anymore?" 

"Not when I have a half naked you in my bed." Lion purred into his ear sliding his hand down to Trevor's waistband.