 "Trevor." Lion shook him gently. "Wake up." 

"Unf." Trevor turned over.

"Come on." Lion poked him.

Trevor turned to face him with a frown. "Leander it's early." 

"Thought you might like a shower." Lion stroked his forehead softly, Trevor nuzzled into his hand and smiled, he sat up and yawned before stumbling over himself to get to the bathroom. He glanced at his reflection in the mirror and scowled. "You okay?" Lion was leaning on the doorframe. 

"I look horrific." Trevor told him and turned the shower on. "How can you love me when I look like this?" 

"Very easily." Lion smiled. He left Trevor for a short while then crept back to the bathroom, watching the slim figure behind the green patterned glass. He shed his clothes and slid in silently behind him. Trevor gasped and turned to him in shock when he felt Lion's skin on his own, Lion kissed him and trailed his kisses down his neck feeling the warm water falling against him. Trevor put his arms around Lion's neck and hugged him, feeling his warmth and strength against him. Lion traced his tongue over Trevor's soft lips, sucking the bottom into his mouth gently as he caressed Trevor's back. Trevor allowed Lion to kiss and fuss over him; he enjoyed the attention of someone whose only intention was to give him pleasure. Soon the blonde's hand had wrapped itself around his cock and was stroking him. Trevor felt warm kisses being sucked into his neck and watched as Lion ran his hand over his ribs, not even caring about their purple colour. He smiled to himself and then gasped out loud as Lion began to work his way into him once again, Lion looked up from kissing his neck to check everything was okay. 

Trevor wriggled about, sliding his wet self over Lion and turning him on immensely. Before Trevor knew it he was lifted and wrapped his legs around Lion's waist, he felt Lion's thick member at his entrance and relaxed himself to allow it to push into him, biting his lip as the pleasure pain stung him. Lion gently edged him down and let him get used to the feeling once again, when he was satisfied that it wouldn't hurt he began to thrust up into Trevor's tight ass, watching the pleasure spread across his face. Trevor's head was leaning on the tiles, his big beautiful eyes shut, and his lips parted slightly, warm water coursing down the right side of his body. Lion groaned happily as he saw the beauty of his lover – and it was all his. He leant Trevor on the wall slightly so he could bring him off with his hand. He heard Trevor moan very quietly, he was such a quiet boy, Lion intended to spend one day just making him scream. He felt the boy tighten up and watched as he began to come into his hand, softly splattering his own stomach, the warm water carrying it away, Lion thrust a few times and himself came deep into Trevor. He rested his head on his chest while he got his breath back and then gently lifted Trevor off his cock and stood him up, cuddling him close. Trevor, quiet as usual, snuggled close before happily washing Lion's hair. 

--

"Oh my baby!" Trevor's mother gushed over her beaten son. "What has he done to you? I'll never go away for the night with your father again!" 

"I'm alright Mom." Trevor reassured her. His Dad didn't say much so Trevor looked over to him nervously. "Hey Dad." 

"Hello Son." He smiled. "The colour of your cheek is the colour I want to paint the lounge." Trevor laughed and went over to hug him. "This is odd, you seem like a different Trevor. I thought you'd be a wreck." 

"This little incident may have got Frank kicked out of school for good. We're all rather hopeful." Lion said.

"You're a great influence on him." David said. "He's got a lot to thank you for." Lion smiled over at Trevor. "So, shall we get going to school?"

They drove to the school, making small talk along the way. Once they were there Lion excused himself from the office.

"To be honest we'd like you to be there," Mr Walter said, "if that's okay with you two Mr and Mrs Cole?" The parents nodded happily.

"You give Trevor a certain confidence that he might just need today." Miss Staff said smiling. They sat in the Principle's office, across the room say Frank's parents, his mother looked pale and gaunt.

"Mr and Mrs Cole, this is Mr and Mrs Falmer." The Principle introduced them. "Trevor – show them your bruises if you would." Trevor looked hesitantly to Lion who nodded. Trevor stood up and pulled off the sweater he was wearing. Both mother's hands went to their mouths. Mrs Falmer was shock and Mr Falmer was disgusted. Trevor's mother began to cry and she stood to hug him. "As you can see this is the extent of the beatings that is a result of years of torture. We have no other option to expel Frank from this school, effective as now."

"Totally understandable, it will be military school for him." His Dad nodded, "I am very sorry Trevor, we had no idea."

"I am so sorry too." His mother shook her head. "We knew he was a bit bad, but we didn't know he was this evil. Will you fetch him in? I want him to apologise." Miss Staff left the room and returned with a very pissed off looking Frank. "Now young man, apologise." Trevor had put his sweater back on but was still standing. Frank stood and faced him. He glanced a tense looking Lion out of the corner of his eye. They made eye contact and both scowled. Frank hated having to apologise, especially to this fag.

"Sorry..." Frank growled, "that you're a fag." Before he knew it he was pushed up against the wall of the office and Mr Walter was trying to drag Lion off him. 

"Leander, come on, don't let him wind you up." Mr Walter hushed him and Lion stepped away. 

"You" Frank pointed at Lion "only care because you're fucking him, don't you act so high and mighty. You're no better than I am." Again Mr Walter and this time Mr Cole held Lion back.

"I think we better leave." Mr Falmer stood, forcefully shoving Frank out of the office. " Once again, Mr and Mrs Cole, Trevor, we are so, so sorry." The family left and the office became quiet. Trevor felt his cheeks burn and looked up to see Mr Walter with a hand on Lion's chest just to keep him at a distance. 

"He's such a bastard." Lion snarled. 

"Don't you worry," Mr Walter said softly, "he's gone now, and he wont be back." Mr and Mrs Cole stood. "Mr and Mrs Cole, thank you for coming today. I really wish you had told us sooner Trevor, I know you were scared." Trevor nodded, feeling sick to his stomach that Frank had sunk so low to yell out their secret.

"We're glad that it's sorted now." Mr Cole said, they went into the foyer and waited for their son.

"I'm sorry I couldn't stop it earlier." Lion said softly to Trevor.

Mr and Mrs Cole went out into the foyer and Mr Walter kept Lion behind.

"You can't blame yourself for Frank's actions." Mr Walter told him gently. "Obviously you have something special with Trevor at the moment but don't think your main task is to protect him. You've already done wonders from him. His confidence is soaring and your attendance and grades are up so you're both good for each other." He smiled. "You'll go far if you stay like you are now." 

"Thank you Sir." Lion nodded and smiled.

Mrs Autori looked up as Lion came in, half expecting Jason to be with him, so when she caught sight of the bruised young boy she was rather stunned.

"Hey mom." Lion grinned.

"Hello stranger." She hugged him. "You okay?" Lion nodded. She then glanced at Trevor who was by the door.

"This is Trevor." Lion waved in his direction.

"Nice to meet you Trevor." She smiled.

" Hi." Trevor smiled back nervously. Lion went to get some drinks and let Trevor sit on the sofa. Lion's mother wasn't stupid; she knew that Lion only brought home pretty boys to meet her if he was sleeping with them.

"Trevor huh?" She smiled.

"Yeah. He's nice." Lion took some squash from the fridge and avoided her – for some reason he was blushing.

"Leander Autori!" She laughed. "Are you blushing? You are! You never blush. He must be really special." 

"Yeah he is." Lion nodded, cursing himself for getting flustered.

"So what happened with Jason?" She asked.

"Oh, it ... didn't work out." Lion shrugged.

"I'm sorry to hear that." She frowned. She knew that Jason was probably the only person Lion had loved on a deeper level than sex. 

"Yeah, me too." Lion smiled sadly and went back to Trevor.

"How long have you two been dating?" Mrs Autori asked, sitting opposite them. 

"Not long a month or so." Lion said, not phased at all. Trevor was surprised at Lion's honesty. Mrs Autori excused herself to go shopping leaving the two alone.

"You're very open with her." Trevor commented.

"Yeah, always have been." Lion nodded.

"How did you...come out to her?" Trevor scooted closer.

"I brought my first boyfriend home and nervously introduced him to my parents." Lion smiled fondly at the memory. 

"What did they say?" Trevor cuddled into him.

"Nothing really. The next day they sat me down and gave me the safe sex and AIDS talk and that was it." Lion shrugged.

"Did you always know you were into boys?" Trevor fiddled with Lion's hair.

"Sort of. Girls never interested me." Lion smiled. "You know when you're a toddler and you happily kiss girls? Well, I kissed boys." Trevor laughed at this. "Because I'm not too much of a girl no one thought I'd turn out to be a - as Frank would say – fag." 

"I'm glad you did turn out to be one." Trevor giggled and Lion hit him with a cushion.

-