 Note: This story does not revolve around a quick sex scene, so if thats what you're looking for, this story isn't right for you.

Hi guys, I'm back with a new story. This will be slightly different from my other stories and I hope you give it a shot. As always, all feedback positive or constructive criticism are accepted. 

There will be a total of 11 chapters in the series, and they all should be coming out within the next 2 weeks. Enjoy.

----------------

Will looked across the forest laid out before him as he took a deep breath, inhaling the woody aroma of spruce and pine. He sighed in content as he took a seat on the hill he was standing on. Sunlight streaked across the treetops, rays of light catching on the slight mist that blanketed the forest, mingling between the leaves. Besides the slight rustling of leaves caused by the artificial breeze, all was quiet. Some might find the stillness of the forest a little unsettling, but Will relished it. After all, the only thing bad that could happen in this forest was tripping and getting a cut or two. It was probably the safest forest you could have ever been in.

Will loved coming to the forest, a change of scenery from the normal futuristic and metallic environment that was his city, Lunaris. State of the art and almost completely automated, nature just didn't fit in amidst the electrical gadgetry. 

Will gazed across the treetops, the forest continuing a couple of miles before coming to an abrupt end, a wall of glass preventing any further advancement of the plant life. The glass of the dome, almost completely flawless except for a few obvious scratches, stretched over the entirety of the forest, encasing it in a controlled environment for optimum growth and health. Will stared out at the darkness of space just beyond the glass, seeing Earth looming in the background. This Earth however, didn't have the blue seas and green lands that Will learnt of in his studies, instead replaced by a planet with whitewashed land masses and frozen oceans; a mass graveyard for the billions of people not fortunate enough to be chosen for Lunaris. 

The year was 89 P.M. or post migration. 89 years after the mass migration of human civilization to Lunaris, the city on the moon. A colony that spread across the entire surface of the moon with the sole purpose of preserving human existence. To prevent the extinction of the human race. 

It was the year 2057 when the migration took place, but preparations started three years prior. Rising global temperatures were what prompted the development, although it was a massive volcanic eruption that set it into overdrive. Operations and developments were spearheaded by the Highland corporation, a company that specialized in research and development of all types of fields, from medical advancements to mechanical engineering. Their main focus however was gene therapy or genetic modification. For three years, infrastructures were set up on the moon, mass transport crafts built to ferry the people to their new home. The greatest minds in the world pooled their assets and worked for the highland corporation, for the greater good of the human race. 

Two months before the migration, that was when mount Poruvia erupted. Nobody could have anticipated it. Mount Poruvia basically appeared overnight, somewhere along the pacific and although little was known about the new volcano, it was really active. It was no later than a week after its formation that the eruption occurred, the biggest in recorded history. The ash plume was so big, sunlight was blocked out in most parts of the world, causing temperatures to drop due to the decreased sunlight. Ironic how all this was in preparation of rising temperatures but dropping temperatures was what it was for in the end. 

Of course, not everyone on Earth could be brought to Lunaris due to limited resources. It was decided that only the genetically superior, people possessing genes with favorable characteristics that were to be chosen. Genes that would benefit the human race should the need for repopulation of the Earth come around. Genes coding for increased immunity, physical endurance and mental capacity to name a few. Controversial as it may be, people with any medical condition, past or present, were excluded immediately while family trees that possessed none were required to undergo genetic testing. There were, of course, the rich who thought that they could buy their way onto Lunaris, but with the Highland corporation solely in charge of determining a person's eligibility and money not being high on their list, these bribes were denied. 

A total of 700 million people made the journey to the moon, while the rest of the world were left to die on the freezing planet. There were some backlash on Highland's methods but after all that the company had done, these were few and far between. Most understood and accepted fate as it came. The lucky people who got chosen settled into their new life on Lunaris, with the Highland corporation as a sort of government.

Life on Lunaris could be called a utopia so to speak. Crime is non-existent, everyone is afforded whatever is necessary for a comfortable life and, although laws and rules are abundant, are all mostly for the good of the entire colony. Some might say such a life is ideal, but others want more than that. William 'Will' Harrison was one of those people. 

A third generation Lunarision, all he knew was life on Lunaris. Sure, he was comfortable with his life, but he never felt connected to the place. He always felt that the more automated Lunaris became, the more unfeeling Lunarisions became, more like machines than humans. That was why he liked coming to the forest. It was a place he could escape the machines and see how nature was, to make him feel human again. 

Will closed his eyes, enjoying the time he could do this, for it wasn't long before he knew he would no longer be able to. His 21st birthday was coming in two days and it was time for him to become a contributing member of the colony. It was mandatory for everyone on Lunaris to get a proper education, a good fourteen years of time to get a fair amount of knowledge, starting when the child reaches the age of seven.

The first seven years of education are spent with theory of everything and anything. Everything you needed to know about every job and facet of life on Lunaris was taught through a system called the cognitive knowledge transfer or CKT. It was a very efficient method, basically turning humans into computers. Electrodes transfer huge amounts of information through nerves, which are then converted to images within the student's brain. During the process, drugs are pumped into the body, improving cognitive functions, which helps the brain cope with the huge amounts of information. 

The next seven years are hands on. With the theory and knowledge, students are tasked to put their knowledge to use in a practical environment. Under the guidance of teachers of various vocations, students are taught the ins and outs of every job on Lunaris. From musician to healthcare worker, jobs are classified as either sustaining or preserving. Sustaining jobs helped the colony function while preserving jobs are there to preserve human culture and history. After fourteen years, before you're 21st birthday, a test was taken assessing a students affinity for any specific job, skills and talents all contributing to the final decision of integration on Lunaris. 

A test that Will had just completed that morning, so a trip to the forest seemed just about right for him. He needed to get his mind off the prospect that this was the time for him to become an adult. The time that he needed to start thinking about the good of the colony rather than goofing off every now and then. To get over the anxiety of not knowing what job he would be stuck with for the rest of his life. 

Will was never one to follow the path laid out in front of him, always wanting to find out more, learn new things, change things up every now and then; A personality trait that didn't fit in the order and conformity that was Lunaris. However, no matter how much Will wanted life to be more carefree and unscripted, he knew that things worked as they were and thinking that it was going to change was foolish. Yeah, he may not have liked the idea that he would soon fall into the monotony of work, but he needed to do what he needed to do. 

As he lay on the hill with his eyes closed, it somehow didn't feel like he was on a moon. Everything from the smell to the sounds, nothing seemed to fit the silence and emptiness that was space. 

"Echo!!!" The voice reverberated within the dome, echoing and disrupting the peace that Will was enjoying. A frown graced his features, annoyed that someone had to spoil his alone time. 

"Seriously?" Will whispered, popping an eye open, scanning for the source of the voice. Sure the person had every right to be there, but no one ever came to the forest. Everyone was simply too busy with anything else to bother about something as insignificant as visiting the dome forest. Will was conflicted however, half wanting the person to leave and the other half, curious as to why there was someone else there besides him, because countless times Will had visited the place, and not once had he encountered anyone. 

"Hello!!!" The voice echoed once more, the tone of glee in his voice was unmistakable. Curiosity bubbled within Will, wondering if he had finally found someone who shared his love for the forest. He sat up, scanning the area around him for the unknown source. It didn't sound too far away but the echoing didn't help Will pinpoint the direction the shout came from. What Will did have however, was a good vantage point. He scanned down the hill, finally seeing the figure standing a couple hundred feet away looking out to the forest. 

Will observed and took in the person in front of him. The guy was pretty big, approximately 6'2" with broad shoulders that narrowed down to his waist. His short brown hair was neatly combed back in a nice quiff and his clothes hugged his figure in a way that was only possible if it was tailored for him. As the guy looked at the world before him, Will caught a glimpse of his face. Even from that distance, Will knew the guy was handsome, unusually more than what should be normal. A thought ran through Will's mind as to the reason, but dismissed it from how absurd it sounded to him. Still, his curiosity was peaked, and he couldn't help himself pushing off the floor and heading in the direction of this stranger. 

"Hey!" Will shouted, attracting the attention of the handsome stud. The guy turned in surprised, not expecting for anyone else to be there. Thane Hopper watched as Will made his way down the hill, taking in the appearance of the man walking towards him. With a somewhat slim build, Will was just another Lunarision who most people wouldn't have noticed. At roughly 6' tall, his black hair and mixed Caucasian-Asian look was common and uninteresting on Lunaris, but still, Will caught Thane's eye. With his green eyes and small nose, his fringe coming down just above his eyebrows in a side-swept fashion, Will had a cute look that intrigued Thane. 

"Hi." Thane replied, giving a small wave to Will. "I didn't know anyone ever came here."

"Well that was what I was thinking. I've been here many times and this is the first time I've ever seen anyone." Will said, staring intently at the stranger's face. Will examined the perfect curves and angles of Thane's face. His almost silver eyes were striking, coupled with lush lips and a strong jaw that looked so perfect in every way. "So...you uh...come here often?"

"Actually it's my first time." Thane said, feeling somewhat uncomfortable under Will's gaze. He had inkling as to why Will was staring though, it was basically written on his face. 

"Hmm, so you're a natal?" Will asked. 

"Um yeah, why would you think otherwise?" Thane replied, trying to keep as calm as possible. Surely this person wouldn't guess that he was an elite right? He didn't even know why he was so scared that this person knew he was elite. What did it matter anyway?

"Hmm, maybe because you don't look like a natal. I could've sworn you're an elite." Will said, raising an eyebrow. "But then again, why would an elite come down to the forest? Surely they have much more important things to attend to. Plus, why would an elite degrade himself by identifying as a natal?" Will probed, watching for any reaction from the man in front of him.

Lunaris basically had two separate classes, namely elites and natals. Natals were like Will, normal, working class citizens of Lunaris. Natals were born as per how normal humans reproduce. A natural conception if you would call it that. Natals were brought up as normal children would be, and educated through the CKT system, who eventually worked on Lunaris. Natal spouses however, were still paired based on genetic compatibility, having parents from vastly different gene pools. A method to increase genetic variation and decrease the risk of inbreeding and mutations. That reason was why many pairings were between different races, and hence why Will's mixed look was common on Lunaris. 

Elites however, weren't as simple; they were the cream of the crop. Originally, elites comprised of the best of the best in all fields known to man, most of whom were already working for the Highland corporation prior to the migration. It wasn't debated upon, knowing who better to lead Lunaris than the brightest and greatest of the human species. As the years passed and the elites got older, new generations of elites had to be made, and that's what they did. 

With the greatest minds working together, advancements in genetic modification grew at an exponential rate. Elites started making babies, combining all the best genes from the human species and basically producing perfect humans. Elite children still required genes from two parents, although their genes were altered to include the best alleles. Unlike test tube babies of the past however, the embryos were grown in a growth chamber rather than a surrogate mother.

Elite children however, were not educated the same way natals were. The same CKT system was used, although their learning was more focused. Learning was directed towards the same field that their parents specialized in, learning every aspect of both their parent's trades. Their fields were decided from the beginning, and everything was done to make them the best at that specific field. All in all, creating a perfect successor. 

"Oh I look like an elite? That's quite a compliment." Thane replied, growing nervous at Will's probing. 

"Just drop the act. There is no way you're a natal. An elite is unmistakable, even though I have never met one, until now I guess." Will said, looking away from the handsome stranger in front of him. 

Knowing the facade was over, Thane didn't bother trying to convince Will. "Sorry, I didn't mean to lie. Elites are sometimes not well received by natals." 

"Well, it's kind of an inferior complex kind of thing I guess. We want to believe that we're all the same, but we know otherwise." Will said.

"Please don't think that we are better than you. We are all humans after all. I know that's what a lot of natals think of elites."

"Yeah we do, but only because it's true. I mean that's kinda what elites are supposed to be right. If you guys were the same as us then what's the whole point of having a class system. It's not even you're fault. You didn't ask to be made perfect." Will said, looking out at the forest again. 

"We're not perfect." 

"Yeah right. You guys are as perfect as humanly possible. Insanely smart, impossibly athletic and look like you guys were carved from marble. I mean have you seen yourself in the mirror? You're like a walking statue of a god." Will said. He didn't know why he was talking the way he was. A natal didn't talk to an elite like that. Elites were to be respected, and arguing with one wasn't considered respectful. 

"You think I look good?" Thane asked, disrupting Will's train of thought. Realizing that he may have crossed a line he wasn't supposed to, Will quickly apologized. 

"Sorry, didn't mean to talk like that. It was out of line."

"No, don't apologize. It's refreshing having someone who just treats me like a person. You have no idea the expectations that are put upon me. It's exhausting at times. That's why I came here in the first place, to forget all the shit that is expected of me. I just want to live a simple life." Thane said, dropping down onto the ground

"Hmm, can't say I understand what you're going through but I can imagine. As a natal you don't really have much expectations. You just do as you're told. I guess elites have a lot more pressure, what with needing to lead Lunaris and all." Will said, taking a seat beside Thane. 

Thane chuckled, shaking his head. "Okay well, I came here to forget my worries. I'm Thane by the way." He said, stretching out his hand. Will returned the handshake, introducing himself. "So Will, based on you're looks I'm guessing you're about 21? I'm assuming you haven't taken the test yet, or you wouldn't have time to be here now would you."

"Actually I just took the test this morning. I needed to clear my head after that."

"Really, why?"

"I just don't like the idea of being stuck with what the test says for the rest of my life. I don't like the idea of monotony, never had, never will."

"Well what I wouldn't give for some monotony. Seems like I'm more a natal and you're more of an elite." Thane laughed, looking out across the treetops. "So, have you ever been to the other forest domes?"

"Nah. I know there are but I think I would prefer this to the wet rainforest. Besides, those are across the moon." 

"Well I can't argue with that. You know, these forest domes provide most of the oxygen for Lunaris. The domes are spread across the moon to maximize the available sunlight that shines on the moon at any one time. A technological marvel combining technology and botany." Thane said, smiling. 

"Yeah I know. When they teach us everything about Lunaris, they really mean everything." Will laughed. 

"Oh right." Thane said, blushing a deep shade of red. 

"What do you specialize in anyway? If you don't mind me asking." Will asked, looking to the hunk beside him. Will knew he found Thane attractive but kept it in check. Homosexuality wasn't frowned upon from a morality standpoint, but unacceptable in the grand scheme of things. The main reason anyone was on Lunaris, was to one day repopulate the earth. That couldn't happen between two males. So Will knew it was best if he kept his preference on the down low. 

"Electrical engineering and psychology." Thane replied. 

"Wow talk about different ends of the spectrum." 

"Yeah well, my dad's an electrical genius and my mom's a world class shrink. It kinda comes with the package."

"I see, so I guess you're an expert on the human psyche then?"

"Well I wouldn't say expert, but I can definitely read some people."

"What about me? Can you read me?"

"You're a little hard to read, but I'm seeing a lot of a suppressed rebellious side to you. I also sense that you're the quiet sufferer, keeping your problems to yourself and braving them rather than seeking help from others. Independent in a way." Thane said. 

"Okay, you're good." Will said, chuckling a little. 

"Like how you're kicking yourself over your attraction to me." Will's laughter ceased immediately and turned his wide-eyed stare to Thane. "You're angry that you're feeling attraction to another guy and yet scared that someone would find out. Scared that an elite...would find out." Will visibly swallowed the lump in his throat. He didn't know what to feel. 
