 I was out on the town one night when I was about 20 years old. I had been to the local pubs and decided to go to one of the local night clubs for a drink. I was at the bottom end of the town and only wanted another drink before going home. The closest club was a Gay Club and because I only wanted one more drink before going home I decided to venture in side. I had been in the club once with an old girlfriend though we only had one drink before moving on.

I went to the bar and ordered my drink when a guy that was standing next to me offered to pay for my drink. It was an offer I could not refuse so I took him up on the offer. We then spoke for a few minutes before he suggested that we find a table to sit and talk. I was rather naive at that age and was eager to please. We talked about our interests and what sort of work we did. The guys name turned out to be Greg and he worked at a local Sports wear shop he was about 42 with a well built body. 

I was enjoying this guys company and started to get a light head from the drinking. I had drank 4 Jack Daniels and Coke before I went to this club and the drink that Greg bought me was adding to the glow. I finished my drink and Greg bought me a double Jack Daniels and Coke which I started to drink slowly. The floor show started and we sat and watched two drag queens sing their version of Lola. The hole time both of them stared at me as they sang. I was going red as they sang and pointed at me as they sang but at the same time was enjoying all the attention they were paying me.

The drag queens finished and Greg and I returned to talking I finished my drink, Greg again went and got another for me. When he came back to the table he moved his chair closer to me as he sat down I could see nothing wrong with that as we could talk now without shouting over the music. We were in a rather dark corner of the room and I could feel Greg's hand touch my leg above my knee. I froze as he did this but I didn't try to stop it. I was rather tipsy from all the drink and allowed his hand to rest on my thigh he rested his hand for a few minutes and then started to run his hand up my thigh until his hand rested over my cock.

As Greg had his hand over my cock I could feel it going hard and also knew that he would be able to feel he then reached for the zip of my jeans slowly pulled the zip down until he had enough room to reach in and pull out my cock. I could not believe that this was happening to me but I put up no resistance.

Once Greg had my cock out of my jeans he started to work his hand slowly up and down the length telling me that I was being a very good boy. Greg then started to undo the buckle of my belt and told me to lift off the seat so he could push my jeans to the floor. I did as I was told and when he had trouble he had me stand a little so he could do the job properly I did as was told and my cock sprang to attention as my jeans fell to the floor. I took a drink and Greg pumped his hand up and down my cock. Telling me that he had plans for me after we left the club. He kept me sitting at the table for the rest of the night with my jeans around my knee's and playing with my cock.

We left the club at about 3am and he took me to his flat were we sat on the lounge talking. Greg reached over and placed his hand on my leg again and undid the buckle of my jeans he then told me to stand and step out of the jeans which I complied. He then pulled my shirt over my shoulders telling me I had a nice body. I thanked him for the compliment as his run his hand over my chest and lowered his head to my cock he then took it in his mouth and sucked while running his tongue around the head. I was not going to last for long before coming in his mouth. But I started to buck my hips back and forth pushing my cock down his throat. Greg swallowed all of my come and then lowered his head to lick my balls he also laid me on the lounge and lifted my legs so he had access to my arse.

I parted my legs and Greg sucked my balls before lowering his head to my arse and ran his tongue around the rim he then worked his finger into me all the time telling me he was going to fuck me. After he had been fingering me for few minutes he then pushed a second finger into me. I moaned as he did and opened my legs further allowing complete access to my arse. The fingering was great it was like nothing I had ever felt my arse was ripping by the moment but the pleasure out weighed the pain. I then slowly bucked my hips back and forth while Greg pushed his fingers into me I moaned with every stroke.

Greg then said," He was getting me ready to fuck to which I replied yes I thought that you were."

He then said," That he was going to teach me to swallow come I answered that I couldn't wait."

I was on cloud nine having this man abuse me this way it was like all of my dreams had come true I was a quite guy out for a drink and then transformed into this mans toy for him to have at any moment. I was helpless to it and wanted this man's cock in my mouth I am sure that Greg was ready to come and I didn't want to miss the first taste of him, I wanted that cream on my tongue. I wanted him to know that I was his and I wanted his manhood in my mouth. Greg pulled his fingers out of my arse and I sat up quickly reaching over to res I did Greg isn't circumcised and I am so I took a few moments to study the difference I then pushed the skin back down the length of his shaft. I then lowered my head onto his cock opening my mouth as it approached my lips I pushed my lips over the knob and held Greg's cock in my mouth the head of his cock almost filled my mouth I then pushed my head down the shaft of his cock with Greg telling me I was a good boy.

Greg said," I was a very good little cock sucker as I started to move my head up the shaft of his cock."

I reached my hand up and held his balls in my hand slowly rolling them in my finger tips as I pushed my head down the length of his cock. I then looked Greg in the eye and he pointed to his cock and told me I was doing a good job and to keep sucking. I wanted to see how much I could get in my mouth this time and opened my mouth as far as I could my throat filled quickly and I started to gag. Then started to work my head into a steady rhythm. I was shaking with excitement it was such a beautiful cock it was like finding water in the desert and I needed to quench my thirst I keep thinking as I worked my head up and down the shaft my tongue danced around the head circling and teasing it only took 5 minutes and I had what I so desperately wanted to taste Greg started to moan and placed his hand on the top of my head.

I was pulling my hand along the shaft as he was about to come he then pushed down on my head and helped my to swallow another 2 inches of his cock his balls erupted and I swallowed his come greedily. Greg was exhausted and laid back on the lounge as I swallowed the rest of his spunk. I was on fire and my body needed to be satisfied I needed to have that cock inside of me and after Greg had recovered I sucked him hard again. As his cock became rock hard I felt his finger pushing into my arse Greg was a lot more rougher this time and pushed 3 fingers into me I squealed as he did but he told me that it would all be over soon and to I was being brave.

I told him I would and held my legs open for him as he started to push his cock into my arse. I was his to do as he pleased and he sure knew it.

He said, "Bitch get use to this and I could only nod my head as he pushed his cock deep into my virgin arse." Was fucked by a man for the first time that night and I am regularly going the bar to have other men pick me up though I usually only go there when I am at the end of my night out and have failed to meet a lady.