 Trevor and Nick waited for Lion at the gates to walk home with him. Nick was sure that something was going on between the two and intended to find out.

"So Leander." He said. "Think you'll ever get back with Jason?"

"Ack no." Lion shook his head. "Not a chance." Trevor elbowed him in the ribs. "So do you have your eye on anyone?" Nick asked, ignoring Trevor.

"I might I might." Lion smiled. "But that would be telling." He winked. They left Nick at the end of the road and carried on. Lion noticed how relaxed Trevor was around him and wanted to take it up a level, he wanted Trevor to be his.

"Ever had a girlfriend?" Lion asked. 

"Nope. Not really into relationships." Trevor told him.

"Boyfriend?" Lion raised an eyebrow.

"No!" Trevor giggled.

"Want one?" Lion didn't look at him; Trevor's jaw had dropped. They were at Lion's house now. "Coffee?" 

"Um. Yes. To the coffee!" Trevor stammered. They went in and Lion flicked on the kettle. Trevor fussed with his hair while Lion made him a drink. "Where are your folks today?"

"Dad's at work and Mom's visiting Grandpa." Lion handed him a coffee and they went into the lounge. Lion watched Trevor fidget, he found it cute. "Nick sure asks a lot of questions." 

"Yeah." Trevor nodded. "He seems to think you're after me." Lion took a drink from his cup and raised an eyebrow.

"I am." He smiled. That blush spreading softly over Trevor's cheeks again. "To be honest I'm surprised you haven't noticed. I mean, we've shared a bed and I've wan..."

"I, uh. I um." Trevor faltered stopping him. "I don't notice things like that."

"No you don't." Lion put his cup down and moved over to him. "You're not aware of how attractive you are at all are you?" 

"Oh I'm not!" Trevor shook his head. "I look like a girl, it's why Frank bullied me that's why..." He trailed off. Lion pushed Trevor's hair out of his eyes; big beautiful eyes that revealed so much pain and uncertainty that it hurt him deep inside. He lifted his hand and stroked Trevor's neck softly. The soft touch made the hairs on the back of Trevor's neck stand on end. Lion brought his chin up and very gently placed a soft kiss on his lips. Trevor's hands went to Lion's chest and he let Lion deepen the kiss slightly. Lion was gently against him, holding him with one arm as his hand traced up and down his neck. Their kisses began to get stronger and Lion pulled him closer sliding his hands under his shirt as he slid his tongue into his mouth. Trevor felt Lion's tongue stud against his tongue, it was cold and metallic and enticing. Lion was amazed at what a good kisser the other boy was. He ran his hands over Trevor's chest and flat stomach; his skin was soft and warm. He stroked lower and found the waistband of Trevor's jeans; he ran a finger over the top of them and began to toy with the button. He was shocked to find himself being shoved away from Trevor who fled to the other side of the room. "Trevor?" He asked rather breathlessly.

"Leander I...sorry...you..." Trevor began to cry. Lion hesitated then walked over to him gathering him in his arms and willing his erection away. "Sorry." Lion stroked his hair.

"No I'm sorry." Lion soothed. "I thought you felt the same." 

"I do I do!" Trevor rubbed an eye and let Lion lead him back to the sofa. "It's just..." He felt foolish, he'd kissed Lion before -- hell, he'd even shared his bed with him and let him stroke him to orgasm but in the light he was freezing up.

"Yeah?" Lion stroked his back. Trevor was silent for a while as he built up courage to tell Lion his secret.

"I was..." He looked down. "Raped." 

"Oh my god." Lion muttered to himself. "Who by? When?" Trevor sniffled slightly and leant into Lion's shoulder.

"My uncle." His tears had stopped now. It pained Lion to think that they were tears of shame. "It was a few years ago we were staying with him..." Trevor took a few deep breaths. "I told Dad and he got him arrested. We moved up here a short while after." He fiddled with his hands. "I am sorry, I should have told you. I didn't think I'd react like that. I'm such a wreck. I look like a girl, bullied and raped." 

"Don't you talk like that, you're not." Lion put his arms around him. "I'm glad you told me." 

"Eventful day huh?" Trevor managed a weak smile.

"I'll say." Lion stroked his cheek.

When Trevor walked home from Lion's he was surprised and slightly scared to see an angry looking Frank with a couple of his lesser henchmen who had been busted up the ranks due to Nile and Spider's leaving. He considered going back to Lion's, it wasn't that far away. But Frank was already stomping over to him alone. 

"You. " He pointed at Trevor. "Watch your fucking back fag." He snarled and stormed off with his two goons behind him. Trevor frowned and carried on to his home.

-

Lion was sitting in his room mulling over the words Trevor had told him. He felt so sorry for the pretty boy having dealt with so much. His mind wandered to their kiss, warm, wet, soft and before Lion knew it he felt himself growing hard. He grumbled softly, he was a highly sexed young man. He wondered if that's why Trevor's very presence was enough to leave him with a semi. Slowly he trailed a hand down his toned stomach and over the growing budge that was rapidly appearing in his pants. He stroked it slowly and moaned at the feeling of arousal and excitement running through his body. He let his mind wander to Trevor and his full lips and wondered what they'd feel like around him, sucking him softly and tenderly. The mobile at the side of his bed began to ring and he mentally cursed it, leaning over and looking at the caller id 'Spider'. Lion answered the phone with a smile and began to chat to his ex lover but ignored his raging want of orgasm. Somehow getting himself hard by thinking of Trevor and then coming with the thought of Spider was wrong.

* * * * 

Trevor was sitting crossed legged on a table in the drama hall, he was toying absently with his hair and telling Lion about Frank's little threat the evening before. Lion had grumbled and told him to just ignore him. Trevor nodded and fiddled more. For some reason he was slightly embarrassed in front of Lion after their make out and confession session. Lion hadn't noticed as Trevor was normally this quiet. He walked over to Trevor, who was wearing possibly the tightest pair of jeans in the world. They clung to his slim boyish figure and Lion was having a hard time keeping his eyes off them. Trevor smiled at him as he came over and rested on the table with him. He gently began kissing his cheek and moving to the lips that had made him so hard the night before. Trevor nervously kissed him back, worried about someone catching them, but soon he'd lost himself in Lion's kiss. The door to the drama hall clicked open and Trevor scrambled away from Lion, which made the attractive blond laugh.

"Am I interrupting something?" Nick smirked as he came in.

"No." Trevor flushed red.

"Sure." Nick put his bag down and grinned in his direction. "I believe you." The rest of the group came in and the day began.

The group had noticed a change in Trevor since Lion's appearance. He was a lot more confident and happier within himself the odd nervous tension between the dark and light haired boy had also gone, which eased everyone along. The days passed with no trouble from Frank at all. He left them alone and hung out with his two new henchmen and schemed plots to get back at the ones who betrayed him. Nile and Spider also spent a good amount of their time in the drama hall. Nile was rather taken with how sweet Trevor actually was and thoroughly enjoyed himself. Spider however still found it a little hard to be in the room, he hated the thoughts of what Trevor and Lion were up to that crammed themselves into his mind; the thoughts of Nick and his big green eyes were also troubling him. He just hoped it'd ease off over time or he would lose his best friend.

-

Lion and Trevor had spent most of their day with Nick and Nathan and were now in Lion's room watching a cheesy horror film. Nick, as usual, had done his best to get as much gossip from the two as possible. But they had remained tight-lipped and said nothing that even hinted at the start of their relationship. Lion had offered to make up the guest room for Trevor to sleep in -- the last thing he wanted to do was rush him and have him go back to being scared. The film they were watching wasn't that scary, but Trevor was a bit of a wimp and when Lion turned off the light he complained.

"Oh stop being such a massive woman." Lion laughed at him and pulled his shirt over his head, he was going to get into his bed, and he slid his jeans down. Trevor took his mind of the film and focussed his attention on the toned tanned body in front of him. "I'll go make up the guest room." Lion said and then realised the other was checking him out. "Unless...." He looked towards his own bed "you want to sleep with me? Just sleep, no funny business -- I promise." 

"Okay." Trevor smiled in the faint light and watched as Lion got in and waited for him. Trevor threw off his shirt and wriggled out of his tight jeans and slid in beside Lion who gingerly reached out for him, delighted when Trevor shuffled over for a hug. Lion had no idea how to deal with Trevor but having his warm body nestled against him, skin to skin, drove him wild. He rearranged them so he could cuddle Trevor and watch the film without Trevor resting against his rapidly hardening cock. They watched the film until it finished then chatted for a while about the day, Trevor became quiet after and while and when Lion looked down the pretty little thing was asleep, he smiled and pulled up the covers.

Trevor opened his eyes and yawned. A few seconds passed when he wondered where he was. He felt Lion stretch beside him and soon remembered. 

"Morning." Lion smiled. "Sleep well?" Trevor nodded rubbing an eye. "God Trevor you feel good." Lion nuzzled under his ear and trailed kisses along his neck. Trevor wriggled happily and Lion kissed a trail down to the smaller boys right nipple, kissing it softly and feeling Trevor gasp slightly as he ran his tongue over it and began to suck it very softly. He brought his hand up and toyed with the other pink nub varying between soft strokes and the occasionally harder tweak. Lion kissed lower, still playing with his left nipple and got to his belly button. He kissed around it and was pleased and massively turned on to find that Trevor was getting hard, he could feel it pressing against his chest. He continued his kissing and was soon at Trevor's boxers. He glanced up at Trevor to see his expression, the big dark eyes showed apprehension but there was also something else showing there, he didn't stop Lion as he gently began to edge down Trevor's boxers. 

"Tell me if you want me to stop yeah - I will." Lion said softly. Trevor nodded and put his head back on the pillow as his boxers were removed. Lion took Trevor in his hand, for a small boy he was a good size. He stroked him gently, getting the feel of him and taking the naked, aroused Trevor in. He looked at the soft curled hair at the base of his cock and the trail that led up to his belly button and smiled. Softly he traced his tongue over the head, Trevor clung to the bed sheets and Lion continued to lick softly up and down the shaft, he flicked his tongue over the head softly and across the sensitive opening before sliding it into his mouth. Trevor was wriggling with pleasure now, Lion toyed with his nipple again and he grasped the base of his cock and began to suck with more effort, slithering his tongue all over as he moved his head to suck him deeper. Trevor's hands found Lion's head and tangled in the soft blond hair, his slim hips rocked to match Lion's movements and Lion could feel his orgasm building and tasted the first few drops of pre-cum on his tongue, he groaned his pleasure and began to move faster. 

All he wanted at that moment in time was for the other to fill his mouth with his seed. Trevor could feel his heart racing, he'd never felt like this before, the warm, wet, expert mouth that was attached to him was sending him to places he'd never been to before and it was fantastic. He moaned as Lion varied the speed of his sucks from fast to slow, he applied a little pressure to his shaft and Trevor felt himself teeter on the brink for a second, Lion felt Trevor's stomach tense and prepared for the flood. Trevor gasped as he came in Lion's mouth then lay there with closed eyes waiting for his heart to stop feeling like it was going to explode. He faintly was aware of Lion licking him clean. "Okay?"

"Mmm." Trevor murmured and heard Lion laugh softly and moved up the bed to kiss under his ear. Trevor rolled over to cuddle into him, he wouldn't meet his eyes, and Lion guessed it was because he was shy. He held him against him and stroked his hair; Trevor soon looked up and smiled shyly a soft blush appearing on his cheeks. 

"Well that's something to tell Nick." Lion teased. Trevor laughed and snuggled closer. "Mmm I could lie here all day, but we must get going." Lion kissed him.

--

"You shagging him then?" Spider asked Lion.

"No." Lion laughed. "And if I was?" He was worried that Spider was going to be unhappy or nasty to Trevor if he found out about their relationship.

"Wouldn't surprise me." Spider smiled vanquishing the others fears. "He's nice." 

"He is nice, shame Frank hated on him." Nile sat on the bench. "Think he'll lay off him now?" No one answered - they knew Frank was unpredictable. Nile had been close to Frank before Spider and Lion both moved to the town, but Nile had noticed Frank getting more dangerous over the years. When Lion appeared on the scene Frank thought he could twist him into the vile bully he had become, but Lion wasn't easily broken. His relationship with Spider, and the way Frank was with Jason, had opened his eyes to Frank's ways and from then he'd tried to stay his distance. Far enough away to not be directly involved with any bullying but close enough to be thought of as one. If Lion had known how evil Frank was when he first moved he'd have kept his distance from him. He was worried for Trevor and Spider's sake. Frank was crazy.