 A light jab into his side woke Will up from his sleep. Blinking a few times, he let his eyes adjust as his vision came into focus. He brought his wrist up, looking at the digital display of his BIC, noting that it was eight in the morning. A small snore brought his attention to Thane still deep in sleep beside him, suddenly remembering everything that had happened the night before. A smile crossed his features, happy that the previous day had not been some weird dream. 

Will turned over, staring at Thane as he slept. His eyes traced the bridge of his nose down to his lips, which were currently parted slightly as he snored. He smiled again, thinking how cute his soft snore was. It wasn't obscenely loud but it wasn't inaudible either, but somehow it just reminded Will that the elite in front of him was still human. His gazed traveled upwards, seeing his closed eyes moving slightly behind his lids, probably dreaming. His hair was also messy, a contrast to the always neatly slicked back hair he always sported. 

Will just laid there, admiring the hunk as he slept. A part of him felt like a creep, watching someone while they slept, but the other part took it as appreciating a fine specimen when you could, much like appreciating art. He sighed in content as he carefully draped an arm across Thane's chest, careful not to wake him up, feeling the light spattering of hair there. Closing his eyes, he rested his head next to Thane shoulder just enough for his forehead to touch Thane's cheek. 

Thane remained asleep though and Will simply took the time to enjoy his presence. Suddenly getting to be able to do this gave him a newfound appreciation for the little stuff like that, spending a quiet morning in each other's arms. As he lay there, a thought crossed his mind. Even before all this, he knew he liked Thane, but suddenly after everything that has happened he started to see something he didn't before. A future. He knew if things continued like this, it would only be a matter of time before he fell for Thane. 

At that point, Thane jerked awake. Will shot his eyes open at the unexpected movement to see Thane looking around somewhat dazed. 

"Hey, you alright?" Will asked, making Thane turn his attention towards him. He took a moment to process before he shook his head. 

"Yeah, I just had one of those falling dreams." He said, bringing a hand up to Will's face. "I guess yesterday wasn't a dream after all."

"I guess not." Will replied, smiling. 

"I ever tell you I love your smile?" 

"Are you flirting with me Mr. Hopper?" 

"I guess I am." Thane smirked, bringing his lips forward to capture Will's in a sweet kiss. Will smiled into the kiss, feeling his happiness bubbling over. Breaking the kiss, Will looked into Thane's eyes. "So I'm assuming it's working?"

"If you're talking about the flirting, yeah it is." Will said, bringing their lips together once again. Feeling the sexual tension building between them, the kisses became less sweet but hungrier. Thane's soft kisses trailed their way down Will's jawline, coming to a stop just below his ear. By this time, Will was starting to swell in his pants, something that Thane made no pretense of not knowing, palming Will through the fabric. "Shall we continue what we started yesterday?"

Thane's sultry whisper set Will's lust ablaze, immediately pushing Thane onto his back, straddling him in a quick movement. He dipped down, bringing his lips back to Thane's, sucking on his lip. All the pent up sexual tension was oozing from his pores and he needed Thane with every fiber of his being. Laying his chest against Thane's, Will tried to increase the amount of skin to skin contact they both had, but somehow knowing that it was never going to be enough. He needed more. 

"You make me so hot." Will breathed out before attacking his lips once more. The kisses grew more intense and passionate as Thane started reciprocating, matching Will's intensity with his own. Will smirked when he felt Thane's bulge rub against his own, urging him on. Thane's hand had travelled to Will's back, running over the warm skin. A single hand dipped beneath Will's pant waist, snaking down to grab a globe of Will ass, making Will moan into his kisses. "I have never done this before."

"Neither have I. We'll play it by ear then?" Thane asked, the look in his eyes so full of lust it transferred to Will. 

"Sounds good to me." Will smirked. Taking Thane's words literally, he dove for his ears, nibbling lightly on his earlobe. Thane obviously liked it, judging from the thrusts of his hips, with every nibble on his skin. It was strange to Will though, knowing that although neither of them had any prior experience like this, they seemed to be able to piece together what would feel good. Maybe it was just a basic human instinct for procreation. 

Feeling like he was a little too close to the edge and not wanting it to end just yet, Thane mustered the strength he could to push Will off of him, instead climbing over him. He smirked down at Will, pleased at how the dominant role had been switched. It did make him feel in control, hovering over Will like that and he sure as hell wanted to do to Will what was done to him. 

Thane dove for Will's nipple, which was hard due to his arousal. He lightly bit on the nub, flicking it ever so often with his tongue, each time making Will buck his hips in ecstasy. Thane smiled, making sure to store every part that made Will tick in his brain. He wanted, needed to make Will high with pleasure. "I want you so much, you don't even know."

"I think I do and trust me, I want you just as badly." Will said, pulling Thane back up to his eye level. As their eyes locked, the world around them seemed to fall away. Their stares so intense, it seemed like nothing would be able to pry them apart. Will's hand snaked down the hard ridges of muscle along Thane's body, sliding over the tent in his trousers. A light squeeze was enough to break their intense stares, Thane's body immediately going weak at the touch.

Thane rested his head down onto Will, resuming his kisses, sucking and nibbling on Will's lips, which only spurred Will further. Through the fabric of Thane's pants, Will could tell that Thane was pretty well endowed at approximately 8", not surprising from a perfect human specimen. He would have felt conscious about his own size in comparison but he was feeling far too much lust to let his insecurities through. Eventually, his hand made its way underneath Thane's pant waist, his fingers wrapping around the thick piece of meat residing in them. 

"I want you to fuck me." Will whispered, just barely audible. 

"I was wondering when you were gonna ask." Thane smirked, immediately trailing down and getting to work on removing Will's pants. It took no more than a few seconds and Will was stark naked in front of Thane. Will could tell Thane's eyes focused on his hard 6" cock, simply staring. "Oh you look better than I could have imagined" Thane said, almost drooling with a crazy look in his eyes. Lust had definitely taken over him. "Maybe you should be one to fuck me."

"I don't care, pick one. I just need to feel you, now." Will cried out. He really couldn't be bothered who topped first, he just wanted something to happen, and quick. 

"So impatient. I like it." Thane said, dropping down and giving Will's dick a sloppy lick from the base all the way to the tip. Will shuddered in ecstasy when Thane's tongue circled his head, teasing the slit and tasting his precum, which he was generously leaking. Before he could tell what was happening next, he felt Thane's tongue drop to his hole, rimming rim and loosening him up. He was about to cum from just that but held on; oh boy did he hold on. 

"Seriously Thane, I can't hold out much longer." Will choked out, straining to hold back his fast approaching orgasm. Thane smiled, pulling away and positioning himself. Will felt Thane's cock at his entrance as he slowly pushed in. A combination of lust and the fantastic rim job had Will so ready, it slipped in easily. STDs were non-existent on Lunaris so condoms were not needed. Will felt slight discomfort but really, all he felt was full. He squeezed his ass muscles, trying to take in more of Thane, who understood and pushed further in. 

Thane made an attempt to wrap his hand around Will's hard on but Will swatted his hand away. "I'm way too close." He whispered, Thane immediately understanding. Thane too didn't want this to end so soon. Finally, Will felt Thane's pelvis against his thighs, knowing that Thane was fully inside him. He looked up at Thane and smirked, wiggling his hips ever so slightly, making Thane groan in pleasure

Thane moved his hips slowly, he too almost overwhelmed by the feeling of Will around him, sliding out and back in. Every few seconds, Will's muscles would spasm, squeezing him in ways he never thought possible. Feeling himself reaching climax, he increased the rhythm of his thrusts. Will cried out in pleasure when Thane hit his prostate, sending wave after wave of euphoria coursing though his veins. 

"Oh god, I'm close." Thane whimpered, slamming himself into Will. Will took the cue, wrapping his fingers around his dick and pumping himself in time to Thane's thrusts. A few pumps was all he could manage before his orgasm hit. Spurting thick ropes of semen across his body, Will rode out the sensations of the most intense orgasm he had ever experienced. His clenched muscles sent Thane over the edge as well, filling Will with his hot seed. 

Thane panted as he held himself over Will, his chest rising and falling to his deep breaths. He looked at Will underneath him, seeing his eyes closed as he tried catching his breath as well. Bringing a finger across Will's chest, Thane scooped up some of Will's cum, bringing it to his mouth and sucking on it. "Sweet."

"You're disgusting." Will laughed as he pushed Thane off him. The bigger man fell to his side, staring at the ceiling, still recovering from the climax he had just experienced. "I take it you enjoyed that?" Will playfully remarked. 

"Don't sass me mister." Thane laughed, resting his head on Will's shoulder. Before Will could say anything else, Thane's BIC started beeping. "Oh come on, can't I get a break?" Thane complained, seeing Tracey's name on the screen. For a moment, Thane contemplated ignoring it, but decided to be polite, bringing his wrist up and swiping across the screen. "What's up Trace?"

"Hey Thane, just like to confirm if you're coming down to the hospital later." The sweet voice sounded from the little device's speakers. 

"Yeah, I'll be there. I want to get this done with." Thane said, in his mind thinking that the sooner he got done with the project, the lesser he had to have contact with Tracey. 

"Are you okay? You sound a little winded." Thane shot Will a mischievous look. 

"Yeah I'm fine. Just got done with an intense workout." Thane said, smirking and wiggling his eyebrow suggestively at Will. Will chuckled, but quickly swallowed it, not wanting Tracey to hear him over the BIC. 

"Is someone with you?" Tracey asked. 

"No." 

"Oh, I could've sworn...nevermind. I'll see you later then."

"Yeah sure." Thane hung up, turning to look at Will. "Could you have laughed any louder?"

"It was nothing more than a slight chuckle. I'm surprised she even heard it." Will defended. 

"Well, she does seem to evolve characteristics that are advantageous to her snooping abilities. The girl's a little too nosey for her own good." Thane said. 

"She's really that bad huh?"

"You have no idea. So, what are your plans for today? You know, besides have the best sex in your life." 

"Don't flatter yourself, and I don't know. Varek didn't tell me anything, not surprising after the events that transpired last night." Will said. 

"Well, we should get cleaned up." Thane said, giving Will a quick peck on the lips. "Unless you want to go for round two." Will raised an eyebrow, bewildered at Thane's comment. 

"Whoa there, I know you were made perfect and everything, but us normal people can't recover that quickly, especially not after a first round like that."

"So you did like it." Thane said, like the fact wasn't known. 

"Like you didn't know that."

"Oh I knew it, but as I have said before, it's always nice to hear it too." Thane smiled cheekily up at Will. Will chuckled, putting his palm across Thane's face and lightly pushing it away. 

"C'mon perfect boy, let's go shower." Will said, climbing out of the bed and heading for the bathroom. 

"Don't have to ask me twice." Thane said, all but throwing himself out of bed. Coming up behind Will, he wrapped his arms around the smaller man, lifting him just enough that his feet left the floor. 

"What are you doing?" Will chuckled but otherwise let Thane do what he wanted to. He couldn't escape even if he tried so he didn't bother. 

"What does it look like I'm doing dumbass, I'm carrying you to the shower." Thane said matter-of-factly, as he carried Will into the large shower, releasing him gently. His hands moved to the shower interface, a touch screen that controlled the temperature of the water, punching one last button, which caused water to shoot from the showerhead. 

Turning to face Will, Thane smiled, seeing as the water trickled down Will's body. He moved one hand up, running the back of it across Will face. Wrapping his arms around Thane's neck, Will pulled Thane down to him, locking their lips together. Water fell onto Thane, streaming down every hard ridge of his muscled form, beading on the hairs that covered his chest. 

"Turn around." Will whispered, guiding Thane to turn so he had his back to him. With Thane facing the other way, Will hugged Thane to his body, wrapping his arms around his torso, his fingers trailing up and down his midsection, memorizing every curve. Resting his head on Thane's back, Will felt at peace for some reason, knowing that he could hold Thane like that gave him extreme pleasure. 

"Maybe we should actually start showering before we're late?" Thane suggested. 

"You do what you want, I just want to hold you." Will said. Thane smiled in response, shaking his head lightly, his hands moving to the shower interface. Pressing a button, the water mixed with soap, washing over them, strong with the scent of flowers. Will's wandering hands massaged the soap into Thane's skin, lathering up as he cleaned Thane. Thane's hands moved to Will thighs, rhythmically running his hands up and down his smooth skin. All the while, Thane could feel Will's growing member pushing between his thighs. 

He turned around, lightly pushing Will against the shower wall, giving him a passionate kiss. He let his soapy hand move to Will's member, wrapping his long fingers around the flesh, pumping slow and purposeful. Will moaned into the kiss, his mind going blank with pleasure. Hands roamed each other's bodies as each tried to take in the other person in front of them. Will's fingers snaked their way down Thane's butt crack, slick with soap and tingling with anticipation. Brushing lightly over his rosebud, Thane bucked his hip into Will, his lips never leaving Will's. 

Will circled his middle finger around the tight opening, feeling Thane twitching at his touch. The speed of Thane's hand on his dick had also increased, bringing him closer to a second orgasm within the hour. Thane's constant moaning only spurred Will further on, slipping the tip of his finger into Thane. 

"Oh fuck yeah." Thane exclaimed, jacking Will off with renewed fervor. As both men gave in to their desires, they felt their hands moving on their own accord. Will pushing his fingers further into Thane while Thane pumped Will at increasing speeds. 

"Shit." Will exclaimed, his orgasm hitting as he coated their bellies with his cum. Striking his prostate sent Thane over the edge too, sending ropes of semen splattering against their chests, the results of their intense orgasm mingling with each other. 

"So much for not being able for round two." Thane smirked, giving Will one last kiss. 

"Let's just say, maybe sometimes you can always give a 110%." Will smiled, catching his breath. "Now, we can shower." Will said, pushing Thane back into the water stream. 

The pair showered fast enough, soon out of the shower and drying themselves. Changing however, took slightly longer than anticipated, with both of them finding all sorts of ways to put on clothes sexily, much to the delight of the other. Think of it like stripping but in reverse. 

"It's kinda unfair though, I mean look at you. You look like a god. You just pull up your pants and it looks hot." Will said, sore that he had lost their unofficial competition. 

"Aww don't feel bad, at least you get all this to yourself right." Thane said, motioning to his body, a triumphant smile on his face. 

"Wipe that smile off your face. C'mon lets go." Will said, walking out the room and down the stairs. He headed for Varek's office, knowing that he would already be there, like any other day. Thane followed close behind, observing Will's ass in his new form fitting elite wear. "I can feel your eyes Thane." Will said, without even a glance behind. 

"I wasn't doing anything." Thane played ignorant as Will came to a stop outside Varek's office. The only reply he got was a raised eyebrow from Will, before he proceeded to knock on the door before entering. Inside, Varek was at his desk, speaking to someone over his BIC. Seeing Will at his door, Varek put a finger up, signaling for Will to hold on. 

"Yes will do. I'll see you later." Varek said, ending his BIC call. 

"So Varek, what's the agenda for today?" Will asked. 

"Well seems like I have something come up which I have to attend to." Varek's eyes travelled to his son standing by the doorway. "So Thane, I'm putting you in charge of Will today. Bring him with you to the hospital and get him acquainted with the hospital ins and outs. Brief him about the details of your project too."

"Wait, you want me to mentor him?" Thane said, holding out a finger to point at Will. 

"Yes. I think it's more productive than giving Will another day off, wouldn't you agree Will." Varek said, looking expectantly at Will.

"Actually I wont pass on another off day." Will said, smiling innocently.

"Nice try but you're still going to the hospital. Besides, I thought you boys wouldn't mind spending more time with each other." Varek gave both boys a mischievous look, subtly hinting the double meaning of his statement. Both boys blushed a deep crimson, embarrassed.

"Dad, just no." Thane said, covering his face and turning around, heading anywhere his father wasn't. All Varek did was laughed in reply, turning his gaze to Will.

"I think that's you're cue to follow, Will." Varek smirked. Will nodded, taking his leave. "And please, try to be discreet while you're out. Don't need other people to see whatever it is the two of you do behind closed doors." More blood rushed to Will's cheeks, making him look as red as a lobster.

Quickening his pace, he marched after Thane, trying his hardest to get away from Varek's embarrassing words. "Dads." Thane said after finally feeling at a safe enough distance from his father. Will shrugged his shoulders, shaking his head. "Well anyway, seems like you're in my care today then Mr. Harrison. Don't worry, you can just call me teacher, that will do."

"Oh ha ha. If you think I'm gonna quietly be your obedient student, you've got another thing coming bud." 

"Well, I can always punish you later for it." Thane whispered, so close to Will's face that his breath tickled the skin. Goosebumps erupted across Will body, making him shiver slightly.

"You're worse than your father." Will said, pushing past Thane as he made his way towards the kitchen, for a quick breakfast before they had to leave. The dynamic between both boys had definitely changed since just the day before, when they were still trying so hard to keep their mutual attraction to each other under wraps. They no longer had to hide behind the facade, but even so, nothing much had changed really. Everything was still the same, just that they now had the liberty to express what they felt. Everything down to the occasional lighthearted insults both men threw at each other during the course of breakfast, was normal day-to-day routine.
