 "Aaron"

I snapped my head up and looked at Bruce, the co-chair of this committee. "Bruce!" I replied playfully, shooting him a wink trying to play off what was very obviously day-dreaming.

"Care to join us?" He said as he pointed to my section of the presentation, I couldn't believe that twenty five minutes had passed. I stood, my blazer luckily hiding the erection I had spent the first half of the meeting praying away. 

I made my way to the front of the room and as I cast my gaze over the packed boardroom I felt my cheeks redden as my gaze fell on Eric. His sleeves were rolled up and arms were crossed, showing off the muscular physique that had forced my head all the way down his shaft. I blinked hard, trying to lose the image as I felt my dick impossibly stiffen more. 

I really did try hard not to stare at Eric as I discussed cost savings and other effective KPI's for my allotted 6 minutes but I found my eyes constantly drawn to his. Those bright blue orbs that had looked down at me while I knelt below him jerking off at his feet as I did my best to swallow his massive phallus

The smirk on his face told me he knew I couldn't stop thinking about how he shot his load all over my face. And I rushed to finish and race back to the relative safety of my seat at the back of the boardroom with the other vendor reps. 

As I finally sat back I felt a vibration and almost yelped at the timing. I pulled my phone halfway out of my blazer pocket and saw that it was a text from Eric. 

'Nice job hiding your little stiffy.' Was all the text said. And I flushed with embarrassment wondering how many other people had noticed it. I took out my notebook and pretended to take studious notes to keep from looking around the table.

Seconds later another text appeared. I discretely slid my phone out of my pocket again. 'Here let me show you what a real cock looks like...' and before I could turn it off a photo appeared. Eric's massive cock sprang into view, I counted my blessings that I had no one sitting to the left of me, and kept looking down to hide the fierce blush that rushed across my face. 

Another text right after that. 'You don't forget do you?' and another picture appeared, this one me! I almost shot up out of my chair, I dropped my phone I was so shocked and I counted my blessings as I slowly picked it up that it had fallen face down. When I looked again there was my face coated in Eric's cum, when he had taken the photo was beyond me. But I had been a little preoccupied absorbing a massive facial. 

I texted back. 'Please delte that ph0to!' in my haste misspelling my words as my fingers shook on the keys. I looked up and Eric winked at me and tapped a reply. 'Don't worry I'm not planning on blackmailing you.' 

My shoulders slumped in obvious relief and then my phone buzzed again. 'Why would I need to, you're addicted to my cock now, you'll beg for it.'

I looked over at Eric again and he grinned at me and put his phone back into his pocket. He had me dead to rights. I couldn't count the number of times I had jerked off thinking about him taking me and making me his. It was all I thought about for the last two weeks. 

I looked at my phone and tried to will it back into my pocket, knowing that he had won but wanting to be defiant. Wanting him to have to make the next move. But a part of me didn't want to miss out on another chance with the incredible man at the opposite end of the room from me. 

I looked up and noticed Eric quietly crack a joke to Simone, the new EIT who had started at his company. The far younger girl just grinned at him and I could tell that she was wrapped around his finger. She bit her pen as he looked away and I just knew, if he wanted to she'd be on all fours begging for him in a heartbeat. 

I felt my cheeks flush again this time in jealousy, as Simone pushed out her chest and chatted back with Eric, touching his arm as she giggled at his joke, her leg accidentally brushing his as they turned slightly towards each other to talk. '

Who was I then to not do the same if I had the chance at another round with that stud? 

I gulped and typed the words. 'Please, may I taste it again?' but before I pressed send I remembered myself, 'Daddy?' I added and hit the green icon. 

Eric's phone buzzed, and he opened it up without hiding it much. He grinned as he read his message and tapped a very quick reply. His finger hovering over the send key as he looked directly at me and hit it.

My phone once again vibrated and I rushed to open it. 

'23rd floor' was all the message said. And I couldn't contain my excitement as the meeting came a close. 

_________________

In the post meeting networking and shop talk I lost Eric as he slipped out of the boardroom. His position at the table had meant that he was far closer to a door. So it was 10 minutes later that I used my keycard, a perk of being the main account rep for almost 5 years to let myself up the elevator to 23. 

As the doors slid open I thought I must be mistaken. This floor was heavily under construction, desks were thrown to the side of the tower and concrete pillars were exposed everywhere. I stepped out into the poorly lit floor and checked my phone again. Confirming that I had the number right I tried my best to be brave and walked across the exposed floors. My shoes clicking on the cement. 

I walked towards one end of the building and saw no one, turning I decided to call out.

"E-" I started but stopped myself, remember my instructions from the first encounter. "Sir?" I called quietly. Not wanting to yell. I almost flinched as my voice echoed through the empty floor.

I continued to walk back past the elevators to the other side of the building. This part hadn't been torn down as much, a few offices still stood. "Sir?" I called quietly again. Finally I heard a response from the very corner of the partially deconstructed floor. 

"There you are boy" Eric said stepping out of a corner office and leaning against the frame. His sleeves were still rolled up and I couldn't help but give him the once over as he stood there so confidently in front of me. "I thought we could use a little privacy for this one, wouldn't want all your customers knowing what a cock slut you are? Would we?" Eric said playfully as he turned and walked back into the office. 

I followed obediently, not needing to be told where to go. I stepped into the office and noticed that there wasn't much by way of furniture. A nice office chair and sturdy desk stood facing the doorway, the rest of the furniture had been removed. 

"We should hurry" Eric said with a grin, unbuckling his belt but this time not dropping his pants. "The construction crews only get an hour for lunch, and you've already wasted twenty minutes of it." 

I gulped, not thinking about any potential company and turned to close the door. I was stopped by his voice. "Leave it open." He said calmly. "Think of it as incentive to get the job done."

I nodded and walked over to Eric. I went to drop to my knees but his hand on my chin stopped me. "I want to try something different first." He said with a grin and gestured towards the desk. "Get naked for me boy." 

I nervously undid my blazer, taking my place as this older man's boy. The transformation from professional adult to willing slut was instantaneous. I didn't question it, just dropped the blazer and began unbuttoning my shirt. I slid my slacks down, left only in the boxer briefs. I moved to take off the last bit of clothing and Eric stopped me.

"Close enough," he said closing the gap between us. This impressive male specimen stood inches from me, towering 6 inches above me. He reached out and swept one hand behind my back, the other pushing my towards the desk so I fell backwards onto it. 

I'm not sure what came over me but I leaned my neck up to kiss him but Eric stopped me with a look. "That's earned boy, not given." he said with a smirk and pushed me back onto the desk. My head draped over the far edge as he stepped between my legs. I heard a zip and pants falling but couldn't look up. Eric's hand was pressed firmly into my chest keeping me from sitting forward and watching what was happening. 

All of a sudden I felt pressure as Eric stepped forward and pushed his manhood against the thin fabric of my boxer briefs. As the cloth strained I felt him prodding my virgin hole with his hard cock. "Fuuuuck" is all I could moan as I both feared and craved the intrusion.

Eric pressed himself against me, rocking his cock forward and backwards slightly, stretching the entrance and causing me to writhe around excitedly. "Please Daddy!" I begged as he teased my hole. But I wasn't going to get my wish today. Eric playfully laughed and said "you'll get it, but not today!" and backed away from my ass. 

I watched Eric's muscular legs and tight ass as he walked around the desk and his cock came into plain view. I began to salivate at the size of it again, pictures and memories not doing it justice. Eric stood above me, my head hanging off the desk and his back to the picture glass window as his cock hung inches from my chin. 

"Take it all boy." He said as I hungrily reached up and began stroking and licking him. I didn't need to be told twice, I had craved this cock ever since the first time I touched it. I pictured riding the dildo I had purchased, wishing it was the real deal. Stretching myself just in case what Eric had said was true and I'd finally get the fucking I craved. 

I reached up and held Eric's impressive sack with one hand, the other hand reaching behind and grabbing his ass, pulling him into my mouth. I stretched my lips to wrap around his girth and relaxed my throat, taking at least five and a half inches into my mouth at once. Eric growled ferociously. "You've been practicing boy." he said roughly.

I blushed thinking of taking the massive dildo down my throat, trying to punish my gag reflex into extinction to better please him. I continued to work to push his cock further down my throat, swirling my tongue on what I could reach with it. I fondled and pulled him deeper until my top lip was almost touching his balls. Eric growled in appreciation and began to work himself in and out of me slowly. 

I relaxed further, allowing him to have his way with my mouth and focused on my hands exploring his balls and massaging his ass. As this incredible male specimen plowed my hole I worked gently on his nuts, massaging and cupping them. Giving them gentle squeezes and occasionally stroking his shaft as he pulled most of the way out of me.

Finally with a *POP* Eric's cock flew free of my mouth. I moaned in sadness, reaching for it with my tongue and hands but Eric grabbed my wrist and gave me a single look that let me know to stop. Stepping forward Eric straddled my face, and lowered his nuts down to my chin, and ass right above my mouth. 

"Lick it slut." He demanded and gave my cock a strong FLICK with one finger. I moaned and he shifted and dropped his ass down onto me. My first reaction was to try and push him off but he grabbed my wrist and squeezed. I moaned, feeling the stronger man fight me off so easily and relented by sticking out my tongue and tasting his hairless rosebud. 

Eric groaned in appreciation and his flick turned into a gentle squeeze of my cock. I writhed in happiness at the first time Eric had willingly touched my dick and doubled my efforts, licking back and forth from his taint to his rosebud, occasionally probing it with my tongue. 

Eric continued to rub me through the cloth of my boxer briefs as I licked his hole and taint. My hands continued to rub Eric's ass as I worked my mouth onto his most sensitive area. I felt Eric's hand disappear and a second later it appeared next to my mouth. "Get it nice and wet." He commanded. I instantly obliged, taking his fingers into my mouth and lick and sucking on them sexually. I worked as much moisture onto his fingers as possible and as soon as he removed them I went back to work on his engorged balls.

I felt Eric lift the waistband of my underwear and reach past my stiff cock, his fingers brushing my nuts as he wrapped his hand down and gently pushed against my ass. I moaned into his underside as I felt him apply gentle pressure. I redoubled my efforts, alternating between licking and kissing his taint and hole and sucking on his mammoth nuts. 

Eric pressed harder, alternating pressure and slight movement and stretching my hole, first with one finger, than two, and finally a third was sitting right at the opening threatening to bust inside. I moan and shifted my legs, giving him better access to my hole and he groaned "Good little slut" in appreciation.

Eric expertly stretched me and began pushing deeper inside, his other hand reached out and began to gently stroke my cock. I shuddered and moaned as his fingers probed deeper into me and stretched my virgin hole. Eric stepped back again, his dick hanging above my mouth, and without having to be told I opened my mouth and began licking at his shaft. 

Before I even knew what was happening Eric buried himself to his hips down my throat. I gagged and convulsed, trying to handle the sudden invasion of man meet preventing me from breathing. Saliva poured out of my mouth as Eric backstroked and ready for another thrust, I gasped for air and I felt Eric push his girth back into my mouth while simultaneously burying his long fingers deep inside my asshole. 

I screamed in pleasure and pain into his cock, it coming out as a muffled moan as Eric began rhythmically thrusting his cock in and out of my mouth, fucking it roughly while also fingering my at the same pace. His free hand continued to grope and stroke my cock which was now feeling as hard and as it ever had under his tight grip. 

I shuddered and continued to try and relax my mouth and ass, Eric's pace somehow increased and he furiously pounded my face, fucking it with abandon. I reached up and began to fondle and tug his balls as he thrust in and out of me, he groaned and yelled "Fuck your mouth feels so good slut!" and I felt him begin to tighten, it came in waves and I knew he wasn't going to take much longer to explode inside my mouth. 

I continued to work and felt my own balls tighten as Eric expertly jerked me off and rammed his fingers in and out of my tight ass. I moaned as I felt my cock begin to spasm, sperm shooting out of it, encouraged by the fingers thrusting inside me. Eric pointed my cock down and it shot my load all over my chest and neck. He continued to fuck my face as he slowed his pace on my cock and buried his fingers inside me. 

Eric continued his onslaught on my mouth and throat, stretching me to the max. I attempted to stick out my tongue and somehow he went deeper down my throat, my tongue now gently rubbing his balls on every thrust in. 

Eric groaned as I gagged and involuntarily swallowed and I felt the damn burst. "Fuck yes SLUT BOY" he yelled as he shot the first helping deep down my throat, his second coming as he pulled out and splattering across my face and chest, mixing with my own.

Eric pulled back and shot the third heavy blast directly into my upside down face, my mouth hanging open trying to catch my breath managed to take a lot of it. Eric sighed in satisfaction as he wiped the last few drops off on my face then presented his still semi hard cock for me to clean. Dutifully I began to work on it upside down, licking and sucking every inch until it was spotless.

"Thank you sir" I said still hanging off the desk while Eric began to redress himself. I finally sighed and made to sit up but a strong hand from Eric lay me back down.

"Where do you think you're going?" He questioned jokingly. My eyes opened curiously, one stung from the intrusion of his semen. Eric waved his hand to the other side of the room, above me where I couldn't see. 

"You can't give these two fine gentlemen a show and not reward them for watching you." he said, and I looked up to see two construction workers. Cocks out of their pants stroking themselves. I had no clue how long they'd been there. But at the look at both of them I began to salivate. 

"His ass is mine but do what you want with him otherwise." Eric said walking out the door, leaving me alone with two complete strangers...