 To my utter surprise and delight, Frank called next day and suggested that we go for a hike or ride. I had other plans but quickly cancelled, meeting Frank behind the base movie house and riding our bikes into a remote area of the base where there was once a hunting and skeet-shooting club now defunct for lack of funding. It was a spot where we occasionally took girls, or partied. We parked our bikes beside the trailer and, since the door was locked, we pulled a sawhorse (that we use for that purpose) over and stood on that to gain access to a window. Once inside, he laid his packback down and looked at me. "I hope you're not satisfied," he said.

By this time, stimulated by images of what I was about to do, my dick had reached critical mass, so we were no more inside the trailer when I gently pushed Frank to his knees and liberated my pecker. He took me in his mouth and began to suck, looking up at me as he worked, my dick disappearing and reappearing between his sexily puffed lips. The sensation was akin to being lightly stimulated by electricity, and I was soon moaning. In no time at all I shot a load of cum, and as he swallowed he grabbed my ass as if to pull me into him, and all the time making love to me with his dark eyes. 

"Let me freshen up," he said, coming to his feet.

Of course, I was breathless, unable to speak and smiling the last drops as he picked up his backpack and made the bathroom--a somewhat foul place, but with running water. I waited, and when he emerged, I almost failed to recognize him, his hair appearing longer, parted in the middle, his eyes shadowed, face powdered, and he was wearing lipstick. His jeans were gone, and in their place a pair of shorts; he wore his shirt unbuttoned and tied at the waist. In short, I thought I was looking at a girl. Hands on his hips, he turned, the outline of his ass having a go at stirring me again. "What do you think?" he said.

Unable to speak, I took his hand and brought him to me. 

"I wanted to get nice for you before I sexed you, but you seemed to anxious," he told me.

I spread his blouse and took one of his tits in mouth, sucked while he stroked my head. Then, in one of those defining moments in life, I took him in my arms and kissed him. He moaned, returning my kiss, sucking gently on my tongue. I ran my hands over his ass, thought about when I had fucked him. I touched his dick and it felt like a small night stick, hard and pressing at his shorts. He reached for the zipper on his shorts and lowered them by shimmying, and I glanced down, nearly gasping at the sight. He wore red bikini panties, his dick torturing the fabric. About to explode, I came to my knees and lowered his panties and took his dick into my mouth, beginning to move as he had. I had never before sucked a dick and couldn't believe what I was doing, couldn't believe how satisfying it was, the smooth, dead warm weight of his organ moving in and out of my mouth, and the pleasure it brought him. I ran my hands over his ass, found his anus and massaged it with my index finger. Once again, he breath grew ragged, he cried out and his dick pulsed in my mouth. He pulled out and shot a long sting of white cum into the worn carpet and then fell to his knees, holding onto his dick and kissing me until all the pleasure had passed from his body.

We sagged, resting, Frank wearing only his red panties, and after a few moments, I brought his head to my chest and massaged his ass as I asked about the soldier he had been seen with.

"He's lonely," said Frank. "Awkward around women, and afraid of men, or getting caught with a man."

"So what do you do?"

He looked away. "We mess around."

"Mess around how?"

"Masturbate. Sometimes we suck, but not often."

"And in the outdoor movies the other night?"

"I'm sorry anyone saw that."

"If no one had, we wouldn't be here," I said. "Are you pleased about being here with me?"

He moved his head and kissed me softly. "Oh yeah. I can't think of anywhere else I'd rather be."

"Not with your soldier?"

"I won't see him anymore, if that's what you want."

By now, my dick was stirring. "I want to know about the movies." 

"It was raining and we had the ponchos over us. We kissed a little and fondled each other. At one point I took him in my mouth, and he was about to cum when I began to gag because he had gone too deep and got up for some water. When I returned, he spread the poncho over us and when I went to sit, he pulled me onto his lap. He took my shorts down and moved my underpants to one side. He had lubed his dick and had me sit on it, had me churning his dick until he came. Then he masturbated me. But none of it is as good as being with you."

"Maybe you say that to everyone."

He reached for his backpack and removed a lunch bag and some sodas from a collapsible cooler. "After I called you, when I was making these sandwiches, I was thinking 'I hope my man likes ham and cheese.' Do you?"

"Am I your man?"

"That's my fantasy, I guess."

When we had eaten and cleaned up, Frank excused himself again, applying fresh lipstick, even perfume. He moved to the window and leaned out, his ass exaggerated slightly, in the air and aimed invitingly at me. Again, I wanted to bite, kiss it. He said, "What do they use this place for?"

I approached him from behind, pulled his panties down slightly and pressed my hard dick into his crack. "Fucking," I said.

"That's what I was hoping." He reached back and took my dick and began to push it into his ass. To my surprise, he was already lubed. "But I'm still a little sore from yesterday, so be gentle."

I pushed in, starting to fuck, slowly pumping, my hands at his waist. When my urge required that I fuck harder, he said, "Wait," and squirmed away. Lying down on the floor, he lifted his legs and I lay atop him, entering him again and beginning to fuck him deep, finding my rhythm as we kissed, Frank holding me like a woman holds a man and breathing hard. Far from gentle now, I began to fuck him hard, ramming all seven inches into him until I felt the first spasms deep in my own bowels and the cum bolted from me, filling his hole, and I shuddered. He held me tightly. "Oh, baby," he said over and over. But I realized that he had never finished, as I had expected. 

I rolled off him and reached for his hard-on. "How are you going to relieve that?" I said.

Soon I had my ass in the air, and Frank was painting my anus with his hard cock, the sensation so exquisite and naughty that it felt like all my nerves had been stimulated at once. I began to tingle. 

"You can do that for the rest of the afternoon," I said.

"We'll take a bath next time, and I'll tongue you there until you die," he said, beginning his push into me. Past the rubbery sphincter and deep into my ass, pumping and saying, "Oh, baby."

I couldn't believe I was being fucked. I couldn't believe if felt so good, his pubic hair at my buns, his lips at my neck, pumping until he lost control. I loved the fact that my ass was giving him so much pleasure, my body making his body helpless. He fucked and fucked hard, harder and harder until he rocked me with his climax, both of us falling away, helpessly bound to one another, Frank pulsing inside of me forever, it seemed, unlocking to kiss once more.

For nearly two years, Frank saw no one else, while I continued to see a girl. We even did a threesome once, but it was never as satisfying as having sex with Frank alone. And, yeah, he perfected sitting in my lap, especially in the car, ass lubed, riding up and down, grinding so that I still feel it today.