 3.

I awoke to pounding on my door. I swore. A lot. Roger was still asleep under me, his hair normal -- I guess he didn't change while he slept. I saw that he didn't change because of just a hard-on, since I could see the tent under the blankets.

Noting these things -- hey, they could be important! -- I pulled on my pajama pants that were folded neatly on a chair in my bedroom, and went to the door bawling, "For the love of Pete, I'm coming!"

The pounding stopped. I threw the door open. Standing there was a petite woman, about twenty-five, her hair French braided down her head, and I knew it would reach almost to her butt. "Tam, I need you," she said, shoving by me into the kitchen.

"That's what they all say, Nettie," I replied. "Let me go to the bathroom and then you can tell me your newest crisis."

"You think it's funny?"

I waved my hand at her and went to the bathroom. After finishing that up, I was wiping my hands on the towel when I felt someone cross magical barriers. I was connected to that magic room; if someone walked in there, I knew it.

It was probably Nettie -- she had a habit of wandering around my place like she owned it. I heard her say, "Hello," and then Roger respond, "Hello." I came out of the bathroom seeing Nettie in the kitchen. If she was in the kitchen -- 

"Roger, get out of there!" Roger, wearing just his jeans, was in my magical room. Who knew what would happen to him, being a magical creature himself. He was half-way into the room. He hadn't crossed into the Circle, nor seen my cabinet of magical implements. A deer's hoof was just a sample of the weird and odd items in that cabinet.

He backed out, a look of fear on his face. "Sorry."

I took a deep breath. "I didn't mean to panic. It's just that I didn't want you to trip on anything."

He looked at the floor, which was bare wood. Then he looked up at me. I turned from him with a sort of shrug and looked at Nettie. "All right, what is it?"

"The monster is back."

"Your ex-boyfriend?" I asked.

"No, dumbass," she snapped. "The one you destroyed last summer."

Oh, right...that was an easy one. It was a flesh-bound creature, similar to Boris Karloff's Frankenstein, but without the neck bolts. It had been terrorizing a particular funeral parlor -- why, I had no idea, and still don't. By word of mouth, I got on the case and took the beastie out before the funeral guys even knew I was there. White-out can indeed break spells.

"Same one? Same M.O?"

"It's not at Heffeneferen's. It's digging up graves."

I laughed. "Digging up graves?"

Again, she eyed me. "It dug up my grandmother's grave!"

"Nettie...there's a concrete vault under the dirt. Inside that concrete vault are the coffins. It would have had to go through the dirt at least five feet, and then lifted a concrete lid that was at least a foot thick."

"Don't believe me?" She glared at me. "Come with me to Swan Point."

I looked at Roger. I looked at Nettie. I thought about how I would much rather spend my day -- going around a graveyard, or in bed with Roger. Man, it was tempting...

"Let's go," said Roger.

I turned around to Roger. "Excuse me? Who said I wanted to go anywhere?"

Roger smiled. "I like graveyards. Is this one old?"

"One of the oldest -- and prettiest -- in the state," said Nettie. "My family has a plot there."

Roger headed back to the bedroom, presumably to get dressed. I glared at Nettie. "Thanks for ruining a perfectly good day of 'around the world in bed.'"

"Jesus, you have plenty of time to get tail. I'll meet you at my car in ten."

"Ten minutes! I haven't had coff—"

She was already out the door.

"...ffee..." Shrugging, I headed into my bedroom. 

Roger was standing at the side of my bed, holding his shirt at his abdomen, looking thoughtful. "What -- what happened last night?"

"You don't remember anything?" Don't tell me I was going to deal with "50 First Dates".

"I remember making love to you. Twice." He looked me up and down. "I must have been in some semblance of control, since you're not mauled."

The way he looked at me, studying me, got me all hot and bothered again. We had...eight minutes. How much can we do in eight minutes? He then focused on my groin, of which I was showing his appreciation of his appreciation of me. And then he was showing his appreciation of my appreciation...

He was on me in a flash, kissing me madly, his hand in my briefs. Six minutes. He went to his knees immediately, and took me quickly in his mouth. I cast my head back -- God, it was heaven. His warm mouth around my cock, his tongue licking the head, his hands grasping my hips. He took me all the way down to the root, going down his throat. His tongue lashed my underside, hitting the vein here and there and both teasing and stimulating me at the same time.

Then he started to suck me, and I tried not to thrust into him, but couldn't help myself once or twice. He moved with me, easily taking all of me down with each thrust. I felt it boiling up from down below -- I honestly didn't think I had any more in me. "Rog...Roger..." I tapped his head to warn him.

He kept on sucking, which turned me on even more and then I yelled, thrusting forward. He took me with a grunt and swallowed the first couple of shots. He wrapped his hand around my cock and held on for the rest. I stumbled, and would have fallen back if he wasn't holding onto me like a handle.

I looked down at him, and he was looking up at me, his tongue licking his lips. He slowly rose to his feet, and I took his head in my hands. I kissed him deeply, tasting myself on him. That didn't bother me; I've used cum as a spell component before. Don't ask.

I glanced at the clock. Five minutes over due.

"Nettie is going to be a little upset," I said, and pulled up my briefs. 

"Fuck her," Roger said, pulling on his shirt.

"Um...I'd rather fuck you."

He turned and smiled at me, tossing my shirt at me. "Oh, don't worry, you will."

I heard a horn beeping insistently. That was our cue.