 My name's Tamerlane, but most people in the know called me Tam. I was one of few functioning mages in the New England area. I didn't advertise it, because I didn't live on it. I worked as a typical office drone in a Fortune 500 company. Boring, but paid the bills. Everyone there knew I was gay. They also knew that outside of work, I was a huge and harmless flirt. 

My real name is Tom, so the two nicknames aren't so dissimilar. It was a normal day at the office, and I was heading over to the entrance, when I saw a man standing there. I stopped and gaped, hoping he hadn't seen me. He stood an easy six and a half feet, with short-cropped auburn hair. His suit looked too tight on his broad shoulders, that if he moved his arms forward his jacket would split in the back. I looked downward to his legs, not quite so noticeable as the jacket, but I was sure was just as muscular. His butt was probably as hard as steel.

He turned around and saw me standing there. I saw him smile, and he said, "Hey, can you let me in?" Even his voice was like whiskey-drenched silk.

I got closer, trying not to stare at the chest that stretched his shirt. I looked up at his face, but that didn't help, as he had the most beautiful hazel eyes I had ever seen. I swallowed, and pulled on my badge, which was attached to a flexible nylon thread, like a reel. I showed it to the electric eye that read the bar code, and heard the lock snick open. 

"Thanks, bro," he said, holding the now open door for me. I went in, kind of ducking my head. "I'm looking for Mr. Ceasar?"

This distracted me from oggling him. "Oh, third floor, take a right. Just ask the HR secretary."

"Great, thanks." He smiled. "Hope to see you around sometime."

"Uh huh," I could only say.

I watched him walk up the stairs. Yep, a nice hard ass.

I usually ate lunch alone in the cafeteria, wrapped up in the latest literary novel. I heard his voice, "Nice caff." I looked up and saw him with the Account Managers. I smiled to myself, figures he was hired for them. That department was always hiring because of its high-turnover. Being a liaison between crotchety old clients and the company itself easily took the toll out of anyone. I watched him from under my book.

They gossiped about people, and different departments. My department, IT, was notorious for being slow, as all IT departments usually are. My position wasn't actual coding, but more like support and testing. Oh, and I was often called in to assist when things got catastrophic. Why not, I had no life. I overheard what they were saying, and, to be honest, I didn't really care because a lot of it was true. Maggie, one of our techs, was a bitch; Ally was an airhead, and me..."Tom's a faggot," said Jim. "A real faggot."

"Ah," said the big guy as if that explained everything. 

I tucked my head back into my book.

I saw him a couple of times, passing in the hallway, or at lunch. He'd say hi to me in the hallway but wouldn't acknowledge me in the lunch room. Thirsty Thursday came around and a few of us started making plans to hit Mulligan's, what passed for the usual Irish bar in this part of town. We reserved our table for eight, and at five o'clock, we all headed over there. 

I grinned and winked at Peter, getting right into the gay guy persona. Peter chuckled, knowing that I wasn't serious. I never was with this crew. I was having a good time play-flirting with the straight guys and drinking beer. I got up to head to the bathroom, and I saw the big guy from the office sitting at the bar.

I hadn't noticed him because he wasn't in a suit. He was in a tight-fitting "Black Dog" t-shirt and black tight jeans. He was drinking what looked like a simple golden beer and he saw me staring. "Looks like you guys are having fun over there," he said. "Can I join you?"

I looked over at the crew. People from AM had shown up before, it wouldn't be weird. But, then, I'd have to tone down the flirtation to a bare minimum, because who knew what this guy was like? "Sure, gimme a sec." I went into the bathroom to return my deposit, and then back to the bar. He was standing there, waiting for me. He had thick, hairy arms, and even now the beginnings of a five-o'clock shadow. He was so...down, boy, down.

We headed back to the table. "Hey, guys, this is..."

"Roger Marlane," he said, and smiled a disarming smile. The three women at the table stared up at him, and watched as he easily hooked a chair from another table and sat down with us.

"Where have you been hiding, Roger?" asked George.

"I'm in Account Management. It's my first week."

Then along came the conversation about how did he like it so far, what was the gossip, etc. I quietly drank my drink, letting a few innuendos slide. A couple of people noticed. Peter finally said, "Hey, Tom, cat got your tongue?"

"Huh?"

Peter smiled and tilted his head to Roger. "You haven't tried to come onto him yet."

I blushed, I couldn't help it. Roger turned his full attention to me. "Is that so?" he said with a smile, and then he crossed his arms. "And why not?"

Because I'd be meaning everything I said, I wanted to say. I wanted to get in this big, buff, hairy man's pants so bad. The proximity already was making my dick press against my khakis. If I stood up, it would be an embarrassing moment. So, in answer to their question, I shook my head. "I dunno." I fought to get my cock down, thinking of anything but this man sitting next to me. I needed to leave, but fast.

"Tom, you're really funny when you do that," said Ally. "Go on."

"It's cuz he likes him," said Maggie with a hint of disgust.

All the blood in my body ran to my face. I could see Roger out of the corner of his eye, looking at me with a hint of amusement on his face. Since all my blood rushed to my face, that left none for my cock, so I got up, threw my money on the table and muttered a "See you tomorrow."

The next day, I had just walked in, not even getting my coat off, when there was a gentle knock on the doorframe of my cubicle. I looked up to see Roger there. I think I blushed, because I turned away from him instantly. "Hi," I said.

"Hey," he replied. "Look, about last night..."

I shook my head. "Doesn't matter."

"Yes, it does. Was she right? Your friend?"

I took a deep breath and turned around to face him. "I find you attractive, yes."

He smiled. God, what a smile. "I'm flattered, really I am."

"Yeah, well," I looked down and focused on the Transformers littering my desk. "Doesn't matter anyway. You're probably married or got a girlfriend."

"Nope, unattached," he said. He stepped further into the cubie. "Will you have dinner with me tonight, Tom?"

I know I whirled my head to face him. I think my jaw hit the floor. His eyes sparkled with amusement, and maybe something else. 

"I'll take it as a yes. I'll see you after work."

As he walked away, I picked my jaw up off the floor. Was that a dream?

He didn't go to lunch in the caff - AM people usually went out to lunch on paydays. I went back to work, studying the clock every ten minutes until five. When that inaudible whistle blew, I was the first out the door. I waited near the employee entrance.

He wasn't long, and he came out alone. He smiled at me, and that smile was all for me. "Where to?"

"99's good." I had been practicing that line for hours.

"So it is. I'll meet you there."

On the way there, I had time to think up conversational questions that wouldn't get me in trouble. Where are you from? Got any family? What brings you to New Haven? Can I sleep with you? Nope, that one was out.

We got to 99, and I was very proud of myself for one, not drinking myself into saying stupid things, and two, keeping up a purely adult - and straight - conversation. Dinner was done, and we were sitting at the table, the check between us (I demanded to pay half, and after a small argument, he acquiesced), and we were looking at each other, waiting for who would make the first move to the next stage. I said, "You want to--" just as he said it at the same time. We both chuckled, and then I recovered first. "...go to my place for a nightcap?"

"I'd be happy to."

We both knew where this was going, as we headed out into the parking lot. Still keeping up appearances, we went to our cars and headed to my place, about a half an hour away from there. I lived in a large apartment that took up the entire second floor of an old Victorian. 

I led him up to my place and flicked on the lights. I decorate my home very simply except the kitchen, where it had all the modern conveniences that any cook could ever want. Cooking relaxes me after doing work, and it takes up the residual energy that I might have generated. "Come on in, can I get you anything?"

"Just water," he said, looking around. "Nice place." He headed to the large open room that was probably a parlor in its day, but I had cleared out of almost all furniture except for some cabinets with my magical items, that looked pretty mundane to normal eyes. 

Before he could get too far into that room, I handed him his water and said, "Let me show you around the place."

I took him through the eight-room apartment, and then lastly showed him my bedroom. It wasn't much, honestly. I hadn't made the bed, either. "It's very nice," he said, and he was standing so close to me, I could feel his heat. Then, finally, he put his arms around me, and pulled me to him. I sighed, and praised God and all His angels.

He bent his head and kissed the back of my neck, and I closed my eyes. He kept on kissing, to my ear, and he kissed my earlobe. I turned around in his arms, because I hate the neck-breaker kiss, and I looked up at him. Our lips met, and it was all over.

His hands ran up and down my back as we kissed, and I wasted no time - I wanted his skin against mine. I pulled out his shirt tails and tucked my hand underneath - he was hairy there, too. We came up for air. We started to undress each other - he pulled my shirt up over my head. He regarded me, smiling. "Need to put a little meat on your bones," he said, and kissed me to show it really wasn't that big a deal. While being kissed, I finished unbuttoning his shirt, and felt the fur that was his chest. I kneaded my fingers in the hair, loving the wiry softness of it, and I found his nipples. I palmed them bringing them up to hard little nubs.

He ground his crotch against my stomach - he was a little taller than me - and I moaned into the kiss. He broke off and looked at me. "Like that?"

"Yeah...I want it."

"Oh, you'll get it," he said, and started unbuttoning his belt. I pushed his hands away, got to my knees, and finished unbuckling him. I wanted a first-hand look at this.

I unbuttoned the button, and slowly zipped down the khakis. The monster that pressed against his pants was huge. As I unzipped him, I squeezed him with my other hand, and heard him moan. I parted his pants, like a flower, and pushed them down. I helped him step out of those and his socks. 

He stood in boxers, a wet stain on the upper left. I leaned forward and mouthed his cock through his boxers. He moaned and said, "Jesus, stop teasing!"

Finally, I peeled away the boxers. I was not disappointed. His cock sprang up, hitting me in the face. At least a good ten inches long, and four inches wide. I smiled, and licked the head, smearing my saliva and tasting the salty musk of his precum. 

He pulled on my head, trying to pull me up. A little confused, I stood up. He kissed me hard. "No," he said, his voice deep and husky. "I'm gonna fuck you."

I couldn't get out of my pants fast enough. I stood before him, naked. He looked at me, and said in that deep voice again, "Yeah, we need to fill you out."

"Let me get my condoms fi--"

"Got some," he said. "Get on the bed."

I got on it, lying on my back. "No," he said, stroking that huge piece of meat. "Turn over."

I did, a little smile on my face. I hadn't taken it this way in a long time. I felt the bed creak as he put his weight on it - was he heavier, and bigger? I felt his cock rest against the crack of my ass. I heard the tear of paper, and waited patiently. "Dude, I got lube over here--"

He pointed the head of his cock right against my relatively virgin hole, since it had been a few months. He was going to impale me, without any lube, without anything? Shit, this was gonna hurt.

And it did. I screamed at the pain as he forced something the size of what felt like a baseball in through my hole. He rubbed my back, and said, "It's okay, baby, I'm going slow." His voice held a growl under it, like he was barely keeping himself from pounding the shit out of me. Slowly, he pressed inside me, and slowly, I felt more and more full. I relaxed into it, moaning loudly as he kept pushing. Finally, I felt his body against my ass, his hair tickling my ass. I didn't think he had that much hair, but it didn't matter. I went to turn around to look, but he pressed my head against the pillow. 

Then he wrapped his huge hand around my little seven-incher, and pulled out of me as he started to stroke me. He concentrated mostly on stroking me, and his hand was so warm, and big. He kept me impaled on him while his other hand found my balls and started handling those. That was enough - with a cry, I came, all over my sheets. As I regained my breath, he put his hands on my waist and held me up. Then he began stroking, long, deep, leisurely strokes, as if he had all the time in the world. His grunts were deep, loud, animalistic. He rubbed my back, my sides, came around and kneaded what could be called my pecs, and he tweaked my nipples. And as he kept going, I was getting hard again.

He didn't seem like he was going to stop, and I looked down from underneath us. His huge balls were covered in a fine black hair, and were swinging as he moved, and I wanted to suck on them so badly. I saw his thighs - was it me, or was he even hairier than he was before?

He thrust harder, and a pleasurable pain shot through me, right to my dick. I moved my hand back to take care of it, but he slapped my hand away and took it in his again. "Oh God," I finally moaned, when he grabbed my cock and stroked it again. This time, his strokes were getting deeper, his grunts getting louder. 

"Cum inside me," I cried. "Fuck me harder, fill me!"

He instead stroked my cock harder and faster, and I finally raised my head and cried out. Damn, that one would have blacked me out, if I hadn't felt him thrust so deep I thought it was going to come out of my nose. Then he roared. Not like a man, but like a beast, a lion over a conquest. My eyes snapped open at the sound, and I froze, though my ass spasmed around his cock anyway. I slowly turned my head around, to get a good look at him.

Roger was covered in thick black fur. His face was human for the most part, but he had a thick beard and what looked like downy fur all over his face. His eyes were closed in pure ecstasy as he was still buried in me. He slowly started to open his eyes, and I looked away quickly, my face in the pillow.

With another grunt, he pulled himself out of me. "Roger?" I called, and looked back. Sure enough, he was absolutely covered in hair, almost fur. 

He was walking out of my bedroom. "Not now," he growled.

I turned over, avoiding the wet spot, and rolled out of bed. I heard the water running in the bathroom, so I headed there. The door was closed and locked. "Roger, are you okay in there?"

"Not now," he growled again, more insistently.

"Roger," I said, "I saw you."

"What?"

"I saw you, covered in fur."

Finally, he opened the door. He looked like he did when I first got his clothes off, hairy, but not furry. "You saw me."

"Yes."

He looked down. "I'm sorry I scared you."

"You didn't scare me, but it came as a shock. Want to tell me about it?"

"You wouldn't believe me."

I smirked at him, and took his hand. "Try me," I said, leading him back to the bedroom.