 8.

Roger kept his hand on me as we drove in silence back to my house. I was thinking, rolling the pieces around in my hand. I had a suspicion, I had an idea, and I was in lock-down full-bore mage mode, which did not do anything for any kind of sexual attraction. Roger must have sensed it because he didn't try and tease me.

"Do you need my help?" Nettie asked as she dropped us off.

"No," I said. "In fact, the farther away from here you are, the better it'll be."

Nettie looked worried, then reached across the seat and hugged me awkwardly through the window. "Please be careful, Tam."

I turned to look at Roger, and then toward his car. "Maybe you'd better go, too."

"I know what you're going to do," Roger said, "And I'll be damned if I'm going to let you do it without anyone to protect you."

"Roger, it might be the other way around."

"You're just going to let a zombie walk into your house?"

"Are you kidding?" I said. "I'm going to let a necromancer walk into my house."

~~~~~~

I couldn't let Roger's worry distract me as I set up the circle. Luckily, I'm not one of those wacky mages that needs Tantric sex to build power - I can do it just fine all by myself, thank you very much. I didn't know what the magic would do to him. All I could do was put a protective circle around him - which I proceeded to do. 

"Don't step outside of that circle of chalk, no matter what happens," I said.

He narrowed his eyes at me, but stood silently.

I wore comfortable clothes, though most times in the privacy of my own home, I stripped naked. Hell, I was having a guest over. Might as well look nice. 

I summoned the four quarters for protection, then stepped into my brass circle. I began a chant, something that would generate power, something that would shine like a beacon to anyone with any sort of magical sense. I stopped the chant, and looked around the room. "Come out, come out, wherever you are..."

My apartment door opened slowly. I needed to remember to oil those hinges. It was like all those cheesy creepy movies that you saw when you were a kid - from out of the darkness came...

Zombies.

First came their smell. The smell of death, of the grave, of earth freshly turned. Then they came out into the light of my circle. Partial skeletons, bits of flesh still hanging from them. Heff, man, you did a rotten job on these guys.

The zombies came forward, shambling, as you would expect from the cheesy movies, and I didn't move, thinking the circle protected me. I heard a roar, a beast, and said, "Oh, no--" as Roger leapt from his circle at the zombies coming toward me. He decapitated them with a mere swipe of his claw, and they fell to the floor of my apartment.

God, how was I going to explain this?

"See here now," said a voice with a heavy Indian accent, "whatever are you doing to my army of zombies?"

I glanced at the two pieces, at my feet, and they were glowing. I smiled; the bait worked.

Roger was not Roger, was not even human, but was a full bear - just what I was afraid of. I looked up at the necromancer, who was dressed in a simple button-down shirt and a pair of black pants, with long black hair tied up into a pony tail. He was handsome as an Indian, with deep chocolate skin and black, black eyes.

Yeah, I'd do him.

The necromancer started saying a spell, a spell I knew. Roger backed away, snarling. I yelled, "You came for these, didn't you?" I held up the jet piece.

He stopped the spell. Roger had backed up to the edge of my circle. If his butt end came any closer, it would break the circle, and my protection. Bears have wide asses, I realized at that moment.

"Give them to me."

"Not until you tell me your evil plan."

"What evil plan?"

"Come on, every villain has an evil plan."

He said calmly, "This chess set belonged to my master, and he has sent me on a quest to reclaim it."

"To what end?"

"So that it goes to where it rightfully belongs."

"Is your master a necromancer?"

"He is a master of many magics," and then he grinned at me. "He could best you in battle with but a wave of his hand."

"Yeah, yeah, spare me the 'my dad's dick's bigger than your dick' shit." However, I was thinking. Maybe it was true. It wouldn't be the first time that an Englishman stole something that belonged rightfully to a native.

"Do you promise to not bother this family again if I give you these pieces?"

"I do."

"Do you promise not to exact anything against me or my guardian?" I flicked a glance at Roger, who snarled on command.

"I do. I only claim what is ours."

I put the pieces on a small rubber mat, and cut open a tiny hole in the protection bubble. I shoved the pieces out the length of my arm, then pulled back. Roger then did something I didn't expect - with his claw, he took the edge and dragged it out a little further, to the doorway of my magic room,, and then stepped back to the edge of my circle. He grumbled about it, waving his head back and forth.

The necromancer picked up the pieces, and examined them. 

"Oh, and leave two grand on the table."

"What?"

"Leave two grand on the table. I have to pay for the gold."

He seemed to spit, and then took out a wallet, leaving a wad of money on the table. I expected him to have that kind of money, the way he looked to me.

"And clean up your mess."

The zombies reformed in a swirl of dust, which the necromancer - I could tell by the beads of sweat on his brow - had to exert some sort of will to do. It was flashy and showy and meant to intimidate. Hell, I could have done it faster with a broom and dustpan. 

The necromancer left, the zombies following. I took a deep breath and brought down the circle, while I watched Roger change from a big hefty bear to a big bear of a man, with a huge hard-on.

I crawled over to him, and stretched out full length over his body, his cock pressed against me. He moaned, saying, "You got any lube this time?"

I grabbed some oil that I usually used for anointing candles. Well, this was a candle of a sort, right? 

I lay next to him, and, as was his habit, he turned me away from him so my back was against his chest. First he kissed the back of my neck, and kissed his way down my back. His hands came up to my pectorals, and he pulled, twisted my nipples.

By this time I was hard, moaning, and mere putty in his hands. He kept moving down, and when he kissed my butt, I thrust up to him. He gripped both ass-cheeks and spread me wide.

I knew where he was going. He bit me on the ass, playfully, and then his face was in my crack, and his tongue lapping at my sensitive hole. I tried to keep still for him, but I found myself thrusting back. Then he trust into my hole with his tongue, licking the sides of the wall as far as his tongue would go. I clenched on his tongue, which elicited a growl from him. He was relentless, then, spreading me even wider.

After a bit of that, he pulled back. I was rock hard now, leaking all over. Next I felt something cold and wet at my ass, and I clenched. He kissed my back, and I felt a finger rub the cold and wet, making it warm and wet; and the finger thrust inside me. 

"More," I said, almost begging. Okay, so maybe I was begging.

He thrust another finger inside. I wanted more than that, but moved my hips, driving them deep. He hooked his finger and found my prostate, which caused me to gasp. I closed my eyes and he stroked me there again and again, until I exploded all across my hard wood floor.

He raised himself up and kissed me, fingers still in my hole as I spasmed around them. Panting, I lay my head against his hairy neck. He moved up to my still spasming hole, and pressed the head of his cock against me. I sighed, pushed against him. He slipped his cock into my open and lubed hole, and I groaned, finally getting what I wanted.

Then he started thrusting, and I was lost, shoving back, clenching, moaning...He growled and thrust twice more into me, and then I felt him shudder and warmth fill me. He lay next to me, and I felt his downy fur against my back. I took his hands and clasped them over my chest, kissing them.

I could get used to this.

The next day, after sleeping in my bed, I got a phone call from Nettie's mom demanding where the gold was. I said I had sold it for her, and had the cash. After she screamed at me, she drove down herself and picked up the money, but not without giving Roger and me a hateful glare.

So things ended well, don't you think?

Until Monday rolled around. But that's another story.

###

The End. For now.