 I knocked on the bedroom door and Tom told me to come in, he was standing by the window looking outside and I mused just how seriously he took these things. We'd been seeing each other for a couple of months now, the first few times in a hotel and now at his place, once a month to begin with but it was now every other week but this was first time I'd arranged to stay overnight with him. I'd been here for a couple of hours and we'd already fooled around, getting naked together on his couch and making out while watching TV, using our mouths on each other and we had all night so I knew this was coming, Tom loved role play and lately if we were pressed for time he's like us to engage in it, so with the luxury of an entire night together I assumed we'd be playing. This was a game he particularly enjoyed and we'd had variations of it before, he was the client, the powerful figure and my company needed his business, my job was on the line and I'd need to do whatever he wanted me to and so on. In essence what Tom liked was me to be a reluctant participant to his dirty old man, but I'd end up loving what we did.

I didn't mind indulging him at all, sometimes I enjoyed it as much as he did although I found it difficult to stay in character as totally Tom did, he really threw himself into things and sometimes I could feel him become frustrated with me if I wasn't taking things seriously enough. Tonight though I was on form and played my part with sincerity knowing that the payoff would be my reward. Tom went through his routine with gusto and made inappropriate advances on me with I pretended to rebuff until it was made clear that my job would go if I didn't let him have his way with me.

'But I'm married, I'm straight!' I would pled, in fact I am married but perhaps not all that straight given that I'm having an affair with another man, but he liked me to talk about me being married, it really got him off that he was fucking a married man, I think it was one of his favorite things about me.

Things ran their course then, Tom kissing me and me putting up token resistance but ultimately joining in, Tom rubbing his cock on my face and making me lick it for him, he really did have a beautiful cock, I was fascinated by how different it looked to my own with its large foreskin that continued to cover the end of his cock even when he was hard, as he was now. I told him I didn't want to suck his cock and he felt my groin with his hand and found me hard

"Why are you so hard if you don't like it?" predictable, but enjoyable. Before long we were both naked and he touched me all over, he liked this, he liked my body, liked that it was almost twenty years younger than his, liked that I was trim, that my bum was firm, he was always touching my bum. he played with my cock for a while and my protests began to soften as his tongue found my aching cock and his finger found its way into my asshole, I knew what was coming next, or at least I thought I did. 

Normally at this point I give him a blowjob and he talks dirty to me, although sometimes blowjob might not be the right word, sometimes he fucks my mouth, standing above my head as I lay on my back he slaps his cock on my face and then pushes it into my mouth as far as he can until I can feel his balls resting on my nose then thrusting it in and out. Since I've been seeing Tom I've mastered the art of the deep throat blowjob, a fact I'm rather proud of. I think I could even my wife a few tips on how to suck a cock nice and deep although I'm not sure that she'd want to know how I acquired the knowledge. That's what normally would happen, but not tonight.

Tom pulled his mouth off my cock but left his finger inside my ass, he moved next to me and kissed me before he stuck out his tongue and licked my mouth across the lips before pulling his finger out of me and sticking it in my mouth, before I could say or do anything he slid back down and flipped me over onto my front and buried his face in my ass grabbing my bum cheeks in his hands and licking at my asshole with his tongue. He knew I loved this, when he rimmed me and I pushed my bum into the air to give him better access to my ass, I felt one of his hands reach beneath me and grab my cock squeezing it hard before in moved onto my balls then it moved again and found its way into my asshole. I moaned with pleasure and vaguely registered Tom wanking himself behind me when he suddenly pushed up behind me and I felt him starting to push his cock against my asshole.

In all the time we've been seeing each other Tom has never fucked my ass, and that's not because he doesn't want to. We'd discussed it and I'd told him that I really wasn't sure if I wanted to, he'd understood not wanting to let a man fuck him either, but he definitely wanted to do me and suddenly he was attempting to do so.

"Tom wait" I said and tried to turn and face him but he pushed me down and before I could complain again the end of his cock was pressing inside me, he grabbed my shoulders and pressed me down as he attempted to push further inside my ass and I realized that he hadn't been wanking behind me, rather he's been lubing up his cock ready for its intrusion.

"I don't know if I want this" I told him but he buried his face into my back and pushed further inside me, I felt my asshole stretching and full, an uncomfortable sensation as he tried to work himself into me and I felt a sense of unease flood through me, all my attention now focusing on the growing discomfort his cock was causing.

I'd now lost my erection and was on the verge of panic as Tom started to buck his hips and tried to build up a rhythm inside me when I felt his balls hit my bum and I knew he was all the way inside me, I was about to speak when Tom pushed two of his fingers inside my mouth and started to lick to back of my neck and then the side of my face, and then as though from nowhere like a key finding a lock the pain in my ass subsided as Tom pulled himself out, and when he pushed back in again the pain was replaced by an almost pleasant fullness as the muscles in my ass started to relax. I could hear Tom panting in my ear as his fingers left my mouth and my grabbed my arms and held me to the bed fucking me with evermore tempo and pressure, my face screwed up tight as I moaned in what might have been pleasure or distress as far as Tom knew but whatever he thought he was closing in on cumming.

His pace became frantic as he got close to finishing and then I felt him, first the twitching of his cock then I'm not sure, I'm not sure if I felt his cum inside me as he ejaculated or just imagined that I did, but I knew he'd cum as he let out moan after moan of pleasure. We lay as we were for a while, I felt him lose some of his erection inside me and then he slowly pulled himself out, got up and walked into the bathroom saying nothing to me. I lay there not moving, trying to understand what had just happened, trying to comprehend how I felt about it. I rolled onto my back and saw that my cock was hard again although I had no idea when I'd become so again, was it during or after? I heard the door and Tom walked back into the bedroom.

I lay naked my cock hard and my ass tingling and sore, Tom looked me over, I saw he was hard again, he sat down next to me on the bad and placed his hand on my cock.

"We can still be friends," he said "We can still chat and laugh, but from now on you do as I say when we fuck." he looked me straight in the eye when he spoke and for a moment I though he looked unsure of himself as he let the announcement hang in the air, his hand lightly wanking me and then he leaned over and stuck his tongue into to mouth hard and squeezed my cock hard.

"Understand?" he asked as he pulled away from me and opened my legs. He pressed his finger against my asshole and caught a dribble of his cum running out and smeared it around the rim of my ass, and then pushed his finger inside me and brought it out glazed in cum before offering it to my mouth

"Understand?" he asked me again and I opened my mouth and let his finger inside and sucked on it. He bent down and started sucking my cock expertly and as I shot my cum in his mouth I understood that if I wanted to keep seeing him my role in the relationship was now subservient to him, if we were to carry on together he would do whatever he wanted to me. I didn't know if we'd stay together, but I knew that I was in for an interesting night at any rate.