 This is fiction based on intense fantasy! 

***

My wife and I like to step out of our comfort zones when we go out of town. 

This time we were staying at a nudist resort in Tucson. We both love nudism. 

And tonight we are going to a gay dance club. I have been very open with my wife about my bisexuality and my desire to be with another man. I have never had sex with another man, but I fantasize about it constantly — even when she and I are making love. 

I think my wife secretly fantasizes about having sex with another woman, but she denies it whenever I mention the idea.

As we go into "Teased and Tattooed" we see same sex couples on the dance floor gyrating and grinding against each other to a pounding beat. We head toward the back looking for available seats at cocktail tables. 

As we head toward a bar on the right, I see this hot looking, beefy guy leaning against it. He is just wearing a leather vest on top, revealing a somewhat hairy, muscular chest. He has thick arms and wears tight jeans. 

He is handsome, hot, has a very attractive face with several days' growth of stubble. He is looking at the dancers as we walk in, but turns in our direction as we walk to the in his direction.

He and I kind of lock eyes for an instant, but I glance away, nervous, unsure of myself. As we approach, I look at him again, trying to appear nonchalant as I try to get a another glimpse. My eyes quickly scan down to his crotch. He apparently notices and right away adjusts himself. When I look up at his face again, he is smiling confidently, knowingly. I quickly look away, embarrassed but aroused. 

As my wife leads the way to the back, we pass by the man in the vest. A moment later as we look around for a table, I glance back at him and he is watching me, smiling, nodding his head up and down like he knows my type.

We wind up in an area with a lot of women seated on a couch and in chairs around of few small cocktail tables. Melody and I grab a couple chairs to sit next to each other. The women are mostly engaged in conversation with each other. A few are scoping the dance floor.

I check the dance floor, then look back at the man in the vest. He is watching me and ever so slightly nods up and down. This time I don't turn away immediately. We lock eyes for for what seemed like a minute or more but it was probably no more than five seconds. 

I am starting to get hard. He is definitely the kind of guy I fantasize about, powerfully built, dominant-looking and completely self-assured. 

As the night unfolds. I find myself glancing in his direction every now and then. I see him talking to other guys at the bar. Occasionally, we share a look in each other's eyes. I am sure he knows I am lusting for him. But I am not sure if he is just teasing me, playing me.

My wife and I dance a few times — one of the few hetero couples on the floor. The last time we were up, I am looking over her shoulder at him and he very deliberately adjusts his package as he looks into my eyes. I do not turn away. I lick my lips in a wanton gesture of desire. 

A while later as we are dancing again, the floor fills with people shaking and gyrating to the pulsing beat of the music. The crowd is thick, congested. I look around, searching for the man in the leather vest. 

Then I feel someone bumping up against me from behind. It's him! My wife has her arms up, her eyes closed as she shakes her sexy ass. 

I turn to him. He puts his hands around my waist and pulls me to him as he says "Dance with me!" We make a few moves together as a couple when Melody taps me on the back.

I look over my shoulder and she says "Well alright then, see you back at the table."

"Okay," I say. And then it's just him and me. The music is loud, hard, pounding. Most people are dancing apart, but he keeps his hands on my waist and I put my arms around him as I look into his eyes with naked desire.

"I think you need a man tonight," he almost shouts, to be heard over the music. I just nod, yes. 

And then he leans in and kisses me. My mouth opens to his probing tongue as I respond to him with lust and enthusiasm. My wife, the last thing on my mind right now. My hands go around his head as I pull him in to me. His hands are on my ass pressing my erection against his big, hard cock.

We make out like that for a minute or two, and then he takes my hand and pulls me through the jam of gyrating dancers.

He takes me out a side exit and to a dark grove of trees beside the parking lot. 

My mind is overwhelmed with desire, my emotions and lust causing my heart to race. 

Again he pulls me in and we are kissing again, his hands again on my ass pressing me into him. My hands are around his head as his tongue plunders my mouth, dances with my tongue. My hands go to his hard chest, touching, caressing, fondling his nipples. 

I break the kiss to lick and suck and tease first one nipple, and then the other as my right hand reaches for his bulge and caresses his hot, hard manhood.

He puts his hands on my shoulders and presses slightly as I gladly sink to my knees my mouth seeking out the bulge in his Levis. I grab his ass and pull him into me. 

He unbuckles his belt, opens on the button on his pants and unzips. I pull down his pants and underwear.

His dick - one of those amazing erections that goes vertical - slaps against his abdomen as I reach for it hungrily. I hold it, feeling its heat and hardness and pull it to me. First, I kiss it with reverence. I lick the clear spot of pre-cum on the crown. Then I take him into my mouth. First just the head, then I sink deeper, taking as much as I can. 

God Damn, I have wanted this for sooo fucking long. And this guy whose name I don't even know is so fucking hot and sexy I am almost hyperventilating.

He pumps into me with his hands on my head now, and my hands on his ass pulling him to me. 

It doesn't last long. Soon I feel his hard dick get even harder and he kind of trembles as he goes off, his cock shooting hot sperm into my hungry mouth. I swallow and swallow and swallow some more.

But before he finishes, I moan, pull off of his cock and cry out as my own cock erupts with sexual excitement. The fluid making a wet mark of passion on my pants.

Some of his sperm splashes onto my face.

I pull back and look up at him as he smiles down at me. He reaches with his fingers for a dollop of sperm that splashed on my cheek and feeds it to me. I lick it off and moan with lust.

He says "That was good. Thanks for that."

I tell him it's my first time, something I have wanted for so many years. 

"Thanks for letting me suck your amazing cock. I would love to do it again,' I tell him.

He pulls up his pants. I stand and we kiss again, his tongue swirling into my mouth no doubt tasting remnants of his own nectar.

"My name's Barrett," he says.

"Josh," I respond.

"I've never seen you in here before. You live around here?"

"No," I explain, "my wife and I are here on vacation."

"Your wife is okay with this?" he says gesturing toward himself.

"She knows I have always wanted something like this. She is very patient, understanding. And she may have an interest in something extra for herself."

"How long are your in town?" he asks as we head back into the club.

"Here for a week."

"Give me your number. Maybe we can explore a little more before you leave."

Back at the bar, we exchange phone numbers. He leans in and we kiss again with open mouths.

"I'll be in touch," he says.

My wife is now on the couch talking to a couple of other women when I get back. 

She looks at me, raises here eyebrows. "Well, well, well! Looks like someone had a little adventure! Are you okay?"

"I'm better than okay. I'm great! That guy is so fucking hot. And believe me, it was not a little adventure. He is packing some serious meat!"

She notices the wet crotch of my pants. "Wow, looks like you overflowed with excitement!"

"You had better not be coming back to me with any STDs, she said. "No sex with me until you get tested!"

"No problem. Got it!"

Then a line dance comes on, and one of the women she was talking to grabs her arm and pulls her to the dance floor.

I sit there, still in kind of the afterglow of a lusty daze when I look to the bar and see him watching me. I motion for him to join me. 

As my wife dances with her new female friends, he pulls a chair next to me, sits down and puts his arm around me. I place my right hand on his left thigh under the table and slide it up to fondle his bulge. I am once again getting aroused. And his bulge is growing.

"Next time, I want more than just a blow job!" he says.

"I can't wait," I tell him.

This is going to be one hell of a vacation!