 I thought everything would change after my experience with Anna.

I wasn't sure how, but what happened seemed so significant in my mind. I thought it would change everything, but it didn't. I went home that night and showered, shaved, and got ready for bed just like I always did. My mind was running in circles, but that was about it. After I finished my shower I climbed into bed and talked about the party briefly with my wife and went to sleep. 

I woke up the following morning and went about my normal weekend routine, and I went back to work on Monday without the wife having even a hint that anything happened Friday night. I arrived at work and nobody was staring at me, and other than having a new secretary my life post-Anna seemed to be exactly like it was before Anna. 

I suppose the one big change was the amount of time I spent on the internet at home. I really wished I could talk to Anna or better yet talk to some of those other "straight guys" that she had been with. I wanted company, I wanted to know it wasn't just me and that I wasn't somehow tainted from doing what I had done. Of course, the internet is the next best thing and I started researching as much as possible. I spent a lot time on forums, and read stories about "gay" encounters and all I did was get myself more confused. There were moments where I thought I could go through with it again, if the situation presented itself, but mostly I just felt confused. I know I don't find men attractive, and I wasn't exactly sure if I could find another Anna even if I wanted to. 

Two weeks eventually passed and I really thought this whole thing was behind me as much as it could be. My life had a pattern just like it did before and I was fine with that. Wake up, go to work, go to bed. I could live with that. I thought about Anna a lot and what happened, but I had compartmentalized that one little incident in my mind, and I felt like I could get by with the occasional fantasy and the normal routine of my life.

However, that "normalcy" that I thought had come back all but disappeared after I got a call from security two weeks later. I was sitting in my office when the phone rang, "Is this Mr. James?" The voice on the other end asked. I knew immediately it was security because of the caller ID on the phone.

"Yes, it is. Can I help you?"

"I don't know yet. I'm Chris Vale from down in security. There were a couple cars that were broken into down here and we're trying to interview everyone that uses the underground lot."

"Umm, okay, but I don't know anything about a break-in."

"Yeah nobody does so far, but it's just our routine."

"That's fine. When should I stop down?"

"Umm, we have you slotted for 3:30 - stop down anywhere aroudn that time." Chris stated as he hung up the phone before I could agree to the time.

A couple hours passed and after a quick trip on the elevator I exited and walked up to the security center. I opened the door and walked in to find a rather neat, but unspectacular office with full windows surrounding the enclosure where walls normally would be.

As I entered I noticed a tall wiry looking fellow standing behind his desk. The placard on his desk said his name was Chris Vale, and he was wearing blue jeans and a black button up shirt with a security badge on the right chest pocket. I figured this was the same man I spoke with earlier, and immediately noticed his sharp blue eyes. They were almost too blue, like he was wearing colored contacts or something. He was also bald, with a pretty imposing jawline, and he actually looked a lot like my best friend Tim right after he got out of the Army.  

He also had a strange smile on his face, which made me a little uncomfortable right away.

"Hi, it's Mike." I offered my hand for a quick shake before getting our interview started.

"Hey, Mike. Chris Vale. I called you down to go over some things we found while reviewing tapes looking for information on a break-in. Are you cool with that?"

"Sure." 

Chris then started detailing exactly why I was called down to his office. Apparently three weeks ago there was a break-in while the owner of the car was out of town for vacation and security was reviewing tapes to try to assist the investigation.  I had thought about the security cameras after my night with Anna, but I concluded that the cameras were for nothing more than show and even if they weren't I hadn't noticed any around where we there that night. After a few days passed I sort of put them out of my mind, but now my mind was running in circles as I wondered to myself whether Chris had seen something incriminating.

"Do you know why I called YOU down here, Mike?" The way he said YOU and Mike made my stomach turn. If I wasn't sure before - I was now. I was terrified, he clearly saw something, and I could only assume he saw it all.

"No." I answered matter of factly, trying to remain calm.

"No, what?" 

"No.....I don't know why you called me down here."

"Hmm, that's funny Mike," again saying my name with a hard K that let me know he had something on me, "because when I was reviewing the tapes I came across one specific tape that was pretty interesting."

I continued trying to feign ignorance, and after awhile of this back and forth the guard started to get impatient because his monotone was disappearing and he was now sounding increasingly frustrated with me.

"Listen, I'm going to make this easy on you. A couple weeks ago I saw a nice looking fellow on his knees sucking some crossdressers cock. Was that you Mike."

"No, I don't believe it was." Unfortunately for me even if my voice was convincing my face was bright red and I was beginning to sweat.

"Jesus christ you're a tough nut to crack. Listen, I have a fucking tape. Would you rather just 'fess up or do you want me to turn the tape over to your manager? I'm sure blowing some dude in a dress in the parking lot is against company policy. Don't you think?"

I thought before that maybe even if I was on tape I wouldn't be recognizable, but I also knew that the security guard was apparently smart enough to figure out it was me just from seeing me every day walking to the elevator, so I couldn't imagine my manager wouldn't.

"Fine, you know it was me obviously. What do you want?" I asked, hating myself for getting into this situation in the first place.

"Sir." 

"Huh?" I responded not quite sure what he meant.

"What do you want, Sir. That's the way you should be asking the question, Mike." Again, with the Mike nonsense. I couldn't stand the way he was saying my name at the end of every sentence he uttered.

"What do you want, Sir?" At this point I just wanted to get out of there. I was hoping he would ask for a quick payoff and I could be done with this all. I could take the tape, destroy it - and be on my way.

"That's better.  I'm going to be a nice guy Mike and give you the tape. I was just wondering though, do you suck a lot of dick?" 

"No. Listen, I know what you think you saw, and that was.......that was a mistake. It was my secretary, Anna. Do you remember Anna?"

"All I know is that girl had a dick. She was a transsexual, then, eh?"

"Yeah."

"So you like sucking dick? That's what I want to know, Mike. Just tell me, are you a cocksucker?"

I definitely didn't like where this was going. Part of me wanted to just beat him into submission until he gave me the tape. Part of me just wanted to run and leave town forever. I didn't really know what to do, but I was getting mad, and I was embarassed. 

"Listen, I know that you know what I did...can I.....can I have the tape please???"

"You're really getting on my nerves here. AGAIN, are you a cocksucer?" Chris asked with a more intense tone than previously. 

"Yeah, I'm a fucking cocksucker, whatever, just give me the fucking tape. PLEASE!!" My voice had changed, I was no longer even sounding composed. I was flustered and practically screaming, although I kept my voice pretty low.

"You're a cocksucker, what?" Mike asked condescendingly.

"I'm a fucking cocksucker, okay. I sucked a cock" I responded sounding increasingly defeated by the events taking place.

"No, dipshit. You're supposed to say, I'm a cocksucker, SIR."

"I'm a cocksucker, SIR," I stated imitiating the tone and inflection in his voice when he posed the question, "So, can I have the tape now?" 

"Do you want to suck my cock for the tape then?" Chris was now sounding more in control and I couldn't deny that I had lost control of the situation. I knew I wasn't going to suck his dick for the tape though, I couldn't.

I was mad, and I certainly wasn't turned on. I still had a wife and a child at home, and I was finally getting back to enjoying the normalcy of my life again. I had struggled with this for the past two weeks and I was finally feeling good about moving forward. I just wanted to forget about my temporary obsession, I wanted to dismiss it as merely a momentary lapse of sanity. I really didn't need this to be happening now, not here, not with a guy.

Then Chris decided to change the groundrules offering a different set of conditions. He wanted me to come into the back room with him. He wanted me to just sit in front of him for 5 minutes and watch him masturbate. That was his condition - I would have to sit on the floor like a dog watching him play with himself and I would have to keep "my mouth to myself."

I don't know that this was the best option in the world, but I wanted the tape back and I didn't want to lose my job, and more importantly I didn't want all my references, and all of my friends, and my wife to potentially know that I sucked Anna's cock. I knew I could do this, at this point I was anything but turned on, I hated this guy. I certainly didn't want to suck his dick, and I could definitely sit still for five minutes and ignore this asshole while he gots his rocks off by treating me like some idiot that couldn't keep his hands to himself for more than 300 seconds.

We then walked back to the office exiting the greeting area where the walls were full-length windows. At least I wouldn't be doing this anywhere where people could see us. We had privacy now and I was happy enough for that. As soon as we entered the room Chris lowered his pants, made his way over to the chair behind the desk, and sat down. 

"Come on over Mike. Just take a seat in front of me on the floor. I want to make sure you have ringside seats before the show starts." He seemed to be enjoying this too much, and it just made me hate him all the more. I then meekly made my way over, I crouched down sliding my legs underneath me and I was within a foot or so of his feet. Chris then reached down and had me positioned where my back was leaning up against his right leg with the rest of me positioned between his legs.  

"Showtime!" Chris exclaiimed as he pulled his loose fitting boxers to the side and let his dick fall out.

The sheer size and girth of his cock left me mesmerized almost immediately. At this point I wasn't feeling anything other than amazement. It was huge. It hung down like a third leg, looked heavy, I never thought of a dick as "heavy" but this thing looked like it could qualify for its own zip code. I just stared, I stared for maybe 15 seconds before I even thought to look up at Chris.

"Big, huh?" Chris asked clearly impressed by his own size as well.

"It's fucking huge." I responded with a hint of awe in my voice, probably providing this imbecile with exactly the reaction he was hoping for. 

Mike started slowly playing with his cock, and it was growing quickly. It was so much bigger than my own, or Anna's. It may have been the size of Anna's cock and mine combined.

His monster cock was now stretched up into the air and he continued stroking it slowly. It was 11 inches of cock sticking straight up into the air while being propped up by Chris's hands and I just watched. I was completely mesmerized. As I continued to watch it almost seemed like his cock was pulsating in rhythmn with his hand as he slid it up and back down slowly. He wasn't jerking it to get off, it was clear he just wanted to get it hard enough to show it off for me.

"You like it don't you Mike. You are a little cock-whore aren't you? I know guys like you," he continued stroking his cock as he talked to me. 

His hands just kept moving up and down, and I couldn't stop watching. I could almost feel the heat coming off his cock and hitting me in the face I was so close. I didn't even notice as I started moving my own hand over my cock. I don't think I could have sucked his dick on my own, but when Chris took the back of my neck and moved my head in slowly I just couldn't stop him. 

I did try pulling back, but only gently, and I was barely putting up any fight at all. He then began to push his cock down with his other hand, pointing it straight at my mouth with his free hand. Finally my lips were within milimeters of the head, the gigantic head that stood at the end of this monstrous cock.

I then opened my lips and I began licking the head. It was just like with Anna, execpt for the extra 5 inches and the fact that I could barely even get the head in my mouth at first. I kept going though, I opened my mouth and finally went beyond the head. I couldn't go far, but I was trying - I wanted it all so badly. I was once again possessed, I wanted this, I wanted this more than anything. I started bobbing my head up and down, his dick was getting wetter, and I was drooling all over his cock while my own cock was again trying to bust through my own pants. 

I thought about Anna for a moment, and then my wife, but I mostly I was thinking about finishing off this man that I wanted to beat within an inch of his life just moments earlier.

"Jesus christ, you're a filthy little slut aren't you. Tell me how much you love my cock!" Chris was now grunting a little as I sucked and his hands were all over the top of my head, playing with my hair and occasionally reaching down to move some of the spit and precum that was coming out of my mouth around my face. 

He then took hold of my head and pulled me off his hard cock, "Do you want my cock now, Mike?"

I didn't say anything, I just hummed something along the lines of a yes, and started looking up into his eyes. I looked at him with a lust that I hadn't experienced in my life. With Anna it all happened so fast, I enjoyed it, but nothing like this. 

"Are you my little gay slut now Mike?" Chris asked holding my head back with his hands.

"I am, I'm a fucking slut, please let me suck your cock." I was pleading now, I felt so helpless, but I loved it.

I loved the taste of his precum, and I loved the feeling of his hard cock pistoning in and out of my mouth.

"You're MY slut though, aren't you? Aren't you Mike?" He pulled my head back off of his cock, but I didn't care any more what he called me, I loved hearing him debasing me like this. I was a dirty cocksucker right then, I really did love it, and I wanted to make him cum. 

"I am, I'm your slut...please..." I was pulling my head forward, but Chris hands were still intertwined in my hair. I was so consumed with lust that I think I would have let him pull all of my hair out if it meant I could wrap my mouth back around his cock. Just when I thought I might do that Chris let my head go and I went back down on his cock furiously pumping with one hand as I rode my mouth up and down over his stiff prick. 

"Oh, god keep sucking it, keep sucking......" Chris was practically hissing now as he spoke, and started lifting his hips off the chair to feed more and more of his monster. I thought I was about to cum in my own pants when I felt his already impossibly large cock start to swell and I knew Chris was about to cum.

All of sudden it happened, his cum started pouring into my mouth. He was lifting his hips more violently than before and he was pushing my head down his cock, I was gagging and tears were in my eyes, but I wanted it all. 

"Swallow it you fucking bitch," he just kept cursing and and the cum was now in my throat, in my mouth, and a lot of it was pouring out and down his cock. I think I surprised myself and Chris when I pulled myself off his dick and immediately dove into his balls and the bottom of his cock to lick up what came out and to rub my face around what was left. I don't even know what possessed me to do it, but I wanted to feel it on my face. I wanted more.

I then took his cock back in mouth. It was softer now and still covered in a mixture of cum and spit but I just kept sucking on it. I loved the taste, and I started to unbutton my own pants. I almost came in them once already and I needed to finish myself off. 

"No you don't, get out of here and clean yourself up." Chris pulled his dick away from my mouth and started to stand pulling his boxers back over his cock. I just sat there staring up at him, my pants were almost ready to come off and I wanted to get myself off so badly, but when I continued trying to free my aching cock from my pants Chris grabbed me and lifted me to my feet.

"Get the fuck out of here slut. I have work to do." And with that Chris lifted me the rest of the way and pushed me out of the office and back into the greeting area. I quickly buttoned my pants back up and turned around to say something, but when I did the door slammed in my face. I felt so confused, and I felt hurt, but I also felt something else. I felt dirty, and used, and I liked it.