 This is the story of how I came to be an Asian cock and ass freak. I had no idea how much I craved dick until I became a student in the eastern U.S. I was attending a party that was being thrown for the better students in my department by professorial graduate school assistants. The event was located at a professor's home who was known to "swing both ways", if you catch my drift. Even though I mingled pretty much with my undergraduate friends, I noticed I was being stared at by a blond dude whom I never recollected seeing around the campus. I wasn't in touch with my current attractions then but I recall I did not seem uncomfortable as he was an attractive guy. He must have seen me help myself at the bar, as he had rum and coke refreshers presented to us by the bartender. He toasted me as he was being pointed out as the source of donation.

I don't remember much after taking a couple of sips, as the next thing I know I was waking to a splitting headache in a strange bedroom, stark naked, spread eagled, my front on a king sized bed in such manner that my wrists and ankles were tied and shackled by strong nylon cord to the head and foot bedposts.

I sniffed something that made me slightly nauseous as I was feeling very ill and nervous as I drowsily became cognizant of my dire circumstance. Where the fuck was my clothes and who would do such a thing to me? The vaguely soapy odor alerted me to a recently showered person nearby. Painfully adjusting my head to get a look I saw 2 bare knees, lower legs and feet kneeling inches from face. In alarm, I painfully shifted my head up to see the blonde guy, also stark naked, looking down contemptuously at me. He was softly stroking his thick 6" cock, beet red knob with stiff arousal. He bent lower so that I could actually smell the saucy musk emanating from his excitation. "You ever been fucked by horny man meat, Asian boy?". He spoke with a low-pitched tone of authoritarian derision. 

I was both fearful and fascinated. I dreaded being physically abused, or worse, but I was hypnotized by the vision of pale skin and raw sexuality before me. I had only briefly glimpsed white men naked before and never encountered a naked blonde. His ample light toned pubic tuft wafted in graceful feathery clumps from the base of his man tool and moderately low hanging sac of swinging orbs. His arms showed good tone but no great mass. His chest was shaped with distinctive pectorals, lightly fuzzed and budding pale nipples. I was disgusted with myself as I felt my own organ of our gender swell and stiffen under me against the bed clothes. I was angry not just because of my involuntary physical constraint, but also because his bold and conspicuous aggression of physical desire to expend at my expense caused my body to respond with such stimulation. "Fuck you, you faggot pervert!!! Do you get your jollies kidnapping foreigners and bugger them with your disgusting, stinking piss hose?"

I struggled against the knots in the cord, but this only seemed to have the effect of tightening. Meanwhile, he kneeled over me as he muttered his response. I could hardly believe how I actually thrilled to have his bony hands knead my flexing buns. "I'll take that as a no. . . . Don't worry, I'll soon have you beg for cock, like all the faggots whom I break in always do. Great ass here!! You got a swweeeet little virgin hole, here. Definitely worth getting a closer look.

He was off the bed and I guessed his thumping bare feet were moving him behind me as I screamed at him in conflicted rage. "You touch me again and I will have you put away for life, if not have the living crap beaten out of you."

I heard him chuckle as he softly responded. "You connected with the Asian mafia or something? . . You'll be hankering for more all the time when I get through with you, queer boy. Your big problem will be trying to keep secret what a big cock teasing sissy you are." As he spoke, my nakedness was being caressed by waves of hot lust as his spit covered skillful fingers confidently caressed and probed the exposed ring of my inexperienced love hole. I could not suppress the disposition of my most intimate bodily part to gleefully pucker, swell, and even engorge those sumptuously probing digits. It was like discovering that I could kiss passionately from what otherwise would be regarded as a very private place. 

The contemplation that my butt hole would probably be embracing his stiff and heated cock had my own nearly at the bursting point. It flinched and bucked underneath me with unabashed desires as I tried to cope with the most throbbing boner of my life. My loins hugged the bed as I frustratingly tried to conceal my desperate arousal.

"Please don't", I whimpered, trying to disguise a moan of sultry pleasure. 

"Please ddoooooo, bucko." He gave my right buttock a playful swat that only seemed consistent with my received pleasures. "Damn, but you got yourself one fine tight and active hole. I do enjoy a hole that moves around its muscles, especially from a first-timer like yourself." He chuckled in that sinister domineering way again. "Guess you could call me a connoisseur of man cherry. I know I am going to enjoy yours, queer boy." He now was poking fingers inches deep into my welcoming tunnel, sometimes two at a time. He began to notice my sense of resignation. "I think you are beginning to get the hang of this", withdrawing his fingers. "Let me check something here." I could feel his weight lift from the back end of the bed. He was bending over me from the side and trying to cram his hand under my waist in an obvious gesture to feel the state of my gender member. I struggled to force the weight of my naked corpus tightly on to the mattress underneath me, but I was no match for his strength with his other arm to foist me part way to one side, without the use of my own hands and arms. His fingers were able to reach and touch the head and shaft of my stretched and leaking little cock. My whole body shuddered with euphoria as my excitation was being touched by another man for the first time. I could not resist remaining stationary while he deliciously stroked me, applying just the right pressure and swiftness with apparently experienced fingers and hands. "Just as I thought. A queer boy who likes to be played with by naked guys. Oh buddy!!! Are you ever going to enjoy what is coming to you." I resented his galling confidence and I pushed my body against the mattress again with a thump.

He stepped away briefly, presumably to other furniture in the room, perhaps a bureau. He approached with his supple vein bulging cock swaying before he stopped to wrap something like a silk scarf around my mouth. I began to yell muffled words of protest in earnest panic. "Sshshsh, nothing to get uptight about," he hushed. "Just a little precaution, but a necessary one." What was he going to do to me? I surmised he intended to fuck me hard and I was going to be so torn up rectally. I would never be able to shit again. Through all my ensuing struggle and pointless screams for help, my male sex meat remained as firm and hard as when I first laid eyes on him. I was scared for my life, but at the same time, enthralled as I never had been before by the prospect of being naked and helpless, vulnerable to the most uninhibited desires of a horny hedonist who intended to gratify his carnal lusts from my total involuntary submission by brutal restraint. 

Terrified as I was, I learned for the first time, that I am breathlessly attracted to such brutality. I never felt so alive as I did from the adrenaline surge that was the consequence of certain impending sexual assault. Briefly, I froze as I felt those hearty fingers again briskly probing with a slick wetness my relaxing rosebud of building rectal desire. I felt him hover over me and could almost sense the heat of his own desire. I felt the pressure of another, bigger finger and knew that this was the moment of truth. It was wet and warm and the pressure built to stinging against my sphincteral ring that served as a nervous but also a curious barrier to entry into my most intimate orifice. His hands clamped tightly against hips just above and either side of my ass. The thrusts were insistent.

"I'm in", he squealed. The penetration was instantly evident. My ring clamped hard in painful horror. I shrieked and bit into the gag as the burning heat and pinching cramps in my ass were intolerable. I wanted him out and right away. I struggled to move my ass away to force a withdrawal, but his hips only followed to effect a deeper insertion. "YES, that is what I LIKE", he yelled nearly at the top of his lungs. His grasping hands held me even tighter, impeding my struggle for disengagement. As I wanted to buckle with the pain and panicking with a sense that he was bodily tearing me up back there, I sensed that this most extreme violation of my person was right, somehow. When I would turn my head back, I could see his sneering smile quiver as he uttered little grunts of approval, relishing the violent thrusting of his hips as his quick stroking tool stretched the linings of my unblemished man meat receptacle for the first time. 

I would later learn that this was his specialized rite of passage for his selected victims: the "breaking in", as it were. My gut was retching and my ass was spasming with streaks of cutting and burning pain, but it seemed nonetheless appropriate that I was being subjected to this degrading pummeling by an assailant who was deriving exceptional joy from my critical distress. He was sadistically ebullient and enervated by my powerlessness: by my inability to remedy my circumstance of unrelenting agony. The stiffness of my cock, being punched into the mattress with each merciless forward thrust into my brusquely expanding anal tunnel, never relaxed for an instant. I felt the shock of the violence was about to overcome me and that I would faint into unconsciousness.

"Take that you tight assed Asian pussy man", he yelled out as his hips thrust back and forth in sexual frenzy. "You got one fuckingly tight hole there, queer boy. My cock is getting a special treat the way you bump your ass around to get away from it. . . But, every good thing must come to an end." With that, he raised himself over me in a way that I could not comprehend. It was as if in his next forward strokes thrust with the same power, somehow pushed a button in my ass. The cramping, although not completely disappearing, alleviated drastically. My ass felt a hot but cooler glow that was a delicious massage by an animate hunk of pulsing fleshy tube steak. My viscera and bowels were now spasming not in pain, but with desire for deep contact with the brazen beast in their loving embrace. The lips of my swollen man pussy tingled with delight to be tickled by the bristling but feathery tufts of his fulsome man bush. 

The electric friction by the pillar of pleasure pumped its way to the root of my cock and I moaned with delirium. "You like that pale white cock fucking away in your queer boy snatch, don't you my toffee colored friend?" I didn't respond at first, but he abruptly stopped his strokes and inquired once more. "I asked you a question! Do you want me to continue?" I nodded my head with emphasis and moaned out sounds of affirmation. "That's better!" He commenced the pace again but continued his inquiries and commentary. "You're no different from the rest of my selections. You'll turn out to be a horny cock seeking sissy boy just like the others. . . You want me to fuck you harder, don't you Asian boy?" He asked me with that sharp and intensely derisive tone and, of course, I responded with more affirmative sounding vocalizations and nodded obligingly.

He was now back to the pace of when he was hurting me but instead I relished every vicious hump and my bowels delighted to grip his flesh with each hard impact. That special inflammation in my cock that started from my blissfully battered prostate caused my balls to churn the thick electric furnace that I knew would inevitably boil over and burst. I was panting in shallow breaths and stretched my bent legs as far as the restraints would allow to facilitate my assailant's movement of joystick in me. I let that magic moment of sensual overload and ecstatic release wash over me. My cock started flinching and dancing with wild abandon under me as the ejaculatory spasms commenced and the exhilarating liquid fire spewed from my gaping pee hole in moments of naked reverie. His splendid warm weight tensed on my back, my shoulder blades happy to greet the pressure of his erect nipples. We both uttered groans of celebration to the music our bursting loins played for us. My battered and tender hole sensed the final spasmodic throbs of his passionate meat as it squirted a warm and soothing squishy and slithering ample load of sluicing man jizz.

"I am just going to rest in you for a while," he slurred in his satisfied exhaustion. I was in no position to argue, but I genuinely felt affection for the blond man who originally frightened and angered me with his physical offense. I slinked a motion of bodily caress against his stunning white nakedness and warm skin in a manner that I would come to appreciate as true male bonding. My rectum which had been victim to a ravenous attack by his greedy male organ now obligingly snuggled its softening occupant. I was drifting into a contented slumber as I contemplated the pleasing sensation of his fresh cum trickling down the walls of my stretched hole and seeping out the opening of swollen but delectably sensitive man pussy lips.

To be continued. . .