 Terry did not really know what kept drawing him to the shabby little adult bookstore just off the interstate. Each time he would tell himself he was never going there again, he found himself slinking inside through that goddamned metal door with that stupid sign. That sign that said persons had to be "18 or over to enter—NO EXCEPTIONS". The fact that some dumb fuck had to add the last two words in bold letters with a Magic Marker always made Terry shake his head.

Inside, it was the usual shit just a different day. The squirrelly older guy behind the counter with all those pens in his pocket often made Terry wonder if there were any more Bics left for sale at the discount stores. The old dude had one hell of a mouth on him, though. Terry had cum in it, so he knew. The old dude did know how to treat a cock, even if he was kind of freaky.

Terry never did get the man's name. He never wanted it, and it was never offered. Every so often, when the place was dead and it was only the two of them, the clerk would tape the sign "Back in ten minits" on the door. It never took that long for the old man to take Terry where he wanted, perhaps even needed to go.

When "every so often" came about, Terry was always out of there like a shot afterwards. Just a quick "Thanks, man", and Terry was done. The old dude never complained. He never asked for reciprocation. He just gulped down Terry's load, slipped Terry's briefs back into place, kissed Terry's cock through the cotton and smiled.

The strange part was that Terry always felt something was missing each of those times. He often told himself it was because he rarely got to watch any porn in the booths. He never got to see some big-titted whore being slammed by one of those circus cocks for which porn is best known. Certainly, he had gotten off, and the old man's oral skills were far better than average; yet, Terry always left with a sense of something left undone.

Yes, deep down, Terry knew what was missing, but he could not make himself come to grips with it enough to even fathom admitting it. Terry would never admit that he particularly enjoyed cock. In fact, he enjoyed a spurting dick just as much as the old dude with all those ballpoints. 

However, admitting that would be to admit the fact that Terry went to that seedy little place for more than just getting his own rocks off. Terry would not and could not ever admit that, not even to himself.

"Back again, youngun?" Mr. Bic asked.

"Yeah," Terry mumbled, trying hard not to meet the old man's eyes. Slipping a crumpled five onto the glass counter which displayed butt plugs of all shapes sizes and colors (Why were the biggest always black?), Terry said, "Tokens, please."

"All of it?" Mr. Bic asked. Terry nodded. His tone was now more professional than the flirtatious one with which he had greeted Terry. The old man knew Terry better than Terry knew himself. Terry never liked small talk. With three people, two of them a male-female couple, browsing the assorted books and videos along the walls, Terry liked small talk even less.

The old man knew Terry always needed to have a few drinks to be able enter that metal door. Lots of the guys, who patronized the place, were that way. He could always smell the odor of gin or bourbon on them, even with the counter separating him from the patrons. Still, as Terry took the bronze colored tokens and furtively turned for the thick, red curtain which served as the border between the brightly lit lobby and the peeps, the old man licked his lips. He tossed a quick, knowing wink in the direction of another regular, the guy without the girl, as Terry slipped into that red-lighted hallway.

The thing about red lights is one doesn't have to struggle to get one's bearings. While the light conceals many things, unlike darkness or more dimly lit environs, a person does not have to stand in the doorway and let their eyes adjust.

As Terry entered this red world, his demeanor changed with the lighting. While he was all business in the glare of the lobby, this hallway elicited that thing in Terry that could readily admit that the sensation of a cock sliding between his lips was a good thing---a very good thing. It was that part of him that needed to be used and used well.

Only in this place was Terry comfortable with exactly what he was—a cock hungry bitch. The sounds of the grunts and moans in the occupied booths from videos and video watchers, the smell of cum and even the disgusting, soiled booth floor caused Terry's urges bubble to the surface. Instead of his usual long, purposeful strides, Terry always found himself moving so that his ass rolled with each step. He met eyes and sometimes even drew his tongue enticingly (he thought, anyway) over his upper lip, as he slipped into a booth and left the door ajar behind him.

To Terry's deep disappointment, though two of the booths were occupied, they were across the hallway from each other. One was Number 7, which Terry knew had no glory hole. Twelve, down at the end of the hall, had a glory hole; however, the adjacent two booths on either side were out of order.

Terry resigned himself to perhaps waiting for company or even jerking off to a fuck flick; until, that is, he sensed the curtains open behind him and heard the footfalls of another lone male behind him. Without even a glance back at who might have followed him in, Terry slipped into his favorite booth, Number 4. Four had glory holes on both sides, and a long bench. It was the largest booth in the place. Terry always wondered why it was larger, but he only wondered about it when he was not in it. For now, he was just thankful it was spacious.

Terry eased in, pumped four tokens in to the slot beside the small screen and waited. He had left the door unlatched, but he had not left it open, even a bit. He always worried about cops checking the place out, and since he was so close to the lobby with no one in the preceding booths, he took the appropriate precautions.

He listened for the footsteps of that other man. He sighed softly, as the footsteps continued past. Terry resigned himself, at least temporarily, to watching the video. Realizing it was a gay video, Terry clicked the large button at the bottom of the screen to a gangbang movie. He loved those. All those cocks using one or two women gave him all he needed with which to jack off. Often, he would imagine being the owner of one of those cocks. Just as often, Terry desired to be the focus of their throbbing hard thrusts.

Terry heard the footsteps return. He heard them pause. Terry knew the drill. The guy was thinking it over. Deciding whether he wanted to slip into six or maybe even try the door to four, where Terry had by this time opened his jeans. Terry always wore a large shirt when he went hunting for cock in this place. If someone opened the door, Terry could cover up, as if all he had been doing was enjoying a movie. Yep, he thought, just a heterosexual male enjoying a fuck movie—just as American as apple pie. There was no cock hungry bitch to haul to the hoosegow.

Terry heard the door to the adjacent booth open and close. He listened but did not hear it latch. Something told him that a cop would latch the door. Whether or not this was accurate, Terry did not know. Thinking it was enough for Terry. Terry slid his jeans down to mid-thigh, and pulled his long-tailed shirt, this time a red, Terrell Owens 49er throwback, up to his taut belly.

Terry was almost thirty, but he had always been blessed with a youthful face and body that did not betray his years. From time to time, Terry still got carded at bars. He also attracted women (and, of course, men) who were looking for youthful sex partners.

A wild, tattoo-covered redhead was getting all three holes filled on the small screen in Terry's booth. The screen was covered with a stain the source of which Terry did not have to guess. The fact that the nearly transparent stain almost completely covered the woman aroused Terry even more than the cocks, two black and one white, driving in and out of her. 

Her moans, of course, were dubbed and looped; nevertheless, the effect they had on Terry was if she were in the booth grunting a foot away. Precum oozed to the tip of Terry's splendid cock. The drop nestled there for a few slow strokes of Terry's right hand, until Terry spread it over the purple, mushroom head with the fingertips of his left. In the flickering light of the screen, Terry watched it glisten.

Releasing his cock, as he liked to do when he jacked, it slapped against his belly. He spied the glory hole to his left. He could tell he was being watched. He could hear the video in the next booth, but the light was blocked completely.

Terry stood, letting his jeans drop to his ankles, now stroking with his cock on full display for the spectator next door. He could hear a whispered moan, as he fingered a second drip of precum. This time, though, Terry spread the nectar on his lips. He plunged the fingertip into his mouth, sucking it clean. That drew a hoarse gasp from his new neighbor.

"Let me see your ass," the voice whispered, just loud enough to be heard over the porn stars. Without reply, Terry spun slowly around. Bending at the waist and releasing his cock in order to spread his cheeks wide, he displayed himself for the man in the next booth. He heard the man say something, but Terry could not make it out. Terry was too close to the booth's speakers.

Terry turned back around. Looking down, he saw two fingers tapping at the bottom of the hole. Shuffling forward, he slipped his dick into the darkness on the other side. Warmth and wetness greeted him. As welcome as it was, Terry had half-hoped to find a cock staring back at him when he spun back. Instead, Terry made do, rather happily, with a tender mouth and a skilled tongue.

Terry pressed his body hard to the black wall. He felt no need to pump his hips, as the man in the next booth sucked greedily, taking all Terry had to give. Terry was getting very close but far too soon. Terry had so very much wanted this little trip to the red-tinged world of the peeps to last a little longer.

Perhaps his neighbor had intuited Terry's pending orgasm. The mouth pulled away with a loud slurp. The voice on the other side whispered, "Can I come over?"

Without so much as a thought, Terry breathlessly replied, "Yeah, sure."

The video clicked off just as the man entered. Terry could not see him in the pitch black booth. He had only glimpsed the silhouette of the male when he entered from the red-bathed hallway. He was of slender build like Terry, though significantly shorter in stature, maybe about five-eight. The male latched the door. He felt his way to the bench. His hand brushed Terry's stiff, saliva coated cock in the process.

Even in the darkness of the booth, Terry knew that the man's trousers were open. Terry quit fumbling for his remaining tokens and reached out for the unseen cock. Terry's hand gripped the shaft deftly. He had grown used to sex by Braille over the years. Terry gasped in awe at the size of the thing. What the dude lacked in height, he more than made up for in dick. 

"I was hoping you were hungry," the male said, as Terry slid his hands up and down his thickly-veined shaft. He positioned himself directly in front of Terry and guided Terry's head to the raging meat. Terry was thankful the girth was not nearly as impressive as the length. Had it been so, Terry doubted he would have been able to open wide enough to accommodate it. As it was, he would only be able to take about half of it without gagging, he thought; however, he would enjoy ever glorious inch of that monster he could.

"Yeah, man. That's it. Lick it all over", the male moaned. Terry's tongue traversed up and down slowly. Terry could only guess at the length, yet he knew that the cock at his lips was every bit as massive as the biggest in any of the fuck movies he had seen, at least in length. Not that it was by any means a slender prick; it was a little thicker than Terry's own. 

Even as Terry was slathering the spongy head with a greedy tongue, he found himself wondering just how all that would feel slamming in and out of his tight ass.

It had been too long since Terry had experienced a cock in his butt. It was even less often that he put his own into another man's ass. He always felt so nasty after fucking a man's hole, and while he loved his own penetration by cock, especially a fine specimen like the one slipping past his eagerly parted lips, Terry feared diseases. He never had rubbers, and he did not know if the owner of this beautiful cock had come prepared. All Terry knew is that, if the man asked, Terry would accept him condom or not.

The delightful unknown made Terry's own hardness jump. Terry's lips slid slowly up and down the long cock. Terry's head whipped, as he reached up to grasp the man's ass. Cupping a cheek in each hand, Terry sucked with all the skill and talent he could muster. He massaged the man's ass, as he struggled to take the cock deeper and deeper. The other man gripped Terry's head tightly with both hands, and started to fuck Terry's throat with hard, steady thrusts. Terry was gagging with each thrust, but doing all he could to relax, to let it in deeper.

Drool flooded over Terry's chin and dripped onto his neck, as the cock pushed in and out harder and deeper. Terry grew lightheaded. He could hear his own gagging and slurping reverberating off the nearby walls of the booth, as his mouth was ravaged by the stranger.

Without warning, the male tensed slightly. His cock instantly erupted in a solid stream down Terry's abused throat. Terry's nails dug into the man's muscled ass, as load after load pulsed down Terry's gullet. The male shuddered and released Terry's head and pulled his cock from Terry's lips. Stroking quickly, the man two deposited thin streams on Terry's face, before stepping back and dropping with a satisfied sigh beside Terry on the bench.

The two sat in silence in the darkness. After a minute or two, Terry could hear the other man slip up his trousers. Terry's mind was still swirling. He wanted still more. Heedlessly, the man unlatched the door and departed with a quick, "Thanks, man."

Terry cleaned himself up as much as he could and staggered out into the red glow. He slipped quickly into the nearby restroom just outside the curtain to make sure he had no traces of cum left on his face. Secure in the knowledge he was none the worse for wear, Terry stepped out into the brightly lit lobby where Mr. Bic stood behind the counter.

"Looks like you're the last customer of the day," the clerk said with a lecherous grin. "I was just about to lock up."

Still partly mesmerized by the recent throat pounding, Terry could only weakly reply, "Really?"

Laughing wickedly, the older man said, "Yeah. My little boy didn't use you up, did he?"

"Uh, what?" The words were starting to register, but barely.

"My kid. That big cock that just fucked your mouth", Mr. Bic said, as he locked the metal door.

"That's your son?" Terry asked.

"Yeah, that's my boy. He has a great cock, don't you think?" It really was not a question, Terry concluded, as Mr. Bic motioned Terry over.

Dropping to his knees, the older man unbuttoned Terry's jeans, slid them down to Terry's ankles with his briefs and hungrily guided Terry's still rigid cock into his talented mouth.

After a few gliding strokes with his mouth, the clerk paused, looked up at Terry and said with a wet grin, "One of these days, I am going to have to do this while Danny fucks your tight ass with that donkey cock of his."

With that, the clerk devoured Terry's throbbing cock. Terry thought of being fucked hard by a long, but not-too-thick cock. As he stood there in front of the counter, he spied various dildos. There was one in particular which reminded him of the man he now knew as Danny.

Soon, Terry rewarded Mr. Bic with a load of his own. In Terry's mind, Danny's throbbing monster was pounding him, as he came.