 I had never thought of our local mall as a place to find special friends, but then I guess their slogan was true, 'Madison Mall, Everything you need under one roof.'

It was a Tuesday afternoon and I was at the mall checking out the new skateboards and rollerblades at the sporting goods store when I saw two young men checking out the skating t-shirts. They looked to be about my age, nineteen or twenty. One of them was wearing a pair of jean shorts with worn holes in the back that allowed one to see a small section of his butt cheeks whenever he leaned the right way or bent down to a lower rack. It was clear after I had sneaked a few peaks that he wasn't wearing any underwear under his shorts, or if he was, they were rather skimpy. I nonchalantly wandered over to the t-shirt racks, I wanted to get a closer look at these two and see them from the front too.

I walked to the other side of the racks and pretended to look over the shirts, but was actually eyeing them up. The guy with the holey shorts was really cute, he had his blonde hair cut short in the back and on the sides but had long bangs hanging down almost over his eyes. The neck of his t-shirt was cut down about six inches exposing a smooth tanned section of his chest. The other guy had dark black hair; with what I would say was a baby face, not even a hint of peach fuzz. His eyes were deep and dark green and his skin was a beautiful natural dark brown. He was wearing a tank top and when he lifted his arms to pull a shirt off the top rack, I could see he had no hair on his pits and I got a clear view of his smooth chest and one of his small dark brown nipples. As I walked around the rack, I saw he was wearing a dark purple pair of biker shorts which clung so tight to his really slender body that one could easily see the firm roundness of his tight tiny ass and the outline of his genitals through the tight fabric.

"Excuse me." I said softly as I reached for a shirt on the rack in front of him. He stepped back a step.

"No problem man," he replied. "They have some nice shirts here don't they?"

"Yeah," I answered smiling at them. "They have a lot of cool stuff here."

"Yeah, yeah they do." The other guy said. I saw out of the corner of my eye he was looking me up and down. I turned slightly so he could see my own tight ass. He pulled a shirt off the rack and held it out to me. "I think this one would look awesome on you."

"Really, you think?" I asked smiling and held the shirt up to my neck. "I do love the purple tie dye."

"Oh Brody," The other guy laughed. "You just think everyone looks sexy in purple."

"Well purple is a sexy color Toby," he said as he slapped him on his tight biker shorts covered ass. "Purple is real sexy."

"Well maybe I should get it then," I winked at Brody. "I like to look sexy."

"Well I think," Toby chimed in. "That you'd look sexy in anything."

I blushed.

"Yeah, you'd look sexy in anything," Brody paused and then laughed. "Of course I think you'd look sexy in nothing too."

"Gosh you guys are making me blush." I said as I put the shirt back on the rack. "But I can't really afford a new shirt today."

Brody pulled Toby back a few feet and whispered something in his ear. Toby looked over to me and smiled and then nodded.

"So, my names Toby, and this is Brody." He said smiling.

"Hi guys, I'm Jake."

"Well Jake," Brody said. "We'd be willing to buy you a shirt if you'd come over to our place and model it for us." 

Toby was laughing quietly; Brody elbowed him in the ribs and laughed.

"I couldn't ask you guys to buy me a shirt," I smiled. "We just met."

"Well you aren't asking us," Brody replied. "We're offering to buy you a shirt, if you want one."

"Well sure," I smiled. "I'd love a new shirt."

"But you have to model it for us." Toby chimed in laughing.

"Okay, sure I could do that." I replied, figuring what the hell, I had nothing better to do today; I could go hang out with a couple of new friends and model a new shirt. Especially since the new friends were so damn cute and seemed to be fun guys.

"Cool," Brody said smiling. "Toby why don't to walk Jake out to the car and I'll go pay for the shirt and meet you guys there."

"Okay," Toby answered then turned to me. "Come on Jake." 

I followed Toby a half step behind him as we walked through the store. I kept that distance so I could look at his ass as it bounced in those skin tight purple shorts. When we got to the door he opened it and held it open for me. I glanced over to him and noticed the front of his biker shorts now had a little bulge in them. The tightness of the fabric clung to the outline of his hardened cock.

When we got to the car Toby unlocked it and opened the passenger door and pushed the seat forward. I climbed into the back seat and sat down. Toby stood outside of the car for a minute, giving me an excellent close up view of his hard cock being restrained by the stretching fabric of his shorts. I saw his hard cock throb a couple of times in its containment before he turned around and gave me a nice view of his ass that was encompassed by the purple fabric, clinging tightly to his skin, and showing the divide of his ass crack quite nicely.

"Here he comes," he said as he turned and slid into the front passenger seat. "I bet he got you the purple shirt."

"You think?" I laughed.

Brody walked up to the car and popped the trunk and put the bag inside. He climbed in the driver's door and started up the car and we took off. It was only about a five minute drive to their house and we all got out and headed in, Brody stopping to retrieve the bag from the trunk.

"Would you like a soda or something to drink?" Toby asked me.

"Sure, whatever you got will be fine."

Toby left the room and came back in a few seconds and handed me a Dew and Brody a Pepsi.

"So is our model ready to model for us?" Brody asked me laughing.

"Sure," I smiled. "Do you want me to change my shirt right here?"

"Oh heavens no," Brody laughed. "You can go into the other room and change and then come out walking all sexy like a model so we can get a good look at you."

"Cool," I said setting down my Dew. "So can I have the shirt?"

"In a second," Brody said as Toby was laughing. "There are rules to modeling you know. Do you know what they are?"

"Ah, not really, but I'm betting you are going to tell me." I laughed.

"Well there really is only one rule," Brody smiled. "You can only wear what you are to model."

"Okay, that sounds cool." I figured since the shirt was an extra large that it would be baggy and come down almost to my knees. And besides, I didn't mind a bit being naked under the shirt in front of my two new sexy friends.

"Okay," Brody said reaching into the bag and handing me the purple tie dye shirt. "Go change and come model for us."

I took the shirt and went into what I saw was a bedroom. It had a king size bed along one wall and mirrors on the other three walls. There looked to be a large walk in closet, but I didn't open it, not wanting to be snoopy. I pulled off my shirt and then slipped on the new shirt. I kicked off my sneakers and pulled down my shorts and underwear and stood looking at myself in the mirrors on one wall. The shirt came down to almost my knees as I thought. It was cool looking into the mirrors for I could see my back in the mirror reflecting from the mirrors on the opposite wall. I went to walk back out into the other room when I stopped to ask.

"Hey guys," I yelled out. "What about my socks, on or off?"

"Did we get them for you to model?" Toby yelled back. I could hear them both laughing.

"No." I replied.

"Well the rule is you can only wear what we gave you to model." Brody yelled back.

"Okay, socks are coming off." I called out as I lifted my feet one at a time and pulled off my socks. "Here comes your model."

I walked out of the bedroom, sashaying a little. I crossed my feet one over the other as I had seen models do on TV shows. I walked into the room and past Toby and Brody sitting on the couch, their eyes fixed on me. They whistled and howled as I walked around the room waving the bottom of the shirt around a little. I stopped in front of them and turning my back to them, flipped the bottom of the shirt up so that about half of my bare ass was showing. They howled and applauded.

"More, more, more." Brody chanted. "We want more."

They both laughed.

I turned and faced them and slowly slid the shirt up until it just barely covered my crotch. I was glad the shirt was baggy for it helped to almost hide my raging hard on beneath it.

"That is one sexy shirt." Brody cooed. "Damn sexy man." Toby said as he rubbed his hand over the bulge in his tight fitting shorts.

"So that was fun," I said smiling, looking down to Toby rubbing his hard cock through his shorts. "So I guess the modeling is over." I sighed.

"Well," Brody said reaching for the bag. "I did buy you a second gift, if you care to model that too?"

"Sure," I said happily. "I'd love too." Thinking it was another shirt.

"Well if you agree, you have to model it?" Brody said holding out the bag.

"Yeah, I will." I replied reaching for the bag.

"No chickening out." Brody chidingly scolded me.

"I won't." I replied now wondering what they had gotten for me to model. Was it a tight pair of shorts like Toby was wearing? Could it be maybe a pair of girls' underwear? I didn't know, but hey, I was all excited and so were they, so what the fuck why not?

"Now go take off the shirt and put this on," Brody said letting me take the bag. "And remember, this is all you can model this time."

"Okay." I smiled and took the bag and went back to the bedroom. I slipped off the shirt; I was now standing there naked in this room of mirrors. I looked at myself for a few seconds, thinking how sexy it was that with the different mirrors, I could see many version of my nakedness. It was like standing in a room of hard cocks, but they were all mine. I opened up the bag and almost fainted.

"Are you serious?" I called out laughing. I heard them laughing in the other room.

"Yeah," Brody called out between laughs. "Yeah we are Jake."

"Oh I knew when I saw you guys you were nasty little guys." I laughed calling out from the bedroom. There I stood, naked and hard as a rock, with a pair of anklet socks in my hand. I put the socks on and opened the door.

"Here comes your model." I laughed as I stepped out into the other room.

Toby and Brody we giggling up a storm on the couch as I walked past them in nothing but the pair of socks, my full naked body prancing around the room. My hard little cock bouncing with each step I took. I twirled around in front of them and lifted my left foot and placed it on Brody's lap.

"Do you like my new socks?" I asked laughing.

"Very much so," Brody replied as he took my foot into his hands and moved it slowly around his crotch, I could feel his hardness through his jeans. "I like them a lot." He said staring at my five and a half inch hard cock.

"I wish I would have bought you guys something to model now." I laughed.

"Well," Toby stood up and announced. "We could model our socks for you if you'd like?"

"Oh I would like that a lot." I smiled.

Toby kicked off his shoes and pulled off his shirt and quickly pulled off his tight shorts and was standing there naked in front of me. His body was completely hairless, even his pubes were shaved. His dark brown skin was silky smooth. I looked down at his hard cock; it looked about the same length as mine, but smaller around. His sac was small, but hung down nicely. As I stood there staring at Toby's naked body, Brody had slowly ran his hand up my leg and was now stroking my hard cock. I reached out and began stroking Toby's hard cock. Brody set my foot down off his crotch and stood up and stripped. I looked over to Brody as I stroked Toby's cock. He too was completely shaved; there wasn't a hair on his body form his neck down.

"Wow, you guys are both shaved." I smiled.

"We shave each other." Toby said reaching out and stroking my hard cock.

"Yeah, but Toby here doesn't ever have that much to shave do you?"

"No, I'm a Mexican hairless." He laughed.

I stood between them, a hard hairless cock in each hand. There were four hands caressing my naked body. One was stroking my cock and another was rubbing my butt as the other two hands were caressing my chest and back.

"Off to the bedroom?" Brody asked.

"The room of mirrors," I smiled. "That should look awesome."

Once in the bedroom, Brody picked me up and tossed me unto the bed. Toby jumped up and instantly sucked my hard cock into his mouth as Brody climbed on top of me and I sucked his hairless hard cock into my mouth. Soon we had switched around and I was sucking on Toby's littler cock as Brody sucked on mine. Toby swung his naked body around so that he was back to sucking my cock and I had my lips wrapped around his skinny hard cock. I felt Brody grab my ankles and lift my feet up. Toby gripped my thighs and pulled them back as he kept sucking my cock. I felt something wet on my asshole and was soon squirming as Brody began to tongue my asshole. I sucked harder and faster on Toby's hard cock as Brody slid his tongue into my asshole and proceeded to tongue fuck my hole. Toby was gently biting down on my hard cock as he sucked me. I soon felt Brody press the tip of his hard cock against my now wet asshole. Toby sucked my cock fully into his mouth and pulled up and back on my balls as Brody thrust his hard cock deep into my asshole. I winced and bit down on Toby's hard cock in my mouth, and sucked on his cock hard as Brody fucked my ass.

I felt myself ready to orgasm. Just then my mouth was filled with Toby's hot creamy cum as he shot load after load into my mouth. I returned the favor and sent my cum flying deep down his throat as he sucked my cock dry. Brody yelled and thrust his hard cock deep into my ass and held it there, pumping his hot cum deep inside my asshole. Brody collapsed unto the bed, his cock pulling free from my tight hole as Toby rolled off unto the other side of me. The three of us lay there naked, our cocks smeared in cum, big smiles on our faces.

"So you guys want to go another round?" I asked as I caressed both of there smooth silky chest. "Oh hell yes." They both yelled. 

{tbc}