 CHANCE ENCOUNTERS 

The Man at the Mall.

I had several active early years in the homosexual lifestyle. Then, I discovered females. As equally satisfying sexually with a different set of circumstances and pleasure. But, I still had a craving for sex with a man. At this point in my life encounters were few. I wasn't using all my fingers to count the numbers...yet. But, I was up to about eight.

I seek 'Chance Encounters' out now rather than waiting for them to just happen. That, made me boring, lonely and horny. The club scene or bath house routine interested me but I'm just a shy guy. I noticed when I went to malls there were many men there. I wasn't skilled in the process of picking up a man at the mall...yet. But, there was no way sex wasn't happening with that many men around and all those rest rooms. So I made my self comfortable in a sitting area of an upscale mall and just kept my eyes open.

An older couple caught my eye. The man, about 70 was helping the woman take a drink from her cup. She was in a wheel chair with a blanket wrapped around her. He doted on her and made sure she was comfortable. He then got up and headed off to the rest room in a quiet enclave and looked straight at me and checked his package. A nice handful and tug. I knew what that meant. I waited a minute then made my way to the same rest room.

When I walked in it was nice, quiet and clean. I saw the man standing at the urinal and noticed he didn't turn to look at me. I grabbed a paper napkin off the shelf and went to the urinal next to him. I pulled my package out and shook it and noticed he did the same thing. I was impressed at what I saw and could only hope to have a nice fat cock like his. (One way or the other :)). It was a piece of meat. Literally. I have bad luck with stuff such as this and wouldn't you know it I started to cum right there. I was just very excited. I placed my dick on the napkin and my cum just rolled out of my dick and flowed. He was looking. About the same time someone walked in and the man turned and made his way to the exit door. I did a quick clean up and flushed the toilet and followed him out.

I was bolder now at my experience level and walked up to their table and said hello. I did some small talk with them and found out they come to the mall on cooler days just to get out of the house. His wife had dementia and he was just giving her some pleasure and fun in his way. I also noticed he was checking me out and stroking his leg and crotch. He asked me if I would like to come over for some coffee. They lived very close and it was getting close to his wife's rest time. He said I could follow him. Man, that was just fine with me. I followed them out to the garage and then a short drive to his house. I helped them get in and he went to the back portion to make his wife comfortable.

Man, my dick was hard. I'm sure his was too. I made my self comfortable on his couch.

He walked in and came straight over to where I was and slowly pulled his pants and underwear down. His dick sprung out there in front of me and I just enveloped it in my mouth. I sucked in and out on his dick as much as I could. I couldn't get it all in because it was just too big. I think at one time he reached down and pulled my lip over his dick so he could get his whole girth in. I was so busy on his dick. My mouth was watering expecting what to happen next. Then he pulled his dick back where just his head was in my mouth. I accompanied him by just trying to give him the best knob job he ever had. I wanted him to cum and I was sure he was ready. 

I grabbed his big balls and tugged on them a bit to coax him on and skinned his shaft back with my other hand to make his dick taunt. And that man slowly pushed me back to the couch and placed his hands on the wall behind me and just started fucking me in the mouth. I couldn't believe it. He was so horny. I had already cum on the carpet and had another erection. Just as sudden as he pushed me back onto the couch he pulled me forward and started jacking off in my mouth. I choked a bit but I stayed with him and matched him lick for lick.

Then he came in my mouth. And it was a lot. It did come out the corners of my mouth a bit but I lapped up every bit of his cum. Then as he calmed down, I started pulling on his shaft to get as much as I could. As his cum slowed I stuck my tongue out and let it fill in a little cup I made with my tongue. I looked up at him and he was breathing a little heavy and I swallowed the last bit that was in my mouth and licked his dick until he pulled away from me. I got a WOW out of him and I made a WOW back to him. He sat on the couch next to me and I saw a little of his kinky side. He told me to get down on my hands and knees and lick my cum off the carpet. I did!

He stroked my ass cheeks and inserted his finger in my ass and just played with it there. WOW, I got another ejaculation. And licked it up too.

We got dressed and I was ready to leave and he asked if I would like to come back over. I smiled at him and squeezed his cock and said sure. Somebody has to take care of this cock. We exchanged phone numbers and I left.

He called me early the next morning and we had a repeat performance. I saw him for years after that and enjoyed his company and cock as much as he would let me. It was quite a Chance Encounter.

I know I sucked him over a thousand times or more. Does that still count as number nine? 

:) :)