 Much of this story is true, the order of things have been changed a bit but the experiences and events all happened... 

So I never thought I would actually go to a gay bathhouse, never figured I'd have the courage to follow through with it and always knew that if I did, well I might turn into a cock slut. I am a married man and my sexy wife went to visit her mother a few years ago and left me all alone for about 2 months. Her mother had surgery and needed help with everything. I live next to a major city in the Midwest and was aware of a gay bathhouse downtown. I did my research on the place and fantasized about what I might be willing to do if ever I walked in there. 

I had fooled around a little throughout the years mainly in adult video store arcades, jacking off other guys and even ended up at one very sexy guys house a few times sucking his dick but he didn't cum in my mouth. Still, it was exquisite, the taste of his black dick was awesome and I have never loved anything as much as I did at the time being on my knees sucking that thick black cock but I decided that I would turn into his bitch if I went back and I wasn't ready for that.

Finally, I decided that maybe a trip to the bathhouse wouldn't be a bad idea, if anything I could just watch the others have sex and JO. Since my wife had left, I bought a big black dildo and a butt plug. At first the plug was uncomfortable but after about a week of wearing it on and off I was able to have it in most of the day and sometimes even sleep with it in. 

So, one day I ended up in the parking lot of the bathhouse, I am 54 and will tell you I am most attracted to guys in their late 60s to late 70s and as far as I'm concerned there is nothing sexier than a mature big black man with a huge cut cock, I guess I Just like that daddy/son stuff and tend to be very submissive. I love to get high smoking weed and get kinky and that day I made sure I smoked before getting out of the car. I was very high and very horny when I went inside and got a locker.

As I sat down to undress a couple guys who looked to be in their 70s watched me. I stood-up and faced them and stripped completely naked, I was already half hard and hadn't bothered to wear underwear as they watched. I am small in stature, body wise, cock size and slim plus mildly hairy and cute. I turned around and put one leg up on the bench and pulled my plug out, they both had walked over while I was doing this and were rubbing my legs and telling me how cute I was. We did some small talk and they suggested we head for the dry sauna and relax. I thought why not these guys were my type, bald and grey a little heavy but both had nice fat cocks they were showing me. 

We made it to the sauna and I saw a lot of nice looking guys that were eyeing me up as we walked there. We opened the door, sat down with one on each side of me, one of them asked if I had ever sucked cock before and I briefly told him of my encounter. I had never kissed a guy but when the guy on my left made a pass I let him and it was shocking at first but soon I accepted his tongue. Wow, that's all it took and then I turned in to a horny slut. We got into a heavy kissing make out session, with our tongues wrestling while the other guy started sucking my cock. I couldn't believe it, there I was completely naked taking on two guys as two others walked in and watched playing with themselves. We broke our kiss and he moved forward and I immediately took his fat cock in my mouth, sucking and slurping the head and entire length. He was about 6 inches long and twice as thick as me. That's how we stayed for quite a while.

I must had been doing it right because in about 10 minutes he erupted a huge cum load in my mouth, it tasted like my own and I loved it, although I spit into my towel. He started sucking the guy who was licking my balls (which are low hangers from years of stretching them) I didn't last much longer and shot my cum load into his mouth, he swallowed it up in gulps and soon enough he too was shooting a load all over the other guys face. 

After this I was kind of freaking out that I had actually gone through with that but satisfied too. The two guys said thanks and excused themselves and I too got up and left. I kind of explored the place next looking at the whirlpool, steam room and ended up in a room with a huge screen showing some vey hot gay porn. There were guys sitting in there naked watching, one guy was on his knees sucking two dicks while the two obvious lovers kissed and watched. 

That's when we saw each other, I looked over my shoulder and a big black man with grey hair was looking my way. He looked to be well over 6' tall, thickly built with powerful looking arms. He smiled at me and I gave him a huge smile that said you are sexy as hell. I wasn't even horny at that time until I laid my eyes on him. He then stepped away from the wall he was against and just dropped his towel that was covering him. He had a beautifully cut cock, it was as thick as my wrist and hung down 6 inches limp, his balls were huge and low hangers. My mouth began to actually salivate and I must have licked my lips because he motioned by pointing at me and then back to his cock. I immediately shook my head yes and he motioned for me to approach. 

As I walked near him, he began to walk into another room and I followed. It was the gloryhole room, with an elevated floor on one side, he waited for me to get near him again and reached down and took my towel leaving me naked as guys walked by. He then walked into the raised level and I walked to the holes where there was one open. I could see his shoulders, neck and face because the wall was short enough for those receiving to look down. He stopped and his big cock and balls appeared in the hole. I walked over and it was the perfect height as I stood and began licking his beautiful tool. 

At that moment I knew that I had arrived, I knew that I was doing what I was born to do. I have never enjoyed anything as much, standing there nude sucking a huge black cock. I licked his balls good before I devoured his cock. He was so thick I had to open my mouth as wide as I could and I started gagging as his length grew to about 9" trying and needing to get as much meat in my mouth as I could. I started playing with my cock trying not to cum, as he whispered how good I was doing and encouraged me to not cum and to keep sucking him. 

Honestly I sucked him all ways imaginable, slobbering on his ball sack (which is literally 3 times the size of mine, one of his balls alone is bigger than my whole sack) and the entire length of his meaty cock for probably 30 minutes (he told me later it was at least a 30 minute blow job) finally he started to moan and I increased my tempo with my jaws seriously tired. 

I tasted the first squirt and was in heaven, then he began to dump huge streams of thick cum in my mouth as he let out a yell. I loved every second of it, I usually shoot about 5 squirts but he shot I counted 11 streams of cum, at this point I shot my load against the wall. I held all his cum load in my mouth with my cheeks puffy, the taste was awesome to me and he looked down and said it's ok swallow it and I did. 3 big gulps and I felt it all the way down my throat and hit my belly. He smiled at me as I looked up and he said good boy, I want you to hang out with me today - I'm gonna fuck that ass of yours next.

Next we walked nude over to the whirl pool and got in, he pulled me close and I was surprised at how big he was. He told me he was 6'7", 68 years old, was a retired steel worker and his name was Hank. We sat and talked as he put his arm around me and had me set on his lap. It was apparent to everyone in the pool that I was his bitch and to stay back. He began to finger my ass hole and remarked he was pleased I was so loose. I told him about my plug and he just smiled and said good boy again. He eventually had 3 fingers in my ass as I rode them in front of the others and I was getting hard again. He told me he could tell immediately I was a natural cock sucker once I started and that he thought I would soon be his slutty boy before the day was over, I agreed and he kissed me deeply as I played with his cock.

I was still high from the weed and whispered in his ear how I wanted him in my ass right now. He told me I would get it but he was the boss and he says when and where. He told me he had at room and we would soon be heading there. We left the pool and went into the steam room, there was a young twink sucking the cock of a skinny grey haired guy while another guy who looked about my age fucked him up the ass. 

We watched the whole thing and he sat me on his lap again playing with my penis, it was hard as a rock and dripping precum again. Once the twink and the other two finished we got up to leave and he took my towel making me walk naked with a hard on by 20 or 30 guys while holding his hand. He had his towel covering him and led the way, it was very apparent again I was his property and was going in a room to get fucked and used hard. We were a side show for everyone as some of them shouted out obscenities about my fate and that they'd like to have a turn with me too. 

Once in the room he had me lay down and got some massage oil spreading it all over me except my face, he worked my ass (which I had shaved clean, my hole was as clean as a babies) with it a long time until he was satisfied I was loose enough. He then had me spread it heavily on him but had me lick/ream his hole. This was the first time I had ever done anything like that and nearly came before he had me stop. He then had me lie on my back while he put on a magnum condom, moving me towards the very end of the bed and raising my legs up and straight back. 

My hole was wide open and screaming at him, he lubed his cock and pushed it to my opening. Even though I was loose he still felt like a telephone pole as he invaded me. I was trying to take his head when I pushed back like I was crapping and it slid in. After that he got about half in, stopped for a while and pulled out again. I was breathing very heavy trying to recover from the huge invasion of my hole, he lubed his cock some more and reentered me and went half way, this time he started pumping back and forth and with each stroke going a little further in.

I was moaning and groaning from the size of it as he fucked me over and over and over. He almost had it all in when I felt him hit bottom (he later told me he had about 8 inches in) he decided to get serious and fuck me fast - I was never in so much ecstasy. He just stood there and fucked me for at least 10 minutes before he pulled out and made me get on all fours and stick my ass in the air. 

He didn't waste time and entered me quickly fucking me from behind asking how I liked his big cock. I was able to tell him I absolutely loved his big black cock. He slid his dick in and kept it in stopping as far as it would go, he then told me to rotate and work my ass to take all of it. I did this for around 5 minutes and eventually worked it all in, feeling his balls against my ass was a real turn on. He then started to slowly fuck me again this time he made sure he went balls deep. At first it was painful but after 5 or 6 times of this he was able to get it in with no pain as I accepted his full length. 

All I can tell you is he just fucked me continuously, sometimes slow and steady and sometimes hard and fast. I was moaning and could feel the lube running down my ass and his balls got wet from it and started making loud slapping noises each time they flew forward and hit my ass. I had never been fucked before and knew like I knew when I sucked his dick that I was born to breed big cock.

He finally started fucking me faster and faster and grabbed my hips and let out a yell. He shot his cum into the condom and I was wishing it was in me instead. When he pulled out, I laid on my back. He stood above me smiling and told me to starting jacking off, as I did this he took his rubber off and emptied the contents - a huge load of warm cum all over my face. I immediately shot my third load all over my chest and belly.

He then told me to get up and follow him, we left the room and he covered up with his towel. He took my towel and led me by the hand completely naked again back by crowd of on lookers, I literally had cum dripping off my cheeks and running down my neck with my cum all over my midsection as well. I heard lots of comments as I walked by, my ass was loose and I could feel my butt cheeks working the lube as I walked. We went into the shower room and soaped each other down. He kissed me deeply and I kissed back. As we parted that day he told me he would be there again the following Tuesday and he wanted me there. I told Hank I would do whatever he wanted, I was his whore, his cock slut, his boy. He smiled and said good boy walking away. 

That was the first time, I went back a week later that's another story. My wife and I have since separated and after many visits to the bath house I've become Hank's personal boy I fuck him and suck him whenever and wherever he says. I also approach other guys he likes at the bathhouse and tell them about Hank as he waits in the gloryhole room, we usually end up in a room for a threesome when this happens. Sex has never been so good, so erotic. I love it. Sometime I'll write about my second adventure with Hank and one of his friends that happened a week later. This is my life now, when I get horny I think about cock only and how I can get it I hope you do too. If you haven't visited a bathhouse I would very much encourage you to do it, it has changed me to realize and accept my true sexual calling. Quit thinking about it and just do it.