 My name is Kevin and this is my story.

I was raised by my mother. My dad died in a car accident when I was four. My mother done her best. She never remarried and focused her time on providing for her little boy. 

I was finishing high school. The small town in southwest Georgia didn't have much to offer. I had the grades but not the funds to go to community college. I saw an ad on tv for the Army. 

"Be All You Can Be!" At 5'6" and 115 lbs I needed some direction in my life.

I joined the Army right after graduation. 13 weeks at Fort Sill in Oklahoma. I hated that place. It was pure hell. Not the training just the place. Then on a 9 hour flight to West Germany. My 18 year old mind was in overload. And everything was moving so fast. 18 and still a virgin. I thought joining the Army would help me become a man. Sow my seeds. But here I am on my knees, covered in cum waiting for the next cock to fuck my face and ravage my boipussy. How did I end up like this?

I had been in country for about a week now. Me and a couple of friends Steve and Dewayne, took the train into Hamburg. We went straight from the Bahnhof to the Red Light District. Steve told us of this place where there were girls hanging out just wanting someone to pay for their time. There were girls, no there were women everywhere. A teenage boy's dream come true. Every shape, size and color you could ask for. I couldn't believe all the sex stuff that was right in front of me. I noticed a few guys were hanging out trying to drum up business for themselves. We were either too scared or too embarrassed to even go off with any of the girls. But we sure looked and talked some shit. 

After about an hour of window shopping we left heaven to find a bar. A few beers later we were out strolling again. 

" Hey guys, check it out a Sex Shop!" Steve shouted so everyone around us knew we were a bunch of horny ass Americans.

Now being raised in small country town in South Georgia all this was new to me. Hell the only girl I ever kissed was Barbi right before I left for Germany. Here I just left a street full of scantly clothed whores. Visited my first bar. Now I was walking through the doors of hell. Straight into the devils lear and I loved it. 

There were things in there that I have never even thought of before. There were things I couldn't even imagine what they were used for. I was mesmerized by all the vibrators and dildos. There were some bigger than my arm. Blow up dolls. Anal beads. 

I noticed in the back of the store a sign that said videos. There were these doors that opened up to a little closet. Inside there was a stool and a tv that you put coins in and a few minutes of the video would play. 

I filled the machine up and scrolled through the channels. 20 channels of sex. There was this one channel that I kept turning back to. It was a gay flick. An older gentleman was feeding his cock to a scrawny young boy. The man was naked and thrusting his cock down the young boys throat. 

My 4 inch cock was straining to free its self from my pants. I Unbuttoned my jeans and slid them down to my ankles. My cock was throbbing. I hadn't jacked off in a week. Sharing a room with Dewayne didn't give me much alone time. I slowly started stroking my cock while watching this big man destroy the young boy's face. I couldn't believe how this young sissy looking boy zawas taking so much cock in in his mouth. The boy was laying on his back with his head hanging over the edge of the bed. You could see the outline of the old man's cock entering his throat as he fucked his face. I was about to cum when something caught my eye. I turned to the left and there was a cock sticking through the wall. This cock was huge! It had to be 8 or 9 inches long and as big as my wrist. 

I was in shock. Now I have stolen my fair share of glances of other soldiers cocks in the open shower rooms and barracks at Fort Sill. But none compared to this mean throbbing monster that was staring at me through the hole in the wall. Precum was leaking from its piss hole. I had an urge to to touch it. I reached out with my index finger and lightly smeared the cum all over its massive head. The cocked twitched under my touch as if it was begging to be touched more. I traced the outline of this massive head. I could hear my neighbor moaning. He thrusted more of his cock into my little room. I wrapped my small hand around his shaft and slowly started stroking him. It was like I was having an out of body experience. His cock was so hot. I had not touched another guys cock in my life. I had never even thought about it. But here I was aching to bring pleasure to the unseen man in the booth next door. My heart was about to explode in my chest as I stroked him from his base to the silky smooth head.

"Lick it cunt."

Was that the guy next door or was that the voice in my head?

"Lick it baby"

I was in a trance. I lowered my head. I stuck my tongue out and licked the precum leaking from his head. I remember that this was the best tasting thing I ever had in my mouth. I licked up and down the sides and back to that delicious leaking head. I twirled my tongue around it and slowly started sliding more and more of this strangers cock into my mouth. I had him about halfway in my throat. He entered me with ease. With both both palms against the wall, I slowly worked him back out of my mouth until the head was pressed against my pursed lips. Faster now. In and out. Round and round went my tongue. I was slobbering all over his cock. Devouring him. Drool was running down my chin and neck. He was growing larger in my mouth. 

BANG! BANG! BANG!

"Hurry the fuck up in there. We got to go. The concert is about to start" shouted Steve from the other side of the door. 

As soon as the banging on the door started the cock was jerked from my lips. My mouth was empty. I was so empty. I wiped my mouth and adjusted my clothes and unlocked the door. I opened the door expecting to be met by someone who heard what was going on. But no one was there. The door next to the booth I was in was open and it was empty. I rounded the corner and saw Steve and Dewayne at the front door waiting for me. 

Steve said "Damn son why is your face so red? They not have anything like this in Gawga?"

To be continued...