 I must have missed my opportunity with Louise because of lacking the ability to realise when a girl is interested in you. I have been told this often that I have a sort of block and simply cannot appreciate girls wanting to take an interest in me. Sad or what?

But yet in a way it has all worked out well because It has brought out a hidden me of which I was unaware and had it not been for a chance meeting at the holiday park I work for I still may not have known what it was like to be with another of my own genre.

The odd thing is there was this girl in the club, for once I bore in mind what my pals had said and went for it, started to chat up this girl at the bar.

Trust me to make a huge mistake!

Well it seemed just fine when a topsy-turvy competition was going on and , after a couple of drinks this 'girl' and I got into a rather hefty entanglement, me thinking my luck had really changed when she held onto me like I couldn't escape and I felt the warmth of her wet searching French kiss tasting of cherry brandy.

And would you believe this went on for a full ten minutes when out in the open she led me to her caravan, by my essentials I might add, holding onto it so tight so I couldn't run, me thinking I was on a real promise and with the way she was handling me more than ready to participate!

Anyway on arrival she 'planted' me on the edge of the bed and asked if I wanted a nightcap, meaning I assumed I was in for a night of lust, my mind going haywire with images of sex.

We had black coffee, " all the better to mellow ourselves so that we can enjoy each other to the full" she said with a rather low voice some girls have.

Then sitting provocatively against me she guided my hand to her inner left thigh which was worryingly more hairy than I would have liked and then the message got through, scrimmaging my hand in anticipation and lust for at last a gorgeous feel of wet girly pussy I was shaken to the spine when I found a huge forbearing cock there.

"Fuck! You're a guy!" I yelled in disbelief.

"Well I thought you knew that, it was Topsy-turvy night or do you need to go to spec savers?" she - I mean he -asked.

I can tell you it took some minutes and another brandy to bring me to terms with it, and he was so feminine looking too. Apart that is from a huge upright cock.

"But you loved the kisses" she whispered, " and the cock tease though didn't you?... don't even know your name, mine's Ted, Teresa when I am in my frock1" he giggled provocatively.

"Pete" I replied reticently.

I sat there not quite knowing what to do, confused that indeed I was still sitting there and that I hadn't scarpered , and he, this Ted guy was still hovering about, having taken his girly things off and boldly standing there like he wanted something.

"Not bad Huh?" he said looking down at himself. " And you really thought I was a girl too, that's something for the book, shame I let you touch me then we may have had a lot more fun, but we still can if you are game, Pete?

"Sorry , mate - I am not gay."

"You could have fooled me, the way you are looking at me right now, Pete"

I realised I was and I had to come to terms with something that had bugged me for a long while, that in fact I could be prone to gay tendencies. I remained silent but still sitting there, on the edge of the bed.

"Well you could just give it a go since you are here and I am more than willing. Tell you what, Pete, touch it go on, just touch - no strings attached and it would be nice, well you did like me as a girl so I must have had some appeal to you, right?"

I shuddered at the idea but, but why not? I thought I'd give it a go, nothing to gain, nothing to lose - except my virginity! He sidled up to me, his cock almost in my face, I could smell it, that certain pungency I smell in my palm after I have wanked, but it had a certain instinctive attraction about it. His cock was huge. much larger than mine. I opened my hand and spread my fingers around its extremity, felt its heat emerge into my palm, then I closed my fingers around and gently squeezed - it was the first time I had felt another guys cock. 

He looked pleased enough, "rub me up a bit, Pete you know how?" ...

It felt firm and yet soft, different to how I imagined, I guess feeling your own isn't quite the same than to have another feel you, it was rather nice and I could see myself experimenting, coming to terms with myself that after all I am gay and there is absolutely nothing wrong therefore of doing things with another.

"That's so nice, Pete, you are a dab hand at it I can tell, now stretch it back and see what your parcel has inside- and then maybe you'd like to suck and taste it?"

I assumed he meant beneath his foreskin and tinkering with it I felt a surge in my groin. There was I doing something I could never have imagined before and feeling horny doing it, I realised my cock was swelling when I squeezed my thighs together and felt the soothing. Feeling.

This new experience was going to be simply adorable and Ted was the right guy for starters, maybe more who knows.

"You could have fooled me about being not gay" he repeated once more, placing himself on the edge of the bed next to me- spreading his legs and bending his knees to give me more access., his balls hanging plentifully over the edge, his cock bulging and throbbing.

"There, Pete how does that tickle your fancy, not bad Huh?"

I looked and he must have seen I was flustered. "Pete just let your hair down and enjoy, you know in yourself that's what you want right now, so enjoy while it is in the offing, I can only hold a stiff for a limited time."

I sniffed as I spread back his foreskin which revealed a really gorgeous red plum with that tantalising p-hole I'd heard called the Japanese eye, now I knew why. I shifted so I was kneeling between his open thighs, so I could do what was in my mind to do, to discover more about just how the most intimate of what can happen between two guys can feel. There was I cradling those lush full balls, his cock standing high to attention, wanting attention, my attention, Still cradling his balls, squeezing a little, I touched his Japanese eye withy the tip of my tongue, heard him moan as I started to lick my tongue around its orifice, it wasn't bad at all, in fact it seemed so very natural for me to taste and feel the stiffness of the rest of his bountiful cock inside my mouth, tasting its pungent earthiness as I slowly at first started to draw it in deeper and suck it, enjoying the feel of its warmth against my enveloping tongue.

"Yes, Yes!" Ted yelled moving his hips to and fro as I felt myself really getting into this cock sucking thing, balling, sucking, tasting, it was all so wonderful and good and do you know? - another thing I could never have imagined before I met Ted, the feel of his fingers rimming me as I sucked him, it all so very much added to the wonderful warm experience of being wanted and belonging, there was I telling him not to stop between sucking him, now I really knew my sexual leaning as I felt him submerge his fingers up me with the aid of lots of lubricant which really made if feel so beautiful that I began to want the experience of having his gorgeous hot primed cock deep up inside me.

Again he must have seen my longing in my face. "You'd like to try it, Pete? You've now sucked cock, how about fucking cock, feeling its divine deep fuck surge inside you to give you that so wonderfully satisfying first experience of a lifetime."

He was as good with words as he was influence me to do things I would never have imagined.

He went on to compliment my ass stating quite categorically that it was made to fuck, the beautiful sexy curves making it so very tempting and he soon showed me what he meant when he urged me to bend over the edge of the bed, and absolutely lavished every curvature and crevice with so deep strong licking and nudging with fingers and all, then when I felt a certain wonderful lovely sensation between my buttocks I knew he was deep sucking my asshole itself , it was so good, like and animal he was, grunting and groaning and then when he took my cock into his mouth, making it surge so strong and cum uncontrollably into his face I knew we were really an item.

"Now your turn before I really fuck you!" he yelled and then I was being absolutely smothered in ass and cock as he crouched over me pushing all into my face, me tasting his everything, feeling the merge of cock, balls, and ass sink into my face, I was completely gone, in another world entirely when I felt the strong spurt of fluid shoot out of his Japanese eye, - my mouth, my face was absolutely drenched with his cum and there was I sucking and swallowing like it was an everyday thing.

"Now, young Pete I am going to fuck the ass off you, want you to bend on all fours on the floor, show me that fucking ass full on just waiting for it right?"

By then I was completely his, that is all I wanted to be, all ass for his, to feel the sensation of his substantial hard cock fucking me. I didn't have to wait long, I felt first the nudge between my buttocks, then a sharp pain as he surged the head inside , feeling the stretching sensation, at first wondering if he was going to split me apart.

But he worked on it, he was so gentle at first, like he respected it was my first time, and he yelling that very fact, how nice it was to have a virgin ass just willing and waiting for it.

At first I started to have my doubts though as he plunged deeper inside, I felt his cock filling me up, it would hurt at first but then feeling the absolute joy and thrill of being fucked, the real passion began to show itself and I felt it was so wonderful to be able to give this so very special and intimate sharing of oneself, it was good to feel him work up to a crescendo, hearing his moans as he did so, my ass being thumped and stretched each time he thrust it into me with rapid deep penetrations.

And then I felt myself reaching a climax, his was nearly there, his final thrust came with a huge push which nearly sent me skidding to the other side of the room. I had been well and truly fucked, taken for the very first time.

I have never felt so good ad I did on my way home, strolling happily along the street, that so lovely feeing like Ted was still inside, feeing a completely new guy, no more inhibitions about my deep doubts, I knew what I was now, knew that I wanted, a real man in my life, and that man who was Ted...