 Thanks to Heatman833 you gave me the recall memories for this story. As most of you know, my stories are really a cross between Loving Wives and Gay male. To put it better that are about marrieds that suck cock together. There fore I will place this in GAY MALE, where all those men and women that enjoy other men sucking other men's cocks.

It was one night in the early seventies that my wife, Stephanie and I decided to walk home to the Little River area of Miami. We were on lower Collins in Miami beach. It was summer. the moon was big in the sky and the weather was balmy. Steph and I had only been married a short time. I was twenty two and Steph was eighteen. We had just left a movie and started to walking north on Collins. We talked and talked. The bennies helped loosen the tongues for both of us. 

On that walk we found more about each other than we had ever known. I was working in a downtown Miami hotel and Steph was working in a restaurant when we met. The methedrine was loosening our tongues up and we were telling each other about our sex before we met. Steph was from Mississippi and had been fucking for a long time. I had my time that I had sex with a few men. Steph was excited that I had actually sucked a man's cock. I was excited to learn that she enjoyed something that I did also. 

"When a cock comes in my mouth I love to swallow it slowly down and taste it all the way," she told me. For the first time in the six months that we had been married, I wanted to see her sucking a man's large cock. I was pretty large, seven and a half inches and fairly thick. I didn't like to have a man whose cock wasn't at least close in size to mine. If he had a large one, as the case had been many times, I would really like it. I had known that Steph wasn't a virgin when we married. I had no problems with fucking her the first time. What I had not known was just how many men she had fucked back in her small town of Winonna, in Mississippi.

"Jim," she asked me, "What would you think of me if I had sex with another man now." I told her that I hoped that I could see her do it. She told me about an older man that came in the restaurant she worked. She said that he was in Miami for the racing season and won quite often. She told me that he had offered her a hundred to fuck her. "We could use the money. He took his cock out one day when there was no one looking and it was real big. I think he likes men also, and I could see if he wants you too,"

That was how our talk went as we walked on up. Soon we were in a part of Collins that had no sidewalks, and we walked on the shoulder. Next I know a car had pulled over in front of us. The middle aged man asked us if we wanted a ride. We took him up on the offer and climbed in. The car was a large one and I let Steph sit in the middle. I made sure that I shoved her up next to his side . He said that his name was Hugo and that we had come down for the racing season. I asked him if he was having any luck. He grinned and said that he had just won a trifecta at Hialeah that day,

Steph and I both congratulated him. "Now I must spend it," he said in a heavily accented Eastern European accent. We both asked him where he was from and he said the he was from Russia. Steph grinned as she had heard that men from Russian really liked kinky sex. I had a Russian guy a year earlier and he had a very thick cock. I remember that he had cum a lot also. I could see my young wife look at the large bulge in his pants. I squeezed the top of her thigh, next to me, as if to tell her to act out some of the thing we had been talking about. "I would pay a man a hundred for a good time, but I would pay a pretty young lady like yourself two hundred to have sex with me.

I was getting hard now and when Steph asked her next question I almost ripped my pants. "How much would you pay a married couple to have sex with you?" He looked at her and grinned. On the earlier part of the walk, I had said that I wished that I could have been there to see her suck and fuck all her cocks. She said that she would love to watch me suck a cock. "The best thing would be for me and you to suck a big fat cock together," she had said.

"Are you sure you two could handle this?" he said and unzipped his pants. "Get it out little girl." Steph looked at me and grinned. She then reached into his pants and gasped, as she pulled a semi hard cock that looked like it would grow to over ten inches. It was as thick as a small coke bottle. Even though he hadn't given us any money yet, Steph bent under the steering wheel and sucked the head in her mouth. I took my cock out because it starts to drip sperm when I take some bennies. It was dripping now and I took it out and let the cum coat my fingers. Then as i watched my wife suck on the large cock head I sucked my sperm off the fingers. Hugo saw me and asked for a taste, I let my cock cum coat my fingers again and offered them to him. He sucked my fingers clean. 

"Give her some on my cock head." I let some more cum dribble and reached as Steph lifted her mouth off the large hot cock. I had to slide back the thick foreskin to coat the head with cum. Steph greedily sucked it back in. She then took her mouth off of him and sat up. She turned to me and asked if I wanted to taste it. naturally I did, and bent over, across Steph's warm soft body to take his cock in my mouth. It was now completely hard and I loved it. Then Hugo handed my wife some bills. "We will go to my motel room, it's just up the road." It was. It was just south of 163rd street in North Miami beach. he had leaked some in Stephs mouth and she turned to kiss me. I tasted his sperm.

"Baby I hope you like this." She whispered that she would. As we pulled into the parking lot, Hugo drove around to the back side of the motel. He said that the rooms were a little cheaper here but just as nice as up front. Steph whispered that he had given her three hundred and fifty dollars. That was more than either of us made in a week at our jobs. We were both so high from the meth that we stumbled into the room. I gave Steph another pill and took one myself. I could feel my balls tighten up. I gave Hugo and told him it was to keep him from getting tired. he took it, He stood in the floor with his arms around my wife and kissed her deeply. Steph groaned and mashed her mouth back on his.

While they were kissing I began to let his pants fall to the floor, along with his shorts. His cock dangled out from his crotch like a thick snake. I got on my knees and began to suck him. He was lifting Steph's dress over her head. I took her panties and pulled them down. I then took one of his hands and carried it to Steph's bushy cunt. He immediately shoved a thick finger in her. She moaned in his mouth. I was on the floor looking up as he fingered her cunt. I took one of her hands and put it on his thick cock. She started to jerking it and stroking it even though her hand barely fit half way around it. He had started to drip like I had been. Steph was smearing his cum all over his cock and balls. When I saw his huge tennis ball sized testes, I had to reach up and take them in my mouth. I sucked my wife's fingers in with them.

Stephanie finally broke away from Hugo's mouth and fell to her knees beside me. She looked at me with a look I had never seen before, "Let's give him the blow job of his life." She then took his huge cock head into her mouth. She had to stretch her lips to get it in. I began to suck all of one of his large balls into my mouth. When you think of it a testicle is the egg and is surrounded by lots of veins. These veins make up what you see in the man's ball sac. When I sucked the egg into my mouth a lot of the veins stayed in his sac. I knew that I had his life in my hands, actually my mouth, right then so I sucked them gently. I rolled it around inside my mouth and sucked on it though the hairy skin of his sac. Hugo moaned loudly as my wife's mouth enveloped his cock and mine washed his testicle with my tongue. 

"Come on darling...suck his balls...suck his balls," my wife had taken the cock out of her mouth. She caressed his cock as she watched me suck his ball. Then she took the other part of his large sac, which held the other testicle and opened wide. Hugo was really moaning as Steph enclosed his other ball with her wet hot mouth. Somehow we were actually able to get our mouths close, with only the skin of his testicle sac between us. I let my tongue roll the egg around inside my mouth. I gave the egg a push with my tongue and pushed the egg I was sucking into my wife's mouth. She looked like a chipmunk with his cheeks full of nuts. Stephanie was actually full of Hugo's nuts. She gagged some and had to let the eggs out when the wiry hair of his sac tickled the inside of her mouth too much. Hugo's ball sac was dripping with Steph's spit.

We both tongued them dry, or rather no longer dripping. Hugo called for a halt. "You kids are more that I thought. I thought that I just had a couple of kids that were hot to make some money. I now find that you two are a couple of perverts like me." He lay on his back on the bed and pulled the two of us with him. "Now both of you do the same with my cock." Doing to his cock what we did to his balls was harder to do , but Steph and I tried. We both mashed out lips together with his cock head in both our mouths. If it hadn't been for the thick shaft we could have done it. Actually as my wife swallowed most of his shaft, before she gagged, I was glad Hugo's cock had a shaft. I loved seeing it as it disappeared down her throat. I noticed that her throat bulged out from the cock in it. 

I began to do a sideways suck on the bulge. I was able to find the swollen hard ridge under the head with the tip of my tongue as the cock went deep in her throat where I couldn't reach. I ran my tongue all around what I could reach. We both had our heads in between his upper thighs. He was hairy here but the hair seemed softer that on his ball sac. Stephanie again too his cock in her mouth. She was managing it a lot easier that when she first started. Once again I sucked on the flesh of her neck to feel the hard muscle inside it. Hugo's cock was pulsing as his heart beat. Each time it did i could see her neck throb in cadence with it. Then Hugo bellowed loudly that he was cumming. Stephanie backed off his cock quickly in time to catch the first blast of cum on her tongue. Then she held the spurting hole a scant half inch before her stretched open wide mouth. 

Back and forth she directed the spraying cock head so I to could swallow some. By the time his cock stopped spurting, both our mouths and chins and even our chest were soaking with spilled sperm. It took up fifteen minuets of licking, lapping all the mess up from each other. Hugo had gotten down at our crotches and was sucking my cock and licking my wife's cunt furiously. It went from there to even more of an orgy of excesses. First Hugo lined my wife and I up, and got behind us with his face. He went from one of us to the other. He sucked, tongued and rimmed our anuses. I don't really know how Steph was feeling, but if you ever had some one suck on your ass hole then you know.

The next thing was for Steph to hold his fleshy butt cheeks apart for me. I speared my tongue into his crinkly hole. I had sucked around my tongue for a few minutes when I felt a push. "Don't hog his butt," my wife said, "let me have it a while. Steph had sucked mine on occasions, but I had never seen her in action. It was amazing the way she drove her tongue all the way in and then managed to pull the area surrounding his anus into her mouth while keeping her tongue deep in his ass. I bent under her chin and took his soft, but still swollen cock, in my mouth. I could taste the cum that was oozing from his piss hole. The bennies had made him soft one minute and hard the next. I kept lapping up the sperm. The only time I stopped was when Steph rested her tongue for a minute. I let his cum dribble all around his anus.

When Steph resumed her sucking , she was also licking up the cum I had spread on him. Then she took his limp cock and pulled it up till the head was against his anus. He choose that minute to experience the hard part of his high. I reached and pushed the hard head into his anus. I left it there for a few minutes and my wife and I licked and sucked at it. When it arched back out I saw his sperm running from his anus. he had dribbled quite a lot there. Steph was like a starved maniac as she began to siphon the cum from his anus.

We didn't have to rest up after each act. We just did whatever we were able to do because of the effects of the pills. Hugo had his cock hard and he used my wife's butt for a fuck hole. She screamed from having his thick cock where only mine had been before. I didn't even have any pain when he plunged into mine. I had been butt fucked before, but by smaller cocks. Hugo had been dribbling cum constantly so I was surprised to feel a huge hot load shoot up my rectum. That was the cue for my wife to suck it all from me. I must have finally drifted off. When I fitfully awoke later, the bed was empty. I heard voices from the bathroom. I went to see what they were doing. I was totally unprepared for what i saw.

My wife was kneeling in the large bathtub. Hugo was standing and was pissing. His cock was totally limp and the stream that was shooting directly into my wife's mouth was large and yellow. Steph held her mouth open and let the spray hit the back of her palate and gush back out and down her chin and breast. I saw that her dark cunt hair was plastered down with wet urine. While I stood there she took a large blast and squeezed his cock while she made a face and swallowed it. She gasped and let the cock resume the stream in her mouth again. I had to piss and I stepped forward letting loose as I got to the edge of the tub.

Steph adjusted to the twin streams and began to swallow my piss also. We finally began to wane our flow and my wife stuffed both our limp cocks into her mouth easily. I could feel Hugo's stream piss on my cock inside her. I could feel and see as she swallowed both our offerings down into her belly. Then we all got in the tub and turned the shower on. I could hear the piss slosh around in her belly just as if she had drank a lot of water when she got out. She immediately took both our cocks into her mouth. Somewhere along the way she began to chew gently on our flaccid pricks. It felt good till she got carried away and started to bite harder.

Hugo loved the biting. I didn't. I got down on my knees with my wife and together we bit fairly hard, but not hard enough to draw blood. If anyone would have ever told me that I would find biting a cock erotic I would have said that they were crazy. I loved it and evidently my wife did also. The walk we had started had turned out to be very informative about us both. It was possible that we would become a better husband and wife to each other. One thing was for sure, my wife loved to have other cocks beside mine and I loved to have them with her. The bulky immigrant from Russia was our first. he was a model that we used many times. The handsome , fit, young man was a thing of the past. My wife was married to me, but she wanted sex with the Hugo type of man. I did too. End of part one