 This is a true story of the first time I was kissed by another man. I'd sucked many cocks before, but usually at glory holes. This was the first time I was in a man's home with no wall separating us, like in the glory holes. It happened several years ago and there's been many cocks since, but when I remember these events I still get excited. Hope sharing this will bring you enjoyment. If so, vote and leave me a message.

***

I hooked up with a local guy, several years ago. We exchanged several Emails and finally decided to get together. He proposed a coffee house, but I knew several people who went to that place on a regular basis. He suggested another place and we agreed on a date and time.

I arrived a little early, got coffee and found a table at the back. It took less than a minute to realize I was in a gay coffee house. There were several couples and a few groups. Some single guys were giving me a once over look. Finally my guy approached. He knew what I'd be wearing, so I was quickly IDed.

We introduced ourselves and chatted for a while. We decided we'd like to take things further and talked a bit about our prior bi experiences. Soon he said, "Let's get out of here, away from all these fagots." This from a guy who wanted to join in mutual cock sucking with me!

We went to his house a few blocks away. In the living room he ordered me to strip naked. I took off my shirt, kicked off my shoes and socks and lowered my jeans. My Mistress kept me in panties 24/7. On this day I had on silky nylon panties with a floral design. My soon to be lover told me to stop and he came forward and ran his hand up and down my nylon covered ass. Reaching around to my front he griped my cock and balls gently through the fabric, while I submitted to his groping.

Stepping back he told me to finish. Down came the panties and I was standing naked in front of him. Again he approached me and started running hands all over me, still fully clothed as yet. Finally stopping at my small male parts, he squeezed, pulled, stroked and played with me for a while. My little cock got half hard. I was nervous, as I had no idea what would happen next. In my Emails I told him I was submissive and I agreed to let him "have his way with me".

Finally done fondling me, I was ordered to strip him. As I got him down to his black jockey shorts, I stopped to touch them. I hadn't seen men's underwear in a long time. Mistress had tossed all mine and replaced them with panties. He told me to take them off and soon I saw his cock. It was average size and still soft. He wasn't overly hairy. I longed to take his cock in my mouth and lick his low hanging balls. As if reading my mind he ordered me to my knees and to start sucking.

With his man meat in my mouth I sucked and ran my tongue over him. I bobbed back and forth on his cock, feeling the smooth skin slid across my tongue. He kept getting harder and soon filled my mouth with cock meat. I was just getting warmed up when he stopped me and told me to follow him upstairs. I watch his naked ass sway back and forth as he climbed the steps. Would he order me to kiss his ass? I didn't know what was to happen next. I never would have guessed what he had planned.

Entering the bedroom I was ordered to get on the bed on my back. I laid down on the rumpled, unmade bed and waited for what was to come next. 

I didn't have to wait long. Without warning he swooped down on me and latched on to my dick with his mouth. I was soft and he easily took what little there was of me into his mouth. Then he just sucked and sucked hard. It was like he was trying to sip a thick malt through a straw. I wasn't even hard yet. Soft and with no feeling of an orgasm, my cock suddenly erupted into his mouth. He just drained my balls with his suction. That must be what if feels like with a prostate milking. Stunned at the rapid turn of events, what happened next was even more strange.

He now spit my cum onto my cock and balls and hopped on top of me. He was a large man and his weight pressed me deep into the mattress. I wasn't going anywhere until he let me up. His hard cock started to pump back and forth on my slick, cum covered cock and balls. He was fucking me like a bitch with no hole. I was his woman. My head was spinning and I had no idea where this would end.

Now he lowered his face to mine and tried to kiss me on the lips. God...a MAN KISS!! I moved my head back and forth trying to avoid his lips. The rest of my body was pinned under him. He soon managed to press his lips to mine and with force, kept us lip locked. I think my mind went a bit blank until I next felt his tongue probing my lips. OH NO! Not that.

Again, by shear force, he entered my mouth with his tongue. My spinning mind had no idea what to do. I was being mouth raped, helpless against the weight pinning me to the bed and a wet tongue probing between my lips.

As I lay under this man...his cock thrusting away on my small man parts and his tongue trying to reach down my throat, I noticed my tongue, all on it's own, was now responding and flicking back at his tongue. We were french kissing and I was the woman. I knew I was the woman because I could feel his stubble scratching my face. I now knew what a woman must feel. A heavy body pinning her to the bed as a scratchy face kissed and tongue fucked her mouth and a hard cock was thrusting against her/my genitals. I felt my own passion building as we continued to french kiss.

Suddenly my mouth was empty, his head lifted and he raised up and knee walked toward my head. Straddling my chest he started stroking his hard cock. Knowing what was coming (cuming) I closed my eyes. As expected, sperm splattered down on my face. A strand fell across my eyes, another on my lips. Yes, I licked that up. More splatters covered me and were running down my cheeks. Finished, he laughed a little and said I should see myself. Eyes still covered with cum, that wasn't going to happen. As I lay there with man milk all over my face, he left and came back with a wet washcloth and helped me clean my face. I wiped off his cum and just lay there catching my breath and trying to stop my head from spinning.

We returned downstairs and got dressed. I said I be glad to get with him again. As I started for the door, he reached to kiss me again. I pulled away and he was fine with that now that he'd been sated, using my body for his pleasure while I lay pinned under his bulk. 

I've sucked a lot of cocks since then, and even been kissed by a few men. It's not something I enjoy, but as a submissive, I've learned to give in to the other person's needs and wants. If kissing will end up with me getting a cock to suck and a mouthful of cum, then bring it on boys.