 He only sat there looking me in the eyes, I could see the longing in his eyes, the man needed attention, his body craved to be touched, kissed licked sucked, any and all forms of human contact. I placed my hands on his shoulders, I slowly laid him back hovering over him, like I would kiss him. I leaned in but he turned his head away.

"No please I can't, won't kiss you I am sorry, I just can't." He pleaded with me, a tear forming in his eye.

I slowly got up, I took his left hand in mine, I pulled it tight, placing it in the restraint, he tried to object but I only gave him a look. I walked around the bed to his right hand, I stood there he stretched out his hand, letting me bind him like I had with his left hand. He now was my captive, I could do as I pleased to him including kissing him.

I went to the foot of the bed I slowly undressed, taking my time, I could see he wanted to see me naked, but at the same time worried I would try to force myself on him. Once naked I got back on my knees between his legs, my hands gently roamed his legs, they went into the legs of the briefs, getting oh so close to his ball sack. I reached over to the drawer and removed a pair of scissors, his eyes were like saucers, he was about to beg me to stop when I cut off his underwear.

His cock and balls for me to see, I threw the underwear on the floor, putting the scissors back in the drawer. All my moves were very slow and meticulous, his cock semi erect, jumping as my hands slowly brushed his nut sack, his cock slowly grew larger and larger as he got more comfortable. I ran my fingers through his chest hair the feeling was incredible, I tweaked his nipples he let out a soft moan, I would have to come back to them real soon.

My hands came back down his body gently grabbing his erect cock, I would say about six inches long, cut with a wild bush of hair, the man needed to be groomed so badly. 

"Do you and your wife still have sex?" I asked him softly.

"No she has no interest in seeing me naked." He replied so sadly.

I got up and left the room, returning with trimmers and a shaver, I placed a towel under his ass to catch all the loose hair. I trimmed his balls cock and pubes leaving maybe a half inch of hair over his cock, I took the shaver and shaved his cock smooth, then his balls sack, he would be so itchy the next day it would be rough for him. As I trimmed and shaved his cock spewed more and more precum. Once done his cock looked bigger and much more edible.

He lifted his head to look.

"Smooth as a babies bottom." I said with pride.

I left the room with the trimmers and a towel full of pubic hair. When I came back in the room he was trying to get a better look at what I had done, I grabbed a mirror to show him the finished look. I did not get a reply, only a look of fear. 

This time as I ran my hands up his legs to his ball sack, I grabbed his balls in my hand, I got a moan of approval from him, he clearly could feel more with the new shave. I grabbed his cock in my hand and took it in my mouth, my tongue circled his knob, I was about to swallow him to the base when he grunted and shot a load deep in my throat, the load was small but tasty. I sucked everything he had and tried for more, his knob was very sensitive after his ejaculation, but I continued on, I took his cock to the base and swallowed it as I sucked, he was grunting and groaning, like a injured animal, I grabbed his balls sack and squeezed his nuts gently, the stimulation to much for the man, his cock erupted once more catching me off guard, I swallowed this load as well, doing my best to not choke.

He assumed I was done, he had never cum twice and sure was not about to try for a third, he was not but I sure was. I released his cock from my mouth, he slowly started to shrink. I started with kissing his neck, down his chest to his nipples the man was going crazy, his nipples were so sensitive he dam near bucked off the bed, I licked down his sides to his waist, back up to his hairy nipples, giving them a work over once more, my mouth slowly made it way back to his deflated cock, I took his balls in my mouth rolling them, then massaging them individually, my tongue coated them in saliva.

I let his balls loose then took his semi erect cock back into my mouth, he tried to object but to no avail, I swallowed it back down my throat, my tongue massaging the underside of his hose, my fingers went to his nipples, pinching them softly. I pulled my right hand to my mouth wetting my index finger, positioning it to his untouched hole. He jumped and tried to object, I would not hurt him or try to enter him in any way, stimulation only.

His cock lodged deep in my mouth, my left hand rolling his ever so sensitive nipple, my right hand poking his untouched cavern was to much for the man, his balls tightened, his body became rigid, his toes curled, he let out an animal scream that my neighbors three houses away must have heard. His cock gushed cum, like the floodgates had been finally released, his body quivered, shook, part of him seemed to go stiff, this third orgasm had did something to him.

I sucked his cock clean, I removed the finger, then let his nipple go. He laid there his breathing labored, I was afraid he may have a heart attack, he kept his eyes closed, his mouth open, gasping for breath, his body finally relaxed, his breathing slowed, still he laid there eyes closed.

I untied his legs first then his arms bringing them to his sides, massaging the blood back into them, the man had a great body muscular, partially tanned. I sat on the side of the bed as he caught his breath and pulled himself back together. His eyes opened, he only stared at me, it had to be a good two minutes before he said anything.

"What have you done to me? I have never cum three times ever. That last orgasm dam near killed me, I thought my heart would burst thru my chest." He uttered as he turned on his side propped on is elbow.

I only smiled. "Want to try for four?" I jokingly said.

He shook his head, "Four could be and would be the death of me for sure, my cock has never felt like it does ever its numb from all the pleasure you have giving it, my balls ache from all the cum I have poured out, and on top of all that you swallowed it all." He said in disbelief.

"Come by again and we can try some different things." I told him shaking my head.

"I may need a week or two to recover, not even sure I can walk to my car, or drive for the matter." He told me rubbing his legs.

"Couple days you will be ready and hornier than you have ever been in your entire life, believe me." I said to him.

"I sure hope so, I could do this all the time." He said as he tried to sit up.

"Still a bit light headed from all the orgasms are you?" I asked knowing his reply.