 I helped him with his socks, then his trousers, finally buttoning his shirt for him, he just stood there looking at me as I buttoned the last button. I finally gave him a smile, I was about to say something to him when he pulled closer to me, grabbed my head in his hands, pulling me into a kiss, the man was a hard kisser, lips squished together. I slowly pulled back making him release me, he gave me this hurt look.

I took his hands placed them on my hips, I took his head in my two hands and gently kissed him, our lips barely touching, then soft kisses, then finally my tongue invaded his mouth. I was gentle, his tongue finally meeting mine. I massaged his tongue with mine, then slowly pulled back, planting small kisses on his lips. Steve held me close to him, our cocks slowly getting harder by the minute.

"I have to get going my wife will be wondering where I am." Steve commented pulling me closer.

I went to pull away Steve held me close.

"I thought you had to get going." I remarked.

"I do but this feels so good, I never get any of this at home." Steve commented.

We both stood there in my bedroom, holding each other gently kissing.

"I better get going, she will start calling soon." Steve said as his phone notified him of an incoming message.

"Yes I guess you better, Thanks Steve please come by again sometime. I commented.

"Thanks Tom this was wonderful, and I look forward to coming by real soon." Steve said as he leaned in and kissed me.

I walked Steve to the door, when we got to the door Steve turned and pulled me close to him.

"Thanks Tom really appreciate this you make me feel like someone cares, feels good to feel that way again." Steve said choking up as he said it. 

"You're welcome Steve; come by anytime." I remarked.

"Be careful what you say Tom; I will be at your door all the time." Steve said grinning.

I only smiled thinking how bad would that be to have Steve in my bed every night.

"I better go, she will be wondering where I am, Thanks again Tom this was incredible. Steve said as he turned to walk out.

I gently slapped his butt cheek as he passed thru the door.

"Take care Steve, message me when you can come by again. I said as he walked out.

Steve turned smiled and was out the door, I went to the front window to watch him as he got into his car. There was a spring in his step, he stood looking at the apartment block smiling, he got in his car and sat there for a minute or so, his phone message pulling him out of his trance. He started his car, rolled down the window and was gone.

I heard from Steve a few days later, he wanted to come by but she had asked so many questions as to where he was and why he seemed so happy all of a sudden, Steve came by a few days later, he commented how four days with no contact of any kind was hard for him now. Steve needed to be kissed, touched, held. 

Steve longed to spend a night in my bed with me, he would need a iron clad excuse to be gone overnight, Steve stressed over coming up with something his wife might believe. Finally telling her he had to go visit his brother in a neighboring city. He later told me she accepted the excuse without any questions, Steve suspected his wife was having an affair of her own.

Steve showed up on a Friday night, he and I both off the next day, we could sleep in and enjoy each other. Steve showed up suitcase in hand, I greeted him at the door taking his suitcase from him and putting on the floor, I wrapped my arms around his neck planting a kiss on his lips.

Steve pulled me close his cock already semi erect, he was grinding his cock into mine. We stood at the doorway for what seemed like hours losing all track of time.

"Are you going to come in, or should we just spend the night in the entrance?" I asked jokingly.

"You have not invited me in as of yet." Steve replied smiling.

I took his suitcase and his hand pulling him into the house.

"Can I get you a drink? You're a beer drinker right?" I asked knowing his reply.

"Yes a beer would be great, thanks Tom." Steve smiled as he replied.

I went to go to the kitchen to get his beer but he had my hand held firmly in his.

"I need both hands to go get at beer for you Steve." I said smirking.

"Yes you do Tom but it will cost you one kiss to get this hand back." Steve said winking.

"Only one kiss that is the deal of the century for sure, for you I will give you two kisses." I said devilishly.

Steve pulled me to him, I loved the feel of his warm body pressed to mine, his arms enveloped me, I ran my fingers thru his hair, gently pressing my lips to his, Steve's lips felt so right against mine, everything about Steve and I felt so right, I could not explain it.

"Beer I was getting you a beer." I said as I pulled away.

"Have a seat relax, we can sit and talk or watch something on television if you like." I suggested.

"How about we just sit and talk, maybe cuddle and watch a movie?" Steve suggested quietly.

"Popcorn? should I make some popcorn? For the movie?" I asked.

"Sure, that's fine as long as I can hold you close to me, I'm down for that." Steve said turning a bit red.

I went to the kitchen put on some popcorn grabbed us a beer, came out beer and popcorn in hand, Steve had made himself comfortable, taking off his shirt and trousers, sitting there in his underwear and socks.

"I like the way you think." I said as I quickly removed my trousers and shirt.

Steve laid back on the couch, holding his arms out for me to lay on him, I quickly found a movie we could watch, we settled in getting comfy. Steve's cock was rock hard from the start, which made mine get harder and harder.

We got thru about ten minutes of the movie before I could not take it anymore, his hard cock was right there for me to touch, I could not resist, I slowly pulled his underwear down, exposing his cock, I slid down so my mouth was just above his beautiful cock.

I stuck my tongue out, gently sliding it along the shaft of his penis, till I reached the knob, Steve's cock jumped with the sensation of my tongue encircling his knob, I took it in my mouth gently sucking some of his precious precum into my mouth, using it to slide his cock deeper down my throat.

"Tom slow down your going to make me cum if you continue." He uttered as he moaned.

"Oh Dam Tom that feels so good, Oh my, Yes right there Tom, Oh my yes, yes I'm coming." Steve cooed as he came in my mouth.

I sucked Steve clean not a drop wasted, his cock slowly shrinking, I laid back on Steve's chest, he pulled me into a kiss, the man was becoming an incredible kisser now.