 Massage. A new experience for me.

I am lying there on my stomach being kneaded by strong hands, with a tiny little towel doubled folded and laid over my ass. The masseur is a sun tanned body builder type who also has a little towel wrapped around his waste. He has a very hot body of course and is the sort of man every woman wants to fuck. He is slowly rubbing oil into my legs, my thighs in particular. His hands move closer up toward my crotch with every movement. I slowly open my legs a little so he can massage further up my inner thighs. The feeling of his hands is electric. I can feel my dick hardening to his touch, even if it is squashed beneath me. I feel his fingers accidentally touch my balls. Just a slight touch. Enough to make we want to cum already. He is so hot. I see his muscular tanned body next to me, the little towel around his waist. I look at the slight bump made by his dick. I imagine it is getting bigger. Maybe it is. It is right in front of my face now. Only inches away...

He is moving his hands up my thighs now. It feels so good. He once again bumps my balls. He must realise my dick is getting so hard? What can I say? 

"Sorry, but you have a such a hot body. Do you mind if I just suck your cock?"

What if he is not into that sort of thing? A woman only type man. What a waste that would be! My mind starts to wander with desire. I recall the day before when I came home unexpectedly. I heard noises from the bedroom. I slipped off my shoes and quietly climbed the stairs. Through the crack between door and jamb I peered in. There was my wife, naked, on the bed, my brother's hard dick in her mouth. A teen guy was behind her, also naked, pumping his rather slender but quite long dick into her cunt. Another older man was by her head, naked as were they all, slowly stroking his horse like member, waiting for his turn on my wife's cocksucking mouth. The fucking slut! I couldn't believe my eyes.

I knew I should march in, indignant, demand to know what was going on. Order them all from my house, including my wife. But I didn't. Instead I stood there, cuckold that I now am, unzipped my fly, and with difficulty extracted my quickly hardening dick. I slowly began stroking it to a complete erection. I watched as my brother's body arched back slightly, obviously delivering his load of cum into my wife's very willing mouth. When she finally finished sucking and licking his meat she turned to the older man, All the time the teen just kept fucking her, watching the older men. The old guy quickly pushed his enormous cock into her mouth. She was moaning as she sucked. I didn't know she desired such a big cock, or so much of it. It wasn't long before he too delivered his warm load into her mouth. I wished it was my mouth. Finally I saw the young guy spear her hungry cunt with a final lunge of his hot teen cock. They finally collapsed onto the bed. I spewed my load of cum all over the wall. Luckily it is painted white. I quickly, quietly, cleaned up the mess with my handkerchief, and made my way silently back down the stairs. Then I opened and closed the door, calling out that I was home. I imagined the panic upstairs. Too good.

I came back to reality. This sexy hunk was moving his hands toward my crotch again. I felt his hand lightly touch my balls once more. I was sure I was going to cum. 

"Roll over", he smiled. 

This is going to be a problem. A little towel, and enormous hard on. What am I going to do? I try pushing my body over, holding the towel at the same time. The towel slips down onto the floor. I am lying there, hard on exposed, reaching for the towel and feeling embarrassed and foolish.

"Don't worry", I here him laugh. "It happens all the time."

I bet it does. I climb back onto the table, lying on my back. My hard cock lies, pointing upward, on my stomach. He tells me to push my knees up, legs apart. I do so and immediately feel his strong hands sliding up my thighs toward my ass. Suddenly I realise he has injected a finger into my hole. His lubed digit is slowly sliding in and out of my ass. My cock gets even harder. I'm sure I am about to cum. Fuck, it feels so good! He must hear my breathing, getting heavier as I enjoy his penetration.

"Good", he asks?

"Mmmm", is the only reply I can make.

I see him standing by my face. His towel drops to the floor, his great, thick erection springing forward only inches from my mouth. I have never sucked a cock before. My mouth opens slightly, I run my tongue over my lips without even thinking. I want it so bad. So fucking bad. In my mouth, in my ass, anywhere!

He moves from my ass to my cock. I feel his strong hand begin to massage my dick, his

other hand carressing my very full balls. His dick is still in my face. I know what is expected of me, and I am only to willing to do it. I lean over on my elbow, opening my mouth. He moves back, teasing me?! 

"Get up," he commands quietly. "Better on your knees," he adds. 

Obviously a man of experience. I do as I am told. Springing from the table I am on my

knees in front of his lovely strong body, my hand on his prick. I put my mouth to the head, lick his cock hole hoping already for some pre cum. Not yet. I can wait. Slowly I push the head into my mouth. Mmmm. This is as good as I had hoped. So fucking good! I slide my mouth further down his penis, just like I have watched my wife do to me so many times. And now like I have watched the slut do to others!

I slide the member back out of my mouth, my hand still gripped around the shaft. I look up at him for approval, and see it on his face. Obviously I am not doing so bad for an amateur. I pass my tongue down the length of his shaft, something I have always dreamt of doing. So delicious. My tongue darts to the bottom of his shaft, licking his balls. I move my open mouth to his balls, sucking one side of his lovely full sack into my mouth. His cock and balls are shaved. Something I have dreamt about. So fucking delicious!!

I push his delicous sack out of my mouth, with my tongue. I enjoy it so much. Fun even, if it didn't all taste so good. My ass wants him so badly. I wonder if he will? I want his big hard cock in my virgin ass even more than I want him in my mouth. I slip my tongue back up the shaft, back to where it all began. Slowly I slide the head, then as much of the beautiful shaft as I can fit, back into my mouth. I have never seen another man's cock up so close, so personal I suppose, but it feels awfully big. I continue to suck his prick, sliding the weapon in and out of my mouth. I hope I am satisfying him? I've never done it before, but I know for sure I will do it again. Far too good to stop now.

His hand goes to the back of my head, forcing more of his cock into my mouth. I can't take any fucking more! I suddenly feel his weapon and body jerk slightly. His cum bursts into my mouth. The only man's cum I have ever tasted was my own. There seems to be gallons of the stuff. I know there isn't but it is filling my mouth. I gobble and slurp, swallow as I fast and as much as I can, trying not to miss a drop of his beautiful juice. I feeling like I am choking on his cum and his dick. 

Slowly he releases me. He slides his softening dick from my mouth. I am licking it, the head for any cum left over, a few last tastes from the shaft before he finally pulls it away from me. I don't want to let it go. I want to whisper to him my hottest desire. 

"Fuck me",. I want to plead. To scream. "Fuck me. Just fucking give it to me!" But I don't. Maybe next time? I can't fucking wait!