 It had been a great massage until I turned over and realized he was naked and had a huge cock hanging over his big sack. I had thought he paid a lot of attention to my glutes and while it had excited me when his fingers brushed my ass hole a couple of times, I figured it was just part of the process.

I was a little uncomfortable when he had said to turn over because I was a semi hard. When I did turn over, his manhood was only inches from my face. I got even harder and as he reached for my cock and as I avidly opened my mouth he pressed his massive meat into it.

"Is this your first?" He asked as he smoothly stroked my meat. "Cock I mean."

I could only moan around him.

"But you have been thinking about it?" He followed?

"Mmmm." Was all I could reply overwhelmed with lust as my fantasies materialized right in my mouth. It felt so wonderful having his tasty cock in my mouth, to run my tongue and lips over it. 

I could only get about 3 inches of it comfortably into my mouth and he didn't feed me any more. He was a mouthful with only part of him in me. His girth almost filled my mouth but left room to work my tongue over him and savor the feel of something inside me.

Always loving giving oral pleasure to women I had joked that my pleasure center was in my tongue. This was far different. Instead of covering something with my lips and sticking my tongue into someone, I had something entering my body. It freed something feminine in me. My manhood was not shaken and that surprised me as much as anything. 

As he took my sack into his firm grip he said: "Go ahead, find out what you want to know. Enter the world of pleasuring cock. Feel it entering your body like nothing before. Explore the sensations of it on your tongue and through your lips. Savor it cock sucker. You are a man who sucks cock"

"That's right, you are a cock sucker now, embrace it. It means you give pleasure to men with your mouth. Not everyone can or will do this. But you, a man, can and will gladly do it. Suck my cock, man, like no woman ever will be able to. Give the pleasure that few can and take strength from it. Feel the power knowing with just your mouth you have me, a man of certain strengths and power is under your control." 

When I reached for his balls he held my hand and said: "No, not this time. Use just your mouth to take complete control of me. Make me yours. Take some more of me into your power and take me to the limits of pleasure."

He had stopped touching me and had his hands on the table supporting himself. I could see his legs shake as I felt his shaft pulsing and knew I had taken us where I had never been before and it excited me like nothing I had ever done.

I was consumed by what I was doing then and could not believe it. It had been a dark hidden fantasy of mine for so long. Unexplored but always lurking there in the shadows of my psyche. I masturbated to gay and especially bi porn all the time and even had thoughts of cock when with my girlfriends.

As my mouth filled with spit and his precum I worked my tongue over the crown and shaft. I tried to open the orifice in the end to suck more of his juice out of it. It had little or no flavor and I wanted more. The way he felt sliding through my lips felt amazing. I was finally sucking a cock and it was un-fucking-believable.

I was salivating so much and he must have been leaking a lot because my chin and the side of my face on the table were covered with it. His smell filled my nostrils. A combination of fresh sweat and soap,, the oil he used undercut by the scent of what I could only describe as man scent. Far different from the aroma of a woman it was equally arousing to me.

Watching sweat roll down his flat taught stomach I could see his balls pull up tight to his body as the first of his semen flowed into my mouth, I could feel it racing down over my tongue into my throat. I was so overwhelmed with the sheer volume of it. I couldn't keep it all in my mouth and had to swallow. There was so much and it was coming so fast but I had trouble containing it. It was different than his early juice but nothing strong or unpleasant. I was ready for the flavor as I had tasted mine on more than one occasion in many different ways.

And he was right; I was filled with power just knowing I had brought this perfect specimen of manhood in his prime almost to his knees. The sensual erotic pleasure was one thing but the sense of empowerment was stronger.

"Oh my god, take it, suck my cock, feel the power and know that few have ever made me feel like this before. Just knowing I am your first is so fucking hot. Know that you have me completely in your power now. It pleases me so much that I will have to return the pleasure to you." He said as he had to finally move and slowly fucked my mouth as the last of his essence emptied into my body.

"Know now that you are not gay, but that you are a man of certain pleasures and they are more than most. Believe me when I say that the next person you make love to will benefit from it. You have explored a part of you that few know of and even fewer have seen. It will make you more aware of your senses and your partners.

As he slowly pulled his beautiful cock from the grip of my mouth, I was disappointed it was over. I wanted to suck him again, and right then. I wanted him back in my mouth but this time I wanted to use my hands, maybe even more.

As he straightened up his cock hung down, not soft but definitely well used covered by my spit and he was the living picture of so many cocks that I had jerked off to. Wanting to kneel in front of him and take it back into my mouth and feel the power return to him he said: " Now I will do something for you, anything you want."

As he moved to hover over my crotch he took my hot hard cock into his hand I asked: "Anything?"

"Of course!"

Looking into his eyes I rolled over and raised my ass towards him as I spread my legs.

Smiling he said: "So, you really want to experience more of the other side don't you? Good for you, relax and let me bring you pleasure."

Pulling me by the thighs to the edge of the table he had me kneel. I lay forward to rest my head on my forearms as he spread my legs as wide as the table. He started massaging my ass like he had earlier when I was surprised by how aroused it had made me. 

"You didn't think I noticed did you? I knew immediately who you were by the way you reacted to my touches on your ass. I knew you had some wild animal to free deep inside your soul. Finish the process; release the rest of the beast. It is just a side of you that you never wanted to face, but it is natural and should be freed." He spoke almost in a whisper.

As he spread my cheeks wide I could feel his hot breath on my long neglected opening, now about to be freed. Teasing me with just his breath I reached back to take my cock into my hand. Once again he took my hand in his and said: "No hands for this too." 

Resting back on my forearms I submitted to him, trusting that this would take me to yet another level of awareness and sensuality.

As he finally touched my anus with his thumb tips he said: "Relax this portal, let me take you to one of the last places you have often desired but would never allow yourself to go."

"One of" I questioned myself. 

Relaxing my hips to his caress as his hands spread over my cheeks, then my thighs followed as his strong hands worked their way down them. I then realized that I was clenching my ass hole tight and tried to relax there too. He must have seen his because I could feel his hot breath entering me as I opened up. 

As I moaned he speared my opening with his tongue tip. It felt searing hot and as he covered my ass hole with his lips I think I swooned. That's the only way I could describe the feeling. Not one I associated with a straight man until that day. But like so much that day, everything about me was changing, my feelings for sure but my thinking too.

As he spread my cheeks even wider he did what I can only describe as make love to my ass. Quickly I realized it was exactly what I had done with my mouth to his cock.

As he sensed me completely surrender to his oral caress he paused to ask: "Has anyone ever done this to you before?"

"Oh my God, no, never. It has always just been a fantasy."

He continued to explore my past with more questions. 

"Has anyone ever touched you here? Entered you with anything? A finger or toy?"

"No, nothing. I have touched myself in the shower at first and a couple of times when I masturbated, but it was never satisfying. Nothing as nice as this, don't stop. Please don't stop." I confessed and begged.

"No worry there, I said I would do anything to help you continue to free yourself and won't stop until you can take no more."

With all this talk I had lost my erotic edge and my cock now swung limply between my legs as I looked back between them. But that quickly changed as his wet tongue found my secret center again. With his lips covering me he worked his magic on me and I was quickly brought back to full tumescence and the edge of orgasm.

As my cock filled with blood and my balls tightened up against my groin I pleaded: "More, faster, I'm almost there. Fuck! This feels unbelievable, don't stop.

"Catch your essence. Do not waste it, but don't touch your cock. Catch your cum."

As my balls emptied what felt like the biggest load of cum ever I did just that. It felt hotter than I remembered as I thought I saw the light at the end of the tunnel! It was just that I had my eyes squeezed so tight and the orgasm was so overwhelming I almost blacked out. 

I usually cum with 3 or rarely 4 long hard and quick shots of cum followed by a few of lessening strength. This was more of an explosion out of my body and up through my cock which was waving everywhere. I missed as much as I caught but really didn't care. 

It all seemed to be over so quick when it felt like an eternity as it happened and I had to turn away from his mouth.

"Enough, enough, I can't take anymore." I cried as I turned to face him. He was standing there with a satisfied smile on his face as he said: "Deeper into the dark side? Does it not look so much better out here in the light." He asked me, never breaking our look.

Taking my wet hand into his he licked up my cum with his tongue and sucked it with his mouth. "So much." He said.

Still looking deep into his eyes I admitted: "Just when I thought life couldn't get any better, you do that! Well done young man, well done. You have freed something wonderful and splendid from deep inside of me."

Breaking the gaze I looked down to see his rampant cock standing out straight from his body and it looked huge. I couldn't believe I had that in my mouth.

As I moved back up to the middle of the table I had kept my legs up and spread wanting the feeling I was experiencing to last.

As I was saying: "Thank you so much. I will never forget what we just did." he moved to be at my hip and reached between my legs and touched my taint. When I moaned and spread my legs he said: "It doesn't have to end here there is so much more I can teach you." He now had the tips of two fingers at my opening. In my satisfied and relaxed state they started to slide into me. 

But as he tried to spread them and my hole I couldn't take it and squirmed from his grasp.

"That might take some doing with this monster of yours." I said with mixed emotions. I wanted something in my ass but something of his size would take some doing. 

As I stroked his long shaft I said: "But I would love to have this beauty back in my mouth, if you let me use my hands this time. Let me make love to with my mouth." 

"Of course, but the next time we meet, I want to show you the final pleasure. You have more of that dark side to explore." He said as he moved against the table and presented his monster to me. I quickly took him in one hand as I turned to cover his meat with my mouth.

"You seem to be taking nicely to my cock. Have you decided to give up women for it?' He teased.

"Probably not, but I need to explore this side of me that you help free before I make love to another woman." I confessed as I sucked wantonly on him. It was so much nicer when I could use my hands.

The sensual pleasure of sucking him while being able to touch him was overwhelming but just more of this memorable afternoon. As I savored his meat I stroked his shaft and cupped his sack rolling his fat orbs in my hand. It felt as large as a tennis ball and just as firm. It was then that I first noticed he was smoothly shaved or waxed. When I first sucked him I felt nothing with my hands just my mouth, but now that I could explore I realized how smooth he was. As I could see around his cock and feel his sack I wondered if he had removed all of his hair and ran two fingers over his sack to his fuck hole like he had done to mine. I was glad to find it as smooth as a baby's and easily slid two fingers inside of him to the second knuckle. 

"Oh yeah, you know everything that makes a man cum. And all too soon he started to hold my face and fucked my mouth. I was taking more of his cock than before but there was plenty for my hand to hold so I could feel his cum shoot down it into my mouth. 

Again there was such a quanity, it seemed like as much as the first time and I loved it maybe more if possible. I once again was filled with lust for the act but the powerful feeling it gave me to bring so much pure pleasure to another person was more powerful.

As I milked the last of his juice from his balls I slid my fingers from his ass.

"Just when you think there is nothing more to shine the light on you find something else." he said once again touching my anus." We may have to teach this little hole to learn to open up for me."

"As much as I want that, it surely will take some training." I said looking forward to the wonder of what all this may entail. As I knew I had to leave then of never, I slid off the table and hugging him so that my renewed cock pressed to his and then realized he was easily twice my size.

"In my fantasies the cocks I see are more my size. I don't think I will ever be able to take you inside me as much as I want to feel you spill your seed into me." I say breaking our embrace and reaching for my jeans. 

As I bend over he reaches between my cheeks to tease my hot hole and says: "Let's make another appointment for the last one of the day and I'll show you how to do that. We will need a lot of time like today but it can be done if you want it and I help you relax properly. Unless you want to start with someone else maybe with a smaller member."

Pulling my jeans up and zipping them up I take his cock in my hand and notice that I can only cover half of it with my grasp.

"No, we will find a way and someday there will no doubt be others." I say slowly stroking his shaft. "But I want this to be the first cock that takes me. Takes my ass for the first time. Would you like that?"

Surprising me the final time for that day he holds my cheek and kisses me. Tenderly with his tongue gently exploring my mouth, searching out mine. It is a very sensuous kiss but a man's kiss so unlike a woman's.

Savoring it a moment longer I regrettably break it and move from his reach.

"If I don't leave now, I'll never get out of here. Shall we say next Friday late, in case the instruction takes long?"