 I am a bisexual male in my late 50's. Lately, I have been leaning more towards a sexual life as a gay male. I have had my nipples pierced along with having a Prince Albert piercing in my cock. I shave my entire body except for the hair on my head and my eyebrows. I just like the feeling of being smooth.

I have visited gay male bathhouses, nude gay male beaches and had massages from gay male massage therapists. The story that I want to relate to you now is of my last massage appointment. I looked through the therapists in the Ft. Lauderdale area online and found one that I thought would be interesting. He offered a variety of massages from deep tissue to erotic. He also had a website where he posted photos and videos of his massage sessions. I assumed that he got the permission of his clients before posting the sessions to his website.

So, I decided to call him and arrange for a 100 minute session that he offered at a "special price". We had gave a nice conversation about what I was looking for in a massage, and in the end I told him that I was his to do what he wanted with during the 100 minutes of my appointment. He seemed pleased and gave me directions to his place. I made the appointment for 11 a.m. on a Saturday in order to give me a chance to get ready for the massage and drive to his place. 

When I arrived, I knocked on the door to his apartment and he answered it in just his shorts. He greeted me and invited me in. Right inside the door was the massage table and a bed with a dresser and mirrors. He had candles burning and soft music playing. We talked briefly about the weather, etc. and then he invited me to take off my clothes and lie face down on the massage table. All that I was wearing was a t-shirt, and shorts as I was barefoot. When I had finished and approached the table, he had taken off his shorts also and we were both naked. That is when I saw the enormous size of his cock. It must have been at least 9 inches flaccid and really thick. He was circumcised and the head was large and purple. 

Now in all of my previous massages with gay therapists, the massage was accompanied by some exploration of my anal passage by their fingers, some nipple play and in the end they would either put my cock in their mouths or jerk me off until I came. That is what I expected to happen today also. I handed him the $100, then laid down on the massage table and said "I am all yours." He reached for the warm massage oil and applied some to my back and shoulders. His hands were magic and the tension was leaving my body. Every now and then, his body would touch mine as he moved around the table and his cock now getting aroused would brush up against me. 

He applied more oil to my arms, legs and feet and continued with his massage. He then poured a generous amount of massage oil on my butt cheeks and in my butt crack. He started to massage my butt, working the oil in and I have to tell you the feeling was fantastic. The oil that spilled into my crack was spread by his fingers around my anus and balls. He laid his cock into one of my hands while massaging my butt and I instinctively grabbed hold of it. It was hot and huge.

He then asked if I ever heard of bondage massage. I replied that I had read about it online. He asked if I had any interest. My response was the same as when the massage began "I am yours for the next 90 minutes to do with what you want". That was the excitement for me. Great he said and he moved to the head of the table and reached under it for two leather cuffs. He applied one to my right wrist first and then to my left. They were secured to the table by chains. He then moved to the foot of the table and retrieved 2 more leather cuffs and secured my ankles to the table. I was now bound spread eagle to the massage table completely at his mercy. I had a feeling that there was going to be more than his fingers going into my ass.

He then climbed onto the massage table with the bottle of massage oil and applied more to my butt hole. First he inserted one finger and moved it in and out and then two. He commented "You really are tight. We are going to have to do something to loosen you up. That is when he reached over to the dresser, opened a drawer and took out several dildos. He started with the smallest and steadily worked his way up to the larger ones. I have to tell you, that I have had anal sex before but I was being stretched beyond a point that I ever have been. 

Just then the front door opened behind me and someone walked in. I was naked bound spread eagle to a massage table with my naked therapist on top of me pushing a large dildo in and out of my ass. Since there were mirrors everywhere I could see that it was a handsome black man who said "Hi, Pete. I see that you have your hands full today. I just stopped by to see how you are doing today. Is there something that I can do to help?"

Pete, which as I assumed was my therapists name, said "Hey Ken, this one is exceptionally tight and I think that if I stick my cock into him without enough prep, that it will definitely hurt. Do you think that you can loosen him up a little for me?"

Ken replied "That's what friends are for." He then proceeded to take off all of his clothes and got on the massage table after Pete got off. He applied some more massage oil to my hole and his cock. Before I could object, Pete had come to the head of the table and shoved his cock into my mouth as I opened it to speak. All that I could do was mumble as Pete held my head shoving more of his cock into my mouth and throat. Ken now held his cock, which was now fully erect at the entrance to my hole. He applied steady pressure until the head popped in. He then started to push in and pull out of me as each time forward he would go a little deeper. 

I was busy with the cock in my mouth trying to invade my throat and gasping for air. This bondage massage arrangement made it impossible for me to offer much resistance to either Pete in my mouth or Ken in my ass. Ken finally bottomed out as I felt his large balls slapping against my butt cheeks as he pushed forward. Pete had decided that his cock was just too big for my throat and instead decided to fuck my mouth pushing in and out. Both Pete and Ken had settled into a rhythm fucking me in both of my holes. 

I was sweating profusely as I was being spit-roasted. After about 20 minutes or so, Ken's cock seemed to get even larger and his body tensed. He was getting ready to cum inside me. He grabbed my hips and pulled his cock into me as far as it would go and exploded his cum inside my ass. I felt the warm fluid filling me. His cock stopped jerking and went limp as he pulled it out of my ass. I felt his cum dripping out of my hole onto my balls. 

He said to Pete "I think that I have loosened him up enough for you. It's your turn so let's trade places." With that Ken got off of me and moved around to the front of the table with his cock still covered with his cum from fucking my ass. Pete then climbed onto the table behind me and said " Well it looks like I don't need to use any more massage oil, because between what we have already applied and your cum Ken, he is ready for round two." Ken just grabbed my face and moved it next to his cock and said "Suck this clean for me sweety, I don't want to dirty my underwear when I put it back on." With that said, he shoved his cock into my mouth and I did as I was told. I had no other choice, since I was bound tightly to the table with no options.

Pete then applied a little oil to his enormous cock and placed the head at the entrance to my hole. Even with all of the "loosening up" that I had received, his cock was still having difficulty getting past my outer rim. Pete then put the weight of his body behind his rock hard cock and bam...the head was in my ass. It felt like he was going to split me in half. He did the same thing as Ken did working a little at a time into me until his pelvis was slapping up against my ass cheeks. Wow, did I feel full. Ken had withdrawn his cock from my mouth and just sat on the bed to watch the show. 

Pete was muck more aggressive that Ken was in fucking my ass. He was pounding me like a slab of meat. The pain in the beginning was almost unbearable, but as he continued it was almost becoming pleasurable. I was getting fucked like I had never been fucked before. Being bound made it even more exciting to the point that my cock was as hard as it ever has been. After about ten minutes of Pete's fucking me in the ass, my cock exploded soaking the sheets below my stomach with my cum. Pete continued until he to was approaching his climax. His body became rigid and he shoved his enormous cock into me as far as it would go smashing my butt cheeks. When he came, just like Ken I could feel the warm fluid flooding my insides. 

When Pete was done cumming in me, he collapsed on me with his entire body weight. All that I could do was just lay there and wait until he was ready. After about five minutes, Pete got off of me and slapped my butt cheeks hard saying "That was one hell of a massage." Both Pete and Ken removed the wrist and ankle cuffs from me and helped me up into a sitting position. There was cum leaking out of my ass and I was covered in sweat, but I was happy because I got what I came for...a real good fucking massage! 

I also received a bonus. Pete had the video cameras on the entire time and posted it on his website.