 The next week Paul returned for his appointment, and I jerked him off again, but this time I didn't need any encouragement. I just did it. Again he left without tipping me. My cock was rock hard and I needed relief. So I jerked off right there in my office. Later that night when I got home I still fucked my girlfriend, Jessica. 

The following week I was rock hard even before Paul got there. As before it was the same thing. After the massage I started to jerk him off without any encouragement. Then he spoke.

"Why don't you suck it?" he asked. I stopped stroking him.

"What?"

"Suck it. You're real good at the hand job, let's see if you're any good with a blow job."

I looked at him. Stroking a guy was one thing, sucking his cock is another. I wasn't expecting this at all.

"Well I don't know, I mean...." 

"Go on, suck it." Paul commanded. My cock got even harder, which surprised me a bit. 

"Come on you know you want to." 

Looking at Paul I slowly bent over. I held his hard cock straight up. When my mouth was only an inch away I stopped. I looked at Paul, he was grinning.

"Go on."

I looked back at his cock. It was so close, its one eye staring at me. I stuck my tongue out, licked the head. It was a bit salty, smooth. I licked it again. Paul moaned slightly.

"Alright you've had a small taste, now suck it." Paul instructed.

My mouth opened and I sucked the head in. I swirled my tongue around the head. Then I sucked in another inch. My hand was still gripping his cock, so I could only take in a couple of inches. I started to bob up and down on his cock. It slipped out, smacked me on my cheek. I quickly sucked it in again.

"Yeah that's it." He moaned.

I liked the way it felt in my mouth, warm and soft, yet hard. I sucked it, ran my tongue around it, Paul moaned. With my hand I stroked it. 

"Oh yeah you're a good cock sucker." he moaned. "Sure you never done this before?"

I continued to suck his cock. It was definitely hard, he was definitely enjoying my work.

"Take your hand off it, take it deeper." He said as he pulled my hand off. It popped out of my mouth, I looked at him. I thought I was doing pretty good.

"Yeah I want you to take it deeper."

I took his cock in my hand, stood it straight up, then lowered my mouth on it. Slowly I went down, taking it deeper and deeper. Soon it was at the back of my throat, about three quarters of the way in. I couldn't take anymore. With my lips tight on his cock I pulled back. When I got to the head I went back down as far as I could.

"Oh yeah you sure are a good cock sucker" Paul moaned. 

I kept this up as I reached for his balls. Massaging them.

"Yeah that's good."

I pulled back until I had just the tip in my mouth, then I slowly went back down, taking it as far as I could. This time I took it a little farther.

"You like sucking cock, don't you, you little cock sucker."

Again I pulled back, this time all the way back. I stroked his shaft with licking the tip. His head was back. I sucked it back in.

"Suck my cock you dirty little cock sucker."

I kept this up for several minutes, his hips rising in time with me. He started to moan louder, then his hips thrust upward and he exploded in my mouth. I was caught off guard, didn't expect that, but kept sucking. 

"Take my jizz you cock sucker."

He shot several more times, I don't know how many, and I kept sucking. His cum, warm and salty, was all over my mouth. I swallowed and I sucked him clean. Finally I let it go. Grabbing a towel I cleaned him up before he got dressed and left. Again, no tip.

I couldn't wait to get home to Jessica that night and fuck her silly. Which I did.

Just cause I sucked a guys dick doesn't mean I'm gay, right? After all I still love to fuck my girlfriend every chance I get.