 This is a fictional story about a young adult who joins a Master's Swim team full of older men. 

******

THE SWIM TEAM, PART VIII - FATHER AND SON

Dennis raced up the hill on his bike. He risked a glance down at his watch. 6:10. Shit, he thought. His parents were going to kill him. They had given him one thing to do for the day: be home in time for dinner. He hadn't even managed that.

He sprinted the last leg of the ride into the neighborhood and casually stepped over the bike once he hit the driveway. Coasting the last few yards on one peddle, he stepped off and dropped the bike in the yard. His phone buzzed. He looked at it real quick. It was from Geoff: "Hey Dennis, this is Geoff. The guys are all heading out Saturday for some fun on my boat. Why don't you and that sweet hole of yours tag along. I'm dying for another taste." Dennis laughed and pushed his way into the house.

His family was already seated at the dinner table when he entered. There was an obvious void where Dennis sat, as if a black hole had formed right there in the kitchen. At least, that's what his mother made it feel like when he was late. She refused to let anyone eat until they were all seated. That's how it always had been. "You're late," was all she said.

"Sorry," Dennis replied. "I . . ." he trailed off. He couldn't exactly tell her he was late because a man old enough to be his father was sucking him in the sauna, while his former swim coach rammed his hard dick in his ass. So he said the first thing that came to mind. "Work ran late."

Mary looked at her son suspiciously. "I know the pool closes at five. There's no reason you couldn't be here by six." She gave him a concerned look. "Your sister is only in town for a few days. The least you can do is make an effort to spend some quality time with her."

"Mary," Bill said, stopping his wife. "He's here now. Can we just eat?"

What's this? Dennis thought. He thought for sure both his parents would be on him about being late. It seemed, however, his dad was coming to his aid for once. Maybe what he said the other night about covering for him was actually true. Maybe his dad would prove to keep his secret and then some. Then Dennis had another thought. What was running through his dad's brain right now? Was he imagining John fucking his only son while looking his wife right in the eyes? Dennis gave his father an enlightened look and a slight smile. Bill gave him a subtle wink before starting to cut his steak.

"How was your first day at work?" Bill asked. 

"It was great," Dennis said, a smile on his face. He immediately thought back to the practice, where he got to see all his hot teammates in their speedos; then the dads who he had watched on his shift, playing with their children; and finally, to the hot, sweaty sex he had had in the sauna with John and Hal. "Real great," he said again.

"Good. And how was your day at the pool, sweetheart?" he asked Maddie.

It was Maddie's turn to smile as she thought about Hal shoving his seven inch dick inside her moist pussy. She hadn't been fucked like that all year. The boys at her school just didn't have the same touch, and her professors had been all women this past semester, so Maddie had been aching for some shaft for some time. "Great," she said. "Yeah . . ." 

Both kids sat there, lost in their own daydreams. Each still had Hal's load swimming around inside them. Of course, Bill suspected what Dennis had been up to, and he too wished he could have some, but he had no idea Maddie had gotten some, as well. Still, he noticed the matching expressions on his children's faces and gave a slight chuckle. Must've been a good day for all.

"Do you work this weekend?" Mary asked her son.

"No," Dennis replied. "Actually, I was asked by one of the guys on the team if I wanted to go out on his boat on Saturday. The whole team is going. Is that okay?"

"Sure," Bill said, almost too quickly. "I actually was invited, as well."

Mary gave her husband a confused look. She couldn't believe he was invited to do something social . . . especially without her. Her eyes begged for Bill to elaborate.

Bill finished chewing his potato and started. "Mary, you remember John from the theater? The one who sat next to us?"

"Of course," she said, drinking her tea. "You two used to be so friendly."

With this comment, Dennis's eyes darted toward his dad. 

"How is his wife?" his mom continued.

"She passed a few years back."

"Oh, that's too bad," Mary said. "See? If we still went to the theater, I would know these things."

"Yeah," Bill added, brushing her off. "Anyway, John is one of Dennis's teammates."

"You don't say?" Mary said, turning to Dennis. Dennis confirmed with a nod.

"Well, I bumped into him the other day and he invited me along."

Yeah, Dennis thought. Bumped, grinded, sucked, and everything else. Then, realizing what his dad joining would mean, he deflated a little. The whole excursion wouldn't be as fun if his dad was there. That would mean no sex. 

"That's nice," Mary continued. "But it's too bad. That's Maddie's last day in town. I think it would be best if we had some family time."

Maddie gave Dennis a look of smug satisfaction. The thought of keeping him away from hanging out with a piece of meat like John-someone she obviously wanted to fuck and was jealous of her brother getting to spend time with-was a matter of pure delight. It was almost better than fucking John herself; then again . . . no it wasn't. 

"What if I dropped her off at the airport Sunday morning? We'll go out for a nice breakfast before she leaves," he said, looking to Maddie for assurance. "That'll be nice, won't it?" 

Mary conceded. "There's an idea. How about that, Maddie?"

Maddie grimaced at Dennis. "Fine," she muttered, and Dennis could do nothing but smile back. Of course, Maddie had no clue what was in store for him on that boat. If she did, she never would've agreed to her father's offer.

After dinner, once all the dishes were cleaned and the food was put away, Dennis retired to his bedroom for the evening. As he was changing for bed, he heard a knock on the door. It was his dad. Bill saw his son in his briefs and turned away.

"Relax, dad," Dennis said. 

"I don't think I'll ever be able to unsee what I saw," Bill told him. 

"So don't try. It's a dick. I got it from you anyway."

"You're a little longer, but I think I'm thick-" He stopped what he was saying. "No, this is wrong on so many levels. I'm not talking about this with you." 

Dennis laughed. "So what did you want?"

Bill took a second to recover from where that conversation was just heading. "I was just wondering if you're cool if I crash the party on Saturday?"

Not really, Dennis thought.

"I'm sure it would be more fun without me," Bill continued.

That's for sure, he thought.

"I can tell John no, if it'd make you feel better." 

Dennis stopped his sarcastic thinking and got serious. It would be more fun without his dad. What would happen if he were there? Would that mean no sex? How would the others feel about that? Then again, he had already seen John fucking him, so what would the difference be if he saw a few more guys take a turn? And maybe his dad would want to see the other guys, as weird as that sounded.

"Was John the only one?" he asked.

"Ever?" Bill responded. "Yeah."

Dennis decided his dad needed this party more than he did. He knew his dad missed his time with John immensely, and as much as he wanted that time for himself, he could see his dad could use it more. He could get fucked any day of the week, but his dad was always under the hawk-like watch of his mother. This was the best opportunity he'd have for a while. 

"I guess you can go," Dennis said.

Bill's face lit up. "Really?"

"Why not? Just wait till you meet Geoff. You're going to love him."

"So I'm told."

The rest of the week dragged on, but Saturday rolled along eventually. Dennis woke early and packed his best suit-a teal Sauvage brief with white racing stripes on the hips-something he hoped he wouldn't have to wear for too long. He made his way down to breakfast and found his dad and sister already sitting there. 

"All packed?" Bill asked his son.

"Yes. You?" Dennis replied.

Bill reached into the chair next to him and lifted his pair of trunks from the seat. "Good to go. John should be here in about ten minutes. Why don't you go to the garage and get the drinks I bought."

Dennis left his bag with his dad and did as he was told. He found a bottle of Jefferson's Ocean bourbon and a twenty-four variety pack of Mike's Hard Lemonades. Bill knew his son wasn't too fond of the hard liquor, so he had picked up some sugary stuff for Dennis. Dennis took the drinks out of the fridge and packed them into the cooler along with some ice from the freezer. He opened the garage door and carried the cooler out to the driveway just as John pulled up. 

Getting out of the car, John hollered, "Good morning, kid." He gave a quick look up at the house and, seeing no peering eyes, he leaned in and gave Dennis a peck on the lips.

"You invited my dad?" Dennis asked, giving John a raised eyebrow.

"I thought it would be fun," John replied.

"Maybe for you. You just want to get fucked again."

"And what's wrong with that?" John asked. "It'll all be fine," he assured Dennis. "Where is the old man anyway?"

"He's inside finishing breakfast."

"Well, you can put the cooler in the backseat. You don't mind if your dad sits up front, do you? The back gets a little cramped for guys like us," he said, patting his belly. 

"Not at all, but you had better save some fun for me today. Don't just give it all to him."

John laughed. "You'll get plenty today, I assure you of that."

As they finished stuffing the cooler into the backseat, Bill opened the front door and stepped out onto the porch carrying the bag. Maddie followed behind him, hoping for a good look at John before they left. Unfortunately for her, John wasn't in his speedo this time, so her view was considerably less than last time. 

John and Bill shook hands, putting on a nice show for Maddie, and then they all climbed into the car. As the car pulled out of the driveway, Dennis watched as Maddie stared longingly after them. He couldn't resist the urge to put his hands to his ears and stick his tongue out at her as they drove away. 

It was about a thirty minute drive out to the harbor. The other guys were already there when they pulled up. Dennis stepped out of the car and looked at the medium-sized houseboat. It was about fifty feet in length and a smoothly polished white. There was a railing that ran along the lower deck, with some seating on the second level, and a covered section at the very top. Across the back, Dennis saw the name Geoff had given to it. It read: Happy Hookers. He looked up and saw Geoff standing on the second deck, fiddling with some ropes. He wore a light blue t-shirt and a dark blue speedo. The shirt had the emblem of his boat on it that repeated the name and gave a slogan: "Guaranteed to catch something!" Geoff saw them by the car and gave them a wave. "Just a second," he called down to them, before turning and sliding down the railing. He made his way off the boat and up the ramp. He stopped dead when he saw Bill.

"What is he doing here?" Geoff asked, giving Bill a dirty look. "After what he did-"

John cut him off. "Geoff, I'd like you to meet Dennis' dad." 

Geoff's face went blank. "Oh," he said. "Well, that's an interesting turn of events." 

"Yeah," John replied. "Bit of a shock for all of us, wasn't it?" he asked Bill and Dennis. They both nodded in agreement.

"Well, I suppose there's always room for one more. Dennis, could you help me with these ties?" he asked, and turned to show Dennis the ropes.

Dennis followed after, leaving John and Bill to get the cooler. They made their way back up to the second level, where Geoff got down on his hands and knees and started fiddling with the ropes again. Dennis looked up and saw Bob, Chuck, and Jim up on the top deck. He waved at them.

Geoff looked up to Dennis. "So, your dad. How did that happen?"

"He kind of walked in on John and I in the locker room the other day."

"How much did he see?"

"Pretty much everything there was to see," Dennis said as he stared at the nice bulge dangling between Geoff's legs; the spandex pulled tight across his ass and cupped his balls perfectly. Dennis was tempted to reach for it, but there would be time for that later.

"Nice," Geoff said with a grin. "So will he be joining in today?"

"Not sure," Dennis replied. 

"Wouldn't that be a little weird for you?" 

"He's already seen it. What more could it hurt? Plus, I think he'll like you quite a bit."

"You know I wouldn't say no to that," Geoff said, taking a peek in Bill's direction. He finished with the rope and stood back up. "I think we're good to go. I'm gonna head down and get us started. Could you unwrap the ties from the dock and push us off?"

"Sure thing," Dennis said, and the two made their way back to the lower deck. Dennis undid the rope at the back and then made his way to the front. He looked in the window of the cabin as he passed and saw John and his dad inside. John was standing there naked, changing into his suit. Bill sat on the bed and watched intently, his shirt unbuttoned as he had begun to change, as well. Dennis quickly untied the next rope and gave a push. The boat began to drift away and, as it did, Dennis heard the engines roar to life as Geoff began to steer the boat out to sea. 

Dennis decided that now was as good a time as any to get changed into his own suit, so he pushed through the door and into the cabin. Inside, John was standing there in his neon green speedo-one of Dennis' favorites-and adjusting the goods to make sure everything fit right. In the corner stood Bill. He was wearing a pair of red trunks that went down to his knees and were not very flattering at all. His shirt was fully off now and Dennis took in the full image of his dad for the first time in years. Bill had put on more weight-there was no doubt about that-and his once dark, hairy chest had grown even hairier, but the forest had turned silver. Dennis' eyes locked in on that wonderful, perfectly round belly and for a moment he forgot he was looking at his own dad. There was no doubt where his taste in men came from and just the thought of getting to look at that all day aroused him. He had spent so much time thinking about this trip and how it would be good for his dad, he hadn't even once thought about what it would mean for himself. He might actually get to see his bear of a dad having sex with his hot, older boyfriend. Man friend? What John was to him was yet to be decided, but the thought of watching all of the older men on the boat going to town was a good one nonetheless. 

John finished tying the strings on the speedo and looked up, taking notice of Bill's attire for the first time. "What is that?" he asked.

Bill looked over at him. "What is what?" 

"What are you wearing?" 

"My bathing suit," Bill said matter-of-factly. "I've had these trunks since our honeymoon."

"When was that?" John asked. "A century ago?" 

Bill looked over at Dennis, who kind of nodded in agreement with John.

Bill shook his head. "Well, it's the only thing I've got, so it'll have to do."

John bent over and reached in his bag. He pulled out a red triangle-patterned brief that Dennis had not seen before and tossed it in Bill's direction.

Bill took one look and said, "I'm not wearing this." 

"Fine," John replied. "Go naked."

Bill looked flustered. "I can't wear something like this. I just can't."

"Why? We'll all be wearing them. It's not like there's anyone out here to judge you."

Dennis agreed with John as he made his way over to the bag and pulled out his blue Sauvage speedo. He dropped his pants right there, which Bill watched just long enough to catch himself watching, at which point he promptly turned away. With his speedo on, he went back over and stood near John. "You're gonna look weirder if you don't wear it," Dennis said. 

A pained expression split Bill's face. This was not what he expected. How could he go prancing about in such little clothing? What would Mary think if she saw him in it? And that was what did it. He realized he didn't care what Mary thought about it. For once, he was in control of his own fun. It terrified him to find himself in a situation with a bunch of half-naked, older men that would most likely lead to a day full of cheating on his wife having hot, gay sex; but, at the same time, it was one of the most tantalizing situations he had ever found himself in. If that meant he'd have to put on the tiny swimsuit, so be it. 

With a sigh, he looked at the two across the room and said, "Fine." But then he paused.

"What's the matter now?" John asked.

Bill looked at Dennis. "Could you give me a little privacy?"

Dennis laughed. "Absolutely not. You've seen me. Now it's my turn."

Bill groaned and dropped his trunks. Dennis stared at his dad as he stood there in all his glory. His 3.5 inch dick, ashamed from the presence of his son, had someone managed to shrivel down to almost 2 inches; but, as Dennis could see, those were 2 inches of one of the most fascinating cocks he had ever seen. It was gorgeous, hiding in his dad's thick, silvery bush beneath that spectacular hanging belly. The head looked smooth and soft, as if it had never received a proper beating. He could only imagine what it looked like erect. And as he did so, he began growing himself, filling out his tight briefs to the max. Bill noticed his son's problem and was immediately embarrassed further. He yanked on the speedo and pulled it up as tight as he could, not realizing that pulling it up higher didn't cover him more but instead just made his bits more noticeable. 

John stepped in between the two of them, clearly enjoying the awkwardness of the situation. "My, my, today is going to be fun, isn't it boys?"

Feeling exposed, all Bill said in reply was, "Let's just get this over with." He moved past Dennis and John and pushed his way out onto the deck. 

They stepped out onto the deck just as Geoff came out from the controls. His eyes went wide as he took in the two stocky men and the skimpy boy. "It looks like I'm overdressed," he said, removing his visor so he could pull his shirt over his head. He tossed it in the cabin. "That's better," he added, eying up Bill. There was nothing he wanted more for the day than to conquer Bill's hole with his tongue, finger, cock, and whatever else he could squeeze in there. Bill caught Geoff's gaze and quickly turned away. The stares were too much for his insecurity.

The four guys climbed back up to the upper deck, where Chuck, Bob, and Jim were still sitting at the table. Bob reached into a cooler as they approached and offered them each a drink. Dennis and Geoff graciously accepted, but Bill declined. This was too uncomfortable for him. John took two and extended one out to Bill, adding a hushed comment under his breath. "Drink it. This will go a lot smoother if you do."

"I'm going to need something a lot stronger than that," Bill replied.

"That can be arranged." 

John reached down and grabbed the bottle of whiskey, but before he had the chance to take a swig, Geoff reappeared at Bill's side with a bottle of sunscreen. "Do you mind?" Geoff asked, squirting some in his hand. "Wouldn't want you to get burned. It doesn't look like that belly of yours has seen the sun much this decade." 

Bill started once more to decline but, as he watched the white cream ooze out of the bottle, he felt that stirring feeling in his crotch of his hormones pumping into gear. It was the same feeling he had the other night at John's-a feeling he wasn't accustomed to feeling much anymore. "I, I-" he stuttered. But then, John unscrewed the bottle of whiskey and forced it into Bill's hands. Bill looked around and John gave him a nod. He took a big swig, and said, "Fuck it." 
