 I've had a bad back for as long as I can remember. Too much running, golfing and snowboarding led to my lower back being constantly sore. With my new job, I got great insurance that covered going to a chiropractor and massage therapist. I got 12 free massages per year, and after a few months of waiting finally decided to book one at a place close to work. I drove over Friday evening and signed in at the front desk. I was hoping for a hot, young woman masseuse, so I was disappointed when a tall, young blond guy came out and called my name. I thought about making some excuse and canceling, but I was already there, and I did need the massage, so I decided to go through with it. He introduced himself as Steve, we shook hands, and I followed him back into the massage room. 

"Just undress as far as you feel comfortable, and I'll be back in a couple minutes," he said, as he stepped back out the door. I debated whether or not to leave my underwear on, given that it was a guy giving me a massage, but I finally decided to take them off, and I laid face down on the massage table and pulled the warm sheets over myself and waited. I was nervous and very tense, which was stupid given that I was here to relax and try to get the knots worked out of my body. I was also a little worried that I would relax too much, and embarrass myself by getting a hard on during the massage. 

Steve finally came back in, and relaxed me by asking me a bunch of

questions about where I was sore, and what might be causing my back pain. He made a few notes on a chart, and started by pulling the sheet back and rubbing some oil onto my back. There was mellow, new age music playing, and the room was dark, and it was hard not to relax. He started working on my upper back and shoulders, and even though it was a guy, it felt great because his hands were so much stronger than the female masseuses I'd gone to in the past. 

As he slowly worked his way down my back, and our idle chatter died out. The combination of the darkness of the room and the music finally got to me, and I 

dozed off for a few minutes. When I woke up, Steve was firmly massaging my lower back, all the way down to my ass, and it felt incredibly good. As I woke up a little more, and he pushed lower and lower down my back into my ass cheeks, what I

had feared most started to happen. My cock began to get hard, and no matter what I tried to think about, it wouldn't go away. Every time Steve pushed his fingers deep into the cheeks of my ass, my cock would pulse and twitch, and I couldn't seem to stop it. When he pushed his hands from my lower thighs up through my ass, my cheeks would open slightly and it was making me harder. Nothing I could think of would make my hard on go away, and now I was scared shitless that he was going to finish with my back and legs and ask me to turn over, and it would be obvious to him that my cock was hard.

As Steve worked his way down my legs to my feet, my hard on went down a little, but not completely. After he finished with my feet, he asked me to turn over. I didn't know what to do, or whether I should say something to him. I was too embarrassed, so I said, "Screw it" and simply flipped over, careful not to make eye contact with him. The pro he was, he simply ignored my cock and started in rubbing my calves. As he moved up my legs to my upper thighs, he was careful to work around my cock, but the side of his hand would occasionally barely brush against my cock, and the slight touching was keeping it rock hard. 

He moved his hands completely off my body, and I could hear him putting more oil into his hands, and he finally moved his hands back to my stomach, moving closer to my cock with each stroke. He quickly rubbed his palm from the head of my cock down to my balls and back again. 

"Let me know if the pressure is too hard," he said, very matter of fact, as if he was rubbing my back and not my cock.

"Uh, the pressure if fine," I mumbled back.

"Good," he said.

Having given him the ok, he put even more oil into his hands and started stroking my cock with both hands. He lifted my cock off my stomach and pumped it slowly, and moved his other hand down to my balls and pulled them gently away from my body. I thought of stopping him, but it felt too good, and so I just gave in to his hands. My cock was pulsing and straining. I began lifting my body off the table to try to put more pressure on my cock, and he responded by pulling harder, and circling around the head of my cock on every up stroke. He moved the hand that was pulling on my balls down lower, and started teasing my asshole, circling it with two fingers and pushing gently them into me. I moved my hand up and started pulling on my own nipples, intensifying the feelings. I was sliding up and down the table now, moaning out loud, pushing my body into his hands, when one of his fingers finally pushed all the way into my ass. I only rode up and down on it for a few seconds before my balls tightened up and the first long squirt of come shot out of my cock onto his hand and my stomach. Steve responded by stroking my cock slower and harder, and I squeezed and released the finger into my ass over and over. I squirted hard four or five times before the come finally stopped flowing. Steve stopped stroking, and brought a couple hot towels over and cleaned the oil and come off my body.

"Our hour is up, thanks," he said. "I hope your body is feeling better now."

"Take your time getting dressed and I'll meet you up front."

It took me a few minutes to recover, but I finally got dressed and awkwardly went up to the front desk. 

"How does your back feel?" he asked. 

"Great, I think the massage really helped," I said. I was now feeling strange, and just wanted to get out of the office as quickly as possible.

"You should come in at least once a week for the first two months," he said.

"I have next Friday at 5:30 open, if you want it." 

"Sure," I mumbled. 

"OK, thanks, and I'll see you next Friday then," he said, before disappearing into the back room. I walked out to my car and drove home, still in semi-shock from what had just happened. I enjoyed it, but it was weird, and I was fairly sure that I was going to cancel the appointment sometime during the next week. 

Every day at work the following week I would think about canceling the appointment with Steve, but I never did. The massage felt too good. At night I was replaying it again and again in my head, and stroking my cock while I thought about how good his hands felt on my cock and in my ass. I came hard every night just thinking about it. By Friday, I had forgotten all about canceling the appointment, and was actually looking forward to it. I even left work early so I wouldn't be late, and arrived a good 15 minutes early. Steve came out and said hi and led me back to the massage room. I undressed and got on the table, and Steve came back in. He asked me how my body felt after the last massage, and I told him my back was feeling much better. He asked if there were any other areas I would like focused on, and I got a little embarrassed and just said that last week's massage was fine. 

Steve began the massage again by rubbing hot oil on my back. This time, I had no fear of getting hard and having to hide it from him. The second his hands hit my back, I got hard in anticipation of what was to come. He spend less time on my neck and shoulders and moved right down to my lower back. It felt great, and I pushed my ass up off the table to meet his hands on every stroke. He put a hand on each cheek and started kneading and massaging my ass, pulling the cheeks apart and pushing them back together. Pulling my cheeks wide apart, he leaned down and ran his tongue up and down the crack of ass, stopping to circle it around my asshole. I pushed my ass back into his face, forcing his tongue deeper into my ass. He asked me to turn over, and immediately bent over the table and took my cock into his mouth. I looked up to watch him run his tongue over the entire length of my cock, and then going lower, to lick and suck on my balls. His hands were busy squeezing my balls and pushing into my ass while my cock disappeared into his mouth. When his finger started moving in and out of my ass in perfect rhythm to my cock in his mouth, I told him I was going to come. 

He never moved his mouth off my cock, and I squirted hard into mouth while he continued to finger my ass. After my cock stopped spasming, Steve pulled away, grabbed a couple towels, and cleaned up me again. 

"How was that?" he asked.

"That was great," I answered. I was almost out of breath.

"Thanks. How's the back now?" he asked.

"I think it's good. I forgot all about it."

"That's a good sign then."

"Yep."

Our conversation was halting and awkward. 

"How much time do we have left?" I asked.

"We have about 20 minutes of your hour left," he said.

I got up off the table. 

"Let me return the favor. Why don't you lay down on the massage table," I said.

He hesitated a little, probably worried about a coworker would catching us.

"Ok," he finally said, and he quickly took off his clothes."

"Which way?' he asked.

"Face up."

He lay down and put his hands behind his head and closed his eyes. His cock was already hard, pointing up way past his belly button. It was long and thick, with a big head. I couldn't help but notice that he had almost no pubic hair, just a small blond patch. I quickly found the massage oil dispenser, and filled my hands with it, rubbing them together to get them warm. I gripped his cock and balls and started pumping. His body tensed and he let out a loud groan. I lifted his cock straight up in the air as I stroked it, pulling his and squeezing his balls. It felt huge and incredibly hot in my hands. He arched his back off the table as I stroked him. I let my hand move below his balls toward his asshole, and circled my finger around it. 

"You like that?" I asked.

"Oh ya. Keep going, don't stop," he moaned.

As I started to push my finger into his ass, his balls tightened and his cock erupted. I leaned forward and aimed the head of his cock at my open mouth. Long, sticky ropes of come squirted onto my tongue and into my mouth. I kept pumping him until the squirts stopped, and his body finally relaxed.

"Shit, that was great," he said breathlessly. "I'd been waiting for that since last week," he said.

"No problem. I better get dressed and get out of here," I said. 

He got up, dressed quickly and left me to do the same.

I walked casually out to the waiting room and he made me an appointment for the same time next week. 

That Saturday I went into work for a few hours and then ran a few errands. At about 4, I couldn't help myself and called the massage office and asked for Steve.

I told him my back was acting up again, and could I get in to see him today. He said he would make room for me after his last massage ended at six. After killing some time, I drove over. The place was pretty much empty, and I took a seat in the waiting room. A middle-aged woman walked out from the massage, grabbed her coat and left. Steve came out a couple minutes later and told me he would be right with me. 

Ten long minutes later he came out and said he was ready. He walked by me and locked the front door and turned off the lights in the waiting area. 

"You're the last person here today," he said.

"Well, I appreciate you seeing me today, this late," I answered. 

"No problem."

We walked into one of the massage rooms, and this time he stayed while I got undressed, and he kept the door wide open.

"Everyone has gone home for the weekend," he said.

"It does seem kind of quiet in here," I answered.

I took all my clothes off and laid down on the table. The room was nice and warm and dark, and the usual mellow music was on.

"So, the back is tight again?" he said.

"Yep, I lied. "My lower back is killing me."

He immediately started in rubbing oil onto my lower back. 

"Here?" he said.

"A little lower," I replied.

When he moved his hands down to my ass, I said, " Yea, right there. God that feels good." He stroked and pulled my cheeks for what seemed like forever, before putting more oil into his hands and massaging it into the crack of my ass. It felt great, and I pushed my ass off the bed to meet his hands. He easily slipped one finger into my ass, and then two, and I groaned at the feeling. I reach down and squeezed my own cock when he did it. He kept sliding his finger in and out of my ass and rubbing my cheeks.  

"Turn over," he said.

When I got onto my back, he grabbed my legs and pulled me to the very end of the table, with my butt almost hanging over the edge. I reached down and started stroking his cock. 

"Use this," he said, filling my hands with massage oil. 

I now used both hands to work the oil into his cock. He stared at his cock

while I stroked him, and worked two fingers slowly in and out of my ass.

"Ready?" he said.

"Yes."

I put my legs back a bit and guided the head of his cock to my asshole. He leaned forward and I felt the big head of his cock push against my ass. I slid forward, and after a couple slow thrusts, the head of his cock pushed into me. I started rubbing and pulling on my own nipples. Standing on the ground in front of me, he rocked back and forth to get more of his big cock inside of me. He gripped the cheeks of my ass with his hands and finally slid all the way in. 

I pulled one hand off my nipples and started stroking my cock. Steve slowly worked his big cock in and out of my ass. I reached down and grabbed his ass with one hand and pulled him deeper into me. We got into a slow rhythm, his cock going in until his balls were resting on my ass, and pulling out almost until the head of his cock popped out of my ass. His cock felt huge in my ass. 

"Oh fuck, that feels good," I said.

He put both hands under my ass and pulled me all the way onto his cock. His balls were slapping into my ass on every down stroke. When he reached down to stroke my cock, I couldn't hold out any longer. I pushed my ass back to get as much of him inside me as I could, and let out a loud groan as the come spilled out of cock onto my chest and stomach. Steve kept stroking me while he increased his pace. I felt his cock tense up, and as I reached down to squeeze his balls, he started to come. His cock spasmed inside my ass, and I could feel his come shoot into me. I almost came again from the feeling of his come filling me up. When he finally stopped squirting, he slowly pulled his cock out of me. 

"Follow me," he said. "There is a change room with a shower in the back."

We walked naked down a long hallway into an employee change room.

There was one very large shower stall and Steve turned the water and took a quick shower while I waited. We got into the shower together and soaped each other down, trying to get all the oil off our bodies. I quickly got hot again and started slowly pumping Steve's cock and squeezing his big balls. He leaned up against the shower wall, and I kept pumping his cock until he got hard again.

"I want to ride it," I said, pushing him down onto the floor of the shower.

I took his cock in my hand, guided it to my ass, and sat down until he was all the way inside me again. I sat facing away from him, and he reached out and grabbed my ass. The hot water from the showerhead splashed down on us and the change room began to steam up. I started riding up and down on his cock, reaching back and playing with his balls with one hand and pulling on my cock with the other. He kept kneading my ass cheeks while I rode him, and I could see him staring at his cock disappearing over and over again into my ass. 

"Oh god," I said, feeling that Steve's cock was about to make me come again.

"Come inside me," I told him. 

Steve couldn't hold out anymore, and grabbed my ass hard and held me down on his cock while he squirted over and over into my ass. I stroked myself a couple more times before I came too, squeezing down hard on Steve's cock while I did.

I rode his cock a couple more times before finally lifting off of him and standing under the stream of water. We both showered again and got dressed without much talking. We left the office and Steve locked the door behind us. Walking out to the parking lot, he said, "See you next Friday then?"

"I'll be there," I answered. 

We both got in out cars and drove off.

I went into the office about noon on Sunday to prepare for a Monday morning meeting with some clients. While putting together a presentation, the office phone range. Thinking it was my girlfriend, I picked it up quickly, obviously surprising the person on the other end of the line. 

"Uh, is Dave there?" the voice asked.

"Speaking."

"Hey, this is Steve." 

"Oh, hey Steve. What's up?" I said casually.

"Sorry if I sounded startled, I didn't think you were going to be at work on a Sunday and was expecting your voicemail," he said apologetically.

"No problem. I just popped in for a couple hours to finish something for Monday morning. Did you have an unexpected cancellation or something?" I asked.

"Yea, I do. Tuesday at 6, if you are available."

"Shit, I'd love to, but I'm going out of town Tuesday afternoon."

"Too bad. Well, I guess I'll see you on Friday then," he said, sounding disappointed.

"Well, if your interested, I'll be done here in about an hour. If you want, you can come over and we can hang out on my deck and get some sun and drink some beers."

"Yea, that sounds great," he said.

I gave him directions and said I'd see him at about three.

He knocked on the door right at three, and I let him in. It was a hot afternoon, and my backyard was bathed in sunlight. I showed him around my house

and offered him a beer. I put some tunes on the cd player and we went out to the deck. My backyard is surrounded by a high fence, with a wood trellis covered in ivy on top, making the backyard totally secluded. We drank our beers and shot the shit a little bit. I asked him if he had hooked up any of his other clients, and he said only one other time, with a 40 year old women who had basically offered him so much money, and was so hot, he couldn't turn it down.

"This backyard is nice," he said, looking around. "You ever fool around back here?"

"Oh yea, my girlfriend and I do it a lot in the summer. Nobody can see in at all. Just have to keep it down a little, so the neighbors don't get wise to it."

"Where is she now?" he asked.

"Vegas, with her college friends, until Monday night."

"Cool."

"You want another beer?"

"Sure."

"I went back inside and got a couple more beers, plus a couple big beach towels and some suntan lotion. I also grabbed my pipe and some weed.

"Here you go," I said, as I handed him the beer and a towel. 

"You get high?" I asked.

"Of course." I handed him the pipe, and he lit it and took a huge hit.

I took the pipe back, and took a big hit myself. The weed tasted great.

"I'm going to get some sun, if you don't mind," I said.

"I think I'll join you," he answered. 

"You're sure nobody can see in back here?" he said, looking around the backyard.

"Oh yea. If you could, I would know by know. With the body my girlfriend has, there would be lots of neighborhood kids lined up at the fence just waiting for a peek at her tits," I said, laughing.

I pulled off my tank top and shorts, and laid down naked on the lounge chair, and Steve did the same.

I put some lotion on my chest and legs, and handed Steve the bottle of Coppertone.

"Coppertone smells so good, he said. Reminds me of the beach every time."

"I hear ya. It definitely smells like the beach and summer."

He had a great body. Tanned, toned and smooth. 

"Think it would make a good lube?" I said.
