 This is a fictional story about a young adult who joins a Master's Swim team full of older men. 

*****

THE SWIM TEAM, PART I - THE POOL

It was summer. Classes at the university had ended only a week ago, and Dennis had finally made it back to his hometown. With no plans for work-he had failed to secure an internship in the city like his father had wanted-Dennis found himself with nothing to do but sit around and waste away the days. There was no better place to do this than the community pool.

Dennis had been on the swim team while growing up, and he still maintained the slender frame and upper body strength that a regular swim workout had afforded him. He was around 5'10" and was pretty smooth all over, save for a plush patch of pubes that he was rather proud of. Despite swimmers typically wanting no body hair for increased movement in the water, Dennis had always wished he was hairier than he was. Unfortunately, his wishes never came true, and he was left looking more like a pre-pubescent teen than the man he felt he was becoming. This is likely why he found hairier, "manly" men to his liking. 

While his classmates at university were interested in taking all late classes so they could stay up late and party, and then sleep half the day away, Dennis had never shaken his strong work ethic that had come with being a regular swimmer. He still woke up every morning at 5:00 am so that he could get in a few laps before his classes at 8:00. This is why, at 6:45 on his first morning back in town, Dennis found himself coasting down the hill on his bicycle, rapidly approaching the pool in the community park. When he arrived, the gates were already open and the lanes were full, as swimmers raced back and forth along the length of the pool.

"Hi Dennis," the attendant said. She was a very attractive brunette that was about Dennis' age. Her name was Cindy, and she was a couple of years older than Dennis. "Back from school?"

"Hey Cind," Dennis replied. "Just got back yesterday. Was hoping to hit the pool before anyone else got here. Any lanes open?"

"They'll be done soon," Cindy said. "It's just the Master Swimming class. They usually swim from 6:00 to 7:00. In fact, I think they're wrapping up now."

Dennis looked out onto the pool deck and saw several swimmers abandoning their lanes. He watched as a few older men climbed the ladder and stepped onto the deck, dripping water from head to toe. His eyes went towards the first one, whose wet, hairy body had instantly caught his attention. The hair curved around the man's belly and pointed straight down to the sizable bulge in his revealing speedo. The man turned around on the deck and Dennis caught a glimpse of his chubby butt crack peeking out from his briefs. He pulled it up with both hands, tugging the fabric into his crack, outlining the entirety of his ass. The man then extended an arm and helped the next man, a much slimmer and smoother guy, up the ladder. The second man had less padding than the first, but he still was somewhat soft in the middle. His baby blue speedo was almost transparent in its current state, showing Dennis the complete outline of what looked to be around four inches of meat. Seconds later, both men stepped around the corner and out of Dennis' view.

Dennis turned back to Cindy. "Well, looks like it's my turn. I'll catch you later, Cind."

"Have a nice swim," she said.

Dennis entered the locker room and could hear the showers running at the far side. A cloud of steam poured out of the wet area, telling him the men from the pool liked their showers hot. He found a locker in the corner and threw it open. From his bag he yanked out a bright red speedo and his goggles. He slipped out of his clothes, and stuffed everything in the locker. He grabbed a towel from the shelf next to the showers and noticed the row of dripping speedos dangling from the hooks. He swallowed, knowing he was about to get an eyeful. He gave his dick a quick slap, hoping the sting would keep it subdued for the few, short moments he'd be in the presence of the older men, and then proceeded into the steam.

There were more men in the shower than Dennis had seen on the deck. Maybe five, if he was seeing everyone. There were the two he had seen before. He could now see he was correct about the man's four-inch dick. It hung beautifully down between his legs, creating a flume for water to jet off of. The larger man was in the far corner facing the wall. Dennis watched as he soaped that plump ass of his, and felt his own tongue run the length of the back of his teeth as the man pulled apart his cheeks to clean. He didn't know why, but he had the sudden urge to bury his tongue in the man's ass. He had never done that before, and actually found it disgusting in many regards, but something about this man was driving him wild. Dennis looked away and took a head on the opposite wall next to one of the other men. This one also had a round gut and the hairiest crotch Dennis had ever seen. His three-inch dick was nearly invisible beneath the forest of hair. He glanced over at Dennis and the two made eye contact for a split second. Dennis liked the man's green eyes, and was really turned on by his salt-and-pepper beard. The awkwardness of making eye contact with a naked man in the shower got to Dennis, though, and he looked away as quickly as possible. He felt his dick slap wearing off, so he quickly slipped on his speedo, spun a few times to get things wet, and rushed out of the locker room.

The day was starting to get warm and the pool felt wonderful. He had missed swimming at this pool, and had missed even more the ability to glide through the water with the warm sun beating down on his exposed skin. It was the one place that Dennis felt he truly had found peace. A few laps in, he had forgotten all about the men in the locker room and was left with nothing but himself and the water ahead. This sharp focus was what had led Dennis to find success in his swimming endeavors. He was able to clear his mind completely and think of nothing more than the task at hand. It was exhilarating. 

An hour passed and he finally slapped his palm against the gutter for the last time. He stood up, breathing hard, and gazed around. The pool was beginning to attract the daily crowd. He hadn't even noticed as babysitters with their kids had wandered in, socializing with the other babysitters as the little tykes splashed happily in the kiddie pool; or the teenagers causing a ruckus as they played games in the deep end. Dennis lifted himself out of the pool and plopped down in the nearest lounge chair. He was wiping his face with his town when a voice said, "You're a pretty good swimmer." 

Dennis dropped the towel from his face and gazed up at the voice. It was the chubby man from earlier. There he stood, in all his glory, sporting a neon green swim brief. It was even hotter than the plain black one he had worn before. Dennis estimated he must be in his early sixties. He had a full head of silver hair, a caterpillar of a mustache to match, and everywhere from head to toe was decorated with a thick brush of body hair. The man's belly extended out past the speedo, but never dipped over it or turned into rolls. It was firm, not flabby, and it was perfect. Dennis subtly shifted his hands so that the towel was covering his crotch. 

"Thanks," Dennis replied. 

"I haven't seen you around here before," the man said, as he took a seat in the lounger next to Dennis. He was hunched forward, causing his belly to hang down over the thin strip of neon spandex.

Dennis turned slightly towards the man, not wanting to reveal himself any or seem give away his fascination with this man. "I've been away at school. But I did the swim team here when I was younger." 

"Oh," the man said, "so you know Hal Hughes?"

"Sure," Dennis said. "He taught me everything I know." 

"Well Hal teaches a master's swim class now. You'd be perfect for it."

"What's a master's swim class?" Dennis asked. 

"It's a class where adults can get together and swim for exercise. It's mainly for fun and health, but we do compete every now and then. You could be just what we need to beat the Serpents this year."

Dennis thought about this for a second. It sounded like it could be fun, and he was planning on being at the pool everyday anyway. Besides, what else did he have to do. On top of all that, it would mean getting to see this bear of a man in and out of a speedo on a daily basis. That was good enough reason for him. "Yeah, I might like that."

"Excellent," the man said. "Just be here and ready at 6:00 tomorrow morning, and we'll get you straightened out." 

"Sounds great," Dennis replied. 

"Oh, the name's John. John Davies."

"Dennis," Dennis replied. "Nice to meet you."

The man slid back into the lounger. "You don't mind if I stay here, do you?"

Dennis glanced at the man's belly. The glaze of sweat shimmered in the sunlight. "Not at all." He looked away from John and found Cindy. She had been rotated to main lifeguard and was perched high atop her guard chair. He shifted his hands slightly, checking on his penis problem.

"She ain't worth it, kid," he heard from beside him. Dennis turned back towards John and saw the man peering at his crotch. 

"What?" Dennis asked, pretending to play dumb. 

"The guard is Hal's girl. Doesn't matter how much you want it, she's only likes older guys. Much older."

"I . . . Um . . ." Dennis didn't know what to say. His boner wasn't for Cindy, but for John. Of course, John didn't know that. He was a little shocked about the fact that Cindy was fucking Mr. Hughes; but, then again, he would fuck Mr. Hughes if given the chance, so he guessed he shouldn't be that surprised. 

"It's ok, kid. We've all been there." 

Dennis looked over at John, who had rolled partially on his side. His legs smushed his cock and balls into a lovely rounded bulge that looked as if it wanted to burst out of the speedo. Dennis' cock twitched in excitement. He hoped John hadn't noticed. 

"I guess so," Dennis muttered. "I think I need to cool off." He stood up and headed towards the pool.

The water felt great, better than before even, and was exactly what Dennis needed to cool the blood that had set up permanent shop in his groin. He splashed around for a half hour, before realizing he was starting to get hungry. He hadn't eaten yet that day, as eating before his swim usually led to an upset stomach. It was late morning by now, and it would do him good to take a break from the sun and grab a bite. 

John wasn't at the seat when he went back for his towel. He glanced around the area, but didn't see that bright green speedo anywhere, so he assumed he had finally left for the day. Dennis walked the length of the pool and said a quick goodbye to Cindy. "Catch you later," she had replied. John had been right. She hadn't even cast a single glance at his body. He felt slightly disappointed that he couldn't turn her on if he wanted to, but the thought of Mr. Hughes slamming her pussy made him start to rise again. He hurried off to the locker room. 

The locker room was empty when he entered. Dennis stopped by his locker and grabbed his soap and shampoo, and then stopped outside the shower to hang his suit. It clung to his skin as he removed it, but he was able to tug it off and wring it out in no time. He entered the shower and took the same head as he had used before. It was both a relief and a major disappointment that he was alone this time. He missed the eye candy, but he also didn't have to worry about privacy for his hard on, which was about at half mast at this point. There was a creak in the distance, but Dennis took no notice of it. Instead, he lathered up his hair and stood, eyes closed under water, feeling its spray pour down over him. This is nice, he thought. 

Dennis didn't hear anyone come in, but it wasn't long before he felt a belly press into the small of his back as a hand reached around his body and grabbed his cock. "The funny thing about speedos is that they don't hide anything," John whispered in his ear. Dennis froze. He had thought he had been careful. He had thought he had given no indication that he was interested in John, or any man for that matter. By John's comments about Cindy, he had thought John thought he was interested in her. Dennis didn't know what to do. He had lusted after older men for years, but he had never acted on any of his desires. Now, the man of his dreams, had his naked body pressed against him in the shower. "Yes, I saw everything. Tell me, kid. Have you ever been with an older guy before?" 

Dennis turned around and shook his head. "I . . . I've never been with anyone before."

"Well now's your chance," John said. 

"But what if someone comes in?"

John smiled. "Kids these days don't use the locker room. They're all too afraid someone might see their little pecker and poke fun. You hungry or not, kid?"

Dennis hesitated. He was very hungry. And John was exactly what he wanted. Fuck it. "Absolutely."

"This is going to be fun," John said, as he dropped to his knees. He stared down Dennis' 6.5" cock and squinted as the water flowed down off Dennis and between the two of them. He opened his mouth and slurped at it, taking a long lick before his mouth filled with water. He spit the water out and angled his head down, putting him in a great position to take Dennis deep right from the start. Dennis fell back against the wall. It felt every bit as good as he had always imagined it would. His dick was tickling John's tonsils, but that didn't stop John from somehow rippling his tongue to massage every inch of Dennis' member. John pulled back, taking a big slurp, before diving back on. Dennis didn't know what made him do it, maybe it was seeing it in the porn magazines he had flipped through in the adult store, but he reached up and placed his hands on the back of John's head and started to bob it back and forth. This was magic. John's smooth tongue was far better than Dennis' left hand, and in a matter of minutes, Dennis was ready to shoot his load. 

Dennis moaned. "I'm gonna cum."

John took a few more strokes and then pulled Dennis' dick out his mouth just in time to catch his load all over his face. "Damn, I love a hot facial. Your turn, kid," he added, standing up.

Dennis was nervous. That had been so hot. He had never sucked a dick before, so he was hoping he could do half as good as John had just done. He slowly dropped to his knees and came face-to-face with John's dick for the first time. It was everything he hoped it would be. Slightly smaller than his own at only 6", but about twice as round. He didn't think he'd be able to open his mouth that wide, but he knew he was going to try. Dennis took John's balls in his hands and felt them, weighing them each and comparing them to his own. They were heavy, and John's sausage stood at full attention, bouncing up and down as Dennis played with his balls. It was now or never. Dennis opened wide and inched closer to John. He was just able to take the girth inside his mouth, but he couldn't fit it as deep as John had his. John raised his head into the water, letting the fountain wash the cum away. He moaned. Dennis assumed this meant he was doing something right. 

He aimed for the spot right beneath the head, the spot he knew always drove himself crazy when he jacked off. This was definitely working for John. Dennis let go of John's nuts and reached behind him, grabbing that ass that had called to him earlier in the day. It was firm, yet squishy enough that Dennis could really grab it. He squeezed it tightly and forced John's hard rod as deep into his throat as he could. He gagged, choking on it's girth. He tried to pull back, but John forced him to stay put. "C'mon kid," John moaned, "you can do it." Encouraged by this, Dennis tried harder. He licked and slurped and sucked until he could feel John's legs weaken at the knees. After five minutes, John jerked back and shot his thick, hot load all over Dennis' face. The load was larger than Dennis had ever seen, and he loved how it felt as it splattered across his face and immediately began running down his body. He tasted it as it passed his lips and found it similar to his own. 

John pulled Dennis back onto his feet and pinned him against the wall. He leaned in for a wet, juicy kiss. Both of their cum mixed together on their lips, as John forced his tongue deep into Dennis' mouth. As much fun as the sucking had been, Dennis found himself liking this the best. He couldn't think of anything hotter than have John's wet, hairy belly smushed against his as his tongue invaded his mouth. It was enough to make his boner spring back to life and poke John. "Someone's ready to go again," John said through a smile. 

"You bet I am," Dennis replied. "That was amazing." 

John stepped away. "You got spunk, kid. I think you'll fit right in on this team." He leaned in one last time and gave Dennis a light peck on the lips. "See you tomorrow at practice." With that, John turned to leave, leaving Dennis standing alone in the hot shower with a massive hard on. 

To be continued . . . 

***

Thanks for reading. If you liked this story and want to read more, contact me at my profile. I'd love feedback.