 It had to be something simple I thought to myself as my car struggled to make it into the next town. I could see steam from under the bonnet and hopefully it wouldn't do any further damage as it ground to a halt when the owner of the garage came over.

"Hello I'm Bob Pearce but you can call me Bob."

"Now what seems to be the trouble?"

"I don't know it only just started."

"Well let's take a look at it."

"Why don't you go over to the diner and ask for Pearl."

"Tell her Bob sent you and she will take care of you."

"Thanks," I replied as I made my way to the cafe. 

There were a number of people watching as I entered and approached the counter where I asked for Pearl. 

"I'll have a coffee thanks."

I could see what was happening at the garage as I sat down and she brought me my drink.

"Thank you," I replied.

"Don't worry honey." She told me.

"Bob is good and charges fair."

"Looks expensive," one of the customers laughed. 

I sipped my coffee and thought that they were all hillbillies as the time ticked by. I wanted to be away from this hick town and on my way home where Jennifer would be worried about me. I hoped that everything would be ok and that I really should going. I lost track of time until I heard the phone ring and Pearl had a discussion with the Bob Pearce the owner of the garage.

"Bob says your cars ready dear."

I thanked her and made my way back to the garage.

I was worried about the cost as I walked towards the service centre as I had little cash until I could get to a bank and this town didn't have one. Bob stood there smiling as he twirled the keys in his hand.

"Whats the damage?" I asked.

"$300," came his reply.

"$300," I snapped.

"Yes its $300.

"That's ridiculous," I commented.

"What did you do change the engine?"

"No it was a sensor in the cooling system."

"These fancy cars cost lots more."

"I don't believe it."

"Look mister."

"It needed a lot of work and it's a fair price.'

"I don't have that sort of money." 

"Well then I guess you don't get your car."

"Mr Pearce, I mean Bob."

"Isn't there some other way,"

"No" came his reply.

"Read the sign, its cash or nothing."

My mind raced as I needed the car bad and had to get home quick.

"I can send you the cash Bob honest."

"I'm afraid not."

"It's cash or nothing."

I was trapped and there appeared to be no way out when he again spoke up.

"Well maybe there is one way," he replied.

"Anything," I told him.

"Well you could suck my cock?"

I stood speechless as I looked into his eyes hoping that it was some sort of practical joke. I 'm sure he didn't say it, or did he I thought to myself.

"Excuse me?" I stammered.

"I said there may be some way."

"And you said anything."

"And I said you can suck my cock."

"You don't mean it," I laughed.

"Oh I do mean it," he smiled.

"You city people come up here all high and mighty."

"In your fancy cars with all your money."

"I bet you think we are all hicks here?"

"Now you need me and your gonna pay." 

It was no joke as his expression now told me that he meant every word. I needed that car and there was no other way out. I hesitated but he stood waiting for my answer. My eyes avoided his as I summoned the words.

"This is black mail."

"Call it what you like."

"You put my cock in your mouth and you can have your car."

I was trapped and he knew it. There wasn't too much time to think and there seemed to be no alternative. I couldn't I again thought as the images of me taking this strangers cock in my mouth flashed into my head. I could feel myself begin to feel sick at even the thought but what else could I do?

"Well?"

"Alright."

"I'll do what you want."

"Good," he smiled.

"Then follow me and we can conclude our business." 

Rick could hear and feel his heart beat loudly as he followed the mechanic through a small dark corridor which led to the back of the service station. The door opened to a small dimly lit room, which had a musty smell and very little furniture in it. There was a bed at the end, which had dirty bed coverings, and on the walls were pictures of women in all different poses. Some were naked whilst others were scantly dressed. Beer bottles lay about the floor along with cigarette buts and food wrappings. At the far end was a shower with a toilet and Rick figured that this room was where the proprietor and his workers came to either relax, or from the odour it was both a toilet and a room where they could have sex or masturbate. The owner closed the door and locked it behind him as he sat on the bed.

"Now why don't you relax," he told me.

"You can get out of those things and let's see what you have to offer," he smiled.

My hands were shaking as I fumbled with the buttons on my shirt as I tried to take as much time as I could. I should have never agreed to this I told myself as I pulled the shirt from his shoulders. Next came the buckle of my jeans, then I undid the button and lowered the zipper. I steadied myself and pulled one leg and as I placed them on the bed rail. I now stood before him dressed only in his boxers. The owner motioned his finger and I slide my thumb and forefingers into the waist band of my shorts and lowered them over my hips and thighs, then down my legs until they hit the floor where I stepped out of them. I now stood naked before him as the owner as he ran his eyes over my slim body.

"Oh yes very nice," he told Rick.

"You are one good looking boy."

"I never had me one as young as you," he smiled as he rubbed his cock through his overalls.

Bob stood and unclasped the buckles on each of the straps of his overalls letting them fall to the floor. He wore nothing underneath them and his cock now stood erect. It was about 8'' in length and almost 2'' thick. He stepped out of them and sat on the bed.

"Now boy," he smiled.

"I want you to come over here and put that sweet mouth of yours on my cock." 

It was as if Rick was remotely controlled as he moved closer to the owner. He soon found himself on his knees, positioned between the mans legs.

"Go on boy take it in your hand."

"Make it nice and hard," he smiled.

Rick reached out wrapping his fingers around the shaft where he began to stroke it. He could hear the sound of his foreskin, which squelched, as he pushed it up and down the length of the owners cock shaft. Precum oozed from the eye and slid over the head and down the shaft between the flesh of the mans cock and Ricks hand. The owner began to moan loudly as Rick continued to stimulate his shaft.

"Oh yeah baby that's it."

"Stroke daddy's cock real good."

"You know how to please me don't you boy?"

Rick nodded his head as he moved his face closer to the mans crutch, where his tongue darted out as he began to lick the thick round head of the mans cock. He had never been intimate with another guy, as the thought of being gay was the last thing on his mind. He and his girlfriend enjoyed a heterosexual relationship and there was no way that he would be with a male. He was doing this only because the owner had him over a barrel and that there was no other way he could pay his debt. He needed his car to get home and hopefully it would soon be over when he could put this out of his mind or so he thought.

The taste of sweat from his body, mixed with the precum, which had leaked onto it now, filled Rick's mouth. He could feel himself begin to gag as the odour reached his nostrils and he had to control his gag reflex so as not to make himself sick. He could feel the mans cock harden even further as his tongue rolled over the head, which in turn stimulated the cock even more.

"Come on now lick the shaft." he commanded.

Rick responded by letting his tongue slide down the length of his cock shaft, then running it back up the entire length. 

"Suck my balls," he hissed.

Rick again obliged as he took one between his lips, rolling it like a sweet all around his hot mouth. He took the second into his mouth where he again applied his saliva to it making it nice and wet. His tongue went back to the shaft as he opened his lips and mouth, letting the monster enter his oral cavity. He felt the owner grab his head and hold it tight as he thrust his hips, pushing his cock down Rick's throat. He gagged as it hit the back of his throat which in turn made the him push it even further down his opening. Rick battled to both breathe and stop himself from gagging as the owner enjoyed degrading him and he wanted to get what ever he could out of him.

"Oh yeah baby that feels so fucking good," he cooed.

"You sure know how to suck."

"You must have done this before," he laughed.

"Make it hard and wet so it will slide easy into you."

Rick panicked as he now realised that his ordeal was far from over. He pulled his mouth of the owners cock.

"You told me that sucking you would pay my debt?"

"Listen sissy boy," he snapped.

"One cock sucking doesn't aquatint to your bill.'

"I'm gonna get my $300 worth out of you and that includes me fucking that cute little tail of yours."

"NO."

"I won't do it," I told him.

He now stood and pulled his overalls up re attaching the clasps.

"Well then, I guess you don't want your car that bad," he smirked.

My mind raced and he was again in control, as he reached the door and grabbed the handle. I again had no out and would have to submit.

"Please. Please don't go," I whimpered.

"I'll do what ever you want."

That evil grin returned too his mouth as he made his way back to me at the same time removing his overalls.

"Now that's more like it."

"You try that again and you'll never get you car," he laughed.

"Now what do you have to say?'

I could feel myself start to choke up as I blurted out the words he wanted to hear.

"Please, I want your cock inside me."

"I can't hear you," came his reply.

"I want you to fuck me."

"Well I guess I could do that," he laughed.

"Now get up on the bed and get that cute little boy pussy ready for me."

I stumbled to the bed and climbed up on it, where I positioned myself on all fours. I felt him join me as he positioned himself behind and between my legs. Next I felt the coldness as he applied some grease to my anal opening and he slipped one, then a second finger inside me. I could feel my sphincter start to relax as well as the grease helped make their penetration of me easier. There was now a third finger joining the other two as I bit my lips so as not to cry out. He began to push and pull them in and out of me as he worked to get me ready for his cock to enter. I could feel my hole being stretched wide and I fought my reaction to get up and leave, as I needed my car. He would fuck me and then hopefully my debt would be paid. I now felt his cock head at my opening and he started to push it into my anal hole. It was starting to enter as it made its way with the help of the grease. I could hear him grunt as he pushed it deeper and deeper into me.

"Fuck you are one tight little cunt," he hissed.

"You never had cock in you before?"

I shock me head telling him that I was infact a virgin when it came to anal sex. 

There was a time that Jennifer and I had discussed it but we had never tried. She was not so happy about her receiving but was happy to try a strap on for me and now here I was with the real thing deep inside me. The owner now began to fuck me pushing and pulling his cock in and out of me. His balls soon slapped my buttocks as he was in a good rhythm, attacking my virgin arse with his hard cock. He grabbed a hand full of my hair pulling my head back.

"Come on boy work with me."

"Fuck my cock with that cute tight hole of yours."

I began to push back against his cock's advance both in and out of me. I was feeling myself becoming hard and my body now wanted to be fucked. He slipped his hand under me, where taking my cock in it began to stroke me long and hard.

My body tensed as he pulled on my cock and fucked my arse at the same time. I was being turned on and now wanted to be fucked, as I worked with him both pushing my buttocks back and rocking myself in his hand. Oh god it felt so good as his cock poked my prostate and my cock stiffened in his hand.

I wanted him and I wanted to cum inside me. I didn't care anymore as he could use me for his pleasure. His sweat dripped onto my back as he worked hard to get himself off. I gazed at the pictures on the wall and pictured myself as one of them being fucked by my new lover. I was panting and ready to shoot my load and ready for him to do the same.

"Yeah baby push that pussy back," he yelled.

"Work with me and we can both get off."

"You are one hot bitch, aint you?"

He was right. I was now his bitch and he was mating me. I could feel his rhythm intensify as he pumped me like the slut I had become. My cock was so fucking hard and I wanted to cum so bad. I was not prepared when with one last thrust he shot the first of his load into me.

"Oh fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk," he screamed as his cock pushed deep into my bowel.

He continued to pound my opening hard shooting more and more cum into me 

My own cock twitched and in an instant it too exploded shooting cum onto the pillow of the bed. It kept shooting and shooting as he shot every last drop he could express into me. I screamed with pleasure as I too started to complete my orgasm as the last of both our loads now came from each of our cocks until I slumped forward onto the bed with him still inside me. I felt his cock soften and I now lay exhausted as he removed his cock from my hole. It was now at my face as he told me to lick it off. I complied with his direction and he told me that my bill had been paid. As I got up my bottom ached, as did every muscle of my body. I showered and then headed for my car, vowing never to return but also knowing that one-day I might have to again need servicing from the mechanic.