 This is my first attempt at writing a story. I have been a fan of Literotica for years. Let me know if I should continue writing.

---------------------------------------

The morning light slowly crept across the rough wooden plank floor. When it hit my eyes I started to stir. I tried to get up but my eyes clouded. The door opened, and banged shut.

"Slowly." He said, as he assisted me.

"Where am I? Why am I here?" I replied.

"You're in my home. You hit your head in the accident." As he said this he started to remove his clothes. Already shirtless he unbuttoned his jeans, and started to lower them.

"Whoa, Buddy! I am not gay." I blurted.

"I'm jus' gonna take a bath" as he finished removing his jeans.

As my eyes cleared I started to realize what I was seeing. No underwear? The deep bronze of his muscular torso and arms was a stark contrast to the creamy white skin below his waist. 

"Sorry. What accident?" I inquired.

"Last night I heard a huge bang, followed by a car horn blaring." While he continued he turned to the wash basin next to me and cleaned his hands. His uncut penis hung past his balls, sparse blond hair (glowing in the sunlight) framed this masterpiece. "When I got there 'Doc' was helping you out of the car. He said he saw you go off the road and hit the tree. He checked you out and said you would be fine. Then you passed out, so we brought you here to rest."

His words were sinking in and starting to spark memories. During this time I was apparently staring at his masterpiece. He said "I thought you were not gay."

"Gay? No. Curious, maybe. But that (I pointed) is a masterpiece and deserves the attention. By the way my name is Ray."

"Bill… and feel free to look." He shook my hand at the introduction. "I am going outside to take a bath. Do you feel up to going outside?"

He helped me up and held me as we walked outside. Bill was about six inches shorter than my 6'3". He was slim every muscle was visible; I work out but could never be called slim. His blond hair looked even lighter as we stepped in to the light. As the warm sun hit my skin I noticed that I was also naked, half hard, and growing. I became embarrassed and apologized. He chuckled and smiled, and then I felt his erection against the outside of my thigh. 

We silently continued toward an old round bathing tub, and a chair. A creek that ran down the mountain, passed the house, and emptied in to a small pond. The tub was right next to the pond, filled and warming in the hot sun. I no longer needed Bill's support, but I enjoyed his embrace, so I allowed him to continue.

He sat me in the chair. As he did this his erection brushed mine. My interest in his masterpiece reignited. Now fully hard, it was at least 9 inches long and looked too thick to close my hand around. His bright pink foreskin remained covering the head, with just the purple tip poking out. My circumcised erection is 7 inches long and 2 inches wide.

"That is impressive, thicker than mine." Bill stated as he got in the tub.

He grabbed a sponge and started to soak every part of his body not already underwater. I watched as beads and streams of water rolled over his muscled form. Neither erection wavered.

"I have to piss." As Bill completed this statement he slid back his foreskin and let loose. The high arc of golden liquid shot out of the tub and landed near me. "Watch it! Or you will regret it." I said, smiling. A slight movement of his wrist caused his stream to soak me. The shear amount and force slowed my response. I stood; he could no longer hit my face. I took aim and let loose a stream at his face; he opened his mouth?!

This guy is a freak, but I am not losing my hard on, I'm a freak. As I moved closer he continued to catch my stream with his mouth. This is HOT! When I finished he reached up and took my dick in his mouth. "Ungh! That feels amazing!" Was all I could say.

Bill grabbed my ass and pulled me closer. I almost fell, but Bill swallowed my entire penis. Bill backed off so just the tip was in his mouth. His tongue licked my piss slit. He then traced his tongue around the entire tip, while locking eyes with me. 

Bill let go of my penis with a kiss to the tip and said "Want to bathe with me?"

"Yes, but you barely fit in there." I replied. He pointed to the pond and flashed me a dumb look. It was then that I really looked at the pond. The pond was almost perfectly round with a floating dock in the center. The dock had two benches and a diving board.

We walked into the cool, clear water until it was up just above my navel. Bill had a bar of soap and started to lather my chest. I was about to return the favor when he told me to turn around. I hesitated just a second and he kissed me. I opened my mouth to let his tongue probe my mouth. As the sensations enveloped me, I pulled him against me. My erection poking his navel, and his was between my legs. He broke the kiss and turned me around, staying so close that his only choice was to resume lathering my chest. Bill's hands danced across my defined chest, his fingers roamed every crevasse on there trip down the front of my body.

His rock hard nipples pressed tightly against my back. The masterpiece was bouncing off my balls as he clenched his god like ass. I closed my legs and held it tight enjoying the heat of the throbbing masterpiece. Bill's fingers finally reached my penis causing me to jump, and awaking me from my bliss. His fingers found every ridge and valley of my manhood. It took every ounce of restraint I possess to not explode instantly.

I turned my head around, searching for his soft lips. I kissed him and said "If you don't stop, I am going to explode." 

"We don't want waste any, do we?" He teased.

"I need to wet my hair." I said as I lowered my head down to the waterline. As I cleared the surface I swallowed the masterpiece. I heard his gasp through the water. I struggled to fit as much of him in to my mouth as possible. My intense desire to engulf him entirely allowed me to dismiss my gag reflex. I hit bottom and almost spit him out I was so excited. I have never been able to deep-throat. I love sucking this cock. The lack of oxygen started to cloud my senses and I reluctantly released Bill's cock. 

I surfaced, inhaled deeply, and blurted "Lets go to the dock, I need to suck that dick some more."

"Whoa, Buddy! I'm not gay" Bill mocked my previous statement in a false deep voice.

"Ok, maybe I like dick. I thought you were going to rape me." I answered.

"I am, but first you will beg to have my dick buried in your ass." He stated as we swam to the floating dock in the middle of the pond.

Bill allowed me to climb the ladder to the dock ahead of him. I smiled, kissed his lips, and started to climb. The ladder was attached to one of the pylons that held the dock in the center of the pond. He stopped me as I was extending my left leg on to the platform. He inhaled both testicles, massaging them gently with his tongue. He released them and then sucked on them one at a time. He made his way to my ass and darted his tongue at my hole, sending shivers up my spine. After an eternity of bliss; he withdrew his tongue, spanked my ass, and said "What are you waiting for?"

Bill started up the ladder with me standing right at the top. As his head got closer, his mouth opened preparing to swallow my intense erection. I swiftly backed my penis away from him and crouched; almost eye level with him. His hands were busy holding himself on the ladder. So I reached out with both of mine and squeezed his nipples causing him to moan in ecstasy and pain. He finished climbing the ladder and stepped on to the dock. I let go of his nipples, reached between his legs, grabbed his ass cheeks, pulled him to me, and swallowed his hard dick in one swift motion.

I looked up and locked eyes with him in time to see his face change from shock to pleasure. Bill opened his mouth to speak, but only was able to release a low guttural moan of pleasure. I backed off till just the very tip of his dick rested on my bottom lip. He opened his mouth to speak; I swallowed him (burying my nose in his neatly trimmed pubic hair). His mouth hung open as I realized that repeating my swallowing actions stroked his dick in my throat and increased his pleasure. Bill grabbed my head and pulled me off his dick. 

"I am going to fuck your ass." Bill demanded.

"Can't I swallow your cum first?" I pleaded.

"There is time for that later." He replied

I looked around at the 'benches' and noticed that one was low and flat. The other had a middle that was raised and had two sets of handles, one set on each end. Both had soft pads covering them completely. He laid me on the first bench on my back. He reached in a draw on the side of the bench and pulled out lube. "Mother fucker, you planned this." I blurted.

"I love sex, which is why this is here. My plan only started when you said 'I'm not gay' while staring at my dick with a hard-on." Bill said smiling.

Bill started to apply the lube to my ass, slowly working a finger in to my ass. He added a second, then a third finger. With his free hand he grabbed the lube, squirted a copious, dropped the lube, and then worked the lube all over his dick. Removing his fingers, he placed the tip of his dick against my loosened asshole, and commanded "Now Beg!"

"Please fuck my ass." I said.

"You call that begging." Bill inquired.

"PLEASE, fuck my ass!" I begged. Bill just stared at my not moving at all. Then he squeezed his ass cheeks causing his dick to wiggle against my hole. "WILL YOU PLEASE JUST FUCK MY ASS?!"

Bill pushed forward; the exquisite pressure of his dick filling me sent pulses of pleasure all through my body. When his dick rubbed my prostate, my dick jumped. By the time he hit bottom my balls had pulled tight against the base of my dick. I was amazed as Bill doubled over and sucked the head of my dick in to his mouth. Without letting go he backed his dick halfway out and then pushed back in. My dick jumped again then Bill started licking the head of my dick inside his mouth. The third stroke across my prostate caused me to explode. Bill started fucking me hard and fast. Spurt after spurt; I emptied my balls in to his mouth. After I finished coming, Bill let go of my dick with a slurp. Not missing a stroke he lifted his head to kiss me. I tasted myself on his lips; he opened his mouth fully and shared my seed with me. The sloppy kiss continued as our tongues entwined. I squeezed my ass then felt Bill start to cum in my ass. He moaned in to my mouth and fucked me harder as he emptied his balls in my hungry hole.

He broke the kiss and we swallowed the remnants of my load. "I don't want to move." Bill whined. 

We laid there, in the warm sun, stroking each others bodies. Exchanging kisses and talking about nothing in particular. Bill lifted his chest off mine and sucked on my left nipple, biting it gently. He looked up at me, released my nipple, and he said playfully "You're hard again."

"Still" I corrected.

…The Beginning.