 We initially made contact through an International gay dating site where he noted in the traveling section that he would be visiting a city near to me.

I messaged him and he responded very promptly and thus began an online relationship. We exchanged a number of messages finding that we had a lot in common. We are both around the same age - mid 70's (yes, surprise, surprise, men in their 70's enjoy good sex just as much as when they were a lot younger, just not as often perhaps). But anyway, back to the story.

Over a few weeks we had exchanged photos, first just our faces and then of our bodies and our cocks so both knew what to expect. David had a lovely fairly thick 6" cut cock, while mine just scrapes by at 6" slim and uncut. We were both smooth skinned without a lot of body hair but he had small areolas and what looked like prominent nipples while I am the opposite. 

We exchanged histories, mine is pretty varied and exhaustive, while his was the opposite. He was a widower who had always had a strong fancy for men but had kept that side of his nature fairly latent until his wife passed away and he was now discovering the delight of good M2M friendships and sex. Advertising on the Gay website was quite a step forward for him to do.

He would only be in the city for a single night so we arranged that we would meet at his hotel, if we found we liked each other then I would stay overnight with him, if not, well "that's life" as they say.

I must admit to a delicious feeling of excitement and adrenaline as I drove to meet him. I really hoped we would hit it off. Jeez I was getting so randy just in anticipation.

I found the hotel, parked and went into Reception right on time and there he was with a warm smile on his face and a strong handshake. He suggested we go to the cafe where we could have a coffee (he knew I don't drink) and we settled on a comfortable banquette side by side and made the usual "how was the trip?" type of conversation. Coffee arrived and as we spoke I placed my left hand down beside his thigh and just pressed it against him, he looked up at me and smiled and pressed his thigh hard against my hand. That was it, my cock twitched immediately. We were going to be just fine.

He said, "Look I am impatient. Can we just skip all of this and go upstairs?" 

No argument from me and in a short while we went up in his room and closed the door. He turned towards me and we embraced. I did not want to take things too quickly, I was so aware that this was all fairly new to him so I tentatively kissed him lightly on the lips. His response was immediate, he put one hand behind my head and pressed our lips together firmly and then his tongue licked and tickled my lips and then encountered mine. He had a lovely long and fleshy tongue. God it was so erotic feeling our tongues caressing each other. This man certainly knew what he was doing.

My hands pulled out his shirt to give me access to his chest and I stroked his chest and worked my way up to his nipples. I just let my fingers brush across a nipple. From the way his body stiffened I felt sure this was a good idea so I did the same to the other one. Meanwhile he was fondling my bottom and caressing my back. Back to the nipples. I gave one a light pinch and then raised his shirt so I could lick one very softly using a lot of saliva and then I blew on it very gently. He put one hand around to my front and started rubbing my cock while the other pulled out my shirt and he too started to tease my nipples. I reached down and felt his cock. It was hardening and I couldn't wait to have it out and in my hands (and lips)

We stood there just playing with each other, getting more and more aroused, stopping to kiss and lick each other's exposed skin.

He pulled off my shirt, I did the same to him and pulled down his pants, leaving him just in his boxers. I sucked on one nipple, much harder now and brushed it with my teeth. He was very vocal about how he liked that and my hand went inside the boxers to feel this glorious hard weapon. 

He pulled at my pants and slid them and my knickers down and I stepped out of them and his lovely warm hand softly gripped me and stroked me and then we kissed again and then he was devouring my nipples. 

My legs were beginning to shake, so I turned and backed towards the bed and sat which put his cock at just the right height. For some reason I found his boxers quite kinky so leaving them on I just pulled them down sufficiently to access his cock. Jutting straight out at me. His picture had not done justice to this. Who could resist. I licked the head very gently using a lot of saliva and then let my tongue just slip down to his frenulum that very sensitive little knot of skin at the top of the cock and gently tickled it with the tip of my tongue. David was stroking my face and hair and telling me how nice this was.

I put one hand behind him on his bottom and caressed his cheeks, pushing his boxers right down so I could have good access while I very, very slowly and very, very gently started to take his cock into my mouth. I wanted it to be so soft that he would not be quite sure he could feel me. 

That certainly made an impact. His fingers tightened in my hair, he gasped and encouraged me to continue. We were on the wrong angle for me to try to completely deep throat him but that could wait for later.

He started pinching my nipples which is always a big turn on for me and as I sucked him in he would pinch tightly and as I released him he would do the same. We established a really nice rhythm. I had one hand caressing his balls - big and heavy - and the other stroked his bum and teased around the edges of his crack.

Then he pulled back and I guessed what he was going to do so, reaching behind me I grabbed a pillow and dropped it on the floor for him to kneel on. He came down, leaned forward and kissed me very deeply and then descended on my waiting cock which, to be honest had softened a lot as I had really been focusing all my attention on him. There was a fair amount of precum on it and he firstly licked and sucked that off. Remember, I am uncut so my foreskin pretty much covered my head. 

He took my entire cock straight into his mouth. He just opened his mouth wide and took it all in and then he tightened his lips and pressed with his tongue and slowly sucked his head up my shaft. Oh God!! He repeated this again and again and my cock got harder and harder. Then his lips were pushing my foreskin back down and his tongue was licking my head and under the ridge surrounding it. Damn, he must be hot-wired into my erogenous zones. No problems about deep throating with this laddie. He just took me right in without hesitation. His fingers teasing my balls and my hands stroking and pinching his nipples.

Ahh this was glorious but I wanted more. I lifted his head up and kissed him deeply and then we both got properly on the bed and lay there with our arms around each other, stroking each other's neck and shoulders.

I said "I thought you were pretty new to all of this."

"I am he replied but I have met three men on my travels in the past month and each has awakened me to more and more pleasure. I only wish it had not taken me this long to find out what I have been missing. I now know I love being with another man, I thrill at the things they do to me and I enjoy finding out what gives them pleasure in return. I like the feel of a cock in my mouth, I enjoy feeling it spasm as I suck it dry. One man has fucked me twice and to my surprise, once the pain subsided I quite enjoyed it."

I had warned him previously that I would probably not be able to fuck him and I reminded him again and he assured me that did not matter at all. I didn't mention a little surprise tucked away in my bag in the car.

Our hands became a bit more venturesome as did our lips. He sucked sweetly on my nipples running his wet slippery erotic tongue across my chest from one nipple to the other and then he would suck, first gently then harder and finally he would cover his teeth with his lips and bite me firmly. Man, this was so nice. I was gently stroking his cock with one hand and pinching a nipple with the other. He was getting wet with precum which was my cue to go down and lick it off. 

Such a lovely cock, it was thicker at the base than I thought I could manage but, nothing ventured and so I licked it all over very gently with my tongue and then with lots of saliva around my lips I gradually took him into my mouth, No, I can't make it, if I want to try and deep throat it I need to be facing the other way so, around I went and yes, here he was and my throat said "Oh Yes" and in he came. So lovely. So filling.

Of course we are now in a 69 position and with both lying on our sides facing each other each with our head resting on the others' thigh we could easily tease and play using fingers, lips and mouths.

He had a lovely warm, almost hot mouth. It was not hard but soft and so erotic, his tongue seemed to know exactly where and when to lick me. I rolled over so I was on top of him with me kneeling to keep my weight off him and took his cock right in, long and deep. He responded and I felt his mouth reciprocating on my fairly solid erection. What could be nicer? Two men who like each other, both with only one objective, to give their partner the most pleasure they possibly could.

Totally unselfish, just interested in giving - of course the bonus is of course is that the recipient is being loved while loving. Perfection.

I was teasing his heavy balls, gently stroking them and pinching and pulling on the skin he was doing the same to me. I left his cock and started licking them. They were too large for me to feel comfortable about taking them in my mouth as I was concerned I might hurt him so I contented myself with just licking and teasing, allowing lots of saliva to run down between his legs where my waiting finger spread it further down until the whole area and his crack was nice and wet.

Back to his cock again but now my fingers could slide up and down between his legs, each time getting tantalizingly closer to his crack and his hole. Sucking and fingering. Slipping and sliding, teasing a finger across his hole and then, very gently pressing my finger against the hole (which was pretty wet by now) until it softly slipped in. 

To my delight I felt a wet finger starting to do the same to me. I let my finger just rest there, just inside his hole while I continued to suck him and then gradually, very gently, started to insert it further. I was not concerned about hurting him, my finger was very wet, and I just want the experience to be as erotic as possible. His prostate seemed quite close to his opening because I could feel it and, from the way he stiffened and groaned I knew I was on target.

I started to slowly push in and out in time to my sucking him and naturally he did the same for me. This was heaven. If he was feeling the sensations that I was feeling then there could only be one outcome.

We both started to increase our pace, I could feel my orgasm approaching and he was very obviously coming closer too. I plunged my mouth down as far as I could, pressed hard against his prostate and then I was cuming. 

I had just pulsed once when I felt him stiffening even more and throbbing and then a lovely sweet flavour filled my mouth. 

I sucked him deeply a few more times and as his orgasm subsided gently reduced the pressure from my finger and just held his cock in my mouth without moving, because we had both mentioned in our correspondence that once we had cum we could not bear to be touched for a little while. 

Eventually his head pulled back from my cock and he removed his finger and I did the same and I rolled off him to the side and we both lay there recovering.

"Thank you" was all I could say. "Thank you" he responded, "that was massive"

I dragged myself off the bed and into the bathroom for a couple of hot damp facecloths to wipe our fingers and to then sooth our hot cocks and then lay back on the bed in his arms. He asked if I would like to stay the night and I was very keen to say that I would.

We decided to take a stroll around the city and then come back here for dinner so we dressed and firstly having told reception there would be two guests and not one for the night we set off. I know the city well and we spent a pleasant hour strolling and window shopping.

Finally we arrived back at his hotel and pausing to get my bag from my car we went up to our room freshened up and then down to the large Cafe at the front where we were seated, David ordering a glass of house red and me a mineral water. We ordered our meal, both deciding the Pasta with meat balls sounded good (and it was) and spent a very convivial hour eating and chatting. 

David was a very easy guy to be with, had a silly sense of humor, which matched mine, told great stories and had a very warm personality. We ordered coffee and I popped a Viagra and when I told David what I was doing, he produced his own and followed suit. We lingered over coffee after our meal and then finally decided to head back upstairs.

First order of business was a shower. Regretfully the shower was not really large enough for two so, being a gentleman I let him go first while I adjusted the lights in the bedroom to a very low level, got my "surprise" from my bag and put it on the floor on what I figured would be my side of the bed.

The shower stopped so I quickly stripped and went into the bathroom to find Himself toweling off. Stopping to bend and give him a lingering suck to keep him interested, I got in the shower.

Ahh, nice. Lots of pressure. Squeaky clean I got out, dried off and went out to the bedroom. David was lying there naked, on his back, his cock half erect with his arms out to greet me. How could I resist. I climbed up beside him and we kissed. Long and passionately. He is such a great kisser, lovely thick lips, a tongue which is so long and can just fill my mouth. 

He pushed me on my back and started to pay serious attention to my nipples, licking, sucking, pinching, from one to the other, it was just so erotic I could feel my cock growing just with the stimulation of my nipples. One of his hands ambled down my belly and caressed my cock, very gently rubbing me and then his lips followed his hand and then he was sucking me. Sweetly, softly, deep and deeper, licking and sucking, letting me feel the warmth of his mouth and throat. One hand was still on my chest playing with and pinching a nipple. Somehow my nipples are hot wired to my cock. 

He slid down the bed and lay between my legs, first sucking my cock and then licking my balls and taking them gently into his warm mouth and gently rolling them with his tongue. Pushing my legs up his tongue began to explore lower and lower until it reached my hole. 

Here it stayed, teasing and gently probing until it was inside me, just sliding in and out tickling and arousing me. He had put a tube of lube on the bedside table and reaching for it he lubed all around my very receptive hole.

"I want to fuck you"" he stated and reached for a condom.

In no time I was placed with a pillow under me, my knees up against my chest and he was all lubed up and gently pressing against my hole. Not too hard but gently but firmly enough that as he pressed he entered me. 

There isn't a word to describe that first shock of pain and delight but PFHBWWWHH comes to mind. 

I said just wait now until I get used to this. Gradually my bum settled down to accepting the welcome intruder. "OK push a bit further" which he did. Again I slowly adjusted. Remember he got thicker towards the base so this was going to be a mission for me. Very slowly he advanced. After he was about half way I said, "Try fucking me just at that depth until I get used to you."

Great idea because I soon got to love the sensation as he slowly pushed in and out. "You can try a bit deeper" I said and of course, he did. Some minutes later he was all in and I can only say I was just loving it. I have never let many people fuck me so I am very much a novice in this department but feeling him in me, looking up at him as he fucked me, both of us pinching the others nipples was a massive turn on. 

"Do you want to cum" I asked. To my delight he said "No, it is too soon, we have a night ahead of us" and he slackened off his pace and finally just very slowly and very erotically just pushed in and out letting me feel every millimeter of him as he entered and exited. I think I could have stood this kind of treatment for hours but he said he needed to stop as he was getting too close so he pulled right out, leaving me feeling quite empty.

He stood, went to the bathroom to dispose of the condom and wash and in a short while was back in my arms. "That was so nice" I said.

His hand came down to my cock, discovered the leaking precum and promptly went down in the bed to lick it off. Once again we got into a 69 position. I was at the head of the bed, the lube was very handy and if I wanted I could reach my "surprise"

We settled into a gentle sucking session. No hurry, just exploring the sensations. After a few minutes I reached out for the lube and squirted some onto his crack and my fingers (I forgot to say I was on top) as I sucked I played with his bottom, rubbing my fingers over the sensitive nerve endings which abound there, just putting to tip of my little finger in him for a while and then removing it.

Finally I took him from my mouth and said "would you like to try something different?" 

"What?" he asked.

Reaching under the bed I produced a soft, life size dildo. I said, "I can't fuck you myself but perhaps this could be nice as I suck you."

"Let's try it" he said and with than his mouth plunged down on my cock and I reached again for the lube and applied it liberally to the dildo and then gently stroked it up and down his crack, giving him a chance to get used to the feel of it. Then I just inserted the tip of it into him and held it there. A muffled grunt of pleasure came from below so I pushed it a bit further and held it. Again muffled grunts of pleasure and if the way he was sucking my cock was an indication, this was very nice indeed.

Gradually I pushed it all into him. It was not a massive, blow your mind object, just an ordinary sized soft pliable plastic dildo. Possible as thick as the average of his cock, certainly it was thicker than I am.

One it was right in I went back to sucking him but each my head came up I would pull out the dildo and as I took him back in so also would I move the dildo in. No doubt this was hitting the right spot. I could feel (and hear) his passion rising, this in turn (plus his incredible mouth) got me going and although I would like to say we both came together, in truth he came first. A real gushy splendid cum and as he did he just collapsed back on the bed.

I gently removed our friend and then lay there catching my breath.

I played with my cock for a while and he asked if I would like him to play with my nipples as I came so I moved to where he could reach me and very rapidly wanked to a lovey orgasm helped by the electric zings from my nipples.

We lay there just resting for quite some time and then David got up, collected our friend and went off to the bathroom returning with a warm cloth and preceded to wipe me down. Ahh that is so nice.

Both of us were pretty exhausted by now and we agreed to put the light out, kissed each other gently and I lay on my side with my hand on his shoulder and we were asleep very quickly.

I woke during the night for a comfort stop and I am sure he hadn't moved, later I felt him get up and go to the bathroom. When he returned he softly caressed my cheek and then we were both asleep.

In the morning we both fooled around for a while, stroking and sucking but neither were really wanting another orgasm just yet so playtime it was until it was time to be on our way. Breakfast and then a flight out for David and a trip home for me.
