 Ron's hands were sweaty on the steering wheel. He had been driving for nearly three hours straight. Ron had told Jay he couldn't meet him, but now found himself on the interstate driving toward his destiny. Ron had known Jay for many months. Through their almost nightly chat sessions on the Internet the two men had become very close. The occasional phone calls they managed to get in had helped to strengthen the bond.

At first, they just shared jokes and friendly talk. Soon a friendship developed and a bond formed between them. Their chats gradually became more personal in nature. They discovered they shared similar secret desires. As Ron and Jay became closer they talked of their limited yet thrilling bisexual encounters. Then one night, the two men shared a powerful orgasm while confessing how much they desired each other. Both men had had sexual cyber experiences before; this was somehow different. They were confused. What they had thought were kinky sexual fantasy desires were now becoming mixed in emotional connection. 

As Ron drove along he thought about his first realizations that he had developed feelings for Jay. Feelings he had not thought it possible to have toward a man. Feelings he had felt only toward women in the past. The two men had connected even though they had never been within a 1000 miles of each other. Now as Ron drove on, they were very close. Ron could feel his heart racing in his chest. He thought to himself, "what the fuck am I doing?" Ron was shaking as he steered his car off the interstate and down the exit ramp.

The hotel was mere yards from the highway. The 150 or so miles Ron had just driven seemed like light years. Ron knew a new life might be awaiting him only across the street as he sat mesmerized by the clicking of his turn signal. The blast of a horn from the car behind shook Ron from his trance and he made the left turn into the hotel parking lot. Ron pulled into a space around the back of the building and sat in his car trying to gather his courage. Finally he reached for the door handle. He stepped out of the car and immediately felt as if his knees were going to give way. Somehow willing his legs to steady under him, Ron walked to the building and stepped through the door into the lobby and his destiny beyond. 

Ron felt the sweat beading up on his brow as he watched the elevator close on his previous life. Only four floors above his head waited the object of so much desire. Since he had decided to surprise Jay, Ron hoped he had not picked a bad time. Ron's mind raced; "Oh god! What if Jay found other companionship?" "What if he isn't here?" "I have to get out of here!" A part of Ron wanted to run, fast and far. But most of Ron wanted to be in Jay's arms, to finally be with the object of so much secret desire. Ron stepped out of the elevator and with a bravado that he did not feel strode down the hall to Jay's room. He hesitated and then rapped sharply on the door.

Jay was lounging around the room. After a day of boring seminars, he had returned to his room striped to his under shorts and plopped on the bed. He had dozed off and on and during one of his short naps Jay had had a most pleasant dream about Ron showing up at the hotel unexpectedly. Jay and Ron had discussed the possibility but the logistics simply could not be worked out. The sudden loud rap on the door startled Jay. He went to the door and looked out the peephole. The site that greeted him stunned him. There on the other side of the door stood the man who he had only previously seen in digital images.

Jay, forgetting in was only wearing underwear flung open the door. Both the abrupt opening and seeing Jay in person for the first time stunned Ron. The revealing outfit Jay wore heightened the experience.

"Wow! Come in, come in," Jay stammered. Then realizing his state of dress he added, "Oh shit I am practically naked!"

"Well naked is how I hoped to find you," Ron said laughing, unsure of exactly what to do.

Jay laughed also. The tension was immediately broken. The two men embraced. Both were nearly overcome with excitement and emotion of finally being together. Without hesitation their lips found one another. They kissed hard and deep. Their tongues took turns probing each other's hot wet mouths. Their hunger for each other took over. The embrace became tighter, their bodies pressed together. Both began to grow hard and they could feel each other's erections pressing against the other's body. After many minutes the first wonderful sensual kiss broke.

Still holding on to Jay, Ron said, "Wow, damn, that was everything and more, my friend. I am afraid my knees have gone to jello though."

"Come sit with me, stud," Jay said using his favorite pet name for Ron.

They walked to the bed holding hands and sat. Both trembled as they realized what was about to happen. Each knew that soon he would be making love to a man he cared for for the first time in his life. The thought was both terrifying and thrilling. Ron and Jay, talked and kissed and caressed for a while, not rushing things, wanting to savor every second of this first encounter. They reveled in just being together, though both were aching to tear the clothes off the other.

When Jay reached for Ron's shirt and began to pull it off, Ron stopped him saying, "Wait, may I use your shower first? It was a long nervous drive. I want everything perfect."

Jay replied sheepishly, "Only if I can join you."

Jay watched as Ron stood and striped off his clothes. Then Ron reached for Jay's hand and asked him to lead the way to the shower. Jay stood and slid off his shorts. They stood together unashamed naked and hard. They smiled at each other and then went to the bath. Both were amazed and pleasantly surprised by how natural it felt to be walking hand in hand like this. 

The warm water cascading on their bodies felt great. The occasional brushing together of their bodies felt better. It sent tingles through them as if their bodies were electrically charged. They gently washed each other with the rich lather of the luxurious hotel soap. Each took special care with the genitals, washing them thoroughly and caressing them, but not wanting to over stimulate them just yet. Their shower finished the men stepped out and carefully dried themselves off. They watched each other drying off, both enjoying the way their hard cocks bounced around. Once dry they tossed the towels on the floor and headed back to the bedroom.

Just as they reached the bed, they came together and began kissing. Their open mouths pressed together, their tongues probing. As the kiss intensified Ron and Jay came closer together. Ron shuddered as he felt Jay's twitching cock press into him. Jay slid his hands down along Ron's back and pulled him forward cupping Ron's ass cheeks. They pressed themselves into each other as Jay moved his lips from Ron's mouth to his chest. Jay kissed his way to Ron's nipple and then began sucking him, letting his teeth gently grip Ron's hard nipple. Ron gasped. The feel of Jay's teeth on his nipple and Jay's beard hair rubbing his chest was driving him wild.

Ron moaned loudly, "Oh god Jay, come to bed with me!"

They crawled into bed and were kissing, licking and sucking each other's necks, shoulders and chests. Each taking turns sucking the other's excited nipples. Jay felt Ron's teeth gently nibble his skin as he reached down and held Ron's cock next to his. They began to flex their hips allow their cocks to rub each other. Jay began to slowly kiss his way lower on Ron's body. He was aching to taste Ron's cock for the first time. Ron wanted Jay's cock also and began to slide around, maneuvering himself in position to 69 with Jay. Jay and Ron now lay with their faces inches from each others twitching cocks. They both felt the warm breath of their long desired lover envelope their sex. Ron stuck out his tongue and licked a drop of precum from Jay's gaping cum slit. Jay moaned loudly and quickly followed suit. Ron and Jay were now bathing each other's cocks with their hot wet tongues. 

Ron licked his way down Jay's thick cock to his balls. Then Ron began sucking gently kissing Jay's cum filled balls. He softly ran his lips over Jay's tightening ball sack. Jay was now sucking on Ron's cock head and teasing Ron's puckering anal opening with a moistened finger. Jay slowly took more of Ron's throbbing meat into his hot wet mouth as he slid his finger into Ron's tight ass. Ron shuddered and moaned into Jay's crotch. When Jay began gently finger fucking Ron, Ron involuntarily started fucking Jay's mouth in the same rhythm. Jay probed deeper into Ron's ass finding his pleasure gland. It was the first time Ron had ever been stimulated in this way and he was delirious with pleasure. 

Ron felt his balls tighten and cried out, "Oh fuckkkkkkkkkkkk, I am going to cum in your mouth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Jay clamped his lips tight onto Ron's twitching cock and braced himself. He want to get all of his first load of cum. Ron was now fucking Jay's face as if Jay's mouth was a pussy. Then suddenly Ron stopped, his cock jerked wildly in Jay's mouth. Thick ribbons of musky cum splashed against the back of Jay's throat. Despite his best efforts Jay could not hold on as Ron thrashed around in ecstasy. Ron's cock was jerked from Jay's mouth and the last globs of cum landed in Jay's beard. Jay savored the taste of Ron's cum. Swirling the sticky nectar in his mouth as Ron began to suck Jay's cock hard.

Ron now wanted to taste Jay's cum. He easily swallowed Jay's thick manhood. Taking Jay's cock all the way in to his throat. All of Ron's practice on bananas was nw paying off. Ron deep throated Jay, bobbing up and down on his cock. Starting at the tip he went all the way down until Jay's balls touched his lips and then all the way back up. 

Jay cried out, "You are so fucking hot, Ron! Suck me lover!"

Then Ron wrapped his hand around the base of Jay's cock and looked into Jay's eyes and said, "Fuck my mouth, sexy! I want your cum!"

Ron put his lips to the tip of Jay's cock and opened his mouth. Jay immediately fulfilled Ron's wish. He pumped his cock in and out of Ron's mouth. Ron held the bottom of Jay's cock and accepted the rest into his mouth with each thrust as he gently massaged Jay's tighten balls. Jay was out of control, fucking his friends face and moaning. Ron loved every minute of it, awaiting his lover's hot cum to slide down his throat. The taste of Jay's precum flowing into his mouth thrilled Ron. 

Then Jay screamed, "Oh fucking god, I'm going to explode!"

Jay's body convulsed and he buried his dick in Ron's mouth. Ron felt the first globs of Jay's sweet cum slide down his throat. Ron grabbed Jay's hips and held him as Jay emptied what seemed like a pint of thick rich cum into his waiting mouth. When Jay's powerful orgasm finally subsided, the lovers swung around and were face to face. They kissed sharing each other's taste. Then they caressed each other and kissed softly for a time. They told each other how amazing it had been. Both feeling it was one of the best orgasms they had ever had. Then they wrapped up in each other's arms and rested. They needed to recharge for what no doubt would be a long night of wild sexual adventure.