 I have never considered myself gay. I have characterized myself as "bi-curious" on various web sites. I have always found it difficult not to look at other guys' cocks and asses is the locker room. When I watch porn flicks my favorite parts are the cum shots. Mind you, seeing the guy blow his load on a girls face is not the turn on. In fact, I think the industry show go back to 70's and 80's when the guy would pull out and shoot his load on a stomach, an ass, or on tits. Anyway, seeing the orgasm itself is the turn-on.

I will admit that when I was younger I had a couple of brief experiences with other guys. The first time was with a guy who was the son of close friends of the family, so to speak but lived a long way from us. We sharing my room and got to talking about sex. I showed him my small collection of old magazines (porn of course). He made a comment about penis size and how big I was. I told him that I actually never measured myself. He suggested we compare. Was it felt funny the truth is that it was a little exciting. Since the parents were gone for the day and there was no way we'd be caught I agreed.

We stripped to our underwear. I felt a little more at ease when I saw that he was also excited. He seemed to sense my nervousness so he proceeded to take his underwear off. I held my breath until he stood up. Then he set on the edge of the bed and leaned back and spread his legs. I wondered in amazement, as his cock snapped back on his abdomen. For the first time I was staring at an erect penis other than my own or in a picture.

I broke from my mini trance and slid off my underwear. My cocked bobbed with each of my movements. He asked for a ruler and I obliged. He stood up and spread his legs so that his cock and balls were free from obstruction. He placed the ruler on the top of his shaft and announced 61/4 inches. I verified his measurement, stood directly in front of him in the same manner as he had done. I placed the ruler on my shaft. We verified my cock to be a little over 7 inches.

He suggested we see which one was thicker. Still in awe of the moment I went along with it. He stepped close to me, next to mine, and told me to do the same. I did as instructed. He then placed the head of his member against my shaft and released his hand leaving only his finger tips to keep his cock from bouncing away. Without being told I followed suit. His penis felt warm against mine. His was thicker. Mine was longer. Two eighteen year cocks, erect and waiting to me stimulated.

He suggested we lie in bed and jerk off. We asked about stroking the other's cock. Because I was only partially cut my shaft skin moves making masturbation easy. His hand felt exhilarating as he slowly jerked me off. He however, was fully circumcised. I found it difficult to stimulate him even though he felt amazing. He suggested lubrication. I had no idea what he was talking about.

He then asked me to make it wet with my mouth. None of my girlfriends would suck cock so I had no idea what to do. I slid down the bed and between his spread legs. I took his toll in my hands, closed my eyes and put his head in my mouth. I inhaled his cock aroma which seemed to excite me more. I hesitantly put my tongue on his smooth head and began to swirl it. My mouth was filling with saliva. It was then I understood what to do next. I pulled my mouth away just enough to keeps my lips on the tip of his dick and pushed my spit on his waiting head. As the saliva finished oozing from lips I took him in my mouth. My spit-soaked lips slid down his shaft. He groaned in approval. I began to blow him in a rhythm. I took him out of my mouth every so often to relax my jaw muscles and marvel at this beautiful, wet cock.

I sucked him a little longer but I knew I wanted to see him cum. I sat up and positioned myself at his side. I began to stroke him. My first stokes were long and slow. Then I gently held the base of his prick in my left hand while concentrating my right hand on the top few inches and head. He began to stir. I swore his cock was getting harder in my hand. I gently increased the pressure of my right. His white, hot cum started to bubble from his head. This was followed by 3 spurts which fell on his stomach. He was moaning in ecstasy. More cum bubbled out his him and all over my hand and his shaft. I kept stoking slowing steadily. He eventually began to soften. I reached across his for the box of tissues on my night stand. As I was wiping my hands off I had the urge to taste his cum but I didn't.

He asked me how I wanted to cum and I told him that I'd never had a blow job. He had me sit in the edge of the bed, legs spread, leaning back as he had earlier. He knelt between my stretched knees and gave my first blow job. It was my first orgasm in another human being's body without a condom. It was heaven.

We spent the rest of the weekend sucking and stroking. I never saw him again and that was the last time I had been with a guy save for some mutual jack-off sessions with one of my college roommates. I've suppressed these desires for many years settling for looking at web sites and jerking off to fantasies either in my head or stories I have read. Until recently.

I have always taken my car to the same garage. The owner is very popular because he doesn't charge an arm and a leg for repairs. He has four bays and 8 full-time mechanics. I took my car in for an oil change and decided to take advantage of an air conditioning special he was running. It was early August and starting to really get hot.

My appointment was for late afternoon. Greg was the mechanic's name assigned to do the work. He was good looking as guys go, with blonde hair and a slender build. He had just finished with car and came into the waiting room to give me my keys. He striped his special mechanic's gloved off of his hands so we could shake. He was very pleasant and I just happened to notice how soft his hands were. I found out later that the gloves are treated with a moisturizer.

I took my keys and went to pay the bill. I decided to hit the men's room before leaving. The men's room also served as a locker room for the employees. I stepped up to the urinal and began to relieve myself. I heard the door open; followed by the sound of someone opening a locker. I looked to my right and almost pissed on myself.

I had a direct view of a lager mirror. I saw Greg's reflection. He had his back turned and could not see me. I watched as he slid his coveralls down to his hips. He had nothing on underneath. He wiggled his hips and the coveralls slipped further, revealing his bare ass. He obviously did not see much of the outdoors as his skin was so light. My eyes went to his ass. It was perfectly shaped with full cheeks; not muscular but not fat either. He had a small tattoo at the base of his spine.

He turned around. Trying to casual I tried to keep looking without getting caught. Except for a small patch of pubic hair he was completely shaved. My eyes drifted to his cock. It hung perfectly. I estimated it to be about three or four inches in its current flaccid state. The thickness looked proportionate. I could barely make out his scrotum but it looked as though it fit perfectly with the rest of his manhood. My cock began to stir.

The sound of the door ruined the moment. I shook my dick, flushed, washed and left. The whole way home I couldn't get the image of his body out of my head. My cock was bulging. I couldn't wait to get home to relieve the pressure building in my balls.

Once inside the door I kicked off my shoes and latched the dead bolt. My shirt was off and my belt unbuckled before I hit the bedroom door. I stepped to the bed and hastened to get my pants off. My pre-cum had caused a wet spot on my boxers. I sat on the bed and slid off my underwear. I turned the ringer off on the phone as I wanted no interruption to my pending eruption. I lay back, adjusting my pillows and closed my eyes. My hand found my rock and began gently caress and tease the head, shaft, and balls.

I imagined holding close with my cock pressed against his ass. My mind began to play a fantasy as my hand began to make love to my cock. I could see me sucking his perfect penis. I saw his mouth gliding over my member. My cock spewed spunk as I imagined me sliding in and out of his ass. I fell into a deep sleep.

When I awoke, I made the decision to log on to an adult web site which I frequent from time to time. It had been a while so I had to renew my membership. I finished the process and began searching for bi-sexual and gay men. I made the decision to explore these fantasies once and for all.

I narrowed to search by the usual criteria along with location. Within seconds the page opened up with pictures and profiles. My cock began to stir again as I browsed the many pictures of cocks and asses. I playfully stroked myself. I had clicked into the second page. The third picture really caught my eye. It was the most perfect cock I had ever seen. It was not very long nor was it a stub. Its thickness was just right for the length. It looked so smooth and the fact that there was only a small patch of trimmed pubic hair accentuated it all the more. The scrotum was a very nice size as well. Like the surrounding body parts it, too was shaved.

I clicked the profile. There were more pictures. One the other cock pictures was in its flaccid state. It still looked great. My cock was at full attention. There was one ass shot. I clicked to enlarge it. I almost fell off my chair. At the base of the spine was a small tattoo. Holy shit could this be Greg? I read the rest of his profile. It all fit.

I sent the guy a message. I kept staring at his pictures while stroking myself. The message button on my screen activated. He was online. We chatted for almost twenty minutes. I decided to take a chance. Being careful not to use any names I told the stranger about seeing Greg earlier in the day and that I was so turned on I had to masturbate as soon as I got home. Five minutes went by before he responded. He told me how something similar had happened to him in that a guy had watched him changing in a locker room. I asked him if he was offended. He said not in the least and that in fact, he was flattered and wished he could have been closer to the guy watching him. I then asked if he would be offended if he knew the guy had jerked off while thinking of him. His answer exhilarated me. He said the only thing he found offensive was that he wasn't there to live it personally. The he followed with the bomb. Was I available tomorrow to meet? I answered with a resounding yes. I asked him if he would like to meet at a bar? He said no and then ended all speculation by calling me by name and saying that was indeed Greg. We agreed to meet at a hotel and split the room. He would arrive first and send me the information from his laptop. We signed off. It was the hardest thing I could do not to jerk off again but I wanted to save myself.

I slept like shit. At the agreed upon time I signed on the site. About a half hour later the message button activated. He said that he was all checked in. I responded telling him I was ready when he was. He sent the information.

He chose a hotel that was near the airport. Traffic wasn't bad. I was walking in the elevator less than an hour from the time we signed off. The doors opened on the eighth floor. I followed the signs to room 819. My heart was pounding. I was excited and I was trepid at the same time. I took a breath and knocked. Moments later the door opened. Greg smiled and said, "Come in, Dave."

The door closed behind me. Greg was dressed in a bath robe. "Would you like a glass of scotch?" he asked.

"Yes, please." I responded. He filled the glass with ice, poured from the bottle and handed me the glass. I sat on the edge of the bed. Surprised at my courage I said, "Like I said online I haven't done this in a very long time."

"That's cool. I usually don't sleep around and in fact I'm somewhat of a prude but there's something about you that just sets me at ease." He was sincere. He stepped in front of me. He put his hand on my shoulder. I gulped my scotch and set the glass on the floor. I could not look him in the eye because the thought of his cocked was so powerful. I reached for his bath robe's tie and loosened it. His robe fell open. 

There it was in front of me. It was more beautiful in-person. He was semi-erect. I gently cupped his balls in my hand. The tip of his brick rested in my wrist. His cock began to stir. I took hold of it. It came to life in my hand. I slipped my free hand through the robe and held his bare hip. I lowered my mouth to him as I pulled him closer. I licked his corona. I ran my tongue up and down both sides of his shaft. I slowly slid his perfect penis in my mouth. I closed my mouth around him and danced my tongue all over it. I began to slowly suck him. "For someone who hasn't done this in a while you feel awesome," moaned. I released him and stood up and started undressing. I stripped naked and stood before him.

"Turn around, "I whispered. He did as I requested. I gently pulled the robe away from body. His ass, like his cock, was absolutely perfect. Stepped to him and held him close. I carefully placed my hard on between his ass cheeks. It felt incredible. He reached backwards for my hips and pushed his ass to me. "Let's get in bed," I suggested. I laid down first. He came around the side and crawled into bed with his head at my waist. He began to stroke me and I reciprocated, gladly. He leaned over and took me in his mouth. He began to lick and kiss my cock and balls. After enjoying this for a few minutes I attempted to suck him as well. He sensed the awkwardness and shifted his body to allow me free movement.

Once settled, I resumed playing his wonderful toy. I mimicked what he had been doing to me, exploring his penis and balls with my tongue and mouth. "Lay back," he said softly. "I want to deep throat you." I went flat on my back. He positioned my legs. He lifted one leg over me and was now straddling my upper body. His cock and balls were above my face. I knew from this angle I could lick him and suck his balls. I began to caress his hips and ass. The next sensation was his mouth sliding down my cock. He took long slow strokes. He sucked me gently and nestled his nose against my scrotum. I licked his shaft and balls. He continued to love my cock. I knew I didn't want to cum like this so I carefully moved him off me.

I had always wanted to blow a man the way my friend blew me -- on the edge of the bed. I stood up and said, "Sit here", pointing to the bedside. I knelt before him and positioned his legs. I pulled him as close to the edge as I could so his balls would hang free. My friend had told me that doing it this was provides total freedom for the balls thus allowing them to access more semen.

I took his hard on in my hand and lowered my mouth around it. I started to explore as I had before, experimenting with different movements and pressures. In a matter of minutes his cock was soaked with my saliva. I pressed my lips to his head and pushed myself down as is my mouth was a pussy. He moaned. I began to press my lips inward on every down stroke and wrapped them around his cock as I withdrew. He was making noises of pleasure. I worked into and steady rhythm. I had perfected the strokes so that his head stopped just short of my throat on the way in and keeping the crown just inside my mouth on the way out. I increased the pressure of my lips and shortened my strokes with a slight increase in speed. His breathing grew deeper as his thighs began to tense. I could taste the hint of something salty and knew he was close to cumming. I needed to have him cum in my mouth. I wanted him to feel what I had felt all those years ago and now needed so disparately to give. I kept going. His cock began to pulsate and suddenly seemed to get harder. He started to raise his hips to my strokes. I cupped his ass cheeks as he lifted. He let out a sound that I can't remember as my mouth was suddenly filling with his salty cream. I kept my pace as best as I could while swallowing and slurping his cum. I continued my movements but at a slower pace. He emptied in my mouth. He fell back on the bed but I refused to release his cock. My mouth made love to his cock.

With the exception of what had slurped out on my lips I took every drop. I gently released him and lightly cradled his balls. He shuddered. "Holy shit that was fucking mind blowing", he panted. "It's your turn to come next. How do you want it?" He asked.

I hesitated. "I want your ass. Is that okay?" I asked shyly.

"Dave, you can fuck me anytime you want. The lube is on the dresser." He pointed to a clear bottle. I wiped my mouth on the sheet and got up to retrieve the jell-filled bottle. "Here, let me see that." I handed him the love goo. He squeezed the contents in his hand and proceeded to apply to my cock. It felt a little cold at first but quickly warmed up. "I know you're clean and as long as I'm the only guy you're with we don't need a condom", he explained.

Greg stood up and put one foot on the bed. He squeezed more lube on his fingers. He leaned over and pulled his cock and balls up to apply the gel to himself. He then turned and got in the doggie style position on the edge of the bed. "Spread the lube on my anus and slowly finger fuck me with one finger then two and three." he instructed. "You may need to add a little more lube as you go and if it feels dry at anytime stop and apply more."

I did as he told me. I was gentle and careful and took my time. When I was easily sliding three fingers in and out of his ass he began to groan and said, "Fuck me, Dave. I want your cock in me now."

I withdrew my fingers and wiped them off. I stood for a second to admire the ass I was about to take. I stepped to him, put two fingers on the base of my cock and guided it to his waiting ass. I kissed his starfish with the lips of my dick. I pressed gently and her seemed to do the same. He took a deep breath. As he let it out I pushed my corona inside him. I stopped when I felt the resistance. He exhaled again I pushed. His sphincter tensed and then relaxed. There was a suction sound and he began to push towards me. I met his push as I looked down his starfish wrapped around my cock. I was all the way in. I hesitated for a moment to adjust my balance. He fluffed the pillows underneath himself.

I withdrew and thrusted slowly, gently, about an inch at a time. It felt amazing. I increased the length of my withdrawals. He seemed ready but I wanted to be careful. I pulled out far enough to leave my head inside him and applied more lube. I slowly pushed in deeper and withdrew again to spread the lube. It felt so good. I then began to fuck him. In and out, slow and long. I couldn't decide whether to keep watching my cock slide in and out of him or to close my eyes and till my head back. I chose the latter. I found the perfect thrust. I kept repeating it. I was in heaven. I could barely hear him moaning for more. I began to fuck him a little faster. I could feel my ass cheeks flexing. I was building. I sensed Greg moving and opened my eyes. He lowered his torso to raise his ass. He grabbed his ass cheeks to spread them. It looked and felt incredible. I grabbed his hips and after burying myself in him for three or four thrusts I pulled out far enough so that only the last four inches of my dick was being stimulated by his sphincter. On my tenth thrust or so I felt my scrotum tighten. I didn't stop. Suddenly, I was on the balls of my feet. I exploded inside him sending jet after jet of cum deep inside. I kept cumming and pumping. My orgasm lasted longer than the one from blowjob so many years ago. It was incredible.

I finally stopped pumping. "Wait until you start to get soft before you pull out," he said. I want to feel you as long as I can."
