 "Welcome to The Maze."

Ed gazed at the solitary television screen perched on the bare walls of the empty room, accompanied by nine other men. Fly-by video of the Maze were displayed on the screen.

"This underground network is your playing ground. Traverse the maze and you will escape into the world again."

The group of men murmured in excitement and apprehension.

"There are over a hundred trials within The Maze. They will gradually become more advanced as you progress."

A whipcrack bursted onto the screen. Though Ed's eyes widened in shock, he heard one man laugh, "Oh yes, daddy! Give it to me!" 

The narration continued.

"Though these trials are in stationary rooms, the Minotaur is loose and on the prey."

On the screen, an extremely tall, muscular, brown-skinned man with a scary-looking bull mask, complete with its giant horns, walked toward the camera. His gigantic, swinging cock made Ed gulp in excitement and fear.

"In addition, there are several contraptions and secret passageways to be found which can work for you or against you."

A wall on screen shifted positions.

"You have each paid $20,000 to be in The Maze. Make the most of it, but work quickly. The first player to escape The Maze wins one hundred thousand dollars."

The men cheered, ready to take on what they paid for. It wasn't just gambling. It was a competition, and a great way to get some professional fucking.

"Three passageways will open. Venture into any of them, they all have a way to the exit. There are no dead ends where you must traverse the maze again."

They all watched in anticipation, waiting for the doorways to open.

"Good luck to all of you. The game begins now."

Two metal doors slammed open against the walls with scary bangs. The third was a spiral staircase that lowered into the center of the room. 

Ed, unsure of which way to take, went with his instinct and chose the door to his left. He decided the staircase was too out of place to be good. Regardless, four men were headed toward the staircase.

Two men followed Ed into his passageway. One was a young-looking guy, tall, built, attractive, and with dirty blonde short hair. The other was a large, chubby black man with glasses and an ecstatic grin on his face.

"Oooh, you best get out my way," the black man exclaimed, "I gots a date with men and money!"

He pushed past Ed and into the darkness of the passage, about four feet wide and hardly lit, done by very sparse naked lightbulb. The blonde looked at Ed and shook his head disbelievingly.

"I'm Keith," he smiled, extending his hand.

"Ed." He shook back.

The two entered the passage, and it was at that moment that Ed realized what he'd gotten himself into. The passage was cramped and claustrophobic, and the walls were wooden panels painted black. They continued walking down the straight corridor until a passage appeared on the right. Ed and Keith looked at each other.

"Well, I'm off this way," Keith declared, pointing to the right. "Good luck, Ed."

Ed stared for a few seconds until he finally nodded. "You too."

The two parted ways and Ed continued down the long corridor.

Ed was 34, single, and a chiropractor. He'd divorced his wife several years ago after discovering himself. He was a regular at the gym, a hunky barrel physique covered in light body hair. His hair was medium length, sleekly combed back, and his face was acutely handsome. He had been the last contestant to enter the competition.

Ed arrived at a junction between left and right. They both curved back, each heading into the opposite direction alongside the hall he had been walking in. He took a right and wove in. The corridor immediately bent to the left and left again. Ed, realizing he'd been slowing down to tip toes, remembered the competition. If there was ever a better opportunity to win a hundred grand, it was now, and Ed had to take whatever came at him with pleasure. He took a deep breath and hurried his pace. The corridor made a right, this time headed straight until a right about ten feet up ahead. He walked toward the turn and finally reached it. Turning to his right, he entered a small room with blue mats on the floor.

"Hello."

A fully clothed short man to his left, about 5'3'' with short curly brown hair, greeted him cheerfully. Despite his stature, Ed could tell his body was well-defined. The man stepped forward, grabbing a velvet rope attached to the side of the door and hooking it to the other side. He turned around to face Ed.

"I'm Gordon," he introduced. "What's your name?"

"Ed."

"Nice to meet you, Ed," Gordon smiled.

This seemed too innocent. Though the video did say that the easy trials came first.

"Are you ready for my trial?"

Ed inhaled. "Yes I am."

"Alrighty! This is really simple, Ed. I'm going to try and take off your clothes and you're going to try and take off mine. Shoes don't count. Once you've removed all of my clothes, you can continue into The Maze with whatever clothes you have left on your body. That is, if you even finish with any."

Gordon grinned, ready to take on his opponent.

"Ready?"

Ed positioned himself in a stance, ready to take him on. "Yep."

"On the count of three," Gordon declared. "1... 2...."

Ed's lips suckled each other.

"3!"

The two men lunged at each other, grabbing at each other's shirts. Ed's 5'10'' stature overpowered Gordon, but though he tried to pull off his shirt, Gordon held onto the shirt's underarms barely allowing Ed to lift his arms.

Ed suddenly felt teeth sinking into his shirt, pulling it open halfway with the buttons flying. Gordon was tougher than he had let on, giving Ed a difficult time pushing him down onto the mats.

Gordon suddenly let go of Ed, grabbing onto his shirt's opening and yanking it apart. Ed, pulling Gordon's shirt halfway over his head, felt his shirt rip under his arm. Gordon unexpectedly jumped onto Ed, sending Ed tumbling to the floor.

The short man, blind from the shirt pulled over his face, still manage to grab Ed's undershirt and rip it open. Ed grabbed onto the bottom of Gordon's shirt and yanked upward, forcing his arms upward as well and giving him the ability to take off the shirt. Gordon, shirtless, fought to unbuckle Ed's belt though it was much too difficult to unclasp. Ed tossed himself over to the left, sending Gordon onto the mat. He mounted Gordon, giving him little escape. The pair grabbed at each other's belts, smacking away each other's hands and trying to be the first to loosen the belt. Ed grabbed one of Gordon's wrists and pinned into the floor. Gordon flailed like a fish, trying desperately to keep his belt on. Gordon, however, managed to pull Ed's belt free, and began using it as a flog with his leftover hand in an attempt to free himself. Ed could feel Gordon's feet pulling at the legs of his pants, trying to take them off.

Ed let go of Gordon's belt and went with a new strategy. He grabbed Gordon's other hand, pinning them both down to the mat. Gordon squiggled, trying to do something to gain the advantage. In a quick movement, Ed flipped Gordon over onto his belly and reached underneath him and worked to unhook his belt. Gordon relentlessly slapped the belt over his shoulder, hitting Ed only occasionally.

Ed finally managed to unfasten the belt, and in a fast tug pulled down Gordon's pants and boxer briefs. Gordon kicked around, trying to keep them on his legs. Though difficult to take off because of the sneakers, Ed gave them a hard yank and took them off. Ed had won.

The two lay on the mat panting for a while before they finally stood up and looked at each other. Ed's shirt could no longer be closed, and the undershirt was torn open, revealing Ed's defined and fuzzy torso. The shirt hung loosely like a rag, torn. His belt was gone, leaving Ed's pants to rest on his hips. Gordon was stark naked, his body hairless except for his arms, legs, and the tuft of pubic hair above a decent uncut dick.

"Whoo, that was tough," Gordon exhaled, wiping his sweaty brow with his fuzzy arm. "But you had the advantage of a second shirt."

"That's not against the rules is it?"

Gordon laughed. "No. It's fine."

The small naked man waddled over to a doorway opposite the one Ed had entered. He pulled a ring of keys from a nail on the door and used one into the knob. The door unlocked.

"Thanks," Ed said, walking past Gordon.

"Good luck, Ed," he smiled, giving Ed a small squeeze on the nipple. "I'll be rooting for ya, sexy."

Ed stepped out into the dark corridor. The door closed behind him, and the locks jiggled shut.