 I think I made a mistake this past weekend. I mean, I'm not quite sure. I better explain.

A couple of weeks ago, I started e-mailing this guy. We connected through some online postings for casual sex. See, I'm married, but I've had some good times with men in the past and I like to get a little man-to-man action when the wife is away. So, I went cruising some classifieds and made a posting of my own inviting people to my place for the weekend. I got a few responses, but the most interested was from this guy named Alex.

Alex was 46, single, and into anything he said. I liked the sound of that. I didn't mind that he was 20 years older than me, so long as he had the hardware and interest to come play together. So, after a few more e-mails back and forth, I gave him my address and invited him over on Saturday morning.

I had shaved and showered, and cleaned up the place before he came. As I heard the knock on the door, I was in the middle of spreading out a selection of sex toys that I keep stashed at my office, as well as some porn magazines and DVDs. I also had a huge bottle of lube handy, just in case. I went to the door and opened it to find Alex standing there. He was tall, probably about 5'10", with short cut blonde hair, and blue eyes. He was fairly skinny, and you could see the age in the wrinkles in his face. He was dressed casually, wearing a t-shirt and jeans, and he stepped into my apartment and shut the door before speaking.

"Hey."

"Hey," I replied.

"So, you ready to get going?"

I could already hear his breathing, heavy through his nose. "Sure. I've got some stuff in the bedroom."

"Cool."

We walked back to the master bedroom in our apartment. Nothing super special, but a nice, queen-sized bed with enough room for some good sex play. Just as I was walking in to show Alex all the stuff I had set out, I felt a hard shove on my back, sending me stumbling towards the bed. Before I had a chance to really recover, Alex had grabbed my hair and was forcing my head to the bed.

"You don't know what you've gotten yourself into, you little shit."

"What the hell are you doing?" I struggled to ask.

"Shut up," Alex replied gruffly. I could hear him undoing the belt on his jeans, and could hear the zip of his zipper as he continued to hold my head into the bed. I looked back just enough to see his pants and boxers slide down. Then he pulled my hair hard to get me to stand up so he could undo my pants as well. In no time, he had my shorts and boxers down on the floor, and had me step out of them before leaning me over again.

I heard Alex spit on his hand, rubbing a few mouthfuls on his dick before lining it up with my butthole. "I hope you like it rough." That was all he said before I felt the hard, burning pain of his dick gouging into my hole.

"Oh my God! You son of it a bitch! It hurts!"

"Yeah, you like it." He was already grinding inside me. I could hear him grunting and breathing hard as he rocked his hips against my ass, his balls smacking against me. This guy wasn't the hugest dick in the world, but it was long and hard, and he was burying it to the core.

I was stunned, not knowing what to do. He had my head pinned to the bed as he towered over me, ramming his hot dick inside of me. As he began to pump harder, rocking me back and forth into the bed, I began to feel tears forming at the corners of my eyes. It hurt so much, having his bare, unlubricated dick grinding into my hole. I was sure I could feel stuff tearing, but he didn't care.

In only a couple of minutes, I felt him make about a dozen more hard, heavy thrusts, and then I felt his cum shoot inside of me.

I lost it then. I began to cry. I had just been raped. And this guy hadn't even used so much as a condom.

I could feel his dick throbbing, and he made a few tacit pumps inside of me before pulling his dick out and letting it slap against my butt. He stood back a little to admire his work. My bruised, red hole oozing slightly as his white cum began to drip out.

Alex let go of my head, and I tried to get away. He responded by grabbing my shoulders and pushing me to the floor. "No way, pal. We're not finished here." I could see him, towering above me, his hairy, cum-smelling dick dangling over me as he took notice of all the material I had laid out before. "Oh, nice selection."

He had reached down and pulled up one of the porn magazines. I couldn't tell which one it was, but it had a topless redhead on the cover. He sat it down on the bed and opened it up to thumb through it. As he started to turn the pages, I could see his dick harden again, and he took it in his hand and started stroking it. All the while, I was laying there on the floor, my asshole aching, and I was terrified.

Suddenly Alex stopped stroking his dick, and looked down at me. "Get up."

"No."

"Get up, or I'll fucking beat you to death right here."

I didn't know what else to do. He was so strong, and I thought he could do it if he wanted to. So, I began to get up.

"On your knees."

I did as he said, silently getting on my knees in front of him. I looked at his dick, and could see how red it was. I was close enough to feel the heat coming off of it as he held it in his hand.

"Look up at me."

I did. I looked up into his blue eyes, and they were already half closed as he was looking back and forth from the magazine to me, stroking his cock slowly. He was groaning, and his hips were moving with his hand, sliding along his dick at a steady pace. Soon, he started to pump faster, and I watched as he opened his mouth, wincing a little from time to time as he furiously jacked off in front of me. As his legs started to shake, he turned to look down at me and grab the top of my head. He pulled himself close to me, and in a few more strokes came, his cum dripping onto my nose and eyes and mouth as he pumped his dick. He bucked a few times, and then forced his dick into my mouth.

Normally I'd love to have a dick in my mouth, but this time I didn't know what to feel. It was flaccid now, limp against my teeth and tongue, but he still gently pumped it in and out of my mouth. He pushed himself all the way inside of me, and I felt myself gag even on his limp dick. He held me there, choking on his semen-tasting cock, until I was pushing away from him with my hands, trying to get free.

Alex let go, and I feel backward, gasping for air as his dick slipped out of my mouth.

I lay there, on the floor, closing my eyes to keep from looking at him. He was disgusting. This man who had walked into my apartment under the pretense of having consensual sex, had now just taken advantage of me twice. I could feel his cum in my ass, and I had little globs of it on my face. I reached a hand to wipe them away, trying to calm myself a little.

Then Alex spread my legs and lowered his mouth onto my cock. Frightened, I opened my eyes and looked down at him. He didn't seem to care, as he started to lick and swirl his tongue over my limp dick, moaning and making little sucking sounds against it.

My dick responded. Despite my disgust, it was getting hard in this man's mouth. It was growing to its full length, and soon he was sliding his lips along it, gently. He kept his eyes closed, but his hands had found their way to my thighs, spreading my legs open wide as he sucked my dick.

He was hungry for it. I could tell by the way he gulped at it, sucking it hard and licking it, and even biting it softly from time to time as he took it all the way into his mouth, pinching the base of it between his teeth. Soon my legs were trembling, and I could feel the orgasm rising in me. I couldn't help it, and so I tossed my head back and closed my eyes, letting myself enjoy the feel of his mouth along my dick.

And then he stopped.

He slid his mouth off of me, and I raised my head to look down at him. He looked at me with those intense eyes again and demanded, "Stroke yourself off."

I didn't protest. I was horny now. Despite everything that happened, and maybe because all of this had happened, I needed to cum. I needed some release. So, I sat up a little, propping myself up with one elbow as I rapidly tugged at my dick. As I did, he lowered his hand to play with my balls, which sent me reeling with pleasure. My legs began to buck, and as I started to slow my thrusts, squeezing my dick harder and slower as I was on the verge, he sat up and watched me. He watched me as my legs trembled, and I shot a long stream of cum out of my dick towards him. Some of it landed on his legs, some on the carpet, and the rest on my hand and on my dick.

Alex smiled with approval, and stood up. Silently, he put on his boxers and pants again, and slipped on his shoes.

"I'll give you a call sometime." And with that, he turned and walked away. Leaving me sitting, half naked, bruised, and covered in loads of our cum, on the bedroom floor.

I heard the door shut, and held my breath for a long moment making sure he was really gone. When I was sure, I let myself lay back against the floor. Even then, I started stroking my dick again. Images of him fucking me from behind, and him pumping his load onto my face swirled behind my eyes, and within moments I was cumming again. Smaller, but still hard, and it left me exhausted.

I must have laid there for 10 or 15 minutes, letting my body recover. When I was finally able to breathe again, I climbed up, and went into the bathroom to take a shower.

After that was over, after I had washed away the scent of his semen, and the dirt and sweat of my rapist, I went, naked, and sat down in front of the computer again. On a whim, I went to the State Sex Offender site, and did a search on our area. In a couple of pages, I found him. There was his mugshot. Alex. Convicted sex offender.

And I had just invited him into my home to rape me.

And I loved it and was already aching for more.

I went to check my e-mail, and among a few more offers of men who wanted to join me over the weekend, I found one from Alex.

"Hey. Let me come over tonight. I've got a friend."

I took a breath, and hit reply.