 Tom walked down the passenger terminal with hurried steps. He knew he would be arriving slightly late to the departure gate and hoped that he would catch his transfer flight on time. His last flight from Paris had landed to Chicago late by more than 45 minutes and it had recessed his change time to only 30 minutes. It could be an impossible task, but he hoped to prove it wrong. As always, he was travelling light, with only a small carry-on baggage. Tom was glad of the few extra minutes that it gained him.  

He was totally oblivious to the few admiring glances he got from fellow passengers. At the age of 25, Tom was a successful and wanted news photographer. He spent more than half of the month travelling around the world. His breakthrough picture had been a powerful picture of humanitarian aid in Africa. After that Tom had become known as a describer of small humans in middle of world changing events. He had shoulder length, slightly curly, dark blond hair and brown eyes. He was tall and lean, not very muscular but not a string bean either. All this combined with his shy appearance and slightly hippy clothing ensured that girls of certain type almost always paid attention to him.

The security controller was obviously one of those girls. She flashed a bright smile towards Tom, who was just throwing the baggage on the conveyor belt. Tom didn't seem to notice that either. It wasn't the girl's fault though. Tom had only eye to another sort of beauty. And at the moment, he wasn't even interested in any of it. He was just thinking that after this one short flight, he would be home at last. As a used traveller he was, Tom calmly walked trough the metal detector and out of the security control.

Fortunately for Tom, the gate wasn't too far away from the security control, and he managed to get into the plane on the last call.

Jimmy looked up and down the small air craft. The cleaners had just left and he was checking the results, while his colleague was up in the galley, helping to load the lunch they would be serving on the two hour flight to Memphis. Jimmy was the purser of the flight. He had always wanted to be a flight attendant and had managed to get in right after high school. He had been flying a little over six years now, and was proud of his quick progress on the career.

Jimmy enjoyed his work as much as he had hoped. He enjoyed flying the international flights in big planes, enjoyed the stop-overs at famous cities and even enjoyed the constant jet lag. But on the other hand, he enjoyed serving on small domestic flights such as this one. They had almost a private feeling to them, and had a lot less responsibilities than the longer flights. 

Just as Jimmy got in the front of the aircraft, to see how Annie, one of his favourites to work with, was doing in the galley and what would be served that day, the ground officer came in with the passenger list. Jimmy had previously worked with the same officer, so they exchanged some personal talk at first. 

"Your last flight for the day, right?"

Jimmy nodded at the officer, he'd already flown from Memphis to Chicago, back to Memphis and then to Chicago again that day, starting early in the morning. He asked back:

"And the last one before a weeks vacation. What about you? How many hours to go?"

"Too many, I just started an hour ago. But it seems like your last one's going to be pretty easy. There are only 10 passengers aboard, and none of them has any special conditions."

Jimmy smiled thankfully. Even though he loved the job, it was sometimes nice that the constant sense of hurry receded even for one flight. He chatted few minutes with the officer, who soon had to leave to prepare the start of the boarding. Then he checked the kitchen with Annie. His mood was even more enhanced, when he found out that they would be serving chicken breast sandwiches with green salad. The breakfast that morning had been horrible, and he hoped that the catering staff had made that up with the lunch.

Jimmy went through his mental note list. The captain and the co-pilot were already in the cockpit and had briefed him and Annie. They hadn't had anything special; the flight weather was great and also they suspected that the flight was going to be uneventful. The cabin was clean and ready for passengers and the galley prepared. The plane and its safety gears were in perfect condition. Jimmy took his place by Annie's side in the door way just as the first passengers started to emerge from the tube.

As the officer had predicted, none of the first nine passengers woke any special interest in Jimmy. A few of them were business men, and then there was a woman with about ten year old boy and an oldish couple. Less than third of the seats in the plane were full, and most of the people sat in the front part. He greeted all of them and confirmed that they were free to take a better seat than the designated ones, if they wished.

Just as Jimmy was going to think that one poor soul would miss the flight, a long, lean guy strode around the corner. He had longish, dark-blonde hair that was tied back, and there was tired look in his chocolate brown eyes that told the experienced flight attendant that he was coming straight from a tiring over-night flight. But yet there was some sort of flexibility in his moves, and that flexibility caught really Jimmy's sight.

Jimmy stood dumbfounded in his place; he couldn't have produced a sensible greeting even if his life had depended on it. If that man wasn't the single most beautiful thing Jimmy had ever seen, Jimmy wouldn't know what was. Annie had worked long enough with Jimmy to notice the symptoms of a beginning crush in him and to understand that she had to step in. Annie guided the man to his place and very friendly told him, that he could sit by the window if he wished to. Then she pulled the curtain to cover the galley and the doorway, and almost literally kicked Jimmy's ass to do the arming of the door and start the safety demos.

It wasn't the first time for Tom that he had found himself looking after a cute male flight attendant. The attendant was about as tall as Tom him self, but more muscularly built, he obviously trained often. The man's dark hair was cut quite short, but one could easily see the waves the hair was starting to make. But what Tom found most intriguing about the man was his eyes. They were as blue as the sky they were just about to fly into and the sky-coloured gaze was steadily looking at his direction.

It sure as a hell was the first time Tom thought that he would do anything to fulfil his desire. All of a sudden the boring safety demonstrations got a lot more interesting. Tom watched carefully, when the attendant demonstrated how to blow the life vest manually in case it wouldn't inflate automatically. A flash in the blue eyes of the man and a quick lick of a pink tongue on his lips told Tom that his interest didn't pass unnoticed. 

Tom had planned to sleep the entire flight, but suddenly he really didn't feel like sleeping any more. The dark-haired attendant walked through the aircraft once more to check the seat belts before the take off. If Tom had had any suspicions that the attendant might not share his interests, they were soon long gone, because on his way back into the front, he crouched over Tom's seat and said with a quiet voice:

"I just had to check your seat belt."

For Tom, it was no doubt that it was he himself the attendant was checking out, not the seat belt. Tom flashed an understanding smile at him, and nodded. After winking his eye, the attendant walked away. Soon they were airborne and the drink service begun. There wasn't anyone else seated behind Tom, so he was the last one to be served. But that didn't lower his mood, actually just the contrary, when he saw that the male attendant was approaching him alone, when the woman went back to the galley.

Tom read the nametag on the attendant's chest. Jimmy. Tom decided it was a good name, just before he heard the soft, deep voice again:

"Sir, what would you like to drink today with your chicken sandwich?"

Only the voice and the hot glances Jimmy was throwing at him were just about enough for Tom's skin to go to goosebumps. Their gazes locked for a half of a second, but it felt like hours of electricity flowing between them. Tom cleared his throat before he could answer with equally charged and low voice:

"Can of mineral water, please."

If Jimmy's reaction was to be believed, Tom could have as well asked Jimmy to go with his meal. He was already half hard and thinking how to get into a closer contact with this still nameless flyer. It wasn't usual for Jimmy to react so forcefully to a client. He saw tons of good-looking men every month, and he had to admit that he'd sometimes taken a few of them to hotel or even the lavatory with him. But usually it had happened so that someone had been a regular flyer on one of the routes he flew constantly too, and both of them had had time to change glances over a longer period of times.

Jimmy was a prototype of politeness and good service when he passed the drink. Then he said, still quietly:

"There you go, sir. If there's anything else I can do for you, please just call."

Tom knew exactly, what he would like Jimmy to do. But there was no way to get that now, was there? The uneasy feeling he got every time Jimmy called him a sir was a thing he could do something about, though. So he said, using politeness to cover his true wishes, just as Jimmy had just done:

"Please, call me Tom. And I'm sure I'll call."

"That'd be a pleasure, Tom. I'm Jimmy."

Jimmy reached out to shake hands with Tom. If the gaze between them had been pure electricity, the first touch they shared was like a strong spell, which left both of them stunned, just looking at each other, mouths agape. Jimmy leaned even closer and they both smiled baffled smiles. There's no one that knows what might've happened right there, if it wasn't for Annie that came searching for Jimmy to help her prepare the lunch.

Both of the men blushed like they were kids caught doing something really naughty, and Jimmy quickly let go of Tom's hand. However a silent promise had been changed between the men. Jimmy hurried towards the galley with the drinks trolley and Tom started to anticipate the lunch even though food wasn't very high on his priority list at the moment.

What was a priority was the sense of sexual excitement Jimmy had left Tom with. He tried discreetly shifting himself to a more comfortable position, and managed quite well. Then he picked an in-flight magazine from the seat pocket and was really happy that there wasn't anyone sitting beside him or between him and the closest lavatory. Tom tried to get absorbed in the magazine, but somehow the wonders of India weren't enough to distract him.

It had been months since Tom had slept with anyone. He was usually too busy to find someone. And he was definitely too busy to have a long term relationship. And in many of the countries he visited, it would have been considered a crime anyways. So usually, as in many aspects of his life, he trusted in himself. But even that had happened many days ago, because Tom had been living in a hostel where there a dozen of other guys sleeping in the same hall. Not much privacy there.

In the galley, Jimmy's situation wasn't much better. He didn't remember, when was the last time the lunch preparations had felt so slow. And Annie was teasing him over the cutie in 8A. The fact that he really was thinking the man in question didn't help at all. Finally, the sandwiches were out off the oven, on the trays with the salad bowls and ready to be served. Then the coffee and tea pots and they were set to go.

The serving went by routine, and really quickly since the lack of travellers. After only few minutes they were again on the eighth row, and Jimmy passed the tray over to Tom. Their words weren't anything out of ordinary, but the looks between them spoke a totally different language. Again, Jimmy had to quickly retreat back to galley. The curtain gave him and Annie some privacy, while they talked with urgent, low whispers. Annie asked:

"What's it? You really like him?"

"Yeah."

"You're not going to do that again, are you?"

Jimmy's blush deepened, when he remembered the only time he had got caught. It had been a flight to Dublin and fortunately it had been Annie who had been working in the galley near the lavatory and heard them. Jimmy couldn't deny. So he nodded and whispered back, little agitated:

"You're not anyone to say anything about it."

Annie blushed too. Jimmy didn't really have any evidence, but knew his co-worker well enough to know that she was an adventurous woman. She sighed and said:

"Ok, but promise me you'll be careful."

Quickly they decided that Annie would first have her 15 mins break to eat. Jimmy would serve the pilots during that and offer the seconds of coffee and tea to the passengers. Then Annie would take care of things, while Jimmy went on his escapade. At a speed of lightning, Jimmy scribbled a short message to Tom on a napkin and rummaged trough his purse to find a condom.

When the curtain opened once again Jimmy stepped out composedly with the pots. Only the old couple wanted extra round. Then Jimmy walked back to Tom and forced him to have another cup of tea so that he could give the napkin for him at the same time. Tom looked at him confusedly, but took the cup and the napkin anyways. Soon Jimmy was gone again and Tom noticed the message:

"Soon I go into the rear galley. If you're interested wait a minute and pretend to go to bathroom."

Before, Tom had felt slightly aroused, but now he felt how his cock was rising to its full measure. On one hand his forest green thai pants were good for the situation; he didn't feel the uncomfortable pressure that often followed from getting a hard on with different style of pants. But on the other hand, it would be very hard for him to go unnoticed to the back. Tom decided he'd worry about that when he'd have to, but there was no way he would leave the opportunity unused.

Jimmy quickly prepared the pilots' meals. One would have the same sandwich as everyone else, but other would have to stick with meatball pasta, because of the risk of the two of them eating the same food. Usually Jimmy put an extra bun or desert for the one that had the worse meal, but now he just basically threw the trays in with coffee and let the captains to argue over the food. He made one last round with the pots in the cabin, and finally Annie said she was ready to go and start to pick up the litter. Then she gave him a high five and finally Jimmy had his fifteen minutes of total relax.

The rubber in the pocket of Jimmy's uniform trousers felt almost burning as he hurried past the crowd in the front. He didn't stop by Tom either, but they exchanged a quick look, and that was all the confirmation any of them needed. Tom could hardly wait until Jimmy had disappeared behind the back galley's curtain before he stood up. For his convenience, no one was looking towards him and he could easily slip his back towards the other people and so conceal his problem.

Tom went into the lavatory, but didn't lock the door. Soon Jimmy was inside too and latching the door. The space was small, and they were pressed against each other, not that either of them would have wanted it any other way. For a brief moment they just looked at each other, but soon they both leaned in for a long, wet kiss. Tom pushed Jimmy against the door. The familiar shivers of excitement ran along Jimmy's spine, when he answered to the kiss and opened his mouth so that Tom could slide his tongue to meet Jimmy's.

Tom felt how Jimmy's eager dick was already pushing against his own. They found a common rhythm of thrusts. The lavatory was filled with pants and subdued moans. Jimmy hand's were already under Tom's Marimekko striped t-shirt caressing his back and chest. Tom broke the kiss and started to suck and lick Jimmy's neck. That made him to throw his head back, so that it banged loudly against the door.

It wasn't too easy for Tom to reach Jimmy's skin from under his uniform, but finally managed to find the zipper with his shaky fingers. Jimmy flexed his hips to urge him. It was a bit cramped, but Tom sat on the seat and finally had his fingers on the bare skin. The uniform slacks hang around Jimmy's knees. Tom grabbed Jimmy's ass and pulled him closer. Jimmy's eyes widened, when he realised what Tom was planning to do.

First, Tom licked his lips to moisten them and then the tip of Jimmy's dick that was jutting out from under the hem of his button down shirt and Jimmyet. Jimmy almost forgot where he was and nearly shouted at the feeling, but managed to slap his own hand over his mouth to keep the noise level at the minimum. For a moment Tom studied the lovely cock before him that was surrounded by a bush of dark hair and then he licked one long lick from the base to the tip before engulfing the whole of it. Jimmy found out that his other hand had already sneaked into Tom's long hair and was pulling him even closer.

The exciting smell of Jimmy's private area had Tom mad in matter of seconds and his mouth was doing exactly the same thing for Jimmy. Jimmy was almost already there, when he felt how his cock was hitting the back of Tom's throat. This was without question the best blow job Jimmy had had in a very long time. Tom himself was perfectly happy doing that, there was nothing more arousing to him that a handsome man in front of him, begging for a release.

Jimmy had to collect all his will power to stop his hand from pumping Tom's head back and worth over the hard shaft of his. But somehow he managed. Through his pants he whispered decidedly:

"I'll come in a sec, if you don't stop."

Tom looked up at him, and knew it was the truth. Quickly he stood up and pulled the bow of his thai pants open. The loose pants dropped straight on the floor and Jimmy was free to explore Tom's shaft that was at least as eager as Jimmy's. Jimmy wrapped his hand around it, and made few pulls, which deepened Tom's panting. They kissed again, Jimmy tasting his own pre-come on Tom's lips. Soon Tom was starting to feel the familiar heat in his lower belly and had to interrupt Jimmy too.

No questions were needed, only one confirmative look was exchanged and Jimmy was already fishing the condom out of the pocket. He rolled it on Tom's throbbing cock and lubricated it with the hand soap from the container. Tom had closed his eyes, just concentrating on the feel. They changed slightly their position so that they faced the mirror and Jimmy could lean on the sink table.

Then Jimmy bent himself slightly forward, giving Tom the only permission he needed. For a small moment he massaged Jimmy's opening with his soapy fingers, but when their gazes met at the mirror he knew Jimmy was ready for him. Tom placed his dick on the pulsing hole and pushed in slowly, inch by inch. He felt Jimmy pushing back and soon he was past the tight ring of muscles. Either of them couldn't help the moan as Tom slid all the way in. 

Jimmy gave Tom an urging grunt and move, and then Tom started pushing in and retreating almost totally out. Slowly at first, but the pace increased thrust by thrust. Soon they both found their gazes locked into each other's. The lovely feeling of fullness started to be too much for Jimmy, but he tried to hold on a while. Then Tom changed the angle slightly and hit the love spot deep inside Jimmy. Each movement from that moment on produced a quiet whine from Jimmy. The sound only urged Tom further. After few more pushes both Tom and Jimmy flew directly into bliss.

They stayed that way a minute or two, studying each other's face from the mirror, but then Tom pulled himself out and threw the condom to disposal bin. Jimmy was already cleaning himself with a washcloth and pulling his pants up, he was in a hurry to get back to Annie now, when the urgent stuff was taken out of the way. Tom followed his example.
