 After Richard left the bar I went back to work. It wasn't easy. I was trembling with fear and resentment; my mind consumed with figuring out my options. It was clear to me that I'd been set up; the wine, the grass, and of course, the mirrors. The mirrors had to be two-way glass with cameras behind them. I remembered kneeling before a mirror, staring at myself with a mouthful of his cum. At that moment, I thought I'd had a revelation; I thought I'd saw my future; I thought I'd found my true self. But it was a false image. That was not the person I knew myself to be.

Closing time was fast approaching and I had no solutions. The fear I felt in the pit of my stomach was growing stronger. I knew I had to go see him – there was no other choice. 

Maybe I can reason with him, I thought. Maybe he'd have second thoughts about the morality of what he was doing if I pleaded a strong argument with him. Maybe I could prove to him this was just plain wrong.

Closing time came and went. I watched Jenna, the young blonde I'd had my sights set on earlier, leave with another guy. I cleaned my station and was ready to go. 

Another bartender asked if I wanted to go to a party. No, I said, I have a date.

I was out the door and in my car driving to where I knew I had to go. I really didn't have any other option. Richard's threat of showing the photos to my family and friends drained me of any free will I might have had left.

I wasn't sure what I'd do or say once I saw him. Argue with him? Reason with him? Fight him? I didn't know, but deep down I had a strong understanding of what was about to take place.

I arrived at his apartment with 15 minutes to spare. I thought about not going inside until the last minute, but the waiting would have driven me crazy. I locked the car, went inside, climbed the flight of stairs then knocked on his door. He had a big smile on his face when he opened the door.

"Sweetie, so good to see you, and you're early, as well. That's a sign of good character. Your mother did a fine job of raising you. I'll compliment her the next time we speak."

It was if I'd been hit with crushing blow to my belly. The mention of my mother drained the life from me. There was no way I could ever let her see those awful photographs. 

Once inside I noticed he was wearing a robe and slippers. He guided me to the kitchen table.

"I want you to look at these", he said.

Neatly arranged on the table were dozens of photographs of me and Richard, or I should say, of me and Richard's penis. The hair stood straight on the back of my neck. The cold reality of the situation hit me hard. There wasn't going to be an argument; there wouldn't be a 'reasonable discussion'; I knew anything I had to say would fall on deaf ears. I clearly understood what I had to do.

I turned away from the table, my face beet red, my spirit dampened.

"Sweetie, don't worry about a thing. No one but you and I need ever see these pictures. Okay?"

I remained silent.

"Okay?" he repeated.

"Okay" I said. 

Then he hit me hard again: "Later, we'll watch the videos we made last night. Won't that be fun?"

I was stunned. Videos? Oh, God.

"But first, it's been a long day without seeing you. Come here and give me a kiss."

I was lifeless. I walked to him like a zombie. He put his arms around me and kissed my lips. I didn't respond.

"Sweetie, we'll go over all the rules later, but for now, I want you to clearly understand that your only responsibility now is to obey me, you'll do whatever I tell you to do immediately and without hesitation, you'll be enthusiastic and you'll perform eagerly, and to the best of your abilities. If I find you lacking in any of these traits, you will be punished. And you will not enjoy the punishment. Oh, and never forget, I have the photos and videos from last night, and tomorrow I'll have the photos and videos we make tonight, and I would not feel any remorse showing everything to your mother, your family, your friends and your co-workers. Have I made myself clear?"

"Yes, yes sir."

He laughed. "You can call me Richard. Now let's try that kiss one more time."

There was nowhere to go. No other choice. If I didn't do my best my life would be destroyed.

We embraced and our lips met again. A long, lingering kiss. I ran my hands over his back. He owned me. It was my duty to keep him happy and satisfied.

"Sweetie" he smiled. "That was much better. Now take your clothes off."

I didn't hesitate. I stripped-off my clothes and stood naked before him.

"Very nice,..very, very nice." He said.

"I'm going to have you take a shower, but first, I've been thinking of your touch all day; take off my robe and caress me."

He was naked beneath the robe. His penis was semi-erect, and my open hand went to his balls then upwards over his penis then back to his balls. I ran my other hand over his breasts and nipples. All the while we kissed deeply and lovingly. His penis was soon hard.

"Sweetie, I can't wait any longer. Get on your knees and suck my cock."

The crudeness of his command didn't bother me. After all, I was resigned to my fate.

I dropped to my knees on the kitchen floor, wet my lips then took his penis into my mouth. I sucked his penis the way he'd taught me the night before. Soon, I felt my own penis rise in pleasure. 

As long as I had to service him anyway, I thought, I may as well enjoy it, too.

"Sweetie, look at me" he ordered. His penis in my mouth, I looked into his eyes. "Rule #1, whenever you suck my cock, you are to swallow every drop of my cum. If you miss even one drop – you will receive a spanking. Do you understand?" I nodded. "Good, boy -- keep sucking."

Soon, his hips involuntarily began pumping his penis deeper into my mouth. My hand increased the tempo on his shaft, and my lips and tongue worked furiously to make him cum. 

At first he gave a deep groan then he grasped my head, pumped his penis in-and-out of my mouth then he started cumming; load-after-load of thick, creamy jizz. I ran my tongue over his penis slit lapping up his cum and swallowing every drop. 

When he pulled his penis from my mouth he said: "Lick it clean." 

I did as I was told; he was pleased. "Sweetie, you're going to make a wonderful little queer-boy!"

I cringed when I heard 'queer-boy'.

He took my hand and led me to the bathroom. He fumbled with a strange looking device; a small rubber ball with a hose and nozzle attached. He filled the ball with soap and warm water.

"Sweetie, watch and learn. You'll be doing this yourself from now on."

He gave me the device and said, "Sweetie, stand with your bottom over the toilet, that's a good boy. Here, take this from me". I did. "Now insert the nozzle into your bottomhole as far as it will go."

It was uncomfortable. "Now, Sweetie, squeeze the rubber ball until all of the water has gone inside you. Do not spill any water. Clench your sphincter and hold it inside you."

I did as I was told. The warm water in my bottom wreaked havoc with my insides. I had an overwhelming desire to sit on the toilet and 'let go'. 

Good God! This must be an enema, I thought.

He stopped me from sitting. "Wait, wait, give it a little more time."

My belly was churning in agony. If I wasn't allowed to sit soon I was afraid I'd go all over the floor.

"Okay, Sweetie, sit down now and let it all out of you."

As soon as my bottom hit the toilet seat I let go. A raging torrent of water, and whatever else, flowed out of my hole. What a relief!

"Sweetie, sit there until you're absolutely sure everything is out of you then wipe yourself clean and take a quick shower, okay". 

"Okay" I said. He left the room. I was embarrassed; when he said 'wipe yourself clean' he made me feel like a child.

The hot water from the shower felt wonderful but I was afraid of taking too long so it was a fast shower. I dried myself and was about to walk naked into the living room when he suddenly came into the bathroom again.

"Sweetie, you have one more duty to perform in here."

From the medicine cabinet he produced a long, thin metal tube about a half inch in diameter, and a bottle of liquid. He coated the tube with the liquid. I was amazed the liquid didn't drip off the tube. He handed me the tube.

"Sweetie, from now on, whenever I tell you to prepare for bed, you will go to the bathroom and perform each of these rituals, okay?"

"Okay" I meekly said.

"Now, this liquid will lubricate your bottomhole; it will get you ready for my cock if I decide to fuck you. Do you understand?"

"Yes, yes Richard."

"Good boy. Now slide it in-and-out of your bottomhole."

I did as I was told. He watched intently and told me to go deeper. I did. He told me to squeeze more liquid on the tube. I pulled it out of my bottom; put more liquid on the tube and reinserted it into my hole.

It wasn't an awful feeling, as-a-matter of fact my penis enjoyed it. It grew and grew as I slid the tube deeply in-and-out of my hole. My face turned red as Richard laughed at my lengthening penis.

"I have a feeling you're going to love being my queer-boy!"

Again I winced when he said 'queer-boy'.

"Sweetie, that should be enough for now. Take it out of your bottom and clean it with soap and water." I did as I was told. 

He took my hand and we walked into the living room. He was wearing his robe and I was naked. 

"Your outfit is on the sofa – put it on."

The panties and nightie were pink. I also saw what looked to be a black garter belt and nylon stockings. I didn't know how to put on stockings. He showed me how.

When I was dressed I stood in front of a mirror; he was behind me, reaching around and stroking my chest, my thighs and my crotch.

"Sweetie, always stand with your legs apart so I have total access to your body. Okay?"

"Yes, Richard." It was a subtle reminder that my body was no longer my own.

My penis was rock hard in my panties. His hand felt wonderful. From his pocket he produced what looked to be a tiny belt. It looked very strange. 

"Lower your panties."

I hooked my thumbs in my panties like he taught me the night before and wriggled my hips and lowered them to just above my knees. He reached down between us and took hold of my balls. In one motion he wrapped the tiny belt around the base of my scrotum, pulled it tight, and latched it closed. It hurt a lot at first, and it felt strange wearing it, but it made my penis look even bigger and harder; and my ball sac looked huge. 

"Sweetie, I've just cinched your balls. This will be another thing you will do yourself whenever I tell you. Okay?"

"Okay."

"Good. Now pull up your panties."

I did as I was told.

He handed me a joint. I smoked most of it.

We stood near the end of the bed kissing, and fondling. My hand caressing his penis and balls; his hand caressing my penis through the sheer material of my panties. Our lips and tongues exploring each others' mouths. I was drifting off into another fog.

"Take off your panties" he ordered.

He took the panties from me and said, "Place your head and shoulders on the bed."

I was bending over for him. I spread my legs wider apart.

"Good boy", he said. "Reach back with your hands and pull apart your bottomcheeks."

I did as I was told. I felt the rush of air on my hole. Then I felt the head of his penis rubbing up-and-down my crack. It would pause at my hole, as if to enter me, then slowly move up-and-down. He was teasing me. It worked – I wanted to feel his penis inside me.

"Sweetie, take hold of my cock and put it in your hole."

I grasped his hard penis and placed the head against my hole. I pushed back against it. I felt the head enter my hole. I continued to push back against him. I had another inch inside me. I felt the same as last night: the feeling that I had a big turd inside me and needed to shit, but I knew he wouldn't pull out tonight. I knew I'd better ready myself for a long, hard ass-fucking. 

I struggled to keep my sphincter loose for him. From time-to-time he pinched my bottom to remind me. Inch-after-inch of his hard penis pushed into my bottomhole until finally he exclaimed, "Ahhh...it's all in – you've taken my whole cock!"

He rubbed my penis through my panties as he sawed in-and-out of my hole. I groaned with every thrust of his cock. I had NEVER felt anything like this in my entire life. It was incredible!

My penis ached for release. The cum was churning in my balls but it wouldn't come out; I was unable to cum. I fully understood the cinching of my balls. It was fiendish: I was moaning and trembling with desire, everything gone from my mind except for the feel of his hard penis thrusting in-and-out of me.

I could feel every vein on his penis. It was delicious! 

Suddenly he unsnapped the device and my balls were free. He furiously stroked my penis with the panties.

"Cum for me, Sweetie."

And I did. My body spasmed uncontrollably. My eyes rolled back in my head.

OH MY GOD!! 

"I'M CUMMING IN MY PANTIES, RICHARD – I'M CUMMING IN MY PANTIES, RICHARD – I'M CUMMING IN MY PANTIES, RICHARD...."

Then I felt his penis throb inside me. He grunted and screamed as he shot load-after-load of his hot cum inside my bottomhole. I moaned into the pillow. I was vanquished. I loved the feel of his hard cock shooting semen in my bottomhole. I really was his 'queer-boy' now; his cum-slut; his bitch!

He presented the cum-filled panties to my face. 

"Clean your panties" he ordered.

I took them in my mouth and cleaned my own cum off the panties.

A wave of shame and guilt overcame me.

Who am I? I asked myself. What kind of person am I?

A short time later we were sitting on the sofa watching a video from last night. He was wearing his robe; he had given me a fresh pair of pink lace panties – they felt wonderful. My right arm was around his shoulders; my left hand was between his legs holding his balls.

"A good queer-boy holds his man's balls for him", he had said.

I was aghast at what we were watching. There I was, in living color, on my knees slobbering over his penis and enjoying it. I'd made the right decision: I didn't want ANYONE to see this. I didn't want anyone to see what a faggot I'd become.

We watched a while longer then Richard commanded, "Caress me." And I did. I was beginning to like playing with his cock and balls. They were smooth; they were warm to the touch. Soon he had a full erection. I was amazed he could do that with so little rest.

He turned off the tv and led me to the bed. He lay down on his back, and had me lay on top of him. I put my arms around him and we kissed. He was stroking my back through my nightie – it felt good.

Then he had me kiss my way down his body. His neck and arms; his chest; his nipples; his belly and thighs. Suddenly I was kneeling between his legs. He pulled his knees to his chest then pulled them apart.

"Kiss my asshole", he ordered.

I snapped out of my reverie. I tentatively lowered my face. There was a pungent odor coming from his hole. I held my breath, puckered my lips and gave his hole a very light kiss. I had a bad feeling I wouldn't be able to go through with this.

"Lick my asshole", he commanded.

I pushed my tongue out but couldn't do it. I told myself I had to stick my tongue in his hole but I couldn't bring my face any closer to it.

Suddenly, Richard told me to stand up. He sat on the edge of the bed and looked over to the chair where my clothes lay neatly folded.

"Bring me the belt from your slacks."

I did as I was told. It was wide leather belt. I shivered in anticipation.

"Nice", he said as he doubled-up the belt. "Lower your panties."

I obeyed immediately, lowering my panties to above my knees.

"Lay across my lap" he said.

He didn't appear angry or mad. It was all said so matter-of-factly I figured he'd maybe give me a light spanking and a scolding.

Boy was I wrong!

I could hear the belt whoosh through the air before it landed on my bottom. SMACK! I yelped in surprise, and a little pain.

SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK.

By this time I was in considerable pain. Tears welled in my eyes, but I vowed I wouldn't cry. He stopped for a moment and rubbed my bottom.

"You're a very lucky boy", he said.

Lucky? This is lucky?

"You're lucky I believe punishment should be severe enough to make you not want it again."

Then I heard the familiar whoosh and felt the leather smack my bottomcheeks.

SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK.

My tears let loose. I was sobbing uncontrollably. The pain was unbearable.

SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK.

"Do you want to lick my asshole now?"

Tears were flowing from my eyes onto the carpet. "Yes...yes...yes I want to lick your asshole!"

SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK.

He pushed me off his lap onto the floor. "Kneel between my legs and ask me nicely to let you lick my asshole."

I was crying like a little girl. "PLEASE...please let me lick your asshole, Richard."

"Don't you want to kiss it, too?"

Yes...yes, please Richard. Please let me kiss and lick your asshole-please let me kiss and lick your asshole-please let me kiss and lick your asshole."

Richard rolled backwards and opened his legs. I put my lips around his asshole and began kissing and licking it. I curled my tongue and pushed it inside him. I tongue-fucked his asshole.

"Sweetie, from now on whenever I get in this position, and it will be every day, you will make love to my asshole with your lips and tongue. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Richard."

"Now suck my balls!" he ordered.

His sac was too big to fit in my mouth. He chuckled, "One at a time, Sweetie.

I sucked a ball into my mouth and bathed it with my tongue. Over-and-over my tongue washed his ball. Then he tapped me on the head and said, "Suck the other one."

I had his balls in my mouth a long time. Alternating between the two. I knew when he tapped me on the head I was to switch. He was training me well.

Finally he said, "Sweetie, lick my cock!"

And I did as I was told. I now understood nothing else mattered except obeying Richard. This was my new life, and it wouldn't be bad as long as I obeyed him. It even had fringe benefits. My own cock was fully hard again, and he'd already given me the best orgasms I had ever had.

"Sweetie, take off your panties."

I shivered. I knew he wanted to fuck my ass again.

He lay back on the bed; his magnificent penis standing proudly erect.

"You're going to be on top. Place your knees on either side of me and put the head of my cock in your hole."

Oh my God! My legs were stretched far apart. My bottomhole hovering over his hard penis. I grasped his penis in my hand and placed the head against my hole. My asshole was sore from the first fucking, but I resolved to obey him. I pushed down against his penis and the head went inside me. He stopped me there.

"Here, Sweetie. Put these on your nipples."

He handed me a chain connected at both ends with clamps. I opened one clamp and attached it to my left nipple. I winced in pain. Then I attached the other clamp. They hurt; they had my nipples trapped in pain.

"Now reach behind you with both hands and hold my balls." I did as I was told. "Now lower yourself all the way down my cock. I want you to stop when you feel my pubic hair on your bottomcheeks."

It took every fiber of strength and determination I had to take his whole cock inside me. It was unbelievably difficult to keep my sphincter loose enough to slide down his cock, but I did it. 

When I felt his pubes on my bottom I exclaimed with glee, "I did it! I've taken your whole cock in my ass."

He chuckled and smiled, "Good girl! Now commence fucking and look me in the eyes while you do it."

He was right! I was his 'girl'. I slowly raised my hips then lowered them down onto his cock. There was some pain, but I could feel twinges of pleasure, too. After a while, he told me to go faster. I stared deep into his eyes. I was transfixed by his eyes. I thrust harder-and-harder on his cock.
