 I stayed close to Richard's car the entire way to the hotel. I didn't want to risk displeasing him again. My bottom was a painful reminder of what happened when I made him angry.

The room, or I should say suite, was huge and classy. It looked very expensive. Richard must be doing very well for himself, I thought.

"Strip to your panties!" he suddenly ordered. "Whenever we're in here, you're only allowed to wear your panties. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Richard," I answered as I immediately stripped off my clothes. I was standing near Richard wearing just the white lace panties he had me put on that morning. He sat down and began to speak.

"I have four weeks of work left to do in this town. I own a very profitable company, and I'm working on a major deal here."

Four weeks? I wondered. I felt a glimmer of hope.

He continued: "I'll be gone 4-5 hours every day. I will give you little 'projects' to keep you busy while I'm working. I expect you to complete those projects and give 100% effort. Anything less is unsatisfactory, and you will be punished. Do you understand?"

"Yes...yes, Richard."

"I spoke with your boss on my cell phone on the way here. I told him you'd need a leave of absence and he said okay. When is your rent due, on the first?" I nodded. "I'll pay your next month's rent. You won't be going back to your apartment until I'm finished with you."

Finished with me? It sounded so degrading.

"I will allow you to speak with your family and friends on the phone. I will give you a cover story, and I'll be next to you when you make the calls. Any deviation from the cover story and you'll be punished. Understand?"

"Yes, Richard."

"Before I leave town, I will give you a sum of money. It will be up to you as to how much you get. If you don't perform well; if you don't give 100% effort; if you disobey me in any way, it won't be very much. But if you are eager and willing to obey, and perform the way I think you can, it will be a substantial amount of money. Are you able to agree with those terms?"

Did I have a choice?

"Yes, Richard." I felt strangely happy and positive.

He stood and came to me. We kissed.

"As you've already noticed, I have a very strong libido. My cock gets hard at the slightest thought of sex. It is your sole duty to keep me sexually satisfied. Morning -- noon -- and night -- whenever I get a hard-on. Sweetie, do you understand me?"

"Yes, Richard." We embraced and kissed, and I held him close.

"Get on your knees -- open my pants -- take out my cock -- and suck me off!"

"Yes, Richard." I did as I was told.

I felt renewed. I had hope. Four weeks? I can do that. I sucked him the way he liked it. I sucked his wonderful penis with abandon. My penis grew rock-hard inside my panties. 

Soon I heard his groan and doubled my efforts. I really loved sliding my lips over his smooth penis. His cockhead felt exquisite on my tongue. Finally, he rewarded me with his orgasm. I greedily sucked his cock and swallowed his cum. When he was finished I cleaned his cock with my tongue.

He helped me stand. He took hold of my penis through my panties and caressed it. My balls ached for release. He suddenly released it.

"Sweetie, I will also decide when and how you orgasm. If I'm generous, I may let you cum in your panties every day. Or, maybe not!" He smiled in my face. "Do you understand?"

"Yes...yes, Richard." I managed to say through my panting breath.

We went to the bathroom and he began running a bath. He told me I would be doing this 3 times a day. He showed me how to add liquid from two different bottles.

"One is scented bubble bath, the other is a special skin softener." He said. "I want your skin as soft as a girls. After all, you are MY girl."

On the vanity was a big hour-glass filled with sand. He had me turn over the hour-glass and get in the tub.

"When the sand is completely on the bottom -- you can get out of the tub. Don't fall asleep. If you don't get out of the bath in time -- you'll be punished!" He left the room.

Oh, God, this felt good. Luxurious. Soothing. So relaxing. It smelled good, too -- not too girly. I sat back and waited for the hour-glass to let me know when to get out. Now I knew why he mentioned falling asleep. It was everything I could do to stay awake in the bubble bath. 

I estimated it took 30 minutes for the hour-glass to run its course. I drained and cleaned the tub, and as per his instructions, I took a brief shower to wash off the remaining soap. 

He had left an outfit for me to wear -- sheer black panties and a red nightie. I dressed and joined him in the bedroom.

"Feeling refreshed?" he asked. He was naked, lying on the bed.

"Yes, that was wonderful!" I exclaimed. I saw his hard cock waving in the air. This man was amazing!

"I knew you'd enjoy it. You'll enjoy this, too --kneel between my legs. I won't fuck your ass for a few days, we'll let it heal up first. It's time you had a long session between my legs! Here, cinch your balls!" 

He handed me the small strap from before. I lowered my panties, cinched my balls tightly, then raised my panties. He watched my every move. Then I climbed between his legs and serviced him. 

He kept me busy every minute. My hands -- my mouth -- my lips -- my tongue. He was insatiable. I sucked his balls a long time. Then it was his cock. After he came, he made me lick his asshole. I tongue-fucked his asshole for 15-20 minutes until his cock was hard again. Then it was his balls again then finally his cock. 

All the while my hard penis throbbed and ached inside my panties. I was delirious with pleasure, but unable to cum. My mind was completely enveloped by fog. It didn't matter at all that I had my tongue in his asshole, or his balls in my mouth. It was as though I was performing natural, every day activities. 

The front of my panties were soaked with pre-cum. I was shaking -- trembling. My cock was on the edge of exploding, but never could. I lost track of the number of times he came in my mouth.

Finally he had me move beside him on the bed. He caressed my hard penis through the panties. I groaned like a bitch in heat. His fingers became slick with my pre-cum and he had me clean them off with my tongue.

"I'm not going to let you cum today," he said.

I wanted to cry but fought back the tears.

Later, he had me take another bath. It was soooo relaxing! When I was done I put on a fresh outfit and joined Richard in the living room. He'd ordered room service and we feasted on lobster and filet. 

"Did you masturbate in the bath tub?" he asked.

My face turned red. He studied me closely. "No...no, I wouldn't do that!" I said, shaking my head vehemently from side-to-side. 

"I believe you," is all he said.

When it was bedtime, he made me cinch my balls again. I climbed between his legs and serviced his penis, balls and asshole. When he shot his second load into my waiting mouth he said: "Enough -- go to sleep."

I fell in a heap beside him. My penis throbbing, pushing hard against my panties. It took a long time to fall asleep.

In the morning, he nudged me awake. 

"It's time for your morning duty," he said.

I climbed between his legs. I stared at him awaiting instructions.

"Who are you? Why are you here?" 

"I'm your queer-boy -- I belong to you," I said. "I'm here to keep you sexually satisfied."

"How are you going to do that?"

"I'll get on my knees and suck your cock and swallow your cum whenever you want. I'll kiss and lick your asshole when you tell me to. I'll take down my panties and bend over so you can fuck me in the ass anytime you want!" These are the words I had to say to him every morning.

He lifted his legs and my lips and tongue went straight to his asshole. Then I licked and sucked his balls. Finally, his hard penis was in my mouth. I serviced his cock a long time before he came in my mouth.

After my bath, I sat on Richard's lap. I caressed his cock and balls. He stroked my breasts. My nipples became hard.

He studied them. "We need to lengthen your nipples." I didn't know what he meant.

There was a knock on the door then I heard a key and the door opened. It was a young, Hispanic man. He was dressed in what appeared to be a houseman's uniform. He obviously worked at the hotel. 

"Buenos dias, Enrique," greeted Richard.

"Buenos dias," he answered.

"This is the boy I was telling you about." I saw Enrique smile.

"Sweetie, Enrique will be looking after you when I'm not here. You will obey him as you obey me. Do you understand?"

"Yes...yes, Richard," I said, unsure of what this was about.

"I promised you'd give him the best blow-job he's ever had. Don't disappoint me. If he tells me one negative thing about you -- I'll give you another belt-whipping. Sweetie, you don't want that, do you?" I shook my head from side-to-side. "Now promise me that you'll obey Enrique!"

"I...I promise to obey him, Richard."

"Good boy," he patted my head. "Get on your knees and go to him."

The blood drained from my face as I obeyed. I walked on my knees to where Enrique stood. I'd never felt so humiliated in my life.

"Take out his cock and balls and service him," I heard Richard say.

I did as I was told; keenly aware of Richard studying my performance. 

After I swallowed Enrique's cum, I cleaned his cock and replaced it in his pants. 

Enrique said, "Gracias, Ricardo," and left the room.

Now my shame was complete. I'd sucked the penis of a hotel worker. Furthermore, he would be back and make me do it again.

"Sweetie, stay on your knees and come over here," Richard commanded.

When I was between his legs Richard said, "Suck me off!" 

I did my best to please him. My jaws and mouth were finally getting accustomed to opening wide to accommodate a hard cock. 

We went to the bedroom. He had me take off my panties. There was some sort of exercise contraption near a wall with a metal bar that was waist high. He told me to rest my belly on the bar and bend over. I heard him searching for something.

When he came back he attached a leather cuff to my right hand and another cuff to my right ankle. He cuffed my left hand and ankle, as well. I couldn't move. I couldn't stand up. I was firmly bent over unable to move.

He left then returned with two large metal balls connect by chains. He clamped one of my nipples and gently lowered the ball until it was hanging a foot from the floor. 

"AAHHHHH..." I shouted as pain surged through my body. Then he attached another weighted ball to my other nipple. I was in agony. My face contorted; my body writhing in pain.

"These are 5 pound weights. You'll wear them today and when I get home we'll see how much longer your nipples are," he said matter-of-factly.

Richard left the room to shower and shave.

OH MY GOD THEY HURT!!!!!

Richard returned and dressed. He came over and stooped to kiss me on the lips then went behind me.

I felt a cool liquid on my bottomhole. He used a tube to lube my hole. Then he inserted something else inside me. It was long and slick and filled my hole. Then a belt was fastened around my waist, and I heard a 'click'.

"That should do it," I heard him say. "Sweetie, you are now wearing a chastity belt. I told Enrique he could use your mouth and hands, but not your bottom. This will make sure he doesn't fuck that sweet ass of yours -- that belongs to me! Bye, Sweetie, I have to go to work."

And he was gone.

I had never felt such pain in my life. My nipples were twisting and turning with every movement of the swinging metal balls. I fought hard to stay still and not let the weights swing needlessly.

I was there a long time; I may have passed out from the pain. It was unbearable. Then I heard the bedroom door open. THANK GOD, RICHARD WAS HOME!!!

"Ah, hahaha, my little chica. You look so beautiful in that position -- so helpless!" It was Enrique. My heart sank. "Ricardo called me and said you might need to use this."

He was in front of me now. I could see a small bucket. He put it between my legs and placed his hand on my soft penis.

"Go, chica, go pee-pee for Enrique."

I was past humiliation. I let go and a torrent of piss rushed from me into the bucket. Enrique laughed and goaded me the whole time.

When I was done he left and emptied the bucket in the toilet. He came back and stood behind me. I felt his hand on my bottom. He was examining my chastity belt.

He chuckled. "Oh, Ricardo, you don't trust Enrique?" He laughed again then came around in front of me.

My head was pointing down. He lifted my face by my chin. His pants were down and his hard penis was pointed at my mouth.

"Chica, open wide for Enrique." I did as I was told.

He stood close to me. He grabbed my ears and slid his cock in-and-out of mouth.

"Ohhh, chica...my little puta...suck my cock, puta!"

I wanted it to end. I did the best I could without the use of my hands. I lathered his cockhead with my tongue. I sucked furiously. I began to taste his pre-cum. I worked harder. His cock fucked my face faster-and-faster. My own cock was rigid.

Suddenly he shouted: "OOOHHH PUTA -- PUTA -- SUCK HARDER -- EAT MY CUM BITCH -- EAT MY CUM!!"

I managed to swallow all of his cum.

When he was finished, he wiped his cum-slicked penis on my face.

"Oh, chica -- nice, nice." He patted my head and left.

I couldn't help it! He used me like a slut and I was ashamed. I burst out crying. Tears flowed freely from my eyes and fell silently to the carpet. 

I was now alone. Strapped to a bar, bending over with weights attached to my nipples. The pain was gone; all I felt was numbness. All this was happening because I was ashamed people would find out that I'm queer. 

Huh? Did I just admit that I'm gay? A battle raged in my mind.

I'm not gay, I argued. I love girls; I love their breasts, their pussy's; the softness of their skin; their laughter when I tell a joke.

Oh, yeah? What about the sex? Perfunctory, at best. You hate eating cunt. They'd rarely give you a blow job, and if they did, they would never swallow. You had to listen to their silliness, before and after sex. You hated it if they stayed the entire night.

The battle in my mind went on and on. 

I didn't hear the bedroom door open. Suddenly a hand was stroking my bottom. I flinched.

Richard laughed. Yes, it was Richard's voice. I felt safe. I was overjoyed he had come home.

"Sweetie, did you miss me?" he asked.

I was honest. "Oh...yes, Richard. I missed you so much!"

He moved away and I heard him undressing. I heard the unmistakable sound of the zipper on his trousers being pulled down. My penis twitched and became semi-erect.

"Did Enrique help you pee?" he asked.

"Yes, Richard."

"Did he use your mouth?"

"Yes, Richard."

"Good. You're going to suck other men's cocks, too. Get used to it."

"Yes, Richard." My penis became fully erect when I heard those words.

Richard came to me and stroked my penis. He chuckled.

"The idea of sucking other men's cocks excites you -- doesn't it, Sweetie?"

My mind said no, but my penis said yes. He laughed at my silence.

He carefully removed the weights from my nipples. He unfastened me from the bar, and helped me to stand. My nipples now ached. He held me and caressed me. We kissed a long time. He stroked my shoulders; my neck; my back and my chest. He leaned down and kissed and licked my nipples. They became hard. He was very pleased.

"Sweetie...sweetie, look at your nipples!"

I looked down. They were hard and almost an inch in length. I was appalled, yet fascinated. 

"Sweetie, this is good for you. You now have another erogenous zone. Your breasts and nipples will excite you as much as your cock and bottomhole. You really are blossoming into 'my little girl'." 

There was undeniable tenderness in his voice.

He led me to the bed and sat on the edge. His hands pushed my shoulders downward. I kneeled between his legs. He fed me his penis and I sucked at it with languor. When he finished, I cleaned his penis with my tongue. I felt oddly contented.

We settled into a routine. 

When Richard was at work, he required me to exercise constantly: sit-ups and push-ups. Between my baths and exercises, I was busy when he was gone.

And, of course, there was Enrique.

Enrique would 'visit' me twice a day and use my mouth when Richard was gone. This became a familiar routine as well.

I would be on my knees; open his pants and pull them down (he never would get naked); he'd turn around and spread his cheeks and I would lather his asshole with my lips and tongue; then turn around again and present his balls to my mouth. He loved me sucking his balls because I could fit his whole ball sac in my mouth. Then I would suck his penis and swallow his cum. All the while he would be talking. Calling me "Chica" and "Puta", and telling me what a pretty cum-slut I was. My penis ached and throbbed inside my panties -- he never touched me and I never came when I was servicing him.

When Richard arrived home, he was insatiable. Before dinner, he would use my mouth, and once I'd roused his penis again, would fuck me in the ass. I fell in love with his hard cock in my asshole. The heat of it; the feeling of being completely filled; I thrilled at every vein and nuance of his penis.

My orgasms were spectacular! When Richard decided I had earned a treat he would allow me to cum. 

Sometimes he masturbated me with my panties as he fucked me; other times I would fuck myself with the lubricated metal tube while stroking my cock with my panties (he loved watching me); and for a special treat, we would watch the video then recreate the time I straddled his cock, wearing nipple clamps and holding his balls, then slide up-and-down his cock. This was my favorite! I could take his entire cock inside my hole, and my orgasm was explosive! My penis was never touched, but as soon as I felt his hot cum shooting into my ass, I lost it! My cock would burst and I'd spray cum everywhere. It was always absolutely wonderful!

After dinner we would go to the indoor swimming pool. Richard didn't swim, but he made me do thirty minutes of hard swimming: laps from one end of the pool to the other as fast as I could; he would time me. I wore navy blue panties, and they could easily pass for swimming trunks, but if anyone looked closely they'd see the lace trim on the waistband. I didn't care if people noticed.

Life was good; I was in the best shape of my life; we ate fabulous meals; he would initiate interesting conversations, and would actually want to hear my thoughts and opinions. And of course the sex was incredible. I had accepted, and embraced the fact that 'I was his girl'.

I occasionally spoke with my family and a couple friends on the phone. Richard had instructed me to tell them I had a temporary job as 'Personal Assistant' to a very wealthy man. I helped him with scheduling appointments and did computer-related work for his business. I was cheerful and assured everyone this was a great opportunity, and I was making great money. They all bought the story! 

One day while we were sitting and talking, Richard said that Enrique would be stopping by in a couple hours. He was going to bring some friends, and I was going to service all of them. He told me to take a bath and get ready for them.

My heart pounded as I listened to him. I wondered how many hard cocks there would be. We'd had a big breakfast and I worried I'd eaten too much and wouldn't be able to swallow all their cum. My penis began to rise in my panties. When he was finished talking, I went off to take my bath.

Richard had set-up a video camera while I was bathing. I didn't care -- what difference could another sex video make?

Richard had me cinch my balls: "We don't want any accidents while you're performing," he said.
