 My stories that are posted under "That Moment When..." are supposed to be short stories to help stimulate your mind to the possibilities of how they could play out. That makes for great reading as you can usually see several ways. However, when I posted this in a much shorter version elsewhere, my readers kept asking for it to continue, so it is a much longer story that most in this series, but I like the way it plays out!...Thanks for reading and commenting! G

*****

That Moment When...

...you realize that your life as you know it is about to change.

My name is Bryan, I just turned 18. I'm only 5'7" and weigh in at 135 lbs. I have mousy brown hair, and brown eyes, I've been told that I have a cute face, but there is nothing exceptional about me.

When I was three I got some kind of illness that the doctors didn't understand and I ran a high fever for a long time. As I became a teen and didn't grow much I was again taken to the doctor. He said, he thought the sickness that I had when I was younger, stunted my growth some and maybe even delayed my maturing process.

Even my younger brother is taller and more mature looking than I am. I just have small tufts of fuzz under my arms and a fuzzy, but not hairy bush around my almost 5" cock. My dad and my brothers are all 6' tall and taller, have athletic bodies and plenty of body hair.

I do like to run and play tennis, so I keep my body tight and have a nice ass. Working with weights doesn't seem to add much to my body, but I do have wide shoulders, have worked my lats and like it that I still have a 28" waist.

I had known that I am gay for quite a while, but have never done anything with any other boys. The first day of my senior year in high school a new guy walked into my first class. He is gorgeous! He calls himself Jet, and looks amazing!

At 5'10" he isn't a lot taller than me, but he is built. With a head of closely cropped thick hair and a tight tan body, I almost swooned. Broad muscled shoulders and chest, although there were other seats available he smiled and came and sat right next to me. The room is set up with tables and two chairs each. He could have easily had a table to himself, but chose to sit with me, don't think I didn't notice that!

My eyes were glued to him when he made his way to my table. It was a very warm spring day and he was wearing a low cut muscle tank and well-fitting board shorts. The tank revealed his muscled biceps, shoulders, and a thick chest, and the thick patch of dark hair between them almost made me pre-cum. The board shorts were tight and a nice bulge in front and a muscled high rise butt in back finished the package. Well, that didn't mention his thickly haired muscled calves!

He sat right next to me and extended his big hand with a big white smile and introduced himself as Jet. He had moved here from the coast so I'm sure he was a surfer. When he moved I noticed two things immediately, the thick patch of dark hair under his arms and a thick manly scent about him, even though it was morning!

Before the class started he asked me a few things about the teachers he had, then smiled, placed his hand on my thigh, squeezed tightly and said, "We're going to be buds, I can tell!"

We didn't have any other classes together until last period and he was in my gym class. He was only a couple of lockers away, and I got a glimpse of his thick muscle butt while we were changing. His ass consisted of two large smooth muscle cheeks, but when he bent over to put on his jock, they splayed a bit and he has a thickly haired crack. I know I was panting, and I pulled on my shirt quick to hide my immediate boner!

We did different things in gym class...I was giving tennis lessons and he was working out with weights. When class was over, school was over for the day. Jet walked up to me with a big smile on his face and said, "Good, you don't shower either, I didn't because I'm going to run home, wanna go?"

He told me where he lives and it's not far from me so I agreed. When we got to where we would separate if I was going go on to my house, he invited me over. Well I've got to say if he looked gorgeous when he walked into homeroom, he looked amazing, pumped from working out, and sweaty from running. Before I could answer he raised his arm, whiffed his pit and said, "Fuck I smell good, catch a whiff," and effortlessly he pulled my face to his pit.

I couldn't even respond, my face felt like it was on fire, and my heart was beating so hard, I thought I'd pass out. He said, "Come on stud!" and took off running.

I stood there for a second and watched his amazing body and ass working as he jogged off. The sight of the sweaty crack of his muscle butt wasn't wasted on me, and I just followed. I caught up with him and he had a big smile on his face.

When we got to his house, no one was home. We went into the kitchen and he grabbed us both a bottle of water from the frig. We went to his room and he peeled off his shirt revealing his thick hairy chest, tight abs, with a thick dark trail descending to his shorts. I just glanced at the even thicker more protruding bulge and excused myself to the bathroom that was in his room.

I felt I needed to be somewhat butch, so although I pushed the door halfway shut, I didn't close it like I was scared to pee in front of someone. I kept taking deep breaths trying to calm myself down. Just being in his presence was a huge turn on, but the aroma of him and his sweat was playing with my sexual senses in ways I'd never experienced.

I looked at myself in the mirror, I was a bit disheveled, but didn't do anything about it, I thought it made me look a bit more butch. I was sweaty too, and could even catch a slight whiff of my own sweaty scent. I took one more deep breath and told myself this was just a new guy wanting a new bud, and walked into his bedroom and found him sitting on the edge of his bed totally naked!

Jet was lounging back a bit with his big thick cock standing up high and totally hard, and his big, sweaty, hairy nut sack hanging down low. He had a serious look on his face that turned to a smile, and I could catch his scent even from a few feet away. The thick dark bush around his cock wasn't wasted on me, and as he smiled he said, "I got the idea from the moment I laid eyes on you, that you might be someone who would appreciate this site!"

I immediately said, "Well, uhm, no, I'm not..."

"Don't worry with excuses and bullshit, you have a hot little body, strip off and let me see it, don't hesitate, do it NOW!"

More by reflex than anything, as he had used about the same tone of voice my dad used when he wanted immediate action, I stripped my shirt off and then he nodded at my shorts and I peeled them off along with my jock.

It was the first time in my life anyone had ever seen me naked and hard!

Then he smiled and said, "You have a nice tight body, I like it that you keep your small boyish body in shape, keep it up! When I lived in Long Beach I had two guys very similar to you, they were also smaller and had nice bodies and they craved having a body like mine. So I'll hang out with you, but you're going to suck my big cock and do whatever else I want sexually and that will feed your need to be around a real man!"

"Now neither of them were really very good at sucking cock, but now I've learned that I need to train a boy to pleasure me, and your training starts today!"

I again shook my head and started to protest, but he interrupted me again and said, "It's no use, I know what you want and need and I'm going to take care of that, but in return you're going to give me what I want and need and in a week or two you're going to be one of the best cocksuckers around. As long as you do what I tell you, I'll keep it a secret and even protect you from bullies if you have any problems, but you will become my bitch and service me as you're trained! So now, get on your knees between my legs and start with licking my big, sweaty, hairy ball sack and then I'm going to let you suck my cock and teach you how to do it well!"

"But..."

"No buts, just get down there and do it, you're going to learn to love my balls, my cock, my scent, and even my sweaty butthole...NOW!"

In under two seconds, I was on the floor between his legs lapping at his sweaty, hairy balls, the scent was so overwhelming I almost shot my load in the first few seconds, but he told me I could only cum when he said so! As I started I had butterflies in my stomach of proportions I'd never experienced before, but I loved the taste, scent, and feel of his hairy ball sack and big balls!

Five minutes later my grateful tongue was wet and licking up and down his shaft getting my first taste of precum! He praised me, and then said, "This week we train on cocksucking, next week I'm going to penetrate that high and tight virgin muscle butt that you're so proud of, now don't be scared, you're going to learn to love that too!"

The hair on his ballsack and the thick bush around his cock tickled my nose and lips. His scent was strong and amazing and was making me almost dizzy. While I was licking his ballsack I could get whiffs of a much stronger and denser scent below but decided to stay where I was, that I might pass out if I got too far into his crack.

As soon as he told me to, I ran my tongue up his thick shaft and about halfway up I was met by some sweet, slick salty precum! I had tasted my own a lot but loved his, because it was much more full-bodied. The first swipe of my tongue across his piss slit made it ooze a lot me and I loved it!

Jet said, "That's it, cocksucker, go ahead and wrap your lips around the head, but watch your teeth, got it?" I just shook my head yes and slipped my slick lips over the thick shaft of his manly cock!

Just by instinct, my tongue started running all over the thick head and I heard Jet moan. He put his hand on the back of my head and gently pushed down. I let him have his way without any resistance until his cock hit the back of my throat. This was the first time I'd had a cock in my mouth, so I didn't know what to do, but as soon as I resisted he released the pressure and I slid back up to the tip.

"Good boy, you're going to make a great cocksucker, that tongue action is incredible!"

I immediately took his cock into my mouth again and started slowly sliding up and down letting my tongue dance all over the smooth skin. I was finally doing what I had longed to do for most of my eighteen years, and I loved it. The precum tasted amazing, the scent was just a bonus, and I was afraid I was going to shoot my load because my cock was leaking more precum that I'd ever noticed, it was damn near as much as his!

"Damn cocksucker, you're doing amazing for your first time, you're a natural born cocksucker, now keep trying to take more!"

I did as he said, but as soon as the thick head of his cock hit the opening of my throat I gagged and pulled back. I looked up at him and he smiled. "Well look at that, you have your first cocksucker tears! That always happens and so does the gagging, don't worry about it, we'll get you used to my cock and you'll love the feeling."

He had instructed me to take his cock and let it rest against the opening of my throat, then to swallow and push my tongue forward as I slide his cock into my throat. He said, I'd gag and choke a bit, but my throat would get used to it soon!

I did as he instructed and soon had a gagging and coughing fit! He smiled at me and praised me for trying and told me to just keep it up. I did it about five times with the same results every time. I looked up at him with a questioning face, not sure if I should continue because I couldn't do what he wanted. I wanted to, but it seemed that I couldn't.

He smiled at me and said, "Don't worry cocksucker, you're doing fine for a first try, you will get better I promise!"

With that, he got up off the bed, and I couldn't believe how much I enjoyed watching him walk across the room, seeing his hot muscle butt undulate as he moved with the grace of a cat. Then I was afraid for a minute that this was over. Then I had the pleasure of seeing his totally hard cock bounce just a bit as he walked back.

Jet bent over with a tissue in his hand and wiped my tears and mouth. "You're doing fine, don't worry, this is training, you are going to get a lot better!"

Then he slowly slid a finger into my mouth, and right past my gag reflex and into my throat...I gagged the first three or four times, then it slid in and out easily.

He just kept doing it and I just kept taking it like a little puppy being trained. "You like that don't you?" I shook my head, yes and he said, "The same thing can happen with my cock if you just relax and let it..." Then he slid in a second finger, I flinched for a second, but then it was okay just like the first. He then pulled them out and guided his thick cock to my mouth and I tried to slide right down it, but it was much larger and I gagged again!

After about three tries and some pretty good gagging, Jet pulled out and slid a finger in, then two again, then he pulled my face to his crotch so I could inhale his scent and told me to just close my eyes, breath his scent and relax and let him work my throat with his fingers for a while.

I did as instructed and soon, three fingers followed two, then four followed three, my throat was fine, but I was having problems as most of his hand was in my mouth stretching my lips wide! When he pulled the four fingers out, he slid his cock in and it went right down my throat! I was surprised and happy, and I could tell by his moaning that he was too!

Soon he had me sit on the floor at the end of his bed and my first throat fuck began. He was gentle, but firm and made sure his cock slid in and out of my virgin throat on every stroke. He made me sit on my hands and not touch his gorgeous body although I wanted to badly.

Soon something totally unexpected happened, and all of the sudden I coughed up a huge amount of goo! I was shocked and embarrassed! I started to pull away and tried to wipe it up, but he commanded "NO!"

He explained that this was normal and that goo lubricated my mouth and throat and made it feel amazing for him, and that I should be proud to wear that and let it run down my face and chest to prove my dedication to him and his cock!

This was all unfamiliar to me, but I was where I wanted to be, doing exactly what I had wanted to do for most of my life, so I allowed him to have his way, hell I had to. My cock was so hard and leaking so much and the goo also continued coming out of my throat and mouth so that I couldn't tell what was precum and what was throat goo, but I knew if I touched my little cock, it would fire out a load, and he had told me I couldn't cum until he said so!

I could not believe how much I loved it when his cock slid into my throat and my face was mashed into his thick bush, and sometimes his hairy balls would bounce off my chin. I felt that he was getting close to delivering the first load of cum ever into my mouth or throat as his balls pulled up tight and his cock got harder and thicker than ever, but he stopped!

He held his cock buried in my throat for about 30 seconds and slowly pulled it out. I even felt it pulse a bit, but I didn't think he shot, for some reason he was holding back! When he pulled out he smiled at me, patted my head and said, "Yes cocksucker you are a natural, you are going to be amazing!"

That made me happy, to please this amazing guy!

After a minute Jet had me stand up, I didn't know what to do next, but he positioned me on the bed, on my back with my head close to the edge. Soon his cock was at my face and he rubbed his cock and sweaty balls all over my face, I loved it, I was in heaven, I was etching every second of this interlude into my memory, I knew that even if this never happened again, it would be the fuel for many future masturbation sessions.

Jet moved far enough forward that my nose was for a second nestled into the hairy crack of his smooth muscle butt and even though I hadn't thought about doing that...I loved that scent too!

Soon he had me scoot closer to the edge and open my mouth and his thick cock slid into my mouth, he took his time and for the first time in my life someone played with my nipples and if possible it made my cock harder! He smeared his hand through the puddle of precum that was running out of my cock and said, "Well cocksucker this is some pretty good evidence that you LOVE this!"

He rubbed his fingers on his cock so that I was now getting his precum and mine too. After some tentative strokes of about half of his cock in and out of my mouth, he pushed forward more and it again entered my throat! I liked it even better from this angle and I loved the feeling in my nipples.

He was going slower now and leaving it down my throat longer. He told me he wanted to see how long I could take it, so that when I needed it out to just tap his thigh and he'd move out so I could relax my throat. The time in my throat quickly increase, and I was soon disappointed that he stopped working my nipples, but wondered why he was raising my legs.

Soon I found out as he slid his finger through the clear goo leaking from my throat and then slowly but firmly slid his finger into my virgin hole! It didn't hurt but felt very strange, and soon felt very good!

He was slowly sliding his cock in and out of my throat and his finger in and out of my virgin butt. My head was reeling and when I could breath I was panting and I realized so was Jet. I really didn't see it coming, when suddenly my body heaved and I shot three long thick jets of cum up the front of my body, the second one hitting my chin. 

I heard Jet growl, "Ah fuck, that's so fucking hot, he rammed his cock as deep in my throat as it had ever been and I felt it pulsing his load straight into my stomach!

I just laid there on the bed panting. I just have done 100 times more than I ever expected to do with a guy, and did it in about 45 minutes. It was incredible, and I was about 1000 times more satisfied sexually than I had ever been through all of the years of beating off to much more calm fantasies.

I was almost shocked when Jet leaned in and licked the streams of cum from off my chest and belly and deposited them in my mouth in a very hot kiss. So now I'd done something else I'd never done and that is to kiss a guy! It was hot and amazing. Jet moved in close to me and told me that I had done really well, and he knew that I would keep getting better and better and he intended to give me lots of practice! He asked me if I had liked it and I told him more than I ever imagined.

He said, "Well great, and now we know something else too!"

"What's that?"

"The way you reacted when I slid my finger in your virgin butt...you are going to LOVE my cock in there!"

That kind of scared me for a minute, but before I could think about it anymore he pulled me to him and kissed me again deeply.

I could smell him and I could now smell me, and the scent of man sweat and cum was everywhere! I asked him if we should shower, and he said, "Hell no, we're going to be back at it in under 15 minutes, I don't want to ruin all this hotness!"

Soon we were making out like bandits...neither of our cocks even went down. I was in a state of amazement and loved everything he did to me, he was driving me crazy. Soon I felt his hand on my butt, he was squeezing and massaging then his finger found my hole again, he stuck it in my mouth to get it wet and went back and slid it in. I loved it!

We were kissing passionately when he brought his finger back to my mouth and I wet it again...it was a different finger! The larger finger slipped in and I loved it too. I think he could tell since my kissing went from sparks to stellar! He broke the kiss, rolled me to my stomach and climbed on top of me. I was afraid he was just going to shove his cock in and start fucking me, but instead, he slowly kissed his way down my back and when he started kissing the cheeks of my butt I was in awe!
