 I followed the rugged black man down the street. Hanging onto his out turned pants pocket, I struggled to keep up. I had no idea where he was taking me or what to expect. Mr. Vince had sold me to this nameless black man. I think I over heard the price of $150.00. After the sale, I was immediately dragged from the comfortable confines of Mr. Vince's and taken across town. 

 All I know is that my outfit was not one for public consumption. I was wearing see-thru harem pants and on my feet were espadrilles. Other than those two item of clothing, I was nude. My breast implants jiggled, my nipples hardened in the cool evening air. The Viagra my owner made me take was having it's effect. My little dick bounced, clearly visible through the thin material of my pants, as we hurried down the crowded H Street in what was once the China Town area of Washington, DC. Vietnamese immigrants had taken the place over by the mid 1980's.

 On-lookers snickered at us as we made our way through the tourist traffic. Finally, we reached our destination. Entering a little store front on the corner of 7th Street, we, or rather he was greeted by a Vietnamese woman. She appeared to be in her late 50's. Her dark eyes lit up at the sight of him. 

 Coming around from behind the counter, the little oriental woman bowed with both hands clasped before her. She was resplendent in her ao dais of green and yellow silk. 

 I was envious.

 "Papa san, we are bless with good fortune. Our efforts have paid off greatly and you will be happy with what we have made for you."

 "Mai Lin, I want you to put this faggot to work. I think this mother fucker can make me decent bank giving happy ending massages to some of our white customers. He is not to service our black clients until I see what it can do."

 As they spoke, I marveled at the course my life had taken in so few years.

 After my therapy sessions with Dr Boyd, I had dedicated my life to serving Mr.Vince, and his many needs. My girl friend Cindy, and I had devoted ourselves to dancing, whoring, and whatever demeaning acts he demanded from us.

 Demanding may be a strong word here. As devoted to Mr. Vince and the power of black cock as we were, he merely had to state his desires and we would do his bidding, gladly. 

 Cindy had quit her college studies and I, my engineering job. Selling my Condo and most of our belongings, we gave the money to Mr. Vince as tribute to his mastery and grace. Also, to pay for my breast implants and lip enhancement.

 For two years plus, we served black men. Our lives revolved around the money we could make for Mr. Vince with our white bodies. I took great pride in enticing those well hung black males to have sex with me for money. 

 For the most of my life I'd thought I was a heterosexual. Dr Boyd opened my eyes to the fact that my fascination with bigger, stronger, well hung males was my latent homosexuality trying to come out. 

 When he introduced Cin and I to Mr. Vince and his wonderful big black cock, I was all in. I have no pretenses now. I'm a mincing, cock sucking fairy. I'm more comfortable in panties, on my knees slobbering over a large black cock than I am in men's clothing. The only pussy I'm interested in are those filled with cum from black balls. 

 Let me tell you readers, unless you've felt the anticipation of feeling a large black cock grow in your hand, unless you've groveled in the abuse from the owner of that cock while you suck him to orgasm, you can't possibly understand. 

 The more I celebrated my gayness, the more I reveled in how far I could take it. I'm more a caricature of a man these days. My titties and lips have entertained more men than I can count. I get hard at the mere sight of the bulge in a black man's trousers. 

 As I told earlier, in between sets, Mr. Vince would pimp us out to those customers in need of relief. I'd learned to take a big black cock up my little white ass without pain. The more I was fucked and the more cock I sucked, the more slavish to nigger cock I'd become. 

 My life, my body was my gift to the superior black male.

 Here in the Vietnamese store front, I watched as the lady hurried behind the counter. She opened a drawer and brought out a large wad of dollar bills. Returning to my new owner, she bowed again as she held out the money.

 Her Papa san took the money and shoved me toward her. "Put this fag to work, Mai. I want his faggot white ass earning. He's not to leave unless I say. The homo is my property, so treat him as you do the others. Don't hesitate to beat the bitch if she gets out of line either."

 Without waiting for her response, he turned and left.

 "I am Mai Lin. You may call me Mama san. You will do as I say, when I say, white boi. I will not tolerate insolence. I will not tolerate laziness. You are here because Papa san wants you to make him money. You will be called massage boi. You will give customer a massage and whatever else he want as long as it is cleared by me first."

 This was new to me. Sure, I sucked Dr Boyd's cock but after meeting his colleague, Mr. Vince, I'd gone black. I'd given my body and soul to the African male. Now I was expected to offer myself, my services to whites. I shuddered. 

 Mama san went behind the counter and pressed a button. Soon the foyer filled with 6 women. 4 were Vietnamese, the other two white. All looked young, maybe in their 20's. They wore silk robes but I could see they were scantily dressed underneath. 

 As Mama san explained to them my role, I could sense some resentment. I was, after all, a competitor for the white man's dollar and Papa san's affection. 

 Mama san showed me the layout. I saw where I was to sleep, shower, do laundry, and most importantly, the little room, where I was to do my entertaining.

 My little room was spartan, more cubicle than a room. There was a massage table and a stand that held massage oils and towels. On the wall were four hooks for the customer to hang his clothing. there was no door. Our privacy was concealed behind a curtain. 

 My outfits consisted of silk robes which I was told to remove when inside the cubicle with a customer. Once inside, I dressed as the others. Mama san gave me some pretty panties, a la granny style, some loose, transparent tops, and slippers. 

 Insisting that I conform to her "rules of the house", Mama san had me wear make-up in the oriental style. My hair was pulled back into a bun with a stick through it. For all intent and purposes, I was more female than man on the outside. Papa san, my black Daddy had also given Mama san Viagra that he wanted me to take during business hours. I guess they felt that my little hard-on could lure more than a massage from our clientele. 

 My first night had me on edge. As I awaited my first customer, I dreaded at the thought of me having to pleasure a white dick. I didn't have to wait long. When the buzzer went off, I joined the other women in the foyer. We stood, trying our best to look alluring as a middle aged white man took his time selecting his masseuse. The Viagra was doing it's magic as my little dick tented my robe, but only a bit.

 He must have noticed because when he eyed me up and down, he smiled. Pointing to me, he told Mama san, "that one."

 Mama san smiled and nodded. I sighed and led him back to my cube.

 Remembering whom I was working for, I steadied myself and vowed to do my best. 

 My gentleman wasted no time. Once in the cube, he began removing his shoes and socks. I helped him out of his suit jacket and shirt. Licking my lips and pouting for him, I knelt and helped him remove his trousers. He removed his shorts on the massage table as I covered him with a large towel.

 He rolled over onto his stomach and I removed my robe. 

 "I made the right choice" he said to himself when he saw my little hard-on through my panty. He licked his lips as he stared at my breast. I shuddered but soldiered on. 

 Warming the oil by rubbing my palms together, I bent to my task. Starting at his shoulders, I kneaded and rubbed my way down to his ample ass. Slipping his towel down, I massaged his buttocks wishing they were black. After he opened his legs a bit, I worked on his thighs. Rubbing and squeezing, I intentionally let my hand make gentle contact with his balls. I heard him inhale and then relax with a sigh. 

 I worked my way down each leg and gave special attention to each foot. I massaged his instep and toes.

 Finally it was time.

 I lifted his towel and held it as he turned over. I turned my head, not ready to see a white dick just yet. 

 My titties hung down over his face as I worked his pecs, me standing behind his head for effect. He squirmed while I massaged his sides, apparently ticklish. 

 I moved to his left and began oiling his belly. While not huge, he was over weight and could stand to lose 20-30 pounds. I let my fake titties rub across his stomach as I reached over him. I tried not to cringe when I felt his hand cup my ass. 

 As I rubbed him, he caressed my bottom through my panty. I closed my eyes, gritted my teeth and, like a good whore, continued to work my "john".

 I moved to the end of the table, between his feet. Starting at his ankles, I worked my way up his legs to his thighs. His toes flicked my nipples and I closed in on the towel and what I knew lay underneath.

 My gentleman opened his thighs allowing me access. The back of my hand rubbed his balls. Making eye contact with him, I removed the towel and tossed it aside. 

 Adding more oil to my hands, I smiled at him before gently taking his balls in my hands. Finally, I looked at his dick. It wasn't as small as mine and throbbed with anticipation as I worked his nut sack and the space under them. I moved to his side and looked at him, waiting for a signal, some sign that he wanted me to continue. He closed his eyes, smiled and nodded. 

 I reached for his dick, a cock really. It felt warm in my hands as I pulled and tugged. His hand was on my ass again as I began to get into my task. I'd jack him with both hands, letting my right hand slide down to caress his balls on the down stroke. 

 I closed my eyes and made believe it was a black cock I had in my grasp. My gentleman began to arch upwards, fucking my hands. It began to get erotic to me. I bent my head and licked the head of his cock, tasting his pre-cum. When he felt my tongue on him, he arched upwards again and I naturally parted my lips and took him in my mouth. 

 His hand on my ass was becoming more demanding, more forceful. He reached under my panty and put his finger in my asshole. I gasped at the invasion but soon fell into a rhythm, fucking back at his hand and fucking forward taking his cock deep in my mouth. 

 Holding his balls with my right hand, I used my left to jack him in my mouth. My fat lips, lovingly, and quite naturally caressed him, sucked him. My dick was leaking and I was excited by his handling of my ass. Once again, a man was using me for his pleasure and I gave myself completely to his cock. 

 I made sure that my titties rubbed his side as I slobbered and sucked. His crotch was covered in my saliva. He began to fuck my face harder, with more need, more urgency. His balls tightened in my hand. I knew what was next and pulled back so that only the head of his cock was between my lips when he came. 

 I laved the head of his cock with my tongue as spurt after spurt of cum filled my sucking mouth. I tasted and swallowed. His was not a pungent as my negroes, my black men, but it was so much thicker, tangier than my own. I swallowed until he finished. 

 His finger in my ass had the desired affect. I spurted my own thin seed against the table and on the floor. My legs tightened, my ass humped back while my spending subsided. Lying my head on his belly, I nursed his cock, allowing it to soften in my mouth, while my hand continued caressing his balls.

 Finally satiated, I stood up and looked for a towel. To my surprise, Mama san and two of the Vietnamese women had snuck in my cube and watched me suck my gentleman's cock. All three clapped as I stood there blushing. 

 "You good cock sucker" Mama san smiled. "You only need to jack him off."

 "How you like sir?" Mama san asked my gentleman.

 "Fuuucccck. That was good. I didn't expect the bitch to suck me off. She surprised me."

 Again I blushed at the compliments. 

 "Can I fuck her?"

 "Maybe next time. You come tomorrow,ask then." Mama san was all smiles. "Tell your friends about new girl."

 My gentleman dressed and I went to change my soiled panty. Mama san met me in my room. She did not look pleased. "How come you come? Why you come? That for customer, not whores."

 I was devastated. Here I thought I'd done a good job, only to be admonished by my supervisor for responding to the physical stimulus my gentleman caller gave me. 

 From under her robes Mama san produced a thin strip of bamboo. She began to whip me. I shrieked and tried to run but she had the door blocked. Mama san beat me on my buttocks and thighs until I cried and begged for mercy.

 "Please Mama san, please stop. I'm sorry. I won't let it happen again." I sobbed.

 This had no affect on her. Mama san continued to beat me, scolding me, cursing me. I hate white bois. I hate white fag. You white fag boi. You no good. Not man. Not woman. You only fag boi."

 I curled up in a ball on the floor as she continued to whip me. "I teach you fag boi not to piss me off."

 My status was confirmed. Even in a rub and tug parlor I was bottom rung. After my beating I was ordered by Mama san to do the laundry for all the girls. I was made to clean cum filled towels by hand. Mama san had me sweep and mop the parlor after hours, making it ready for the next days visitors.

 For 5 days I worked my gentlemen callers without further messes. I performed my other duties and took pride in my work. I vowed to make Mama san proud of me.

 Around 2:30 AM Sunday morning, my black Daddy, Papa san came in to collect his earnings. Mama san had all of us hostesses/masseuses gather for his arrival. My big black owner was dressed in all black. His trousers were fine Italian wool, his shirt, silk. He wore imported leather slip-on's. His jacket was leather.

 Mama san bowed and handed him a large wad of bills. Papa san looked pleased. He and Mama san talked business for a minute. When he asked her how I was working out, Mama san told him a out right lie. "He no good. He cum when he work on client. He no help us around here."

 The glare that huge nigger man gave me was frightening. I stood frozen like a deer in headlights. 

 I watched my pimp remove his belt. I knew what was in store for me and silently prayed I would not let him down.

 "Lose the robe cocksucker. Now stand with your hands on the counter and push your faggot ass out." 

 Whooosh, crack! The first blow landed on my back. The next dozen left welts on my ass through my granny panty. My nigger beat me severely, thoroughly. I cried and cried but some how found the stamina to maintain my position. My black Daddy took his time to make sure he covered my exposed back and legs completely with my beating. 

 I heard Mama san laughing. She only made my resolve stronger. I arched back at Daddy, wanting to show Mama san I could weather his detailed attention. Through tears and sobs, I thanked him and asked for more. 

 Finally the beating stopped. I dropped to the floor. The pain was burning, coursing through my body. All thoughts left my brain. I turned and in a heap, I grabbed my man's ankles. I kissed his shoes. "Thank you daddy. Thank you for training my faggot, white ass." I was lost in a haze. 

 Using his legs to steady myself, I pulled myself up on my knees. Holding his ass I put my head on the bulge in his trousers and cried softly, still thanking him for my beating.

 My pimp stood tall, proud, looking down at my sniveling, worthless white body. I felt his cock twitch in his trousers. His beating me aroused him. His primal instincts came alive. The black man's natural aggression and having a whimpering white boi kneeling at his feet brought order into our world. 

 I needed to please him. To show him I was worthy of his attention, his beatings.

 I looked up at him and nuzzled his package. When he didn't move or push me away, I kissed his cock through the fine wool trousers. Using my teeth, I pulled the zipper down.

 Still no negative reaction from my man, I reached in and found he was not wearing underwear. I fished out his stiffening cock. I held it in my hands, blowing gently on it as I gazed at the powerful man who stood above me. 

 I skinned the foreskin back from this 10" monster cock and planted my full, fat lips on the head. Using my tongue, I lovingly licked and tasted my man. His cock hardened at my ministrations.

 Mama san be damned. I was going to show my man, my pimp Daddy, that I was in deed worthy. Rising up, I took his cock in my mouth and gave him the gentlest, most thankful blow job I was capable of. 

 I cupped his big balls through his trousers and continued to make love to my masters cock. He stood as rigid as a stone as I worked my white mouth over his black phallus. 

 I could almost feel the jealousy in the room as the other whores and Mama san watched me feed on my nigger cock. My nipples hardened, rubbing against the wool pants. My own little dick was throbbing and leaking pre-cum. I could feel my panty getting wet. 

 Finally a reaction. My man began to thrust his cock into my mouth, using it like a cunt. I held his fine, black ass as he fucked my face. I was pleasing my man. I was showing those other whores what a white boi could do for his owner, his pimp, his superior. 

 Papa san grabbed my bun and forcefully rammed his cock deep in my throat. I felt him pulse there and knew he was cumming directly into my belly. I held my place not gagging. I reflexed my throat, putting a little pressure on and off his cock, milking it. 

 His orgasm subsiding, my black Daddy released my hair. His cock began to soften. I pulled back so I could nurse on it, make love to it with my white, sucking mouth. 

 On my knees before a superior black man. His cock in my mouth, my belly filled with his generous offering. My world was suddenly alright again. 

 Looking up at my Daddy, I was hoping for some sign of appreciation, something positive. Instead, I got slapped. "You got my pants wet, you stupid motherfucker."

 Sure enough, I'd left a little spit stain by his fly.

 My Daddy knew how to train his whores.

 For the next two weeks I plied my trade carefully. I gave no more ad hoc blow jobs no matter how excited I became handling those dicks and the few white cocks I'd encountered. I gave wonderful hand jobs and massages. I did my chores. I kept my head down and my mind right. I was there for a single purpose; to make Daddy his money. 

 My first gentleman caller returned. Once again we whores gathered in the foyer as he went through the motions of selection. I just knew he was going to pick me. And I was right.

 After whispering something to Mama san, he handed her a large sum of money then took my hand and led me to a cubicle.

 "Tonight, honey, I'm going to fuck you." 

 I was worried and told him what happened when I got caught giving him an unauthorized blow job.

 "Not to worry little one. I paid for your ass and tonight, it's mine." 

 Still I was worried. I excused myself and went to Mama san. "Mama san, he wants to fuck me. Is that okay?"

 Mama san took no shit from me. Out came her bamboo strip. She waved it menacingly at me and told me "go back to client."

 Relieved, I did as I was told. Returning to my cubicle, I found my gentleman had removed all of his clothing but his white briefs.

 I removed my robe and in my thin top and granny panty, knelt at his feet. My technique came naturally to me. I'm not sure when it started but it was mine. I nuzzled his cock through his tightie whities. I moved my head below his balls and lapped at them, teasing my gentleman caller. 
