 Hey guys...I know some of you enjoy this and some of you don't...so I'll give you fair warning! DO NOT READ THESE IF YOU ARE NOT INTERESTED IN SOME VERY SHORT STORIES...THAT ARE JUST DESIGNED TO TRIGGER THOUGHTS AND IMAGES IN YOUR OWN HEAD!

Some of these are only a couple of paragraphs and some of them are only a couple of pages...one or two of them took on a life of their own...or after requests from loyal readers I was able to develop them into fuller stories...

Most of my story inspirations come from looking at sexy photos...sometimes they evolve into an entire series. The first site that I started posting stories, allowed for one picture to be posted with the story...that was cool because the reader could see what had tripped the nasty/romantic/sexy/perverted switch in my head to cause the story to take some kind of form. So some of these VERY short stories (or at least that's how I intended them to be) are much better read when done next to the photo that had inspired them.

I know that there are still some readers out there who enjoy the challenge of having to either finish the story themselves or fill in some of the details...

*****

That Moment When...

...you realize that you've been busted!

You're sitting on the patio at a buddy's house after a run.

You've known Kevin for several years, have been running buddies, played sports, shot pool and such for the last several years, but have never been "really" close.

He has been dating the same girl for three years, you've always been single. Today while running he brought up girls and sex a time or two, first complaining about his girl not putting out for a couple of weeks because of some female problem, and then her hormones have been causing her to be a total bitch and she won't even give him head. Then he asked about my dating, and I just kind of side skirted it as usual. When we got to his place, we sat down to have a couple of cold beers. He was sitting there looking amazing as usual, when I noticed an unusually large bulge in his shorts and a strange look on his face.

He looked me right in the eye when he said, "I heard a rumor the other day, that has pretty much confirmed something I have suspected for quite a while now!"

"Really, what?"

"Well, let's put it this way buddy, I have problem that I think you might enjoy helping me with!"

"What's that?" I had butterflies doing cartwheels in my stomach, I knew something was going to happen.

He got a big smile on his face, then a very serious look, when he knew he had my undivided attention, he slowly lowered his gaze to his own crotch. I know he heard me catch my breath as he grabbed the hem of the leg of his shorts and pulled it up to reveal the hugely thick shaft of his rock hard cock! 

I was on my knees in seconds, and the first thing that hit me was the strong man scent I could whiff from his hairy and sweaty crotch!

That Moment When...

...You Realize that you are staring at some jock's smoking hot ass and that maybe, just maybe those weird feelings and butterflies you've had in your stomach are more than just the admiration of another jock's well-developed body. 

Maybe you are "really" attracted to males like the thoughts coming through your mind several times a week for the last six months or so have led you to believe. Maybe you really want to see what it's like to touch, feel, smell and taste another guy!

You're in the middle of a triathlon, you're doing well, you just can't seem to pry your eyes away from the muscle butt next to you that is clad in only a tight thin pair of compression shorts! You know you need to concentrate on getting your shoes on for the last part of the competition, but you just can't!

You are sitting on a bench and you are so infatuated with the gorgeous ass right next to your face, that you don't even realize that he had turned and busted you perving on him, until you hear him chuckle and say, "Yeah, I know it's nice, but get your shoes on #4, we can't lose our lead in the race!"

Then you saw a big gorgeous white smile and heard him say, "Let's meet up after the race, " and then he took off! 

You finished in fourth place right behind him, and yes you had been hard for the entire run!

That Moment When You Realize...

That your father has been fucking both of your older brothers for several years, and now that you've turned 18 he's going to be fucking you too!

Your dad explained to you now that you are 18 it was time for you to start paying him back for all the years of food and shelter. The scary thing was that after about five minutes of his big cock in your butt, you realize how much you like it! 

When dad had first plunged into your virgin hole, it hurt like nothing you had ever experienced, and you were embarrassed when you realized one of your older brothers were watching. But then they started coaching you on relaxing and enjoying it, and what to do to make it feel better for dad...and soon the pain melted away. Soon after that, you were loving it!

That Moment You Realize...

...exactly what the trucker meant when he said, "Sure jump in, we'll figure out a way for you to pay your fare!"

Your parents had pissed you off by treating you like a kid when they found a half-naked girl in your room. You are 19 now and should be able to do as you please. You couldn't find a full-time job so that you could move out, so you had to live at home, but you contributed what you could and felt they should allow you to get least get laid in your own bed! They told you to go by their rules or get out!

Your buddy who had moved to the west coast had offered you to share his place and told you there was a job coming open on the construction site he worked, but that you had to be there in two days, so you were hitching night and day. You hadn't had anyone stop for hours and if you didn't get a ride soon, you'd be stuck in the middle of nowhere with less than $20 in your pocket and it was going to get dark in about an hour. You opened the door of the 18 wheeler cab and saw that the driver was only wearing a jockstrap, and there was a "huge" bulge in it! 

He looked at you and smiled and said, "I've got an hour before I can drive again, so why don't you go ahead and jump in the back and get comfortable. I like my passengers to pay before the ride starts, just so you know up front, the farther you go in the sack, the closer I will get you to the coast!"

That Moment You Realize...

...that your bondage and submission fetish has gotten your stupid straight ass in a kind of trouble you never imagined!

You had been having some wild sexy chat with a very hot dominatrix for weeks. She had shown you pictures of her rope work and told you how she enjoyed treating worthless subs like you! Your cock was hard the entire time you chatted and you had shot your straight load many times fantasizing about what it would be like to get helpless at her feet!

Even though your last girlfriend had played through with some of your needs she had finally given up because it was never enough. You had never done this with a stranger and that was your deepest desire!

You finally agreed to meet on the terms that you were open to "anything" she wanted as long as it didn't include extreme pain, scars and lasting marks, and a few other gross things.

You arrived at the door and were ordered to strip and get on your knees. She appeared and was hotter than her pictures, you were already hard, but the vision of her caused you to leak.

After kissing her boots and a few swats here and there you were lead to the dungeon where she started with the rope. This was so fucking exciting because this was the first time in your life you experienced inescapable bondage! The position was uncomfortable, but that just made it all the hotter.

The last thing to come into play was the blindfold. In a way that made it hotter, but looking at her gorgeous tits and almost ripped body made you drool. When the blindfold was in place she said, "Now bitch you get to stay like this for a while and think about what all could happen to you in this helpless state!" and you heard her stiletto heels click as she exited the room.

It was wild since you had no idea of time, it could have been 15 minutes or it could have been an hour! Wild fantasies rushed through your head about being forced to lick her boots while she spanked and flogged you. Being forced to be her sex slave, your cock was hard and dripping the entire time! Finally, you heard her return, your cock flexed for her.

A hand ran up and down your tight belly. It went to your chest where your pecs were bound tight. It found one of your tiny nipples and the other hand found the other. When both nipples were captured by fingers and thumbs the pulling and twisting started. You had never thought about your nipples much but you immediately realized how sensitive they are, and your cock leaked more! Once your nipples were hard and even more sensitive, they were slapped and pulled a lot and has you had been instructed you said, "Thank you, Mistress!"

The hands then slid down your tight belly to your crotch where you cock was ignored but you balls receive some wanted and unwanted attention. They were pulled and slapped until you were writhing as much as you could in the bondage, and then dutifully said, "Thank you, Mistress!"

Your torso received a few flogs that excited you more and then finally the blindfold was removed. You were so happy to gaze on her beautiful face, her full red lips, her gorgeous head of raven hair. You knew that you would do anything this woman wanted. 

"So slave, do you remember your promise?"

"Yes, Mistress!"

"Tell me what it was!"

"That Mistress could have anything from me she wants!"

With that she leaned in and almost but not quite kissed you, she ran her long fingernail from the base of your cock to the tip. You were shivering in pleasure and anticipation. 

"Do you want to cum, slave, cum harder than you have ever cum?"

"Oh yes Mistress, if that's what you want!"

"Good slave, very good slave!"

With she clapped her hands twice, and a huge black man, 6'4" with muscle upon muscle of hairy body covered with sweat entered the room, with an enormous hard cock!

"Carlos, take his ass cherry!"

"No Mistress, wait! Please..."

"Shut up slave!"

"Oh yes and Carlos, this slave wants to cum, don't stop fucking him until he does!"