 My mind was cloudy when I woke, but the weight of Barry's hand on my hip brought the previous night clearly into focus. I laid still, listening to his breathing, his hand on my hip, his relaxed cock pressed against my ass. It didn't take long for my head to fill with questions and thoughts of quickly getting out of bed, dressing and asking this guy to leave. But instead I slipped from beneath his hand and quietly got out of bed. Walking to the kitchen I started the coffee.

Back in the bedroom Barry was still sleeping, the sheets covering him from just above the waist. I went into the bathroom, switched on the light and pushed the door half closed. Opening the glass shower door I turned on both showerheads. Dual showerheads, I thought to myself, must be man's greatest invention. The warm water felt great. I stood in the middle of the shower. The water from the front hitting me mid-chest, while the stream from behind struck me on the head and neck. I closed my eyes and tried to figure out what happened last night. I felt tired. There as a soreness in my ass that was uncomfortable and yet, somehow pleasurable. I just stood there letting the water run over my body.

The squeak of the shower door startled me. Opening my eyes I saw Barry stepping into the shower. Another Rubicon moment presented itself, but this one I crossed quickly. As he stepped toward me I opened my arms. We stood beneath the running water in a gentle hug. It actually felt very peaceful. When Barry broke the contact he picked up my sponge and, without saying a word, lathered it with liquid soap and began to wash me.

He began on my chest with gentle strokes, the sponge in his left hand, his right wandering behind in a gentle caress. I closed my eyes as he moved from my chest to my stomach. His touch was magic, soft and sensual. I felt myself getting hard. From my stomach he pasted down to my semi-hard and hardening cock. Here he took more time, his right hand catching up with the left so he could wash and stroke simultaneously. I heard a low moan emanate from my throat. Then, as my cock stood erect, he moved to my left thigh and continued washing me.

His hands moved slowly down and around my thigh, brushing my scrotum has they did. He moved down my left leg and then back up my right. Soon he was back at my waiting cock. But instead of giving it the attention it clearly wanted, he placed his hands on my hips and guided me to turn around. He was standing now and washing my back. Just as before he used a circular motion, working from my shoulders he moved down to the small of my back. My arms hung limp at my sides. I don't believe I could have been more relaxed. Then he was washing my ass. Both his hands were gently rubbing and massaging. His right moved between my legs seeking that area between my balls and asshole. Once there he tenderly massaged it letting his fingers drift to my asshole, the soreness I had felt was replaced by pleasure. Again my cock stood looking for attention. This time it would not be denied.

Barry moved closer to me, his cock pressed against my ass. He put down the sponge, reached around me and with his right hand began stroking my cock. I responded by thrusting my hips forward to meet his strokes. As I fucked his hand each backward thrust pushed my ass against his hard cock. His left hand now reached around me and began rubbing my chest and nipples. My eyes were still closed, my moans were becoming louder. His hand and my hips were in rhythm as both moved faster. My head fell back on Barry's shoulder. My moans turned to short gasps for breath as I felt the pleasure overwhelm my body. My thrust became slower as I came, shooting cum toward the back of the shower, some oozing on to Barry's hand. He continued to stoke my cock. Then, when he was sure I was finished, he brought both arms and hand up to my chest and pulled me close to him. The feeling was fantastic, if he hadn't been holding me so tight I might have collapsed. I just stood there, Barry holding me, the water running over me; trying to regain my senses.

I moved my arms up and held Barry's tightly. When I finally came back to earth I gently pulled away from him. Picking up the sponge I turned to him to return the favor. I started slowly at his shoulders and worked my way to his chest. Holding the sponge in one hand, I actually used both hands to wash him. Using slow circular strokes I caressed his chest letting my fingers tangle in the hair and massage his nipples. It didn't take long to reach his stomach. Slowly I worked my way down his body. I purposely brushed over his semi-hard cock and proceeded down his left leg. I took my time letting my fingers brush his cock and balls, drifting softly between his legs toward his ass. As I washed the backs of his thighs I let my hands caress the cheeks of his ass. I could tell he was beginning to enjoy his sponge bath. Then I knelt in front of him and continued washing his legs. Finishing his left I began the right, moving slowly up the calf to the knee and then to his thigh. Reaching his groin I let the sponge drop. Still on my knees in front of him I looked up into his face. Barry smiled and closed his eyes. I took his semi-hard cock in my mouth.

As I slowly worked my tongue over Barry's member I felt it grow. Soon I was sucking on a throbbing, hard dick. My movements became quick as my head bobbed over his cock. With one hand I caressed his balls, with the other I reached around and gently massaged his ass cheeks. While I continued to work his cock with my mouth and tongue, I began to explore his ass, letting my fingers slip between the cheeks and massage his asshole and along the flesh behind his hanging balls. Barry rested his hands softly on my head. He made no effort to control my efforts, but rather ran his fingers through my hair and caressed my ears. I took more of him into my mouth and moved my other hand to his ass. Now with both hands working his ass I felt him meeting my mouth, thrusting his hips forward as I dove down on his cock. Suddenly I heard him groan loudly as his ass cheeks tightened. He came. Hot cum shot into my mouth. He continued to shot has I pulled my head back, keeping my mouth open. I brought a hand around from his ass and grabbed his cock aiming toward my mouth and face. His hot cum landed on my tongue and lips, dripping down my chin. Barry's moans subsided and he started taking deep breaths. I stood up and, with his cum still on my tongue and lips, kissed him deeply.

We hugged each other under the warm running water for a couple of more minutes. Then I used the sponge to clean us both off again. Turning off the water we stepped out and dried each other off. We still hadn't spoken.

While Barry started to dress I went out to the kitchen and came back with two cups of coffee. Barry's first word to me was, "thanks." We both smiled, I knew it wasn't just for the coffee. He took a sip and continued dressing. Still nude, I stretched out on the bed with mine. We started a conversation about our plans for the day. Neither of us brought up what had just happened, or what happened last night. When he finished dressing I got up and retrieved his coat from the closet when I put it last night. Then we walked to the kitchen as he finished his coffee. He put the empty cup in the sink and I moved close behind him. "I hope you'll drop by for a drink again sometime." I said smiling. He turned and put his arms around me. "Soon, very, very soon," was his reply. With that I walked him to the door.

I stood in the picture window as watched as he brushed the snow off his car. When he finished he turned and waved to me. I smiled and waved back, realizing I was standing naked in front of my window and in plain view. I finished my coffee and turned back toward the kitchen. It was going to take a couple of more cups to help piece last night and this morning together.