 That Moment You Realize...

That giving the redneck, forest ranger a smartass answer about why you are camping naked, may not have been such a good idea!

In your late teens, you took three years of martial arts training and figured you could either bullshit or fight your way out of about anything. You have a nice body, and above average cock, and a decent face, so you are popular with a certain segment of the female population just because of your cockiness!

You never got the classy chicks but you didn't care, there were plenty of the party girls who with a few drinks or puffs of some good weed would get wild and nasty. You actually had two hot mommas who agreed to come on the camping trip with and you were looking for a couple of days of naked wild fun. But one of them canceled at the last minute and the other one said, "There's no way I'm going camping in the middle of nowhere with a wild fucker like you all by myself!"

It was early afternoon of the day you arrived. As soon as you got to the campsite you got naked, got stoned and started unloading your gear. You were horny since you were by yourself and kept thinking about the nasty fun you would have had with the two wild women. You were walking around totally boned when the ranger stepped out from behind a tree.

He immediately started giving you shit about being naked, and seemed amazed at your hard cock! "What the fuck are you doing out here naked swinging that bone around junior?"

"First of all don't call me junior or I'll kick your redneck ass! I'm naked because I like it, and I'm hard because I'm horny, I had two party girls coming up here with me and they canceled at the last minute, so you see something here you like ranger?"

"Fuck you junior! I'm not a redneck, I'll call you whatever I want, I don't need your kind around here causing trouble, and get some fucking clothes on, we have families who come here!"

"Oh fuck you, redneck, there's no one else around for miles and I told you don't call me junior, I have three years of martial arts training that says I'll kick your country ass and do whatever the fuck I please!"

It was like a flash! I was on my back, on the ground, both arms pinned and he didn't have a hand on me, and his big fucking crotch bulge was in my face! "Well, it looks like you wasted those three years, at least against my five years of military special ops training!"

"Get the fuck off of me and get that sweaty crotch out of my fucking face!"

The ranger got an evil grin on his face and in a split second, I was released and then pinned to the ground face down, him on top of me and that big crotch bulge against my ass! "Sure junior, you prefer I go in this hole first!"

"Fuck you! Get off me!"

"No junior it's going to be fuck you!"

The next exercise in futility took a little over 30 seconds. It ended up with him naked and me bent over the picnic table with his thick hard cock running up and down the hairy crack of my ass! "This how you meant 'fuck you' junior?"

The words came out of my mouth, fast and loud, it was one of the few times in my life I was scared shitless because I knew this special ops man could do whatever he wanted to! "Fuck NO, get off me!"

Even as I was hollering at him, I remembered two different crazy bitches who had given me head, licked my hairy ball sack and then slipped down and tongued my hole and it felt amazing, one had slipped a finger in and it drove me crazy, the other had just licked. Both of them felt amazing, but neither of them was threatening me with a big thick cock!

"You had better change your tune junior because either way, you are going to get fucked! I can take my time and ease it in, it will still hurt, but you may end up enjoying it! Or I can just give it to you the way a prick like you should get it the first time, rammed up your pussy hard and dry!"

Well, at least it wouldn't be dry, because his cock was leaking a thick stream of precum and lubing my crack a bit and the sweat caused by my fear, hell terror was running off of me in buckets!

"Listen, dude, don't do this, PLEASE don't do this! I know I was a prick, but that's my defense mechanism is scares a lot of guys off if you just take control from the beginning!"

"Yeah, but I knew you were just a bitch from the beginning, your words didn't scare me a bit, and my cock is going to show you that you that you are indeed a bitch!"

"Come on man, I was just giving you shit, don't do this!"

"Why not, I've got you just where I want a prick ass bitch like you to be, naked, bent over with my cock in your ass crack, and begging for mercy, this shit really turns me on, and you never know what a pussy like you will offer!"

"Offer, tell me, what do you want, just tell me, I'll give you anything!"

"Anything, really?"

"Yeah, just tell me!"

"Naw, I like this just fine."

"No please I'll give you anything!"

"Okay bitch, what you going to do for me, being I have this raging hard on and want nothing more than to shoot my big three-day load of cum in a warm, wet hole! What else you got to offer?"

I couldn't believe I was going to say this, I never thought I would, up until this moment I couldn't think of anything else that could possibly be worse!

"So you gotta get off?"

"Yep! But let's cut this crap, I just going to ram it in!" With that his thick cockhead found my hole, he pushed against it and I grunted and would have climbed up on the table, but he had a death grip on my waist.

"NO! Wait, what if I suck you off?"

"So bitch, you are offering to suck my big cock?"

"No, well yes, but I mean I don't want to!"

"Okay then never mind, would you want someone to suck your cock who didn't want to?"

"Well no, but..."

"Yeah, me neither." With that he pushed against my hole again, I almost screamed, he eased back and pushed again and I almost thought it was going to break through and penetrate me! I was scared shitless!

"Wait, NO! I really do want to suck your cock! I've just never done it before and I don't know how I didn't know that I wanted to until just now!"

I was saying anything I could to keep him from shoving that thick cock into my virgin hole!

"Really, well maybe if you begged!"

"Ahw fuck, man come on!"

"Seriously if you beg me, I might believe that you "really" want to suck this big cock!"

"Okay, okay, I'll beg!"

Fuck I was not only going to have to suck another man's cock I was going to have to humiliate myself begging for it!

"But wait a minute, don't start yet! Now I'm going to let you go, but you had better not move, I need to get something. If you move, I will catch you, grab you, throw your ass on the ground and shove this cock into you so hard and fast you won't even be able to scream it will hurt so bad! You understand?"

"Yes, yes, I won't move!"

He backed up and I felt the pressure against my tight hole ease up, I was so hyped up it was like being super stoned, I even felt the hair around my hole following his cock back, then I felt the cool air against my hole as he moved away from me. Every fiber in my body wanted to make a dash, but I knew I that was a "bad" idea!

He was back in seconds and I felt him position his raging hard-on against my hole, he leaned his weight down on me, he growled in my ear, "Okay bitch, turn your head back toward me, beg to suck my cock, and it had better be convincing!"

I turned my face toward him, steadied myself to give me best performance of begging to suck cock, looked him in the face and then as I started I realized he was holding his phone and recording it! Fuck!

"Don't let that phone bother you, just do your begging and convince me, if you do what I say, "maybe" no one will ever see this, but who knows, maybe not, so bitch go ahead, beg away, and make it good!"

I wanted so badly to just turn around and cold cock him I almost couldn't speak, but I knew his type, you'd probably have to kill him to stop him from doing what he wanted, these special ops guys were trained to take pain, hell almost enjoy it!

So after I had given him my academy award winning performance and begged and begged him to let me suck his cock, he finally had enough of my torture and agreed. I was soon on my knees and then I was told the terms of our arrangement.

1. No hands.

2. No teeth if I wanted to keep them.

3. That sucking his cock meant deep throat and he would face fuck me too!

4. Since it was my first time, he was going to give me 15 minutes of sucking and then it was over. If I hadn't used my lips, tongue, and throat to make him shoot, I had to take it in my butt!

Fuck! I didn't like any of the terms, but what other choice did I have! This was the first time in a very long time I had gotten myself into something I couldn't get out of and it was probably going to cost me my ass cherry before it was over!

"So bitch, you agree to the terms or you just want to go ahead and get fucked!"

I wanted to do some serious damage to this prick, but I nodded my head and then hung it. "No that's not convincing me that you want to suck my cock, you had better rethink that answer and beg just a bit more to prove that you mean it!"

So I started again with the begging while staring at his thick almost 8" drooling cock, and finally, he just said, "Shut up and suck it like the little bitch you are junior!"

I leaned in and since I couldn't use my hands I had to open and take it with the cock drool hanging from the head. I was somewhat surprised that it was sweet and I didn't mind the texture. It did somewhat remind me of pussy juice so I decided to close my eyes and just get through this.

"No cocksucker, don't close your eyes! You do realize that you are now a cocksucker, don't you?"

I nodded yes, and as I looked up again he was holding the phone and recording this, I just groaned. "Yeah, moan and groan, cocksucker that feels good, might make me cum sooner."

So there I was on my knees, naked and sucking a cock, moaning like some back alley whore while he videotaped it! I was sliding up and down his thick shaft and then he reminded me I had to take it all! Fuck I knew there was no way his thick cock would fit in my throat!

He gave me about 10 seconds and then he grabbed my head by both sides and shoved about ¾ of his cock into my mouth. The head went passed my gag reflex and into my unprepared throat. Tears flowed out of my eyes, I gagged, coughed, choked and goo shot out of my mouth even though it was stretched tight around the thick shaft. I was a fucking mess with tears and goo and started to wipe my face. "Don't touch it, that's what a cocksucker is supposed to look like!'

He flipped some buttons on the phone and started snapping still shots, I could have died right on the spot! "Suck it junior!"

I obviously didn't move fast enough because he grabbed my hair and pulled me to his crotch, my mouth flew open from the pain and with the other hand he shoved his dripping cock back into my mouth! This time it went all the way down my throat!

He held steady and I couldn't get away until another ocean of goo erupted from my mouth and I literally coughed his rigid cock out! I was now covered in the crap coming out of my throat, again I started to wipe and again he stopped me. "Leave it, that shit makes great lube for when I tap that virgin straight guy ass of yours, you can't suck for shit, so I'm going to fuck you now!"

"No, please, let me try again, I'll do better I promise!"

"Yeah, you sure?"

"Oh yeah, I'll do it really well!"

With that, he pushed the button on the phone to switch back to video, "Okay cocksucker convince me!"

Fuck, now he was videoing me with tears running down my face and a huge amount of spit and throat goo dripping from my mouth and chin!

So I had to give another humiliating performance to convince him to let me suck his cock. Fuck it was so good I almost convinced myself I wanted to, and not just to keep him from fucking me.

He smiled down at me and said, "Okay cocksucker, here's the deal, I gave you fifteen minutes. You have seven minutes left until the timer on my phone signals, or until you eject my cock from your throat, or you make me cum, then you get fucked! Understand?"

I shook my head, yes and he just said, "Open!"

I did as ordered. He took a hold of both sides of my head and slid his cock about halfway in and out 3 times, then about ¾ of the way in and out 3 times, and that was hitting my throat opening, then he slid all of his cock all the way into my throat and back out three times and I was doing my best to control my gag reflex, and did pretty well.

As I just knelt in front of him he was actually fucking all the way into and out of my throat. Then he started slowing down a bit and holding it in longer each time. Every time a huge wad of goo would exit my mouth he would groan with pleasure. I had never throat fucked a chick like this and was now determined to, but first I'd have to live through this!

My throat had started to relax, and something was going wrong, I could feel my cock getting hard! The more he kept his cock in my throat keeping me from breathing the harder my cock got. The only reason I could come up with is that I've heard of guys who are into breath control and they say they get super erections because I knew there was "no way" I was enjoying this.

"That's it, cocksucker, just let that throat relax and let this big cock slide in and out, it's feeling great! Hell maybe you are going to make me cum, but if not, don't worry I'll teach you how to get your butt pussy to relax and that will feel just as good if not better to me!"

Fuck I had been so busy dealing with his big cock going in and out of my now stretched throat I had forgotten about getting fucked! I doubled my efforts and did everything I could to make this feel as good for him as I thought I would enjoy! He was speeding up, and it was becoming easier and easier for me to take it. The goo coming out of my mouth was now dripping off my balls, and I took some and smeared it over my raging boner and started stroking. "Yeah cocksucker, I wondered how long it would take you to get really get into it and stroke that raging hard on you've had the last few minutes!"

All too soon the beeping started! Oh fuck! The time was up, luckily he just kept stroking in and out of my throat and at this point I had my jaw open so wide it almost hurt, his huge cock was hammering my throat and now I "really" didn't want it to stop! Fuck I had to think, am I enjoying this?

He pushed into my throat and held it there longer than ever. I spasmed my throat all around his cock hoping for it to spurt. My throat convulsed and rivers of goo bubbled out of me and poured down my chest, stomach, and dripped off my ball sack! Fuck, it was nasty, and now I realized that not only do I enjoy nasty sex with women maybe with men too! But I still knew I did not want to get fucked!

He slowly withdrew the big cock from my throat, and let it linger on my tongue and I could taste a river of precum leaking from him. Then he ran his precum leaking goo covered cock and hairy nut sack all over my face! When he disengaged he said, "Okay, well I have to admit, after you got used to it a bit, you gave it the old college try. But I am still going to fuck you, but I have a question."

I almost couldn't look at him because I figured I must really look bad with tears and all the goo streaming my face.

"Ever had a girl lick your butthole?"

"Uhm, yes?"

"Did you like it?"

"Well yeah, it felt amazing!"

"Well two things then, you are probably going to end up liking getting fucked as much as you liked getting throat fucked, and I'll lick your hairy butthole to get you ready for this cock..."

Before I could respond he finished with, "...but you have to lick mine first!"

With that, he turned around, took one hand and spread his muscled ass and with the other hand he grabbed my head and pulled it into his hairy crack! Fuck the smell was overpowering! Not bad but strong! It was about triple of the scent of his thick bush and hairy balls where my face had been buried for the last 15 minutes or so!

"Go ahead do it! I'll bet you've licked a lot of pussy, ass is better, you're probably going to drive some skanky ho wild when you lick her butthole! Now do mine and get some practice!"

Fuck, I'd crossed a few very definite lines today already, what the hell, I knew I was going to get fucked and I didn't want it to be prison style and at this point, I was smart enough to know that anything I did now to please this aggressive man would probably work toward him not totally tearing my asshole to shreds!

I decided to just do it! Don't hesitate, don't think, just act, get it started and get it over with as soon as I could! I leaned in and couldn't help from inhaling some of his strong scents! I was so glad it didn't smell like shit or something worse that I eased my wet tongue against his hairy and crinkled hole and licked!

I was really surprised, it didn't taste bad! So I licked again, and nothing. I liked the texture, the scent was making my cock harder, if possible, and his moans pleased me as I hoped he would take mercy on me when he took my butt cherry!

"Oh fuck yeah junior, you're licking my butt like a pro! You must be one popular pussy licker!"

That gave me a little pride and egged me on to do more and better. Before he hadn't let me touch his cock, but he had no problem with me taking a muscle cheek in each hand and spreading them wide and doing my best to get as much of my tongue into his hole as I could!

I couldn't believe I was getting into this and was going to town on his tight little pucker. After panting and enjoying for a while, he pulled away, turned around and said, "Open!"

I opened my mouth like I was now his bitch and that thick cock slid into my mouth again! 

Three or four strokes about halfway, as I tasted his thick precum and then he just slowly slid his cock all the way into my throat, and except for another volley of clear goo from my throat, it went right in, no problem.

He fucked my throat for a few minutes and said, "Come on, let's open that virgin pussy of yours!"

He took me to the side of the picnic table and got me on my knees on the bench and had me lean over the table and push my ass out for him. I could feel him lowering himself into position and felt my ass being spread! He leaned in and ran a tongue that felt long and pointed up from behind my balls, around the right side of my hole to the top of my crack, and then back down. On the down stroke, he slithered around the left side of my hole, just touching the edge as he had on the trip up.

I moaned! He started a cadence up and down, but never actually licking my hole, it was fucking driving me crazy! His spit was dripping off my balls when he said, "Want my tongue in that hole?"

"Fuck yes!"

This time he licked the back side of my nut sack, up my taint and then just flattened his tongue out and slid it across my hole, my hole's reaction was out of my control, it pulsed at him, he laughed!

When he got to where the little point of his flattened out tongue was right at my hole he flexed and wiggled it, I thought I would jump over the bench!

He pulled back and laughed! Soon I felt a finger easily slide in and then his tongue was back only deeper! Back and forth finger and tongue, when the finger slid out and the tongue slid in it went farther than before, hell he was slithering an inch of more of tongue into my hole and it felt amazing.

He had me so open and wild feeling I almost didn't notice when the second finger slid in, but I did!

He kept going back and forth, tongue, finger, tongue two fingers, making me squeeze and then relax my hole to get it open. He moved up to three fingers and that opened me wider, his tongue was going crazy on my hole, and my hole was dancing on his tongue. I had never experienced anything that felt so fucking incredible! The only thing that really bothered me was the bumps of his knuckles so that when he finally slid this thick rock hard cock into me, I only noticed because it didn't have the bumps on it.
