 Chapter 33: Meet The Parents

-RRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRR-

Merrick pushes the loud vacuum cleaner back and forth, brushing the carpet in lines, and leaving the aligned trails of clean paths left by the machine. Now that Adam, Yuri, and Jamal taught him how to use appliances, cleaning utensils, and other such tools, he has a lot more to do around the house. 

After pushing the vacuum onto the last patch of carpet, he turned the vacuum off, and began to unplug and coil up the cord. The merman would loop the power cord onto vacuum, before he turned and smiled as Roxas approached him. He chuckled as he lowered himself down, and laid himself onto the floor. 

His hand met with the cat's face as Roxas brushed off against his palm, and rolled onto the floor. Merrick giggled as he dug his hand into Roxas's fluffy belly fur, and rubbed playfully. The cat mewled in response, and started to lightly kick at Merrick's hand with his hindlegs. Merrick laughed as he ruffled his hand onto the cat, before it wrapped its front legs around his wrists, and started to nibble on him.

"Heh, having fun, Blondie?" Merrick turned his head and smirked as Nick stood against the doorframe, wearing only a smile and tight, green camouflage underroos. Merrick stopped teasing Roxas and rolled onto his back.

"Naw. Just playing with the cat." He replied as he pus his hands on the back of his head, making no big deal about being completely naked, as usual. Nick smirked as he walked over, and squat down to sit on Merrick's lap, "Heh, I have no idea how you hu- people - come up with ways to make clothing so... Strangely enticing~" 

Nick rose a brow at that comment, "'You people'? And what's that mean, huh?" He asked as he pressed his clothed bum onto Merrick's soft equipment.

"I'm sure I have no idea." Merrick said with a flirty grin.

"You know, I'd usually dick with you and call you a racist, but I wouldn't say that exactly~" He said as he felt a fast-approaching stirring on Merrick's groin. Merrick simply blinked.

"What's a racist?" 

"Nevermind~" Nick said as he pushed and ground his hips down onto Merrick's crotch. "When are you gonna come over and sign up to work at Lovers, huh?" He asked as held himself above Merrick, "Wouldn't mind seeing you round there."

"I thought about that. It'd certainly be something to do while everyone else is gone," Merrick replied casually, as if they were discussing this over coffee instead of naked on the floor, "But Adam said that I wouldn't qualify since I don't have any... What he called, 'Credentials'." He said, before smirking, "Besides, I wouldn't want him thinking that there was anything going on between you and I." Merrick said as he spanked Nick's rump.

"Ooh~" Nick wraggled his eyebrows playfully, "Now you givin me mixed signals~" He giggled before getting up, and helping Merrick up to his feet, "Seriously though, not that I would ever move in on you, it doesn't help wit-chu naked alla time, man." Nick said as he gave two play pats on Merrick's butt. He smirked as he saw Merrick's penis already semi-hard.

"Dammit, Nick!" Merrick said as he looked at his stirring member, "Gah, can you at least show me how to work with Adam's comp-"

*Knock knock knock*

"Ah, hold that thought," Merrick said as he turned around and approached the door.

"What- Ah, Merrick! Man, hold up!" Nick said as the naked blonde turned the doorknob. Nick gapped as Merrick opened the door, seeing a mid-aged couple standing at the doorway.

"Hello?" Merrick said. The man is clad in a yellow and blue Hawaiian shirt with faded khakis, with brass-framed glasses on his face. He has grey-brown hair in a frumpy fashion on his head, with a scruffy circle beard stubble on his mouth. Right next to him, his wife, a spry woman with mid-long auburn hair, a light pink blouse and black, curt trousers, both of them holding a suitcase.

"H-Hullo..." The man said as his eyes quickly looked over Merrick, feeling more awkward as he stood there, "Are we interrupting anything?" He asked.

"No, why do you ask?" Merrick asked.

"I-I-I'm sorry," The woman asked, trying VERY hard to keep her eyes from drifting down, "A-Are we at the- At the um... Bryant Residence?"

"What?" Merrick asked curiously, "What does that mean... And is there something wrong?" He asked, "You're looking as if-"

"Merrick, man!" Nick said as came in, and grabbed the doorknob, "Uno momento, porfavor!" With that, he shut the door closed on the couple.

"... Did we just get greeted by two naked young men?" The woman asked.

"Don't get any ideas, Donna." The man said with gritted teeth. The woman scoffed as she whacked her husband on the arm.

"I said the same thing about that damn shirt!" She said as she pulled at his sleeve.

~~~

"It ain't that bad, babe." Jamal said as Nick bumped his head repeatedly on the bar able. The club is currently fairly calm, as there is no shows happening at the moment, "Psh, you shoulda seen it when they first saw me."

"Jamal. He greeted them buck naked, man! And all I had on was my draws... Man..." Nick took a drink while Jamal snirked.

"When I first met them, I was gettin it on with this one chick. Bitch tricked me outta the house, RIGHT after we finished just to fuck wit me. Nekkid Hide-n-Seek she said it was," Jamal said as he tipped the bottle into his mouth. After a gulp, he continued, "Mah junk was still dripping with spunk at the time."

"God, now I can't come over for a while." Nick moaned as he clutched his head. Jamal shrugged and nudged him.

"It's cool. I'll just stay wit'chu fo while." He said with a grin.

"No se permiten mujeres." Nick said.

"Aw, c'mon, babe~ I gotta get pussy SOME time!" Jamal said playfully.

"Stay at THEIR places than, Senior Puto~" Nick said with a smirk.

"Awhhoo, gettin sassy on me, huh?" Jamal said as he turned Nick's stool to him.

"Yeah, I'm getting sassy~ What'chu gonna do about it?" Nick goaded. 

"Ah may have ta spank yo spunky lil ass in fronna all these people~" Jamal teased with a grin.

"That a threat or a flirt~?" Nick smiled back as he leaned in and kissed Jamal, "Last guy I fucked was a total bitch," Nick mentioned as he put his hand onto that rod-shaped lump on Jamal's thigh. "I think I need my big black daddy to teach me whose boss~" He said as he rubbed the hard bulge.

"Dayum, boy~" Jamal said as they kissed sensually, "Lets go in my car before my break ends." He said before he and Nick got up, and left the back-way.

~~~

"So, you wanna tell me why your mother and I was greeted by a couple of naked fellas?" Luther said as he and Donna sat on the couch with his wife. Adam scratched the back of his neck.

"I am so sorry..." Adam apologized, his face heavy with heat, "I've sent you a picture of what Merrick and me, right?"

"He had clothes on!" Luther said, with a bit of a forced laugh, "Good lord, son, does this sort of thing happen here a lot?"

"I-I... Well-"

"You know, Adam," Donna said, "When your grandparents told you to take care of the house, and I told you not to worry about it..." She stifled a laugh, "This ISN'T what I had in mind! Hahaha!" 

"I know, Mom, and it's not like I turned this place into an orgy house or something..." Adam said, chuckling nervously.

"But you weren't even home. And then there was that Mexican kid there too. I can't help but think that-"

"No, Dad, he's not fooling around behind my back. Nick comes over a lot since he and Jamal started going out, and Nick is... VERY causal."

"Wait wait wait," Luther said, "I thought Jamal was into women."

"Jamal's into a lot of things." Adam said, "... OK that came out wrong!" He said quickly as his parents laughed, "As for Merrick, he's... Ok, I didn't tell you guys before because I didn't want you to get the wrong idea..."

"Well, spit it out, boy!" Luther said.

"See... Merrick's a nudist..." Adam said, feeling a purge of reluctance from the statement, "And we don't make him wear clothes unless we're going out, and even then, he wears as little as possible."

"Is THAT all?" Donna said, "I think it was more dramatic when you wrote that he had social problems."

"Ok, so, you're alright with him?"

"If we weren't we wouldn't have bothered." Luther said, "I never met anyone who was socially impaired, but we'll try not to come off as too pushy." He said, nodding.

"Ha! Speak for yourself!" Donna scoffed, "I've always had experience with shy people," She said proudly.

"Yes, I know," Luther rolled his eyes, "Your time with loonies..." He said. Donna slapped the back of his head, "Ow!" 

"They're not LOONIES, Luther!" She glared, "Say that one more time, I'll yank half your hair out!"

"I'm just joking, love!" He said as he rubbed his head.

"At ANY rate," Adam said as he stood up, "I think I'll have Merrick join us now," He walked a few steps, before stopping and turning to them, "Just... Try not to ask too many questions, please? As I said, he's VERY shy."

"Of course, son," Donna said, "Go on, we're really eager to meet him." 

Adam nodded, and went to the hallway. He huffed and sighed as he thought to himself, 'Here we go again...'.

He opened the door to his room, where Merrick is on the bed, pouting and squirming slightly in the clothes he's wearing - a simple blue and white polo shirt, and a pair of cargo shorts.

"Ungh, I hate these... These things," Merrick groaned as he plucked at his clothes, "How do humans get around, covering themselves up with all these sails on??" 

"I know, babe," Adam said as he sat down on the bed, "I'm sorry, it won't be long, I promise."

"You know," Merrick started, "When you told me your Mother and Father are coming over for a while, I assumed you were going to prepare me for it."

"Their flight came in earlier than expected, my bad," Adam said, "It's only for a couple of weeks. Just... It's just gonna be like when you first met Jamal and Yuri."

Merrick grimaced, and sighed as he bowed his head, "I hate this..." He mumbled as he shook his head, "I feel like I'm always lying..." Adam frowned as he scooted right next to the merman.

"I know, sweetie..." He nudged and kissed Merrick's cheek, "I wish I didn't have to put you through this either..." Merrick stared at the floor with half-lidded eyes. He took a deep breath, and slowly exhaled.

"... It's fine..." Merrick responded, "I have to protect the secret of merfolk... Even if it means I have to be someone else..."

"Merrick..." Adam gently moved in and hugged his lover. Merrick nuzzled affectionately against him. He really wishes they didn't have to hide like this. It's almost like taking a step back into the closet. But Merrick feels keeping this secret is necessary, and so he has to do his part in keeping the secret as it is.

"Alright..." Adam said as he got up, "They're ready for you now." The blonde nodded as he too got up, and followed Adam into the living room.

-Several Hours Later-

"Hahhh..." Merrick sighed as he leaned on the bathroom sink. He irked as he yanked the shirt off of his body, before pushing his pants down, "Finally..." He turned on the water faucet, and put his hands under the small cascade of water. His hands gleamed as they instantly transformed into blue and silver. He rubbed some water onto his face, murring and groaning pleasantly as the cold water refreshed him.

He splashed his face and shook, huffing in relief from the clothes and the sprits of water on his face, "I guess it went well enough." He mumbled to himself. Donna and Luther seem like nice people - almost like with Jamal and Yuri, except for an obvious age difference. He still can't help but feel bewildered, however. They are Adam's parents, after all. He feels a more judgmental air about them - as if he was being subtly scrutinized. 

After washing his face, Merrick buried his face into a towel, and dried his head, while also brushing his hands with it. His flesh slowly morphed back into human-type before he picked up the discarded clothes, and turned to enter Jamal's room - Adam decided to lend his room to his parents, so he and Merrick is sleeping in Jamal's room while he sleeps over at Nick's apartment for the time being. 

"Well, hi there~" Said Adam as Merrick entered the room. Merrick looked, and grinned as he saw Adam on Jamal's bed, wearing a rather tight undershirt, and some snug tighty-whities. Merrick could already feel his member stirring as Adam laid there, stretched out with his legs spread, and his hands holding the back of his head. Merrick giggled as he tossed the clothes aside, and slowly crawled onto the bed.

"What trickery do humans make to have clothing look so... Enticing~?" He said as he put a hand onto Adam's package, and rubbed it around. Adam grinned as Merrick cupped his round bulge.

"It's an artform, babe. Sometimes, small amount of clothing can be incredibly sexy~" 

"So I see~" Merrick said as Adam's bundle became firmer after a few seconds.

"Besides, since you're so used to nudity," Adam explained, "Lewd clothing like this gets to be a huge turn-on." He said as he saw Merrick's penis already erected.

"Mmm~" Merrick murred as he stopped fondling Adam's pouch, and crawled up onto him. 

"C'mere..." Adam whispered as Merrick came up to him, and glued his lips onto his mouth. Merrick moaned lightly as he sat his naked butt onto Adam's fuzzy abdomen, and laid himself down onto his human as he felt his tongue push into his mouth. 

Adam closed his eyes as Merrick meshed his lips with his as their tongues rolled and dug into one another. Merrick breathed deeply through his nose as he aggressively pushed his mouth against Adam's lips. 

Merrick's hand dug under Adam's white undershirt, and pushed it up to feel onto Adam's happy trail.

Suddenly, the door opened "Hey Adam have you seen my- WHOA!" Luther said as his eyes boggled, seeing the naked blonde male straddled ontop of his son. Merrick yelped as he dismounted Adam.

"DAAAD!" Adam yelled as he covered his large dented underwear with the blanket.

"SORRY!" Luther yelped as he turned quickly and slammed the door, "Was wondering if you had any spare toothbrushes." He said behind the door.

"NO!" Adam replied.

"Alright! ... Goodnight and... Have fun!"

"Oh my God," Adam scowled as he took a pillow, and pushed it down his face, where he proceeded to growl and groan into it.

"... I WANT to continue, but I don't want to..." Merrick said, "Is this normal?"

"Mmm-hmmmfffff" Adam said muffled, while nodding his pillow up and down.

~~~

Luther walked into Adam's bedroom, where Donna is already in bed, reading her book. He walked to the other side, rather slowly, and sat down, looking like a stampede of wildebeests just stormed by.

Just then, he felt Donna's knuckles rap the back of his head three times. "Knocking. It goes like this." She knocked on his head three times again, "Ever heard of it?"

"Oh, come off it, woman," Luther grumbled as he flopped down onto the bed.

~~~ The Next Day ~~~

Luther grumbled as he shuffled through his suitcase, still wearing a worn out undershirt, and a pair of light khaki shorts. "Grrrr... That woman sometimes, I swear to God..." He riffled through the suitcase, confirming that there is nothing to find within. He turned around and checked the laundry basket and dug through it. 

"Hello?" Came a voice. The man stood up and saw Adam's boyfriend standing there, wearing some shiny satin boxers.

"Hey, Merrick," He said as he continued to dig through the dirty clothes, "Gimme a sec, I'll be with you in a minute."

"... Is anything wrong? Can I help with something?" Merrick asked helpfully.

"Well, you know the shirt I was wearing when we first got here?"

"... The yellow one with the blue flower images on that?"

"Yes! Well, I had three other ones just like it, but I can't find them! I think Donna hid them, she thinks they're too damn tacky or something!"

"I disagree." He said while nodding, "I think it's colorful and bright."

"Exactly! Besides, they're comfortable and breezy to wear in this island heat." He scowled as he took off his glasses and rubbed his brows, "You know where she put them?"

"I think I remember her shoving something behind..." Merrick entered and patted the wooden dresser, "This big thing? I'm not sure what it's called."

"Really??" The man said as he then shuffled to the side. He edged it to the side, and scowled as he saw a cluster of vivid fabric stuffed between the wall and the back of the dresser, "That dang woman..." He grumbled as he yanked the shirts out of the tight nook, and put two of them into his open suitcase. He draped an orange and white one with leaf and flower designs around himself, and buttoned it up over his thick build.

"God bless ya, kid," He said.

"Wow, that's a bright design!" Merrick said.

"Good to see a man of taste," Luther said as he and Merrick left Adam's room. "Sooo... What do ya do, Merrick?"

"... Huh?" The merman asked curiously.

"I mean, Adam already said you're a male model, but you do anything else on the side?"

"I don't understand." Merrick said.

"I mean, do you have a part-time job or something?"

"No... But I have been thinking about going somewhere else to spend time while Adam is gone."

"Oook?" Luther said, shrugging, "Do you like any sports?"

"Uhh... Sports?" Merrick asked as he blinked awkwardly.

"You know, baseball? Football? Soccer? Tennis? Basketball?" Luther listed. Merrick paused before shaking his head. 

"Nnnno, I don't think so..." He said.

"Right..." Luther said, "Uh... Any hobbies?"

"Hobbies?"

"Things you like to do in your spare time? Do you draw? Write? Collect stamps? Fishing? Hunt-"

"Oh, yes! I know how to hunt!" Merrick piped up.

"Oh, ok! What kind of rifle you use?" Luther asked.

"... What's a rifle?" Merrick asked.

"Ahhh," Luther sighed, "I'm going about this the wrong way... What do you hunt?"

"Fish, mostly," Merrick said, "Sometimes crabs or squid, and the like."

"Oh, you mean you go fishing?"

"Not really... I uh..." Merrick fumbled for the right words, "I don't use any of the items Adam uses to hunt fish - rods or nets. I'm more adept at using a trid- spear, I mean..." He said.

"I see..." Luther said. Nice boy, but a bit of an enigma. 

The blonde stood awkwardly as he has no idea what to say next. This man is very inquisitive, and he does not have any answers that feel right to use.

"So um... Adam says you grew up in a Nudist Community? What's that like?"

"Er..." Merrick winced, as once again, has no viable answer, "Well... It's been a long time since I last been where I'm from..."

"Ah, I see..."

"... I'm sorry..." Merrick said as he looked to the side, "My life is... Complicated."

"I hear ya... Sort of..." Luther said.

"I... I think I'll just walk to the pier and wander..." Merrick said as he turned and went to Adam's room to get dressed.

"Ok then... Maybe I'll meet up with you later when Donna comes back?"

"Umm... Sure..." Merrick said casually as he walked away. Luther sighed as he scratched the back of his head.

"Strange kid..." He mumbled.

~~~

Donna stretches as she feels the sunlight in her sweats. Just before she inserts her headphones into her ears, her eyes glance to the side. Over by the old cliff, is Merrick, sitting on the edge - wearing just some boxers, from the looks of it. 

Curious, she jogged on over to him, and walked up behind him, "Not thinking of jumping, are you?" She asked. Merrick turned around, and looked up at her. The way his eyes looked... He looks as if he was expecting her. 

"No..." He said as he turned back to the sea, "Just... Remembering, I guess..."

"Ah, ok..." Donna glanced at his neck, her eyes locking onto a tribal heart symbol on his flesh, "That's a neat tattoo you got there." Merrick's fingers tensed on the rock, "I think it's pretty." 
