 Charlie and Alex lived only a couple of blocks from Toby, so we walked there in a few minutes. 

"Hey, man, come on in!" Charlie said when he opened the door and saw Toby; I could hear the TV in the room and smell weed. "We're not doin' much, as you can see... Who's your friend?" He was looking at me. 

"This is Emil- you know, I told you about him... We've hung out since grade school," Toby said, "but recently we've gotten to know each other a lot better... Kinda' like the three of us have over the last few weeks..." 

Charlie laughed a low, knowing laugh and looked in my eyes for a couple of seconds. He was even darker than Toby, with very large, soft eyes and full lips- not oversized, but attractive... kissable, you might say. The rest of him looked to be about my height, but made of huge, solid muscle. He turned in the direction of the television. 

"Hey, Alex- Toby's here with his friend he told us about... This is Emil..." 

I looked around the corner to see Alex sitting on the couch, toking on a joint. Smiling, he looked up at me through long dreadlocks, his smile getting bigger when he saw me; he got up and walked over to us. He was gorgeous (and I realized I'd never thought that about a guy), about my height and slender with honey-brown skin; he wore a loose-fitting tank, and his jeans looked painted on, accentuating a full, round ass, and an incredibly long cock... 

"Pretty," he said, running his hand down my arm as he looked in my eyes. "Toby, you sure were right when you called him luscious... Come on in, Emil... have a seat by me..." 

'Luscious'... I'd never heard that word applied to a person, and I never guessed I'd hear it applied to me; it felt good, though. Alex walked back and sat down, turning to me and patting the couch next to him; I sat down as he handed me the burning doobie. The scent of patchouli filled my nostrils as I sank into the cushion next to him, and I felt my senses already beginning to open as I took a hit. 

Toby sat across the coffee table from us in an overstuffed chair, and I was aware of the distance, feeling disconnected- especially when Charlie sat down next to me on the other side. I felt awkward and trapped between the two strange black guys, and I tensed up a little... then I consciously made myself relax, remembering they were friends of Toby's. 

I took a big hit on the joint, passing it to Charlie. His fingers stayed longer than necessary on my hand as we made the exchange. I stroked them with my own, looking in his eyes as he took the joint; we smiled at each other. The discomfort evaporated, and I settled into feeling the warmth of Toby's two friends pressing against my sides. 

Charlie was built quite differently than Alex; his t-shirt's sleeves were tight around big biceps, his shoulders were huge, and his pecs stood out, too; Alex was extremely slender, without visible muscles but with smooth, honey-colored skin. Alex's hand drifted over to my thigh and began to caress it. I leaned back into the cushion and opened my arms, lifting them behind their heads to the back of the couch; Alex leaned in against me; Charlie's hand dropped to my other thigh. 

"I like to get naked when I'm high... hope you don't mind, Emil," Alex said, then stood up and peeled off his jeans and tank top. He was already hard, and my eyes fastened onto it- he was every bit as big as Toby... "How about you?" he asked. 

The question was directed at me, forcing my attention away from his phallus. I stood and did the same, followed quickly by Charlie and Toby. All of us were hard; Toby's and Alex's were the biggest- Charlie's cock was a little more slender and not quite as long; Alex's cock looked almost exactly like Toby's, just a little lighter... I think mine was the smallest of the four, but at almost nine inches I wasn't embarrassed. I'm only well-endowed; they were fucking huge... 

"I see everybody's ready to play," Charlie said quietly. I smiled at him. 

Alex dropped to his knees in front of me and began to lick and suck on the head of my cock as he stroked it, moaning. He looked even more slender as he knelt, knees together, holding onto my hips. 

"Ohhhhhhh... you taste so goooood... it's so hot to suck you, man," he said as he looked up at me. "You need a taste, too, don'cha, Emil?" he said as he stood up in front of me, legs apart. I immediately dropped to my knees in front of his dark brown shaft; he put one hand on my head, the other around his cock, and pulled my mouth onto it. 

I reached through his thighs with one hand to grab his ass while the other stroked the base of his cock. I looked up into his eyes, my mouth licking and sucking on his delicious silken flesh, moaning. 

"Suck that cock, white boy," he said. "Ohhyeahhhhh... I'm gonna make you my slave..." 

'Sounds fine to me', I thought, but didn't answer; I just sucked him. His cock felt and tasted too good to stop and talk about it... I ran my hands over his body, over his hard stomach and up onto his chest, then down onto his small, round, perfect ass, pulling his cock even deeper into my throat. I finally let his asscheeks go and stroked his cock with both hands, sucking on the head and moaning as I licked it. 

"Ooooooooohhhhh... suck that thing, white boy," he said. "You love to suck that cock, don'cha? Such a beautiful cocksucker... such long, soft hair... and I love lookin' down at your pretty white mouth suckin' me, Emil... oooohhhhhhh... suck my cock, white boy..." 

"Hey... you guys..." Charlie's voice broke the mood momentarily. "Let's go back to my room; it's got a big bed..." 

Alex helped me to my feet, putting one hand on my ass as we walked down the hall. 

"You're fucking gorgeous, man," he said softly. "This is going to be so hot..." 

*-*-*-*-* 

When we walked into the room, Charlie was already on the bed between Toby's knees, sucking him; Toby lay up against the headboard, his hands around Charlie's shaved head. Alex pushed me onto my back beside him, sucking me immediately and moaning as he ran his hands over my body, eyes open, watching everything his fingers touched. He lifted his head, both hands still stroking my cock. 

"Come in my mouth, okay, Emil? I want you to come in it... I want to taste it and swallow it... Fuck my face and come... Use my face and come... Okay? Mmmmmmmm..." 

He didn't wait for an answer, just lowered his mouth back down onto my cock, sliding his tongue underneath it as he sucked on the head and stroked the base with his hand. His dreads drifted back and forth on my stomach as my climax began to build, and my hands tightened around his head. 

I felt no resistance from him as I fucked his mouth, using his head like a fuck-doll's, his soft lips staying tight around the shaft and his tongue swirling around it as I moved it in and out. 

"Here it comes, Alex... here it is, you sweet cocksucker... Ohhhhhyeahhhhhh..." 

Alex sucked and swallowed, whimpering and moaning, lips and tongue working the whole time as he stroked it. He looked up when I released his head, a string of come running between his mouth and the head of my cock. 

"That was so hot- and gentle, Emil..." he said very quietly. "You're kind... and you're delicious... mmmm-hmmm... You can come in my mouth anytime..." 

I pulled him up next to me, amazed by how little he weighed and how small his body felt. I licked the come off his chin and then kissed him, opening his soft lips with my tongue, slowly exploring his mouth as he did the same to mine. I got hard again immediately; he still was. When we broke the kiss, he sat up, lit the joint again and passed it to me. 

I sat up, too, and we watched as Toby came in Charlie's mouth; Charlie's hands were both around the shaft, squeezing and pumping as he sucked and swallowed manically. Nothing leaked out between his lips and Toby's cock. 

"Good job, Charlie," Alex said, laughing... Then he looked at me. "I really want to fuck you, Emil... that creamy white ass is 'way too hot..." 

For an answer, I kissed him again, driving my tongue down his throat, then got up, sliding down to the foot of the mattress and lying on my back- I knew he'd have to fuck me from that position, at least at first- his cock was 'way too big to start from any other... 

My pulse was racing as I waited impatiently to feel his hands on me. He got up, grabbed a lube tube and, holding one of my cheeks, slipped it inside me; then he used his fingers in me, inserting them slowly one at a time, stretching me. I pushed back against them... 

"Ohhhyeahhh... your fingers feel so niiice, Alex... ohhhhhhh..." 

The muscles relaxed pretty easily since Toby's monster had been in there so recently... Alex stood there on the floor, an arm around my thigh, lubing his huge cock with his hand; then he put the head inside me. He looked in my eyes and then down at his cock as he began thrusting, both arms around my white thighs now, holding them against his honey-colored chest. I moaned and squirmed as it slid deeper and deeper. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh... that's incredible, Alex... so far up inside... ohhhhhhhhhhhh... keep on... all the way... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

I could feel the ridge on the head of his cock moving further and further, going 'way far up inside me, and it made me writhe and push up against him, craving more... fuck meee... 

"I'm your slave, Alex," I said, looking up into his eyes, using his word to me earlier. "Fuck your white-boy's cunt, daddy... ohhhhhhhhhhhh... I need your big cock 'way up in my ass... ohhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhh... I love it 'cause it's long and hard... this white boy needs you to fuck him, daddy... ohhhhhhh... he loves it... fuck me, Alex... fuck me, Alex... fuck me, Alex... ohhhhhhhhhh..." 

Alex's hands stayed busy kneading my ass and thighs, then slid up over my stomach and chest as he lowered his mouth until his soft lips pressed against mine. His tongue shoved itself into my mouth, and I sucked on it as soon as it was in far enough, running around it with my own. I rolled my hips up to get his long cock inside me even deeper, my hands going to his asscheeks to pull him tight as I raised and spread my thighs. 

"You're a hot, beautiful black daddy," I whispered in his ear, "and your white bitch loves what you're doin' to her..." 

I brought my mouth back onto his, one hand on the back of his neck, the other arm around his back, my ankles over his ass as I pushed up onto his long, slowly driving cock, impaled by it as I sucked on his tongue. 

Kissing was something I'd never done much of, but right now it was one of my favorite forbidden-sex acts- the excitement of simply French-kissing a black guy combined with it being Alex- beautiful, slender, long-cocked, sexy Alex... He shoved his long tongue into my throat again at the same time he drove and flexed his cock 'way up in my ass, and I squirmed and groaned, voraciously sucking his tongue, then shoving mine into his throat... 

He finally released me and stood up again, holding tight to my thighs as he kept up his slow, deep penetration. His eyes stayed locked on mine as we fucked, except when they strayed to wander over my body, following his hands again... 

"You really love my white ass, don't you, Alex?" I whispered after a while. "I'm the biggest turn-on you've ever had your cock in, huh?" I knew I was taking a big chance... 

"Yeah," he said softly, still looking in my eyes. After a moment, though, he averted his. 

"What's wrong?" I said. 

"I'm not supposed to feel like this... wanting somebody like you... like this... I feel it even while I'm fucking you- I crave your body... I love looking at and touching your skin... and your round, creamy ass... you're such a gorgeous, hot fuck... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

"Show me," I said. "Kiss me again, daddy... Fuck me with your tongue while you come in my white ass. Let it happen... Let all your love and your craving out... Come in me, Alex..." 

With a groan, he lowered his head and kissed me, his hands going to my ass as he drove his cock deep inside me again and again, faster and faster, his mouth against mine and his tongue in my throat as I held onto his head with both hands. I sucked his tongue and slowly squirmed, twisted, and undulated on his long, long cock as his movements became more and more frenetic, his arms tightening around my shoulders. 

He finally screamed into my mouth as his cock began to pulse and shoot again and again 'way up inside me; I tightened my sphincter around him when he withdrew even an inch, then opened wide and pushed up when he thrust back in. 

I broke the kiss and put my mouth by his ear. "I love how you fuck me, daddy... Never, ever stop fuckin' me... ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, daddy... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, sweet daddy... fuck your bitch... fuck your white boy-slut... fuck your boy-cunt... keep onnnnn fuckin' me... ohhhhhhhhhh... I love it... I need it... ohhhhhhhhhhh... your cock is soooo... fuckin'... hot... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

Alex stayed hard after he came, keeping his long shaft deep in me. The only differences I could feel between before and after his orgasm were a slightly slower fucking tempo and a new slickness as his massive phallus slid back and forth in his come, deep in my cock-channel... 

I whispered again, "You've never fucked a white guy before, have you, Alex?" 

He shook his head, moaning as he held my hipbones with both hands and twisted them back and forth, making his cock turn this way and that inside me and sending new sensations rocketing through my body. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh... well, you're really doin' it now... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck me, daddy... mmmmmmmmmmm..." 

I grabbed his head and kissed him again, this time gently sucking on his lips and tongue as we moved our bodies in a slow, ecstatic dance. He broke the kiss and raised his head up a few inches, his cock still moving inside as he looked in my eyes. I tightened my arms and legs around him, pressing up against his hips and squeezing with my anal muscle. 

"I can't get enough of you," I said, holding his gaze. "Every move of that long black snake inside me makes me want more... I'm a nasty, ass-fuckin', insatiable bitch for your cock, daddy... This white bitch craves your black cock, daddy... I love what you do to me, Alex... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhh... and nobody else has ever done it... ohhhhhhhhhhhhh... Hell, I don't even know you... how can I need you like this? But I need it so bad, Alex... jus' fuck me... fuck meeeeee..." 

He lowered his mouth back to my ear. "I don' know what's happ'nin' t'me, either," he whispered. "All I know is I never... never... wanted anybody like this... You're nothin' but a beautiful... nasty... cock-suckin'... nigger-lovin' white bitch... Ohhhhhhhh, you're so damn hot... Damn it, cunt- get on your feet and stick out your white ass so I can see it while I fuck it..." 

He pulled out of me, waiting with his cock in one hand while I struggled to stand, my body still awash in sensation. I spread my legs and leaned forward until my hands were on the wall, my ass sticking out, back arched, looking back at him. 

Alex got behind me and fucked his long shaft slowly back into me, holding the tops of my hipbones as he thrust inwards again and again until he pressed against my asscheeks. I squirmed on his invading pole, eyes closing in new ecstasies as the big ridged head plowed ahead deeper, ever deeper... and now, because the shaft had been rotated half a turn, all the sensations were exquisitely different. 

"Ohhhhhyeahhhhh... fuck me, Alex... fuck me, fuck me, fuck me... ohhhhhhhh... I love your cock, love your cock, love your cock... ohhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhh..." I moaned the words over and over as he drove slowly in and out... 

First one, then two more pairs of hands were on me, moving over my torso, gently squeezing my neck; after a little, they pulled my own hands from the wall to put them on Charlie's waist. Alex paused as they got me onto my knees, but then Charlie's black cock appeared in front of my face and pressed against my lips; they opened immediately. 

I moaned and grabbed the round ass behind it, pulling the huge shaft in as far as I could. Hands held my head firmly as the cock began to fuck my mouth in time with Alex's movements in my ass. I groaned, sucked, and writhed while he held onto my hips, thrusting 'way up into me, again and again. 

"Mmmmunghhhhhhhhh... mmmmunghhhhhhhhh... mmmmmunghhhhhhhhh..." 

The cock in my mouth started moving faster than Alex's, and the grip of the hands tightened a little. I sucked like mad, stroking the base of the big shaft, trying to pull the orgasm out of it, swallowing, sucking, licking, moaning, writhing... 

Charlie started talking, his voice low-pitched and breathy: "Suck it, white boy... suck that big, black cock... you're really a black-cock lover, aren't you, bitch? It turns you on be face-fucked by a black man, doesn't it? And it turns you on even more to be spit-roasted by two of 'em, huh? Come on, you cute little pussy-boy, tell me how much you love it... Look up here and tell me..." He pulled his cock out. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh... I loooove Alex's cock in me... I'll always want him to fuck my ass... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... and I want you to fuck my face, Charlie... fuck it with this big black cock and then fill my mouth with your come. I want to squeeze your asscheek while I stroke your luscious cock... This white boy loves suckin' you, Charlie... mmmmmmmmmmm..." 

I sucked him back into my mouth as far as I could, looking up at him the whole time. Just like I said I would, I caressed and kneaded his impossibly round ass while I stroked the massive shaft in my mouth. I moaned, gasped, groaned and whimpered, finding myself in a zone of unparalleled sensation, constantly swinging back and forth between craving and satisfaction, from intensity to intensity as the two cocks continued to drive me. 

Charlie looked down at me. "Ohhhhhh... here it is, white boy... it's what you've been waitin' for... here it comes, bitch... ohhhhhhhhhhhyeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

He held onto my head, leaning back and making the tendons in his neck stand out, striated muscles rippling under the taut skin of his chest and stomach... I stroked and sucked as he fucked my face with amazingly gentle thrusts, my mouth filling with his warm, delectable salty-sweet juice; sucking and swallowing, sucking and swallowing, I took it all. 

No sooner had he let me go than Toby's cock replaced his. I looked up at him, smiled, and sucked, moaning with satisfied desire as he filled my mouth. Sensation rushed from my lips and tongue, and from Alex's cock moving 'way up inside my ass... 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

"I'm not gonna come," Toby said gently. "I'm just gonna use that sweet mouth for awhile... You don't mind, do you, Emily?" 

I let him go long enough to answer him. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh... I love bein' your fuck-toy... your white cunt... fuck my mouth... use my mouth... ohhhhhhhhhhh... fuck my mouth, Toby... mmmmmmmmm." 

Soon, however, the hard floor got uncomfortable on all of our knees, and they both pulled out and led me back to the bed. Alex pushed me onto my back at the edge and thrust back inside immediately; I wrapped my arms and legs around him, curling up to meet him as he drove into me. We were soon lost in another deep kiss, writhing and moaning as our tongues wrestled slowly. We rolled around until I was on top; I sat up and rode his cock like a cowgirl, staring into his eyes. 
