 I guess you'd say I was a nerd in high school-- neither athletic enough to run with the jocks nor cool enough to belong to the 'in' crowd. My few friends were on the outside of things, too, it seemed. 

A kid down the street had showed me how to jerk off sometime in the seventh grade, and I escaped to that fantasy world at least once a day after discovering it: Everyone willingly cooperated with my desires, without abuse or rejection. Sexual fantasy became my safe place where I hid from the miseries of everyday teen existence. 

However, since religious condemnation of practically all sex was causing much of that misery, the act of masturbation itself brought down guilt after it ended-- which drove me to hide there again... (The guilt was always post-orgasmic... The sensations I would feel on the way up to one-- even if they were to last a half-hour or more-- erased all the guilt and fear that came before it. The ecstasy was worth whatever followed. 

I don't know how long my sexuality and I might have remained locked up in my room together if I hadn't been picked up the Monday Night Club. 

It was a bitterly cold evening in mid-January during my senior year, I was walking home after dark when a car pulled up to the curb. A familiar voice called my name and offered me a ride, so I got into the back seat without really noticing any faces... 

That's the last thing I remember until I woke up in a dimly lit room, naked and blindfolded and sitting on a wooden chair. I was immobilized, my hands cuffed behind me; both the cuffs and the chair were fastened to the hardwood floor. 

"He's coming around," I heard a male voice say quietly. 

"Emil, don't be afraid," the soft voice said. "We're not going to hurt you... but we are going to change your life. You won't be the same after tonight. Now, would you like to start the evening with something to drink? You can have beer or wine, whichever you prefer-- it'll help you relax. What'll it be?" 

My mouth felt like the bottom of a birdcage, and both options sounded good right then. 

"Uh, a beer, I guess... what's going on here?" 

"Here, drink up," the voice said, and the rim of a glass pressed against my lower lip. I swallowed as the glass was tipped up, and the cool liquid flowed down my dry throat. It tasted like other beer I'd had, but a little different, creating a good, warm feeling inside. 

"Tonight is your initiation," the voice continued. "Here, have some more.." 

I swallowed again and again, the beer tasting better and better as its warmth began to spread through my body. 

"What kind of initiation?" I asked. "I haven't joined any clubs..." 

"No, but you've been chosen by members who are already in this one to be part of it. So, just relax, now, Emil. You'll be glad you did. We're sure of it." 

Someone behind me released the cuffs from my wrists as two more pairs of hands took hold of my arms and lifted me to my unsteady feet, leading me through a door and over a carpeted floor to a couch. They sat me down in the middle of it, my arms stretched out along the back where they were individually cuffed to stay that way; my ankles were fastened down this time, too. 

The couch was made of a rough fabric, and I moved my back, butt, and legs gently across it, realizing I enjoyed the feeling. Then two hands began to move lightly across my body, one on my torso and the other on my thigh. Their soft caresses felt amazingly good on my skin, and I squirmed a little on the couch. 

"Hey, is this some kind of sex club?" I started to say. "Uh, listen, I don't know if..." 

"Just relax, Emil. You'll understand soon. Don't worry... just let it happen..." 

In spite of my being blindfolded, naked, and feeling totally exposed in front of strangers, my cock had started to rise as the warm fingers and hands kept caressing me; the feelings they were causing were so delicately inflammatory that it was impossible to resist enjoying them. 

Then someone sat next to me and two more hands joined the first two, one on my stomach and the last on my other thigh, and I gave in to letting the sensations from all four of them flow through me, falling back against the couch, breathing audibly. My cock was now standing up, hard. 'Well, that's what you get,' I thought, completely unashamed now as I surrendered to the hypnotic hands. 

Then warm fingers wrapped around my cock and began gently stroking up and down. I moaned, thrusting upwards reflexively with my hips. 

"It's really a nice one, isn't it?" another male voice said quietly. "Just look at the size of the head... Mmmmmmmmmmm..." 

Warm lips slid down over it, then went further and further down the shaft, the tongue licking and pressing against the underside. I'd never felt anything like it in my life, and I thrust upwards again with my hips, trying to get deeper into that exquisite mouth. When I did, however, the hands that had been caressing me stopped moving and held me still. 

"Relax," the voice said again. "Don't struggle... Let it happen..." 

The hot mouth slid further down onto my cock, lips working, licking... I moaned again, completely focused on the warm, slippery mouth that just kept on sucking... and the hands still moving over my skin... I was breathing faster and my cock was pulsing... 

Then whoever had been sitting next to me moved, getting up on his knees and turning around to face me. I guessed what was about to happen, but I'd never imagined my reaction to it: Two hands held my head gently, turning it slowly to the side... warm, smooth, hairless skin touched my mouth. 

I could feel the heat of the other body as the hands held me still and the head of a cock pressed between my lips. They automatically opened wide with a welcome that seemed completely outside of my control, and the cock slid through them and over my tongue, filling my mouth. 

A salty flavor under a musky scent filled my head as the big, taut-skinned shaft drove to the back of my throat; I moaned, then squealed in surprise around the pulsing phallus as a powerful, almost electrical charge rushed from my head down to my own cock, making me come instantly and explosively in whoever's mouth was working on it... That mouth sucked and swallowed manically, like its owner was really into my come... 

Someone unlocked the cuffs on my arms right then, and my hands came up to hold onto the smooth asscheeks in front of me, pulling the throbbing cock deeper into my mouth as I licked, sucked, moaned, and mewled, lust and excitement coursing through me like never before. 

Almost immediately, the hands on my head tightened and the cock thrust inwards more forcefully; I held onto the flexing asscheeks, focused on working toward the coming climax. I could feel it pulsing and pumping on my tongue, then filling my mouth with warm, salty-sweet come, more and more until I coughed and it ran down my chin... But I kept on, hardly noticing, fixated on the warm shaft, its scents and flavors, its feel as it slid in and out... Ohh... I... love... your... cock... 

Consumed now with cock-lust, inflamed by the orgasm in my mouth, I sucked him, holding the smooth asscheek with one hand while I stroked the cock's base with the other, trying to pull out and swallow as much as I could. When he finally slipped out, someone kissed me and then licked all the rest of the come off my face, chin and neck as I gasped for breath. 

'How could I have done that?' I thought as I fell back against the couch. 'I just sucked a guy off and I loved it! I was so... ready for it... It felt so hot... And I've never been so turned on...' 

Someone loosened the restraints on my ankles, lifting me to my feet and leading me to a padded leather frame where I was made to kneel, ass exposed and slightly elevated, with my chest resting on a pad; the leather was very soft and comfortable. My ankles, spread apart, were once again restrained while a wide leather belt was tightened at my waist, holding me to the frame. My arms, hands, and head were free, but my ass was held in place by the belt. 

It wasn't hard to guess what would happen next: I was going to be fucked. 

"Leave the blindfold on," someone said, when I reached up to adjust it. I obeyed, dropping my hands at once. 

The helpless position I was in made thoughts of resistance evaporate as soon as they appeared, and I felt myself involuntarily yielding inside to whatever they intended to do-- the first part of this 'initiation' certainly had turned out well... I realized that I was actually anticipating finding out what the rest of this was all about with mounting excitement, wanting it to start... 

Someone offered me more beer, and I drank it willingly, reveling in the warm comfort of whatever was in it as it spread through me. Then, fingers began to massage the backs of my exposed thighs and asscheeks, slowly working their way to my asshole, and finally one of them pushed its way inside. 

I could tell there was some kind of lube on it, and I did my best to relax as it worked its way into me; to my surprise, it actually felt really good once it was in there, and I began to work my ass back onto it. But then a second finger pushed in beside it, making me gasp from the pain. 

"Agh!" I cried out. "It stings!" 

"Relax," a voice said. "Just relax, Emil... It'll feel better soon..." 

I did the best I could to comply; the fingers started jiggling very fast, making the stinging disappear quickly and replacing it with a warm glow. When a third finger was inserted, it didn't sting nearly as much as the second, and after a moment I was actually squirming on the three of them as they worked themselves further and further inside. Now they felt really good... 

"What an incredible bubble-butt you've got, Emil," I heard an oddly familiar voice say. "I can hardly wait to get into it..." The words caused another rush of excitement inside-- there was no doubt about what was going to happen now. What would it feel like? 

Several hands caressed my ass as the fingers continued their work of insertion and expansion; after they pulled out, I felt oddly empty. Then a slim tube slid inside me, going in several inches before I felt coolness coming out of it; then it slipped out and disappeared. 

As soon as the tube was removed, I felt someone's legs opening my knees as a single pair of hands spread my ass apart. 'Here it comes', I thought, trying to relax as my pulse raced. 'I hope it doesn't hurt too much.' 

It didn't hurt at all. The head of the stranger's cock immediately pushed and slid inside my already stretched-open hole, going easily through the entrance that had stung so much before, continuing to thrust into me inch by inch until the hard body behind me pressed against my ass-cheeks. I almost didn't notice the outside contact when it happened, though, because the sensations from the cock-head now deep inside me were nearly overwhelming, sensory tsunamis that began deep inside me and went out to my scalp and fingertips with every movement, rolling waves of non-stop super-orgasmic feelings that I'd never imagined even being possible. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck meeeeeee..." I heard someone moaning, then realized it was me; by that time I didn't care who knew-- or who heard me beg for more. "Fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeeee... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck my aaaaass!" 

Then hands were on my head, lifting it as yet another cock pressed my lips apart. I sucked it in hungrily, my own hands reaching around to grasp the smooth ass-cheeks behind it, pulling it into my mouth as I moaned and sucked noisily. 

'Ohhhhhhhhhhhh... use me, fuck me, use me, come in me... ohhhhhhhhhhhh...' The thoughts rolled unhindered through my lust-filled brain. I squirmed on the cock in my ass as much as I could until someone finally removed the restraints around my waist and ankles; then I reached back, grasping the hips behind me as I undulated my torso, writhing on the impaling pole and feeling it slither inside me, waves of sensation rising higher, drowning my brain beneath them. 

Whoever was in front of me then began to truly fuck my mouth, holding my head tighter and tighter as his orgasm approached, thrusting his cock in as far as he could. 'Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhunnnnnnnngk... fuck me, use me, fuck me, use me... fuck me, come in me, ohhhhhhhhhhhhnnnngrk...' 

I sucked it as best I could, finally reaching up with one hand to stroke the large, pulsing base. He came then, shooting into the back of my throat until it ran all over my tongue, out of my mouth, and down my chin. Whoever was fucking my ass came then, too, driving into me hard and fast; the waves of sensation coming out from his moving cock were made of such liquid, rushing heat that I felt like I was dissolving in an ocean of come... 

As soon as the first two cocks pulled out, they were replaced by two more, and I was fucked in both ends by maybe a dozen guys before half an hour was gone. It wasn't enough for me, though-- I felt insatiable-- the door had been opened into a soul-deep craving that I'd never suspected was even there... 

They kept my ass well-lubed and slippery the whole time, and the level of sensation seemed to build with every new cock that went into me, long and short, fat and skinny, curved and straight. My jaws were beginning to cramp a little, but I needed to feel another cock in my mouth too much to consider asking anyone to stop... 

Mmmmm... thrusting... pumping... sucking... licking... writhing... fucking... 

*-*-*-*-*-* 

After the last one had come in my ass, hands took my upper arms, lifting me to my feet and removing the blindfold. It took a moment before I was able to stand on my own and see clearly; when I looked up, there were six naked guys around me, smiling-- all guys I'd seen at school, with many others that I didn't recognize behind them, scattered throughout the room. 

I got back down on my knees in front of the ones I knew, slowly licking and sucking each of their hard cocks in turn as I looked up into their eyes; there was no reason now to pretend I didn't love doing it... It gave me a thrill, making out like I was their cock-sucking slave. The last one I sucked was Steve, a friend from years back and a couple of blocks over... 

"It's your turn, now," he said afterward when I looked up at him. "You're in... You can fuck whoever you want..." 

I immediately got behind him, my hard cock standing up between his slender ass-cheeks as I held his narrow body. He ground his ass back against me as I ran my hands over his chest and torso, nuzzling his ear through his long blonde hair. 

"On your knees on the fuck-bench," I whispered, gesturing to the thing I'd been kneeling on; he got down and bent over it without hesitation. Someone handed me some lube, and I covered my throbbing cock with it. Steve already had a lot of lube on him and his anal opening was still dilated from someone before me, so I just went on and put the head of my cock right inside him. 

"Ready?" 

"You have no idea how ready... Fuck me, Emil..." 

I put my hands on his waist, surprised as they went nearly around it, and pulled him back onto my cock, stopping with it about halfway in, overcome with sensation. He was practically hairless, and what little blonde fuzz was there on his body was nearly invisible; I ran my hands over his smooth ass before returning them to his waist. 

"All the way, Emil... please... all the way," he said, his voice low and trembling. 

I thrust forward and pulled him back; my cock slid easily to the hilt in him until his cheeks flattened against my stomach. He reached back and grabbed my hips, squirming on my cock and groaning. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck me, fuck me... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck me, Emil," he mumbled, his head turning from side to side. I put my hands on his narrow shoulders, pulling his slender body back hard against me as I flexed my cock inside him. I'd never felt anything like it in my life-- the squeezing of a sphincter on the base of my cock, the warm, slippery silkiness of his inner channel as I moved back and forth in him-- and I came in seconds, grabbing his hipbones as I pulled him back even tighter against me, rotating his body on my cock like a doll's. He squirmed and undulated his torso, whimpering and moaning as I came in him. 

I pulled out slowly when I'd caught my breath; I was still hard. Someone that I didn't recognize slid his big cock into Steve's ass as soon as I moved aside; Steve moaned, squirming and pushing onto the new intruder, reaching back to grab the hips that were driving it. Someone else held Steve's head up and started slowly fucking his mouth; he took it all the way into his throat, groaning deeply. 

I was surprised to see another friend from school, Ricky Erickson, standing there next to me-- he had maybe the most perfect body of anyone in the school, almost a Michaelangelo's 'David'. He'd been watching us, and he took my hand when I pulled out of Steve. 

"Bathroom's this way," he said, smiling, after we'd watched Steve getting spit-roasted for a moment. He put one hand on my ass and gave it a squeeze and a slight push forward. 

"Wow, Ricky... I had no idea that you..." I began awkwardly. 

"Most of us had no clue until we were 'initiated'..." he said softly, turning around to face me. "I was a little different, though-- my Uncle Teddy and some of his friends introduced me to gay sex a couple of years back. I've wanted you ever since we met, Emil-- I'm glad you got off on it all tonight... and I sure hope you haven't felt stalked by me..." 

I just chuckled. "No fear." 

When we got to the bathroom door, he put his hand behind my head and kissed me, shoving his tongue into my shocked but willingly opening mouth. Arms embraced as cocks and stomachs pressed together, hands explored backs, then asses; we parted breathlessly. It was the first time I'd ever held a naked body, male or female, against mine, and it was unbelievably hot. Once inside, we washed 'the naughty bits' quickly, then dried off. 

"I think one of the rooms is empty back here," Ricky said, taking my hand and leading me down a short hall. The last door was open, revealing an empty king bed inside. 

"Wait... not yet," I said, dropping to my knees in front of his stiff cock as I looked up into his eyes, then back down the empty hall. "I want to suck you on my knees right out here... I want everybody to watch me suckin' you, Ricky, naked with my ass stickin' out... and then maybe one of them will come down here and fuck me and come in my ass while you come in my mouth... that's what I want... ohmmmmmm..." 

"You're really into this, aren't you, Emil?" he said gently, stroking my head. 

I sucked on the big head of his cock, licking and sliding it around inside my open mouth, then working my lips down the shaft as I stroked the base with my hand. He held my head with both hands then, his fingers going gently through my hair as his hips began a slow back-and-forth motion. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh... that's so good... so good... you really like to suck cock, don't you Emil?" 

I locked eyes with him again, moaning out loud as I first licked his entire cock and then sucked it back in to my mouth as far as I could before releasing it with a smile... 

"I love your cock, Ricky... I really need your cock... I need to suck your cock... mmmmmm..." I sucked him in. 

"Then you are a cock-slut after all, aren't you?" Ricky said softly, still looking down at me and caressing my head. I let him go again... 

"Yeah... I'm a cock-slut, Ricky... I never knew it before tonight, but I am. I love this..." A thrill went through me as I admitted it out loud, and I sucked his cock in a few more times just to show how true it was before I continued. "I didn't get fucked near enough just now... when the last one pulled out, I still wanted more-- more that would fuck my ass and my mouth and use me and come in me... mmmmmmm..." 
