 I didn't have any classes with Joe, so I stopped by his room during my lunch hour. 

"Oh, hello, Emil," he said as he looked up. "I'm glad to see you... What can I do for you?" 

His obviously non-committal question made me realize that we needed to play some word games, so if anyone overheard us they wouldn't guess anything... 

"I was just hoping you could help me with some problems I'm having with my term paper, Mr. Barnes... I've always had trouble with sentence structure." 

"Why don't you get your teacher to help?" he asked. 

"Miss Jordan's very busy, and she's kind of impatient, too. I thought if you had the time, you could show me..." 

"Be glad to, Emil. We'll get together later this week after school, okay? Ask me tomorrow- I'll know more of what my schedule looks like then..." 

He quickly scribbled something on a Post-It note and slid it across his desk to me. I covered it with my hand and stuck it in my pocket. 

"Thanks, Mr. Barnes... Talk to you tomorrow." 

I went out in the hall and made sure no one was around before I read the note. 'Sun 6', was all it said. I stuck my head around the door and gave him the okay sign. My heart was pounding; I had a date to be fucked, and I could hardly wait! 

*-*-*-*-*-* 

The rest of that week was wild (more on that later). By Sunday evening I was flying high with excitement, more than ready to play whatever games Joe had in mind. Since it was the dead of winter, it was full dark well before 6 p.m., and I walked quietly into Joe's backyard from the alley. I punched the code in for the door lock and went inside, finding Joe sitting on a couch, leafing through a magazine. It was still only a quarter to six. 

"You're early," he said with a smile, putting down the magazine and standing. "Couldn't wait?" 

His cock was obviously hard, standing up in his jeans, and I immediately unzipped him and pulled it out, dropping to my knees and sucking the delicious flesh into my mouth with a loud moan. His cock was about as big as mine, with a large, ridged head that I licked and sucked on before pulling it into the back of my throat and working on the shaft; the scent of expensive cologne filled my senses. I looked up into his eyes as I sucked him eagerly and noisily, whimpering as his fingers ran through my hair. 

"Suck me, cock-slut," he said softly. "Do what you love..." 

Right then, I did love having Mr. Barnes' cock in my mouth, and I stroked and sucked on it with passion, undoing his belt and waist-button, pulling his jeans down quickly before cupping one cheek with my other hand. Looking up at him again, I put both hands on his ass and pulled his cock all the way into my throat, my nose against his firm stomach as my tongue worked the bottom of the shaft. 

"God, that's good, Emil... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhyeahhhhhhhhhhh..." 

He came almost at once, his hands tight around my head as his cock pumped his come deep in my throat. I pulled back enough for some of it to shoot into my mouth, sucking on the shaft and swallowing as his orgasm ended. 

"You're delicious, Mr. Barnes," I said, wiping come off my mouth with the back of my hand and then licking it clean as I looked at him. "I'm your slave, sir... what are your desires, master?" 

"To fuck your brains out," he said, smiling; his cock was still hard. "Get naked." 

I nearly tore my clothes off; he was naked by the time I was, getting behind me at once and pressing his cock in between my asscheeks as his hands roamed over my chest and stomach. I leaned back onto him as a hand reached around to begin stroking my cock; I squirmed against his hard shaft until he spun me around and dropped to his knees to suck me. 

He deep-throated me, too, moaning as he pulled my body against his face. I held his head with both hands, my hips rocking gently, sliding my cock back and forth while he held onto my asscheeks, kneading them as he pumped the bottom of my cock with his tongue. I came about as quickly as he had, whimpering with ecstasy as we held onto each other. Afterwards, I was still hard, too... He lifted me to my feet and pulled me with him into the first bedroom, closing the door. 

"Are you going to fuck me, Mister Barnes?" I asked, making my voice small and feminine. He just smiled. 

"Sit on the bed, bitch," he said; I sat. "You need a few hits of this..." He lit a pipe and handed it to me as we both sat cross-legged, facing each other on the mattress. We passed it back and forth a few times before he set it down in a holder on the nightstand. 

I reached over and stroked him. "Fuck me, Mr. Barnes... Please..." I said, my voice pleading as I looked in his eyes. "I need this cock inside me... really deep inside me..." 

He chuckled, reaching over to the nightstand for the lube tube. 

"On your back... edge of the bed," he said. I immediately lay down with my ass just off the edge. He stood between my upraised thighs and worked the lube tube into me, then pushed the plunger in. His finger slipped inside when the tube was removed, followed by a second one, which stung like hell. 

"Aghh!" I gasped before I could stop myself. 

He looked in my eyes as he began to jiggle the two fingers; the pain slowly faded... The fingers were feeling good even before the pain stopped, and when it did, I pushed up on them and squirmed. 

"You like that now?" he asked as he worked them deeper. 

"Ohhhhh... yessss... I doooo... ohhhhh..." 

He immediately drove a third finger in beside the other two, making me gasp again; it didn't sting as much, though, and I was squirming on the three of them in a few seconds. I raised up to watch, and soon all three fingers were up past the second knuckle. 

"Oh, yes... oh, yesss... oh yesss... ohhhhhh, fuck me... fuck me..." 

He slowly removed his fingers and slathered his cock with lube. 

"Feet on the floor; lean over the bed," he said, his voice low and husky. 

I obeyed immediately, and he grabbed my right thigh, lifting the knee up onto the mattress before spreading my cheeks apart. 

"Ready, slut?" he said softly in my ear as he leaned over me, holding the head of his cock against my open asshole. 

"Ohhhhh, yesssssss, mister... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." I moaned as the big shaft began to slide into me. "Fuck me... fuck me... fuck me, Mister Barnes... fuck meeeeeeeeeeee..." 

He held onto my hips, keeping them tight against the edge of the mattress as he drove his cock in for the first thrust; after the second he whispered in my ear. 

"Half-way, Emil. How is it?" 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... good... soooo goood... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

Two thrusts later, I felt the skin of his belly against my cheeks, and I squirmed, twisting my hips, making his cock slide around inside as it went even deeper. He groaned and pressed his weight down on me, leaning over my back, his elbows on the mattress. He flexed inside me and I pushed my ass up onto his cock and squirmed some more, squeezing the base with my sphincter. Joe raised up and put both hands on my hipbones; then he started fucking me, pulling halfway out before driving the slick shaft all the way back in. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhh... ohhhh... fuck me... ohhh... fuck me..." 

He used me like I was a weightless doll, sometimes slapping against my ass-cheeks, making my insides rush with the sensations of his cock's slick friction, then pulling out oh-so-slowly before re-entering the same way, pulling me back as he flexed it deep inside. 

I moaned and whimpered into the bed, eyes closed and hands gripping the covers, feeling his hard shaft sliding deep inside while the crumpled sheet slid against my skin. Still holding my hips, he drove as far in as he could, then let the natural resilience of my cheeks make his cock slide out a little before pulling me back onto it again. 

Then, to my surprise, he pulled out and flipped me over onto my back. He quickly lubed his cock again, then spread my knees and drove it home... before lifting me off the bed. 

One hand was under my hips, the other under my back as he picked me up and pulled me against him, keeping his cock deep inside. I reached up and closed my hands behind his neck, my thighs up against him as both of his hands went to my ass-cheeks. I looked up in his eyes as he started thrusting with his hips, his hands holding my ass, making it move like he wanted. 

"Fuck me, Joe Barnes,' I said, squeezing his cock when it was in deep. "This cock-slut loves what you're doin'... fuck me... fuck me... fuck me," I said as he drove his cock into me. 

"You gonna come in my boy-cunt?" I asked in a small voice. "I'd love to feel that big cock pulsin'... and shootin'... 'way up inside, Mr. Barnes... Shoot your come in me, Mr. Barnes... Please, Mr. Barnes... ohhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhh..." 

A groan of primal lust came out of me when he flexed and drove his cock deep again, throwing his head back as his orgasm hit. I twisted on the impaling pole, milking it with my sphincter as it shot warm syrup 'way up inside me. 'Ohhhh... fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me...' 

As his climax faded, I closed my legs around his waist and lifted myself a little, fastening my mouth on his and shoving my tongue down his throat as I twisted on his cock. 

He staggered back over to the bed and lowered me back onto it, his cock slipping out as he did. 

"That was absolutely amazing, you little cunt," he said, laughing. 

"You did all the work," I said. 

He crawled up on the bed and threw himself back against the pillows at the headboard, then picked up the unfinished joint. He lit it and handed it to me. 

"You're too hot," he said. "I've never picked up anyone like that before..." 

We took several tokes before he laid the joint down. Then he slid down the bed, turned over on his front and raised his ass in the air. It was round, firm, smooth, and hairless, and my hand immediately reached out and began to stroke it. 

"Kiss it," he said. 

I pressed my mouth on the nearest cheek, nipping it lightly with my teeth before licking it. My mouth and tongue went slowly over to the crack between them, my fingers slipping toward his anus and finding the outside of a butt plug. I began to work it out of him as he moaned and squirmed; I worked slowly, sticking a couple of fingers in a nearby tub of lube and slathering it on my now very hard cock before pulling the plug all the way out. 

I slid both my lube-covered fingers into him as far as they'd go, making him squirm as I moved them inside. When I pulled them slowly out, I got behind him with my cock in my hand and drove it slowly home, pulling his ass back onto it and leaving it buried deep inside him, flexing it and shoving it, flexing and shoving... Joe mewled, squirming and pushing back. 

"Hey, Joe," I said, chuckling softly. "Conjugate the verb 'to ass-fuck'... let me hear it in all six forms and then use it in a sentence..." 

"Ohhhhhh... what the fuck, Emil? Ohhhhhhhhhhhh... Are you serious?" 

"No, but do it for me anyway..." 

"I ass-fuck... you ass-fuck... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... he ass-fucks... we ass-fuck... I love your cock 'way up in my ass, Emil... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... you ass-fuck... they ass-fuck... I love to ass-fuck... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhh... keep it deep and slow, daddy... I need that cock 'way up in my ass... I love gettin' ass-fucked by your nice, long cock..." 

He reached back with both hands and grabbed my hips, pulling me tight against his ass, squirming and moaning. I fumbled around and grabbed a couple of pillows, then stuffed them under him as I pressed him down. He cocked one leg up as he lay down on the pillows, and I thrust as far as I could into him, one hand under his thigh, the other on his waist. 

"You're a sweet little bitch," I whispered in his ear, both of us gasping in passion. "Suck my fingers." I pushed my index and the next finger into his mouth, and he sucked them in greedily, moaning as he slipped his tongue between and around them. I watched in lustful fascination as I wondered where the hell that idea had come from... He sucked on them together, slowly, like they were a single ice cream cone... well, actually, like they were a cock... "Yeah, that's right, bitch-baby... suck and fuck..." 

I lay down on him, one hand on top of the back of his hand, the other in his mouth; my mouth was by his ear as I drove ever so-slightly in and out of his firm, round ass... 

"Just suck and fuck," I said... "I don't mind at all if you suck my fingers and think of some cock, some guy's cock slidin' in and out of your mouth while mine slides in and out of your ass... I love your ass, Joe... it's so round and firm... you're really built for fucking, Joe... Now you let me know if I get too carried away and you need some more lube, okay?" 

Joe moaned and rolled his ass up against me, still sucking on my fingers. 

"Hey, Joe... you want me to call somebody to come over with the real thing?" 

He let my fingers slip slowly out of his mouth. "Well, actually... you don't need to..." He reached out and knocked sharply on the wall five times. "I asked Ricky to hang out in the next room in case we needed him..." 

I laughed. 

"But I wanted you to myself for a little, first," he said. 

Ricky came into the room and over to the bed, wearing a big smile, shrugging out of his robe on the way. His cock was hard, and it looked huge as it swayed slightly in front of us. Ricky stroked it with one hand, making the head swell and the skin look shiny before Joe grabbed it and sucked it into his mouth. 

"Uh... Mr. Barnes here needs to suck a cock," I said, "but I think you know that now... He's got a very fuckable ass, too, don'cha think? If you haven' fucked him yet, you've got to..." Then, putting my mouth by Joe's ear, I said, "Show him how you squirm, bitch... suck and fuck, Joe..." 

Joe was squirming, sucking, mewling and moaning, pulling Ricky's body tight against him as he pushed back onto my cock. With my mouth by his ear, I moaned, hummed, gasped, and sucked on his earlobe while I breathed heavily into it. 

"You've got a wonderful boy-cunt, Joey... I looooooove fuckin' it... I could fuck you all night... ohhhhhhhhhhhh... you're so beautiful... and so hot... and it's so hot to watch you suck that cock, Joey... I love to watch you... ...'cause you just love to suck cock... you really do make love to it, don'cha? 

"You just love to suck... you need to suck... there's nothin' better'n suckin' a cock... except to be ass-fucked by another one at the same time... you enjoy bein' a whore, don'tcha Joe? I can tell by the way you suck that cock... There's nothin' you crave more than gettin' double-fucked, is there, bitch? It's all only pretty hot until you get that second cock into you, huh? That's when your rocket ignites... Well, that's okay, Joey... There's nothin' I crave more, either... so squirm and suck, bitch... suck and fuck..." 

I came in him, then got on my knees while Ricky fucked me and Joe used my mouth again; it was a long, slow fuck, ending with us in the same positions but on our sides... We showered together and dressed, kissing each other before we left; it was just after 7:30 when Ricky and I stepped out into the cold night air. 

"See you tomorrow," I said before heading off into the alley. 

*-*-*-*-*-*