 I woke up horny that Saturday morning, with no time to relieve the pressure before I had to leave for the extra-credit chemistry lab at school. Everything seemed to take twice as long as I tried to get ready to go, and I left the house late: It would take at least a half hour to walk to class, and it started in five minutes. I struggled to keep my cock pointed down my pantsleg, trying not to think of anything sexy. The damned thing stayed in a constant state of half-hardness no matter what I did- even the friction from my clothes could get me hard... 

I was hurrying along the sidewalk, imagining the chilly reception I'd receive when I got to the lab, when a car pulled up to the curb; I could feel a heavy bass beat thumping, and a cloud of smoke drifted out as the passenger door opened. 

"Hey, Emil... whatcha say, my man? Need a ride?" It was Toby... 

"Sure do," I said. "Thanks a lot..." Toby was sitting in front with Alex, who was driving; I climbed into the back, squeezing in between two huge muscular black guys I'd never seen before. My first impression was that their scent was strong, but really good, like a combination of 'Obsession' cologne and patchouli essential oil. Toby turned around and smiled at me. 

"Emil, that's Barry on your right... and Floyd on the other side... Uh... Emil's the guy I told you both about... you know, when we hooked up at Charlie and Alex's place a while back..." 

'Wow... I didn't expect Toby to spread the news about that,' I thought. 'It sure was a hot time, though... oh, well... I can't say it didn't happen...' 

"Hey, man... it's really nice to meet you," Barry said, looking at me and then reaching down to stroke the inside of my thigh with his large, warm black hand. "Good timing..." 

Floyd put a hand on the inside of my other leg, sliding it slowly back and forth; my heart started pounding. I could feel my cock pulsing immediately... and slowly lengthening. Floyd noticed it, too, sliding his hand up to stroke it through my jeans. 

If I'd had a chance to invent a fantasy, it couldn't have been hotter than what they were starting to do right then... I thought I was horny before, but this feeling was over the top. I moaned a little, trying to keep it quiet... 

Barry's resonant voice covered any noise I was making. "Uhh... we weren't actually heading to your school, man... We'll drop you off there if you want, but we're really gonna go fuck... It looks to me like you might want to come with us," he said, looking at Floyd's moving hand. "You down for that?" 

"Ohhhhh... yeahhhh, I am," I managed. Barry immediately leaned over and put his large hand behind my neck, and his soft lips were over my mouth, forcing it open with his tongue; he tasted of sweetness and coffee, and my whole body seemed to melt into a pool of trembling excitement. I responded by sliding my tongue around his, putting a hand on his leg as he pulled his mouth tighter on mine. I was panting a little when he broke the kiss and handed me a fat doobie. 

"Better catch up with us,' he said, smiling, his voice low. Floyd had already gotten my jeans undone by that time, and I lifted my hips to let him pull them down over my ass to my knees; he leaned against me as his warm hand got my cock free and began to stroke it. I took a couple of big hits, and then a quick third before putting the joint in Floyd's mouth. He took a deep toke, then quickly covered my mouth with his and breathed into it. I squirmed against his hand on my cock as I pulled the smoke into my lungs, sucking on his tongue as he slipped it in. I was breathing hard by the time we broke that kiss. 

Alex turned around, looking down quickly at Floyd's hand on my naked cock and chuckling. "Better get your pants back on, man... We're here." 

He pulled into a parking space in a large apartment complex, and we walked toward one of the buildings. I felt 'way too horny for being outside like we were, and I could hardly wait for us all to get naked... I stared at the moving bodies in front of me, imagining how their skin might feel; my cock was so hard that it hurt, straining against my jeans... 

In the car, I could tell that Barry and Floyd were taller than the rest of us, but it was even more obvious now that we were out- they were both over six feet, easily... Their butts were high and round, flexing nicely in front of me... 

The apartment was on the top of a fourth-floor walk-up. Barry used his key to open the door into a typical apartment living room, and we went through it into one of the bedrooms. There were dark, thick curtains on the windows and a king bed with purple sheets on one side of the room; a hot pink leather couch was across from it. 

Just enough daylight came around the edges of the curtains to let us see our way around after Floyd closed and locked the bedroom door. Barry had already unbuttoned his shirt by then, and I stared as he took it off- the huge biceps, the rippled chest and stomach muscles demanded my attention. He saw me looking. 

"You can touch if you want," he said in that low, powerful voice. I reached out and let my fingers trail down over his huge pecs, circling and pinching the nipples before dropping to the six-pack below them. With my fingers still on his stomach, he undid his wide leather belt and jeans and dropped them to the floor, letting his long black cock stand up free. My comparatively small white hand immediately reached out to stroke it. 

Oh, yes... Hands from behind me were now on my shoulders, pushing me down, and I dropped to my knees. Holding my hair with one hand, Barry pushed the huge head of his cock into my willing mouth; the blood roared in my ears as I pulled even more of the massive cock in, and I began to suck and moan. It tasted of sweet oil and salty sweat, and the scent filled my nostrils... Mmmmmmmm... All my senses opened and rushed... 

Then their hands were all over me, quickly removing my clothes as I sucked, still holding onto the huge cock. When they pulled my shirt over my head, though, I had to let go of Barry, and that's when I noticed that everyone had gotten naked, their hard cocks all as close as his, pointing toward me. 

Floyd was standing hip to hip beside Barry, with Alex and Toby on either side of them. With a loud moan, I sucked Floyd's big cock into my mouth while I grabbed Alex's and Toby's with each hand, suddenly wild with cock-lust. I went back and forth between Floyd and Barry, sucking them noisily while stroking the other two. 

"Ah think we done got ouahselves a niggah-lovin' cock-suckah heah," Barry said in a mock-Southern-ghetto drawl, chuckling a little... 

I let his cock go and smiled up at him. "You sure do," I said. "I'm your cock-slut, Barry... and yours, too," I said, sucking Floyd's cock back into my mouth. 

Alex and Toby had their hands all over my waist, ass, and thighs, squeezing and caressing. Barry grabbed my upper arms and pulled me with him as he fell back onto the bed; I scrambled between his legs, kneeling and sucking him in as far as I could while someone shoved a face between my cheeks and stuck his tongue in my ass. Barry held my head as I sucked on the first couple of inches of his cock, stroking the rest with my right hand. 

I felt a lubed finger slide into my ass, feeling and stroking around inside, widening and relaxing my anal muscles. I squirmed on it while sucking with abandon on the black cock in my mouth. A sudden sharp stinging made me gasp and jerk as a second digit went in beside it and wiggled around; the fingers immediately began to shake rapidly until I pushed back on them; the pain receded, waves of pleasure rolling over it. 

The fingers went in all the way to the last knuckle, and I moaned, squirmed, sucked, and stroked as they twisted and massaged inside me. I waited expectantly for the third, and soon it pushed in beside the others, stretching me again but not hurting as much; I sucked the big cock more intensely, further back into my throat, willing my anus to expand and relax. 

Growing pleasure soon erased the little bit of stinging the entry of the last finger had caused, and I squirmed on the invading digits as they wormed their way in, twisting, pushing and curving around, making me whimper and moan. 

Then the fingers suddenly disappeared, replaced by a slender tube that shot cool lube into me before hands spread my cheeks apart again... and what I knew was the slippery head of a cock began its entry. I pushed back onto it, moaning and sucking Barry's cock like crazy... The other one slid inside my open ass, deliciously... 

Barry pulled my mouth off his cock, turning my face up to look at him. I stared blankly into his eyes, my concentration focused on the huge shaft moving inside me, slowly opening me up wider, driving deeper... deeper... I couldn't control the sounds coming out of my mouth- the gasps, moans, and mewling noises. 

"We are gonna fuck you, Emil... I hope that's what you wanted, 'cause it's too late to stop now... How's that cute little white ass, Floyd? You all the way in it yet?" 

"Ohhhh... not quite yet... almost..." I felt Floyd's big hands go around my waist, and he pulled me back onto his cock at the same time he drove forward with his hips, making the flared head inside thrust suddenly inwards again and opening me 'way farther up than before... My ass-cheeks pressed against his hard stomach, and my eyes rolled back in my head as I squirmed on his impaling pole, multiplying the sensations with every move. 

The ridge around the head of his cock was sending pulses of ecstasy rushing through my insides to every nerve in my body. My asscheeks slid across the skin of Floyd's hard, smooth belly, the backs of my thighs against the fronts of his as his hands held me tightly around the waist, pulling me back against him, then releasing me in a slow, dreamlike motion. I rolled my hips on his stiff shaft, making it move back and forth inside. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhh... you're... soooo... deeeeep... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhh... so deeeeeeeep... ohhhhhhhhh... fuck meeeeee..." 

"He says he wants you to fuck him, Floyd... Come on, Emil... tell us how much you love that cock in your ass," Barry said, holding my head up as he held my gaze. I was overwhelmed by the powerful feelings made by Floyd's slowly thrusting shaft, mesmerized by Barry's eyes; my hand automatically kept stroking his cock as words came out of my mouth. 

"I... love... your... ohhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhh... big... cock, Floyd... mmmmmm..." 

I might have had more to say, but Barry pulled my mouth back onto his cock and began to fuck my face, driving his cock far enough into my throat to make me gag, then pulling back and doing it again. I was soon riding the waves of their rhythmic fucking, losing myself in a zone of sensation where I was being used like a fuck-doll... fuck meee... fuck meee... 

I heard Toby's voice as he spoke softly in Barry's ear. "He's a slut for black cocks, like I said... He loves that it feels so nasty and that it's a huge taboo... don'tcha, Emil? ...not to mention that he's such a cock-slut anyway... and he loves bein' spit-roasted..." 

I moaned and sucked, holding onto Barry's cock with one hand as the other explored the ridged muscles in his stomach and his round, smooth ass. Floyd was holding me by the waist, pulling me back tight and flexing his massive shaft, then relaxing his grip enough for me to slide slightly forward before repeating it again. Alex and Toby lay down, pressing against our sides, taking my hands and putting them on their cocks. I stroked them as they moved their hips, all of us soon finding a rhythm as we thrust and stroked... 

Floyd was the first to come, moaning and driving hard into my ass as he pulled me back tight against him, and I could feel his cock pulsing as he shot jet after jet 'way up inside. He didn't pull out, though; his hands released their grip on my waist and began to move lightly over my body- my ass, my thighs, up my back and around to my stomach and chest, lightly pinching my nipples. I moaned, sucking Barry and stroking the two other cocks. 

"So niiice... real soft skin..." Floyd said. "You're a sweet fuck... such a round little white ass... and so tight, too... I love watchin' you suck Barry... suck that big black cock, bitch... suck it... Come over here, Toby... you need to fuck this white slut, too..." 

Floyd pulled out slowly as Toby lubed himself, and Toby slid into me all the way, his warm hands around my waist as he pulled me back onto his massive cock. 

"Here we go, my friend," Toby said quietly. "Suck that black cock, bitch... Show us all how much you fuckin' love it... how much you love bein' a nigger-lovin' white bitch..." 

I put both hands on it, stroking and milking it as I sucked as much of its length as I could, soon lost in the rhythm of the huge pistoning black shafts in each end. Barry's hands were getting tighter on my head with every stroke, and I could hear him breathing harder, faster... 

"You ready for my come, white boy? You ready for a black man's come in your pretty white mouth? Suck it, slut, suck it... Here it commmes!" 

I was expecting him to push my head down hard on his cock, trying to force it into my throat, but he didn't... He held it still, his come pulsing out of the huge head in warm, salty-sweet-sour jets as I milked it, trying to take it down my throat and failing completely. 

I swallowed, choked, and swallowed some more as it ran out of my mouth and over both hands; I kept them pumping until he released my head, then let his cock go and sucked and licked the juice I'd missed from it, then from his stomach and my hands. I looked up in his eyes as I licked my fingers. 

"Thank you for your come, Barry," I said in almost a whisper. "I love bein' your come-bucket... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhh... Fuck my ass, Toby... Fuck my ass... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

Toby had his cock every bit as far inside me as Floyd's had been, and the rushes of sensation made me groan, my eyes rolling back in my head. 

"Let me have another turn, Toby," Floyd said. "That little white ass is 'way too nice for just one fuck..." 

Alex replaced Barry in front of me while Floyd got my ass; I licked Alex's cock hungrily and thoroughly as Floyd's big snake slid back up inside me. 

"On your knees, Toby," I heard Barry say, and he began to work his fingers into him; Toby moaned and pushed back onto them. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck me, daddy... fuck me," Toby gasped as Barry drove his big slick cock into him. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhh..." he moaned, his round black ass pressing against the hard, muscled stomach, flattening his cheeks. 

They were kneeling right beside us, and I could hear Toby moan and gasp as Barry drove into him again and again. I sucked on Alex's cock, my tongue at work, too, as my head and my hand moved up and down the delicious flesh; Floyd matched our rhythm in my ass, still keeping his long cock 'way deep inside. 

I melted, yielding to the two large, strong, hard bodies... letting them fuck me... fucking me in my mouth and soooo deep in my ass... I could feel skin sliding easily against mine, outside and inside... Ecstasy... Fuck me... fuck mee... fuck meeeeeeeeeeee... 

Alex's cock was the most delicious thing I'd ever had in my mouth, and Floyd's huge phallus was something I could ride for hours, so I just let the simultaneous rushes from my mouth and inside my ass rise and flow and roll over me again and again... My fingers kept massaging moving muscle under skin as I worked on Alex, closing on the base of a thick cock and pumping it, sucking it... then driving my ass back, impaling myself deeply once again on Floyd's magnificent shaft. 

"Ohhhh! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhyeaahhhhhhhhhhh..." Floyd moaned and slammed his cock even further into me, his big hands around my waist as he pulled me hard against him. I felt his impossibly long cock twitching and squirting up inside me again, and I twisted on it and milked it with my anal muscle while I sucked on Alex. Mmmmmmmmmmm... It doesn't get any better than this... 

And that was all before ten in the morning... 

*-*-*-*-*-*