 CROSSING THE LINE

It was the summer of 1971 and I had just arrived in Beverly Hills for a week long management seminar. The seminar began on Monday morning but I had decided to fly in on Saturday and look up an old friend and colleague. I was staying at the Beverly Hills Hilton which is where the seminar was being held. The seminar ran through Friday noon and I booked my flight to return home on that Saturday. I hated flying on Friday afternoons and with the three hour time difference I did not want to arrive in New York late Friday night.

After checking in at the hotel and unpacking I called my friend Tom Oswald. Tom and I had worked at the same firm for years and we hung out together quite a bit. Tom then decided to take a job in Los Angeles and he had moved out to west coast three years ago. We stayed in touch for awhile and then it tapered off and I hadn't spoke with Tom in over two years. Tom was thrilled to hear from me and told me that he would come over to the hotel and pick me up then we would go to dinner and go clubbing. 

I took a leisurely shower and as I soaped my 6'2" 180 pound frame I thought about scoring with some California girl that evening. I was pleased with my fitness at age 31 and I worked hard to stay in shape particularly when I traveled on business which was most of the time. While washing my pubes I couldn't help but stroke my cock thinking about who might experience my eight inches that night. I loved my cock as it was above average but not so big that it intimidated any of the ladies. 

After my shower I put on a short sleeve silk shirt, khaki slacks and loafers. I was combing my brown hair when the phone rang. Tom had called and told me that he was in the lobby. I dabbed on a little after shave and then went down to the lobby to meet Tom. I arrived in the lobby and looked around but I did not see Tom anywhere. There was a heavy set guy walking toward me and smiling and then he spoke.

"Cory you stud muffin, how the hell are you?" the heavy guy asked.

Then upon a closer look I realized it was Tom. "Tom?" I questioned.

"In living person but a few pounds heavier," Tom laughed and then asked, "How have you been old man?"

A few pounds my ass, I observed. It was more like 50-60 pounds. He looked awful with the extra weight and I never would have recognized him. "I've been good and you?" I replied.

"Good, I've been good, eating well," he joked as he rubbed his beer belly.

"I can see that," I laughed trying to act cool about it but I thought there goes the evening trying to pick up chicks.

"Listen I picked this place for dinner that has great sea food and is only a couple of blocks from a swinging club," Tom informed me.

"Let's do it," I replied and we headed for Tom's car.

We arrived at the restaurant about 30 minutes later and Tom had the valet park his car. The valet knew Tom as he addressed him Mr. Oswald. I sensed the valet seemed a little on the effeminate side but I dismissed it. We entered the restaurant and the host greeted Tom.

"Good evening Mr. Oswald. I have your table ready. Right this way please," the man said and led Tom and I to the table. 

I noticed that this guy also seemed to be a little light in the loafers but again I dismissed it thinking it must be a California thing. "Robbie will be your server this evening," the host said and then he returned to his podium.

In a few minutes Robbie appeared at our table and made a big fuss over Tom. "I'm so happy that you could join us this evening Mr. Oswald," Robbie bubbled and then asked, "What can I get you to drink?"

Tom looked at me and asked, "Is white wine okay since we are having seafood?"

"Sure, white wine is fine," I accepted.

"Robbie, bring us a bottle of that Vouvray that I like," Tom ordered.

I watched as Robbie sashayed away wiggling his hips as he moved passed the other tables. This time I was convinced that Robbie was gay and then I wondered if everyone that worked at the restaurant was gay. As I looked around I noticed that there were only a few couples and then the rest of the patrons were male. I decided to ask Tom.

"Tom is it my imagination or is all the workers here gay?"

"No it's not your imagination, most all of them are gay. This is a gay section of LA but I love this restaurant. Don't let it bother you."

"It just seems odd that you picked this place. I'm sure that the LA area has a lot of good seafood restaurants."

"Well let's enjoy our meal and then we'll go clubbing."

I was feeling a little uneasy but I went with the flow. I was not worried about the restaurant but I started to have my doubts about Tom. I was not completely naïve about gay sex as I had actually had a gay encounter one time although I thought of it as bisexual. I was traveling on business in Milan and I let a very cute Italian young man suck my cock. In fact I also fucked him in his cute round ass but that was my only experience and I certainly wasn't interested in cock.

Tom was right, the meal was excellent and the service was superb. Robbie seemed to act more effeminate as the evening moved on but I just ignored him. Ton insisted on picking up the check so I promised to pay for our drinks. We left the restaurant and Tom said something to the valet and tipped him. 

"I can leave my car here and we can walk to the club I told you about," Tom said.

We walked about four blocks and along the way there were indicators everywhere that we were still in a gay section of town. When we arrived at the club I could hear the music blasting from the outside and I was glad that it seemed to be a happening club. We walked inside and the place was packed but I didn't see any chicks so I assumed that they had to be on the dance floor. Tom found a place for us to sit and it was then that I realized that he had brought me to a gay club.

"What the fuck Tom? Why did you bring me here?" I asked showing my displeasure.

"I come here all the time. The music is loud and there is always something happening," Tom offered as an alibi.

"Don't feed me that shit. What's going on with you?" I snapped.

"I like the gay scene Cory and I have for the past two years. It's less hassle than trying to pick up chicks. I mean when you come here it's easy to find someone who puts out."

"That's not my scene Tom."

"Come on a couple of drinks and then we'll go," Tom pleaded.

"Okay, just a couple and then I'm gone," I said assuredly.

"I was hoping that I could get you to let me suck your cock tonight. I have always had a thing for you," Tom admitted.

"Forget it," I snapped again. Even if I was in the mood for a blowjob it wouldn't be a guy. 

I thought back quickly to that time in Milan but that had been with a young cute Italian boy who looked a lot like a girl. Tom was fat and sloppy not that it would have mattered. Tom got us a couple of drinks and as he did I looked around the place. There were guys shooting pool, guys dancing and others milling around talking. I watched as some guys rubbed the asses of others. Then a guy caught my eye who I first thought was a girl. He was wearing black bell bottom slacks that were very snug and showed off his curvy bubble butt. He also wore a black shiny shirt that was tucked in slacks tightly. The young man had a very narrow waist, dark hair that covered the nape of his neck and most of his ears. I guessed him to be about 5'8" tall.

I studied this guy closely as many of his acquaintances walked up to him and chatted with him. Some of them would grab a cheek of his ass and he would act flirtatious in response. He would shift the weight to one leg emphasizing his curvy ass, drop and wiggle his shoulders and tilt his head to one side. He acted very much as a girl would if someone touched her ass. He also had an ass that many girls would die for. I found it entertaining to watch him and his buddies as they played grab ass. 

Tom returned with the drinks and sat back down. I held my glass up in a mock toast and we sipped our drinks. As it turned out we had several rounds before I decided it was time for me to leave but before I did Tom made one last pitch at me. I declined again and then Tom decided to troll the bar. I told him that I would take a cab back to the hotel when I finished my drink. As I was sipping my drink I felt the presence of another person close by and I turned to look at him. It was the guy who looked like a girl.

"Are you expecting someone or can I sit here?" he asked in a very soft feminine voice.

"You can sit here. I was just getting ready to leave. My friend Tom was sitting here but he decided to walk around," I responded.

"I saw Tom sitting here earlier. How do you know him?"

"Tom and I worked together three years ago before he was gay. I looked him up when I got to town and he brought me here. But it's not my scene so I am leaving as soon as I finish this drink," I explained.

"My name is Michelle," he said holding out his hand.

"Michelle huh," I replied and I shook his hand. His skin was soft and his handshake was lame.

"And what's your name," he asked.

"Cory, it was nice to meet you Michelle but I have to get going," I said as I finished my drink.

"I saw you watching me before. You're pretty impressed with me aren't you?" Michelle posed.

"I'm not impressed with you Michelle. I was staring because you look like a girl," I said with a snicker.

"I bet you were thinking about fucking me, weren't you. It's okay everyone does?"

I laughed out loud, "I can see that you're humble too. No I wasn't thinking about fucking you, I was thinking that many a girl would love to have an ass like yours."

"If I was a girl, I bet that you would like to fuck me wouldn't you," Michelle asked with a coy smile.

"I probably would if you were a girl but you're not. Goodnight!" I said as I stood up to leave then I asked, "Where's the best place to get a taxi?"

"Where are you staying?" he asked.

"The Beverly Hills Hilton, I'm in town for a seminar."

"Where are you from?"

"New York City, now where can I catch a cab?"

"I'd be happy to drive you there. It's hard to get a taxi from here unless you call one. Come with me, I need to tell someone that I'll be gone for awhile and then I'll drive you," Michelle offered.

I decided to accept Michelle's offer since I didn't know the city and I believed him about getting a cab. "I appreciate your offer, thank you,"

"Let's get a fresh drink and then we can walk around and locate my friend," Michelle stated.

I got fresh drinks for us and then I followed Michelle around the club. He greeted a lot of people as he walked around and asked if anyone had seen Kyle. One guy told Michelle that he saw Kyle heading up the stairs earlier. Michelle just smiled and then turned to me and spoke.

"Kyle has already hooked up with someone. Come with me but be ready to be shocked with what you see," Michelle told me.

I suspected that I might see guys having sex but nothing could have prepared me for what I was to witness. I followed Michelle up the stairs and I couldn't help but watch his curvy ass as he ascended the stairs. We walked behind a dark curtain and the light was very dim. It took my eyes minutes to adjust but when they did I saw guys in various states of undress kissing and having sex. I stayed close to Michelle as he made his way around a maze of hallways until he located Kyle.

We passed twosomes and threesomes having sex. I noticed one guy fucking another one standing up and they both had their slacks and underwear down around their knees. Three other guys had their pants and underwear around their ankles. One was kneeling on the floor with a cock in his mouth and another one in his ass. I had never participated in an orgy and I had never seen such a blatant display of sex. Michelle finally located Kyle who was getting fucked as he fucked another guy. Michelle whispered something in Kyle's ear and Kyle nodded that he understood. Then Michelle took me by the arm and led me to another room that was filled with cubicles. Michelle found a vacant one and pulled me inside with him. Once inside he locked the door, dropped to his knees, opened my pants and pulled them with my underwear down to my ankles. I didn't stop him because I was actually turned on from watching the sex acts when we walked around.

My rock hard 8" cock sprang free and bobbed in his face. He began kissing my cock and running his tongue up and down the full length of it eventually taking it in his mouth. He gave me the most incredible blow job ever. He would bring to the edge and then slow down delaying my ejaculation as long as possible. He tested his gag line deep throating me as he handled my balls lovingly. 

I couldn't hold it any longer and I warned him that I was going to cum. He went right on sucking me as I blasted volley after volley of cum in his mouth. He kept swallowing rapidly and he did not miss a drop. He continued to suck me draining and cleaning my cock of any trace of sperm. When he started to nibble on my dick head my knees got weak and I had to push him off me before I collapsed. I was drained. I was speechless as I had just let a gay guy suck my cock in a gay club. I told Michelle that I wanted to leave whether he gave me a ride or not. Michelle showed me a way down the stairs at the back of the club and we exited through a different door.

"That wasn't so bad, was it?" Michelle asked as we walked to his car.

"No it wasn't. You give great head but you caught me at a weak moment," I said somewhat embarrassed over what happened.

"You came pretty quickly. I bet you needed that," he teased.

"I thought that Tom and I were going to chase pussy tonight so I was in the mood for sex," I replied in way on an alibi.

"Here's my car," Michelle announced and we got in.

Michelle drove to the hotel and we chatted along the way. He was very inquisitive about my life style and career. He was pleasant enough to talk with and I soon felt comfortable in his presence. He knew his way around the city and we arrived at the hotel sooner than I expected. I thought that if I had taken a taxi that the driver could have drove me all over LA and I wouldn't have known the difference.

"I love this place," Michelle said referring to the plush hotel, "Would you like some company?" he asked as he ran his hand over my thigh.

I was actually still horny and thought about Michelle talented mouth. I decided that I could handle another blow job. "Sure come on in for a drink," I offered.

Michelle parked the car and the two of us went up to my room. It was odd because all of a sudden I felt nervous about getting another blow job. Michelle and I entered my room and this time we both undressed. Michelle sat on the edge of the bed and drew me in toward him. He caressed the back of my legs and cheeks of my ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth began sucking on my cock. I was so horny that I almost shot my load right then and there. Michelle was massaging the head of my cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled my cock with his tongue and scraped it lightly with his teeth. I felt the light scraping of his teeth. My cock felt harder and longer than it ever had been in my life and I felt I was going to shoot.

Michelle took my cock out of his mouth and looked up at me as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged my bloated balls. At that time I felt longer than my 8" and bigger around then 5." He put it back in his mouth and then took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged my balls. He tickled my cock head with his tongue and teased my pee slit. He was bringing me up and down and I was close to cumming few times. Michelle seemed to know when I was getting close, and he would do things making me last longer, torturing me in the process.

Michelle looked up at me smiling and stroking my slick cock. Then he asked, "Ready to cum Cory"?

I just nodded with my eyes closed. Michelle then took my cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of my shaft, nibbled on my cock head and sucked me hard. Michelle reached under my balls and rubbed the hardness between my balls and anus. I could feel my cock thickening and I knew I was going to cum. Michelle grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands as I exploded in his mouth. I fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Michelle sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. The force of shooting my load was so intense that it almost hurt. I lost track of time for awhile and just held onto Michelle's head as he milked my cock for every drop.

My legs were weak and I had to sit down. I sat on the edge of the bed and Michelle knelt down between my knees keeping my cock in his mouth. He massaged my balls as he continued to suck my cock clean until it shrank and left his mouth. Michelle continued to lick and kiss my cock sending chills and shivers through my body.

I said, "That was incredible, thank you."

"So you liked it," he replied with a grin.

"What was not to like," I returned and then I said, "I have to take a leak."

Michelle lay back on the bed and stroked his cock as I went into the bathroom. I glanced at his cock and observed that it was about 7" long but not as thick as mine. I took a much needed piss and then washed up before returning to the bedroom. To my surprise Michelle was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. Michelle's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position. He was tanned except for his ass and the contrast in skin color really emphasized the shape of his curvy ass.

"Cory, I would like you to fuck me," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me wouldn't you?" he asked.

It was 1971 and there was no known threat of aids and sex without a condom was commonplace. My cock was hardening and I approached the bed. I knelt behind Michelle and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me some lubricant that he had and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount of lube in my hands and rubbed it all around Michelle's bung hole. Then I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock. I was no stranger to preparing assholes for my cock but this was the first time I was preparing a man's bottom. However as I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Michelle and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

Michelle cautioned, "Take it slow at first, then deeper."

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lube. My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to Michelle a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in Michelle's ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

Michelle asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. Michelle was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once Michelle started to contract his anal muscles I lost it.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my juice backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. Michelle used his talented anal muscles to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. Michelle's milking action weakened me and I collapsed on top of his body.
