 Chapter 34: Interrogation

"Mmmm~" Adam smiles as he sleepily cuddles up with Merrick in the warm bed of the morning. Just as he strokes the merman's cheek, the alarm on his phone goes off. He groans as he turns around, and grabs for the phone, and shuts off the alarm.

"Rrrrrrmmmllll..." Merrick groans as he is woken up by the now-annoying jingle of Adam's phone, "Can't you stay longer?" He asks in a low, dreary tone.

"I am," Adam muttered as he crawled up to Merrick, "'S why I set the alarm earlier~" He said as he kissed behind Merrick's ear.

"Ooh~" Merrick smiled as he felt those lips brush against his ear. He grins as he felt Adam's soft member push against his smooth bubble butt, "So we..."

"Mhm~" Adam said, as he gave Merrick's ear a little nibble, "Dat's egsactly what I mean" He slurred with his lips around the cartilage. Merrick giggles as he rolls over, and climbed ontop of Adam, "Mom and dad are back in Washington, and I think you've been a VERY good boy~" He said while Merrick straddled onto him.

"Hehehe~" Merrick smiled as Adam smooched his neck, and kissed Merrick sensually on the lips. The blonde closed his eyes as he took in the human's lower lip, pressing his teeth gently on the soft part, before pushing his mouth against the other. Adam's hands felt and grabbed along Merrick's flawless body as he laid there being kissed by his love.

"Mmmmhhhh~" Adam murred as he kissed firmly onto Merrick's lips. He pushed his lips onto the other's mouth as he forced his tongue into his mouth. Merrick moaned hungrily as he kissed fiercely against his human, while his fingers dug and firmly rubbed Adam's manly chest. Merrick tensed and groaned as he felt his buttocks harshly grab and rub his ass cheeks as the passion intensified between them. 

SPANK!

"NNNhhhh~!" Merrick's back curved as he felt a sudden slap on his perfect bum. He panted as he eased up on the aggressive arousal. Adam took deep breaths as his adrenalin channeled into his body, before Merrick kissed him again. He moved his lips from Adam's stubbly chin, and kissed along his neck. He nudged onto Adam's semi-hairy pecs, before locking his mouth onto his right nipple. 

Adam hissed as Merrick pushed his lips onto his pink nub, and tugged it with his teeth, "FFfffhhhss... Ghhhad, Merrick..." Adam moaned as Merrick licked and gnawed on his nipple, while pinching and tweaking the other with his hand. Adam's fingers held firmly onto Merrick's back as he endured the almost-painful nip-play.

His cock made a dab of pre onto Merrick's stomach as the merman smooched and chewed onto Adam's nub. He moaned as Merrick switched to Adam's left nipple. He huffs and groans as Merrick's fingers toyed with Adam's wet nipple, and harshly sucking at the other one. 

"Oh God, babe..." Adam groans as Merrick's teeth tugged and yanked at the erect stub. His lips squelched as he twirled his mouth around Adam's nip. Merrick relented on the harsh suckling, and kissed in between while both hands massaged firmly on both nipples. Adam bit his lip as his hands gripped the bed sheets.

Merrick slowly made his way backward, and crawls down under the covers. Adam lays his head back down onto the pillow, and chuckles as he felt those fingers fondle and rub along his manhood.

His chest puffs as he felt a pair of soft touches press onto the head of his penis, before a wetness slowly played onto the upper part of his shaft, "Fffff, oooohhhhh~" Adam huffed as he felt his cock get pulled into a hot, wet area, "Aaaaawww yeah..." He muttered as Merrick's tongue toyed with his soft member, like savoring a very long marshmallow.

Adam moaned as he felt Merrick's hands explore his thighs as his dick hardens within the hungry mouth pulling at his dong, "Oh god, you're so cock-starved, aren't you~?" Adam moaned as those lips slid to the rim of the head, and swallowed his dick. He bit his lower lip and huffed as Merrick went back to his head, and squelched the glans with his lips and teeth.

"OOH! Oh! Careful!" Adam muttered harshly as his back tensed. His eyes clenched, before he laid back down, and huffed in relief as Merrick went back to sliding his mouth back down onto Adam's patch of dark, wiry hair.

"Oh god, yes~" Adam moaned as Merrick bobbed his head up and down to get a good momentum going for his dick. Adam couldn't help but flex his buttcheeks and push up, and stand his throbbing cock in his lover's mouth.

"Mmmm~ Ok..." Adam said as he put his hand under the covers, and lightly pushed Merrick away from his lap.

"Huh?" Adam then crawled underneath blanket, and met his blonde lover there.

"My turn, sweetie~" He said before he moved himself over to Merrick's crotch.

"Ooh~" Merrick giggled as he propped one of his legs up as he laid on his side, "Mmmmm~" Merrick groaned sleepily as Adam's palm brushed gently side to said on Merrick's thigh. Adam put his mouth onto that plane of soft flesh, and smooched down onto him. Merrick's mouth curved into a smile before his eyes clenched, and started snickering harshly.

"NNNGGH!" Merrick laughed as he suppressed a thrash as Adam tickled his inner thigh, "Hehehehe! Adam!" Adam grinned as he nudged and licked along Merrick's sensitive flesh. Merrick snickered and kicked his legs on the mattress.

"Heh heh, ok ok, babe," Adam muttered as he held down Merrick's legs. He stopped tickling Merrick, and moved his lips to his twin orbs. Merrick took a few breaths, and spread his legs a little more to have his human lover take in his scent, nosing his balls and lapping his lips on his sac.

"Mmmm...~" Merrick's cock twitched as Adam gave his balls a lick before a very light nibble. The human murred as he teasingly licked around and bounced Merrick's testicles with his tongue.

"Nnnhhh~" Merrick moaned "Please, Adam... Just... Do me now..." He begged just as Adam is about to take in Merrick's dick into his mouth, as he is feeling VERY aroused right now, and he wants to get into it RIGHT now. Adam smiled before kissing the head of Merrick's cock, and then lying ontop of Merrick's supple body. The merman cooed as he felt Adam's manhood wedge between his cheeks like a firm, drooling hotdog between his fluffy peach buns.

"Pardon me~" Adam said as he reached for the lube, while teasingly grinding his hips into Merrick's soft bottom. He deliberately rubbed his dick inbetween those flawless mounds, huffing, almost becoming overwhelmed by just how smooth and soft Merrick's anus is, despite having groped, rubbed, fucked, and spanked over a thousand times. He shuddered as he felt Merrick's butt pushed back against his raging boner just as his fingers tightened around the lube bottle.

He brought the bottle over to his pelvis, and pushed it to apply a large glob onto his dick. He gasped as he felt the cold slick dribble onto his throbbing member, before he started grinding it into Merrick's perfect ass. "Oh god~" Adam moaned as he rubbed his lubricated tool into Merrick's crack again, "I can just get off from hotdogging, babe~" He growled, right before the glans of his dick hit a speed bump.

"Oh!" Merrick gasped as he felt his asshole pushed upon. Adam grunted, before taking his penis with his fingers, and slowly guiding it at the correct angle. From there, Adam slide his cock right in. Merrick's back curved as he felt his anus widen around the intruding meat, "Awwwwhhhh~!" He moaned. The merman took the nearby pillow, and gripped it tightly with his arms. 

Adam moaned as he dug his manhood deep into his lover's mount. Merrick's own penis oozed pre as he bit down onto the pillow, feeling himself so wild and hot. All he can think about his getting as much of Adam's cock inside him as he possibly can.

As if reading his mind, Adam's hands grabbed his round buttcheeks, and spread them apart. Merrick's eyes and mouth opened wide as he moaned out when he felt Adam's fat dick sink lower down into him! 

"OoooOOHH! By the depths, please don't move~!" Merrick moaned as he clenched his ass. Oh, it hurts so good! Adam grunted as he ground his pelvis against Merrick's rump. He undulated his hips to push his manhood up and down inside of Merrick. The merman gasped a squeal when Adam's cock easily pushed that hidden spot - about several times.

Merrick moaned into the pillow as he felt Adam's body push into him as far as he will go, "Hang on," Adam said as he pulled back. Merrick sighed as his anus felt a sense of emptiness when Adam pulled out. With this small reprieve, the merman reached down, and started masturbating, just for a bit of relief from that short moment.

"Here, babe," Adam said as he held out what looked like a black, thick object, with a soft, light bulge at the end of it. Merrick blinked as he starred at it.

"Uh... What is that?" Merrick asked as he moved himself on his side, he dick still hard as a rock.

"It's called a Fleshlight," Adam said as he put the toy up to the head of Merrick's dong, and rubbed it around the copious precum. 

"Ooh!" Merrick shuddered as it touched his sensitive genitals. Adam grinned as he pushed it down upon Merrick's dick. The blonde gasped as he felt his prick penetrate into a very squishy, rubbery environment. "Ooh, oh, oh!" He whimpered as it pressed onto the base of his pelvis. 

"Now, play back down, sweetie~" Adam said with a grin as he put Merrick back onto the bed.

"ENgh!" Merrick grunted as Adam climbed back ontop of him, and lined his dick with Merrick's entrance again. Merrick hugged the pillow, and moaned out as he felt Adam push roughly into him! "Hhhoooooo!" He gapped as he felt Adam's log dive deep into Merrick's anus, just as his dick flexed in the strange material of the Fleshlight.

"Want it hard, babe~?" Adam asked in a low growl as he pressed his dick firmly into Merrick.

"Yes~"

"Can't hear you~" Adam said with a horny glint in his eye, before he spanked Merrick's ass.

"YES!" Merrick yelped as he bit his pillow. He huffed through his teeth as he felt Adam's hands firmly grip his hips, and thrust his pelvis into Merrick's ass. 

"MMMMMMHHHHHFFF!!" Merrick moaned as he felt Adam's large cock pummel inside him, shoot back, and dove back into him! He can barely even notice his dick squelching in the sex toy, tucked underneath him. His own dick burrowed and around the very moist cavern hugging and pressing around his member. 

"God, you're so hot!" Adam moaned as he humped his lover, jamming his cock rapidly into Merrick's tight hole. 

"Oh Adam~!" Merrick released the pillow from his mouth for only a moment, "Harder~!"

"Umf!" Adam shoved his dick harshly into Merrick once, twice, three times.

"Harder!!" Merrick begged as his cock is climbing very quickly up to his peak inside the soaked tunnel. Adam planted himself firmly down, and began pistoning himself back and forth into Merrick. The merman bit down onto the pillow again as he felt himself bounce back and forth, his ass receiving a harsh pounding as his dick squished around the artificial orifice. 

Feeling the intensity increase, Merrick's hands gripped at the edges of the mattress, as if holding on for dear life as his boyfriend punched his ass hard with his club over and over and over again.

"Are. You. Good. Merrick??" Adam manages to ask in between thrusts - he gets worried about going too rough on Merrick.

"By the depths, YES!!" Merrick moaned out as he felt himself driven by the lustful energy surging into his ass, "Harder!"

Adam jammed his cock quickly into Merrick's anus, just as he asked. He slid his lower body back and forth in a fast but steady rhythm. He huffed like a wild animal as his heavy balls swung and slapped into Merrick's testicles like a drum. 

"Harder!!" He begged, really putting Adam's vigor to the test. "HARDER!!" At this point, he's only begging to let out the bursts of arousal like a valve, "HARDER!" His dick drives wild into the fleshy sex toy.

"HARDER! HARDER! HHAAAARRRNNNNNGGHHHH!" Merrick bit down onto the pillow, clenching his eyes shut, as his penis exploded inside the fleshlight. He moaned loudly into the pillow, almost overflowing the toy with the immense spunk that shot out from his nuts.

Adam pushed his head onto the heart symbol on Merrick's neck as he pushed his manhood in and out of Merrick's ass - somehow, his butt feels a little better just AFTER he cums. Adam slowed down and eased up on the verocity of his thrusts now that Merrick has popped. The merman moaned pleasantly as he felt his human roll his hips and drive his rod into his relaxed bottom. Adam huffed as he slowly guided his cock closer and closer to his climax.

Now that things have calmed down, Adam lays to the side, while still rolling his hips into Merrick's tush, elating a soft gasp or moan from the blonde.

"MMmmm... Awww yeah..." Adam muttered. He gently slide his lubed cock in and out of Merrick, until his penis started to perculate. "Oh!" He whimpered softly, "Hoh! Ooh! Hoh!" He pushed his boner up as far as he could push into Merrick's buns as his hands held firmly onto the merman. "Ahhhhhhhhh~" Adam moaned as he finally felt himself release inside of Merrick's tunnel. Merrick moaned and cooed a little as he felt the hot surge into his insides. Adam sighed as he pulled himself out, leaving a flow of white to dribble from Merrick's butt.

"You need to get off again?" He asked his blonde lover.

"M-mm," Merrick answered as he shook his head. Adam nuzzled and kissed Merrick's neck as he slowly felt like dozing off, as they still have a good while before he has to get up. Merrick, having his penis softened completely, took the toy, and put it on the nightstand. He groaned very quietly in satisfaction as his asshole still buzzed with the pleasurable pain from having his anus pummeled. 

He loves these moments.

~~~

Adam zipped up his leather jacket while his shoes crunched on the gravel. Merrick follows closely, before playfully groping Adam's jean rump. He smirked and turned around, right before Merrick kissed him. 

"Come on~!" Merrick said, "Just skip work and stay home with me all day! I wanna see you do that, um... What did Jamal call it again?" He pondered, "A strip-tease?" Adam laughed.

"Babe, I'm no professional stripper. And the Captain will have my balls for bait if I played hooky."

"Awwwww!" The merman moaned, "I've seen some of the humans dancing at the place Jamal works in. Wanna see YOU up there!" 

"Hahahaha!" Adam lightly slapped Merrick's cheek, "You fishy pervert~" Merrick giggled as he kissed him again. "MAYBE, sweetie." Adam said as he stroked Merrick's blonde hair, "I'll think about it..." Merrick smiled as he felt Adam's freshly shaven cheek. Adam smiled softly as he nudged his lover.

Merrick gently lapped Adam's lips, very softly rubbing his tongue on the upper lip, pushing his lips on his lower lip, "Mmmm..." Adam tilted his head and rolled his lower jaw to deliver a passionate push into the kiss. He put his arms over Merrick's bare shoulders as he closed his eyes. Merrick moaned weakly again as he put his other hand on the back of Adam's head, before their tongues met in their conjoined mouths.

Adam slowly ended the kiss, one lap at a time. He rubbed his forehead against the other as their noses touched.

"I love you." Adam whispered.

"I love you too." Merrick responded. 

Adam backed up, and rubbed Merrick's shoulder, "I'll be back in the afternoon." 

"Ok~" 

Adam took out his helmet, put it on, and straddled onto his motorcycle. He turned the keys to roar it into life, revved it a few times, before setting his feet to it, and driving off. He glanced at his rear mirror, and chuckled as he saw his boyfriend waving Goodbye from the driftwood wall-fence around the house.

~~~

Jamal grunts as he lugs a particularly heavy log of driftwood from the far side of the beach. Merrick is watching the water on the shore push and pull before he hears Jamal huffing from the effort. He turns to see him dragging the large wood, and gets up to walk over.

"Hey, Jamal!" He called.

"Nnngghhh!" Jamal huffed and puffed from the exerted effort, "Hey, Merrick." He stopped to rest, panting heavily and sweating profusely. Merrick walked up to him, looking him AND the log curiously.

"What are you doing?" Merrick asked.

"Juss... Guh, just bringin the driftwood in."

"Why?"

"To add to the fence. See dat?" Jamal said as he pointed to sun-bleached wood logs that surrounded the house, "Trees git cut up and thrown into the ocean. Then the sun or water gets'em all smooth and stuff, and ya know. Just something we find inneresting, ok?"

"I see..." Merrick said, "And you're taking this whole thing to the house? Don't you want help?"

"Yeah, that'd be good." Jamal said with a nod. Merrick smiled as he walked along to the other side of the log. Jamal picked up his end, to find it a lot lighter than it was.

"You good, kid?" Jamal asked, "AH! FUCK!" The log suddenly dropped, and Jamal is gripping his wrist.

"What's wrong???" Merrick asked as he went over to Jamal.

"Shit, mah wrist man, I... Gah!" He grunted, "I held it wrong, man..."

"Alright, I'll take care of the log."

"Naw, is aight, man." Jamal said, "We'll git it later."

"No, I got it," Merrick insisted as he went to the middle of the log, squat down, wrapped his right arm around it, and tucked his left arm in, and hoists it up with a single grunt. Jamal gapped as Merrick carried that log with ease.

"Hey, how you doin that???" He asked. Merrick blinked.

"What?"

"Dude, that thing weighs a TON!"

"I don't know what that is, but I think you should go to see Yuri about that wrist." He said as he carried the driftwood toward the house. 

"Seriously, dude!" Jamal said as he walked along side him, "I'm bigger than you, and you holdin that thing! Ain't it heavy?"

"Yeah... No big deal. Where do you want it?" Merrick asked casually. As an Adra Triton he's a lot stronger than he looks. 

"Uh, just the garage is fine, kid." Jamal said as he watched the naked blonde then escort the driftwood over to the garage.

~~~

"It's just a minor sprain, nothing serious," Yuri said as she tended to Jamal's wrist, "I TOLD you to go easy on it the other day, didn't I? When you were playing with bondage."

"Yeah yeah, wuteva." Jamal said. 

"Well anyway, you're going to want to go easy on it for the next few weeks. LET IT HEAL, don't go pulling hardcore sex or stunts, you got it?"

"Aight. Am I still be able to have sex though?" Jamal asked. Yuri scoffed as she put a hot/cold pad on his wrist before wrapping it up with bandage. 

"Well, not that I REALLY needed to be asked, or recommend it, but you're gonna want THEM to do all the work." She said. Jamal shrugged, "Whass the difference."

"Gross." She said as she lightly smacked the side of his head. Jamal got up and walked out of Yuri's room to check on Merrick. 

Merrick runs the sandpaper rigorously back and forth on the log. He looks up to see Jamal walk in to see his progress. "Are you ok, Jamal?"

"Yeah, I'm aight."

"Ok, good. Now, how exactly did you want me to..." His attention was diverted by a car driving by the house - a black van. Merrick stood up as the vehicle drove in, it's nothing he's seen come here before. The car parked outside of the driftwood wall, and out came two men wearing business suits and sunglasses, and a young woman with dark blonde curls, wearing a professional, grey tweed uniform knee-length shirt. Merrick put down the sandpaper and stood up to face them, curious as to whom these humans are.

The woman approached Merrick, with the two gentlemen standing behind her like bodyguards. "Hello, my name is Erin Connaly, I am an executive at the Agency of Oceanic Research. Is your name Merrick Piscien, sir?" She asked.

"U-Um, yes?" Merrick answered.

"Wait, wait, hold up," Jamal said, "Don't I know you?" He asked the woman. Erin turned her head to him.
