 So...the weekend of our annual family reunion was finally here. I was really looking forward to it. My mom and dad always hosted it, as they have a huge house that is very conducive to large parties. Usually 60-80 relatives show up, aunts, uncles, cousins, spouses and children, sometimes my only contact with them for the whole year. Dad barbeques in the backyard and we all swim in his pool. A good time is always had by all. Everybody gets drunk and stuffs themselves, so I was definitely looking forward to it.

Just a brief description of me before I go any farther. I'm 5'8"s tall, on the slim side, about 146 pounds, almost too thin, according to my mom, not much definition in muscularity, but semi toned, dark hair, not too long and clean shaven. 

I have known I was secretly bisexual since I went off to college. Me and my freshman dorm roommate had swapped oral sex with each other and I found I truly relished a hard cock in my mouth. He initiated the first blowjob to me, but it progressed to mostly me sucking him off, then finally no reciprocation from him at all. I didn't mind it being one sided as I looked forward to the nights I serviced him. He was very well endowed with an 8" stout cut cock that was always hard it seemed. It eventually became a routine where I would service him almost nightly, sometimes in the mornings too.

As our roommate arrangement ended after our freshman year, I saw less and less of him at school and missing giving oral sex, I turned to adult book stores. This is where I discovered gloryholes and would frequent them occasionally to get my fix of sucking a hard cock. 

After graduation, I moved back to my home town and I found a place pretty close to my parents, about 2-3 miles down the road in a small rental house. I was hired straight out of college by an accounting firm and was making pretty good money. I had a girlfriend, Stephanie, she was cute and sexy, very short and petite, a total hottie. While she gave me everything I should have needed in bed, I missed giving oral sex to men.

While I didn't dare go public with my bisexuality, I found a way to discretely satisfy my passion for giving oral sex without my family or girlfriend knowing, hopefully It's a little risky, but it seems to work. I created an ad that I run on Craig's List. 

It reads...

Offering A Gloryhole Blowjob...

No reciprocation desired...

100% anonymous...

Visitors and out of towners only...

No locals please...again visitors only...

Seeking large cocks...

Please be over 7"s and shower fresh...

Reply with cock pic and full stats...

Discreet and safe...

I got a cheap flip phone with a "buy minute plan" that I use for this. A second phone that nobody I know is aware of. If that phone rings, I know it's somebody that wants to bring me a hard cock to suck, I use it only for this, nothing else. 

I am renting a nice, but small brick home and have made a simple anonymous set up for my gloryhole visitors. My house front door faces the street but I have a long driveway along the side of my house that leads to an unattached single garage. At the end of my driveway, is a side door entrance to my house that opens into a large mud room. I usually enter my house through this door as it is closest to my garage. My washer and dryer plus a small hand sink and a long table are in this small room. Once inside the room, it has another separate door to enter the house. So, if someone entered the mudroom, after they closed the door, they faced another door frame that held my homemade plywood gloryhole in place. 

The room has a standard 7 foot door that I have removed and store in the garage. I carefully cut a sheet of plywood with a 5 inch diameter gloryhole at waist level that fits securely in the door frame. The gloryhole door panel was cut precisely to fit snug and securely in the molding on the mudroom's side. Once in place, it is very secure. It is extremely sturdy and a visitor can lean heavily into it as he receives a blowjob. 

As soon as they close the outside door they are facing the door frame with my gloryhole plywood sheet in it. I always turn off the light to the mudroom and always have a lit candle for them. When not in use, I put the gloryhole panel deep in the closet, hiding it. If I have a visitor lined up, this is convenient as it take me less than a minute to set it up or take it down.

I am very particular and selective about who I agree to meet. I want big cocks only, 7 inches plus and they have to send a clear picture of their erect cock for proof of size with their stats. I will only agree to meet with guys that do not live in my city. If they commute to work here daily, or are visiting, then that's perfect, but I didn't want any locals that I might know. I insist on a short telephone conversation as a security buffer, ice breaker, authentication chat before a first meeting. I lose a lot of nice cocks over this requirement as a lot of guys will refuse to call, but that's okay, cause I live in a large city and there are lots of guys that drive from neighboring cities to work here every day. I prefer married guys or guys with girlfriends, but this rarely comes up in our short phone conversations.

I have developed a small entourage of clients that come regularly. Mostly guys that live within 20 miles of me and work here daily. Also, some visitors and tourists occasionally as I live in a tourism friendly town.

The regulars included a variety of guys that just want a nice slow sensual blow job, nothing else, no reciprocation. They just want that cock worshipping blow job that they don't receive from their wife or girlfriend and I am glad to accommodate.

One regular, my absolute favorite, is Jason, who claims he is in a relationship with a girl. He's my favorite because he has the biggest cock of all my regulars. He loves long slow very sloppy wet slobbery blowjobs. He works construction in my home town, but commutes almost daily from about 30 miles away. He is a site manager and is in town Monday thru Saturday. He always calls before he visits and usually comes by in the early mornings, like 6:00AM before I go to work, or late evenings on his way home from work to get a long slow blowjob. I love it when he visits, after I suck his cock for breakfast, I think about it all day long.

I don't know his phone number, as he always blocks his calls to display "anonymous" on my Caller ID when he wants to visit, but that's not a problem Over the years, he has become more chatty over the phone and describes in great detail how he wants me to suck his cock when he comes by. He always uses this expression called "edging", where he wants me to suck his cock til he is absolutely ready to burst. Then he quickly withdraws his cock out of the hole and waits a minute or so until the urge passes and he can control it, then he feeds it back to me to start the process all over again. I adore this method. After a dozen or so "edgings", he finally lets it explode and it's always a ton to swallow. His blowjobs usually last about 30 minutes and even then, I hate when they were over.

I know I tell them that this is 100% anonymous, but of course I peek out my blinds when visitors pull up, as I ask them to call when they pull up and before they enter. So I always knew what they looked like, even if they didn't know what I looked like.

Jason looks to be late 20's, maybe even very early 30's, has a shaved head and is about 6' 2"s tall. He's Caucasian and has an absolute unreal huge cock. The biggest of all my regulars. I have never measured it, but am sure it is at least 8 plus inches, maybe 9. His cock is cut and perfectly straight, very thick and what I consider a porn cock. He always speaks to me through the hole and tells me how good I am sucking his cock and how I am so much better than his girlfriend. Strangely enough, that makes me very proud. I see him regularly, probably twice a week, sometimes more, sometimes less. It's always a good day when Jason calls me.

Another of my favorites is Sean. Sean lived about 20 miles from me when we first hooked up. While he has recently moved about 200 miles away now, he still comes to visit his family often, usually weekly or a little less. Sean is early 20's, black, about 6 foot tall and pretty well endowed himself. He's been coming regularly to my gloryhole for about 2 years. He has a solid cut 7"s and loves his cock sucked slowly. He is very receptive to my oral manipulations and I have learned exactly how to do him. 

From our long standing arrangement, talking on the phone before he visits, I have learned a lot about Sean. His father is a Deacon in a neighboring city and for some weird reason, that turns me on a little bit. It makes our arrangement a little more taboo. Sean is a very heavy cummer and that turns me on too.

I never knew how much he came until he sent me a video of himself jacking off. I couldn't believe how many times I had swallowed his monster load and didn't really know how much it was. When he starts moaning loudly, I know he is close and when he cums, he gets very vocal telling to swallow it all. He will usually visit 2-3 times when he is in town for the weekend. Once as soon as he arrives in town, even before going to his parents, then maybe the next night and always on his way out of town. I love his cock because he is always rock hard.

I have several "clients" come by weekly, some more regularly than others, but my rule remains that they must not be locals. They must live in another town or are just visiting, no locals. So far, this has worked out fine, as I never once have run into any of them in public. Even if I did, they would not recognize me as they have never seen my face, but I know them by face, as I peek out my window blinds and see them when they arrive at my house.

So, this brings me to my story. I got a response on Craig's List the afternoon of our annual family get together. The response in my email read...

"10 inch cut cock...6' 4"s...wm...29......200 lbs...heavy cummer...in town for 2 days only...if you're still looking...send address"

Not gonna lie, I was immediately excited after receiving his message. My face flushed when I read his reply claiming to have 10"s. I was bummed that there was no cock pic, as I have learned that most guys lie like crazy when describing their cock size. If a guy claims he has 7 inches, it's usually only about 5 ½"s...maybe 6"s on a good day. If a guy claims he has 8 inches, it's usually about 6 ½"...maybe 7"s.

Guys lie so bad about their cocks. This is why I ask for a picture of their cock erect. Still, if a guy claims he has 10"s, even if he is fudging the length a bit, it's still gonna be a very big cock.

I replied back, requesting a cock pic, to which he replied that he couldn't send a cock pic as he was married and refused to do that. A little disappointed that he wouldn't or couldn't send me a cock pic, I sent my number and told him to call me on my cell for my address. I told him to block his phone number if he wanted, not a problem. Less than 2 minutes later, my cell buzzed and my Caller ID said "anonymous".

When I answered with a hello, he replied, "Hey buddy. Is this the guy with the Craig's List ad for gloryhole head?"

I replied, "Yes, do you want to come by now?"

"I sure do, give me your address, I can be there in 15 minutes." he answered.

We had a very brief phone chat about what each other expected, I gave him directions to my house, asked him to park on the street. I told him how to access the mudroom on the side of my driveway and asked him to call me when he arrived so I would be ready. After hanging up, I set up the mudroom with a lit candle, unlocked the side door for him and set up the gloryhole frame in the doorway. 

As I peeked out my blinds watching the street in front of my house, waiting for him to arrive, I noticed the mail man had arrived and was sitting in his truck sorting mail. 

It seemed like 15 minutes couldn't come fast enough. Right on time, a big black truck with tinted windows pulled up and parked behind the mail truck in front of my house. Seconds later, my cell rang and still peeking out my blinds I watched his silhouette through his tinted windows sitting in his truck. I answered and told him to walk up the driveway and enter the door on the side.

As he exited his truck, I totally freaked out. While I only got a quick glimpse of his face and he was wearing sunglasses, he looked very familiar. He looked a lot like my cousin John, who was supposed to be coming to the family reunion, a whole lot like him. Squinting my eyes through the blinds to get a better look at his face, with his back now to me, my fears compounded. Was it my cousin John? Or was it a guy that just looked like him. Worse yet, he began a conversation with my mail man. I had no idea why they were talking, but I saw the mail man actually hand him my mail and I totally freaked out. Why would he give my mail to a total stranger? My name was surely on each envelope.

I hadn't seen John since our last family reunion and was really freaking that this might be him coming to my house to get his cock sucked. As a kid, when he lived in my hometown, we grew up together somewhat. Our families spent a lot of time together before his family moved away. While he was 6-7 years older than me, we didn't actually hang out with each other, but of course I saw him when our families got together.

As he went out of view walking up my driveway to my mudroom gloryhole entrance door, I panicked and went flush. I rushed to kneel in front of my gloryhole and waited for him to enter, not knowing what to do. Should I stop this? Should I tell him I changed my mind? Should I tell him it's me? 

On my knees peering up through the hole to hopefully see his face, I saw him enter and close the door quickly behind him. He was too tall to see his face at that angle, but like my cousin, he was maybe 6' 4"s tall and slim. While his room was dimly lit by a single candle, my side was pitch black and he couldn't see anything but darkness if he looked at the hole. In the dim light of the candle, he wasted no time in getting ready.

He actually took off his white button down shirt and laid it on the washer. He kicked off his shoes and then pulled off his tan khakis, neatly laying them on the washer too. Whoever it was, he was making himself very comfortable in my house.

As he lowered his boxer shorts, his cock came into view. It was thickly tumescent already, the beginning of a full erection, but not sticking straight out on it's own yet. Judging by the size, it was probably 8 inches already and looked like it still had quite some growing to do. 

As I watched through the hole, within just a few seconds, it began to swell in anticipation of what was to come. Like it had a life of it's own, it got thicker and longer as he stood there. Within just a few more seconds, it became fully erect, completely hard and was now sticking straight out. 

It was awesome, probably every inch he claimed it was and that was if he was being modest. It was the thickest cock I had ever seen and it was also the longest cock I had ever seen. As he stood in front of the hole, it was just inches from my mouth. When he shuffled his feet up to the hole, I got a really good look at it before he stuck it through. At that moment, cousin or not, I knew the answer to all my questions was no. I was not going to call it off, I was not going to tell him who I was, even if he had already seen my name on my mail, I was not going to confirm it. All I knew at that point was that I needed to suck that monster cock.

All he said was, "Here's your mail dude, the mailman gave it to me." as he shoved it through the hole to me. 

Me, dumbfounded at that, not knowing whether he had looked at it and seen my name. I still had no idea if he knew it was me.

Maybe he could see my eyes peering through the hole, but not enough of my face to recognize me in the dim light. Tentatively, but hungrily, I raised my mouth to the hole and opened it as wide as I could, sticking out my tongue as far as I could, as an invitation to him to feed me his cock, As his cock bobbed up and down with a pulse of it's own, he finally stepped forward and pressed into my waiting mouth. 

His cock was absolutely 100% rock hard, you know the kind, one of those unbending, unyielding boners that is so fucking hard it could drive nails. The kind of hard on that doesn't bend one iota and can destroy a throat, a pussy or an ass if allowed. I swear I could have hung a towel from it, it was so rigid and hard. 

The minute it entered my mouth, it reminded me of a steel pipe with a spongy head. His skin felt like satin or silk, super smooth, velvety almost. Pumping life to it, he had these thick long prominent blue and red veins that were running all through it, especially on the sides and underside. Big thick gnarly veins that looked so manly engorging it with all the blood those vessels could muster.

As he fed me only about half of it through the hole, I greedily gobbled it down as far as he allowed me access to it. The first thing I realized, was that he was thick, really thick, like one of those energy drink cans thick. He offered me about 6 inches of his hard circumcised meat and I attacked it with a passionate vengeance. 

I slobbered all over it, getting it wet, slimy wet, sloppy wet, so my lips would slide back and forth over it with no dry friction. Just barely 6 thick inches deep in my mouth, he was already touching my throat and had my mouth stretched wider than I ever had done before to accommodate a cock. His thickness was only rivaled by his length and virility. The heat that came from his cock was unreal, it was crazy warm and reminded me of something that just came out of the oven, which made it even sexier. 

I was in heaven as I strained, leaning forward to accept what he offered and almost begging for more, I mashed my forehead hard into the panel and pushed my straining lips as far down his shaft as he allowed me. I sucked on it hard trying to draw more length into my side of the hole. As I slurped on his cock, I'm sure my face was smashed so far into the hole that my lips were basically on his side of the wall trying to get him to feed me more. I was struggling to get more of his length and was trying to coax him into to giving me more, as I proved I could handle what he had already gifted me to worship. Still, as frustrating as it was, he didn't feed me any more of his length but just let me suck passionately on the 6 inches he offered. 

I gobbled up every inch he offered and wanted more. I was in heaven, his cock was magnificent and I would have done this all day if would let me. After maybe 10 minutes of this, me becoming even more frustrated, trying to get more of his cock, maybe sensing that, he inched forward allowing me another 2 inches to nurse on. 

I struggled to accommodate the extra couple of inches, letting it enter my throat and beginning to gag and gurgle on it. I always had pretty good control of my gag reflex, but he was at that point where I had to be cautious and make an extra effort on it, mostly because he was so hard and thick. He was still not pressed completely flush and tight into the hole and I'm sure he had already given me 8 inches to worship. He had everything I needed and I worked hard to please him. I slobbered up and down those 8 inches gagging every time it entered my throat, but I never relented. I gave my throat and spirit to him, even though I wretched and choked on it occasionally when it entered my gullet, I offered him my all. In time, maybe another 10 minutes or so, I was relaxed and could handle all he had given me so far without any gagging at all. 

He moaned his approval and let me sate myself on his cock for a while. Again, feeling I needed to prove my worth, I strained to press my lips as far into his side of the hole as possible. While it now caused me to wretch occasionally every few strokes as my throat was getting over abused, I fought through it and gagged him deeper in til I had all he offered. It was a very tight fit, but it fit and I proved to him and myself that I could handle it. I sucked on the full 8 inches he offered for at least 10 minutes before he decided to give me the rest.
