 Recap of The Mudroom Part I...

To catch you up...

In my mind, my worst fears had just been confirmed by my cousin John. It was actually his big cock that I had sucked off at what I thought was my anonymous gloryhole setup at my house. We had hooked up off a Craig's List ad that I had posted and I was mortified with what he just said to me at the family party. I knew for sure it was him that I sucked, as he whispered in my ear, "After this party, I'm gonna drop my mom off at the hotel and then come and fuck that tight little bubble butt of an ass you got. I've always wanted to do that. You good with that cuz?" 

That short comment cemented my suspicions that it was positively him who fed me that huge cock through the gloryhole at my house.

*

I stood there stunned as John walked away, my face flushed, my heart pounding and starting to perspire as I realized what a stupid thing I had done. The taboo implication of doing this to my own cousin was so wrong, and still, my cock was growing hard inside my swimsuit while digesting his comment. I watched as he sat down with my aunt and father, looking over his shoulder and glancing at me briefly before nonchalantly joining their conversation.

I was in total panic mode in my mind. What had I done? Not only did someone know I had sucked their cock, but it being my cousin made it 100% worse. Would he tell his mother, my father? Would he make it public to the whole family? Would my secret be exposed? What's going to happen? All these thoughts rushed through my head as Stephanie came up and gave me a big hug. I was careful not to press into her as I didn't want her to feel the erection swelling inside my bathing suit.

We both sat at a table for a while as she prattled on about how nice the party was. My mind was elsewhere and I barely heard a word she said. In the middle of her gibberish, I told her I was gonna jump in the pool. I turned away from all the party guests, threw off my shirt quickly and dove in before anyone could see the bulging tent in my bathing suit. My first concern, I just wanted my erection to go down before anyone noticed. While I'm not considered well endowed by any means, it was still painfully obvious if someone looked, that I had sprouted a full blown boner.

Stephanie followed me to the pool and sat on the edge with her legs dangling in the water. Her conversation picked up right where she left off and I was a little more attentive this time as I held onto the edge waiting for my erection to subside. Still, with all this on my mind, I needed some alone time to process it and asked if she would get me another beer.

"You've already had three and it's only 7:00 PM, you need to slow down or you're gonna get drunk." she laughed cautioning me before she went inside to retrieve me another.

I clung to the edge of the pool, while my erection wilted and tried to rationalize everything. Thinking it through, I came to terms that I was probably safe with my secret. John was married, a real estate agent, his wife was pregnant, he's just as guilty about this as I am. He doesn't want anyone to know that he let me suck his cock. He would be in just as much trouble as me, probably more. He wouldn't tell a soul. He couldn't, it would hurt him just as much as me. Still, the idea of someone knowing I sucked a cock, much less my cousin's cock, really tormented me. The strange part, at the same time, from what he had just whispered in my ear, I was totally excited about the possibility of getting to service his gorgeous cock again later tonight.

Now, I had never had anal sex, but it was a fantasy of mine. I had thought about it way more than once. John's huge cock might not be the ideal "starter cock" for my virgin ass. I mean it was positively gigantic, as I mentally pictured what it would look like sticking through my gloryhole waiting for me to press my ass down onto it. 

I was guessing he really was the 10"s as he claimed, it was huge. When we were younger, I remember overhearing my mother telling my father one night, that John's mother had to order his shoes online because his feet were a size 17 as a teenager. I never really thought about it much, but now, I couldn't help thinking that I had heard someone in the past say that you can tell the size of a man's cock by the size of his feet. Maybe an urban legend, but smiling to myself now, I thought, maybe it's true, his cock did match his big feet.

Stephanie returned with my beer but said she didn't want to get in the pool cause she didn't want to get her hair wet. Still, her presence at the moment was annoying to me. I really wanted some alone time as I couldn't stop thinking about getting to play with John's cock again. He had said he wanted to fuck me, but he didn't elaborate on how. Through the gloryhole, without the gloryhole, in each other's presence, with the lights on, in the dark, with a condom, he gave me nothing to go on. 

I imagined all kinds of scenarios. His cock sticking straight out through the gloryhole. Him and me in my bed with me on my knees, on my back, on my side. I didn't know what to expect, but I did know that I wanted to play with his cock again and would try to give up my ass if that obtained my goal.

Me and Stephanie had tried anal sex a few times, but she said it hurt too much. She had inserted a single finger into my ass during some blow jobs and I loved it, but was embarrassed to ask for it again and it only happened when she instigated it. This was all new to me.

Steph had to be at work at 11PM, she was a nurse at the hospital and had a 12 hour shift in front her. She had come to the party in her own car and would probably leave around 9-10PM, giving me the rest of the night to stay at the party or do as I please. I knew exactly what I pleased and every time I thought of it, my cock seemed to get re-energized. 

The party drug on and I came to peace with what was in my near future, nervous as hell about it, but realized it was really gonna happen. It seemed like every single time I looked at John, he was looking at me or turned and caught me staring at him. We would make eye contact and then he would just smile and turn away. I hung out with Stephanie mostly, but did mingle as expected, purposely avoiding John who quietly sat with his mother and my parents. We ate, drank and as time rolled on I was getting pretty buzzed, knowing I was well past a 6 pack on my beers. 

About 9PM, Stephanie announced she was going home to shower and get ready for work, but not before warning me to slow down on the drinking. By then, I was already on my 7th or 8th beer and was getting pretty loopy. The party was dwindling down and I mingled some more after she left and then started giving my goodbyes about 10PM.

John went to the end of the driveway, away from whoever was left and waited for me to leave. As I neared him, he walked over to me and said, "Mom is getting tired and wanting to go, so I will be at your house at 11PM sharp, be ready and make damn sure to clean yourself out. I want a nice clean fresh ass. Got it?"

I just nodded and mumbled something back as I got in my car and headed off. I had barely gotten down the street when the implications of "cleaning myself out" sunk in. He meant he wanted me to give myself an enema, to be clean, and I had no idea what to do about that. 

On the way home, I stopped at the Walgreens near my house, stumbled into the store and went straight to the personal hygiene section. I saw various rubber bulb style enema kits but my eye caught something else. 

They had a kit with a flexible 6 foot stainless steel hose that would attach to a shower head. It had a slender 1 inch wide tube that screwed on to the end. The tube was also 1 inch wide and maybe 6 inches long and it had 5-6 holes on the end of it. I assumed you just hooked it up to the shower head, inserted the tube in your butt, turned on the water and it would flush you out, pretty simple. For $20, it seemed far superior than the bulbs so, totally embarrassed, I handed it to the cute cashier and blushed as she rang it up while staring at me way longer than necessary. I can only imagine what she was thinking.

I went straight home, undressed and sat on the commode. Once I had managed a decent bowel movement, I attached the enema hose to the shower head and got in the shower. It was already 10:30 and I was trying to hurry in my inebriated state. Once in the shower, I soaped up my bottom and inserted the nozzle a few inches, then turned it on.

Whooosh!

It came out really fast like a jet hose. I repeated this process about 6 times til I had all 6 inches up my butt and felt that I was impeccably clean on the inside. After my shower, I groomed myself, put on some shorts and a t-shirt, set up the gloryhole and waited for 11PM, which was just a few minutes away.

At 11PM sharp my phone rang, it was John.

"Open the front door, I'm on your porch." was all he said as the phone went dead.

At that moment I knew we weren't using the gloryhole. While I had sucked a few cocks in my life, I was a little nervous about that. I hadn't touched a cock without a gloryhole wall separating me and the recipient of my oral manipulations since my college roommate.

John almost pushed his way in once I opened the door. He took his shoes off like he lived there, as he entered and kicked them over to the doorway where my sneakers were. I noticed his shoes looked almost unreal, freakishly big but totally masculine too. He handed me a small metal flask and said, "It's Scotch, make us some drinks, about 3 fingers each with a couple of ice cubes. Bring the flask back in here with the drinks." 

I went to the kitchen, making the drinks like he requested, when I noticed 3 fingers of Scotch was like 2-3 shots. I was still buzzing from the beer and really didn't want any more alcohol. When I returned, he was already sitting on the couch waiting for me. He patiently took a sip and then looking me directly in the eyes, finally spoke again.

"Man, you sure can suck some cock good. You got skills cuz. That was the best blowjob I have had in years. My wife, hell, she can't handle it like that, not even half as much as you can. Nobody can really, except one guy I know in Dallas, (where he was living), he can take the whole thing and even as good as he is, he struggles on it. He chokes some but mostly whines like a bitch about it being too big." he laughed. "Which kind of turns me on to tell the truth."

"You, you let me face fuck you and didn't whine. I loved it, but tonight, I'm gonna break you down cuz. I'm gonna make you whine, you'll see. I'm gonna make you moan, groan, whine and pine. When I cum, I'm gonna drench the wench. You being the wench. You'll see. Still, you can sure suck some cock, but it's not about that tonight. Tonight, I'll break that ass down like it needs to be broken down." he said in a cocky manner but serious and believable.

At that moment I was kind of proud, for some reason, that comment about my oral talents, made me feel special in my drunken state. At the same time, all the talk about breaking my ass and making me whine, was kind of scaring me.

"Well, I'm glad you liked it, your cock is my fantasy cock. I have never seen one so big and so hard. I would love to give you a repeat blowjob. I want to service your cock again really bad." I tried to casually chime back, but once I said it, I knew I sounded like I was begging for it.

"Why do you think I'm here? I want my cock sucked til you wear down and then I want to fuck your ass the same way. I'm gonna pop that ass til you're completely turned out on my cock. Now, are you gonna give me that sweet girly plump ass of yours, I mean really give it to me?" he challenged me.

As my cock started to swell in my shorts, I replied, "John, I don't know if I can handle all your cock, it's really long and really thick too. I will try but would you be happy with just a blowjob if I can't handle it?"

"No, you tell me right now that you will let me power fuck your pretty ass any way I want. As deep and as long as I want, or I'm leaving right now and you get no cock. Say it or I swear I'm leaving." he challenged me.

John just stared at me waiting for my reply. Not sure I could make that commitment and stick to it, I nervously said, "Okay, I will try. I promise."

"Not good enough cuz, tell me right now that you will give your ass 100% to me, to do as I please or I walk. Tell me I can fuck it as deep, as fast, as long and as hard and anyway I want, or I'm leaving and getting somebody else on Craig's List that will." again he challenged me.

"John, I will try the best I can." I barely got the words out of my mouth before he stood, chugged his drink and started heading to the front door.

"Again, not good enough cuz, I'm leaving if you can't promise it 100% with no backing out." he said as he started to shove a foot into one of his circus clown sized large shoes.

I panicked, then I weakened, then I gave in and then I pleaded, "Okay, okay, I will, okay, don't go, don't go, please, just sit down, you can do anything you want. You can do it your way. You can do whatever you want, as deep, as hard, as fast and as long. Please, just sit down, don't go."

Suddenly sporting a victory smile, knowing I was defeated and resigned to doing anything he wanted for the chance to service his cock again, he said, "Good boy, now chug that drink, pour us two more and lets get to it, my cock is hard and needy." 

Still tipsy from all the beer, I gulped down the large shot of Scotch. God it burned going down, I just knew it was gonna fuck me up as I was still trying to deal with my beer buzz.

"Go, pour us two more while I get ready," he schooed me off with a wave of his hand. "Don't you worry little cuz, I'm gonna train that ass just like I trained your throat. Your gonna get every inch up your butt and be begging for more before I finish with you. I promise. All we need to do is get your buzz stewing. Once your mind is free, your body will follow. I know what I'm doing. I got a fresh bottle of poppers for you too. Your little rosebud is gonna dilate and open up hungrily til you beg to be abused before I finish with you."

My ears perked up when I heard that. Poppers, what were they?

"John what are poppers? I don't do drugs." I asked afraid.

"Nah, not drugs, just a inhalant stimulant to help you relax, they sell it in the book stores. It's all legal and safe. It only lasts 30-45 seconds then goes away. You're gonna love them." he replied as I re-entered the room.

What I saw totally blew me away. John was stark naked sitting on my couch. Buck naked, no shame at all with his thick 10" cock sticking straight up pointing at the ceiling. Completely hard, fully erect and looking so fucking masculine, I felt my mouth start to salivate. I have known him all my life and this was the first time I noticed, he was really kind of attractive in a way. Not handsome really, just overly masculine, trim, fit, toned, but oooooh my God, that cock stole the show.

My shorts had tented fully now as my cock strained against the fabric. I stumbled up to him handing him his second drink. I hadn't poured as much in my glass and when he noticed that, he grabbed my glass out of my hand and handed me his fuller one. "Take mine, trust me, you'll need it." he laughed. "Now, get undressed and kneel between my legs, you got some cock sucking to do to get this session started."

I peeled off my shorts and t-shirt, way too drunk to care, but still a little embarrassed by my nudity and my smaller erection. "Can I turn off the lights, or at least dim them?" I asked.

"No way, I want to watch you, you're so fucking talented. I want to watch you gobble my cock up with that very talented and very trainable throat of yours." he laughed.

I set my drink down and knelt between his legs. His monster erection seemed to beckon me. I couldn't take my eyes off it. My mouth watered as I positioned myself on my knees to suck him. As I leaned in, before my lips could make contact, John pressed his index finger firmly on my forehead, stopping my progress, heeding my lowering my mouth to his cock. 

"Not yet, finish that drink and then start sucking cuz." he smiled at me.

"John, I'm really fucked up, no more for me please." I implored.

"Drink the drink dammit, and quit fucking fighting me on every little thing. God damn cuz, drink the fucking drink." he growled.

I wanted to suck that dick and maybe this was the last hoop he was going to make me jump through, so I put the glass to my lips and gulped it down. It really burned and it seemed like as soon as I gulped it down, I felt the effects. I was so drunk now, really drunk, and my head was spinning out of control. I was to the point where I was past my limit and worried about getting sick. Still, my hunger to suck his cock was totally overwhelming and I pushed through it.

"Good boy." he said as I almost dropped my glass before I got it to the table. "Now it's time to feast on the beast." he laughed.

As soon as it touched my lips, I was at peace. Not sober by any means, I was still buzzed out of my head, but that was a secondary feeling now. Nothing was gonna stop me from worshipping this big veiny hard cock. As I greedily slobbered down on 6 inches of meat, I was in heaven. Finally I got to suck this masculine and the absolute biggest and hardest cock I had ever seen again. It seemed bigger than before in the bright light of the room. A real show piece, hard as a rock and all mine.

As I now passionately nursed on his big cock, John took out his phone and started fiddling with it. He seemed obsessed with finding something on it and was not paying attention to what I was doing, but it didn't seem to matter. While I sucked his cock he played with his phone for at least 5 minutes. His cock didn't even get softer while he seemed to be ignoring my work. I felt like this guy could do Chinese arithmetic while getting a blowjob and could still maintain a 100% erection. His cock was unreal hard, like a flesh bone, so thick and hot in my mouth.

Finally he stopped playing with his phone and I heard the audio part of a porn video. 

"Look at this. This is gonna be you." he said, as I reluctantly started to stop and remove my mouth.

"No, no, no, no, no. Don't stop, nobody told you to stop, just look at this while you suck my cock." he fussed at me as he held the phone display down low so I could see it while still sucking his cock. "Now don't get jealous, cause like I said, that's gonna be you in just a little bit." he said.

On the screen was John fucking some really young looking smooth twinky guy. The guy looked like he was early 20's and couldn't have been 5' 2"s at best. His petite, feminine frame was so small and delicate looking as John had him face down in a bed's mattress, buns up kneeling and was pounding his smooth hairless girly ass. His overly plump and round butt was getting stuffed by every inch John could get up there. Buried to the root in his ass, the guy groaned and howled loudly every time John bottomed out. Through all his whining and moaning from getting stuffed and pounded, he never tried to pull away from John's monster cock. He loved it, as John slammed that meat as deep as he could in that tiny stretched rosebud.

This poor guy was getting dicked down. I mean John had the phone camera recording everything in absolute clear focus and up close too. You could actually see his rubbery sphincter muscle ring push in and pull out as John forced it's clingy tightness around his cock both ways on the in and out strokes. John would pull his cock out til you could just see the beginning of the tip, then slap it back in, pushing all 10"s right up this guys ass. The guy was sobbing and whining loudly after a few minutes of this abuse, literally crying with tears rolling out of his eyes as John zoomed in on his face to document it.
