 The characters in this story are fictional although the inspiration came from real conversations. Please always practice safe sex. Feedback on the story is always appreciated. 

2017 Panamacock

*****

Ethan stood by his military pickup, which was parked behind the small storage building; partially hidden from sight. He was waiting to catch any soldier trying to sneaking back on base late from leave or AWOL (absent without leave). The punishment for infractions was harsh and he was good at catching them. The men and women had been using this partially hidden entrance for years and he was tired of it. His commanding officer had been on his ass for the past few months to catch the guilty soldiers and today he was ready to catch one. Ethan knew his promotion to a Major probably hinged on a few good arrests over the next few months and he liked being an MP.

Ethan saw a man squeezing through the fence opening in the distance and take a look around; to see if he had been observed. The soldier ran cautiously forward and up the embankment and then ran across the wet field, dampened by the earlier rain. Ethan gunned the pickup forward and towards an intercept with the soldier, who now changed course to avoid the advancing pickup. Ethan stopped the pickup and raced from the vehicle, launching himself as he tackled the soldier and wrestled with him on the ground. Ethan managed to subdue the soldier and put handcuffs on him, but both men now soaking wet and muddy from the tussle. 

"Get your sorry ass up soldier," commanded Ethan as he helped the man stand up and then he added, "March to the truck."

Ethan followed the man to the truck where he placed the shackled hands on the hood and began to frisk the man, looking for any weapon. The young man was Hispanic and probably about 25 years old. He had short military haircut and was less than 6 feet tall.

"Okay, what do you have to say for yourself soldier?" asked Ethan after he had finished the frisk, both men still dripping wet.

"Sorry Captain, I was just trying to get back to my unit on time," came his reply.

"Don't think you are going to make it on time tonight soldier," came Ethan's gruff response and then added "And who the fuck are you?"

"My id is in my right hip pocket Sir," came the response.

Ethan extracted the military ID card from the pocket and looked at it.

"Fucking marine," said Ethan as he looked at the ID card. 

The base was a shared base in that there were Navy, Marine Corp and Army personnel on the post and the marine's id showed that indeed he was Lt. Jose Hernandez USMC.

"So what do you have to say for yourself lieutenant?" asked Ethan.

"Was just trying to be back to my unit Sir and was running a little late. So I decided to take a short cut Sir," came the quick reply.

"Yeah, your sorry ass is going to be real late now," came Ethan's gruff reply and then he added, "You know you are sneaking in through this gate is illegal and I am going to bust you for it."

"Fuck Sir, I didn't mean to do anything wrong, I just needed to get in before I was AWOL," replied the agitated Marine.

"Your going to go to the brig Marine, so get your ass in the back of the truck. I am not letting you climb in the front and get my cab all filthy," ordered Ethan as he opened the tailgate and pushed the Marine into the back of the open pickup.

The Marine lay down in the back and Ethan climbed in the front, where he was glad for the heat that blew from the vents. It had turned cool after they had gotten wet and the sun was falling quickly. Ethan put the truck in gear and headed towards the main road. A couple of minutes later he pulled in front of a unit and shut the truck off. He walked towards the back of the pickup and lowered the tailgate and dragged the Marine out and upright.

"I am going to change my clothes and you are going to wait inside while I do that," said Ethan as he pushed the Marine towards the door.

"What the fuck place is this?" blurted out the Marine.

"This is my BOQ and you are going to wait inside while I change uniforms," said Ethan.

"I am not going to go into your quarters," said the Marine and then asked, "How stupid do you think I am?"

"What do you think is going to happen to you Marine?" asked Ethan curtly and then added as he grasped the Marine around the neck, "And you will address me as Sir, you fucking jarhead."

"Well Sir," replied the Marine arrogantly and then added, "This is not the brig and don't know what the fuck is going on here."

"What do you think is going on here you fucking jarhead," came Ethan's response and then added, "You think somebody is going to attack your ass in my house."

"Don't flatter yourself," said Ethan as he looked down at the young man's uniform covered ass.

"Your fucking pissing me off jarhead," said Ethan as he pushed the young marine through the open door.

"I have to pee," said the Marine and then asked, "Can I use the head?"

"Down the hall and first door on right," said Ethan as he pointed in the direction. 

The Marine walked down the hall, tracking mud as he went. Ethan looked at the mess and then ran down the hall after him.

"You are making a mess in my house you fucking jarhead," yelled Ethan towards the Marine.

Ethan stepped into the bathroom and confronted the Marine, standing in front of the toilet with his hands cuffed behind his back.

"Your sorry ass is going to pay for all this mess," said Ethan to the quiet Marine.

"A little help?" asked the Marine.

"What, you think I am going to whip your dick out for you jarhead. For all I care you can pee on yourself," said Ethan.

"I can't do anything with these cuffs on Sir," said the Marine.

"Fuck," said Ethan as he reached around to the front of the Marine and unclasped his belt and pulled his pants down. 

The young Marine was wearing a jockstrap and Ethan could see his cock prominently in the front of the heavily piss stained pouch. 

"Don't you fucking Marines ever change your shorts?" asked Ethan.

"I was on leave and didn't have a chance to do laundry Sir," came the response from the Marine, a little more respectful this time.

Ethan kneeled down and pulled down the waist strap on the jock and the young Marine's uncut cock bounced loose. The cock looked to be half erect and had a pair of heavy nuts handing down; surrounded by a nest of heavy black pubic hair. The foreskin still covered the tip of the cock, although it was partially erect.

"You are going to have to pulled the skin back and point it or I will pee all over the floor," said the Marine.

"I am not touching your fucking cock," replied Ethan.

"Then I am going to pee all over your floor," said the Marine.

"If you do Marine you will be licking it up off the floor," said Ethan and he reared up and grasped the Marine by the neck again.

Ethan had his face within inches of the Marine and could swear he saw a smile come to the younger man's face. 

"Something amuse you jarhead?" asked Ethan.

"Provost Marshall might have something to say about all this," replied the Marine.

"You fucking jarhead prick," replied Ethan as he pushed the Marine to the side and into the open shower. The Marine fell to the tiled floor, barely catching himself with his cuffed hands. He rolled onto his back with his pants and jockstrap partially down his thighs and most of his body in the shower.

"Now you can piss all over yourself," said Ethan as he looked down at the Marine.

"And I will get you started," came a quick retort from Ethan as he stepped over the Marine and pulled out his own uncut cock and aimed it at the Marine. It was only a few seconds and Ethan started urinating on the young man's cock and then repositioned his aim for the already yellow stained jockstrap.

"Here is a little more stain for you jarhead," said Ethan as he intentionally soaked the jockstrap in his piss.

Ethan finally stopped his piss stream and pulled his foreskin back and forth a few times and shock off the excess.

"Fuck jarhead, lick it clean," said Ethan as he knelt down and shoved his cock into the open mouth of the young Marine.

The Marine gasped and sputtered a few seconds before Ethan withdrew his cock and stood over the young man.

"Strip your ass down and get cleaned up. I will show you how water works jarhead," said Ethan as he watched the Marine rise up and roll onto his side.

"My hands are cuffed you prick," yelled the Marine.

Ethan knelt down and unlocked the handcuffs off the young man.

"I will be right here, so don't try anything," said Ethan.

Ethan started stripping down his wet clothes until he stood over the Marine who had only removed his boots so far and struggled with his wet pants and piss soaked jockstrap. The Marine wrung them out in the shower and then removed his shirt, exposing his hairy olive skinned body. The two men looked at each other and then Ethan pushed the Marine into the shower and then stepped in.

"You had better behave jarhead and we can both get cleaned up," said Ethan.

"What the fuck you want me to do, scrub your back Sir?" asked the Marine.

"You had better not drop the soap jarhead," came the quick response from Ethan.

Both men scrubbed their bodies with the soap and washcloth; trying to remove the rain and mud. Their clothes bunched up on the wet filed floor.

Ethan watched the Marine as he stepped from the shower and handed him a towel. Soon both men were dry but still naked; the Marine's cock still partially erect.

"Are you fucking queer boy? Your cock is been hard this entire time, fucking Marine," asked Ethan.

"No Sir, not queer Sir," replied the Marine.

"You marines like to get ass fucked don't you?" asked Ethan as he leaned in towards the younger man. Ethan still stood a couple inches over Jose and used it to his advantage.

"No Sir, never been ass fucked before Sir," came the Marines' response.

"Now you are paying me a little more respect, aren't you jarhead?" asked Ethan.

"Sorry Sir, no disrespect Sir. You had me scared before Sir," replied Jose.

"What are you scared about Marine?" asked Ethan.

"Getting written up for AWOL Sir, I will do anything to keep from going to the brig Sir," said Jose with fear in his voice.

"If I told you to suck my cock, would you do it Marine?" commanded Ethan.

"I am not queer Sir," replied Jose.

"You don't sound too convincing on that jarhead," responded Ethan and then added, "You Marines are always fucking each other from what I hear."

"If you get sent to the brig, you are going to be sucking cock there Marine," responded Ethan and then added, "Here at least it is just mine."

Ethan stepped in front the young man and gently pushed his head down until he was eye level with his erect cock. The idea of the young Marine sucking his cock had quickly caused an erection and the warm mouth was soon working on his uncut cock.

"That mouth has been wrapped around a cock before," said Ethan in encouragement as Jose worked his throbbing cock.

Ethan let Jose work on his cock for a few minutes until the sensation of a climax began to build. He then pulled the younger mans mouth off and commanded him to stand up.

"You can now lick my ass for a while Marine. I like to have my asshole rimmed and you are going to do it," said Ethan to the amazed Marine.

"You said if I sucked your cock I wouldn't go to the brig Sir," said Jose.

"And you might not," said Ethan and then added, "But it will take a lot more than a quick cock sucking to keep your ass out of the brig."

Ethan walked into his bedroom and turned on the lamp. He positioned himself over the edge of the bed and exposed his ass to the younger man.

"Eat my ass jarhead," commanded Ethan.

Jose knelt down behind Ethan and began to run his tongue into the senior officers hairy ass crack. Jose had often wondered what an ass looked like and was pleasantly surprised at the experience. Jose had not had sex for a few days and the excitement actually aroused him. He pulled Ethan's ass cheeks further apart and ran his tongue in deeper than he would ever have imagined him doing. Occasionally he reached down and stroked his own cock, dripping pre-cum and rock hard in excitement.

"You are pretty good at that jarhead," said Ethan and then added, "Now suck on my balls and dick again."

Jose was still on his knees and gently sucked the man's hairy balls into his mouth and worked on the dripping cock. He gently nibbled on the foreskin, knowing how much he liked that done on his own uncut cock. The taste was slightly bitter, but not unlike his own precum; which he had tasted before. Jose had found it erotic licking his own cum from his hand, having to jerk off every few days. Jose had not told Ethan this, but he found the smell of urine erotic, hence the piss stained jock. The jockstrap had been worn and pissed on intentionally; sniffing them frequently when he masturbated. 

"Stay on your knees jarhead," commanded Ethan as he rolled over and pushed his cock towards Jose's mouth again.

"Feed on it jarhead," said Ethan as Jose leaned back in and started sucking his cock again. Ethan let him work on it for a few minutes until the urge to climax started building again.

"I have a new place for you jarhead," said Ethan and then added, "On your back now and show me that hot marine pussy of yours."

"Fucking me isn't part of our agreement," said Jose in protest.

"Me fucking you or your bunkmate in the brig fucking you, which will it be?" asked Ethan and then said, "And that is Sir to you fuckhead."

Jose lay back on the bed and raise his legs like he knew what to expect. He grabbed his ankles and presented an exposed hairy asshole for Ethan.

"You been in this position before?" asked Ethan.

"No Sir, not queer Sir," replied Jose.

Ethan had been in this position before and liked it. He had fucked numerous marines before and always loved his big cock stuffed in their tight asses. Nothing quite had the feel of a tight submissive marine taking his thrusts as he drilled his cock in their ass. The marines always grunted and took the fucking and Ethan knowing that some actually liked it.

Ethan reached over and took a tube of lube from the drawer and spread some on the winking hole of the Marine. He rubbed some lube around his finger and began probing the tender hole. He knew if he injured the Marine, there would be hell to pay; so preparing the tight ass was important. Jose seemed to taking the anal probing well and surprising quickly relaxed and so Ethan moved forward. Standing at the edge of the bed, he lubed up his own big cock and then gently pushed the cock into the jarhead's ass. 

The marine grunted at the invasion and after a few seconds Ethan felt the head pass thru his anal ring and the resistance slackened. Another minute passed while Ethan fed the jarhead the rest of his cock and soon his pubes were grinding against the marine's ass.

"You like having a man invade your ass don't you Marine?" asked Ethan.

"Ooh rah Sir," replied Jose.

"You know I love being in your ass," said Ethan as he bent down and kissed Jose on the lips. 

Ethan and Jose had played out this scenario before and found it exciting to come up with new ideas and twists.

"And that is why I keep coming back to you," said Jose as he smiled at his lover.

Ethan fucked his jarhead for the next ten minutes before he could not hold back any further. Jose had been fucked by Ethan enough times to know when his lover was getting ready to cum; and so it was that they came together again tonight. Ethan pumped a heavy load of cum into Jose's ass and Jose shot a huge load of cum from his own cock. As Ethan gently pulled his slippery cock from Jose's ass; he pulled the young man into his arms and kissed him.

"Can you stay the night?" asked Ethan.

"You know I will," replied Jose.

"Good," said Ethan as he never wanted to let go of the jarhead in his arms.