 This is the story of what happened a few days after my reunion with a childhood crush turned in to a much more "intimate" relationship.

I relaxed in the embrace of my boy friend, our naked bodies spooning together. His cock rested in my ass crack and one of his hands was wrapped around my waist, tantalisingly close to my own cock. The last couple of days had been amazing; I was back in town for the first time in years and had finally brought one of my oldest sexual fantasies to fruition. Sighing I rolled out of bed leaving Ricky sprawled naked, half wrapped up in the sheets. Shrugging on Ricky's dressing gown I went in search of food. 

In the kitchen I found Ricky's mom, for about the forth time this weekend we shared some quiet, but awkward conversation. We didn't have anything in common except Ricky, she was his mother and I was fucking him each night. She didn't mind that Ricky was gay; she was even supportive of him but between her and me there was just no connection. To make matters even more awkward Ricky's mother was a prostitute and in the years I had been away she apparently hadn't stopped being one. Ricky's had been on the receiving end of a lot shit from the other kids at school because of this. The other day I had come out of Ricky's room to find a powerfully attractive older man leaving the house. Today I appeared to have missed her client but she was still only dressed in a see through T-shirt. Underneath I could see she wasn't wearing anything and when she bent over to find something in the drawer I found my self leaning over to get a better look at her sweet ass. All of a sudden I realised that I was getting turned on by my own lover's mother.

Finally I grabbed a bowl of cereal and retreated to my lover's room. Together we finished the cereal and Ricky even licked up some of the milk which spilled down my chin before rather suggestively stretching and saying he needed a shower. Needing no more hints I followed him into the bathroom and quickly removed my robe. As he turned on the shower I came up behind him and wound my arms around his waist with my hands less than an inch from his cock. Ricky began to slowly rub himself against me while I kissed his neck. My hands toying with his man rod playfully. Before long both of us were rock hard, at which point Ricky broke out of my embrace and grabbed my hand leading us into the shower. I was so turned on I even forgot to pull the glass door shut.

Face to face we kissed as our dicks teasingly touched each other. Slowly Ricky went further down my body and began to concentrate on my nipples. Forcing me up against the wall he would suckle on one before swapping back to the other. Then he began to move lower and for a while he flicked his tongue in and out of my navel. Finally he reached my horny bit of man meat. Neatly he flicked his tongue up and down my shaft before gently kissing the tip. Then in one movement he took the whole thing in his mouth. He began to rock his head back and forth, his lips and tongue gliding over my cock. I rested my head against the wall and simply enjoyed the sensation, my god it was good. Soon I felt my body tense ready to fill my boys' mouth with sweet cum. 

Realising I wanted more, I took his head and pulled him off me. He gave me a quizzical look, but I motioned for him to turn around and he got the idea. Standing up he turned to face the far wall. He placed his hands either side of the shower head and allowed the water to wash over his face, then he stuck out his gorgeously toned ass and shook it at me. Grabbing his hips I pulled my self up to him rubbing my horny dick against his ass. For a few moments this continued before I began to kiss his back. Slowly I worked my way down, kissing, licking and rubbing his beautiful body. Eventually I reached his ass crack and ran my tongue down its length.

I felt Ricky shiver under my touch, which turned me on even more. With one hand I reached between his legs and began to fondle his balls. With the other hand I stretched his ass checks wider. After the water had had a chance to wash into his crack I stuck my tongue in, circling it around his tight A-hole. I began to gently probe with my tongue, slowly forcing my way in, and then retreating. I could feel the tension in Ricky and decided to pop his cherry. Standing up I grabbed his hips again, but this time I guided my horny piece of flesh right to his anus.

At first there was a lot of resistance, I watched hungrily as my swollen cock head struggled against his sweet pink butt hole. As I pushed harder and harder, and more water plashed over us I felt his ass give way. With a sudden movement I had my heated shaft inside his ass. I began to rock back and forth, slowly pulling my swollen shaft almost out before swiftly plunging it back into Ricky's toned ass. I was amazed at the sight of my cock buried in his tanned ass. Part of me started thinking how wrong and forbidden this whole thing was. But that thought only turned me on more.

A slight sound made me turn my head to look out into the bathroom. Standing there in a silk dressing gown so short it barely covered anything, and open enough to reveal a distinct lack of bra was Ricky's mother. A sudden gush of hot emotion hit me. I realised that Ricky with his face still aimed at the shower head had his eyes closed and was unaware of his mother presence. Hornier then I had ever been before, I began to fuck Ricky harder, with big powerful thrust of my shaft that went deeper and deeper. I never took my eyes of Ricky's mothers beautiful body, as I approached my climax. Ricky began to yell, begging me to go harder and faster until I felt him tense up. I reached around and grabbed his man flesh as he began to cum. Spray after spray of his nectar flew from his cock as I milked my boy for all he was worth. As I was doing this I felt my self lose all control, with one final thrust I unleashed my load in Ricky's rear. Wave after wave of pleasure pulsated out from my cock, and I moaned uncontrollably. Ricky's mom shocked at our display of carnal lust backed out of the room as I grinned at her. Her eyes were focused on where our two bodies meet as one and seemed to have a hard time breaking herself away from the sight.