 This is a total rewrite of "Dana's Gift".  If you enjoy this story please vote and leave feedback--I would greatly appreciate it.
Thanks and ENJOY!

*****

Hi! It's me Dana, it's been awhile since I've told you about Sam and I so I thought I thought I'd let you know how things are going.

I'm glad to say that our relationship has never been stronger. I was afraid originally that things between Sam and I would become weird or he would tire of me once I gave myself over to him, but the e3xact opposite has happened. I am surprised to say that my life with Sam, although totally unconventional, is the strongest relationship I have ever had. 

Not only has he not lost interest, but an entire new world of happiness and frankly sexual pleasure has been opened to me thanks to Sam. 

Sam's appetite for me is insatiable! I can't even blame it on his age because even the horniest teenager gets worn out sometimes, but Sam never lets up.

He is also a very thoughtful lover. Sam is always thinking about me, about my needs before his own; he always brings me flowers from outside for no reason at all and he constantly tells me how pretty he thinks I am. These are small things, but I find them very romantic.

Okay, look, I'm not bragging, it's just that I have never been happier in my entire life and I am so thankful to have found such a kind, loving, warm man—Sam is the kind of guy you read about in novels, but don't see very often in real life. 

So onto our story, Sam had been making a lot of videos lately, it is as if when he isn't actually having sex he is thinking about it all the time and the movies he makes are an outlet for that. I was also glad to see that his videos went back to a more subtle, gentle nature celebrating the fun of nudity and the embarrassing situations he could get himself in while losing his clothes. 

He is just so cute!

I would have thought his videos would have progressed into more raunchy stories, but instead he went back to the fun style that were more in his early works—I like talking about his videos as if they are fine art, it makes me giggle. 

Of course the big bids on his website were for the more hardcore stuff, but Sam stayed away from those and although he could use the money I was glad to see him not falling into a life of porn. My Sam was too sweet for that. 

Now at this point I must confess that although I was glad Sam wasn't going for the hardcore requests, I was all consumed with the idea one bidder had requested and that was for Sam to GIVE a blowjob! I don't know why, but the idea of that—the image it created in my mind—was one I just couldn't get out of my every thought and it haunted me.

I spoke to my friend Jen about it. Jen is a very frank and open person when it comes to sex. She told me she thinks that all guys should suck another man off once in their lives and, in her words 'Take it up the ass' at least once to be more appreciative about what we women deal with. I told her that I wasn't sure if I agreed with that—I happen to like the so called manly men and I thought that would be a little emasculating, which doesn't appeal to me, but then again, I was the one imagining Sam with another man in his mouth! Jen suggested it was the naughtiness of it that attracted me and that she thinks I'm a little repressed sexually and I should be more open to new things. She suggested that I present the idea to Sam and see what he thinks. Jen believes all guys are so sexual that they will 'put it anywhere it feels good' and they're all willing to cross the line if necessary. I didn't agree with her at all, but the idea continued to intrigue me.

One day I was daydreaming about that very subject while washing the dishes when Sam entered the room.

"What's on your mind?" he asked.

"Huh! Oh, I just . . . I was just thinking." I said surprised.

I looked at him and he was dressed only in a pair of white boxers. Sam leaned against the kitchen wall looking at me. I wish I had a photograph of him like that, in his boxers, with the sun blasting through the window spilling over his tight frame. If that boy isn't art I don't know what is!

I also became aware of the fact that I was wearing his favorite sundress—the one that drove him the most wild.

"What were you thinking about?" he asked.

"Nothing, just some stuff." I said. Then I noticed his patented grin, "What?" I asked smiling back at him.

"You were thinking something naughty, weren't you?"

"Maybe." I teased.

Sam walked up behind me and put his hands on my shoulders and massaged them. Goosebumps scattered across my neck and back and I almost shivered.

"Tell me," he whispered.

"You won't like it." I taunted him.

"Is it something sexy?" he asked trying to prolong this moment.

"Very sexy. Very naughty. Very . . . taboo." I said through a smile.

"I want to hear it in graphic detail." he said as he pushed his full body up against mine.

"Well, I was just thinking about your videos and how fun they are and I was wondering how we could make them a little more fun." I said.

"And what did you come up with?"

"I was thinking something so hot it would make me melt if I saw it. Something that makes me want to pull this dress off my body right now and ravage you." I quietly told him.

I could feel him growing harder against my lower back as he pushed into me.

"I have to know . . ." he said in agony.

"I want to see a video where you have . . . where you have to put . . ." I almost couldn't go on.

His hands slipped off my shoulders and cupped my breasts, he hesitated finding me bra-less then he gently caressed them.

"Tell me," he said. "I will do anything for you—I promise. What do you want to see me do?"

"I want to see you put a penis in your mouth!" I said and his hands stopped.

"What!" he asked totally backing away from me.

I turned to face him, taking the time to notice his failing erection.

"I know you're against it, but I really want to see it. I feel like I need to see you do that."

"Why?" He asked.

"The same reason you like seeing two girls together. What's better than seeing one naked girl—two naked girls, of course! Well, the same holds true for guys."

There was a long awkward pause.

"Dana, I can't. I just can't. I'm sorry, but there's no way." he said and he looked truly hurt that he was disappointing me. That made me love him even more.

"I know. I just wish you would reconsider it. It's not going to hurt you and just think how much fun it would be to try something so forbidden. And I know Tom and Jim would be cool with it." I looked at his underwear and saw that he had almost completely deflated. Sam leaned against the wall again and looked away unsure of what else to say. He was clearly bothered by this request because he hated to refuse me anything, but this was anathema to his true sexuality. I decided to try a new tactic.

"Just picture Tom standing there completely naked and vulnerable, then you walk up to him and kiss his lips, your hand reaches out and gently fondles him . . ." Sam's underwear shifted. I looked back at his face and saw it blush in real time then my eyes met his and he was almost daring me to continue.

"The two of you, so young, so sexy, so nude, so naked to your own inhibitions; you stroke his penis until it hardens . . ."

Sam was getting stiffer.

"His throbbing . . . COCK! . . ." I said loudly and Sam laughed. " . . . Delights at your touch, and then you slowly put him in your mouth and suck him dry!" I said and Sam now had a full erection. He stepped forward looking almost obscene with his underwear tenting out so much.

"Okay, okay, enough. I get it it's a funny image, me with a . . ." his voice lowered, " . . . dick . . . in my mouth. But an image is all it's going to be." He said with finality. "I would just never do that. I'm straight!"

"You sound pretty sure of yourself for a guy who just got so hard thinking about blowing your best male friend!" I said mocking him. He looked at me with fake anger and nodded his head.

"Yeah, that's right, I'm gay because you seductively said sex words while wearing my favorite dress and I got hard, so clearly I want gay sex!"

"No. Sam, I know you're not gay. That's what makes it so hot. You notice I didn't say I want to watch a video of Tom and Jim having sex. I want to watch you—my beloved straight man put a gay man's penis in his mouth for MY enjoyment. That doesn't make you gay." I noticed that Sam's erection hadn't gone down, but instead was throbbing against the cotton of his underwear.

"I know, and I'm not homophobic or anything—I think I've proved that, it's just that . . ." Sam tried to find the right words.

"Are you afraid you might like it?" I asked. "Because that's no reason not to try. In fact, it's the very reason you should try it!" I reassured him.

Sam's face was now beat red and I could tell he was really thinking about this. His white shorts were becoming clear from the wetness of his erection. I decided to take matters into my own hands.

"Watch this, Sam." I said as I walked over to him. I tickled my finger up his shaft and slowly pulled his hard-on out of his boxers as I knelt in front of him.

"Look at how sexy this is. I know you like to watch me when I put this in my mouth." I said as I licked the precum from the tip of his dick. "I love the feeling of your warm hard dick on my tongue and between my cheeks and I know you like looking at me while I slip it between my lips . . ." 

I did just that and I looked up and saw his usual response—his head flung back in ecstasy and then bent forward again to watch me blowing him. I gave Sam the best blowjob I know how to give and I think I really gave him something to think about.

When I had finished him he ravaged me.

And I loved it.

A few more weeks had gone by and soon it was my birthday. Sam took me out for dinner and a movie and we had a lovely time. We came home and he said goodnight—which seemed awfully early for both of us, but I just figured he was tired so I went along with it. We still slept in our own separate rooms unless we were feeling amorous. I assumed he would sleep with me tonight, but instead he decided to sleep in his own bedroom and I didn't question it. I just figured he wasn't in the mood.

I should know Sam better by now.

I went into my bedroom and there was an envelope on my nightstand.

I opened it up and it was a card made from a beautiful photo Sam had taken of our backyard during an incredible sunset. Inside it read: 

'Dana, I can't tell you how much you mean to me. Every day I spend with you is amazing—I'm not good with words, as you know, so let me show you how much you mean to me with a video. I WOULD ONLY DO THIS FOR YOU!' Underneath that he wrote: 'Check your computer and enjoy'

Sam was always giving me little surprises so I didn't really anticipate what I was about to see. He was so spontaneous there was really no way to guess what he had done.

To my absolute delight he showed me how much he cared about me, he showed me to what lengths he was willing to go to please me and I fell in love with him a thousand more times in the few minutes it took to watch that video.

Here's how the video went:

Kate stood by a lake near our house, she was staring out as if she were about to take a swim. Then the camera pulled back to reveal Sam and Tom sneaking up behind a bush.

"Is that her?" Tom asked.

"Yeah, Man, wait until you see her body—she is so hot! Sometimes she comes here with her girlfriend and they have sex right over there!" Sam said to Tom.

The two of them watch in anticipation as Kate takes her sweater off revealing a very tight T-shirt.

"Here it comes!" Sam says eagerly. 

Then Kate stopped and turned around to face them.

"You can come out now. I know you're there." She said as Tom and Sam realized they had been caught. The two boys stood up and walked over to her. She looked at them like a spider would look at a couple flies.

"Hello, boys. What brings you out here?"

"Oh we were just thinking maybe you were about to go for a swim!" Sam said to her in a sheepish way.

"Oh, you would like that wouldn't you? You've been enjoying watching me undress while you yanked on your little wiener watching me do a backstroke?" She said. I was surprised at what a believable acting job they did with this pretty terrible and obviously improvised dialogue. 

"Yeah, I guess, I mean . . ." Sam said.

"Oh so you like looking at naked girls?" Kate said tugging at her shirt.

"Yeah, I do. I really like looking at girls bodies a lot!" Sam said practically winking at the camera.

"And I bet you really liked it when I brought my girlfriend here the other day, huh? I bet you loved watching us together didn't you?" Kate said very seductively. "Do you like watching two girls have sex?"

"Yes." Sam said playing like an innocent little boy.

"Well you know what I like?" Kate asked seductively.

"What?" he said almost drooling.

"I like watching boys!" She said and suddenly my heart raced and my stomach dropped out. A million tingles spread throughout my entire body.

I suddenly realized where this story was headed! 

"My God!" I thought. "Did he actually do it?"

"You see . . ." Kate continued, "I'm sure you spent years of your life watching women having passionate sex together, and loving every minute of it. Seeing two girls explore each other's bodies has brought you so much pleasure, so much excitement . . . well today it's time you to give something back!" She said.

I could feel my body heating up.

"It's time you, Sam, showed us what we want to see." with that Kate waved her hand as if she were using the force as Sam and Tom both became hypnotized.

"You see boys, women like watching men too. We like to see you suck on each other and play with each other's dangling balls!" Kate was really pouring it on and I was routing for her!

She waved her hand again and both the guy's shirts ripped away and disappeared.

"See how much better you both look with your shirts off? What guys don't understand is that women enjoy the equality of two guys enjoying each other. And now, finally, YOU, Sam Drake, are going to perform for us!" 

My tingling sweat spread across my forehead.

"Now face each other." She commanded and they complied.

Kate walked up to Sam and put her lips very close to his ear.

"Look at him. Look at his body. We want to see you touch his body." she said as Sam's eyes explored Tom's bare torso.

Kate waved her finger and Tom's belt undid itself. Then the button of his jeans popped open and his zipper pulled itself down. Tom's jeans pealed open and exposed his bulging boxer briefs.

At this point I suddenly realized Tom's boyfriend Jim must have been operating the camera since Sam, Tom, and Kate were all in the shot together. This got me hotter realizing that Jim probably had the same fantasy I had, considering he was about to let his own boyfriend deflower our sexy young straight boy Sam! Jim has said how much he loved our previous videos and we all kind of had an understanding that what happened in the videos was pure fantasy and didn't really "count" as sex so pretty much anything goes!

Anyway, onscreen Tom's jeans and underwear began to pull down and finally they revealed his amazing tight bare ass! Kate's mouth fell open showing how much she enjoyed the view and I saw Sam's eyes also looking down Tom's front. 

Another close up of Sam and Kate as she faced him, her lips were almost touching his as she spoke.

"Look at that beautiful hard penis! I bet that tastes so good."

My heart was about to explode out of my chest!

"We want you to know what it tastes like" She said.

Sam's eyes never left Tom's lower region. Sam shook his head yes!

I flushed!

"Just look at his wonderful bare body," Kate said as the camera finally showed Tom from the front completely! He has a fabulous body! The camera pushed into a close up of Tom's face.

"Just look at those pouty lips," Kate added.

The camera showed Tom's lips close up.

"We want to watch you kiss those lips." Kate told Sam.

"Yes." Sam said in mock hypnosis.

The camera dropped down to Tom's chest.

"And look at that smooth strong chest, I bet you'd like to run your fingers through that chest hair, wouldn't you?"

"Yes." Sam answered. This kind of made me laugh because Tom had even less chest hair than Sam had, but I still enjoyed the spirit of the scene.

The camera dropped even further to the thin line of hair going from Tom's belly button on down.

"And look at those tight abs and little happy trail, I bet you would like to lick that, wouldn't you?" She asked.

"Yes!" Sam said.

"Then do it—do it now!" Kate told him as she led Sam over to Tom. "Enjoy yourself being objectified while you pleasure this gorgeous naked man, because we all want to see you suck his BIG . . . HARD . . . COCK!" Kate said emphasizing each word with sheer delight.

I was dying! My body was on fire watching this with such anticipation. Sam really knew how to prolong the suspense and I loved every second of it!

Sam and Tom were face to face now. Kate was also standing with her face right by theirs. She whispered in Sam's ear.

"Tell him what you are going to do to him."

Sam looked at Tom and put his finger under Tom's chin forcing eye contact between the two of them.

"I want to kiss you, Tom." Sam said in the most slow and seductive way possible. "I want to enter your mouth and taste you. I want to lick your nipples and taste your skin on my tongue." Sam said as my panties soaked with desire.

Sam moved in even closer to him so his lips were brushing against Tom's as he spoke.

"I want to rub my fingers across your abs and tickle your balls with them! And then I want to open my mouth and put your BIG . . . HARD . . . COCK in it! And I want to taste your cum on my lips. I want to feel the warmth of your penis inside my mouth as I taste your hardness." Sam said in the most sensual way I have ever heard him speak. 

Of course, I knew he was saying all of this for my benefit and that made it even sexier.

Kate put her hands on the backs of their heads and gently pushed them together. The boys opened their mouths and their tongues met as their lips sealed over them.

Tom stood with his arms at his sides as Sam's hand explored his body. He tweaked Tom's nipples and rubbed his hands all over Tom's rock hard abs before embracing him fully. The two of them stood there with their bodies fully pressed against one another as their tongues intertwined inside each other's mouths. When Sam pulled back from Tom there was a close up of Sam's jeans with an obvious bulge of his own and a dark wet spot of Tom's pre-cum soaking into Sam's jeans. As they separated a thin line of sperm dangled between Sam's jeans and Tom's erect penis!

I was actually feeling lightheaded watching this!

The two boys stared into each other's eyes as Kate slid her fingers under Sam's chin, then up his cheek, then finally to the top of his head as she softly pushed forcing him down. He broke his stare with Tom and looked at Tom's bare torso. Sam licked Tom's nipples and held his hand under his hot pecs like a baby trying to get milk! Then Kate gently forced his head down ever more as Sam's tongue glided down Tom's chest and across his belly. Sam kissed Tom's belly button and I couldn't take it anymore—the suspense was killing me! My mind was racing wondering if he would really go all the way or if this was just an unthinkable tease.

Kate continued to ease Sam down until his knees hit the ground and his hands landed on Tom's bare thighs for balance. Sam was now in position and facing Tom's gorgeous, naked erection!

This was the moment I had been waiting for. Sam was only inches from Tom's smooth throbbing shaft! Kate knelt down next to them and whispered some more.
