 ***Warning*** This story contains content of a homosexual interracial nature about my first but not last time with a man. Particularly a black man, and while the rumors are mostly true, this is not one of those times. If homosexual and/or interracial content offends you, please feel free to back out now and search for other stories that suit your fancy. If this is something you might want to read, enjoy! 

This is my first story so please be gentle with the criticism.

*****

I had just recently turned 18. It didn't feel any different. I didn't feel any wiser. No stronger, or any better for that matter. If anything I felt worse. I had just recently been dumped by my girlfriend of 8 months, Allison. She was a great girl, probably too good for me, but that is what it is. I couldn't see what she wouldn't want about me. I mean, I wasn't anything special. I was a little less than average height for kids my age being about 5'6" and weighing only 120 pounds soaking wet. I took pretty good care of myself though and being active kept me very slim and defined. I was definitely proud of my body and always liked an opportunity to show off my six pack and V-lines. In my eyes though aside from my body I was just your average brown hair and brown eyed school kid. 

In my unhappiness, I had decided that I was going to try to find something to do to take my mind off of things. My typical thing was to go for a drive. Living in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex there were many places for me to go, miles of highway stretching in all directions just ready for me to mash the pedal and leave my thoughts out on the pavement. It was during this drive I crossed into the Dallas city limits. Dallas doesn't have the restrictions the rest of the metroplex did. There were many more adult establishments, from regular bars, clubs, and gentlemen's clubs to swingers clubs and sex toy shops. Well, as I was cruising along with my music blaring and the wind ripping through my car absorbing all that was to be seen, a plain black and yellow sign caught my eye. It was simple and read "Adult New Releases." I made a quick reflexive decision to myself deciding, "fuck it, I'm 18 now, I can go buy porn if I want to."

I slowed and took the next exit, doubling back on the highway underpass bringing me back to the exit just before the store, I pulled around and began to drive back towards the end of the building. I don't know what I really thought the inside of a porn store would look like, but I was pretty surprised by the amount of videos and other miscellaneous merchandise lining the walls. There had to have been thousands of DVDs in there and a good hundred toys lining an entire wall. The security guard leaning against the counter chatting with the clerk looked at me, paused, and went back to his conversation. I was a little annoyed by not being ID'd as I felt like it was still something I wanted to show off about. But that was neither here nor there.

As I started walking down the aisle I began to really notice how big the audience for porn was. Big titty blondes, MILFs, interracial, gay, lesbian, transgender. The list went on. Now, growing up as a teen in the age of technology I was no stranger to porn. I had a few nights that were absorbed in cruising the internet finding all sorts of sordid things that were new and exciting. I browsed through the racks picking out a few that drew my attention and weren't too pricey. Just a few of the cheaper ones. I had to still be able to hide them from my parents after all so I couldn't go too crazy. Just as I was nearing the end of my search a man approached me, he was only a little taller than me. Much older, probably in his late thirties, kind of overweight, and black. He was wearing jeans and a black t-shirt, much like the other staff members. He asked if I found anything I was interested in and I answered that I had. He eyed my small stack of chosen DVDs, two normal DVDs, one of interracial, and one of shemales. 

"Your first time here?" He asked after looking back up to me. 

"Yes." I admitted. 

"Have you checked out the arcade in the back?" 

I didn't know what he was talking about, I assumed he meant like a gaming arcade and was very confused. "No I didn't know there was an arcade." 

He looked over at the counter. "Well, you can leave your videos on the side of the counter, no one will take em or put em back, c'mon I'll show you the arcade." Still going through the thought of why a porn store would have an arcade in the back I went along with the man and placed my videos on the counter before passing between the security detection system and then through a glass double door after him.

I entered the darkened room behind him and began to let my eyes adjust to the dim light. A display stand was on a wall ahead of me showing more videos with numbers under each case. I followed the man down a hallway lined with open doors. Peering into one I noticed the room was pretty plain, black tile floors, black walls, and a black leather couch. On the opposite side of the room stood a TV built into a display station. The TV was showing an advertisement with some woman licking her lips very sensually. I then noticed a blinking light next to the couch. "Go ahead on in and I'll show you how it works." I jumped slightly as I forgot the man was standing next to me almost. I made my way into the room and he walked in behind me and closed the door. Aside from the light emitting from the TV the room was pitch black, and when the screen dimmed between ads I couldn't see a thing. The man came around from behind me and as he made his way to the couch he turned towards me, "I'm Chris by the way." He offered me his hand. 

"Kyle." I shook his hand and continued to see if there was anything else in the room I could see. "Here have a seat." He offered me a spot on the couch away from the blinking green light. I could now tell it was a bill feeder and it all clicked. This was a room where you paid to watch porn, alright, kinda cool I guess. Chris sat down beside me on the other end of the couch and reached for his wallet and fed a few bills into the machine. Almost immediately the sounds of sexual excitement began to flood my ears as a woman moaning loudly while being fucked hard snapped onto the screen. Both of us jumped as Chris began to turn down the volume on the control pad above the bill feeder. He then proceeded to flip through channels before settling on one of a young white blonde girl straddling a large black cock.

"Basically you just come back here if you don't want to buy a movie and you take care of whatever you wanna take care of then you can go on your way." Again, kinda cool I suppose. We watched silently for a little as the young blonde began bouncing harder up and down the massive black cock. Seems the rumors are always true as they say about blacks, they're always hung like hell. I noticed out of the corner of my eye the man's hand moving around his crotch. I tried not to make it obvious that I noticed. I began to wonder what his cock looked like. I tried to glance over and see if he was going to pull out his hard cock. He noticed. "Have you ever been with a guy?" Unable to find words I only shook my head no. I suppose he took me looking over at him as a sign to continue.

He began to unzip his jeans and shoved his hand into his underwear. I found my heart racing, I was about to see my very first big black cock in person! He began to retrieve his hand from his underwear and slide them down at the same time. My eyes found it, but to much confusion. It was very hard, dark, and veiny. But it was far from "big" he beckoned me closer with his free hand and I started to slide over, still very confused with what I was seeing. "Go ahead, you can touch it." I wanted to, I was very confused by what was happening. My heart was still racing though as I reached out and wrapped my fingers around his dark, throbbing cock. It was extremely hot, as I expected and I have to admit, it was hard as a rock. Instinctively my hand began to stroke it and the man sighed. I kept looking at it and then looking around the room, then at the TV, then back to my hand.

This continued for some time as the mans hips began to thrust along with my hand. After looking back at the TV again I felt his hand start to slide up my back and it rested just behind my neck. I felt him begin to pull me towards him and at first I resisted but then I just gave in. To this day I still don't know why I bothered. I was just barely 18 at this point in my life and I could take his entire cock in my mouth without gagging. I began sucking gently as I didn't know what to really do. He began to thrust his hips upward while pulling my head down, fucking my mouth. His breathing got heavier and he began to slow for a second. He shifted his weight and let me pull away. He stood up and moved back around in front of me stroking his cock. I didn't take my eyes off of it the entire time. I watched his cock move closer to my mouth again and instinctively opened for him to enter. The familiar salty taste returned as his cock touched my tongue. I closed my lips around it as he began to fuck my mouth yet again. 

This did not last very long though. His breathing grew harder and more rapid as his pace slowly increased. His thrusts did grow longer though it did not matter much as his short cock did not get close to choking me the entire time. I began to feel his cock twitch and swell as he released his load of cum into my mouth. I was surprised by it as I had received no warning. As I pulled away the man grabbed my head and pulled it hard back onto his cock. I felt the hew jets of his salty sperm being pumped into my mouth as the mans fucking of my face slowed and halted. He released my head and stepped back away from me. I sat the almost as if in shock about the entire event until the man handed me a napkin. I looked over and saw the small trash bin next to me and spit out his sperm into it before wiping my face as best I could. He began to tuck himself away as I stood up. Paying him no mind I began to make my way to the door. I had no desire to remain in that room with him.

I exited the room and the back hallway to find myself back in the bright light of the main store. Without even so much as approaching to counter to retrieve my stack of movies I walked past the front counter exiting the store into the night. As I walked away from the building towards my car I promised myself I would never come back to this place. I was unsure though if I actually would.