 Dim light filtered through the nylon walls of the tent as the first rays of sun began to spread across the lake. A cool breeze blew off the lake bringing with it the smell of cedar from the rustling trees all around. Camping with friends was just what Seth had needed, but more than that he just needed to be outside. It was his first year of college and he definitely needed some time away from the books. Though he was an "A" student, he wasn't quite ready for the workload. As a home-schooled student, he also had found himself woefully under-prepared for the social stimulation of college. Balancing his work life, his social life, and his school life was a challenge, but he was a quick learner.

He slowly started waking up with the sun. The cool breeze caressing his skin was both relaxing and invigorating. Since he had turned eleven whenever he was in a private enough setting he would sleep nude. Whether it was in his bedroom or out under the stars, Seth prided himself on being a true Texan, connected to nature. That first night in the summer he hit puberty, he had unrolled a sleeping pad under a tree next to the crick on his family ranch and found a joy in being nude in nature. 

Seth was just eighteen, and he was a classic teen-aged Texan guy. He didn't work out, but he was very active, and he had an unstoppable metabolism. He was lean but not slender. His muscles were a little under-defined but he was by no means scrawny. His short cropped hair accentuated his square jawline. He had a smile that could stretch ear-to-ear and the eyes of a curious soul. When he smiled his dimpled cheeks could wipe away even the foulest mood of the observer. He did not have a tan-line, but he wasn't very tan, if anything his skin was just a little redder than peach. He had a well-defined chest with a dark but thin patch of brown hair running down between his pecs. His nipples were small and always hard with a light tan areola surrounding each. He was proud of his abs, each muscle clearly defined because of the lack of an ounce of fat on his body. A thicker trail of brown hair led down to his neatly trimmed bush.

Perhaps the reason he was never ashamed to risk being caught naked was the size of the manhood surrounded by his pubic hair. When erect Seth was just under ten inches in length. He was circumcised with a plump smooth head. His thick erection was not obscenely veiny, but just enough to add the perfect amount of ribbed texture to his length. Falling between his thighs were his low hanging balls. The right fell just a little further than the left and was just a little bigger too. His thighs were lightly dusted in brown hair that became blonder further down his legs. His legs were those of a runner. Seth's strongly developed calves with defined but not massive thighs were sexy by any standard. His feet were perfectly smooth and blemish free, this despite the fact that he only ever wore socks and shoes for formal occasions. 

Seth slowly ran his hands over his chest. His fingertips gently moved across his smooth skin. He traced a circle around each of his nipples before squeezing them lightly between his thumb and forefinger. That twitch of sexual electricity awakened the rest of his body. His cock began to grow. As he got harder it lifted away from his body before its growing length caused it to fall backward onto his stomach. Seth opened his eyes as he continued to play with his nipples. He stared down the smooth curves of his lean body watching his cock grow larger with every second. He watched it grow harder and longer, inching its way up his stomach. He watched his growing member as it became more and more sensitive to the caress of the wind and the pleasure being elicited from his nipples. 

Being home-schooled and raised in a conservative Christian household, Seth was a virgin. He had never kissed another person, never felt another person exploring his body. He had never explored the body of another. He was a good boy, he knew marriage would make the reward all the better. Despite his virginal promise Seth had become quite familiar with his own body. While his left hand continued to work at his nipples, back and forth between them, his right hand traced a meandering path across his abs on its way down to his hard erection. He imagined the light touch of his fingers to be another person enjoying his hard youthful body. 

When Seth's fingers reached his prize he ran the top of his fingers along the left side of his firm shaft. He teased his pulsing flesh. At last, when his fingers had traveled the whole length of his erection, he wrapped them around the firm hot flesh of his manhood. After a few gentle tugs he began producing a copious amount of precum, he didn't ever need lube. Soon after coating his hand in precum he began to stroke himself with that break-neck desire to cum. Those seconds of gratifying explosive pleasure that define a young man's youth were his sole purpose. He was engrossed in the pleasure, naked and on the verge of pure bliss. The slick sounds of his precum lubricated hand filled the interior of his tent, punctuated with his short exasperated breaths. 

He stopped; releasing himself just seconds before he was going to cum. Seth threw his hands down at his sides. He could feel the precum running down the length of his engorged flesh. The building orgasm lessened, the wave of pleasure broke, and he started to come down. After a long minute of waiting he reached between his legs with both hands. With his right hand he caressed his taint; with his left he massaged his balls. His thick, hard erection did not soften. As he played with himself, engrossed in his self-pleasure, he watched the precum begin to flow again. He could no longer resist. He wrapped his right hand back around his pulsing meat and slowly worked his left index finger to his hole. He pressed against it. He didn't go inside but applied a gentle pressure that added so much more to the pleasure. 

With deep, slow breaths he slowly slid his hand up and down his shaft. Each stroke was timed with pressure on his virgin opening. Despite the cool morning breeze he was sweating. The sweet smell of sexual excitement filled the tent along with the steamy humidity added by his full-body involvement in self-love. He purposefully held back to draw out every bit of pleasure. He slowed his stroking when his heart rate rose or he felt the electric tingle of a building climax. He was twenty minutes in and edging himself along intense pleasure. An occasional soft moan would escape Seth's lips. His chest and face were red, flushed with glow of a young man on the verge of cumming. 

He heard the zipper too late. He opened his eyes to see a person leap into the tent and zipper the entry behind them.