 Travis awoke and could feel Ty's hot breath on his neck. Ty was still sleeping. The sun hadn't risen yet. The lake breeze rustled the fabric of the tent and the sound of crickets was slowly quieting with the approach of dawn. Ty's left arm was under Travis' head, Travis rested his head between Ty's strong biceps and his forearm. The warm feel of Ty's arm against his cheek was amazing to wake up to. Ty's right arm was wrapped over Travis' right arm and his hand was spread open across Travis's smooth firm chest. Travis held Ty's hand to his chest with both of his own. They had only been asleep for a few hours. The night before had been a marathon.

The two young men lay together, naked, and spooning. They were fit college seniors, starters on the football team, at their physical and sexual peaks. They never failed to find a reason to share a tent on camping trips. There was always an excuse. Ty lost his tent, or Travis broke his on a hunting trip. Brenton and Bradley knew their secret, but others did not. Campouts used to be their only chance to embrace each other, however now they were in the third year of their romance. It was a romance that had started because of an alcohol fueled threesome with Brenton two years before. Travis and Ty had broken up with their girlfriends over two years ago. The break-ups coincided with them becoming roommates in the football dorms, only a few members of the team knew that they only used one of the beds in their room. 

Travis let his senses do all the work and enjoyed the embrace with his lover. He could feel the heat coming from Ty's tight upper body where it pressed into his own toned back. His left leg was held firmly between both of Ty's legs. Ty's manhood was a point of intense heat where it was lodged up against Travis' left butt cheek. Ty's neatly trimmed pubic hair lightly tickled Travis' butt. Travis' genitals rested against the top of Ty's hairy, masculine right thigh. Ty kept his chest hair shaven for Travis and Travis shaved all of his body hair away for Ty. Ty liked him smooth to the touch. He loved the soft feel of Travis' skin as a contrast to firm muscularity of his man. Travis spent a good deal of their intimate foreplay licking Ty's chest and sucking on his nipples, so that was the only shaving he required. Ty's hairy bush, arm pits, and legs made the experience better for Travis. Travis had fully embraced his desires and knowing a manly stud like Ty would give up women for him was always arousing. Travis' pale white skin nearly glowed next to the deep tan of his friend and lover as they pressed together. 

Travis gently kissed, then licked, and then kissed Ty's forearm again. In Ty's arms he was waking up in more ways than one. Travis closed his eyes, savored the feel of Ty against him, and went back through his memories of their first time together. Travis' erection pointed straight out from his hairless body, a seven-inch tribute to the passion he held for the lover behind him. 

* * * * * * * * * * *

Travis, Ty, and Brenton had come back to the campgrounds after swimming until sunset in the deep lake. Their tents were far away from most of the other campers at the furthest reaches of the official campground. They would only be sleeping there. For their extracurricular activities they had found an old group site with a massive fire pit, about a hundred yards into the forest in a small clearing. They got a camp fire started and pulled out a cooler of beer that they had smuggled into the park, where it was illegal to drink alcoholic beverages. Since they were all only nineteen it would have been illegal anyway, but that didn't stop them. Tucked away in the primitive group site the three young men figured they would be safe from rangers and passersby, so they could openly enjoy their illegal beverages. The drinks were drained at a speed only possible due to their young metabolisms, but they were getting drunk, very drunk. Sitting next to each other on a large rock by the fire, Brenton started bragging about his sexual adventures with his girlfriend. The guys all began to share their own stories. In only their swim trunks they bragged about how their bodies made their girls feel. The details were graphic, they were feeding off each other, craving to learn more about the sex they had each experienced. After about an hour of the trio detailing their sexual exploits, a conversation dominated by Brenton and Ty, Brenton stood up with purpose and made an announcement. 

"Bros, these stories have got me rock hard! I have never jerked off outdoors so, if you men don't mind, let's keep the stories going and I'm gonna take care of my manly needs." 

Without delay, not even waiting for a response, Brenton stripped off his swim trunks and sat back down, naked, on the rock between Travis and Ty. Both Travis and Ty had stalled in their discussion, in their drunken state they both were shocked and waiting to see if Brenton was really going to do it. Ty looked away when Brenton's hand wrapped around his hard shaft. 

"Shit Brenton! I didn't think you'd do it." 

Ty laughed and resumed his story. Travis didn't say a word, he was shocked to see how nonchalantly Brenton was pleasuring himself in front of them. On the football team he had seen many naked men, he'd even seen men with erections. But never had he been hanging around with guys and seen a naked man pleasure himself. Brenton caught Travis's eyes and raised his eyebrows, he gave Travis a smirk. Brenton leaned over toward Travis while Ty continued to tell his story. With a finger he motioned for Travis to lean in. His hand slowly worked his erection as Travis leaned in and he whispered to Travis.

"Come on bro, you know your hard, just strip and get off, no one's gonna judge."

Travis was doing everything he could to avoid looking at Brenton's hard cock. He could hear the rubbing of Brenton's flesh; the sound and sight was both obscene and intriguing. Travis' own manhood was solid as a rock and straining for release. Brenton saw Travis' bulge and quickly reached between Travis' legs and grabbed hold of his cock through the damp swim trunks. 

"Bro, you are so hard, just take it out." 

Brenton kneaded Travis's rod longer than a friendly playful act should be. He could feel Travis get harder in his hand. After a minute of complete silence, he pulled his hand back and looked over at Ty who had stopped talking to look at Brenton grabbing Travis. 

"Fuck guys! Don't leave me hanging here. We're all friends, get naked and jerk off with me." 

Brenton almost sounded angry that his friends weren't jerking off with him. Travis looked at Ty. He knew Ty would never do anything that personal with other men around. 

"If Ty does, I will too." 

Ty smiled, stood, slid his swim trunks off and tossed them at Travis. The smile on his face, the strong jawline of a Texas ranch boy was perfectly frame by his shoulder-length wavy brown hair. He would be a dead ringer for a surfer if he hadn't grown up in North Texas. His lean and well-developed build was perfectly tanned. Just a little bit of hair was on his chest, he had a full bush and a massive and thick eleven-inch circumcised erection. His balls hung down low, they were weighty and full. Ty's legs flexed as he adjusted a little and sat back down on the rock. He spit in both his hands and began double pumping himself before tossing the challenge right back to Travis. 

"I never jerked off in front of other guys, why the fuck not? Your turn Trav!"

Travis' plan had failed, but he was no prude, so he reluctantly joined them. He stood up and hesitated. Brenton wasn't having any of that, so he reached over and pulled down Travis' swim shorts. Travis' boner slapped his stomach as it sprang free. His hairless balls, he kept clean shaved just in case he was going to get laid, tumbled out against his bare thigh. Travis sat down again, next to Brenton his fair skin a stark contrast to both Ty and Brenton's deep tans. He slowly began to fumble with his cock. 

All three young men sat next to each other. No one spoke, they just slowly stroked their cocks and gawked at each other. Only inches separated each of the young men on the long rock in front of the fire. Ty and Brenton were rock hard, deeply focused on their self-pleasure. Travis was distracted. He couldn't focus on anything but the fact that he was naked and jerking his cock in front of his friends. 

"Bro, it's all right. Let me help." 

Brenton wrapped his left hand around Travis' erection. Travis froze at his touch but as Brenton started rubbing him he started to relax. Brenton gave him so much pleasure as he worked his shaft, that Travis' awkwardness faded, and he slowly started rolling his hips toward Brenton's magic hand. Brenton's fingers were slick with Brenton's own precum. Thinking about that fact made Travis even harder. 

"You got a really nice dick Trav. It feels so good in my hand." 

Ty's mouth dropped open as he watched Brenton work Travis' shaft with slow, sensual strokes. His own hands stroked his cock faster as the intensity of the scene took over. Travis couldn't deny it felt good. His thighs separated to allow Brenton easier access. Travis muttered in reply.

"It feels good to me too."

Ty slid next to Brenton, thigh to thigh. If Brenton was willing to jerk off Travis, maybe he could get some play too. He'd never thought about a man jacking him, but he didn't see why it wouldn't be better than pleasuring himself.

"Damn Brenton, you think I could get some help over here?" 

Brenton grabbed to Ty's eleven inches. Ty's hard was obscenely large. Brenton had never seen one that large. Travis had seen Ty's cock in the locker room but seeing it so hard and in the hand of his friend while the same friend was working him was a whole new experience.

"I've got two hands, but then someone has to help me out." 

Brenton talked dirty to them, complimenting their manhood as he jacked them both off. Ty looked over at Travis. Travis looked back at Ty. Both guys were paralyzed with the sensations Brenton was creating. 

"You gonna help him out Trav?" 

Ty really didn't want to jerk another guy off. Travis was now struggling to keep his eyes open as Brenton stroked him. He tried to respond, but he only managed sharp breaths and a guttural groan. Rather than wait for an answer, Ty decided he could pay the price for the both of them. Besides, looking at Travis, Ty knew he would be willing to do much more with a man, with Travis, than he had ever imagined before.

He took Brenton into his own hand and felt the warm smooth flesh of another man's erection for the first time in his life. Based on how good Brenton was making him feel, he suspected this was not Brenton's first time jerking off a friend. Ty struggled for a few minutes to get a rhythm, but the awkward angle with his non-dominant hand and the fact that he could not take his eyes off Travis' smooth athletic body was keeping him from doing anywhere near the job Brenton was doing for the two of them. 

"I'm sorry I'm not better at this for you Brenton." 

Ty continued working Brenton while Brenton was taking him to new heights of pleasure. Brenton looked at Ty with a smile. 

"You're doing just fine. Look at how hard I am." 

They resumed their mutual masturbation for a minute more. Brenton paused still holding the cocks of his best friends in a firm grip. 

"You know, there is an easier way for all three of us to get pleasure at the same time."

He let go of his friends' dicks and stood up. 

"Slide over, sit tight next to each other. Leg-to-leg, cheek-to-cheek." 

Ty and Travis moved together, their sides touching, flesh-to-flesh with each other. Both men stayed hard, Ty was pretty sure he felt himself get a little harder. 

"Put your arms over each other's shoulders." 

Ty wrapped his left arm behind Travis and rested his hand on Travis' firm and smooth shoulder. Travis did the same with his right arm. Ty had never felt skin so smooth and that contrast with the firm, muscular shoulder of his friend was incredibly stimulating. Ty slowly moved his fingers over his friend's skin, exploring this new sensation. He was keenly aware Travis was doing the same, only Travis was more obvious about his exploration and staring at Ty while he explored his shoulder, upper back and arm. Travis was feeling so excited just touching another man. Any trepidation he may have had was long gone. 

Brenton knelt in front of his two friends, watching them watch each other. Travis was brazenly touching his teammate in much more than a friendly way. The two athletes were locked in a gaze. Ty moved his hand from Travis' shoulder to his chest. With his index and middle fingers he started to play with Travis' nipple. Travis did the same to Ty. They didn't even notice when Brenton grabbed their raging hard-ons and resumed pleasuring them. Both Ty and Travis reached across with their other arms and began exploring each other's ripped upper bodies. They had never thought all that work they did in the gym would give each other such delights. Their faces were just inches away from each other. They breathed heavily. Ty ran the back of his hand up the side of Travis' neck and ran a finger along his chin, he traced Travis' chiseled jawline. His friend was incredibly sexy, he had never noticed that before. The realization of his sexual attraction to Travis and the recognition that Travis was equally enthralled with his body brought him back to reality just long enough to think about Brenton.

"Wait. How does you jerking both of us off, kneeling in front of us, help you get off?" While Ty looked at Brenton and asked the question he felt Travis's tongue on his chest. He didn't care what Brenton said, but he waited for an answer as Travis' lips found his nipple. Ty's head rolled back as he closed his eyes.

Brenton smiled. He continued jerking off Ty and wrapped his other hand around his own dick. Travis' dick remained a rod standing against gravity even though Brenton's hand was no longer there. 

"I have two hands." 

Ty, barely able to focus on anything but the pleasure of Travis' tongue and lips as they explored the way up toward his neck, managed to gasp out another question.

"What about...Travis?"

Brenton's smile got bigger and his eyes sparkled.

"I have a mouth."

Travis moaned into Ty's neck as Brenton wrapped his lips around his erection. Ty watched in awe as Brenton swallowed Travis' cock down to his balls. Travis moaned again as he began kissing Ty's neck. He paused his kisses for a second.

"You're incredible Ty. I could touch you and taste you forever." 

Travis turned Ty's head to his own face, from staring at Brenton's blow job. Travis' lips met Ty's lips. It was Ty whose tongue worked its way deep into Travis' receptive mouth. Ty's hands groped across Travis' smooth, tight body as he and Travis kissed deeply for the first time. Travis gently took Brenton's hand away from Ty's erection and replaced it with his own. He had never felt anything so hot and big in his hand. Brenton focused on sucking Travis while the two athletes made out with another man for the first time in their lives. 

"Oh fuck!" 

The words sprang from Travis' mouth. Ty's mouth trailed down his neck. Travis' face flushed and his eyes fluttered. In a gasp of relief his body convulsed. Brenton groaned with pleasure as Travis filled his waiting mouth with a hot load. So much cum was forced in that squirts of cum spurted from the pinched corners of Brenton's lips. He swallowed the cum. Ty was amazed.

"God damn Brenton, that's fucking hot! You're swallowing his cum. You made him cum!" 

Brenton smiled up at Ty. Travis' eyes didn't open, he was still lost in the orgasm. Ty couldn't believe it, but he was jealous of Brenton. Brenton had just taken his best friend's guy-on-guy virginity. Something inside of him wished he could have been the one to swallow that load. Brenton looked at Ty deliberately and slowly licked the cum from his lips. Ty wished he could taste Travis' cum.

"Your turn to cum Ty. Here, Travis, lay back on the rock. Ty, stand off to the side." 

Brenton moved so that he was in between Travis' legs. He hoisted the pale muscular legs up so that they rested on his shoulders. His erection was bulging obscenely close to Travis' ass. 

"Hold on. Let me get in, then I'll suck you off." 

Travis looked up a Ty and Ty looked back at him. Before Travis could ask what Brenton meant. He saw lustful desperation flash across Ty's eyes as he felt Brenton force his hard cock inside of him. Ty's hand worked even faster as he looked on, he was clearly turned on seeing Travis impaled by Brenton. Ty leaned over to Travis and kissed him. He whispered into Travis' ear about how hot it made him to see him taking that cock. Then he stood up, straddled Travis, and pointed his cock at Brenton's waiting mouth. 

Brenton settled into a rhythm. Travis could only groan and moan. All he saw was Ty's tight ass and strong back, and his muscular arms guiding what he assumed was Brenton's head up and down his long hard shaft. Brenton was taking it slow, pushing himself deep into Travis' virgin hole. Once completely penetrated Brenton would hold, allowing Travis to get the full feel of his hard manhood inside of him. Travis just moaned and panted all the while staring at Ty's sculpted body. 

Ty had lost all his inhibitions now. 

"Yeah, yeah. Suck my dick Brenton. Swallow my cock!" 

Travis reached up to explore Ty's ass with his hands. 

"Fuck yeah! Travis, feel my ass! Yeah Brenton, fuck him harder! Do you like his cock inside you Travis?"

Travis moved one hand down to his own cock. He was getting hard again. Feeling Ty's firm butt against his exploring hand was driving wild.

"Fuck yeah Ty, it feels so amazing."

Ty looked down watching Brenton's lips caress the end of his shaft while one hand was wrapped around its base. When Brenton backed off the dick and licked Ty's cock head he could see Brenton's erection plunging in and out of Travis' pale perfect ass. The eroticism of the scene had made Ty very verbal.

"Your ass looks so hot getting fucked Travis. I want your ass so bad, but Brenton needs my cum bad. He looks like such a slut with my big dick in his mouth. You want my cum, now don't you?"

Brenton pulled off the cock only long enough to shout in reply.

"I want your cum!"

Travis saw and felt Ty's butt cheeks clench as his hips started to buck more violently toward Brenton's mouth. He was so jealous of Brenton. Travis wished he was the one about to receive Ty's gift. 

"I want your cum too Ty!" 

"You'll get it too Trav, all you want, but I'm cumming now and Brenton has earned my cum! You can have as much of my cum as you want Trav, I promise! Ahhhgghhhh!"

Ty's groan was loud and forceful. It was a deep, guttural groan; one of total release. He counted, in his head, each pulse of his orgasm as cum dribbled from Brenton's lips. Brenton slurped to try and swallow as much of Ty's cream as he could. Travis' mind was racing hearing the sounds of Brenton enjoying Ty's load. Even though he had cum only a few minutes earlier Travis was hard as a rock again. His heavy, hard manhood bounced against his stomach with each of Brenton's now forceful and fast-paced insertions. Travis heard Brenton begin to groan loudly even with his mouth full of Ty's cock and cum. The pace of the fucking sped up causing Travis to moan in time with Brenton's motions. In an instant Brenton forced himself as deep into Travis as he could.

"Oh Fuck!" 

Brenton screamed as Ty's dick flopped out of his cum slicked mouth. Brenton's whole body shook as the orgasm rocked him. Ty grabbed his own softening dick and watched as Brenton filled Travis's hole with his huge load. Travis groaned and moaned as Brenton gasped. Nine blasts of cum had coated Travis' insides. The pain and pleasure prevented Travis from feeling each blast, but he nearly came again knowing that Brenton had bred him so completely. 
