 Prologue

Many of you reading this may not be familiar with an organisation called The International Federation of Naked Bodybuilders or IFNB for short. Well as this story concerns men who are associated with the IFNB, might I suggest that you familiarise yourself with the activities of this, I suspect, fictive organisation, by logging-on to its blog? The address is ifnb.blogspot.com on the Internet. This is essentially a pictorial blog, in which some imaginative and as far as I can judge, horny editors, post photos of young men with huge muscles and unimaginably large cocks -- all morphed of course -- but nevertheless quite amazing. 

None of what you see there is true: it is all pure fantasy. However, the extraordinary thing about this blog is that even though everyone knows it is pure fantasy, so much of what one sees might just be real. And fans comment on the photos as if they are dealing with real people and there are detailed, often heated, discussions by the fans, about individual guys, as if the men figuring in the blog actually existed. And it is this blog, with its extraordinary guys with their morphed physiques, which form the basis for this, my latest fantasy. 

Briefly, the men who figure on the IFNB Muscle-Cock blog are known as Naked Bodybuilders or NBs for short. They are assisted in their quest for physical and sexual perfection by whole group of often-downtrodden, young men, referred to as Naked Bodybuilder Assistants or NBAs for short. The NBAs lend their bodies to the NBs to use as they wish in their quest to become the ultimate dominant male: Mr. Alpha. In the blog itself, we rarely see any of these support staff. But this story is about one of these NBAs, Russell Scott, and his relationship to a Naked Bodybuilder, Aldo Caballo and his general factotum, a young, gay stud called Mark Simpson.

Remember, that this is all pure fantasy; although looking at the Muscle Cock blog, I sometime begin to ask myself; it just seems so very real! Anyway, fantasy or not, enjoy the tale.

CHAPTER 1

My name is Russell Scott but everyone knows me as Scotty. This is the account of how I came to be personal NBA to an NB, a stunningly well-equipped body and cock builder called Aldo Caballo and how I found true happiness and personal sexual fulfilment whilst working for him.

I am now 25 years now; I left school aged almost 19 with no diploma as I was not exactly an academic type. n my final year at school when I was 18, I had already fucked most of the girls in the class. They were all easy lays as I am, with no false modesty, a really handsome well-muscled guy with that most important attribute: a good sized cock, for which most of the chicks were willingly eager to spread their legs. In fact, let's call it how it is; cock size is very important and I am not bragging when I say that it was the chicks who chased after me rather than the inverse. But even though I was exercising my meat regularly on the fairer sex, it did not take me long to realise that they were not for me long term, for I had a growing attraction to and felt much more comfortable in the company of guys rather than dolls.

I was just 19 when I had my first gay sex experience with another guy. I did not know him as he picked me up in a bar. He was from out of town and must have been about 25, but he took me back to his hotel and gave me my first experience of an anal fuck, at which he was clearly an expert. But having taken my anal virginity, he was really quite nice as he insisted that I give him a return match and fuck him back. I never saw him ever again, nor did I know his name; but that was my initiation into the joys of gay sex; I had been fucked by a guy for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed what he had done to me; and I had then gone on to fuck him back in turn. And so I lost my, let us call it "male-male virginity" in that hotel room; I left a totally changed young stud. I have to say that I had no regrets about what I had done and felt pretty self-satisfied about the whole incident. Since then I have never looked back and the fairer sex fell completely off my radar; they became a thing of the past.

I had been born in Los Angeles and at the time I was living with my parents and my sister in a small apartment in what was not really a very good area of the city. But having acquired a taste for gay sex, I was foolish enough to bring home a guy I had met in a gay club. The house was empty so we went to my room to fuck and it was there my father found us in bed together. Well the shit hit the fan and the upshot was that I was turned out of the family home with my father calling me a pervert. He really was very old school in his thinking. With my lack of qualifications, I was then working in a supermarket and having been literally chucked out of the family home, I was forced to find a cheap furnished room nearby, which I could afford out of my minimal wages.

It was there, when I was filling the shelves one day, that a well dressed type handed me his card and suggested that I come to see him as he had a proposition for me The fact of the matter was that, acknowledging to myself that I was totally gay, I had taken to wearing really sexy looking clothes; you know, the sort of stuff which allows a guy to make the best of his physical attributes; and as I was pretty well set up in every respect, I saw no reason not to make the most of my natural endowments. As I told you earlier, I am a very good looking guy and my bulging crotch and my bubble-butt were very alluring to any experienced, searching eye. Well to cut a long story short, this well-heeled type aged 40 or 45, wanted me to give him what he referred to as anal stimulation. As he offered me $500 for the service and I was not exactly flush myself, I willingly fucked the guy and pocketed the cash. That was all I did for him as he did not want a return match. And that was the moment when I realised that I had attributes which I could possibly use to supplement my then meagre income.

I was just 20 when I left the super-market and took a job in a gay bar, which was an environment where I immediately felt completely at ease. I could be myself: basically totally footloose and fancy free: a randy, young, gay stud who liked to fuck and be fucked on a regular basis. It was a really good move, for I met a lot of new guys with whom I had regular sex; and there was icing on the cake; thanks to my good looks and large sexual endowment, I was solicited from time to time by older men, all of whom were big payers for occasional stimulation services of the kind I was happy to provide. Don't get me wrong on this; I did not go out of my way to solicit business; but if an opportunity presented itself, who was I to say no? And as my income increased, I was able to rent a small apartment within walking distance of my job. So, all in all life was not at all bad

It was in an Internet Café -- I then had no computer of my own -- that I first discovered the Muscle-Cock blog and became familiar with the activities of the IFNB, the International Federation of Naked Bodybuilders. Like many guys, both gay and straight, I loved surfing the net and looking at gay porno sites and on this occasion I somehow came across the IFNB blog and was blown away by the size of the naked body-builders with their marvellous muscles and rock-hard cocks; and, above all, their apparent amazing ability to cum at will whilst flexing their muscles. What I saw inspired me to do something about own body, which was not at all bad; but I really wanted to try to become like the studs whom I saw in the blog. So, my job being essentially an evening one, I enrolled at a local gym and started serious muscle training, which I quickly came to love: a love which soon became an obsession. 

My muscles swelled with the exercise, but even more gratifying my cock, of which I had always, even when younger, been very proud, gradually grew into the well balanced shaft some 7 inches long (excluding my somewhat generous foreskin) balanced by a girth of some 3 inches. It also had the very desirable quality of being rubbery and well padded out, so that even when soft, it did not look like a deflated rubber balloon, all shrunken and shrivelled between my legs. So all in all, looking at myself narcissistically in a mirror, I thought I looked pretty good and damned sexy. Anyway, talking about my cock brings me to my next point.

Amazingly for an American of my generation, I had, for some reason or another, not been circumcised as a baby. But you already knew this as I had mentioned my generous foreskin, which frankly, was becoming an increasing source of irritation to me. Unless I used a condom, which I usually did when I fucked another guy, that pesky foreskin got itself rolled back like a rubber washer onto my shaft and sat as an thick band just below the rim of my by now exposed cock-head; and believe me when I say that that made for a very uncomfortable fuck. That, coupled with the fact that all my IFNB idols on the Muscle-Cock blog were circumcised and displayed gorgeous cock-heads with well-defined rims, convinced me that I had got to take the plunge and go under the knife: that fucking, annoying foreskin had to go.

I can tell you I had to steel myself to see a surgeon as no guy willingly submits his cock to the knife; but I need not have worried for it was all utterly painless. The surgeon had my foreskin off in a few seconds and I was discharged a few minutes later, with my cock suitably stitched up. The worst part of this whole episode was that I had to refrain from sex for ten days while the cut healed. It was a real deprivation I can tell you, not to be able to exercise my cock and by the end of the period I was suffering from severe withdrawal symptoms. But the end result was worth it; I now had a beautiful big cock, with a large head and a well defined rim up there with the best of them. I felt on top of the world.

CHAPTER 2

For the next two years I worked in the gay bar, where after six months I had been promoted to manager. My sex life, which was one of the most important things in my life, grew even better as my circle of acquaintance expanded. I found myself in great demand as word got round that I was a brilliant cocks-man with an enviable tool and I found myself involved in all sorts of different events, for want of a better word. Gay guys like me, with muscular bodies and big cocks and a willingness to appear before an audience, were in great demand. And as time passed, I found myself being asked more and more to service men whom I did not know; additionally, along with several other guys whom I knew, we were often commissioned to give a display of our sexual prowess to enliven an evening. Sex, is always a draw and when performed live by a group of muscular young studs can become hypnotic. The thing that I and others with me did was that we actually copulated before our audiences rather than just posing and strutting our stuff individually as did the NBs at the Muscle Cock events. We may not have been as big and able to do hand-free cum shooting whilst posing in the way the NBs did, but our presentations were much more dynamic as we we fucked each other on stage in every position known to man -- and then some!

Since my circumcision, sex had become the greatest pleasure and the all consuming activity of my life and I saw no reason to hold back on an action which had become my life-blood. But as I got older, I gradually realised that, dedicated to physical training as I was and acclaimed cocks-man that I had become, I would never attain the degree of perfection needed to compete on stage in an NB event. I just had to accept that I was a handsome, muscular stud with a very large cock which I knew how to use; but that I would never equal those men whom I had come to see as my idols: latter day Gods on the earth. Any thought of seeing myself competing in IFNB events vanished with the gradual realisation that it required fulltime, 24/7 dedication, a bevy of assistants and a sponsor with a deep pocket to develop and maintain such physiques and such phenomenal man-meat. The word, phenomenal, is totally appropriate, by the way.

But one thing I had learned from following the Muscle-Cock blog was that there were lots of other jobs associated with the training and competition. NBs provided the bodies and cocks, but boy, did they need pampering to achieve what we all saw on stage. I had, until then, never even thought that I could play one of the supporting roles and quite frankly, having read of the brutal way in which many of the NB competitors treated their assistants, I don't think that I would have wanted to. But then, quite out of the blue, came an offer which totally changed my life. And if it did not fulfil my original dream, it did enable me to capitalise on all the hard work I had done myself in the gym over the past few years and move into the periphery of the naked bodybuilding world.

On Friday and Saturday evening the bar which I managed, always had a sort of fuck-fest. It was as you know, a gay bar and it was, in reality, a pretty extreme sort of place. The owner, my boss, had no qualms at all about promoting really hard, gay, sex events on his premises. Well, for several weeks I had noticed that an extremely muscular young stud, dressed in clothes which left little or nothing to the imagination as to what they covered, had been present. And although he had himself not stripped off to participate in the group copulative fun, he was clearly a keen observer, as was I; for as manager I did not usually join in fun and games destined for the customers. Well that evening, as the event ended, this guy came up to me, handed me a visiting card which said: "Aldo Caballo -- Naked Body Builder - IFNB" with a Venice beach address. On it he had written "Please contact me. I would like to talk to you."

The next day, I duly rang the number in Venice and spoke to the mysterious Aldo Caballo, who said that he had seen me several times when he had visited the bar where I worked and wondered if we might meet as he wanted to get to know me. It was as blunt and straightforward as that, with no further explanation. Why, I asked myself, should a guy, clearly an IFNB affiliated professional NB, want to see me. Anyway, nothing ventured, nothing gained and so I went down to Venice to see him on my day off from work. For my sins, I had been many times as a tourist to Venice, which is a Mecca for regular body-builders. It is quite an eye-opener, for the whole place is always teaming with scantily-clad, young studs and some older guys too, plus some guys who really should know better than to strut stuff which nobody really wanted to see, but all of whom clearly worship both body and sun. It's not a naked beach but given the scanty briefs that most guys wear, little is left to the imagination of the onlookers, most of whom come there to ogle young muscles and cocks. 

Aldo lived in an up-market apartment block with a concierge and had a top-floor penthouse with a huge un-overlooked terrace. Aldo himself was wearing just a well-cut G string, which held his impressive kit in check. I was not at all embarrassed, for here I was in the presence of a guy, who clearly belonged to that coterie of NBs I adored: guys who strutted their stuff naked on the stages of IFNB events around the world: guys who in my eyes were the modern-day equivalents of Greek Gods on earth: guys who just oozed sex from every pore of their beautiful, muscular bodies. But why had he wanted to meet me? We had seen each other just a few times at some fuck-fest in my bar, in which neither of us had actually participated and we had never even exchanged a word.

"Well Scotty -- that is the name you go under isn't it? -- thank you for coming to see me. I guess you are curious to know why I have asked you down here when we don't know one another. Well you have seen me a few times in your bar in LA, which, in case you don't know it, is reckoned to be one of the hottest gay spots in southern California. And my sources tell me that you yourself are generally considered to be one of the hottest gay tickets around. Well Scotty, I liked the look of you at first sight and with such a glowing recommendation, I thought I would get you down here and perhaps we might talk turkey." 

Aldo had turned away to a side-table to pour us a drink, giving me a rear view of a body to die for, including a luscious pair of naked buns, which could not have been more inviting had they had fuck me written across them. I could feel my cock hardening in my pants just from looking at this deliciously fuckable hunk of male perfection as he handed me my drink.

Facing me now, his eyes riveted on my crotch, where my uncontrollable piece of man-meat was fast telling me what it wanted to do, Aldo handed me my drink. "Scotty, I can see that you are already too hot (was the way he put it) so why don't you make yourself more comfortable and then we can talk." And by way of helping me understand what he meant by making myself more comfortable, he came across to me, unbuckled my belt, undid my zip and said very quietly: "Take them off Scotty; take everything off; I want to see you naked." Well his word was my command, and it did not take me long to strip for him. As I pulled off the bikini brief I was wearing, my cock sprang to full attention at 45 degrees to my stomach, eager, as ever, to do its duty.

Aldo stepped back and gazed at me with a look of admiration in his eyes and let out a soft whistle of appreciation; he clearly liked what he saw. He then pulled off his own G-String and I saw, for the first time, in the flesh, with my own eyes, the sheer monumental quality of a professional NB's cock and balls. I also saw that Aldo, like all the NB's I had seen on the IFNB Blog, was devoid of pubic hair, which had been shaved cleanly away, accentuating the full, naked beauty of his sexual equipment. As I watched, Aldo's fuck-stick rose to full attention, his cock-head glistening with pre-cum. I could feel my heart pounding, as the tension rose. I could barely contain my eagerness as I waited, wondering what was to happen next.

I asked myself if anything needed to be said. Here we stood, two young studs each of us with our rock-hard cocks telling both of us what they clearly wanted, but I waited for Aldo to say something. For my own part, I knew that I just wanted to fuck him there and then and in turn to be fucked by him -- or vice-versa, for who went first did not seem to me to matter. What was important was to me that we did not let this moment pass without actually acting upon what our cocks were telling both of us what they wanted to do. 

I was mesmerised by the size and proximity of his erect man-meat, which must have measured nearly twelve inches. I had never seen such a magnificent fuck-stick in the flesh before and I guess the average guy would have been scared stiff at the thought of taking such a monument up his own arse. But the concept of fear did not enter into my thinking at that moment; action was what I wanted and I hoped I would get it as I waited for Aldo to make the first move. Anyway, to give credit where credit is due, my own erect contribution to this little drama was some nine inches long and, frankly, was not to be sneezed at. I was not ashamed that what I could offer was not as massive as his superb, enhanced phallus and his whistle of appreciation had shown that he too was fully appreciative of the potential pleasure that I could give him. 

"Well Scotty, you sure do look as though you will live up to your reputation now that I am looking at you in the flesh and let me tell you that you are truly well worth looking at. Shall I first explain to you the reason for asking you to come here today or would you first prefer us to get to know one another a little better and then talk later? It's up to you: I'm easy."
