 Sweaty and naked with his hand wrapped around his throbbing, leaking erection Seth went to rise to fend off the invader in his tent. He let go of his cock, which slapped against his stomach leaving a streak of precum across his abs. He grabbed his large flashlight with one hand and propped himself up on his opposite elbow. His abs rippled together and his hard shaft fell forward and landed against his thigh. While the orgasmic high was falling rapidly his erection had not faltered. The adrenaline seemed only to reinforce the stiffness of his manhood. Seconds before springing up to knock the invader with his flashlight he recognized his friend, Brenton and fell back on both elbows, releasing the flashlight.

Seth wasn't ashamed of being caught naked and hard, but he was embarrassed that his friend had caught him so clearly in the middle of an epic masturbation session. Seth looked up and and was surprised that Brenton didn't even seem shocked, in fact, quite the opposite. Brenton's lips turned up in a leering smile as he looked down at Seth's sexually aroused male form. Brenton couldn't help but think: "Yup, he's a fuckin' stud." He stood there in the morning light towering over his naked and erect friend. Seth caught that twinkle in Brenton's eyes, a twinkle that always meant something wild was about to go down. Seth realized only now that he was not the only naked man in the tent with a throbbing erection glazed in glistening precum.

Brenton was not of the lean and tight athletic build. He was tall with firm shoulders; his shoulders were so sculpted by work in the oil filed that they almost had the appearance of knotted rope. His arms were defined by bulging muscles. A simple tattoo in Hebrew accentuated the cleft between his shoulder and his upper right arm. His chest was not well defined but showed an underlying musculature from his more active teen-aged years. A small patch of hair, about three days growth appeared as a shadow along the mid-line of his chest. He didn't really have defined abs, he was not fat, but did have a slight roundness to his love handles. He wasn't out of shape and he was not fat, he was just an average sexy Texan oil field boy. The smile on Brenton's face and the twinkle in his eye gave way to an unstoppable sexual charisma. He was a sexy man without his charisma, he was no less than a sex god with it. 

He had moderately hairy legs working up to his more sparsely haired thighs. Between his legs, his balls hung tightly up against him where they dangled below a six inch long circumcised cock. He was dripping precum from his purple cock head. As it dawned on Seth that Brenton too was naked, Brenton saw Seth recognize that wild twinkle his green eyes gave as a warning to wild things to come. Brenton's combed back black hair, just a few inches long, had been tousled by the wind. Brenton flashed an ear to ear smile showing his bright white teeth. Brenton knew he had to act before Seth caught on. 

In that second that it had taken for Seth to realize that Brenton was naked, Brenton was already honed in on his prize. Before Seth could even mutter Brenton's name it was over for Seth. In one smooth and decisive motion Brenton grabbed Seth's slick and red-hot cock, squatted over it, and nearly face to face with Seth took the full length of Seth's virgin prick into his tight, cock hungry ass. 

"Brent...aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." Seth couldn't form words. In his head his thoughts were whirling. He was getting ridden by a guy, a friend, he was losing his virginity, and based on the increased pleasure coursing through his body he was really close to cumming inside his friend. "Brenton...fuuuuck...I can't...fuuuuuuck." 

Brenton rode this stiff column of man meat with one purpose only. He wanted Seth's cum. He knew that once Seth had pumped his load inside of him that Seth would be putty in his hands. "Your cock feels so fuckin' good, Seth." Brenton bucked up and down, slamming Seth balls against his opening and forcing Seth deep in his warm hole. "Fill me with your cock Seth!" Brenton was on the verge of screaming. "Fuck, you're so hard inside me Seth!" When he wasn't screaming encouragement to Seth he grunted with pleasure as he rode that ten inches of virgin manhood.

"Brenton..." Seth's eyes rolled back in his head as his words became interrupted with moans. Brenton could feel Seth actively thrusting into him now. There were now two guys enthusiastically participating in the man-sex. "Fuck yea!" Seth held onto Brenton's shoulders as Brenton fucked himself on Seth's tool. "Fuck Brenton..." Seth's entire chest was red as the blood coursed through his veins. Brenton carefully put his hands around Seth's neck as Seth power thrust inside of him. "Fuck!" He thrust again. "Fuck!" He thrust again. "FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!" The orgasm hit Seth just as he felt a little faint from the playful choking he was getting from Brenton. Every cell in Seth's body was screaming with pleasure as he exploded inside of Brenton's tight ass. Brenton slammed down onto Seth's exploding cock. The sex had been hard on his ass, but he did feel the first shot of cum in his ass. Seth felt twelve shots of cum leave his dick and fill the asshole that was clamped down on it.

Brenton leaned back against Seth's raised knees. Seth was still secure inside Brenton's ass. "God Seth, that was one hell of a fuck." A pool of precum had collected on Seth's abs where Brenton's erection continued to leak as it obscenely protruded toward the hard body of the man that had just filled him with his cum. "That cock you got...fucking amazing. Almost the biggest cock I've had." Seth was still gasping for air and basking in the glow of his first orgasm inside another person. Brenton used the opportunity to explore Seth's neck and chest with his tongue, briefly. Seth was started to come down from the high, Brenton saw he was trying to come up with something to say. Exploring Seth's playground of a body would have to wait, the last thing he wanted now was for Seth to get lost in his thoughts and freak out before Brenton had his anal virginity too. He scooped the precum off of Seth's abs and smoothed it over his aching boner. In another single motion he hopped off Seth's tower of a cock, threw Seth's legs on his shoulders and pushed his erection completely inside of Seth's virgin ass. "My turn, you fucking stud."

The outdoors was alive with the sounds of morning but for one brief second the animalistic scream Seth let out was the most primal sound for miles around. Seth screamed in pain as Brenton completely and rapidly penetrated his virgin rosebud. Seth tried to push Brenton away in an attempt to escape the sharp pain of being so roughly invaded. Brenton reacted instinctively to the attempt. He slapped Seth across the face, held him down by his neck, and roughly stuffed a pair of Seth's boxers, from the tent floor, into his mouth. He put his lips by Seth's ear. "I know you want this, you just need to get over the pain, you need to be quiet so we don't wake the whole damn country side." While he spoke to Seth he continued to thrust in and out of the tight hole he so strongly desired to breed. "When you want to scream my name and talk dirty to me just spit out the boxers, but until you reach the pleasure just keep them in." Seth nodded and Brenton licked his way along Seth's chin before using his hands to keep Seth's shoulders firmly on the tent floor. 

Brenton fucked Seth more slowly now. He wanted to give Seth pleasure. This wasn't just about him cumming inside the cute virgin ranch boy, this was about gaining a lover. It wasn't about adding a notch to his bed post, it was about adding a notch-maker. From the moment Brenton had laid eyes on Seth he had known the quality of his life would be measured by the amount of cum they shared. It was in this blissful state that he slowly but steadily stretched Seth's opening to receive the cock that Brenton was sure was destined to fill it as frequently as possible. "Seth, your ass makes my cock feel so good."

"Are you okay?" Brenton asked Seth as their eyes locked and the gentle fucking continued. Seth nodded. "You ready for me to fuck harder?" Seth spit the boxers. "Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Cum inside me." Both young men were covered in sweat. Moans of pure bliss replaced Seth's muffled screams of pain. "Fuck me Brent." The rhythmic sound of Brenton's tight and hefty balls slapping against Seth as he fucked was the baseline for a melody of grunts, moans, and dirty talk that only raised the experience to a higher level. Despite all the sweat, Brenton could feel the cum running down the back of his left inner thigh, the cum that had been leaking from his freshly fucked asshole only a few minutes before. It was messy, it was masculine, it was incredible sex. 

Seth's body ached from the pounding he was taking. He felt like his hole was on fire, the friction of Brenton's cock inside him was intense. With each thrust a powerful wave of pleasure fueled his desire to be filled. Soon Seth would push down on Brenton's cock as he thrust in. The strength of Brenton's hands holding him so securely to the tent floor filled Seth's mind with the psychological thrill of being dominated. His own cock grew harder with each thrust. The strength of the waves of pleasure increased with each thrust and with his hands pressed firmly against Brenton's chest he could feel the pounding pulse of his lover as the fuck was driving him over the edge. 

"I'm am going to breed that sexy boy pussy." Brenton gasped and quickened the pace of his thrusts even more. "Are you ready for my cum? Do you want my cum inside you?" He slapped Seth's ass and then grabbed Seth's hard cock.

"Fill me with your fucking cum Brent." Seth watched Brenton's eyes roll back until his own eyes closed in the pleasure of the moment. Seth felt his cock explode again. His white cream splashed across his abs and chest. Three loads planted on his own lips and face. As he moaned and screamed for Brenton to cum, he felt a huge thrust inside of him. A gibberish of obscenity and pleasure sprang from Brenton's lips as he unloaded into Seth's ass. After shooting nine loads of cum deep inside Seth's ass Brenton collapsed face to face with Seth and waited almost a full minute before the orgasmic spasms they both felt subsided. Brenton licked Seth's cum off of his lips before rolling off to Seth's side.

Brenton gently stroked Seth's dick with a hand, while Seth returned the favor. After several minutes of silence and loving masturbation, Seth was the first to speak.

"So, what now?"

Brenton asked back "What do you mean?"

"Well, was this just a one-time thing?"

"I want to do this all the time with you." Brenton said enthusiastically. "But if you want it to end here, I'll accept that."

"I don't want it to end. You just took my fucking virginity and it was amazing. I don't ever want to stop doing what we just did here." Seth turned to look him in the eyes. "But don't you have girlfriend? Aren't you straight?"

Brenton smiled. "I lost my virginity when I was fourteen to a twenty year old college student working my parents' oil rig. He fucked me two or three times a day as often as we could. I met Alexis that same year and lost my virginity to her pretty quickly. I don't think I'm straight, I don't think I'm gay. I like to have incredible sex with both men and women and as long as Alexis is the only girl I'm fucking she has agreed to let me fuck around with as many guys as I want."

Seth's face relaxed a bit. "That's awesome. I really didn't know what I was. I find girls attractive and guys attractive, I just figured someday I'd know I was either straight or gay. I never really thought both was an option." He gently ran his fingers up and down Brenton's body. "I never would have thought I could land a guy as hot as you. Fuck you are incredible."

Brenton leaned in and nibbled at Seth's ear while cupping his butt cheeks. "You are one of the most sexy men I have ever met. Whenever you want my body, for whatever reason, I am yours. But there is one small price for our unending sex. You have to come home with me the night we get back. Alexis gets to watch every guy I'm with fuck me. It's all she asks."

"It's gonna be so hot fucking you in front of your girlfriend."

Brenton stood looking down at the sexy Seth all spread out in front of him. "We can't do any more now though. Remember we're supposed to meet Travis, Ty, and Bradley for breakfast at the picnic area. If it's okay with you, can we fuck again tonight and can I stay here with you."

Seth smiled up at Brenton. "Fuck yea. I don't know if I can wait until tonight to fuck around with you again though."

Holding his cock and shaking it at Seth, Brenton replied. "If my cock can find a way of cumming with you again before tonight, I'm not gonna get in its way. Hurry up, they'll be expecting us."

Brenton left the tent as naked as he had entered it.