 My "meetings" with Steve went on all spring. 

He would shoot me a text with a simple "?" once or twice a week, and whenever he saw my car alone in the driveway. He lived a block and a half away, but worked close enough to home that he came home for lunch or to take care of the dog if he needed to. His girl, Sam, worked twelve hour shifts three days a week so that was when I could expect the text. The dog did not always need to be taken care of, of course. And lunch was optional. But when home and convenient he would text.

I admit, I got greedy. I always tended to be a little over sexed and although this was my first bi experience, I was enjoying it.

Any time my wife was at safely at work or I was able to work from home, I would start thinking about it. 

If I was hung over, I would shoot out a text. Back from gym and feeling good: text. On my way home from airport or train for business: text. It was too easy and I have never been strong in the face of temptation. Why would I ever jerk off again when this was an option?

Steve for his part seemed to enjoy it as much as I did. After another couple awkward goes at it, he got much more confident with the whole thing. 

The first couple times were essentially replays of the first time: awkward and little to no talking, pants at my ankles, Steve on his knees, deep throating my cock, swallowing every drop. Every now and again I would pull his head and bury his nose in my pubes, forcing my head even further into his throat, but while he never complained (and always went deeper when I let him up), I felt like this was a little aggressive and I was still feeling odd about this arrangement. I am not gay and never had a reason to cheat on my wife, so what the hell was I doing?

He never asked to get himself off, so that "rule" stayed in place.

But as spring rolled into summer I got way more comfortable. And that is where things started to get even more weird, for me at least.

It kicked up a notch one hung-over Monday morning. My wife went to work annoyed because I was out LATE on Sunday and woke her up stumbling through the room in the dark. She made it a point to be sure I was awake as she "quietly" got ready for work. I made her coffee as a mea culpa so when she left I was wide awake and caffeinated, but probably still drunk.

So although early, out went the "?" text.

This was a risk as I normally have some kind of handle on when Steve's girl is at work, and typically wait for him to reach out first early in the week. So I was nervous hitting Send, but really horny so the risk/reward seemed balanced.

When I didn't hear back for a bit I got nervous. I absolutely needed this to remain a secret. Maybe Sam is looking at his texts? Sam seemed like a no nonsense girl, sweet but definitely the Boss in their relationship. He IS deleting these, right? After 15 long minutes, I got a text back that said "8:30" so I felt better. That gave me a 20 minute window.

I put the dog out back and decided to jump in the shower to rinse off. In a spur of the moment decision, I grabbed clippers and shaved my pubes then the razor and shaved my balls. 

I did a sort of haphazard job that I would clean up later, but looking in the mirror, I was happy with what I saw: despite being hung over, I still looked pretty good in my late 40's, my cock was semi hard from the shave and soapy stimulation of the rinse, and it looked bigger somehow (an optical illusion, obviously, but it made me even more horny). I laughed involuntarily as I noticed that my face after two days was way more stubbly than my balls, but then I heard the door open.

Steve knew to casually walk right in to minimize the chance of being seen waiting at the front door. I typically was waiting in the kitchen with coffee when he came in or he would bring two cups from the corner place. All very natural, right?

Getting dried quickly, I heard him say a cautious "Hello...?" since I was not where I normally was.

"Up here," I called down. "Come on up."

Although we had done this more than a dozen times by August, this was the first time for a lot of reasons. We had just missed the crowded street with kids going to the first week of school, neighbors going to work, and the housewives hanging out gossiping (this last thought occurred to me and made me pretty nervous).

Also I was now "prepping" for these encounters. And I am calling him up to my bedroom!

I hear him lock the door and slowly come up the steps. As he turns onto the landing, I am crossing the narrow hall from the bathroom to my bedroom with the towel over my shoulder. "In here" I say.

Still a little wet from the shower, I lay in the center of the bed and put my hands behind my head. We never really talk during these encounters, but as these were some new circumstances, initially Steve was not the confident cock sucker he had become in the kitchen.

Since I was in the middle of the bed, he had to climb up to reach me: he kicked his shoes off and crawled onto the left side of the bed. Now he was on his hands and knees, but for the first time he was above me. Leaning on one arm, he reached down and stroked my cock until it was rock hard, then went down on one elbow and licked my balls. 

His eyes were closed, but I was watching him rest his head on my thigh and move in closer to paint my balls and the underside of my shaft with his tongue.

But the positioning was very uncomfortable. How had my wife done this? When was the last time she was this eager to suck me off? I realized that I did not know.

After licking for a bit, he got up off the bed, and came around to the foot of the bed. He crawled straight up between my legs, with the effect being that I raised my knees and spread my legs wider than before.

With my hard cock now dripping pre cum onto my belly, Steve got between my legs and started licking the back of my balls. Grabbing my ass with his hands, he lifted a bit and I found myself accommodating him by lifting my hips up to give him better access to the area between my legs: my knees went even wider.

But he kept going further down, and soon I could feel his tongue on my ass hole. To be honest, this freaked me out at first. My first reaction was to flinch, but I accidentally raised my hips further instead of pulling down so he took this as an invitation and lifted my right foot to get better access. 

Was I being man-handled by this little man? The thought came and went that quickly as I gave in to the pleasurable sensation. 

I reached down and pulled my own knee up to give even better access. Steve was breathing heavy - I could feel and hear that - and with his hand free reached over to stroke my throbbing cock.

I looked down and could barely see the top of his head. His hand was squeezing the base of my dick and just jerking ever so slightly. It was one of the best feelings ever.

Pre cum had stopped oozing out of the head, but his tight grip made the tip look huge and purple. Tight grip, slight motion, tongue flickering my ass. I wanted this to go on but I also needed to cum at this point.

"Come here..." I croaked out, and he came up and I pushed my dick straight in the air by pushing his hand a bit. The message was clear.

He was in business casual work clothes - polo and khakis - and all the crunched up keeling looked uncomfortable. He said sheepishly, "Ok... Can I get myself off?"

"All right: but no mess" I said.

In like two seconds he was nude and climbing back up onto the bed. I noted with an odd satisfaction, that my cock was significantly bigger than his. But then being back between my legs, all I saw was bare shoulders and head as he went down on me. 

Although I never "let" him touch himself any of the other times, I was regretting that decision now: his moans and breathing made this moment even more intense.

I felt like I was going to cum at any time: it was so intense that I was wondering why I had not cum already when he said - barely pulling his mouth off my head - "I'm going to cum..."

Well I didn't want his cum in my bed for all the obvious reasons, so I jumped up. This freaked him out: there I was now standing next to the bed while he knelt with his dick in his hand at the foot of the bed. 

I came up with a plan:

I motion him off over to sit on the floor with is back to the bed. His ass was kind of forward, so he was slouched a bit. I stepped over him and put my cock right in his face - a little awkward as I had to brace my hands on the bed and lean way over (I had a quick mental picture of being in the position of getting arrested with my feet kicked way behind me, hands on the top of a squad car).

He took my cock back in his mouth and let me move my hips back and forth while his head was tilted back slightly against the mattress. I was fucking his mouth while Steve had his hand on my hip trying to control the depth and pace of my thrusts, when he suddenly moved his hand around to my ass cheek and pulled me in with a guttural noise and tried to hold me there.

I was not sure if or how he could breathe, so I looked over and saw that he had cum all over himself.

I snorted a laugh: how had he gotten off before ME? But then I realized that I was in a very uncomfortable pose: super hung over and trying to get off while essentially in a push up position. I was starting to sweat and my arms were shaking a little.

So I stood up and started jerking off. He just sat there in the same position with his cum rolling slowly down his belly back toward his dick. Now that he had cum, he looked kind of exposed and vulnerable, but I was determined to get off. 

He stayed in the position rubbing his shrinking dick. I jerked a little more until I felt the pressure building and I pulled him up onto is knees. A little cum was going to get onto the floor but at this point I did not care.

Steve offered no resistance and never raised his hands to grab my cock or hips like he usually did. I realized from how he was sitting that this was because he had cum on his hands and was afraid to touch me.

He surrendered his mouth to me and I jerked my cock while he sucked the head and as much of the shaft as he could get to avoid my moving hand. I had my hand on his head and as I started to cum I made fist and with a handful of hair, pulled his head away as I spurted cum onto his face.

I am not sure what made me do this: I normally give plenty of warning before I cum and just let Steve do his thing. I think that I just wanted to see myself cum. The pressure of the orgasm surprised us both: it took this long to cum, so I thought it would sort of just roll out. It splashed against his lip and cheek and he flinched at the unexpected shot. 

I continued to jerk and the second pulse was much weaker, falling to the floor between us. I let go of his hair and gently put my cock back against his lips. He went right back down on me, only reaching up to make sure none of my stuff got near his eye. 

There was more cum, but nothing like that initial explosion. Dutifully, Steve sucked until no more came out.

My cock started to soften and I turned and sat down on the bed. He turned also and continued to suck my cock while on his knees. He wiped my cum off of his face at some point, and was using this as additional lube as he moved his mouth up and down my shaft. 

After not too long, my cock was pretty soft. He stood up and said "Heh, no coffee today?" and I said "Not today."

Steve had cum still on his face and more on his belly. He asked if he could grab a quick shower as he was now going to be late for work. 

I said sure, and surveyed the floor for any mess we made. There was minimal mess and I could clean it up later.

It was now just a hair after 9am. 

Steve had taken all of his clothes into the hall bath and was showered and dressed in minutes. Although we speak a lot when we see each other in the street with our significant others, we do not really talk during these encounters. 

I had pulled on a pair of shorts and was laying in bed - feeling much, much better although a head ache was starting to kick in - when Steve came back in and said "Wow, that was intense".

There really was not a lot to say so I just agreed and said I would shoot him a message this week sometime. It was early on Monday, so there was a LOT of week ahead of us. I was just hung over and horny enough - even post orgasm - that I was thinking of the next time. 

Steve left and I took a quick shower after letting the dog back in. I needed to log onto the computer to "begin my work day" but this was going to be an easy one. I was replaying the morning in my mind and already planning the next time. Steve would be allowed to get himself off: that was decided. He clearly liked this situation as much or more than I did and (selfishly) his orgasm enhanced my own. When would be my next opportunity? Would I cum on his face again? 

It never occurred to me that these would be questions that needed answering. 

The whole mood of my day - and the rest of the week - changed around lunch time though. I got a text: "I think Sam knows".