 Continuing....

Tommy closed his eyes and lay there, savoring the sensations of having his ass used for the first time. Yes there had been that first twinge of pain, but the pleasure had quickly overtaken it and it had been so much better than he could ever have imagined. He was glad that his old neighbor Ed had been the one to do it, to be the first to fuck his virgin ass. 

Ed was also enjoying the afterglow of the sex. Tommy's tight ass had made for the best fuck he had had in a long time. While he hadn't intended in moving to fucking him that quickly in the relationship, he sensed that Tommy wanted it and he was more than happy to oblige.

As Tommy lay there, he felt Ed stir beside him, and then felt Ed's fingertips lightly tracing over his cock and balls. He wondered what Ed had in mind, but knew he wanted to enjoy everything that might be in store.

His cock began to stir as Ed's fingers lightly teased it. Then he felt Ed shift closer and his hot breath against his nipple. He had never had his nipples played with and the sensation was new and exciting. Ed's lips engulfed it, his tongue teasing it. His cock was fully hard now, and Ed's fingertips were caressing his balls. 

Instinctively he ran his own fingertips through Ed's wavy white hair and as he did he felt Ed's teeth playfully nip at his nipple. He let out a soft sigh and was totally enjoying what Ed was doing. 

Tommy could feel Ed's semi hard cock pressed against his leg as Ed's mouth moved to his other nipple. Ed was making love to him and it was perfect. Being new at this he just lay there, enjoying the sensations and let Ed do what ever he wanted.

Ed's fingers began massaging Tommy's balls and his lips began slowly kissing down Tommy's belly. Tommy's cock twitched in anticipation. Ed, who had been the first to use his virgin mouth and ass was going to suck him and there was nothing he wanted more this minute.

Ed moved and knelt between Tommy's legs, smiling as he looked down at the young erect cock. He had wanted to suck him since that first night, but had taken his time with the lad, knowing that he would when the time was right, and tonight seemed to be it.

Ed leaned close, his lips lightly caressing the tip of Tommy's cock as he inhaled his scent. He took the head into his mouth and let his tongue swirl around it, and was rewarded with the taste of oozing precum. While he had sucked lots of cock over the years, Tommy's would be the first one that had never before felt a man's mouth.

He felt Tommy's fingers in his hair as he began to slide his lips down the shaft, going all the way to the base and then slowly back up, enjoying the feel of this wonderful young cock in his mouth. 

He let the cock pop from his lips and then slowly licked down the shaft and let his tongue swirl around Tommy's balls. He hoped that Tommy didn't cum too quickly as he wanted to enjoy this beautiful cock and give him a blowjob he wouldn't forget.

As he teased Tommy's sac with his tongue, his fingertips began moving slowly up and down the hard shaft. He heard Tommy moan softly as he ministered to him, and then heard Tommy exclaim, "God Ed, that feels so good!"

Hearing Tommy's words, Ed moved his mouth back to the young cock, taking it in, and letting his lips begin sliding up and down the shaft as his tongue swirled. He loved the large amount of precum that oozed from the tip of Tommy's cock and now coated his tongue. He was craving what he knew would be a big load of thick creamy cum, but wanted to enjoy this as long as possible and make sure Tommy got the blow job of his life.

As he heard Tommy's moans get louder, Ed backed off, wanting to prolong the enjoyment for his young friend. He pulled his lips off and just licked the swollen cock head, enjoying the oozing precum as he tightened his fingers around the base of that beautiful young cock. 

"Oh Ed, I want to cum so bad, please let me shoot my load!" Tommy exclaimed.

Knowing that his young lover was past the point of no return, Ed happily obliged, sliding his lips again down Tommy's shaft. He felt Tommy's body tense and then felt the pulses as Tommy's cock began to spurt and the wonderful nectar filled his mouth. He tightened his lips around the shaft and kept sucking and swallowing as Tommy cried out in pleasure. It tasted so very good as it had been too long since he had taken a load of hot jizz in his mouth.

Ed kept sucking until Tommy begged him to stop. Then he reluctantly pulled his mouth away from the beautiful young cock and looked up at Tommy and smiled. 

"After that great fuck, I thought I should repay you, I hope you enjoyed!"

Tommy grinned and nodded, "I feel so good with you Ed, I enjoy everything we have done!"

Ed slid back up beside Tommy and curled into his side, his fingertips lightly tracing Tommy's cock as his own semi hard shaft pressed against Tommy's leg. 

"Oh Ed, let me suck you again, I want to make you cum!"

Ed smiled and was more than happy to oblige his young friend. He got up from the bed and told Tommy to lay back with his head just over the edge. 

Tommy eagerly complied and Ed moved around so his cock and balls were above Tommy's lips. Tommy reached back and grasped Ed's bottom as he began licking and sucking on his heavy sac. 

"So good, Tommy!" Ed exclaimed and then moved slightly so that the head of his now fully hard cock was at Tommy's lips.

"Relax, Tommy," Ed instructed, "You can take me nice and deep in this position!"

Slowly Ed pushed his cock into Tommy's mouth. First just a couple inches and then as his hips rocked letting it go deeper and deeper. Tommy was a good student and with lots of encouragement from his teacher he was soon taking the cock all the way to the back of his throat. 

Ed was delighted and it did not take long until he felt his body flush, his breath begin to come in pants and then the sweet release as his cock spurted deep in Tommy's mouth. Tommy was obviously into it as he swallowed every bit of the creamy load.

As Ed pulled his cock from those sweet young lips, Tommy's fingers found his shaft and he rubbed it against his face, seeming to almost worship it. 

"I know you have to go home, but I want you to know that you are an amazing lover Tommy! I hope we can get together again real soon."

Tommy smiled as he got up to dress, knowing this new relationship would continue....