 As I pulled in from a long week of checking ID's, I decided to walk around the neighborhood. Kee, a 19 yr old community college student, was sitting on his front steps and called out to me. The bar has great food, so I'm known by more people than I know. 

Kee:"So Jay, How's business?" 

Me: "Same old, same old, Kee, how's school?" 

Kee: "I've been having trouble with Chemistry, ever take it?" 

Me:"Sure, I can help you with the formulas" 

With that we went up to his well furnished apartment above his parent's garage. Kee is a good looking young guy with chaotically thick brown hair. I'd seen him in the neighborhood when I've walked my dog. He's about 6'2", bulky muscular swimmer's body. He was definitely attractive, but I honestly hadn't considered anything happening beyond my occasional fantasy. As we walked in, I was pleasantly surprised when Kee pulled out a well packed bong and a couple of beers, instead of his Chem manual. 

After smoking a couple of hits, followed by a few shots and a couple of beers, I was becoming hornier by the minute. 

We sat casually, at opposite ends of a blanket covered, old black crushed leather sofa. The conversation eventually came around to sex, when Kee flat out asked me if I'd ever fooled around with another guy? I asked him why he would ask such a thing? He said he had become curious about what it would be like sucking on another guys cock (making mine begin to harden), and when he thought about sucking on one, it was usually mine. He confessed to letting his friend suck him off when they were drunk several weeks earlier, but when it came time for his to return the favor, he chickened out.

Me: How do I know u won't bail on me now?

Kee: Does this feel like I'm going anywhere, Jay?

Kee was close to me when he said this. As I turned in his direction, I saw the smile on his face as I felt his warm hand slide over onto my hardening cock. 

Me:"That feels nice Kee, and yes, I have fooled around with an other guy a few times. Do u like how my cock feels?" 

Kee:"yyess, Jay, ohh yes, it's so warm, can I kiss it?" 

Not waiting, Kee nervously unzips my pants letting my hard cock free

Me:"Kee, lean forward, and take my cock into your mouth" 

Kee:"Yes, okay"

I can see Kee's brown eyes as he slowly takes as much of my cock into his warm mouth as he can, stroking the rest of my shaft with his hand. 

I totally got off on this situation. I had fantasized about this, it was always just me doing the sucking tho. And I had just moved into the neighborhood, so this was quite the warm welcome. Kee was now beyond curious. Either he was a natural, or mine was not this young man's first BJ, lol. He almost begged the cum from my nuts. 

His mouth felt fabulous, but I hadn't seen his cock yet. His ass looked pretty tight so I pulled him up to me and kissed the precum from his lips, helping him, as he pulled his pants off revealing a solid 6"-7" of cut meat. Seeing it made my mouth drool. I soon knelt before him, sucking him in and out of my mouth and throat, living my fantasy. The insertion of 1 finger into his ass had him filling my mouth.

Kee:"Oooww, I like the way your finger feels, mmm" 

Kee's cock stayed hard as I inserted another finger, causing him to moan. 

Kee:"Oh Jay, please, oh yes, oh that feels so good" 

Me:"I know it does, Kee."

I pushed Kee onto his back and wiped my fingers on a nearby towel. Conveniently, I found lube on a lamp stand and quickly coated my cock before raising up his ass on some couch cushions so I can slowly pop Kee's sweet ass cherry. I'm 1/2 way in when he pulls me towards him for a kiss. I can feel his cock on my stomach as my cock sinks in deep, finally all the way in, I stopped for a second to tongue fuck his mouth, then I began pumping slowly in and out. I now feel his cock twitch against my stomach with every deep stroke. I begin to pound his ass harder and deeper, stroke after stroke. I'm close to cumming when Kee suddenly explodes, splashing us both on the chin and lips at the same time causing me to erupt deep inside of his warm ass.

We never did study Chem, but we have hung out just casually exploring each others physical needs, neighbor helping neighbor.