 It was a warm late March day - the Monday after St. Paddy's Day - and my wife and I were walking the dog when she looked down and said "Is that a wallet?"

Sure enough there was a leather wallet against the curb. We figured it must have fallen out of a coat or something when someone was getting into or out of a car. It recently rained, so the color blended right in with the curb: there was no telling how long it had been there. There was no cash inside, but a couple credit cards, a bus pass, and luckily some ID.

After some digging I was able to find the guy, Steve, on social media and sent him a message to let him know we found it. For a full day we heard nothing back and this wallet just sat in the key tray, but finally I got a message: this guy just moved to the neighborhood with his girlfriend, was out with his buddies for the holiday, and got drunk and thought all of his stuff was lost for good. 

I gave him our address (he was unable to retrace his steps as to where he MIGHT have lost it) and my number to text when he got here.

He and his girlfriend show up and we have them in for a minute. Cute couple: mid 20's college grads. She was in grad school and he was already working. They were both on the short side, he was white, she was Asian and he was just a little taller than her. My wife and I are both on the taller side and pretty fit even though I'm almost 50.

She was in the process of cancelling his credit cards - she already did one - when he saw my message. They were joking about it but you could tell that this was an argument they were having that now was averted. I mentioned that he was lucky that I worked from home and the wife was off that day, as it was trash day and that wallet might have disappeared forever. He said that he did not realize until that day that he did not really remember what was even IN the wallet, and that alone was a stress-er. They were super grateful and my wife and I just laughed it off and said That's what neighbors do.

Two days later I was having coffee in the kitchen and watching the news when I get a text. My wife left for work about a half hour earlier so I was easing into my day. I was still wearing a t shirt that I slept in but had thrown on a pair of mesh shorts just in case the motivation to run presented itself.

The text was from Steve, the wallet guy. It just said "Are you home?". I had not saved his number so it took me a second to scroll through the old texts to remember who it was. I said I was and he texted would it be ok to stop in for a minute?

I figured he was going to drop off a bottle of wine or something as a thank you gift so I said sure (I really was not motivated to run, plus I was a little hung over).

There is a knock at the door and I let him in, noticing no bottle but whatever. He walks right into the kitchen, and I was a little surprised when he sat down at the counter. So I put the dog out in the yard and offered him a cup of coffee. 

While I am popping a pod into the machine, he is telling me how much he appreciates letting him know about the wallet and how I saved him a huge hassle with his girl, and work, and on and on.

In between his strangely nervous rambling I was asking how he wanted his coffee and just doing the "no big deal" thing.

Then he says "I wanted to do something to show my appreciation"

That's not necessary, I say.

"Can I suck your dick?" he asks very nervously.

I literally choke on my coffee and almost spill it on myself: Excuse me?

Now not making eye contact, he says "It's just something I like to do and have not been able to since moving here. Sam (his girl) knows that I used to do it occasionally in college but isn't super cool with it because we had a tight group of friends and she didn't want it known to everyone. And I thought with moving here I wouldn't be tempted but ..."

I am simultaneously saying "Well thanks I think but that's not really my thing and I have never done this before I did not expect this ..." and some other string of words.

So now he is talking too fast and I am talking too and it is just an awkward situation in the kitchen and it is not even 9:30am.

But a funny thing happened while this simultaneous stammering was going on: my cock started to move a little. Maybe it was being caught off guard, or being hung over: I don't know. I step a little closer to the counter between us to hide it but he glanced down as I moved and could not have missed the bulge where there was no bulge previously.

So now we both take a sip of coffee and it is very quiet in the kitchen. I realize that someone has to do something, so I say "come have a seat over here" and motion to the couch facing the dining room.

We walk over and I offer for him to sit. He looked nervous, and my heart was pounding. What the hell was I doing?

He sits and I step closer, and my shorts are right at his face level. I am 6'4 and at his height everything just leveled up.

The bulge in my workout shorts was more pronounced now. Everything happened so fast that I just did not have time to get fully erect, but it was filling up (which is good because while I have a healthy sized dick, I am a grower not a shower).

Without a word and with no eye contact he reaches for my waistband and pulls down my shorts slowly until they are around my knees and my cock popped free. 

He puts his hands on my thighs while I let the shorts drop to my ankles. 

First he leans forward and licks the top side of my cock from the pubes to the head, and then when I involuntarily twitched, he ducks his head under my dick and begins to lick where the base of my cock meets my balls.

He grasps the shaft and holds it up so he can get under there. He licks and puts his whole mouth on that spot for a minute and at this point I am as hard as I have ever been. My heart is still pounding, I am standing with my hands on my hips like the old Superman pose. 

Steve then takes the head of my cock in his mouth and begins to slowly slide it into his mouth, with each down stroke going a little further, until he finally had almost my entire dick disappear into his mouth. 

I was hyper aware of his tongue flickering the underside of my shaft while he pulled back and between going down.

I found myself pushing my hips forward to meet his mouth as he became more eager.

Without making eye contact he pulls back and asks "Can I jerk off?" 

"Sure" I said, the words coming out before any real thought.

He gets off the couch and onto his knees and does what he can with his mouth while he fumbles with his belt and pants. In no time his pants are down close to his knees and he is stroking himself. 

Again, not really thinking, I say "Don't cum though". I know that what was going through my head was future clean up, but I think he kind of liked being told what to do because he let go of his own dick and started stroking mine even as he sucked.

Steve then looked up for the first time in this whole encounter - I was watching the whole time in sort of disbelief - and with his hands, reached up and pulled my hands from my hips and placed them on his head.

At first I just sat them there: exactly how much was I going to participate in this? What the hell was I doing here?

But as he went down to the almost base of my cock, I found myself pulling his head down to swallow it all. He gagged for a second at the surprise pressure and pulled back, but then went down again prepared. I pulled him in again and this time he took it all, burying his nose in my pubes and breathing hard. He somehow clenched his throat and mouth around my dick and sort of shook his head a little back and forth.

Things started happening fast now. He was alternating stroking my cock - wet with his spit - and jerking himself off. He still "wasn't allowed" to cum so when he got close he would let go I think.

I could feel the pressure building and I told him I was going to cum: my balls were tightening up to my body in preparation. He actually picked up the speed of his hands and head motion while squeezing and sucking a little harder.

I took my hands off of his head and put them on my own head, and arched my hips forward as I came in his mouth.

I am not sure how much I came, but it felt incredible. After speeding up to manage my spasming cock and swallowing spurt after spurt of cum, Steve slowed way down and milked my cock with his mouth, slowly dragging his tongue and lower lip forward along the underside of my throbbing dick and getting every drop. He was squeezing his own dick, but not jerking it any more, and I could see a long drop of precum connecting it to the floor. 

Without looking up, he asked "Can I cum?" and again I said no.

Neither one of us made a sound as he stayed on his knees sucking gently and my cock (which was still super sensitive) began to soften. 

After a minute he pulled back and I stepped away, awkwardly pulling up my shorts. That run was definitely going to happen today: I had a LOT to think about.

He straightened up and I offered him a bottle of water. 

He kept adjusting his pants to get his own erection in the right place. He said "Ok well I guess I will see you guys out walking the dog or something" and I said sure.

He left and walked down the street to his car.

I put on my sneaks and ran that morning, replaying the whole scenario in my head. This guy lived a block away. Was this an opportunity? A threat? Would I do this again? What happens if (when?) we see them on the street? I had no answers, but was still strangely turned on when I got home.

When I got back to the house, I took my phone off the charger and there were a bunch of texts from Steve.

"Thanks again" 9:55am

"I had to jerk off in my car" 9:58am

"again?" 10:12am

At about 10:45 I texted back "No, thank YOU"

After a bit he texted "sorry" and I realized he misunderstood.

I texted "Don't be sorry: I enjoyed. You can do it again soon"

There was nothing for an hour then I get a text that says: "Can I lick your ass next time?"

This was getting real.

I said: "First, save my number in your phone under a different name please. Then erase all of these messages right now. We can talk about that other stuff later."

I have not had an eager on-call cock sucker since college. I will have to decide the safest way to move forward with this. But I will be moving forward...