 Tommy sat in his cubicle at work, his eyes staring at the computer screen, but his thoughts miles away. Since his encounter with his old neighbor Ed, he had been unable to think about anything else. He had finally fulfilled his fantasy of sucking a man's cock and now it seemed he was totally obsessed with it.

He knew Ed had subtly seduced him, but he had wanted to be seduced. He closed his eyes and remembered the feel of Ed's cock in his hand when he had stroked it, the feel of it when he had taken it into his mouth, the texture, the taste, and the scent. And when Ed had cum and he had felt the pulses and ropes of cum had shot into his mouth he had almost cum himself. 

And now he knew he wanted more. Ed had been good, just letting him do things at his own pace and had not put any pressure on him for more. But Tommy knew that there would be more, and he knew that Ed knew it too.

Several times today he had picked up the phone to call Ed, but had hung up without dialing. But his thoughts kept going back to that night and how good it made him feel and he knew he just had to call.

First he called his wife, telling her that he would be late getting home as he had a project that he had to get done. He smiled when she reminded him that she was going to be out at her pottery class anyway. 

Then he dialed Ed's number, hoping that he would answer and hoping he would be free this evening.

When Ed answered, he said, "Hi Ed, it is me Tommy."

"I had wondered when you would call Tommy, and I hope what happened the other night didn't upset you."

"No, no... in fact I really enjoyed everything and haven't been able to get it out of my mind."

"I know what you mean, Tommy, it was like that after my first time too. Would you like to get together again?"

"Yes, uh, I was wondering if you were going to be home tonight and maybe I could stop by."

"That would be nice Tommy, I will be home all evening, come by any time."

"OK, see you later Ed."

The clock seemed to drag for the rest of the afternoon, but that was probably because Tommy couldn't wait for the work day to end and he could get to his liaison with Ed.

Finally the workday was over and as he rode the elevator down to the ground floor, a pang of nervousness came over him. Should he be doing this he wondered, maybe he should just forget about it and go home and back to his regular boring life. But no, he thought, he wanted this; in fact he was craving it.

As he walked the 10 blocks to Ed's apartment, his body was tingling with excitement. When he buzzed Ed's on the intercom and heard his voice he knew he was so ready for anything Ed wanted to do. Riding up in the elevator, he thought about Ed's cock, and wanted it in so badly.

Ed answered the door, dressed in a black silk robe. He smiled at Tommy and said, "I am glad you came, I really enjoyed the other night and I had hoped we would get together again. I didn't want to push you though, as I know you were nervous and I wanted you to process what had happened in your own way."

"Would you like a drink Tommy, you seem a little tense?"

Without waiting for a reply, Ed walked to the little liquor cabinet in the corner and poured them both a glass of scotch. He handed one to Tommy and then touched his glass to it saying, "Here's to new experiences!"

They each took a sip of the liquor and then Ed put his glass down and said, "Would you like me to relax you a bit Tommy?"

"Uh...sure Ed." Tommy replied, not at all sure what Ed had in mind.

Ed took him by the hand and led him into the bedroom. The curtains were drawn and there was just soft light from a bedside lamp.

"Take off your clothes Tommy," Ed instructed, "lie on the bed and I will give you a nice massage."

Tommy eagerly complied, his mind racing to where this might lead. He quickly stripped off his clothes and lay on the bed. He heard Ed moving around and then felt strong hands on his shoulders, slowly massaging him with some warm oil. 

"My Tommy, you are a bit tense. Just try to relax and enjoy."

Ed's hands moved over his shoulders and back, slowly and sensually and Tommy felt himself becoming aroused and let out a soft sigh.

"Does it feel good Tommy?" Ed asked as his hands moved to his lower back.

"Oh yes, very good!" he replied as he glanced around and saw that Ed's robe was open at the front and his cock was erect. Oh how he wanted to suck that cock again. 

He closed his eyes and felt Ed's fingertips slide along the crease of his bottom, brushing the tight pucker of his anus. 

"Oh, god, does he want to fuck me?" Tommy thought, quivering with anticipation.

He felt Ed climb onto the bed and opened his eyes to see Ed's cock bobbing right in front of his face. Without hesitation he took it in his mouth, sliding his lips down the shaft as Ed's hands slid over his body.

It felt so good to have a cock in his mouth again. He swirled his tongue around it, and he savored the feel of it and the taste of the precum that leaked from the tip. 

Ed's hands were concentrating on his bottom and he felt a finger press into his anus. He tensed slightly as it entered but having Ed's cock in his mouth and finger in his ass had him tingling with excitement. Ed's oily finger pushed deeper and Tommy moaned around the hot flesh in his mouth. 

"I think you like that!" he heard Ed say.

Knowing he could not reply with his mouth full, he just nodded and as he looked up at the man he knew was going to fuck him for the first time. 

Slowly Ed pulled his cock from Tommy's mouth and he moved around between his legs. His hands moved to Tommy's hips and his cock slid between the slick crease of his ass, not pressing in, just sliding up and down against him.

"Oh Ed, fuck me! Please fuck me!" he heard himself exclaim.

He felt Ed rise up and heard the rustle of paper and knew it was Ed opening a condom. The anticipation was overwhelming until finally he felt Ed grasp his hips, tilt his bottom and press the head of his cock against his virgin asshole.

"Are you sure?" Ed whispered.

"Oh fuck, Yes!" He wanted it so bad!

He felt the press of the thick cockhead, Ed going slow, easing it into his ass. He let out a little cry as the head stretched his sphincter. Soft moans of pleasure escaped his lips as Ed's cock pushed in, filling him. His head was spinning; he was being fucked!

As he felt the press of cock against his prostate he was pushed over the edge and his own cock began spurting cum over Ed's bedspread. He had never experienced anything like this in his life and it felt so good. Wonderful pleasure mixed with twinges of pain as Ed begin slowly fucking his ass, that beautiful cock deep in his bowels. 

Ed took his time, letting Tommy adjust to the feelings, but his need was great too and the tightness of Tommy's virgin ass pushed him over the edge. A deep growl of pleasure came from his throat as he came, filling the condom with his cum.

Ed held Tommy's hips, holding deep inside him as he savored the sweet sensations. Then his cock began to soften and he slipped from that beautiful ass. It had felt so good, fucking this man/boy. He leaned down and kissed Tommy's back and then rolled on his back beside him. He looked over and saw that Tommy was looking at him, grinning like a Cheshire cat. He smiled too, knowing that the night was young, and more pleasures awaited them... (to be continued??)