 It was a cold rainy night and the bar was pretty empty except for a couple of guys at a table in the corner. I was disappointed as it was usually a great place to hook up with another guy, but tonight the possibilities seemed slim.

As I sat at the bar and sipped my single malt I noticed a young guy come in the door. He stood there for a moment, hesitating, not sure if he should come in. Something about him was familiar, but I couldn't place where I might have seen him before.

He slowly moved into the bar and took a seat a short way down from where I was sitting. I smiled at him as he sat down and then continued to sip my drink.

A couple minutes later, I noticed him standing beside me, a surprised look on his face.

"You're Ed, aren't you? You used to be our neighbor a long time ago."

I looked at him more closely and then it dawned on me. "You're Tommy, that bratty kid that kept bouncing the baseball off the side of my house! What was it, 20 years ago!"?

He sat down next to me and we chatted for awhile about the old neighborhood. I was sorry to hear that his mom and dad were not in good health, and he were surprised to hear my wife had left me a few years back.

"Do you come here often?" he asked.

"Yes," I replied, "it is a good place to 'meet' people."

Since the bar was a known spot for M2M hookups, he smiled at me knowingly.

I asked him what brought to the bar and he said that he was curious about the place.

We finished our drinks and I said, "My apartment is just around the corner, and the drinks are much cheaper, care to join me?"

He hesitated and then blurted, "Sure!"

We walked to the apartment and I told him to get comfortable and I would get us the drinks. 

I brought us each a glass of Glenmorangie 18 year old and we clinked glasses to "old times!"

As we made some small talk I could tell he was nervous, and I took my time before deciding how I would make a move. He told me he was married to a "real bitch" and that things were not good at home for him.

After a bit I picked up the remote and turned on the TV. When it came on, it was tuned to the gay porn channel and I saw his eyes widen as he saw the two naked men on the screen in a passionate embrace.

"Do you like this kind of stuff?" he asked and I nodded.

"I find it very stimulating!" I replied, "Helps me to release my tensions when I am home alone. Don't you watch porn?"

He nodded that he did but had only watched gay porn once.

"Did it turn you on?" I asked and smiled as he averted his eyes.

I took another sip of my drink and saw he was intently watching as one of the men on the screen started sucking the other guy's cock.

I figured, what the hell, it will either scare him off or lead to a good night, so I slid my zipper down and started stroking my cock.

I saw him look over, his eyes on my hand that was sliding slowly up and down my very hard cock. "You don't mind, do you? That movie has me feeling horny."

"Um. Uh.. No I guess not," he stammered, his eyes locked on my cock. 

"Good," I replied, smiling at him, "You can stroke yourself too, if you want."

He blushed and said, "I have never seen another man masturbate before, and it has me feeling quite hot."

He didn't do anything but keep watching me, so I said, "Look Tommy, I know you came into the bar looking for something, and that you knew it was a guy hook up place, so why don't be honest and admit you are curious about being with another man."

I kept slowly stroking and said nothing, leaving the next move up to him. He looked at my cock and me and then dropped his eyes and said, "Yes, I have been thinking about it for awhile, and if the truth be known, I have been fantasizing about cocks for a long time."

"Well, I know what that is like, and it wasn't until Doris left me that I finally took the plunge and have enjoyed quite a few men ever since.... What would you like to do Tommy?"

He glanced at me, and then at the screen where the one actor was getting it hard up the ass. "Can I stroke yours Ed?"

I patted the couch beside me and I slipped off my pants as he moved over. 

Tentatively he reached out and took my cock in his hand, moving it up and down my thick shaft. 

"Mmmm, feels good," I said and then I laid back and enjoyed the feel of this virgin hand on my cock. 

After a few minutes, I asked, "Do you like it, does it feel good to stroke a cock other than your own?"

He said nothing, just nodded, seeming intent on what he was doing, his other hand slipping down to lightly massage my balls. My cock was rock hard and a big drop of pre cum was oozing from the head.

I wondered how far I should go, but I could see he was really into what he was doing, so I figured I should just go for it and said, "You want to take it in your mouth, don't you Tommy?"

He looked at me and then nodded. He moved slightly, his hand still moving on my shaft and then I could feel his hot breath on the head of my cock. His tongue flicked out, tasting the pre cum, swirling around the fat head. And then his lips engulfed the head of my cock and I let out a soft sigh at the feel of my cock entering this virgin mouth.

He was tentative at first and I did not force the issue, just let him do what he felt comfortable doing. Soon his lips were sliding farther and farther down my cock and it felt so fucking good.

"Swirl your tongue... tighten your lips... slow, nice and slow!" I moaned, giving him subtle suggestions as he sucked his first cock. 

I could feel myself right at the edge and said, "I'm going to cum soon Tommy!" Giving him warning so he could pull away.

I was surprised when instead of pulling off my cock, his lips tightened and he began sucking the head and stroking the shaft, moaning on my old cock. It didn't take long and with a deep growl of pleasure I felt the sweet release and ropes of my hot cum began shooting into his mouth. He kept sucking, swallowing my cream, nursing my cock like a baby on a nipple.

My fingertips lightly stroked his hair as he held me in his mouth, obviously having enjoyed giving his first blowjob. 

"That was so good Tommy." I said, "Did you enjoy your first experience?"

He looked up at me as my cock slipped from his mouth and smiled. "It was amazing.. better than I imagined!"

At that I smiled back and said, "I think this is going to be the start of a beautiful friendship!"