 The New Hire: A Fantasy Come True

I remember how I jumped out of bed that day. Anxious and eager for a long anticipated job interview with an established New York advertising firm, they'd called me back for a second interview!. I'd been angling to land a job with this company for some time now and felt on the brink of it all coming true. Certain to dress in my best "power" suit, I checked and double-checked my appearance multiple times before heading out the door. 

The interview took place in the large, private office of the Assistant Copy Editor. A youngish, dapper looking executive named Stephen Collins, who from appearances was doing quite well from himself. He was a tall dark haired gent, the kind that makes a very favorable impression as he cuts through a crowd whether it be in the sharp silk suit he was wearing or simply in the black thong I visualized him in underneath! In all circles this guy would be considered a stud and I had to make subtle efforts to conceal my interest and keep my thoughts on the professional straight and narrow! 

He presented an easygoing but strong presence in the office which while containing all the necessities for business, also accommodated a leather couch and seating arrangement which made the place quite impressive. Everything had a fine touch to it and spoke of success. 

"Not too shabby..." I remember thinking to myself. 

The interview went well and I thought I'd given a good accounting of myself. Stephen had given me ample time to respond to his questions, often times walking around the office or stopping to stand before me while I spoke. My eyes were trained on him at all times and I noted his glance wandered occasionally, scrolling down my body then locking back on my face. I was devoured his image when he was turned and fed them to my tightening briefs. 

Around noon time, Stephen rose and I was initially dismayed that the interview may be ending. I couldn't be more wrong...

"We've run a bit longer than I'd anticipated", he said "and I have a lunch appointment. Say...I'm lunching with the head of the department, perhaps you'd like to join us? It's ultimately his hiring decision so this would be an opportunity for you to meet him in a more relaxed...less stressful way. Care to join us?"

"Certainly..." I'd replied evenly, all the while thinking how well things were progressing! 

Stephen had excused himself and left the office. My mind was racing on dual paths, trying not to allow them to collide and ruin everything! In a couple of minutes, I'd stood to wait for them, "adjusting" the bulge in my pants to make it less obvious...just before Stephen returned with another man in tow who quickly and cordially grabbed my hand and gave it a firm shake. 

"Pleasure to meet you...I'm Walters and I understand that you'll be joining us?"

"Well...ahhhh, yes Sir. I certainly hope to..." I'd said, glancing quickly at Stephen around Walter's broad shoulder. "I do hope you'll have me here."

"My man Stephen indicates he's quite impressed and feels we need more good men like yourself around here. Lets get lunch and talk about it shall we?" 

With that, Walters put a gentle but firm arm across my shoulders and directed me to the door. Somewhat taken aback by the "familiarity" of this stranger, I found myself being easily guided by him and Stephen was in tow as we headed off to lunch. The lunchtime elevator was crowded and crushed and seemed to descend exceedingly, its occupants shifting and standing silently...waiting for the doors to open. 

Lunch was an interesting affair... They'd selected a booth in a darkish Italian restaurant and Walters seated himself on one side, while Stephen and I slide in on the other. I had to continually remind myself to maintain my best professional behavior because my partners seemed rather insistent on relaxing and work wasn't spoken of much at all! Instead, multiple rounds of drinks were ordered and the conversation ranged to more personal matters. 

As was probably his practice, Walters dominated the conversation. Gesturing with his big hands, he'd periodically reach across and touch or quickly stroke me while making some point. For a big man he was very smooth . Capable of captivating and entertaining his audience effortlessly with soft, flowing words and a warm touch. It was easy to be this man's audience and the tightness in my crotch returned as my mind wandered.

"Touch me again...let me show you how 'accepting' I can be..." 

Stephen was mostly silent throughout lunch. Oddly, he'd brought his briefcase with him and in my semi-drunken condition, I panicked with fear that he'd pull some forms to be filled...but he never accessed it and stored it between him and the wall – making the remainder of the booth tight. Not that I mattered, but in my mental state I wondered if his hard and firm thigh was pushed against mine on purpose! Neither of us shifted away from the contact and accepted it as "necessary" but I did wonder if something else was going on or if it was all my imagination. Could he see the bulge in my crotch...was that the reason for his now deeper, more intent glares? Could he possible know how quickly I'd kneel for him? 

Finally a truce was called! "Why don't we head back and conclude this in the office" Walters offered with a broad smile, so it was back to "work" they went. Entering the elevator, the three of us are forced to a back corner by others also returning from lunch. Stephen stands behind me against the wall, Walters to my left against the sidewall. The elevator fills to "standing room only" and slowly the doors begin to close. 

Its then that I first felt it...a hand placed over my ass. Initially I discount it as my wandering mind going down some merry fantasy path again...but then I felt it again, this time more firmly! 

Snapped to reality, I have to quickly swallow a moan! "Can this be?" I'm thinking, just as I receive another drawn out and delicious squeeze! Glancing slowly and unobtrusively over my shoulder, I can see Stephen from the corner of my eye...again staring at me intently...watching me as the "mystery hand" works my ass again. My eyes close half way but I see his return grin. He knows he has me...and the thought of that joining made my cock rock solid and throbbing for good. No more pretense, I was completely hooked and at his mercy. He knew it and knowing that he knew it made me all the hotter! Reflexively, my eyes closed as the crack of my ass was traced downward. Weak and breathing shortly, I glanced to Walters and confirmed that he was taking in the whole show probably was the leader in this pursuit of my surrender. 

Finally the elevator stopped on our floor. I've become so weak that I steady myself from falling on the way out. Without a spoken word, the three of us walked through the main office, bypassing all other realities, guided strictly by our lusts. "Hold my calls..." I heard someone say and then the office door closed behind me. 

I felt my head pulled back and Walters tongue was quickly inside my accepting mouth. Stephen stepped around us and quickly dropping my pants, swallowed my enraged, hard cock. Finally we were joined! Walters lowered me till I was seated against the couch, Stephen's mouth and lips not missing a beat on my tormented cock..."Ahhhhhhh work me baby...mmmmmm yesssss..." I panted to him as my cock convulsed and twitched...finally going totally rock solid it exploded! Streams of hot cum pouring from me...into his demanding mouth 

Walters quickly undressed and straddled me. It was then that I knew I would do anything for this man. Before me was the most beautiful hardon I'd ever have the pleasure of wrapping my lips around. A full, thick nine inch masterpiece with a deliciously precum covered mushroom head...this baby belonged in nothing less than the best porn flicks ever made – and now my mouth!

Leaning up slightly, I guided it to my mouth and began loving it like only another man can! Licking...worshipping its length slowly...whispering sweet nothings to it...then accepting the head between my lips and lavishing it with soft, warm lashes of my tongue...ahhhhhhhh it was one of those beautiful and rare moments that only a true cocksucker can appreciate! 

Meanwhile, Stephen was turning out to also be quite handy with his mouth. He'd pulled from my softening cock and now had his sights on conquering Walters ass! Between the two of us...Walters found himself a very willing prisoner...I was devouring his ever hardening cock with greater abandon while Stephen's tongue flicked his hole as every man longs for...but few men's wives or girlfriend know or want to do. I completed the picture by taking a handful of thick full balls...and we worked him till he dropped! 

With a slight buckle of the knee...he announced his defeat. 

When it happened again, he surrendered his gift in hot streams. The first shot him me in the face...I love to see the first shot fly free...and he covered my face, lips and mouth with more as I swallowed and licked this his manhood! I'd imagined that I'd feel Stephens tongue somehow, so spread and deeply was he working Walters ass...and his delicious cock become only more so with each gob of cum that shot out. I licked and cleaned him as only the best employee-wanna-be would do! 

Taking a short time out...very short...Walters sat behind me on the couch and Stephen went to his desk. I "assumed the position"...hoping that my wishes would come true and returned to licking Walters still swollen and tasty cock. I could have sucked him his cock for days had he let me. In no time at all, I felt Stephens hands on my ass...lubing me up nice and gently and his hand guided gel over my cheeks and down my crack.

I rewarded him with a slight, but unmistakable moan when he begin finger fucking me. Squatting down lower, I stuck my ass out slightly...saying "take me baby" before filling my mouth with Walters again. Soon I felt it...Stephens long, slender cock slipping up my experienced and accepting ass. 

"Mmmmmmmm...baby..." I murmured...and soon Stephen was pumping me nice and steady - working my hole real good...his stomach muscles coming to rest against my soft ass as we quickly developed a good rhythm. You'd have thought we'd been fucking for years... 

My cock was stiff again and throbbed to the beat of Stephen's lovemaking, precum flowing and dripping to the carpet below. Walters couldn't seem to quit grinning and he stroked my hair and head...watching me gyrate against Stephen...watching Stephens eyes close and roll back as my ass worked his tool...watched me continue to lick and love his now swelling cock...

Ahhhhh the pleasures of being a working man! 

Needless to say, I got the job and Walters, Stephen and others in the firm I came to know, would continue their...professional training of me for many years to come.