 "Class dismissed."

I shot up out of my desk, grabbing my binder and pencil. I was the first out of the room. Finally science class was over. Our teacher, Mr. Raed, was hated by us all. He made calculating formulas torture.

My best friend, James, joined me. "Thank God!" he sighed in relief as we got into the hallway. "I thought the bell would never ring." 

I smirked. "Oh come on, I know you liked that partner assignment." I teased him lightly. He had recently, just a few days ago, come out to me about being gay. Surprised as I was, I had gotten used to it enough to joke around with him.

He shrugged. "Guilty as charged. But you can't honestly tell me that Adrian isn't totally drop-dead gorgeous." 

I rolled me eyes. "He is attractive, I'll give you that." I said, my eyes on the guy James was talking about. He was tall and muscular, with blonde hair that was always in an effortlessly and messily attractive style. His grey eyes complimented that, not to mention the help of his naturally tanned skin.

James grinned, running a hand through his hair. "Opposites attract - We're perfect for each other." he said, gesturing to his chocolaty brown hair, which was short and curved up at the front into a sort of tiny Mohawk. 

"Sure. Whatever floats your boat."

"Oh, he can float on my boat anytime." he commented. We both laughed, walking down the hall to our lockers. Once we had arrived there, James glanced over me to where Adrian stood, talking to his friends. He sighed, looking back to me. "The great thing is, he's single and totally open." 

"Didn't he have a girlfriend, though? Meaning he doesn't exactly bat for your team?" I asked, using one of the phrases I'd come up with to refer to his homosexuality. 

James shook his head. "Bi." he said simply, gathering up his things for our next class, which was chemistry.

I nodded slowly, returning back to getting my supplies. "Binder, pencil..." I trailed off, muttering to myself what I needed.

The bell sounded out just as we had gotten our things. We entered the chemistry lab and took a seat at our table, which was way at the back since we enjoyed talking and not doing an ounce of work. 

"Alright, kids, settle down." Mrs. Tirhc said gently. She was a nice teacher, and didn't like to raise her voice. 

I was too busy looking down at the paper James was showing me to notice the guy standing at the front of the room. 

"We have a new student joining us today. His name is," she paused, glancing down at a clipboard, "Demetri Birke."

I glanced up with slight curiosity, and felt my jaw immediately drop. Standing at the front of the room with a flawlessly sparkling smile was probably the hottest person I'd ever seen in my entire life. He was fairly tall, probably taller than me by a few inches, and in shape. His skin was unblemished, and his green eyes shone like gems. He had black "emo-style" hair, with bangs that swept just over those gems, and pink-dyed tips that were about half-way to his shoulders. He wore a black t-shirt that said, in large white writing, "Free hugs!", and grey skinny jeans. His purple high top Supras had not the slightest trace of dirt, and were a splash of colour in stunning contrast.

James must of been thinking exactly what I was, because his brown eyes went wide. "Damn..." he whispered aside to me, dragging out the word with a smile. 

Jaws dropped throughout the classroom. A few guys, even some of the straight ones, seemed impressed. Every girl stared with smiles and fluttering eyelashes. 

"Would any group be willing to welcome him in?" Mrs. Tirhc asked. The moment she did, practically every single hand shot up, waving impatiently. She scanned the classroom, her eyes stopping on mine and James' arms waving politely in the air. "Alex, your group could use an extra member." she said, smiling.

James shot a side-ways glance at me, before his eyes fell back on the new guy, who we both welcomed with a smile. "Hey, I'm James." he introduced himself.

"And I'm Alex." I said, scooting over to make room beside me.

"Most likely you already know this, but I'm Demetri." the new guy said, smiling. His voice was semi-deep, soothing, and simply lovely to listen to. It only added to his perfection.

We fell into conversation quickly, laughing and making wild gestures to go with our tales. We hadn't gotten any work done, but we didn't really care.

"So then I said, 'No, that's what you said'!" James ended his current story. Demetri and I launched into laughter.

"James, remember the time that Lucas got in shit for running through the halls shirtless yelling, 'They're after me Lucky Charms' 'cause we dared him to?" I asked, grinning.

James laughed. "Yeah! How could I not? The sight was so worth it. Best five bucks we've ever spent." he said. I nodded in agreement.

Demetri chuckled. "That's like the time that my friend and I got in shit for interrupting in class." he said. James and I glanced at him to continue. "My friend, Quinn, and I were sitting in English one day and we were reading this book for a class study thing. It was about this guy who was gay and he got killed for it or something, I didn't really pay much attention. So once in the middle of class when the teacher was out, we took coloured permanent markers and drew rainbows all over the classroom walls and wrote 'Gay pride!' on the whiteboard in that same permanent marker. When the teacher came in we got in so much trouble! They never got the marker off the walls or the board, and we had detention for basically an entire year and got suspended for two months. We were so close to being kicked out, but there was a teacher there who liked us and said that we shouldn't be expelled because we're proud of who we are." he told the story with a grin.

I laughed. "Oh man, if I did something like that, I'd be in detention forever and grounded for life." I commented. "And my mom is a total homophobe so she'd probably burn everything I've touched." I shrugged. 

"Well it's not like your full-blown gay, Alex. If my dad knew that I am, he'd disown me and pretend he doesn't have a son." James said, smirking.

"If my mom even knew I was bi she still probably wouldn't touch me with a ten foot pole." I countered.

Demetri shook his head, making tsk-tsk noises. "So much hate these days... My parents know that I'm gay but they don't really care. My brother is afraid to be around me though." 

We all laughed again. "What does he think you're gonna do, rape him in his sleep?" James asked while laughing, tapping the end of his pencil on the table.

Demetri shrugged amongst his laughter. "I don't know, maybe." he responded, glancing at the clock as our laughing died down. "What time does the bell go here?" he asked, looking back to me with those emerald eyes.

I hesitated, lost in his gaze for a moment. "Ten minutes." I replied after a brief pause, shaking away the effects. "Then we've got social next. Woohoo." I cheered unenthusiastically.

The bell had gone and we were out at our lockers. I was surprised but glad to find that Demetri had taken the empty locker - that had been abandoned since Tyrone Deiz had moved away - right beside mine. 

I'd never been with a guy before. Not relationship wise, or sexually. I had realized I was bisexual only a month ago, and I'd been single since then. Before then, I'd never even thought of a relationship with another guy, much less sex. It had seemed weird to me, foreign. Until I stumbled upon some videos and came around to the idea.

"Hey, Alex, what are you doing after school?" Demetri asked me as he closed and locked his locker, supplies for social class in hand.

I felt my heart beat faster, so loud that I feared he'd be able to hear it. "Um, nothing really. Why?"

"We should hangout." he said with a smile. He then took my hand, writing a cell phone number in pen on it. "Text me."

I smiled back, feeling sparks at his touch. I pulled a pen out of my pencil case, taking his hand - and feeling a burst of warmth from the contact - and writing my cell number. "And you can text me back." 

James glanced at my hand during social class. "What's that?" he asked, a slight hint of a smile on his lips.

I grinned. "Demetri's number." I replied with pride, shooting a glance at Demetri, who sat way on the other side of the classroom and was copying down the notes from the board that I had finished.

The smile turned into a full-out smirk. "Gettin' right down to business, hmm?" he ventured, raising his eyebrows. "I can only imagine what you plan on doing with him." he teased, clearly amused.

I rolled my eyes. "We're just hanging out. That's it. Nothing else." I insisted, tilting my head slightly to the side.

"Sure." James retorted sarcastically. "Somebody's gonna get some." he said in a sing-song voice, tilting his head so that it was at the same angle as mine.

It took me a second to get what he meant. When I did, I groaned. "Oh my God, James. You're a terrible person, you know? All we're doing is hanging out. As friends."

"Go into it friends, come out something more." he commented, turning back around to resume working.

Nothing very eventful happened until gym class, which I was totally excited for. The guys always worked out shirtless, and I couldn't say I wouldn't be happy to see a certain somebody.

In the locker room, I shot multiple glances over at Demetri. His shirt was off, displaying his toned six-pack abs wonderfully. I bit my lip to fight off a smile, trying to focus on what I was doing.

Once we got out into the gym, we started by running laps to warm up. Then we moved into our real workout. The guys were using weights today; We switched off with the girls, who had used them yesterday.

Lucky for me, I got to watch him. He was as strong as he looked, lifting the heaviest weights with little difficulty.

Sweat glistened on his abs, a smile on his face as he talked with one of the other guys in the class named Ron. 

I found myself staring, and hoped nobody noticed. James grinned at me however, a sign that he had. I got back to what I was doing, distracted, but focused enough to sort of stay on task with only occasional looks over towards his area.

Finally the thing I'd been waiting for since before social class arrived - The end of the day. The moment I got home I texted Demetri, who texted back almost instantly. I invited James to join us, but coincidentally he was "busy".

So it would just be me and him. I was fine with that. We decided on meeting at a huge park that was about halfway between our houses.

I arrived there before him. There was a pit of rocks that was raised up from the ground. It was hidden by trees, and so it was always the perfect spot for hiding.

People would always come here to make out or, if they couldn't go to each other's house for some reason, sex would take place here, too. The trees provided great coverage, and if you were in the dark of night, nobody would find out.

The moment I saw him walking down the path, my heart leapt. I sat up in one of the trees, completely hidden from sight, and waited. Five minutes later, Demetri was hoisting himself into the tree with ease, sitting across from me.

"What is this place even for?" he asked, glancing around.

I shrugged. "Nobody really knows. It's always a hideout spot though, usually for sex or something sexual. Nobody can see in here from the outside." I said, gesturing to the trees. "Especially at night."

He smirked. "And you know this how?"

I smiled. "Like everybody else, this is where I lost it, if you get what I mean." I shrugged. Everybody came here to lose their virginity - Usually they couldn't go to one of their houses because of family being home, so this was the alternative.

He nodded, glancing around. "Makes sense. So romantic." he commented sarcastically, his eyes circling back to lock on mine. "How old were you?" he asked after a minute.

I blinked, slightly caught off guard by the question. "Thirteen." I replied. "The girl was fourteen though and wasn't a virgin." 

"Sounds slutty." Demetri said. "I was thirteen, too. It was my birthday, and the girl was thirteen, too. That was before I found out I'm gay, though. Looking back on it, it really wasn't that great." 

"Mine was pretty short. Ten minutes of clumsy fumbling around and awkward unpleasantness." I shuddered dramatically. 

He nodded. "Same. No matter how much you know, the minute you're actually doing it for the first time, you have absolutely no idea what to do. The girl I was with kept telling me to stop because it was apparently super painful." 

"Ouch. Nothing's worse than stopping. I didn't have to since she wasn't a virgin, but I was totally inexperienced and she seemed really bored and broke up with me a few days later because I wasn't experienced enough for her." I said, sighing. 

"I had absolutely no clue what I was doing." Demetri chuckled. "I felt like I was two and trying to tie my shoes. Now that I have so much more experience, I was really stupid and it was probably the most embarrassing moment of my life." 

"Experience, hmm?" I arched a brow, smirking, and scootched closer to him so that we were now sitting on the same tree branch.

Demetri smirked back. "Yup. I can't imagine you have no experience?" 

"Oh, I have experience."

"Mmm?" he countered. "With guys?"

I shook my head. "Not with guys, but I do have experience." 

He shook his head in playful disapproval. "Never been with a guy and you call yourself bi? Tsk, tsk, Alex. Tsk." he teased, leaning closer to me.

"I don't need experience to have knowledge." I said, grinning, leaning closer to him. 

"It's always better to have both." he leaned closer again. We were slowly closing the space between us.

"Then maybe you should give me some experience." I blurted out. The reality of my words hit me after a moment, and I felt blood rush to my cheeks.

"Maybe I will." Demetri whispered as he completely closed the space, his lips only a centimetre from mine. His eyes found mine, almost as if looking for permission. I slowly nodded just the slightest bit, and he took no pause. Our lips met and I felt fire shoot through me. I somehow moved automatically, as if I'd been doing this my entire life. Our heads turned to opposite sides, eyes closed. I just barely felt our hands twine together. His free hand wrapped around my back, pulling me closer, while mine automatically rose to the back of his head, fingers in his hair.

His arm dropped down to my waist, circling around and pulling me closer still. Pressed up against each other, so immersed in our make out session, everything seemed right. Everything seemed perfect, natural.

Our hands separated to rise and wrap around each other. It felt like thousands of years had passed, when really it had only been a few minutes. The moment the arm around my waist had moved away, however, edging towards my jeans, I pulled away from him reluctantly.

We were both silent, staring at each other. The arm returned understandingly to my waist, and I let myself be pulled back into the kiss.