 5-13-14

The New boy At Work

He kept pushing me... Flirting with me... Giving me those sly winks and little comments...

And there's only so much a man can take, after all.

Of course that went on all of the time. Working where we did... I won't say where... being around the people that we had to deal with day after day... some of them little more than animals... you learned to develop a kind of twisted sense of humor. The kind of humor that would make so-called "normal" people quite a bit uncomfortable. We messed with each other all of the time, giving each other armor to keep away the shivers. It was our own twisted little coping mechanism.

One of my good friends even came up with a name for the game we played. He called it "Gay Chicken". See if you could out-freak the other guy and make him back down first.

But this... went a little beyond that.

As I said, there's only so much a man can take.

He was a little taller and a little thinner than the ones that usually catch my eye. But he was definitely pretty and I was always a sucker for the pretty ones. He had short brown hair and big wide brown eyes that he didn't let me see often enough for my liking, but there you were. His voice was deeper than his age and size intimated; almost a young country singer kind of voice, but without the prerequisite accent. Not much of an accent, anyway. I couldn't see much of how he was built under those baggy work clothes but what I could see combined with the way he stood and the way he moved I could infer that he was in pretty good shape.

Good enough shape that I would really enjoy getting my hands (and other things) on him.

Mostly I just kept my real thoughts buried deep in my head. If my true wishes and desires were known... Well, I don't think anybody would really be too surprised, but it might make things a little uncomfortable for me. This was, after all, the middle of the bible belt.

But I digress.

His name was Jacob and he was young and pretty and fairly intelligent (which is another big turn on for me) and also fairly cocky, which was going to be his downfall. Every time I tossed a challenge his way he always smiled behind those Walmart sunglasses and said "All right! Bring it on!"

I got a bit of a peek into his psyche one day completely by accident. I'd made a joke and he said "Nobody puts baby in the corner!" I gave him a mock frown, pointed and said "In the corner, young man!" He said "Awww... nuts." Then walked into the corner and stood there until I told him to come back out again. While he was there an image popped into my head of him kneeling in the corner with his hands behind his head and big red hand prints all over that snug little butt. The smile I was wearing when he turned around again made his eyes go a little wide.

The turning point, I think, was when I decided to give him a chance to bow out gracefully. I stepped close enough so he was the only one who could hear and said "If you had half a clue how much of a real pervert I was, you'd be really frightened right now." The boy just smirked at me and said "I really like that in a man."

So I decided it was going to be all out war until he gave in or ran away, whichever (or whoever) came first.

The following day he challenged me again.

I walked into the lobby to get another cup of coffee. Jacob was standing there and saw me come in. With a big smile on his face, he held out his arms to give me a hug. Of course he also saw the boss sitting in his office right there only a few yards away. Did he really think that was going to deter me from grabbing an armful of that sweet little body?

Oh hell no.

I wrapped my arms around his waist and hugged him tight, then leaned into his ear and growled, deep and low in my throat, letting him know exactly how much I was enjoying that. If the boss hadn't been watching, I'd have also grabbed hold of both of his ass cheeks and given them a squeeze. I think the young man realized that and let go of me pretty quickly and turned away under the pretense of getting something out of his lunchbox.

Reaching up, I pulled down the back of his collar and ran two fingers up and down the nape of his neck, right below the hairline. Leaning close again, I whispered "When you are mine, I'll put my mark on you right there, boy." He stiffened and pulled away, his skin flushed a bright red from his neck up, his ears especially a bright pink as he gasped and stammered.

My pal Lenny let out a loud guffaw at his discomfiture. "I don't know what you just said, but whatever it was it worked! I've never seen him blush like that before!"

I counted that one in the victory column.

A few minutes later when the lad had quit blushing, he came out to the smoking area to hang out before we started shift. I told him "I'll bring you a print-out of what my mark looks like. So you can see it before I have it tattooed on there." All he could say was "I hope you have it done by a professional."

So the following day I did just that. Brought in a little folded piece of paper with three things printed on it. The first was a copy of my mark, the steampunk triskele with a little latin phrase around the outer edge. It said "In totus mores, in totus res, ergo sum Suus." Beneath that I printed the word "Interpret."

On the next line it said "CB-6000. Explain why you would wear it."

The third line said simply "Tell me your safe word."

He folded it back up and stuck in in his pocket. Gave me another inscrutable look through those sunglasses and said "All right."

I was pretty sure when he looked up any single one of those things, that would be the end of it. Especially the CB-6000. Having his stuff locked away in a little plastic tube with someone else holding the key would probably give him a case of the awful never-get-overs. Especially since I was always threatening to be mean to him.

But oh... the thought of that did make me grin...

The following two days were my days off and when I returned for my Monday Jacob was still off for his weekend. Many things had happened in between and the assignment I had given him had slipped my mind. So I was taken unawares the day after that when he walked up and handed me back my piece of paper without a word. I couldn't see his eyes behind those sunglasses, but there was a faint blush high up on his cheeks as he gave it to me. I could see Lenny watching through the corner of his eye and grinning. Being on the fringes of the whole thing had given him a good idea what was going on and he was enjoying the show immensely.

Stepping back from the crowd, I unfolded it and looked. I could see Jacobs scrawl and it took me a moment to read his handwriting.

The first line read: "A search led me to a story. Someone named kitten wearing a mark just like that. Hers read 'In all ways, in all things, I am his.' Is this you?" The word "you" was underlined several times.

The second line read: "Because you would love to tease me with it. But I don't believe you could leave me locked up for very long. I'd probably cry."

The third line read: "Red/Yellow/Green." I smiled. Obviously he had done some research.

Leaning over the end of the table, I got out my pen. Under the question on the first line I wrote: "Yes, it is me. Go back and read the whole story and leave a comment."

Under the second line I wrote: "Yes I would and probably not, but I'd enjoy making you cry."

Under third line I wrote simply: "Good boy."

Folding the paper back up, I stepped back over to the lad and held it out, waiting for him to take it. As he did I smiled and said "Good boy." He blushed again then when he stepped away to read my responses, and even deeper as he thrust it into his pocket.

Watching from the sidelines, Lenny laughed again.

Of course those were almost exactly the responses I had been looking for. It was almost as if I'd written this story line myself, it was so perfect.

As I turned away to head off to work, I said "I gave you another assignment. Tomorrow evening at the latest, boy." He muttered something behind my back as I walked away. It was probably just my imagination pairing itself with my hopes, but it sounded just like he said "Yes, sir."

The following morning before I left for work I checked the site where I published my stories on the off chance the young man had actually gotten on there. I was pleasantly surprised to see not only had he commented on the story I directed him to, but all 17 of the others as well!

Holy snap, he must have been up all night. I'd have to find a suitable way to reward him for his efforts. Or tease him.

Either way I'm sure it would be enjoyable.

I was about halfway to work before I realized that I had a wolf-like leer plastered across my lips. Those people that I worked with often knew that smile, though none of them really knew what it meant. Some of them would see it and laugh.

Some of them would see it and be a little bit nervous.

When I was in that mood I had that effect on some people. That smile meant something was going to happen, either good or bad. But whatever it was, I was planning on enjoying it immensely.

So I got inside and went on the hunt. The young man and I never worked in the same place. He was usually on one side of the place and I was on the other and I only had a few minutes each day to interact with him. If we both got in early enough, I had maybe fifteen minutes.

Of course I was really hoping that was going to change soon.

And there he was, right where I expected him to be. Out in the smoking area hanging out with Lenny and all of the others, waiting to start work. My grin grew even wider. Lenny noticed the smile and his eyes got a little wider and he smiled, waiting for it.

Setting my lunchbox down on the table, I stepped behind the young man and grabbed him by the ear. As he squawked, I said "Excuse me, I need to borrow this lad for a moment." The others laughed and Jacob followed me protesting, obviously not wanting to get separated from his ear. I towed him away from the others into the corner and as I let go of his ear his head came up and I snatched his sunglasses off of his face. Those big brown eyes went wide and I put a hand into his chest and pushed him back into the corner, gently but quite firmly.

"Did you really stay up and read all of those stories?" He was halfway between being startled and being mad and the question caught him of guard.

"Yes, I did!" I saw his jaw set as he tried to rally his defenses. I stared at him for just a moment then replied "Good boy. I can tell that you did. You look tired."

"And did you enjoy them?" His eyes shifted away and he just shrugged. I leaned closer and lowered my voice into a growl. "Did you play with yourself afterward, Jacob?" He turned a deep red and said nothing. I leaned even closer and hissed. "Did you?" He had backed as far into the corner as he could go and I could see from his body language that he was real close to either punching me in the face or collapsing on the ground.

Deciding to give him some breathing room, I stepped back a little, while still blocking his escape from the corner and stood with my hands on my hips.

"You did, didn't you?" He still wouldn't look at me.

"Y-yes..." It was barely a whisper. I had to fight hard to keep a smile from spreading all over my face.

"Very good. That makes me extremely happy. Now..." I raised two fingers. "Two last things. One... you may read those stories as often as you want. But two..." I held out a folded slip of paper and he took it from my grip. He opened it to see my email address. "If you want to play again you have to ask my permission. Understand?" His mouth came open but nothing came out.

"Do you understand?"

"Y-yes..." I lowered my voice again.

"Yes, Sir." He blushed again and lowered his eyes.

"Yes, Sir."

"Good boy. Now let's get to work."

Slipping the earpiece of his sunglasses in between two of the buttons in his shirt, I turned abruptly and walked away, leaving him standing in the corner a bit forlorn with this "What the hell just happened?" look on his face.

One person still standing at the table whom I'm sure I don't need to name, found this hilarious.

Some days it is just seriously fun being me. You should try it at least once.

Of course I didn't get to see him again for the rest of the evening. I amused myself with imagining him arguing with himself over whether or not he was going to follow my directive or ignore it or give it lip service and lie about it or what. And on the way home my leer was replaced by a self-amused grin.

And of course there wasn't anything in my email when I got home either. It was way too soon to expect him to knuckle under. Even if he didn't do what I told him to, I had planted a seed in his mind that one day I might have control over his body like that and if he was as thoughtful as he seemed to be, I'm sure it shook him deep down inside. That thought kept me amused while I wound down before going to bed.

Then, just as I was reaching for the mouse to shut my computer down for the night, a notice popped up in one corner of my window, letting me know an email had just dropped into my inbox. I sat and stared at the little "Inbox (1)" without moving for a few moments. My mind whirled around in little circles like a dog chasing it's tail.

"Surely not." I said aloud to myself. "I'll bet it's just another spam."

I wanted to look but was afraid I'd be disappointed.

Finally I couldn't take it any more and clicked.

Holy snap. It was from him. Incredulously, I clicked it open.

There were only three words.

"So. Ummmm... please?" I chuckled loud and long before I could compose both myself and a reply.

My reply said: "The correct form is 'Please, Sir.' But yes, boy. You may. -Sir."

Seconds after I sent it a reply came back stating merely "Thank you, Sir."

With a wide smile on my face, I went off to bed. That smile stayed there all night long.

Push and pull. Dig and poke. Carrot and stick. That's what it was all about.

At some point it changed from being a game to being a real desire. I went from just wanting to make him blush and admit that he lost to actually wanting this hot bodied young man and decided that he was either going to be mine all the way or I was going to give him the biggest case of the heebie-jeebies that he had ever had in his life. If he didn't actually become my plaything he was going to look back on it like a semi truck that had almost run him over and thank god he was still standing while his whole life flashed before his eyes.

And I did have to behave myself now and then, too. I didn't want to scare him away as he was one of our best employees and I also didn't want him filing sexual harassment paperwork on me either.

So while I did let up on him now and then just to keep him off balance, I never let him forget that I was there... wanting him.

On one of his weekends his truck had gotten hit while it was parked in front of his house. The insurance company had written it off as a total loss so he had to take their check and find himself another vehicle. Jacob and his friends were discussing what he should buy and of course when you get more than two guys together in a discussion about vehicles none of them could agree on the same thing. Ford or Chevy... car or truck... back and forth.

Guy stuff.

I waited for a lull in the conversation and spoke up quietly.

"One day soon you won't need to worry about it, Jacob." They all turned and looked at me. I smiled softly with my eyes inscrutable behind my own sunglasses.

"Pretty soon you'll just ride to work with me."

Bluuuuuuuussssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhh... Yes!

In my mind, I was pumping my fist up and down in the air and doing a victory dance.

The second evening after I had given him the directive about asking for permission to play, I didn't get a request in my email. I was a little disappointed, but I wasn't expecting one every night. The thought flitted through my mind that he might just have been humoring me that first time anyway.

I decided to let it play out and see where it went.

But the third evening there was an email in my box as soon as I got set down at my computer. It was from the lad, of course. And it said simply "Please, Sir?"

Grinning almost uncontrollably, I took a minute to formulate my reply, imagining him sitting there waiting. I so badly wanted to see the look in his eyes. I also wanted to reward him, both for asking and for being so formal in his capitalization. 

It was a small thing, but it pleased me.

After a moment, I typed a reply: "Yes boy, you may play tonight. However there are conditions. Get used to it. There will always be conditions.

First: before you play you will strip naked and kneel down on the floor with your hands behind your head, thumbs resting on that spot where my mark will go. You will count aloud to thirty. Loud enough but not so loud that someone else might hear.

After you do that, you may play.

Second: When you are done you must look up as if I was there and say (aloud once again) 'Thank you, Sir.'

When you have gotten my permission, you must do this each and every time you play, until I give you other instructions.

Enjoy yourself, My pretty boy.

-Sir"

It only took a few seconds for his reply to come back again.

"Yes, Sir. Thank you, Sir."

Oh, it was a very good night. And once again I slept with a smile.

Either he was just humoring me or the lad was a true submissive who had just been waiting for someone to come along and take charge of him and that sweet little body. Personally, I didn't mind that at all. I was having a lot of fun both teasing him and teasing myself with the daydream of getting my hands on him to play with. To be completely blunt and candid about it, fucking his mind was almost as good as fucking his body.

Of course I'm terribly greedy and really wanted to do both of those things.

I kept up the pressure, both at work and when he was home. Pushing until he was almost uncomfortable and then slacking off and giving him some wiggle room. One night he even got moved over to my section to replace someone who didn't show up and we spent most of the night talking about mundane things and just doing our jobs.

Most of the night, that is. I just couldn't let an opportunity like that pass me by without adding a little flavor of my own to it. I'd have hated myself in the morning if I had.

At one point we were just standing and waiting in case something happened, which was quite a bit of what we did there. Leaning casually up against a wall, I looked at the lad and gave him the slow up and down scan while he wasn't looking. I could feel a growl building in my throat and bits of my anatomy were stirring in a way which rarely happened at work.

"So tell me..." I said casually "What frightens you more? The thought that I might be serious about making you my pet or the thought that I might just be kidding?"

Without hesitation he replied "The thought that you might be kidding." As soon as those words left his lips a faint blush appeared on his cheeks and he looked away.

The noise that came out of me unbidden was a cross between a low chuckle and a growl. It sounded so sensuous that it almost startled me. I said "Good boy." then thought for a moment and quoted myself out loud. "Of course those were almost exactly the responses I had been looking for. It was almost as if I'd written this story line myself, it was so perfect."

His blush got even deeper and he had absolutely no reply to that.

While I did attempt to restrain myself at work (as much as I was able to, anyway), our email conversations were another matter entirely. Aside from the play time ritual I had given him another one to do each day before work. When he was finished getting clean in the shower I instructed him to get himself hard but told him in no uncertain terms that he was not allowed to finish without permission. When he was nice and hard for me he was to kneel down in the shower, look up at me (pretending I was there) and say out loud "Your boy is hard and clean for you, Sir."
