 Wanting to get in to better shape I decided to join a nearby gym. Moreover I was feeling the need to look at other men naked. With your experience you will know the type of young man I am. I am the one who spends longer than is necessary in the shower, stealing looks at other men's cocks. I am the young man who is slow to get changed, sitting there pretending that there is an important message on my phone while giving long, lingering looks, at the dudes standing, holding their towels, talking. I just cannot help myself. I just love the locker room and all those naked men. I know you will understand. 

You older guys will have noticed younger men like me. You may even have behaved in the same way in the changing room at the pool or at the gym. At first you can't help noticing the different shapes and sizes of other men you see naked. Some you admire and some you are wary of but eventually you see guys with great bodies and you wish you were built the same way. 

Oh to be a little taller, a little stronger! Wouldn't you love to have a hairy chest and thighs, a body to die for, a body that women would lust after and cream their panties over? Who does not want to have a body that woman would think about when they have intercourse with their husbands? Who does not want to have a body other men can't help but be envious off? I know I would have loved to have had a body that other men, in their quasi-homoerotic fantasies, would imagine was taking their sweet little wives in ways they could never do.

A man's eyes will always glance downwards to take a peek at other men's cocks and make a comparison with his own. Sometimes you will feel quite superior and this gives a boost to your self-confidence. On other occasions you cannot help but stare at the fine cocks and low hanging balls of better men and it can be depressing. 

What's for certain is that you carry the picture of those cocks and the men who own them in to your bed at night and accept it or not, you think about them pumping into your hot little wife or girlfriend. You may hate yourself afterwards but you get used to it until you accept it as innocent and normal. It just gets you hard, that's all. Eventually you can't live without it. That was what was happening to me.

What I could never understand about myself was the fact that if a saw another man with a beautiful circumcised cock, no matter what size it was or how thick it was, I could not help but think about it afterwards. I would masturbate furiously not just thinking about his lovely cock bringing my wife to orgasm but also picturing myself, allowing this stranger, to slowly seduce me in to his bed, where I would get my pleasure from serving him and willingly doing everything he wanted me to and I do mean everything.

I made the mistake of sharing some of my fantasies with my wife and of course she took advantage of this knowledge. She would tease me about this a lot in bed, especially after we had been out dancing. She would dance with other men in a most provocative and intimate way and when we went home she would tell me how they were so much manlier than I was and how big their cocks felt when they rubbed them against her. This would drive me crazy with desire and I would cum too quickly. She used to laugh at this.

How could I now tell her the most bizarre part of all of this? While at first I found myself attracted to the type of man I have described earlier something weird began to happen to me, which led me down the path my secret desires wished me to travel. 

I always took a peek at other men's cocks as it was second nature to me. I could not help but enviously admire bigger ones than mine, fatter ones than mine, longer ones than mine. I would imagine myself touching them with my hand, holding them gently in the palm of my hand, lightly squeezing them to feel them grow hard under my caress. 

I knew that if I held one of these beautiful cocks in my hand that I would want to kiss it, just lightly at first. I would want to trace it gently across my soft lips and give it little pouting kisses. If I gave it little pouting kisses I knew I would want to give it loud kisses as I sucked the end with my lips. That was the thing you see, that was what I could not confess to her. By this stage my obsession with other men's circumcised cocks was dominating my very existence. The age of the man no longer mattered. The shape of the man no longer mattered. The looks of the man no longer mattered. All that mattered was his beautiful cock. I longed for a beautiful cock.

I would not care if the owner of the cock were fat or thin. It would not bother me if the man was tall or short. It would not bother me if he had a beard or not. He could be really hairy or not. In my bizarre fantasies I would be for them what they wanted me to be. It was the sight of their beautiful cocks that enticed me, delighted me and made me want to be naked for them, to please them. Oh how I wanted them to long for me, to want to hold me in their arms and to make love to me with the lust and passion and desire that only men can have for each other!

The more I obsessed about cock the more I was willing, in my fantasies, to do anything with fat men, overweight men, dirty men who would just use me and walk away. For others I would lovingly play with their cocks, kissing them slowly before darting my tongue into the slit on the top of the cock head. Oh how I would linger there, sliding my pointy tongue back and forth as their fingers ran through my hair, showing me their appreciation for my efforts!

Of course they would want me to part my lips and open my mouth to let them in, and of course I would do so, eventually, but not until I had teased them mercilessly with my tongue and lips. Oh how I would suck on the big cock heads! Then I would give in to them and allow the beautiful cock of some beautiful man, slide as far into my mouth as I could take it, to deposit the creamy man seed that my tongue had drawn from their big manly balls. 

From here my fantasies grew until I was imagining myself dressing for this stranger, letting him use me as if I were a little girl and allowing him to penetrate me because that was what he would want to do to me and I would end up loving this just as much as he did. I just knew I would.

Let's not pretend that we don't know where this story is going to take us. There is not a man alive who hasn't looked enviously at the physique of another man. 

It was my fourth time to the gym in 10 days and I was looking forward to a long hot lingering shower. I worked out on my own but I just used the machines with very light weights. I had been in the crowded communal showers for about 10 minutes and had taken a good look at some of the muscular, hairy guys. I had seen a few nice cocks to keep me going. 

There were a couple of older guys who had caught my attention. One in particular had entered my fantasies in a big way. I just found him so sexy to look at. I didn't want to want him but I didn't fight it either. He quickly began to dominate my fantasy life. I don't understand how this came to be, it just happened. He came in to my mind every time I touched myself and I looked forward to seeing him naked with each visit I made to the gym 

His cock was not huge but it was a beautiful, heavy looking, circumcised one, with a beautiful, purple head that drew the eye. I secretly envied his cock and longed to touch it. Then I saw him, again. He stood tall and I observed that he looked me up and down. I looked at his cock and thought how nice and fat his cock was today. I just loved the big slit on his knob.

He was shaven down there quite a bit which made him look even bigger. As he was tall and strong, I was a little fearful of him and left the shower room to get changed in my usual slow manner. Once again I would think about him when I went home from the gym. If only he could have read my mind...

This is what I usually thought about him when I went home each evening after seeing him naked at the gym. This was my secret fantasy about this ever so sexy man. 

I returned from the gym and I take a shower then dry myself. I go back to my room and still in my dressing gown I open my special drawer and pick out a suspender belt. I feel excited and tingly with anticipation. I attach the suspender belt and blood begins to rush into my cock. I love the way the attachments fall down into place on my thighs, so does my cock. I select a pair of nylons. I prefer black, with seams up the back. My excitement continues to rise as I caress the softness of the stockings. I allow them to slide across my semi-erect cock and then I pick one and roll it up in order to facilitate a smooth movement up my leg. It glides over my smooth white skin and my cock is now hard. I love attaching them to the belt. This is so feminine, my very favourite thing. I feel so sexy. I repeat the operation with my other leg. I enjoy the sensuality of dressing. I straighten the seams once I have removed the dressing gown. I love the way the stockings make me feel. I feel like a girl. We all know what bad girls like. I feel like a bad girl. My cock is aching. I take a pair of panties from my special drawer. Tonight they were red. I want to put them on but I am too impatient and so turned on. 

He was there again tonight in the gym. Who you ask? Why, only that dirty, tall, hairy, well built, sexy bastard, with the big, fat, purple headed, circumcised cock. He stood in front of me tonight, totally naked; talking with the muscle bound macho men. His beautiful cock was a mere two feet from my face dangling there arrogantly and his massive balls hung low. I took a thousand pictures of it and stored them in my mind. 

His strong hairy legs; his jet black hair; his ever so hairy torso, his plump belly; everything about him excites me. I hate him, he is in my fantasy now and he uses me like a woman. I want him to. I let him fuck me as if I were a woman in these bizarre fantasies. He is a dirty man, a really dirty man and he turns me in to his little man slut, his cock sucker and then he tops me and somewhere in these thoughts I feel my orgasm begin and all I can think about is his beautiful circumcised cock and my stocking clad legs wrapped around him. He wipes his big fat dick on my stockings. He says thanks bitch and walks away. 

After a little while my fantasies return. Now we are sitting talking. I reveal my inner thoughts to him. Do you really want to know what I fantasise about when I look at you? I don't know where to begin. Your beautiful manly cock has fuelled my desire both night and day. You are just such a very sexy man, a hairy man, the type of manly man I always wanted to be but never became. 

Your hairy thighs and tummy, oh God, I just love them! You have probably guessed that I worship your big hard dick and last night I imagined you were in my bed making me play with it. You kept whispering dirty things into my ear and this turned me on. You told me that I was just a little girl with a little baby cock who wanted and needed a real man like you to use and humiliate me. 

The more you talked like that to me the wetter my little red panties got and when you pushed your cock head against my panties I pressed my panty clad cock against your gorgeous cock and you told me you liked that. You let me touch it too and as it was the first time I had ever touched another man's cock. I came in my little panties.

You were happy at that and gently pushed my head down and said "Kiss it for me baby" and I did. I kissed your wonderful cock lovingly, tenderly, hungrily. I began to lick around your cock head tracing my tongue up around your slit and finally resting it in your pee hole. You moaned because you like that.

I do this for you in all my fantasies and with the tip of my tongue still stuck in your pee hole I part my lips for your cock to enter my mouth and suck it in slowly as my hand holds the base of it tightly. Then my soft fingers delicately caress your big balls. I then squeeze your cock tightly and push all the precum up to the exit, slurp it all into my mouth, climb up to on top of you and let it all dribble between our lips. You can hold back no longer. You slip my panties aside and are delighted to find I am all sticky with lube for you.

Thank goodness he could not read my mind or see inside my head. I know I sound confused but that's normal, isn't it?

The place was packed, the way I liked it and there were cocks of all shapes and sizes every where I turned my gaze. Needless to say I loved the views. I had my phone out, as usual, was sitting naked, as usual, looking at men's beautiful cocks, as usual, when two guys stopped in front of me. They were continuing a conversation that had begun in the shower. One seemed to be a youngish college type, and he stood there with his towel wrapped around his waist, the other was that big strong guy who had his towel casually thrown over his shoulder, exposing his cock for everyone to see and admire. 

I was afraid of him as he was so big but I didn't mind at all that he was blocking my view of the others as this provided me with more opportunity to admire his beautiful manly form. As these two talked about abs and deltoids and other gym stuff, the young guy was dressing quickly and when he set his towel down to slip on his briefs I couldn't help but notice that his cock was semi-hard. 

I glanced at his face. He had a five o-clock shadow. Lucky bastard I thought. Every body shaves except me. While I was doing this, the big guy had walked over to a locker and still talking to the kid, he took out his clothes and hung them on the hook just to my right. The kid was now fully dressed and saying his goodbyes before I realized that this big guy, was standing naked only two feet away from me.

I could not help but notice once again the size, shape and girth of his cock, as it dangled above two massive and clearly outlined balls. My mouth went dry. 

"Hey, big balls," Some one called out and this big man half turned and saluted another guy, whom I could not see clearly. 

"Hi fatso," the big guy replied and, as his head was turned, I took the opportunity to take more mental pictures of what was dangling deliciously in front of my very eyes. 

I marveled at the care with which the pubic hair had been shaved above this man's cock. A little higher there was an area of stubble, before the brown pubic hair grew longer, unshaven and then blended in to the drying hair on his lovely belly. There was hair all over his strong chest and even around his pronounced nipples. I didn't dare look at his face for fear he would see me looking up and take it as a sign of adoring worship. 

Eye contact was the last thing I needed. Looking back down at the more interesting area, I noticed too, that even his balls were shaven. Was I ever envious of this stranger and despite his age, I thought he was a magnificent specimen of manhood, whose presence I knew I would be recalling once more as I masturbated later that night. It took me less than two seconds to think all those thoughts.

The big guy had turned his head back round and I was unaware that he had caught me staring at his lovely thick cock. Concentrating on my phone screen and ignoring what was in front of me, I became aware that he was putting on a string vest that he had earlier placed on the hook, with his other clothes. 

Weird as it may sound, a man wearing a string vest and nothing else really excites me. I loved to see my swim teacher like that and he was circumcised too. I think his cock was the first one I really noticed when I was younger and I used to wank myself off, picturing his purple cock head wobble beneath his string vest as he moved around.

As he raised the string vest over his head, I took advantage of his apparent delay to check out how his ball sac dangled and his big mushroom shaped knob wobbled a little. I love to see a cock wobble especially a biggish one like his. He pulled his vest down over his firm, strong body. 

"Fucked any body else's wife lately big balls?" the other guy, who had spoken earlier, called out. 

"Just yours, you little fat, hairy bastard," the big guy replied, turning half way round, giving me another opportunity to take more mental pictures of his cock head. Every body laughed even me.

"Cheeky little bastard," the big guy said, addressing me, "but would you look at the cock he has." 

I was shocked as the big guy sat down very close to me, naked from the waist down, his hairy thigh touching against my hairless one. His thigh was so much bigger and stronger than mine.

"I didn't notice," I replied but I did not move my leg away. I was enjoying the feel of his hairy thigh against mine.

"Well," said the big guy, "I bet you could pick mine out from a line up."

I was mortified and speechless. 

"It's OK," he said. "I'm Bob, but you can call me big daddy if you like, everyone else in here does, whether I have fucked their wives or not."

Relaxing a little I laughed at this and took his outstretched hand as he stood up and his cock wobbled again before my eyes. His grip overwhelmed me. He pulled our hands to within a few inches of his cock. My heart raced in my chest.

"Let's go for a drink little guy," he said, still holding my hand in his steely grip. "You have nice soft hands for a man, I like that." 

I just got dressed quickly, shorts, shirt, trainers, not daring to look at him. We walked out on to the street.

"Follow me." He said. "There's a great bar down this alley." 

I followed obediently, failing to notice the name of the bar we entered or the type of bar it was. The bar tender knew him and gave him a knowing smile. In the mirror I noticed Bob widen his eyes and put his finger to his lips. 

"I got you," the bartender said, smiling knowingly, and turning to me asked, "What'll be fella?" 

"A beer's fine," I said. 

We drank a few beers together shooting the breeze and he took every opportunity to touch me here, there, every where as he told me stories about the old days in the navy. I was relaxed, especially as the barkeep kept on sending over shot glasses with strange, strong liquor which we drank. I was quite intoxicated. I'm not a great drinker. 

When I returned from a trip to the John and there were three more shots lined up in front of my spot on the table. 

"Down in one," he whispered to me. "Got to keep up with the men, or they will think you're a sissy, Pet. We don't want them knowing the truth now, do we?" 

As he whispered this, his hand slid up my bare, soft, hairless thigh. I felt a rush of blood to my cock. He had me aroused with one touch. He applied a little pressure and obediently and willingly, I opened my legs to give him access to my now throbbing cock. I drank the shots one after the other and as his fingers explored between my opened legs.

"Call me daddy," he whispered. "Daddy saw you staring at his big cock, didn't he?"

"Yes." I confessed. "I'm sorry. Look, I didn't mean to, I had better go."

"Relax boy, daddy likes his new friend looking at his cock. Did my little friend like what he saw?" he said, stroking me lightly with his left hand. "I bet you really like it, don't you?"

I was so turned on and so nervous at the same time. My heart was thumping in my chest. My cock was throbbing to his gentle touch. He was seducing me in public and I wanted him to. I noticed that there were two other couples, all men, at the far side of the bar but they were not even paying us the slightest attention.

"Oh my God, yes," I whispered. I could not think straight. Why had I said that?

"Tell me what you liked Pet? Did you like daddy's big circumcised knob? I bet you did. I bet you want to touch it, don't you? I bet you want to take it in your hand and stroke it. I bet you would just love to suck it. You do don't you, you little cock watcher? Answer me!"
