 "Alex!"

I lifted my head from my binder I was grabbing, glancing up towards who was calling my name. It was James, walking quickly to me.

Demetri wasn't here today. I wasn't sure why. Maybe he had mentioned it but I had forgotten. What I couldn't forget was what had gone on the night before - That make out session was amazing, and it was also the first time I've ever touched another guy in a romantic way.

James grinned, leaning against his locker. "So, how was last night?"

"Fun." I replied simply, shrugging.

"Details, boy, details!" he grabbed me by the shoulders, giving me a shake. "I want to know exactly what happened, everything. And I do mean everything."

We began walking to class. "Well we met up in those trees at the park and--"

"The sex trees?" James exclaimed in question with sparkling eyes. "No wonder you seem so cheerful today."

I shook my head, sighing in annoyance. "God, James. Yeah, we met there but nothing like that happened. We just talked a little bit and..." I trailed off.

His eyes widened slightly. "You kissed him, didn't you?" he asked, watching my expression. My cheeks pinkened a bit, and he broke out in a grin once again. "Not just that, I'm sensing it was more of a make out than just a kiss, hmm?"

I was blushing, but I smiled and nodded shamelessly. "But that's it. Nothing else happened." 

"So where's your new boyfriend today, then?" James asked, looking around.

"He's not my boyfriend." I muttered. Or at least, I didn't think he was. Just because we made out didn't mean we were together, did it? I didn't think we just automatically became a couple the moment we kissed. "And I don't know. Maybe he's sick."

He rolled his eyes. "Sure." his tone was sarcastic, amusement clearly shown on his face. 


Demetri arrived during the middle of our second period, which was math class. He had been late because of a dentist's appointment, so he said. The moment he entered the classroom, his eyes fell on me. I felt my heart triple in speed, returning his sweet grin with a shy smile.

Of course, we just had to have to do a partner assignment. The moment we were up to pick partners, Demetri and I slowly found our way to each other. I was much more doe-eyed about it, looking around as if in consideration, while he just made a bee-line straight for me.

Before he even spoke, I nodded, smiling. We asked to go work in the hallway, then picked up our things and left the classroom. When we sat down, leaning against our lockers, I glanced at him.

"So, um... Where do we, uh, stand? I mean, with each other?" I asked awkwardly, unsure of what to say. I felt stupid, and my cheeks went hot, but I knew it was a question I needed to ask.

Demetri just smiled. "Depends on where you want us to stand." he replied, opening up his text book to the right page, but certainly not intending to actually do any work.

"Well, I, uh..." I trailed off, chewing on the base of the silver ring that curved around the left side of my lower lip. "Um..." I groaned. Why couldn't I just say it? "I want to be more than this." I blurted out, turning eighteen shades of red right after I'd said it. This was not a good idea.

His smile didn't fade. He seemed perfectly fine, even happy, with what I was suggesting. "Well, then I guess it's my duty to ask you out, hmm?" he suggested, chuckling. I remained silent. "Then I'll make it official; Will you go out with me?" 

Slowly, a smile breaking over my face, I nodded with a bit of reluctance. To be honest, I was sort of scared about dating a guy. I'd never done so before, and I wondered what everyone else would say. Surely they'd be fine with it, seeing as we were an open-minded and mostly accepting class, but I still worried. Maybe I could suggest not telling anybody. But whenever that happened, the person always assumed that it had been suggested because they were ashamed to be dating that person, which he wasn't.

The empty hallway was his cue. Demetri took no time to lean in, kissing me gently, though pulling away much too soon. The taste of his lips lingered on mine, leaving me hungry for more.

More so, I wasn't just hungry for more of a kiss. I was hungry for more of him. I wanted to feel him, taste him, in a way I never had dreamed of, especially with another guy.

But there I was, my eyes occasionally dropping downwards, lingering on his tight brand name belt and even venturing a bit further. I made sure to glance up quickly when he looked at me, making sure he didn't notice.

Half-way through class, he suggested skipping school to me. I grinned and nodded, and we quietly grabbed our phones from our lockers, before sneaking out of the school.

The minute we got outside, we exhaled and laughed. "We'd get in so much shit for this, Demetri." I commented once we'd gotten off of the property, and were bounding down a back alley, hand in hand, so as to get out of wandering teachers' sight.

"That's why it's so fun!" he laughed. We slowed down, swinging our entwined hands between us. 

"So true." I agreed, glancing down to our hands with a smile. I had barely noticed. I found it hard to pay attention to anything around him; I always got lost in those shimmering emerald eyes, falling deeper while tracing his gorgeous face with my eyes.

"You know," Demetri began, "that experience you're looking for could be easily earned right now." he said, grinning.

My face went red again. "Ah, I, um..." I stumbled through my words, trying to find some way to gently reject his proposal. I wanted to be with him intimately, but I didn't think I was ready for sex, if that was what he meant.

He laughed. "Kidding! But the look on your face was priceless."

"Good to know you find my embarrassment amusing." I muttered, glancing away from him.

His laughter died down, his smile disappearing. He stopped, letting go of my hand to stand in front of me. "Look, it was a joke. I'm not gonna rush you into anything. Okay?" he assured me, a look of genuine concern on his face.

My lips curved into a smile, and I wrapped my arms around him, pressing my head against his chest. I felt his arms curl around me, and I relaxed into his embrace. "I know." when I pulled away, I looked up at him. "I want to, I really do, but I'm just kind of scared, I guess." I said quietly, taking my gaze off of him again.

He put a hand to my cheek, gently turning my face towards his, so that I had no choice but to look at him. "It's alright. I'm patient." he said, kissing me before I could reply.

I was happy there, in that back alley. In his arms, our lips melting into one and another, tongues twining together, everything was perfect. Nothing could go wrong, nothing could spoil this moment.


We went back to his house, since his whole family was gone on a cruise this week that he had opted out of. We were cuddled up on his couch, watching a horror movie on his flat screen T.V.

I had told him that I hated horror movies, since I got scared so easily. But he had insisted that I'd be safe with him, so I let my opinion be swayed.

We had gotten far into the movie. It was gory and probably the most frightening thing I'd ever seen - Even Demetri seemed to be slightly scared, jumping and flinching on occasion.

I was much worse, though. I spent most of the movie with my face buried in his chest, tightly held in his arms, my heart beating wildly - I didn't know whether the movie was causing this, or him. I assumed it was fifty-fifty.


Somewhere along the line, I had fallen asleep. When I awoke, I was by myself. I rose curiously, looking around. As I peered around through the huge house, I saw that the bathroom light was on, steam billowing from the cracked-open door.

I peeked through the door, my eyes widening at what I saw. Even though there was a glass door blurring out the figure, I got a pretty good look at Demetri showering, naked in all his glory.

My heart thumped against my chest, beating like the wings of a hummingbird. I couldn't drag myself away, especially when he got out. 

There he stood, glistening with water and fully naked. What caught my eye most was his cock - It had to be at least twelve inches, and it wasn't even erect.

My jaw dropped, and I held back a gasp. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. I'd never seen another man naked before, unless on occasion when showering in the locker room, but here I was staring at his manhood and having one thought dominating my mind; I wanted to taste it, taste him. I wanted to feel him in my mouth, to listen to him groan in satisfaction.

I was so engorged in my thoughts that I didn't realize he could probably see me. When I peeked back in, heart pounding, I was relieved to find that he hadn't. Lust took over me, and I had a wild idea of walking in there and dropping to my knees in front of him. 

The wilder thing was that I was actually considering it. Finally, I took a deep breath, and pushed the door open. Immediately he looked at me, with a slightly surprised look, but smiling.

I grinned seductively, closing the distance and pressing my lips to his before he could speak. I felt his cock harden, pressed against me, and slowly trailed kisses down his chest, ending up on my knees.

I leaned forward slowly, but his hand stopped me, gently pushing me back. "Are you sure?" he asked me quietly.

"Yes." I replied without hesitation. The obtrusion pulled away. As if discovering something that I'd never known existed, I slowly placed a hand around his now fully erect cock, looking up at him one last time before bringing my lips to the soft pink head.

Somehow, I knew exactly what to do. I didn't know how I knew - I'd never given a blowjob in my life - but I did. I bobbed back and fourth, swirling my tongue about to cover as much of the beast as possible. 

I even surprised myself, taking it all in my mouth without even gagging. I grinned lustfully as I listened to his pleasured moans, picking up speed as I continued. "Mmm." I giggled as I did, letting him know that he wasn't the only one enjoying this.

By the time I had gotten to my full speed, his breathing was already heavy. I was switching speeds, building it up and bringing him so close to the edge, but slowing down and not allowing him to cross.

I could tell it was sweet torture for him as he panted and moaned. I picked up speed again. At the last moment, right as he expected me to stop and torture him again, I sped up even more. That pushed him over the brink, erupting with a sexy moan. 

I swallowed down his load, surprised at the sweet taste, and pulled away from his deflating cock. Grinning, I looked up to him. He wore a satisfied smile, chest heaving as he breathed.

I stood up, bringing my lips to his again, preventing him from saying anything.