 Unending thoughts of the events of Bryan's party swirled through my mind for days and occupied my dreams at night.

As I lay in bed thinking on my experience, I would gently stroke my cock to orgasm as I went through the evening over and over in my head.

I remembered the absolute satisfaction I got from of all these people using me for their pleasure and the enjoyment of being watched as I did so. I had been used as a slut, but did not feel slutty for having submitted to it; perhaps oddly, I felt empowered.

Paul was coming back this weekend, and I knew I would have to tell him what I had done, about my submission to a group of men, almost all of whom I didn't even know. I'd have to admit him that I enjoyed it, and that I had thought of little else since. How would he respond to such an admission? Would I lose his respect?

I decided to write him a letter, and leave it in his mailbox to find upon his return. When he got back, he could read the letter, which would detail my experiences, as well as how they made me feel, and what I had discovered about myself and my sexuality; the letter would conclude by leaving it open to him on whether he still wanted to be friends, "which I sincerely hope you will."

(The letter I gave him was used to help recount the party for you in an earlier story entitled "Brian...More is What I Get")

Paul's flight arrived late Friday night; it was just before noon Saturday when he called.

After the mandatory customary pleasantries of the 'hello' and 'how are you' exchange, he opened with "Well, it seems you've been behaving badly while I was away..."

I couldn't tell from his tone if he was angry, joking, or just making a statement, and my brain scrambled for an appropriate response. "Depends what you mean by 'badly', I guess." I mentally kicked my self just as I finished speaking. Really, that's what I came up with? 

I stammered for something better. "I'm sorry. Especially if I have hurt you in anyway," I begged, "I don't know what we are, I don't know if you see us as an item, and I don't know how we define whatever this relationship we have is."

"I understand," Paul replied. "I guess we've not really chatted about that, have we?"

"Not at all, I guess," I countered.

"What would you like this to be?" he asked. Great, the ball was in my court now, and I realize I haven't thought this through very well.

"I'm not sure," I struggled, "I don't know what I want right now. I like what we have. We're friends with benefits; but I am learning a lot about myself sexually, and I am enjoying the discovery. But you've been so good to me, and I love being with you, both as a friend and as, um, a lover."

Paul chuckled, and I felt myself blush. "You want both, eh? You want me AND you want to follow your new found desire to discover yourself sexually?"

"Uh, yes?" It was almost a question the way I said it.

"I'd rather talk about this in person, really," he said "I've got some errands to run this afternoon, laundry to do, groceries. Why don't you come over here this evening around 7, and we'll talk about what you want, and what my expectations are, in more detail?"

"Okay, that's sounds like a good idea," I accepted. "It will be good for both of us to understand where we stand."

"I agree," he replied. "See you tonight."

We hung up.

At 7 o'clock I found myself sitting in Paul's semi-detached home on his sofa.

We engaged in a bit of small talk over a martini, mostly discussing his trip south, which he made frequently for business and to replenish his cigar supply. He was a part owner of some kind of resort. 

"About us now, " he began. "Do you know what a 'daddy' is?" he asked.

"A 'daddy', uh, sure he's a father."

Paul laughed. "Yes, but not in this case. A 'daddy' is an older man who guides and nurtures a younger man on his journey of sexual exploration; he provides encouragement, emotional support and direction."

"Oh, I didn't know that," I said honestly. This was an interesting concept.

"I read your letter, and thought about your experience. Twenty men? Really? You're clearly more adventurous than I thought."

"I hope you're not disappointed in me. Do you think less of me?"

"Very surprised, but not disappointed. So, back to our relationship; I have a suggestion. It comes with conditions though."

"Conditions? What do you mean?" I was worried he was about to propose we be exclusive.

"I will help you explore your sexuality; I'll encourage your adventurous side and you WILL experiment, but under my complete guidance and direction. I will use my finances and resources to help you explore. I'd like to be your 'daddy'".

"What do you mean by complete guidance and direction?" I asked.

"It means on matters of sex, I guide and decide; I make your choices for you, and you obey. In return, I will use my resources to ensure your erotic happiness. In matters relating to sex, you will call me 'Daddy'." He had one hand on my knee and the other was stroking my back.

The idea raced through my mind; I tried to see clearly what this might mean, but I couldn't. I knew I enjoyed sex with him, and he knew where I was at with my sexuality. He had money that could buy a lot of interesting adventures, although I couldn't imagine what one of those might be right now.

"Okay, I am interested," I said nervously.

Paul leaned towards me and we kissed.

"So I am your Daddy now?"

"Yes, you are."

"Then call me 'Daddy'."

"Yes, Daddy." I felt my cock beginning to fill as I spoke the words. He kissed me hard and our tongues found each other.

"Okay, let's see if you get this. I have to go make a call; while I am gone, you are going to undress, put your clothes on the chair, and wait for me inn front."

"Okay." Playtime.

"Pardon me?" he said sharply. He tone wasn't rude or angry, just firm.

"Yes, Daddy."

Paul went down the hall to the bedroom. I pulsed my shirt over my head, unbuckled my pants, and pulled my pants and underwear down in one haul. I stepped out of my pants, removed my socks, and folded everything neatly into a pile, placing it on the chair as directed.

I stood there wondering what Paul had in mind for our evening. My cock hung semi-rigid in front of me as I repeated the name 'Daddy' in my head. I wanted to get this right.

Paul returned from his call. He had something black in his hand; he held it by a handle, but it was wider beyond his grip, at least six inches wide, and extended about 12 inches in length.

"So tonight we're going to see if this is going to work," he said. "I am your Daddy, and you've been bad. Those twenty guys that you let have their way with you, that was before I was your Daddy, but you need to understand how this is going to be."

My cock was rising, then I noticed it was a leather paddle of some kind in his hand. I got very nervous, but I was frozen. "Yes, Daddy, I was bad. I'm sorry." I was starting to freak a bit. My cock began to decline.

"Turn around and face the couch," he commanded. I complied.

"Lean forward and put your hands on the seat of the couch." I hesitated. "Do it or we're done, it's over."

"Yes, Daddy." I leaned forward as ordered.

"Open you legs a bit." I did as I was told.

I felt his hand caress my ass cheeks, one at a time, the felt his wet finger run down my ass crack and run across my sphincter. He paused on the button, gently pushing against it, but not into me. Then his hand was gone.

That's when the paddle came across both cheeks at once with a smack. An involuntary grunt escaped me. It hurt.

"I'm sorry Daddy," I tried. The paddle came down again on the same place. Another grunt, then I felt the heat of the stroke left behind by the paddle.

The next stroke came down only on my left cheek, and was followed closely by an identical stroke on the right. He repeated the strokes; first the left, then the right. Left, then right. They hurt, and every strike drew a whelp from me.

Both cheeks had started to burn. "Please, Daddy, I said I'm sorry," I tried again. I had tears in my eyes. I was rethinking this agreement.

His hand ran down my ass, between my cheeks and to my sphincter. He must have wet the finger with his saliva, because compared to my butt, his hand felt cool and wet against my crack. 

"The first paddling is important," he said, leaning over my back as his finger played with the outside of my hole. "It's important because structure must be created, and because it might be the only paddling you get. Any paddlings after this are based on your ability to uphold our agreement; this one is to establish my control."

He stood up and brought the paddle across both cheeks. I whelped again, and he brought it down across both cheeks again. My butt was starting to either go numb, or I was starting to like it, because I realised my cock was hard and my balls were tight to my body. It hurt, but now it hurt good.

"You should appreciate what we're doing here. This will get us on the right track."

"Thank you, Daddy. You're right, Daddy, I want to learn."

The paddle came down on me again, and my cock twitched hard. I felt precum run up the shaft and start dripping off the tip.

Smack; another strike.

"Thank you, Daddy; teach me how to be good for you."

Just as the next blow landed, the doorbell rang.

"Just a minute," Paul yelled to the door. "Stand straight," he directed me.

I stood up and felt the wet of my precum tickle me as it ran down my rock hard shaft. My ass was burning hot, and must have been rosy red. Paul handed me a condom. "Open it and put it on here," he directed. I rolled the condom down the grip of the paddle as directed.

"Resume your position," he directed, and I complied. I felt a hand pull my left cheek over, and I felt the paddle grip, encased in the lubricated condom, against my sphincter. Paul slowly worked it into my ass until I could feel the paddle itself between my cheeks. The pressure of it entering sent more precum streaming from my cock, followed by a small burst of cum. 

"Don't move," he ordered, and headed to the door.

He returned momentarily, and there was someone with him. I was afraid to turn around and look.

The paddle was removed from my ass, causing my cock to twitch again.

"His ass is pretty red," I heard the new guy chuckle. Sounded like he might be from the Caribbean or something.

"He's learning to control his lust. He let twenty guys have their way with him at a party. He's going to learn how to properly please others and himself," Paul said. The paddle came down across both cheeks and a loud 'oh' escaped me.

"Thank you, Daddy."

"Stand up and come with me."

As I stood, I saw a handsome middle-aged black man undressing before I was quickly escorted down the hall...but not to Paul's bedroom, to another room I had never been in. The room was barren with the exception of a board across the wall at about eye level- with straps hanging from it, and two posts protruding from it. I was directed to stand in front of the board, and Paul strapped my hands in. He had me step away from the while slightly, and widen my stance. Then the paddle came across my ass again. "Yes, Daddy!" I hissed.

The new guy entered the room. "This is Wayne, " Daddy said. "He's here to fuck you with his beautiful cock. Your job is to enjoy his cock, to savour the fuck he's going to give you."

"Yes, Daddy."

I heard Wayne opening a condom. The paddle slapped across my ass. "Fuck him good Wayne." I heard Daddy say.

I felt his hands on my hips, then they pulled apart my cheeks. I felt lube drop into my crack, and he rubbed his cock through the lube. I hadn't seen his sock but it felt like it was a good size between my cheeks. Then the head pressed against my anus, and he pushed in. I groaned. He paused, then slowly pushed himself deeper and deeper into me. 

I don't know how much more he had to put into me, but he started fucking me with what was there. And I mean fucking me. No slow build up, it was like he was racing to cum. My fists clenched in the straps and I moaned loudly as he frantically pounded my ass. The sound of his hips rhythmically slapping my tenderized ass filled the room.

Wayne had started grunting as he reached under my arms and wrapped his arms up around my shoulder. This put him deeper into my ass, "Yes, fuck me with your beautiful cock," I called to him. "Fuck me as hard as you can, I want to learn." My face was pressed against the wall.

Daddy came over and squeezed my cock, and I was afraid I might burst. "No, please don't, not yet," I begged.

The paddle came down across the top of my ass. "Right now all you say is yes!" he directed.

"Yes, Daddy." He squeezed and released my cock alternately until a wave of orgasm rushed through my body and cum shot like bullets from my cock, hitting the wall.

Wayne continued to fuck me, and I felt my legs begins to weaken and tremble. Daddy unstrapped my hands, one at a time, directing each to grip the posts. "Don't quit," he ordered.

Wayne went on for a few more minutes, then pulled from me "Gonna cum," he barked. 

"Eat his cum" Daddy directed, as he turned me to face Wayne. Wayne pulled the condom from his cock and stroked it furiously at my face, when it suddenly erupted and shot streams across my face, lips, and into my open, eager and waiting mouth. I grabbed the beautiful tool that had just ravished my ass and sucked it into my mouth, draining every drop of cum Wayne had to offer. He pulled it from my mouth and slapped my cheeks with it, ran it though the cum, and stuck it back in my mouth. I sucked on it like I needed it to live. Right now, I felt like I did.

"Now I know you understand the rules," Daddy commended me, "You've done well, go take a shower."

As I left the room to head to the shower, I saw Wayne on his knees in front of Daddy, opening his fly and lifting out Daddy's cock. Daddy's going to get his cock sucked. I hope he has fun.

*****

The 4 prequels that led to this are listed under my profile, "Giganet".