 I drove down the road, heading home, my first time driving in a long time. I looked in my rear view mirror and saw the black Porche following behind. I finally got around to getting a vehicle of my own. It wasn't so much a car but a truck, dark blue. Initially my mind was set of getting a nice car, but when I saw the truck I couldn't say no. I mean, it just screamed 'get me' and that's what I did. It was a second-hand but had very few miles on it. According to the salesman, the previous owner bought it on impulse, and sold it soon after. 

I pulled into my driveway, Corey parking behind me. I got out and looked over my new toy. Corey came over and rests an arm on my shoulder. "Didn't imagine you getting a truck." 

"Yeah me neither, but I love it." I said.

"Does this mean I don't take you to school anymore?" He said, pouting his lips.

"C'mon, you live on campus. It's crazy for you to come here just to get me, only to go back to school. Waste of gas." I said. 

"I'll waste all the gas in the world to spend more time with you." He said, giving me a toothy grin.

"Sweet but no..." I said, turning around and headed for my front door. I went in and Corey came in after me. It had been a week since Corey told his family and his mom had yet to speak to Corey. 

"You and Zack seem to be talking a lot." He said, pulling me into a hug.

"Not talking so much as texting but yeah. He's pretty cool." I said, prying myself out of his arms.

"You are not going after my brother are you?" He smirked, pulling me back into his arms, spinning me around so my face was to his. I raised an eyebrow at his comment and he laughed. "Kidding. But I'm happy that my boyfriend can get along with my family." I wanted to retort saying that his mom probably didn't like me but I refrained, not wanting to make him sad about his mother.

"I'm going for a dip in the pool. It's hot today." I said, kissing him and attempted to get out of his grip, but he wouldn't budge. "C'mon dude I need to change." He simply smiled and slid one hand under my shirt. My hair stood as his hands ran slowly over my skin. He pulled my shirt off, tossing it on the floor before attacking my lips with his. I closed my eyes, opening my mouth to let his tongue in. I felt him slowly push me back, but I didn't resist. I heard the kitchen door slide open and my feet touch the wood of the back porch, our lips never parting. 

He broke off. I was about to question when he bent down and unbuckled my pants sliding them off together with my underwear. I attempted to pull them back up, knowing that we were outside and it would be a little inappropriate if a neighbour saw us. He swatted my hand away.

"What are you doing?" I questioned. Seeing him remove his clothing as well.

"What you said. We're going swimming." He said. Before I could process what he said, he picked me up and ran for the pool, jumping in. The cool water engulfed me, the water rushing into my nose made me feel like I was drowning for a moment. I found my sense of direction and headed for the surface of the water, taking a deep breath when I broke the surface. Corey emerged, laughing. I splashed water at him, but all he did was smile and swim over to me. "You don't need to change to swim in your own house." He whispered, lightly biting my shoulder. I wanted to say something but the only sound that came out was a moan, brought about by the amount of skin-to-skin contact.

I wrapped my arms around him, running it up and down his back. He turned his attention from my shoulder to my ear, nibbling on my earlobe. I felt myself getting hard, my dick poking him in the thigh. He claimed my mouth with his tongue once again, sucking on mine at the same time. By now he was rock hard, his dick standing at attention, pointing almost vertical. He thrust his hips forward, rubbing his hard on against mine. I moaned into our interconnected mouths. 

I was being pushed back, until I felt my back contact the cold wall of the pool. I moved an arm around his neck, deepening the kiss. My other hand travelled down and grabbed both our cocks, rubbing them against each other, making him moan with pleasure. He broke the kiss, travelling down until he found my nipple, which was just under the water. He bit it lightly, eliciting a hiss from my lips. I ran a hand through his wet hair, encouraging him to continue. My right hand around his dick started moving faster out of it's own accord.

He abandoned my chest, his hands moving to my waist, raising me out of the water and onto the edge of the pool. He sucked one of my balls into his mouth lightly sucking before it popped out of his mouth. He licked my dick from the base all the way up to the head. My hands, which were holding my upper body up, wobbled as his tongue circled my head. He took me into his mouth, engulfing me in warmth. My elbows buckled making me fall backward onto the floor, legs hanging over the side of the pool. As he continued his exploration of my member, I felt my body turning to jelly, a common occurrence whenever I received a blowjob from him. I felt cold water drip over my stomach and I opened my eyes. He had climbed out of the pool and was now straddling me, returning his lips to mine. I bit his lower lip, making him moan into my mouth.

"I want you." I muttered wrapping my arms around his neck.

"Ditto." He replied, continuing kissing me. I figured I wasn't specific enough.

"I want you in me." At this he stopped, looking deep into my eyes. We hadn't gone further than blowjobs so far and I guess he was taken back a little bit by my statement.

"Sure?" He asked.

"More sure than anything." I said. He smiled, lowering his head to continue his kissing. I felt him stand and pull me to my feet. He put a hand on my thigh, signalling me to wrap them around him, which I obliged. He headed back into the house, leaving our clothes on the back porch. I was thankful most of the water on our bodies had dripped off as he carried me to the bedroom. Once inside, he fell onto the bed, me pinned under him. 

"Do you have condoms?" he asked. I nodded, pointing to the side drawer. I had gotten some condoms and lube in the event that this would happen. He extracted the amenities, holding them in his hands, apprehension on his face. 

"I'll guide you through it." I said, putting a hand on his face. He waited a second before putting his hand over mine, holding it to his face. The warmth of our combined bodies was soothing. I took the bottle of lube from him and squirted a liberal amount of it into his hand, rubbing it over his fingers, spreading my legs at the same time. He took the cue, taking a lubed finger and rubbing it around the puckered hole. Slowly he inserted one finger, twisting it around. When he noticed I was alright, he added another finger, my face scrunching from the stretch. 

"You okay? I can pull out." He said, fingers already retracting.

"No." I stopped him. "Just been a while. Just give me a moment to adjust." I said. He kept his fingers still, not daring to move. I nodded, indicating it was fine for him to move. He pushed in again, more slowly now, not wanting to hurt me. I moaned and he added another finger. It slid in without difficulty, my body now more relaxed. "Now Corey. I can't stand it anymore."

He took his fingers out and grabbed the condom. He tried ripping the wrapper off but his fingers, slippery from the lube, made it very difficult. I took the wrapper from him and tore it open, handing it to him. He smiled sheepishly and slowly rolled it onto his dick. I took the liberty to pour some lube onto my hand, coating his dick with it. I guided him to my hole, positioning it at the entrance, my legs pulled up to my chest. He pushed very slightly, hesitating. I used my leg to try to get him to use more strength, urging him on. He pushed harder, pressure building up around the area. Finally, the head popped in and I let out an involuntary gasp. Once again he tried to pull out but I held him there with my legs. 

"Don't pull out." I said, closing my eyes, trying to relax my body. He obeyed, staying put. The pain subsided and I let out the breath I was holding. My facial features relaxed but he still kept still. "You can move. Slowly." I said. He pushed and I pushed out, allowing him to slide in. He took his time, clearly a little nervous. I chuckled at his innocence. 

"Sorry." He muttered. I opened my eyes and looked at his face, raising an eyebrow. 

"For?" I asked, confused,

"You chuckled. That must mean..." Once again I chuckled. He thought he was bad in bed?

"It's not that. You are just too cute, I couldn't help chuckling." I said, squeezing my ass. He didn't expect that, his mouth opening in pleasure. "Like that?"

"Keep doing that and I won't last long." He said, breaths coming out in rapid bursts.

"Move then." I said, putting the lubed hand on my own stiffy and rubbed slowly. He tentatively moved his hips, moving back and forth, sliding in further with every stroke. I moaned, encouraging him to move a little faster, it was kind of torturous how slow he was taking it. I felt his hips touch my thighs, knowing that he was all the way in. He stopped there, making me go crazy. "Corey, faster." I pleaded. He kissed me, not answering my plea. He pushed my hand from my dick, wrapping his fingers around it. He began pumping slowly, his hips moving in time to his hand. I sucked on his tongue, savouring his taste, running my hands all over his chest and back, my body needing as much contact with him as possible. 

His pumping increased in speed and my body shook. Repeatedly he hit my prostate, sending wave after wave of euphoria coursing through my body. My breathing rate increased. All the stimulation was putting me in overload. I tried holding back, not wanting any of this to end, although not very successfully. "I'm gonna cum." I cried as he buried his face in my neck. I could hear his ragged breath in my ear, his pumping increasing in speed. I bit my lip, willing myself some control but a final brush over my button sent me over the edge. I came harder than I ever had, spunk shooting between our bodies, coating out abdomens. With each squirt I squeezed my muscles, driving him over the edge as well. I felt his dick pulsing in my hole as he came, filling the condom. 

After we rode our orgasms, he collapsed onto me, removing his hand from my sensitive member, scooping up wads of cum on his finger and bringing it to his lips, licking it. I was still trying to catch my breath. He kissed me and I could taste myself on his tongue. His deflating cock popped out, he took the condom, tied and tossed it in the wastebasket. 

"That was fucking amazing." I said, taking deep breaths.

"You're telling me. I think I just had a heart attack." He kissed me again. "That was beyond words babe." At the moment I heard that word of endearment, my heart swelled. I knew it right then, although I wasn't going to tell him yet. I was in love. I was in fucking love with Corey Hanson. "How about we clean up and then we can head out for dinner?"

"Sounds good." I said, burying the feelings and getting out of bed, following Corey into the bathroom. We both got in and showered together, caressing each other's bodies as we cleaned ourselves. I kept thinking about my new realization of my feelings for Corey, wondering if he felt the same way, but kept it to myself. 

The rest of the night was strangely very nice. I mean we just went for dinner and came back to watch a movie, something we have done many times before, but this time was different. I don't know if it was my new found feelings for Corey or not but just being around him was bringing me immense joy. I was still smiling when we went to bed, Corey spooning behind me. 

The Sunday morning that followed showed no decrease in my happiness level. Waking up next to Corey was extremely gratifying. I got out of bed, leaving Corey to sleep and headed down to the kitchen. I made a pot of coffee and stood at the counter, thinking. My thought went from moving in together and even went as far as marriage, whether officially or not. I was pretty sure I loved Corey but I still had not idea of the extent of his feelings for me. So I shook the thoughts out of my head, not wanting to get my hopes up. The idea of everything falling apart in the event that he did not share my feelings for him was planted in my brain, and as much as I tried to burry the thought, I knew it was a possibility. My mood did a complete one eighty, going from happy beyond belief to depressed. The thought that I wouldn't wake up next to him made my heart ache.

"Morning babe." I heard Corey say, I looked up only to find him walking into the kitchen. I was so deep in thought that I hadn't heard him come down. 

"Morning." I said, a weak smile playing on my lips. 

"Something wrong?" He said, wrapping me in his arms and looking into my eyes. I looked into his and felt that all this worrying was for nothing. In them I saw nothing but concern and care for me, whether he loved me or not, I couldn't say but he definitely cared for me enough to push my sad thoughts away. I smiled, genuinely this time and shook my head, laying it on his chest, listening to his slow heartbeat. He kissed my head and hugged me tighter. "I'll always be here for you."

We ate breakfast and showered before sitting at the living room, watching TV. I assumed my position, sitting by his side, my head on his shoulder, his arm around my shoulders. After the morning news, my phone vibrated. I picked it off the coffee table and read the text. It was from Zack, "Make sure you guys are decent." I showed the text to Corey who was just as puzzled. I replied, "Why?" and waited for a reply. My phone vibrated again and I opened the text, which read, "Just do it. All will be explained soon enough."

"What do you think this is about?" I asked Corey.

"Who knows? Well he said we'll understand eventually so..." He said. We were already decent so we just waited, returning to watching TV. It was around half and hour later that my doorbell rang. Thinking this was what Zack was referring to I went to answer the door. I don't know what I was expecting but seeing the Hanson Family on front porch was not one of them. 

"Hi Kyle." Mr Hanson said, pulling me into a hug. Behind him stood Mrs Hanson and behind her was Zack, silently signalling that this wasn't his idea. Mrs Hanson gave me a little nod and I returned one. If she was being civil there was no reason I shouldn't be. Mr Hanson let go of me and smiled at me. I was about to ask the question when Corey, who had walked up behind me, beat me to the punch.

"Dad? Mom? What are you guys doing here?" He asked, apparently as clueless as I was.

"We'll explain that soon enough, may we come in?" Mr Hanson asked politely. I shook myself out of my shock and confusion.

"Of course. Come in, come in." I moved out of the way for them to enter my house. I saw Mrs Hanson, scan the area. "Make yourselves comfortable. Would you guys care for a cup of coffee or anything?" I asked.

"That would be great. Thanks Kyle." Mr Hanson said, taking a seat on the couch. 

"How about you Mrs Hanson?" I asked, my question made her stop her perusal of my home, to which she nodded with a small smile. I looked to Zack, "Coffee or soda?" I asked. 

"Soda. Thanks dude." He said, taking seat next to his father. 

"I'll go help." Corey said, following me to the kitchen. Once out of earshot, he turned to me. "Any idea what's going on?" 

"None, I just hope it isn't anything bad. They look pretty happy so here's to hoping." I said, pouring two mugs of coffee while Corey went to the fridge to get a can of soda. We returned to the living room where Mrs Hanson had taken a seat on the right of he husband. Zack, on his father's left was fidgeting with his phone. I handed them their drinks to which they smiled. Corey sat on the armchair adjacent to the couch looking at his parents, me taking a seat on the armrest. 

"So what are you guys doing here?" Corey asked.

"Well, we wanted to talk to you. We went down to your dorm and Scott told us that you had spent the night here. He gave us the address and here we are." Mr Hanson replied nonchalantly.

"Okay but why did you need to come down here. You could have just called." 

"Well your mother figured this would be best for her to say in person and not over the phone." Mr Hanson said, turning his attention to his wife, waiting for her to continue. She took a deep breath and looked at her son, her eyes occasionally shooting glances at me. 

"Okay hun, let me just say this. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry about last week. I didn't want to leave it like we did so I felt I needed to come here to say it." She stopped. There was silence. No one spoke for a minute or so before Mrs Hanson continued. "I want you to know that I respect your decision. I cannot tell you who you are, only you know. I'm sorry if I hurt you with anything I said last week. It was all in the spur of the moment and I don't mean a word of it. All I know is that you are my son regardless of anything." 

The silence returned. Corey broke eye contact with his mother, looking down into his hands between his legs. I saw a tear fall onto the leg of the sweats he was wearing. "Thanks mom." He choked out, holding back the tears. A tear escaped Mrs Hanson eye as well as she stood up and walked over to Corey, throwing her arms around him and holding him tight. 

"I love you." She whispered.

"I love you too mom." They held each other for a while longer before they broke apart. Corey wiped away the tears with his sleeve, chuckling as he did so. I put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed lightly. Mrs Hanson looked to me, her eyes still wet with tears.

"I'm sorry Kyle. For everything I said about you and your parents. You're parents raised a good kid, and I had no place to criticize that."

"It's no problem Mrs Hanson. What's happened in the past is history." I said.

"I would love to meet your parents one day." She said, smiling and wiping the tears away.

"Well you can meet my mom eventually if you want but I guess my dad is out of the question." I said, chuckling a little, trying to hide the sadness I felt whenever I mentioned my dad. Mrs Hanson looked to Corey who had apparently given her an explanation wordlessly. She looked at me, an apologetic expression on her face. "It's fine." I said before she could apologize. I excused myself and walked to the kitchen. I looked out the window and sighed.

"You okay?" Corey said, coming up behind me.

"Yeah I just miss him." I said.

"You know he would be proud of you. He would have been so happy that his son turned out to be such an outstanding person." Corey said, putting a consoling hand on my shoulder. I gave a half laugh, not saying anything more. "You sure you're okay babe." He said, resting his head on my shoulder from behind. I smiled and put a hand against his cheek, nodding my answer.

"C'mon." I said, pulling him back to the living room. "So anyone like a tour?" I announced. Sure I missed my dad, but I also had a new source of happiness in my life, one that could make everything better, just by being there.