 Chapter 3: The Finale

As I sat there alone on the floor, with my hard cock still throbbing, I wondered how I had come this far.

Just a few hours ago I had never even thought about having sex with a man. Now, I had been screwed in the ass by two anonymous men and just blown an almost complete stranger. The strangest part of it all, was that I liked it. This new role in my life, of servicing men, was very exciting. My hard cock told the truth, I must have liked it or else I would have been repulsed instead of excited. Not only had I liked it, but I was really eagerly anticipating my neighbors return. With my non relenting hard on, my hungry ass and a vivid imagination of what might happen next, I was really excited.

I scampered up to my feet and rushed to the bathroom to clean myself as I had been instructed by my well hung neighbor. Just as I was finishing washing, I heard my front door slam and John was entering the room.

In his hands he carried a tripod, a camera and a brown paper bag. Pulling his shorts off unashamedly and tossing them on the floor, he now stood naked before me again. He dumped the bag on the floor and as a jar of petroleum jelly rolled out, I watched him plug in his video camera and start to make some control adjustments.

His cock was still pretty thick and semi hard as he adjusted some settings on his camera. I really enjoyed looking at his manhood and made no attempt to hide my interest in it. As he fiddled with the camera, his cock seemed to swell and expand significantly, while I just stared in amazement at his prolific endowment. 

Making eye contact for a brief second, he just grinned at me and finally spoke, "I want you to take care of this cock with that sweet ass little buddy."

"Why do you need the camera?" I squeaked out, "Is that really necessary?"

John snapped back quickly, "Hey, if you don't want to do this, just say so."

Afraid he would change his mind, I quickly responded, "Well, no it's not that. I just didn't want to be video taped."

"Sorry buddy, but it's my way or the highway," he snapped back as he reached in the bag and threw me a tube of lipstick.

I kind of groaned and said, "What is this for?"

John replied, "You know what it's for. Paint those sweet lips for me. Come on man, it's going to be fun."

I didn't like where this was going, but as I watched his cock hardening before my eyes, my lust took over my better judgement and I found myself opening the tube and applying the bright red lipstick to my swollen lips. The technique was unfamiliar to me and without a mirror I had no idea what I was doing or even if I was doing it right. 

"No man, you look like a clown in the circus," he laughed at my attempts to feminize my lips.

My feelings were so hurt and I was so embarrassed from that comment. I don't know why what he had just said stung so much, but it did. I felt positively shameful that he didn't approve of my efforts to look good for him. Once I realized it bothered me, I felt even more embarrassed for knowing it was important to me to look good for him. I struggled briefly with these new feelings and ran to the bathroom mirror to re-do my lips correctly. 

Standing in front of the mirror, I laughed to myself and realized why he had criticized my lipstick application. I did look like a clown, even with my long blonde hair, smooth complexion and baby face, this was all wrong. I took some tissue paper, wiped it off and tried again. Much better the second time, not a bad job at all, maybe I had a knack for this.

Immediately, my face looked much more feminine. The slutty red lipstick applied correctly, made a lot of difference. I couldn't believe how pretty it made me look and got more excited as I realized, I didn't mind making this small effort and wanted to play this new role for my well hung neighbor.

Standing in the bathroom doorway watching my renewed enthusiastic efforts, John just smiled and squeezed his hardening cock.

"That away baby. I know you want to look good for me. Just slip into these for me too," he almost demanded handing me one of the brown paper bags.

As I dumped the bag onto the small bathroom vanity, out fell some black fishnet hose, a black brassiere, some clip on earrings, a bottle of perfume and some black garters. I just stared at the contents with my mouth agape, until John stepped out and closed the door for me.

"You got three minute to get ready, hurry up for me sugar," I heard him holler through the door.

The first thing I did was put on the stockings and straighten the seams. They felt so good and tight on my legs, kind of snug and taut, I loved the confined feeling. The garter was next, I pulled it up to my waist and attached the clips to the hose. Trying to get the bra on, I had trouble getting it snapped in the back and became slightly flustered. Finally I took it completely off, snapped the back, and then stretched it over my torso and got my arms through it. A couple of squirts of perfume, one on my ass and one on my neck, and the pair of clip on earrings later and I was ready.

I looked in the mirror and my first thought was, "I am so hot. I am so sexy and I am so feminine."

The only thing I really wanted at that point was real breasts, so that I could fill out this bra. I grabbed the roll of toilet tissue and started pulling off long lengths and stuffing them into the bra cups. Filling, molding and patting them into realistic looking breasts my cock strained and throbbed as I loved my new sexy look

"Hurry up girl, times up, get out here and let me see," John hollered at me through the door.

One last look in the mirror, just like a woman would do, I smoothed my hair into place and tried to look feminine. As I opened the door, I thought to myself that I must be crazy.

Smiling his approval, John said, "Hell yes. I knew it. That's better. You look like a hot little bitch. Now get over here and work on this cock. Come on slut, suck this dick for me."

John's cock was standing straight out and looked absolutely masculine and beautiful at the same time. He was really hung, with 12 inches of thick circumcised cock, it was everything a woman could want. I was going to be his woman and it was everything I could want.

I altered my voice to be softer and more feminine and asked him very demurely, "Do you want me to suck it first Daddy?"

"I love that voice you got, it matches that hot body. Yea, come suck on Daddy's cock," he groaned.

I feel to my knees in front of this hot man and began a process of worshipping that piece of steel from crown to base. 

John unsnapped the camera from the tripod, and as he turned it on and focused on my face and his cock, he leaned against the wall for support. I posed for the camera by tilting my head to the side and pushing my pink tongue out as far as I could and then winked at him. 

The first thing I did was place a big kiss right on that swollen knob. I made a special effort to smack my lips loudly in case he had audio on his camera. As I pulled away from the kiss, I noticed I left a perfect set of lipstick lip prints on that bulbous head. I thought to myself, that I was marking my territory. I had never felt so nasty and lewd in my whole life.

I totally dropped all my inhibitions and let my lust for a hard cock take over. Tracing my tongue down the sides of his cock, I made loud slurping sounds and smacked my lips provocatively as I stopped at the base and went to the other side. Back and forth, from side to side, I ran my tongue over the thick veins that strained to pump blood to the tip. I was in heaven, I never wanted this to end. This man owned me and I would do whatever he wanted.

"Come on, quit teasing me and suck it. Put it in your mouth. Go down deep on it," he pleaded.

Realizing that I did have some power over him, I ignored what he said and just kept torturing him. I flattened my tongue out and slurped on that spot of his shaft just directly under the knob. I knew that spot had a cluster of nerve endings and it was especially sensitive. I put my mouth about an inch under his tip, on the underside of his cock, and sucked that part of the shaft onto my tongue and lips. Loudly I smacked and slobbered on it while he groaned.

"Put it in your mouth. Put it deep in your mouth and quit teasing me," he demanded now.

Loving his need and desire for me, I just kept up the teasing. The power I had to make his lust need me now was overwhelming. He may have had me under his spell with that big cock, but I controlled his pleasure right now.

I still hadn't enveloped his cock yet and he was getting impatient for the warmth and tightness of my mouth and throat. I slid my mouth down the underside of his shaft until I reached his balls and tried to draw the sac into my mouth. As hard as I tried, I couldn't get both of those big smooth testicles in my mouth together. They were so fat and full, that it was a futile effort, so instead I just slurped and slobbered loudly on that sac.

"Come on bitch, I need to bury this cock deep. Quit fucking around and suck it deep and hard," he growled at me.

I could have played with it for hours, but I really did want him to enjoy himself so I decided to do as I was told.

Pulling my mouth off the wet balls, I knelt up straight and placed my red lips on the tip of his cock. I slid down so slowly and gobbled up inch after inch. He didn't know it, but I wanted to do this more than he wanted it done. I eased down until about 4 or 5 inches were in my mouth and sucked hard while sliding my tongue softly around on the underside of his shaft. For the next couple of minutes, I just held that shaft in my mouth and massaged him with my tongue. John just groaned and moved the camera closer to my face.

He seemed content now, so I used this opportunity to try techniques and see what he liked the most. 

While I held the shaft in my mouth I lowered my teeth to gnaw onto his thickness and gently applied some pressure. Not biting really, but just forcing the sharpness of my teeth onto the part of the shaft that was the deepest in my mouth, he moaned his approval. Holding his cock as deep in the mouth as I could, I applied and released pressure with the nibbles while each time backing off his shaft and getting closer to the tip. I didn't move off more than a quarter of and inch on each nibble and after about twenty bites I was right back at the underside of his knob.

As his shaft withdrew so slowly from the nibbling, I purposely scrapped my teeth over the top and bottom of his cock head. Not hard at all, just enough to make that sensitive knob throb. He shivered and shook, I had him right where I wanted him, I thought.

"Fucking tease," he screamed at me. "Turn around and put that face in the carpet. Ass in the air right now. I told you to go deep, and since you can't or won't, I'm taking over."

John mounted the camera back on the tripod as I turned around and pushed my girlie dressed ass up in the air. Knees spread, I didn't care if I was exposed or not, I knew he was over the edge and was dying to bury that 12 inches somewhere. My little frail body felt so vulnerable and sexy with this super charged horny man looking down at me. Satisfied with the camera angle, John knelt on the carpet and positioned himself behind me.

While I waited, buns up kneeling, John opened the jar of petroleum jelly and smeared it all over my ass hole and between my cheeks. His touch felt so good, so strong and so manly. I really loved him being the one in control. Take what you want, force it on me, just make me submit was all I could think of.

I felt the blunt tip of his cock touch my tender ass hole and I squeezed my eyes shut in anticipation of the upcoming pressure and pleasure. With the tip resting against my hole, he placed both his hands on my hips and gripped me tightly. As John leaned forward, I felt him start to breech me. My ass opened up with little effort and swallowed half his cock on the first thrust.

"Oh, fuck yea Daddy. Use my pussy," I blabbered.

John just held still, not moving an inch, and slapped my ass hard. The sting from the swat on my tender ass caused me to flinch and I accidentally shoved back on an extra inch or two. He must have taken this as a cue that I wanted more or else he was just punishing me for teasing him, cause immediately he started thrusting in and out quickly. 

All the sudden, he was going too deep and too quick and I hadn't been allowed enough time to adjust to all that cock yet. As he held onto my hips and pounded roughly into me I squirmed to pull away but he wouldn't let me escape. John rammed about 9 inches deep into my bowels and tried to force my hips down lower so he could get more in.

"Slow down. Please, slow down, not so fast. Let me relax some," I begged.

"Nope, we're doing this my way. You wouldn't take it deep in your mouth so your ass will do the job instead," he laughed.

As I struggled against his invasion of my ass, John muscled me around and just wore me out. He was so strong and so forceful. He gripped my hips so tightly that I couldn't pull away and then he just forced more and more cock up my ass roughly. I was locked in his strong grasp and he just kept poking in and out for what seemed like 10 minutes. These long deep strokes, pounding hard and fast, made me shiver and quake.

Punching in and out of my ass, I finally felt his hips touch my butt signaling it was almost all the way in. Despite the pounding my poor ass was taking, my cock was responding like before. I had that feeling that if he kept this up, I would surely spurt again. My cock was so hard and his manipulations inside my ass were really pushing my buttons now. Finally, I couldn't hold back anymore and just when I was ready to squirt, he stopped.

"Don't stop, please don't stop. I'm going to cum," I cried.

"Oh, so you like to tease, but you don't like to be teased," he snickered.

I knew he was in control now. As he withdrew all but the tip, I frantically tried to push down on his cock and fill my ass again but John just held my hips firmly and controlled his short and shallow strokes to a minimum. 

"You take what I give you bitch, I'm the boss here now," he taunted me.

John just slowly pumped me now, never more than 5 or 6 inches. He held me in position and worked about one half of his cock slowly in and out my ass. I won't lie, it still felt great but I wanted to be used hard. I wanted to be rammed and taken by his manly steel cock. 

"Reach between your legs and pinch my ball sac," John said.

As I stretched my hand back between my open legs, I nipped at his ball sac with my fingernails and he started to thrust a little deeper. I sensed that he really liked this and pushed my other hand up between my legs to double the pleasure on his balls. After just a couple of minutes of this, he was giving me full thrusts again and I was on the edge. 

John gripped my hips hard and said, "Don't stop, I'm there!"

His groin slammed into my ass and I felt him bottom out. He pulled my hips as tight to him as he could and jammed in every single inch. I felt his body twitch and shudder and his explosion began. As deep and as hard as he could pound into me, I felt the warmth of his first sprays begin. My cock trembled and jerked, squirting out spray after spray of juice onto the carpet below me.

For just a second or two, it seemed like a couple of each of our squirts were in unison, maybe not. I was just so spaced out and convulsing so hard, I'm not sure, but it was strong. John kept his balls pressed tight to my ass hole and ground out his last couple of ejaculations. 

As he finally finished with me, he just collapsed on top of me with his hard sweaty body pressing me into the wet carpet where I had just sprayed. This may sound crazy, but I still wanted more. 

I never sold that house, never made a nickel off of it. The next morning, John came over and we fired all the carpenters, plumber, electricians and laborers. John helped me finish the house or I helped him, either way it got done. In fact, I live there now and John and me get together about two or three times a week. I still have a girlfriend and yes we have finally had sex, but I prefer John and he knows it. She knows nothing about me and John, or my secret stash of lingerie and make up.

The moral of this story, you better be nice to your employees, or not.

Oh yea, I never found out who the two workers were that broke my ass in, but if they ever read this, well thanks.

The end.