 "Crazy day." Corey said crashing onto my couch. 

"I know right. I'm proud of you though." I said, taking a seat beside him. After the whole fiasco at his place, we had spent the afternoon just hanging out, getting to know each other more. I told him about my family, my dad and the house he left me while he told me about his parents and younger brother. His parents lived in Santa Fe. His father owns a small business in town and his mom helps. His younger brother was 16 at the time.

"Thanks. I'm proud of myself to be honest." 

"You should be. So what do you want for dinner? I can whip something up." I asked.

"What can you make?"

"Pasta." I said sheepishly. "Not really much of a cook. My mom and my dad were great cooks, which makes me certain that the ability to cook is not hereditary." 

"Well then chef, just call me your personal assistant." Corey said, getting off the couch and kissing me on the lips. "Is that part of the job description?" 

"Nope, but I'm not complaining if my employees go above and beyond." I smiled and headed to the kitchen. I got out the pots and pans that were needed and all the ingredients, which basically consisted of a bottle of pasta sauce and a packet of instant spaghetti. 

"You are such a good cook." Corey said sarcastically, wrapping his arms around my waist. I rolled my eyes and began boiling a pot of water. I then proceeded to get my pan heated up, Corey's grip on my making it a lot more difficult moving around. 

"You know I would be done sooner if I could move properly?" I said, taking out an onion and slicing it. 

"Are you saying you aren't enjoying it?"

"No but I would rather have my full dexterity when dealing with knives and fire." I said, continuing to slice the onion.

"Okay, wouldn't want my chef to get hurt now would I." Corey said, finally releasing his hold on me. I immediately missed the heat of his body behind me but I knew I had to get this done. There would be more time later. By this time, the onion was starting to make my eyes sting and tear. "You know if you didn't want me to actually let go you could have just said so, no need to be sad." He smirked.

"You know you've got a lot of lip." I said, pouring some oil into the pan before adding the onions. I blinked a few times for the stinging to disappear.

"All the better to kiss with." He said, placing kisses on my neck. I groaned. I wasn't a good cook on the best of days, but with him continually distracting me I was sure that this meal would have sucked, as much as instant pasta could suck for that matter. For the remainder of the time I managed to keep just enough focus to finish cooking, although I was bordering on turning around and ripping his shirt off. 

Once everything was done, I quickly plated up our food and set them onto the kitchen island. Dinner took slightly longer than expected with him continuously trying to grab hold of my hand across from his, not that I was really complaining. After we were done, I set the dishes in the sink while Corey went to the living room. I followed him and found him sitting on the couch, flipping through channels on the TV. I went over and lay down, with my head in his lap and he smiled down at me, which gave me butterflies in my stomach. We stayed in silence, no words needed at that moment, just the company that we were offering each other. As we watched TV, he ran his fingers through my hair. Without knowing, my eyelids slowly got heavier until they were closed.

I woke to find the TV still on but Corey asleep, my head still in his lap. I slowly got up so as to not wake him and looked at the clock. 10pm. I quietly exited the room and headed for the bathroom. I was half asleep but I felt strangely happy and I knew the reason for that. I mean it would have been crazy if I weren't happy right? After using the bathroom I walked back to the living room and sat down beside Corey and laid my head on his shoulder. I was certain I was being really careful but he still managed to wake up.

"Sorry, didn't mean to wake you." I said.

"Nah it's alright. I'm a light sleeper." He replied, putting his arm around my shoulder and pulling me closer to him. I buried my nose in the crook of his neck and breath. He smelt wonderful, distinctly him. I closed my eyes, savouring the moment when I felt warm fingers against my cheek. I opened my eyes and looked into his brown ones. "You really are wonderful." As he said this, his fingers pushed at my chin as he lifted my lips to his. He kissed me, ever so gently and I felt my limbs turn to jelly. The gentle kisses continued as he leaned over me, pushing me down onto the couch. He showed restraint this time, going for gentler actions and my heart raced. No one had ever romanced me like that before and I was enjoying every part of it. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer. I could feel the heat rising between us.

He abandoned my lips and started trailing soft kisses down my jawline towards my ear. My breath hitched as he nibbled on my earlobe. My bulge started to grow and I was breathing a little heavier. "Bedroom?" I managed to choke out. My brain was no longer functioning on a normal level.

"You sure?" He whispered in my ear, so softly I could hardly hear. My reply came in the form of kisses on his neck. He slowly lifted me off the couch so smoothly I felt like I had floated. I wrapped my legs around his torso as he carried me up to my room, planting kisses on each other all the way. I felt the soft bed on my back as he laid me down, pulling him with me with my grip on him. The kisses grew in intensity, both of us becoming a little more aggressive with our kisses. His hands roamed across my belly, finding their way under my T-shirt and running his fingers over my skin. The hairs on my body stood as each touch sent a small jolt through my body.

I groaned as his lips left my neck and found their way back to my mouth. My tongue begged entry into his mouth and he willingly obliged, opening for me to slide in. My hands found the hem of his shirt and slowly pulled them up, revealing his chiselled body, devoid of hair except for the treasure trail leading to his groin. My fingers brushed against his warm skin and he shivered. We broke our lips apart for me to completely remove his shirt. He leaned back down to resume exploration of my mouth when I spun rolled him over and climbed on top of him. I planted kisses on his jaw, slowly making my way down towards his chest. 

My hands ran over the ridges of his abs, my brain memorising every groove. My lips found his right nipple and I licked it, eliciting a moan from Corey. I took it into my mouth, lightly biting it, making Corey hiss. He moved his hip against my stomach, clearly needing some attention there. I smiled and slid down his torso, kissing the skin there as I went, stopping just below his bellybutton. Once again he thrust his hips, before I held him down with my hands. Occasionally I would run my hand against his bulge which drove him wild. "Tease." He hissed after my third pass.

"You want it?" I asked, placing my hand over his crotch and rubbing ever so lightly.

"Yes. Kyle please." He begged. I obeyed, unbuckling his belt and jeans, exposing the grey pair of boxer briefs underneath. The head of his dick, pushed against the fabric, struggling to get out. I pushed his jeans further down, before he kicked it off completely. "Wait, I'm almost completely naked and you haven't taken off a single thing." He said, which made me realized that I was still fully clothed. To satisfy him I took off my shirt and threw it in the pile of clothes on the floor. 

"Happy?" I asked, returning to his straining bulge.

"I would prefer if you took you're jeans off too."

"Later." I replied, my mouth millimetres from his dick. My warm breath against the fabric of his underwear made him sigh. Slowly I peeled away his underwear, letting his cock out. He was pretty big, roughly 7" long and pretty thick. I admired it for a little, the pink head was engorged; a vein ran down each side of the shaft. I wrapped my hand around it and slowly pumped it. Corey's head was thrown back onto the pillow, his eyes closed tight. I smirked. 

I licked the head, making him shiver. I could taste his pre cum which was salty and sweet at the same time. I licked all along the shaft, from the base to the head, making him shiver with pleasure. After torturing him long enough, I took him into my mouth. Corey's body tensed and he gripped the sheets on the bed so tight his knuckles were white. I sucked, starting out slow, taking him inch by inch.

"Oh god." He exclaimed. Finally, I felt his dick touch the back of my throat. I resisted the urge to gag and continued sucking. My fingers circled his balls, massaging them slightly. I continued to take him further into my throat until I felt the tickle of his pubes on my nose. I could smell him, his scent so strong. "Damn Kyle. Can't take it much longer." He said. His words spurred me to continue, I wanted to taste him so badly. It took me by surprise when he pulled me off of him. Without saying anything, flipped me over and climbed over me. "I wanna taste you too." Next thing I knew, he was pulling my jeans and boxers off in one motion. He engulfed me before my mind could process what was happening.

"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed. Whatever he was doing to me was euphoria. For a first timer he was fucking excellent. I mean there was some teeth and he couldn't take me completely but he was still pretty impressive, taking around 4" of my 6". His tongue made circles around my head, teasing the slit every now and then. I was dancing on the edge. I was going to cum any moment but I didn't want this to end. My mind was so focused on delaying my orgasm that I could hardly think of anything else. I fought but I couldn't hold on any longer. "Corey...I'm gonna..." The strain in my voice apparent. He didn't pull off, continuing his assault of my cock. "Oh fuck!" I shouted, shooting wad after wad into his mouth. He tried swallowing all of it, a little bit escaping his lips. I hadn't expected him to swallow my load. He continued sucking my cock clean as I began to soften, finally popping from his mouth.

"You taste good." He said, moving up my body to kiss me on the lips. I could taste myself on his lips. 

"You haven't finished yet." I told him, remembering that he hadn't cum before wanting to suck me off. 

"Yeah I did." At his word I looked down and true enough there was a wet spot on his underwear. "That was really hot."

"Yes it was. Oh my god, I can't even think right now." I said, putting a hand over my face.

"Well I think we should have a shower." Corey said, getting off me and heading to the bathroom. "Wanna join me?" He asked, a cheeky grin on his face. I followed suit, getting out of bed and following him into the bathroom. He adjusted the water temperature before stepping in, motioning for me to join him. I willingly obliged, climbing in after him. He held me close as the warm water ran over our bodies. I lay my head on his chest, listening to his steady breath. 

I felt him reach for the soap and started soaping us up. He lathered my back and I returned the favour. After rinsing off the soap, he pulled me close once more, kissing me deeply on the lips. We broke apart when the need of oxygen overcame us. He leaned his forehead against mine. "You are the best thing that has ever happened to me." He whispered. At these words I hugged him, really tightly. 

"You make me so happy you wouldn't imagine." I said, still keeping a vice grip on him.

"Ditto." With that we finally ended our embrace and got out of the shower. We dried each other off before putting on a fresh pair of underwear and climbing into bed. I lay down, Corey spooning me. "Goodnight, Kyle." He said, placing a kiss on my cheek.

"Goodnight Corey." I said. I was feeling so happy, I knew I fell asleep with a smile on my face that night.

I cracked open my eyes, the light coming through the window temporarily blinding. I blinked, adjusting to the light. The weight of Corey's arm hung over me. I could hear him snoring slightly from behind me. I wanted to just lie in bed but my bladder begged to differ. Carefully, I eased his arm off of me and climbed out of bed. After brushing my teeth and exited the bathroom, Corey was awake. "Morning." I said.

"Morning." His voice hoarse from having just woken up. Rubbing his eyes he asked, "What time is it?" I looked over at the bedside clock and mention that it was 11.18am. I went over to my dresser and took out a sweatshirt and a pair of pants, putting them on.

"Heading down for coffee." I said, leaving the room and heading for the kitchen. I brewed a pot of coffee. I poured myself a cup, took a seat on the couch and turned on the TV. I flipped over to the news channel and listened to the headlines. 

"Need coffee." Corey announced coming down the stairs. He had put on a grey t-shirt before coming down but, whether on purpose or not wore nothing but his boxers below the waist.

"There's a pot of it in the kitchen." I said, returning my attention to the TV. Soon Corey was by my side, a cup of coffee in one hand, and his other arm moving around my shoulder. I shifted a little, moving into a more confortable position and lay my head on his shoulder. I realized like this was a position I usually assumed whenever we sat together. Just as I was getting comfortable the doorbell rang. I groaned, pushing myself off the couch and walked to the door. I looked out the window and realized it was Mrs Kent.

"Hey Mrs Kent." I said, opening the door. "What are you doing here?" I moved aside for her to come in. 

"I was in the vicinity and thought I'd drop you a visit. Some company is nice." She said, stepping inside. She stopped when she saw Corey seated at my couch. "Oh but it seems you already have company." 

"Um...hi." Corey said, giving a small wave.

"Yeah, Corey this is Mrs Kent, old time friend of my dad's. Mrs Kent, this is Corey, my uh...." I searched for the proper word.

"Boyfriend." Corey said, finishing my sentence. I had intended to say friend from school and surely hadn't expected Corey to be so forward about it.

"Oh...I see. I...uh...didn't know..." Mr's Kent stammered. Finding out that I was gay probably was a bit of a shock to her.

"Oh you don't..." Corey said, his cheeks turning crimson. He turned away and stared at the TV.

"I uh...need to go to the kitchen." She said and walked away. I looked at Corey and he mouthed a 'sorry'. I shook my head signalling it was alright. I walked towards the kitchen to find Mrs Kent sipping a glass of water. 

"Um...Mrs Kent? Are you alright?" I asked.

"Yeah...just a little shocked that's all. You're father never mentioned anything about this to me." She said, downing the remaining water.

"He didn't know. I wasn't ready then..." 

"Oh." She said, looking at her empty glass.

"If you are...you know..." I wasn't able to finish my sentence, being cut off by Mrs Kent.

"Oh heavens no. I may be old Kyle but I'm not narrow-minded. Please don't think I am. I believe that you have the right to love whomever you want." I was relieved. Mrs Kent was so much like my dad that I felt, if she didn't accept me, my dad wouldn't have as well.

"You sure you are alright?" 

"Yes. Now that I'm over the shock, want some breakfast? Or I guess brunch seeing that it's pretty late already." She smiled. A genuine one that I knew meant that every word she had just said was true. 

"You're the best Mr Kent." I said, walking over to her and hugging her tight.

"Thanks dear. I'm happy for you too. I'm sure your father would have been proud of you. The only person you should strive to be is yourself." She said, patting me on my back. "Okay so go relax while I whip something up."

"You need any help?" I offered, even though I knew I would have been more of a hindrance than help while in the kitchen.

"That's kind of you but I can manage. Go on." She said, ushering me out of the kitchen to the living room. I resumed my position beside Corey and he looked at me. 

"Everything's fine." I said, knowing what the question on his mind was. "What made you be so forward anyway?" 

"I don't know I just...I don't want you to be something I hide. So when I thought she knew, I just wanted to say that out loud for someone to hear." He said.

"You are the sweetest closet dude ever you know that?" I said. He smiled and kissed me on the forehead.