 When I woke, I noticed that I was in my bed. Last I remembered I was on the living room couch, listening to Corey. My mind shot up at the thought of Corey. Was he still here? I got out of bed, heading downstairs, hoping to see the sleeping form of someone on my couch, but it was empty. The idea that the whole of last night was a dream raced through my mind and I hoped to hell that it wasn't. It couldn't have been a dream could it? It felt too real, but surreal at the same time. Maybe he just left early, I rationalized, finding any excuse as to his absence. I walked to the kitchen, which was spotless. No signs of used cups from the hot chocolate last night. The trash was empty as well, void of all signs of the takeaway dinner. I rubbed my face. Had it really been just a dream? My spirits fell. I had thought that there was something to look forward to now, but nothing had really changed.

"Did you really think it would have been that easy?" I voiced my thoughts out loud, a habit I often had whenever I was alone.

"What would be easy?" I spun around, surprise to hear a reply. The owner of the voice stood at the entrance to the kitchen, his hair slightly messy but still managing to look completely edible. The sudden happiness coursing through me made me smile.

"Where were you? I thought last night had all been a dream." I said.

"Bathroom." He paused, explaining his whereabouts. "Feels a little unreal doesn't it? I mean it felt good to wake up knowing that I at least don't have to hide around you." He said, walking over to me, stopping a foot away. Slowly his smile faded and he looked into my eyes. I could have melted under the gaze of those brown eyes, that looked so vulnerable but at the same time strong. He moved a tentative hand to my waist. I didn't resist, but I didn't move either, standing rooted to my spot. "You haven't answered my question if this means we are boyfriends." He said, his face so close to mind I could feel his breath on my skin.

"You didn't ask." I choked, voice barely audible. 

"Well take this as me asking then." He said, moving his lips ever closer to mine, closing the gap between them before they met. Neither of us moved at first. Slowly, he moved his lips against mine, and my lips, now acting with a mind of their own, opened ever so slightly. I felt his tongue graze my bottom lip and I opened up more. His tongue entered my mouth and I could taste him. There were hints of mint in his mouth and that brought me back to reality. I pushed at his chest and we broke apart. He looked slightly heartbroken. "Sorry if you didn't like it. It's my first real kiss." He said dejectedly.

"No, no it's not that. It's just...I haven't brushed my teeth." I explained. His expression relaxed and a wave of relief washed over his features.

"It's okay I don't mind." He said, moving his head towards mine again. I put a finger to his lips.

"But I do. I'd rather not have our first kiss with me having morning breath." I said, walking towards the bathroom. I stopped at the kitchen entrance and turned around. "And if you kissed like that on your first try, I would love to see what you can do if you actually get some experience." I said, turning on my heels and made for the bathroom. I pulled out my toothbrush and applied a fair amount of toothpaste on it. As I brushed my teeth, I felt a presence at the bathroom door. I turned to face Corey and he came up to me, wrapping his arms around my waist. "Ir tryig to bwuss ma teef her" I tried saying with the toothbrush in my mouth. I wriggled out of his grip and spat in the sink, rinsing my mouth a couple times. "What's gotten into you?" I laughed, before he wrapped his arms around my waist again.

"I'm just really happy." He said, laughing as he lifted me off the floor easily. He put me down and took my lips again. This time I participated more, seeing that my mouth was cleaner. Slowly he trailed his kisses down my jawline toward my ear, nibbling on my earlobe. "I want you." He whispered. I wanted to give into his request so much but I knew it was too soon. If he had just had his first kiss, he shouldn't be rushing to be having sex.

"I really would like to, you don't know how much I do. But..." With the utter of this word, he stopped, his head frozen by my neck. I pulled him up and looked him in the eye. "Believe me I really do, but I think it's too soon for you. You need to think about what you are doing. It's no small thing. I regretted my first time. Kept thinking it was the right person but turned out I was wrong. I don't want you to regret it." I said.

"But I won't regret it. Not if it's you." He said. I smiled and shook my head. It was a flattering statement but I know too well that he was probably thinking with his dick rather than his head right now.

"You might think that now, but you may not in a years time. I'm serious, just wait. It will be worth it." I told him. He stopped and stood there looking at me. "Okay?" I asked. He slowly nodded his head and looked down. I hugged him tight, putting my head on his chest, breathing in his scent. I felt him tighten his grip around me. "But there are still other things besides sex." I said planting a chaste kiss on his lips, pulling him out of the bathroom and up to my room. We stumbled in, not releasing each other at any point of time. We both fell onto the bed and erupted with laughter. I moved closer to him and put my head on his chest, listening to his heartbeat. 

"You always make my heart beat faster. Every time I see you." He said, looking down at me. 

"You have that same effect on me." I said. We cuddle there on the bed, just enjoying each other's company. I always felt that building a relationship was what made it last and I stand by that. "I always liked cuddling. It's simple but I think it create the strongest bonds in a relationship." I said, looking up at him. "It is especially important I feel when it comes to gay couples because just being together has more pressures than a normal couple would face. People discriminate, people hate. The world might be more accepting now but there will always be that little part that doesn't want to accept us. Creating that bond is therefore more important in my mind." I said. He looked at me and smiled. 

"You really are everything I could have hoped for." He said and I couldn't help but laugh. I put my head back down, listening to his steady heartbeat. "Who was it?" He asked. I turned my head to look at him, raising an eyebrow. "You know...your first." He didn't look completely comfortable asking the question.

"Just some dude. He confided in me that he was bi when I came out and we had a secret relationship. I kinda jumped into it and turns out he didn't really like me at all." I said. Corey's expression showed something resembling a mixture of anger and sympathy, the former probably more toward my ex. "It's okay though. I mean when he didn't want to be more public about our relationship, I knew it wasn't going anywhere. So I was prepared when the relationship ended." I said. Corey's expression changed at my words, now being slightly more nervous. 

"Oh." Was all he said. It took me a while but I figured out what was bothering him. I put a hand on his cheek. 

"You know I will wait. I can wait, until you are ready. Even if it takes a few years." I said. He didn't look any better. "If it's any consolation, I feel more connected to you in this past day than I ever did with him." I said.

"I...I just...A secret relationship is...I want you to be happy." He said and I smiled. 

"I am happy. I really am. I mean what more can I hope for. A day ago I thought that we would be nothing more than acquaintances, so I am over the moon right now." I said.

"Okay but..." He stopped, thinking about something. I just looked at him, waiting for him to continue. "If...you want me to...come out. I will, for you." He said. My heart swelled. That was the sweetest thing anyone had ever said to me. It was like he was giving a part of himself to me.

"And what I want is for you to take your time. I am happy as long as you're here, whether you are out or not." He placed a kiss on my lips, my lips tingling with every touch. I traced his abs with my finger, realizing just how defined they were. "Work out long?" I asked, my fingers still running across his six pack. He blushed.

"It keeps my mind occupied." He said, scratching his head. "My roommate says I spend too much time there though." At the word of roommate, I realized I didn't know where he lived.

"Where do you live anyway?" I asked.

"The college dorms. I like living near campus, it's just more convenient that way. Plus, I never really thought about getting a place." He said. My mind drifted, thinking that maybe one day he would move in with me. I wanted to ask but I knew it was a little early to be asking someone to move in, so I brushed the thought aside. "Speaking of which I may need to pack some clothes for tonight?" He asked. I knew it was just his way of asking if he could stay the night. 

"Cool. Mind if I tag along?" I asked. I mean how could I say no. 

"I would love it." He said, getting up off the bed. Moving me off his chest. I stayed on bed, not moving, missing the contact with him. "What? Change your mind?" 

"Nope, just...lazy. It's Saturday after all." I said, lying on my bed and closed my eyes. 

"Come on. We can grab some lunch while we're at it."

"Can't move..." I said, eyes still closed. I heard him sigh and heard footsteps back to the side of the bed. I had thought he was coming to lay back down with me when I felt his hand around on my waist. But before I could do anything, I was being pulled off the bed. My eyes shot open, thinking he was pulling me to the floor, but he hoisted me into his arms, carrying me out my room. "Okay okay I get your point, put me down." I laughed, as he carried me down the stairs. 

"Nah I quite like this. Maybe I'll carry you straight to campus." He said.

"Yeah sure, even you aren't that fit." I joked. A smug look crossed his face and I knew I had just walked into my own trap.

"Oh really?" He said incredulously. "Well then I shall use you as my weights then." He said, it took me a second to process what he just said when he threw me slightly into the air before catching me again. 

"Do that again and you are dead." I warned. He simply smirked and once again lifted me up, before I dropped back in his arms. I tried to struggle free but his hold on me was too strong. "Seriously dude, drop me." I said.

"Whatever you say." He smirked. My eyes widened, giving him a look that said 'you wouldn't'. But he did. I felt the arms holding me drop and I fell backwards. I braced for the impact of my back against the hard floor, but all I felt was softness. I surveyed my surroundings and realized he had dropped me on the couch. "That was mean." I said.

"Oh come on, you know I wouldn't have dropped you on the floor." He said, bending over the sofa and looking down at me. 

"Dude that was not cool." I said, on the verge of laughing. 

"Aww...hope this makes up for it." He said, before kissing me deeply. My knees went weak, an occurrence that seems to happen every time he placed his lips on mine. He sucked on my lower lip before brushing my lips with his tongue, begging for entrance. I willingly obliged, sliding my lips apart. He continued to explore my mouth as he moved his legs to straddle me. I got hard, not surprising when he was rubbing his crotch against me. He pulled away, allowing me to take a much-needed breath. His chest was heaving as so was mine. 

"Totally makes up for it." I said, panting. He smiled and continued to rub himself against me. As I continued to get harder than I thought possible, I could feel myself losing it. "Corey stop. I can't take it." I said, trying to move. He bent down and put his cheek against mine. I could feel his breath on my ear. I continued to grind against me. "Corey please, I don't think I can handle this." I said. It was true though; I was so close to ripping his clothes off and just having sex on the couch, but that felt wrong, like I was betraying his trust, although he was the one initiating it. He stopped moving and his breathing hitched. I felt his bulge pulse against mine and that sent me over. I came, harder that I had in a long time. He clung to me as both of us rode our orgasm. 

He slowly collapsed onto me, kissing me tenderly on the crook of my neck. "Sorry. I couldn't help it." He said. I couldn't speak. The last waves of euphoria slowly dissipated and I lay there. "Are you okay?" He asked, but I still couldn't talk. My mind wasn't coherent enough to put together words. He lifted his head and looked down at me. I closed my eyes, still unable to speak and looking at him wouldn't help the situation. "Oh crap." I heard him say before he climbed off of me. His warmth disappeared, leaving me wishing for it. I opened my eyes and saw him pacing the floor.

"What's wrong?" I asked, finally managing the words.

"I can't believe I did that. You asked me to stop...I shouldn't have continued." He said, rubbing his face with his hands. "I'm so sorry Kyle. I lost it. I..."

"Hey hey, I liked it didn't I?" I said, getting up and walking over to him.

"You did?" He asked incredulously.

"Well of course I did, why wouldn't I?" I asked, he was confusing me more than any math question ever could. "What's wrong?"

"Well you were asking me to stop and...I thought I had somewhat...taken advantage of you." He said, looking down. I couldn't help but chuckle. 

"You know what just forget about it. Let's go get your things." I said, walking to the front door, opening it and waiting for him. He took a deep breath and followed, walking out and towards his car. The car ride was quiet though. Every time I looked at him he seemed to be avoiding my gaze. When we stopped at a red light, I looked at him. He was gripping the steering wheel so tight his knuckles were white. "Hey you alright?" He didn't reply, staring at his hands. "If this is about back at the house it's fine. I'm the one who should be sorry. I almost lost it, wanting to just go all the way with you. I would have been betraying your trust." Still he didn't speak. A horn behind announced that the light had turned green. Startled, Corey drove forward, not showing any reaction to what I had just said. "You didn't take advantage of me." I said, a little louder than I had intended. Corey slammed on the brake, stopping on the side of the road.

"But what if I had!" He shouted back. "What if...what if you hadn't wanted it? What if I had gone further? Violated you?" He said, a tear rolling down his face. "I just got you and I almost fucked it up. You are the best thing to happen to me in my life so far and I shudder to think what would have happened to us if I hadn't stopped." He was shaking. Before I could say anything, he unbuckled himself and got out of the car, walking to the front of the car and leaning on the hood. I followed suit, walking up to him. I didn't know what to say. I was always the one that needed comforting, not the person giving it. 

"You would have stopped, if you knew I didn't want it." I said. He chuckled cynically.

"You don't know that." He said.

"But I think you do. Listen, from what I can tell you are a good person Corey. I can see it. Someone who is bad would not let this bother him that much. You got carried away, it happens. It definitely happened to me before so please don't let this bother you. It really was nothing. I liked it, a lot and if that is violating me then I would love to be violated again." 

"Don't say that." He whispered. 

"So you forgive yourself?" I asked. He hesitated but eventually nodded. "Good. Now let's go get some lunch, I'm starving." I got back in the car waiting for Corey to do the same. Soon he did, and we drove into town. We stopped at a quaint little diner and went in. 

"They have some good food here." Corey said, ushering me to one of the booths. It was quiet although it was around lunchtime. The diner looked like something out of a 70s postcard. A waitress came over handing us a pair of menus before heading back to the counter. I browsed it, settling on a simple hamburger. After the waitress had returned to take our order, she left for the kitchen. 

"So you wanna tell me why you were so affected by what just happened?" I knew it was more that he wasn't telling me. I could tell. It was best if he talked about it, to get it off his chest.

"Nevermind about it." He said. I glared at him, it was not doing him any good to bottle it up. "Fine...I just...I didn't want to be like your ex okay."

"What about my ex?" I asked. I didn't expect this. I mean of all the things what had my ex have anything to do with this. He sighed, I could tell he didn't want to talk about it but I didn't care.

"You told me that you broke up with him because he didn't want to be public about your relationship. Isn't that what I'm doing now? Sure I want it, but I can't do it yet. So after you said that he never really liked you, I felt like he was...taking advantage of you. Using you. I didn't want to be like that and I almost did just that when I..." He stopped. I put a hand on his, and he wrapped his fingers around mine. I was just about to say something when the waitress came back with our food. She placed them on the table and I uttered a thanks.

"Asshole." I muttered. Corey looked up at me, thinking I was referring to him. "First he makes a horrible ex boyfriend and now he's making life difficult for my current boyfriend. The jerk." I said. Corey laughed slightly. "And for the record, you are nothing like him." I said.

"How so?" He asked, finally looking a little more cheerful.

"Well first of all, when I said he didn't want to be public about our relationship, I really meant at all. He didn't want to be associated with me when there were others around. Didn't act like a friend or whatever. He basically treated me like a stranger outside. And secondly, on the very rare occasion that he did hang around with me outside, he wouldn't be caught dead holding my hand when a waitress walked over." I said, raising our hands that were together. He blushed but didn't release his grip. "So yeah, you are nothing like him, so stop beating yourself up about this okay?" I asked. He nodded. He just stared at me, not moving. "Um...Corey, can you let go of my hand?" I asked.

"Wait why? I like it." He said, looking slightly confused.

"I like it too but I need my hand to eat." I said, referring to our food sitting in front of us. He looked down at his food and quickly released him grip, muttering an embarrassed 'oh'. I chuckled and ate my food. After completing our meal, we headed toward campus to get his stuff from his dorm. He stopped at the parking lot and was about to get out when I stopped him.

"Okay seeing that you have a roommate, we need to avoid the awkward questions that might arise." I said.

"Awkward questions?" He asked.

"Well bringing a new 'friend' back to your dorm after being missing the previous night does raise a few questions. Personal experience has taught me that getting the story sorted helps prevent awkward circumstances from arising." I explained.

"You really think about everything don't you?" He asked but I just shrugged at his statement.

"So let's get this straight. I am a friend from school and you crashed at my place last night when you fell asleep on my couch yesterday after playing video games. Innocent enough. So you're clear on the plan?" I asked. He nodded and gave me a simple kiss. With that we headed towards the dorm up to his room

He stopped in front of a door, which I assumed was his room. He stood there waiting and I knew what he was thinking. "Just act like you do always. Just pretend I'm nothing but another friend and he will not suspect anything." He took a deep breath and opened the door. 
