 Editor's Note; story contains nonconconsentual situations.

I would like to start by saying I am new to writing so I hope you don't judge me too hard on my literary naivety. Nor am I experienced in Bondage or Master Slave relationships. This story is pure fantasy from my part and is about what I find erotic and stimulating. Please bear this in mind when reading the story. I hope you find it as stimulating reading as I did writing it. 

*

I have never considered myself as straight or gay, I just don't know. I guess I just go with the norm, you know, it's expected of you to be with the opposite sex.

Let me start by introducing myself, my name is Daniel. I'm about five foot six inches, eighteen and very skinny and always have been. I have fairly short brown hair and some people say slightly feminine looks. I'm extremely shy around just about everyone and don't have many friends. I'm fanatical about star wars, dungeon and dragons and Marvel comics. Yep, you guessed it, I'm a geek. You have probably also guessed (correctly) that I get bullied a lot at school, by both sex's. I'm weak, physically and mentally. High school was hell for me. My father died when I was just 5 and my mother raised me on her own. She was very protective of me often fighting my battles for me at school, that just seemed make things worse, so I stopped telling her when I got in trouble.

It's hot in class today. The country's going through a freak heatwave and all the windows are open to try and keep the room cool, it isn't working. Everybody in the class are there fanning themselves with books or what ever they can find to keep themselves cool. This lesson is media studies which I quite enjoy but the heat is getting to us all and no one seems to be that enthusiastic today.

I'm suddenly aware that my cock is fully erect. You could probably put it down to hormones or my age, or both but my cock seemed to have a mind of it's own lately. I would pop a boner without even thinking anything sexual and today it's decided to come to life in the middle of class! I think I must have groaned with the frustration as several heads turned round to look at me. I look away from them and kept myself close to the desk so no one can see my embarrassment. 

It's thirty minutes later and I still have the boner, it just won't go down. I'm going to have to do something about it. Fortunately it's lunch break after this class so I'll head to the toilets and deal with it there. 

Theres a ringing in my ears, class has ended. I hang back and wait till every one has left before I pick up my course books and cover my groin with them. Even so it's still not easy to completely hide my arousal. This is due to me being very skinny, wearing boxers and having a nine inch cock. Put all these together and you can understand why my bulge is very prominent.

I make my way down the corridor towards the nearest toilets walking quite briskly, when suddenly as I round a corner I bump into Shane Anderson and Joe McNeil, I freeze knowing what was about to happen next.

Shane and Joe are out and out bullies, they love to torment me, stealing my books, roughing me up and generally reducing me to tears. They would actively seek me out to have some what they call fun with me, often waiting after college at the gates or somewhere along my route home. How they found out where I live I'll never know, they must have followed me one time. Shane is tall, around six foot and sports a swimmers build, his strong arms are more than a match for my weak body. He's handsome too, with a cropped hair and slight wispy beard. Joe on the other hand is much thinner, not as skinny as me but not far off. The ginger mop on his head looks like it has never seen a comb or brush his entire life. His face isn't what you'd call handsome but more cute with a pointed upturned nose and freckles. He is fairly scruffy too always wearing a hoodie and trackies.

"Hey look, it's the weed," Shane announces.

"Hey weed, where you off to in a hurry?" he asks. I back away nervously. I know they won't try any thing here as there are too many people around.

"I think he's going to start crying again," Joe says.

"Leave me alone," I manage to squeak out.

"Not until you tell us where you're going?" Shane booms and precedes to knock the books out of my hand. As he does so the books scatter on the floor and his hand catches my erection causing it to bounce in under the fabric of my trousers.

"What the fuck!" I hear Joe say. 

I've had enough. I quickly pick up my books, expecting them to grab me but they seem to be frozen. I take my opportunity and run past them.

I run round a corner and into the nearest toilets, hoping they didn't see me. God damn, my cock is still rock hard! I make my way into a cubicle and wait for the sound of the door to open. Ten minutes pass and it's still quiet, I relax but my cock still has other ideas. I really do need to jack off now as it's really aching from being hard so long.

I drop my trousers and underwear, sit on the toilet and begin to stroke my incredibly hard cock, I have never known it get this hard before. I'm very close now and can feel my cum building up in my groin. Suddenly I hear the toilet door open and I freeze, I listen intently but apart from a dripping tap I can't hear a thing. I wait a while but still everything is quiet. To make sure I bend down and look under the stalls but I can't see any feet, there's no one in here, I breathe a sigh of relief.

I stand up and face the toilet bowl not wanting to cum over my clothes and stroke my cock. I hear a crash.

"OW! FUCK!" 

Someone's in the next cubicle! I look up just in time to see some fingers on the top of the divider disappear, then the sound of footsteps running and the toilet door opening. Someone was watching me! My heart start's racing and I feel panic wash over me. What if they report me? Shit, I would be in serious trouble. I quickly pull up my pants and my trousers and gingerly open the cubicle door. I look around but it's all quiet so I walk out and look in the next cubicle, there's no one there. As I exit the toilets I look down the corridor, everything seems normal. Other students mill around going from room to room or just chatting to friends. No body looks at me and I sort of feel a little relieved.

For the rest of that day during class I can't help thinking about what had happened. The very Idea that someone had seen my cock aroused me getting me hard. I can't stop thinking about it. It was obviously a boy, it happened in the boy's toilets. What would it be like to have another boy watch me wank? What would it be like to watch another boy wank? What would it be like to wank each other? OH FUCK! Am I gay??? Stop it Daniel! Get a grip on yourself, get back to the lesson. I can't, my imagination is running away with me and so are my hormones.

The final bell rings and all the other students head off home but I have an evening class to attend. When I arrive at the class I find my teacher has taken Ill and class has been cancelled, cursing under my breath I head home myself.

My route home takes me through some woods which are usually pretty quiet. I often fantasise about stripping all my clothes off and running through them naked but I know in reality I would never have the courage to do such a thing. I'm still troubled by my thoughts on what happened earlier. Maybe they have reported me but surely I would have been summoned to the principles office before home time. Thankfully my cock is now soft and I try to keep the thoughts of what happened out of my head.

I can hear footsteps behind me, running, coming towards me. Before I can react I'm grabbed by both my arms.

"Got ya!"

Shit it's Shane and Joe. I struggle but their grip is too strong. I'm scared.

"Get him over here," Shane says.

The drag me through some thicket and back me against a tree. They pull my arms around my back and tie them round the tree.

"What are you doing?" I cry.

"Shut up faggot! We want to see that big cock of yours," Joe says.

"Why don't we blindfold him?" I Shane suggests.

"No, please don't," I plead panicking.

Joe removes my school tie and wraps it round my head. I try to shake my head to stop him but his grip is too strong. I can't see a thing. I feel my shirt being tugged out my trousers and unbuttoned. At the same time my belt buckle is undone, my trousers unzipped and soon they are around my ankles. I hope to god I don't get a boner. Fingers are now prying under the waistband of my boxers and soon they are around my ankles. A cool breeze blows around my exposed groin causing my testicles to retract and I suddenly feel extremely exposed.

"It doesn't look that big," I hear Joe say.

"He's not hard yet," Shane replies.

I feel fingers stroke my cock and it begins to spring to life.

"Please stop," I plead.

"Fuck man, what are you doing? Dude you're playing with his cock" I hear Joe giggle.

"I want to see it hard," Shane says.

I hate what is happening yet his touch is soft and sensual and soon my cock is rock hard.

"Wow that's huge," Shane says.

"Fuck yeah, wank him off man lets see him shoot," Joe suggests.

I feel my cock being tugged and I groan in protest.

"Please don't," I keep pleading but they're not listening.

I can't believe how quickly my orgasm is building, I try to stifle it but it's out of my control. My body starts to shake and every muscle in my body tenses.

"Urrrrghhhh fuck!" I cry as my cock spasms and I shoot my load.

"FUCK YEAH!" I hear Shane shout, "Oh man that's awesome!"

I keep spurting as Shane keeps wanking me.

"Did you see how far he shot?" Joe asks.

"Yeah man, fucking awesome!" Shane replies.

"That's made me harder than wood," Joe says.

"Fuck! Someones coming!" I hear Shane say, "Run!"

I protest, "No don't leave me here, wait!"

But I hear their footsteps running off into the distance. Everything goes quiet and I suddenly feel really vulnerable. I hear a twig break and footsteps move towards me, my heart begins to race.

"Hello?" I call out.

"Well, well, what do we have here?" I hear a voice say.

He sounds mature, his voice is deep, silky and smooth, I shiver.

"Hey Mr, can you help me?" I ask.

"Who did this to you?" He asked.

I didn't want him to know I was being bullied so I say, "Some boy's were just fooling around."

"Well young man," he says, "you're just what I've been looking for so please forgive me for this."

Forgive him for what? I feel an almighty thud on my head.

***

It's dark, my head hurts. Ow! My head really hurts. I open my eyes but it's still dark, I can feel something over my eyes, I feel groggy. Where am I? Got to pull this thing off my face but I can't move my arms. What the fuck? I pull again, I hear the rattle of chains. Suddenly I'm completely awake, panic sets in. Oh my god! I'm tied up!

I begin to scream but it sounds muffled, my mouth feels full. Huh? Something is in my mouth stopping any sound from coming out. It feels round like someone has put a cricket ball there. I begin to pull frantically at the chains. my arms are above my head, I can feel something around my wrists. I explore with my fingers and can feel leather and the cold hard steel of the chains. I realise that I'm hanging by them and my arms are aching. I can feel the floor beneath my feet so I push down and soon I'm standing, my arms welcoming some relief. I try to pull at the chains harder but they stay fast. My heart's racing, my breathing sporadic, terror races through my body. I begin to cry, then sob, uncontrollably. I'm certain my life is going to end today. I think of my mother, surely she would notice I hadn't made it home and start looking for me, then I realise with horror that she wouldn't be expecting me home till late as I'm supposed to be in the evening class.

The room is cool and the smell of leather enters my nostrils. I hear the sound of a metallic latch, then the creak of hinges, followed by that same metallic latch.

This is it, I'm going to die.

I begin to scream, but the gag silences me and I frantically pull at the chains, lifting my legs hoping that would cause them to break. I'm suddenly aware of a presence behind me and my panic attacks intensify.

"No please, I don't want to die," I try to say.

I felt a pair of arms wrap round me and then the warmth of a body against my back. The arms hold me tight and a voice speaks directly into my left ear.

"Shhh, it's ok. Shhh," he says in a very low whisper. I can feel his warm breath on my neck. His voice nice, soothing even and I slowly began to calm down as he keeps holding me tight.

"Nobody is going to hurt you, just enjoy it," the voice whispers again. I'm still sobbing but his cooing in my ear and the warm embrace helps me to bring it under control. I want to ask him why I'm there, what is going to happen to me. His grip relaxes and I'm soon aware he is unbuttoning my shirt. I panic again and struggle but soon my shirt is completely open and he resumes his tight embrace. 

"Shhh, Just enjoy it. You're going to experience pleasure you never dreamt was possible," he whispers again. There is something hypnotic in his voice that seems to calm me down. He begins lightly kissing my neck and I feel myself slowly melting. I can't understand it. Here I am, my life in danger, feeling helpless in his arms yet warming to his embrace.

His embrace relaxes again and his fingers very gently begin to caress my chest. I gasp. His fingers begin to slowly trace a route from my chest, over my stomach and up my sides. To me it's a touch of terror yet extremely erotic at the same time, my cock starts to stiffen.

"Please don't, please stop," I try to say. 

I'm extremely ticklish and this guys touch is electrifying. I find myself laughing between sobs. Why the fuck am I laughing? His fingers find their way to my armpits and gently caress my soft hairs. I loose it and begin to buck wildly, laughing uncontrollably trying to get my arms down to stop him. He stays there not letting up. I'm screaming for him stop but it just comes out muffled. Eventually he lets up and his fingers slide slowly back to my stomach. I'm gasping for breath, breathing heavily through my nostrils. I'm alarmed to realise that my cock is now fully erect and throbbing and I know my state of arousal would be clearly visible through my trousers. His hands find my belt buckle and begins to undo it. My legs buckle, my arms taking all my weight and I start to sob uncontrollably again as I realise that I'm about to be stripped and possibly raped. I have no strength left to struggle and I begin to resign myself to my fate. The safety of my home, my warm bed, the loving arms of my mother seem a million miles away and I wonder if I would ever see them again. I'm terrified yet apprehensive and most definitely aroused.

Soon my trousers fall around my ankles and he's now at my feet removing my shoes, socks and then trousers. Once they're gone I feel him stand back up behind me and put his arms around me again. His hands then begin to caress my erection through my boxers. Oh god that feels nice.

His fingers trace the outline of my cock starting at the base and ending at the tip. His touch feels wonderful and I suddenly realise that I'm groaning with pleasure. His fingers pry open the waistband and slipping underneath they find my member. I gasp as the only hand other than mine and Shane's gently caresses my shaft, it feels wonderful. I'm in conflict with myself, why am I enjoying this? I let out a long groan and as he strokes. Soon my boxers are being pulled down my cock with them, the waistband passes the end of my cock and it bounces back up and slaps my belly hard.

"Lovely," he whispers. His hot breath washing over my neck, his mouth peppering my neck with soft kisses. Although I'm still sobbing it's slowly being replaced with desire and passion. He moves back down to my feet and pulls off my boxers, then I feel some restraints being tied around my ankles. My legs are then pulled wide apart so I am no longer able to support my own weight and I hear more chains. I try to pull my legs back but I quickly realise they have been fastened in place. I am now painfully aware I'm completely naked with an erection in front of a strange man that I can't see. I feel unbelievably vulnerable. The man stands back up behind me and moves, pushing me forward so my back is arching backward. 

Then man starts to slowly stroke the full length of my cock with his teasing fingers, I groan. His hand slides up and down the full length of my nine inch cock tantalisingly slow, sometimes pausing to play with my circumcised head. His other hand starts stroking my butt, his fingers finding its way to my hole. I start to panic again, I'm terrified, I think my most private region is about to be violate. I buck my hips but his finger is relentless. As his finger touches my tight hole it's like he had found a button that says "Press here to cum". My body shakes violently.

"MMMMM CMMMMM MMMGMGG!!!!" 

I convulse as the cum races up my cock and I erupt. The orgasm is so intense, bigger than I have ever experienced before, bigger than I ever dreamt I could have.

The man behind me speaks, still softly and still in my ear, "Oh yes, you horny little slut, I'm going to enjoy making you my slave boy."

What? Slave boy?

Suddenly I'm having visions of me being kept there against my will and never seeing my family or home ever again. I begin to cry, my emotions out of control. I have trouble breathing through my nose as I'm almost hyperventilating. I try my best plead with him, to let me go but all that comes out are muffled cries.

The man moves from behind me and I feel cool air on my back where his warmth had once been. He then undid something at the back of my head and I feel the ball gag falling from my mouth. I immediately cry out.

"Pleeeease, sob, sob, l-l-let m-m-m-me g-go, sob, I w-w-w-want to go home, sob, sob." I began to completely loose it, "I don't want to dieeeeee!"

Suddenly I feel his warm body press against my front and his strong arms wrap around my waist. There's pressure on my lips and I realise I'm being kissed. I try to keep my mouth closed but my sobs are causing my lungs to scream out for air and my mouth involuntary opens to gasp for more oxygen. My mouth is forced open more and a tongue enters to explore. For the first time in my life I am being kissed, passionately and it feels good. I'm still sobbing, grabbing what breath I can from his hungry mouth but they're subsiding. The kissing stops and he holds me tight, his head next to mine, it almost feels as though he is giving me affection.

"Ssshhh," he whispers in my ear, "You're not going to die and you will be able to go home soon, I promise." 

I pant heavily as he caresses my back and buttocks. I'm confused, my tormentor is showing me kindness and unbelievably I begin to feel safe in his embrace. Without realising I bury my head in his neck and he strokes my hair.

"But you are going to be my slave boy and you are going to do as you are told," he says "But don't worry I will look after you and keep you safe as long as you obey me. If you don't you will be punished. Do you understand?"

I feel hypnotised by his deep smooth voice and amazingly I do feel safe in his embrace. I nod.

"Good," he says, "and from now on you are to call me Master or Sir. Do you understand?" 

I nod again.

"Say it."

I hesitate.

"Say it!"

His tone more threatening now, I don't like it, it shocks me.

"Y-y-y-yes," I reply.

"Yes what."

"Y-y-y-yes Sir."

He lifts my chin and kisses me again.

"Good boy," he says, "lets continue."

He pulls away, I suddenly feel vulnerable again and I let out a whimper. Soon my arms are being lowered and I feel the blood rushing back into them, I didn't realise how much they was aching until then. He removes the cuffs so he could remove my shirt.
