 I had been in a long-term relationship with the woman who was and will always be my soul mate. However, things in the bedroom were getting quite vanilla and all of the animalistic sex had vanished. I was at the point of repeatedly either going without sex for long periods of time or ending up with sex that felt like she was performing her duty in order to keep me happy. I know that the addition of children to our family had changed things and resulted in her being worn out most nights, but no matter how much I attempted to keep the spark alive, it just ceased to be a priority for her and as it diminished in priority, so did her overall sex drive. I'd attempted everything imaginable to change things – date nights, one on one vacations, even went so far as losing those few extra pounds and getting into better shape than when we first met, but none of it seemed to do the job.

After putting in the effort for a couple of years I finally decided that in order to keep my sanity I needed to find an outlet for my pent up sexual frustration. I began with an online dating site geared towards people in my situation and met a woman who was in the same situation as myself with whom I hit it off right away. 

After a few lunch dates, things were progressing and it was inevitable that we were going to take things farther. We eventually consummated the relationship and had a night of pure hungry sex, with her experiencing multiple orgasms. The odd thing was that either through feelings of guilt, or some other force, I wasn't able to reach orgasm. I had no problem staying hard and our session of sex went longer than any I had ever had with my wife, but I was unable to climax. I wasn't sure what this meant, but it was an odd occurrence that actually created a rift between us and our affair kind of fizzled out at that point.

After this affair, I was left wondering what was next in my sexual future and wasn't sure that I wanted to go through all the effort and risk that came with having another affair. While I had managed to keep the affair from my wife, it wasn't really what I was looking for. I was looking for a sexual release, but not looking to build another relationship – I had everything I wanted in my current relationship – except the sex. 

At this point I began to explore another possibility. In college, I had a drunken night which ended with my waking to a guy form the night before's party giving me a blow job. At the time I enjoyed the blow job, but didn't consider myself attracted to guys, so hadn't reciprocated. Over time I'd thought of that morning and occasionally found myself fantasizing about what it would be like to feel another guys cock in my hands or mouth, but never really gave consideration to actually going through with it. 

I decided that following my failed affair it was a good time to take a chance and explore this fantasy. I knew that it would be more likely that I could find a horny guy to meet up with for a quick encounter than it would be to find a woman looking for a quickie, so I started doing some searching. I met up with a guy I found in the local personal ads, but right away knew that I wasn't feeling it. We jerked each other off, because I felt bad that I was going to ruin the guys night, but I wouldn't do anything else with him. Although it was technically my first experience performing an act on another guy, I didn't take any pleasure out of it and don't feel it's worthy of documenting.

After this experience it took a couple of months before I got up the courage to try my luck again.

As it turns out, my timing was impeccable and the ad that I responded to in the local classified would become a life altering experience for me.

It all started with the ad's tagline – Free Massage. The ad was posted by a 56 year old man (20 years my senior) who was advertising that he would like to give a free massage to a willing participant and he boasted at being talented, although not a professional.

Something about the idea of being with an older man got me hard instantly. I liked the idea that he would be experienced and thought it likely that his maturity would allow him to take authority and control the experience. Needless to say I messaged him really quickly and then sat anxiously waiting for his reply, which to my pleasure arrived soon after. We exchanged a few e-mails to feel one another out and get an idea of what we were looking for. He came across as a very patient and caring person who was willing to try almost anything, but assured me that it would be at whatever pace I was willing to go. This was exactly what I was looking for and it wasn't long before I was sending him some photos to get a feel for his attraction to me. After exchanging photos and discussing our preferences, I knew that I had to meet this man.

It's not easy to find time away from my wife and children, without it going noticed, but an opportunity came up where I could sneak away after playing hockey to meet up with this mystery man. I e-mailed as I came out of the hockey rink and asked if he would be up for company and an instant reply from him confirmed that he was ready for me to come and visit.

I had a 15 minute drive ahead of me, and couldn't stop shaking the whole way there as I was nervous and unsure of what was going to happen. My cock was rock hard the whole way though, and I knew this was something that I wanted to go through with. When I arrived at his cottage I sat in my car and took a few seconds to catch my breath and ensure that I was ready to go through with it. I saw the inner door open to his cottage and a shadow appeared in the doorway that turned out to be the man who made me question all that I had every known about my sexuality.

I exited my car and nervously approached the door which opened slowly with him saying my name in a sweet low voice and inviting me into his cottage. As with any meeting the first few seconds tell a lot and this was no different. We didn't have to say anything, our eyes met and he pulled me in close to him and our lips met in what was my first ever kiss with another man. Up until then I wasn't sure if I would be able to kiss another man, but those thoughts were quickly dispatched and our tongues were inside one another's mouths within 10 seconds of having met. 

We remained locked in this embrace for a few minutes, kissing, breathing hard and exploring each other's bodies with our hands. I had never felt this kind of passion with anyone, females included, in my life and I was lost in ecstasy as the exploration continued. I grabbed his ass and pulled him close me so I could feel our erect cocks pressing hard against one another and then straddled his legs so the feeling intensified. 

As we continued to grind and make out, he reached down and placed his strong hand on the outside of my jeans, cupping my cock and causing a shiver to run through my body. This man was in charge of the situation and I was putty in his hands. I'm not sure at this point there is anything that I wouldn't have done to please him.

He slowly pulled himself away from me and asked if I was comfortable with everything that was happening to this point. I was so caught up in the moment that I couldn't even get a word out and just nodded to him that everything was good on my end. He suggested we go to his bedroom to continue our fun and this led to a quick walk where we shed our clothes and reached the bedroom as quickly as we could. Neither of us are Greek Gods, but in this moment there was no human that I had ever been so attracted to. His thick cock swinging between his legs was drawing me to him and within seconds of reaching his bed I had my hand wrapped around it and my tongue down his throat. While I had jerked the other guy off, this truly felt like my first time touching another man's cock and the feeling of his rock hard, thick and soft skinned shaft in my hand was driving me wild. 

We continued to make out and grind on one another. It had been years since my wife had given me this kind of experience, so I was in bliss with all the contact, touching and kissing. I kissed my way down his body and came face to cock with a nice thick cock that I knew had to be in my mouth. I enveloped his cock with my mouth and took as much of him in as I could, finally after a few strokes managing to feel his balls touch my chin as I got all of his cock into my mouth and throat. I'm sure my rookie skills didn't go unnoticed, but he was patient with me and seemed to enjoy the blow job I was giving him. I continued to bob up and down on his shaft, taking breaks to lick his balls and give them a gentle suck while I pumped his shaft with my hand. After a few minutes of sucking his cock, I started going back up his body and found his plush lips awaiting another make out session. 

We continued kissing and grinding into one another and many times my cock neared the entrance to his ass and I was tempted to fuck him right there, but I didn't have the confidence to do it or ask if it was ok, though I felt that he would be a willing participant if I was able to get up the confidence. 

As the making out continued he flipped me over onto my front and began giving me a massage, as he said he had to go through with the activity as advertised in the personal ad. He rubbed some oil on my back and I just about fell asleep as the sensation of a great massage overwhelmed me. He didn't leave any area of my body untouched and I loved the feel of having his cock rub on different parts of my body as he moved around. Feeling his hands on my thighs, gently hitting my balls as they went by was making my cock ready to explode and every time his fingers rubbed along my ass I spread my legs in attempt to let him know that I was willing to let him have his way with me.

The massage was amazing and he ended the session of my back by giving me an amazing rim job – something that I had never envisioned feeling so good – then flipping me over and starting on my front. The massage on my legs was driving me crazy as his fingers managed to repeatedly make contact with my cock and balls, but he just wouldn't go as far as caressing it, until finally he could tell he had teased me enough and that I was ready for more.

When he took my cock in his mouth, I was in heaven. I've never had a blow job like that and probably never will again. The feel of his hot mouth surrounding my cock was unbelievable and it helped that he had no problem deep throating my average size. He bobbed on my cock, using his free hands to stroke my shaft and play with my balls. Within minutes I was writhing under him and blowing a hot load into his mouth. I was absolutely spent after having the orgasm and almost comatose due to the extreme sensations that I had experienced in that hour of ecstasy. 

He went into the washroom and got a nice warm shower going for me, knowing that I had to get cleaned up in order to go home to my wife and kids. After the shower, I was in a world of shock. I had just had the best sexual experience of my life and was kind of scared at what was to come as I knew that my outlook on sex and my sexuality had changed in a manner of an hour. 

I was fortunate enough to meet up with the man of my sexual dreams another time after this, but unfortunately he realized there was a connection building between us and knew that he couldn't be satisfied with the occasional session of lovemaking (I don't call it fucking because it feels like more with this man) and put an end to our relationship. I hope that one day I catch him in a moment of weakness and that we can have another chance together, because there is more I would like to do with him and would have done with him if I had known that the relationship was ending. In the end though, he's right, there was a connection growing with him that I wouldn't have been able to fill and I'm just honored to have had the experiences with him and won't ever forget them.

This experience opened my eyes to a whole new side of my sexuality, but has left me feeling confused as to what's next.