 It was another yearning night; the hot sticky evening did nothing to quench my desire. There was one thing on my mind and I needed it bad. I needed it like a meth user needs to feel the rush when lighting up that devil's concoction. I needed it so bad I could feel my ass itching. The good thing was I knew exactly where to find it.

I dressed in my tightest jeans, the black ones that showed off my cock the best. If I was going to put myself out on display I wanted all the guys to see what I was packing. I wasn't sure if one cock would do it for me tonight. I slicked back my long light brown hair and waited for the cab I called minutes earlier. I knew I was going to get fucked so hard that driving would be a chore.

The bar I was heading to was dingy and just oozed raunchy sex. The actual acts never took place in Bears and Boys, the only gay bar in a five hundred mile radius, but everyone knew what they came there for, me being one of them. The three sleazy motels on the same block benefited from the club. Many a hookup ended in a romp at one of the three. On a Saturday night like this one it could be damned near impossible to get a room if you were too late and that is why I had the cabbie stop at the one closest to make sure I had a room for the night. Paying the greasy attendant I grabbed my key, room number 7, it was going to be a lucky night indeed.

I finally arrived at Bears and Boys and the shithole was really jumping. There were potential hookups all over the place and my cock strained in my tight black jeans at the thought of how the night was going to go. I went right to the bar and ordered a double Jack neat. The bourbon washed down into my stomach as I emptied the glass, the fiery burn a welcomed feeling. Ordering another double I leaned against the bar with my hips thrust out forward showing everyone what I had to offer. 

As I sipped on my drink I was approached by the only woman in the place. It kinda set me back for a second.

"I just wanted to say you are the hottest thing in this place!" She said to me and I thanked her for the compliment. Then I asked her what the heck she was doing in a gay bar.

"Well me and my husband are porn producers and we are always looking for the next big star for a gay movie line. And by the looks you could be it! So are you camera shy or would you like to give it a go?" The woman really had me intrigued and when she told me how much money I could possible make I was all for it. She told me they had a place booked for shooting to take place in two weeks time and handed me her card and wrote the address of where they were going to film on it. On the card was also the doctor they used to test for disease and she wanted me there early in the morning to get tested so they could get the results back in time. She also gave me five hundred dollars! "Just be sure to go home and get some rest, you are gonna need it!"

I left that moment a little disappointed I wasn't going to get some action that night but I knew I was guaranteed to have my itch scratched shortly and the thirty five bucks I shelled out for the dirty motel was not even a worry now that I had half a grand sitting in my wallet. So I called a cab and went home.

I woke up early in the morning of the big day and called the number on Julie's card and she told me it was definitely on at the address she gave me then asked me if I was well rested. I don't know why she kept asking me this but I didn't really care. I considered myself as capable as any slut out there; I would give them everything I had to give.

I arrived at the warehouse right on time and Julie greeted me with open arms. She was happy I didn't back out on them. She told me that a lot of guys get enticed by the money but when the realization that they are going to be filmed sets in most back out.


"I see you're ready though," she said as she grabbed my hard cock through my jeans. She then went over what the movie was about. I learned that there was barely any dialogue and I could basically make it up on the fly. The movie they were shooting was all about the fucking and she told me I was the one that was going to get fucked. I was to be the center of a gangbang and asked if I had a problem with that. 

"Hell no it has been two weeks since I have had a nice cock in my ass. I am dying to get reamed!" When I told her that her face lit up like the sun, I think the money signs were dancing in her head.

"Oh your stage name is going to be Tommy Taker" She said then showed me where I was to get ready.

I went into the make shift dressing room, nothing more than a cubical really but it had a little star over the door so it made me feel kind of special. All that was there were a robe, some lube and a note. The note gave me an idea of what to say although if I came up with something by myself they would allow it. The whole scene was to be me walking into a room where there are ten guys waiting for me. I take my robe off and basically tell them to come and get it. It all sounded pretty good to me.

I took the lube out and applied a generous amount to three fingers and then dug into my own ass. The feeling sent shockwaves to my nuts and my cock jumped in response. As I was fingering my asshole there was a knock at the door and Julie told me they were ready if I was. 

I walked into the room full of bright lights and saw ten of the hunkiest men I have ever laid eyes on all stroking there nice sized packages. I just let my kinky nature take its course and ventured my way into the circle of man meat.

"My ass is ready for the taking boys! Who's game?" I said and from the corner of my eye I could see Julie smile pleased at my adlib. Then the first guy dropped to his knees and took my cock in his mouth and started giving me a hell of a blow job. It didn't take long until all hands were on me. One of the other guys dropped to his knees too and began putting his tongue in my ass, I thought I was going to cum on the spot but I held off. I needed true focus for this shoot. I didn't want to let my new employers down. 

The mouth action from the front was fantastic as all the guys traded places. Each had a turn at sucking my cock and licking out my ass then the only black guy of the bunch pulled me down and put me on all fours. A blond haired guy went under my body and took my cock in his mouth and offered me his. I swallowed the eight incher and sucked for all I was worth. The hot warm cock fell tremendous in my mouth.

Then I felt someone else approach from behind me and pull my ass cheeks apart and push his big cock at my tight entrance. He showed no compassion and jammed it in right to the base. A moan escaped my lips as my tight cavity welcomed the intruder. He started fucking me real hard and it just made me eat the cock in my mouth faster.

I have to tell you there is nothing like getting your ass slammed, having a nice big cock in your throat and yours down another's at the same time. By the time I was getting fucked I completely forgot there was a camera there. 

Soon the guy below me was bucking his hips and I heard from Julie to pull it out so he could shoot in my face, and I did just that. The ropes of cum covered my face and the drops that managed to get on my tongue tasted marvelous. When buddy yelled out he was cumming it made the one fucking my ass buck his hips. I felt him pull out of my ass quickly; the emptiness was soon followed by hot splashes all over my back.

The two guys who deposited their cum on my body left the stage. It didn't take long however to have my asshole filled again. This cock was a little bigger and I worked my ass all over it. Squeezing my cheeks I enticed the cum out of it. My ass was magic and the guy couldn't have lasted two minutes fucking my skilled rear.

Julie spoke up and told me not to be so damned good, just relax and let them do the work. I was having a hard time doing that because I was enjoying the reaming way too much. After the third guy blasted his cum on my back the next guy put me on my back and fucked my ass missionary. He was pounding my ass for all he was worth then he took my cock in his hand and started stroking in time. I was so turned on I shot my first load all over my chest!

The guy fucking me soon came, five down five to go I thought. Since we had over an hour of film already Julie wanted to have another group scene. The black guy got down on his back and I straddled his thick cock, then I took a cock in each hand and swallowed a fourth. The fifth guy leaned down beside us all and jerked his pole while he sucked my cock and the black guy's balls. All of us were really working it when they all started cumming.

First the two guys in my hands pulled away from my grip and jerked their cocks shooting all over my face. The one in my mouth followed suit and pulled out of my mouth only to rocket his massive load all over me. The guy in my ass jerked it out and the guy sucking my cock grabbed it stroking him to a huge orgasm that landed all over the three of us. 

The last guy went back to sucking my cum covered cock and soon I was cumming. He didn't even pull it out. He took my load into his mouth then smiled at the camera as it dripped out of his lips. I then took his cock in my hands and pulled on him. I thrust his shaft in my fist and his hips pushed forward, he shot rope after rope in my face. Five large ropes shot from his huge tool. After it was all over the camera man pulled in for close-ups of my cum covered body.

At the end of the day Julie handed me an envelope filled with three thousand dollars and hugged me she then asked me when I would be ready to do my next film. 

I was going to be the next big star!