 I was really feeling the need to get fucked. Days and weeks of trying to hook up on sites and going to the local ABS proved to be for naught. I mean, I got to fuck a few guys but I didn't get the fucking I desperately wanted and needed. As my limited play time was rapidly coming to a close, I decided that I should just go all in and be the cumslut I wanted to become.

I posted ads for hosting an anonymous party and 1 on 1 on various sites in the hope I would get enough action to fulfill my need. As the day of the party approached, I was getting so anxious and nervous but also so fucking horny, I could barely contain myself. The day finally arrived and I went to check into the hotel. It was low budget, near the highway, accessible, but it wasn't seedy. I made sure I was all cleaned out and I had plenty of lube, water, poppers, and washcloths for those who would come. I checked my email and... disappointment. Only 2 guys responded to my ads. I gave them the room number and waited naked with a raging hard on.

The first guy came by and he was a middle aged married man who was horned up from not being able to play while with family. He stripped and started sucking me off so I returned the favor. It was not long before I made it clear that I wasn't here for blowjobs and we went to the bed. I got on my hands and knees and he checked my hole. Noting it was well lubed, he pushed in his cock in what was a long needed fucking. I was eager and pushed back greedily so he would know that it wasn't time for playing around. He took the hint and started giving me a good fucking before flooding my hole with the first of many loads that night. He sucked me off a little more before dressing and being on his way while I cleaned up and out.

The 2nd guy showed up not long after. I wanted this dude's cock for a LONG time. The picture always turned me on with this absolutely wonderfully thick cock. He was a very handsome man and he was here with a purpose. He said he needed to be sucked first because he was a grower then he dropped his pants. My excitement was met head on with disappointment as the cock in front of me was... well... looked to be tiny. Still, a fuck is a fuck is a fuck and I eagerly took him into my mouth to get him started. He wasn't lying. Holy shit it grew and grew and grew to what appeared to be even bigger than the picture. Holy shit, I was fucking turned on as hell now and he directed me firmly to the bed where he bent me over and placed the head of that cock against my ass. He didn't so much as ram it in as he guided it in with a determination. He then proceeded to fuck me like I have never been fucked before. His cock was perfect and hit every single spot that could drive you crazy. It wasn't long before I was cumming on the bed from just his fucking and that has never happened to me before. Soon, his pace quickened and I felt his cock swell inside. Spurt after spurt filled me up and left me weak kneed and cock drunk. He noted that he just fucked a nice load out of me, too, and started cleaning up. I promised I would DEFINITELY play with him again as he left. I was now a bit bummed. I really wanted more and those were the only two who replied. I checked my phone and relieved to see another response.

The 3rd guy was one I had played with before. A nice THICK BBC that dropped huge loads. He arrived and we immediately got to work. I was a bit afraid that my fresh fucked hole would still be a bit of a struggle for him but he lubed up and pushed against my ass which hungrily took him in. He loved that he was buried to the hilt so quickly and started to quickly fucked my hole. It wasn't long at all before he dropped a HUGE load inside me. He was apologetic for cumming so fast and said my hole felt like heaven. I took it as a compliment, to be honest. Not only that, he gave me exactly what I needed! A nice thick cock and a load buried in my ass!

The phone chimed and I had another one on the line! The 4th guy was a little younger and he was ready to go right at it. We wasted no time in getting his cock aimed at my now cum lubed hole and he proceeded to pump away eagerly. It wasn't long before he too let loose his load deep in me. He gave me a thanks with a nice slap on the ass and left.

Now the phone started going nuts. The 5th guy was just down the road and he showed up with a raging cock that was rock hard, long, but not very thick. He laid me on my back and slid his cock right to the hilt in a single thrust. He fucked with short staccato thrusts and only took a few minutes to unload inside me. The 6th was another BBC who wanted me before but missed out. A heavy set younger guy but he was quick to up to the task. Once again, on my hands and knees, he slid in and pumped away furiously before dropping a massive load inside me. The 7th guy was a young 24yo pizza delivery driver who wanted pure anon scene. I unlocked the door, got on the bed, buried my face in the pillow, and waited. He was efficient as he quickly dropped his pants and slid his thick cock in me. Not a word was said as he fucked me for all he was worth before dropping another load in my hole then left without saying anything.

I was more than happy with my night and I cleaned up a bit while I wondered if I should just wrap it up and get some rest. The phone was dead, no other replies were coming in, and I was a bit sore. Even after pushing as much as I could, some cum was still leaking out as I laid there in bed. Just as I was about to call it a night, the phone chimed again. It was another young guy and he wanted an anon scene too. He asked if he could use a condom and I was okay with that as long as I got a good fucking and he would cum on my back. The 8th guy showed up and I was ass up, face down again waiting. I heard the condom wrapper rip open and felt that covered cock push against my hole. I handed him the lube bottle and he slicked up and pushed again. There it was... I relished the feeling of a cock in me again and I realized that this night still had some fucking to be done. He would fuck for a few minutes, pull out to jack off, then fuck me again repeating over and over. To be honest, I was starting to get a little frustrated but I was there to be the eager bottom, not to be the one demanding what he do or not do. I think he started to sense my frustration and pulled out again to jack it some. This time, there was a pause before I heard him jacking. Next thing I knew, he buried his cock in me and unleashed a HUGE load into my ass. That pause was him taking the condom off before cumming in my ass. He quickly cleaned up and took off probably thinking he was being sneaky. Silly boy, I wanted that load in my ass!

The phone was going a bit nuts again. Number 9, 10, 11, and 12 all came and went. Nothing spectacular, but all good solid fucks that left load after load in my hole. The 13th guy came twice back to back. The 14th busted as soon as he put it in me. 14 guys, 15 loads in my hole in 4 hours. I have never even come close to that number (7 was my record and that was over 14 hours). Little did I know that the biggest surprise was just around the corner. I cleaned out and was watching some TV when the phone lit up again. I have been talking to this guy for awhile and his ad claimed a "Monster Cock." Right... that's what they all say. He said he would be there in an hour and I took the time to relax a bit.

Well, Mr Monster showed up and was eager to play. He wanted to get sucked off first to "prime my engine." He dropped his drawers and I was face to face with the largest cock I have ever seen in person... and it was flaccid. I was wondering if I bit off a bit more than I could chew here. I tried (operative word here... tried) to take him in my mouse and could get barely more than just head in. While I was giving what I was certain to be the worst blowjob in my life, he started growing... and growing... and growing. Oh fuck me. This cock was HUGE. Easily the side of a coke bottle. I seriously wondered how this was going to work and I jacked his monster to life. He was obviously ready as he sat up saying, "Lube me up and show me that ass." Well, here we go! Time to see if I have what it takes! I laid down and he pushed this huge cock against my ass. It started to slide in and then resist a bit as it stretched to take in the beast. I hit the poppers hard and he slid the rest of the way into my ass until he was buried balls deep. He waited as I gasped and took in this huge cock. Slowly he started to move back and forth. 

Fucking me with a good rhythm, he was taking his time and made sure I was okay with him in me. I relaxed some more and now I wanted to see how far I could go. I began pushing back on him signalling that it was time to seriously fuck me. Fuck me he did. Wow. He worked that huge cock in and out like a champ. Each thrust was going to places never touched by dick before. He flipped me onto my back and was really going to town as he pushed my legs back. I could only take that hard fucking for a few minutes before I had to call mercy. It was just too much and I never had it that hard before. He was understanding as he flipped me back on my stomach to start fucking me from behind again. Fast slow fast fast slow... he kept changing the pace but never stopped. After a good 30 minutes, I felt him start to grow even more as he hammered his cock deep into me. I felt each jet of cum fill me up over and over. He must has squeezed off a good 10-12 deep pumps into my ass before quickly pulling out to clean up. The cum just ran out of my fucked hole in a stream. I couldn't even move. He cleaned up and we chatted a bit as the load continued to leak down my balls and legs. He left with a promise to fuck me more whenever I needed.

As I laid there realizing that I had 15 cocks in my ass tonight and I didn't fuck a single person. Every single one of them dropped their load inside my hole and I couldn't have been happier. I really was a huge cumslut and I loved it! I can't wait to do it again! Hopefully, next time, it will be a group to dump in me back to back without stopping! Fuck yes!