 Following that eye opening night, I had a lot of feelings and emotions to deal with. I drove home lost in thought, wondering what had just happened and where it was going to lead me. I had never felt an attraction to a man before. In the past my sexual thoughts were confined to the male genitalia and not the person that it was attached to. I didn't find myself checking out other guys for their looks, like I did when beautiful women walked by, so I was confused that I now felt an attraction to this older man.

I needed some time to think about what was next, and although we continued to chat sporadically through e-mail, we didn't arrange to meet up any time soon after the first experience. I imagine that he thought I was a dead end and although he seemed patient with my inability to meet up with him, I know that he didn't expect to see me again.

To tell the truth, I wasn't sure if I was going to see him again or not. My life was busy as I was playing or coaching hockey 5-6 nights a week and it wasn't going to be easy to sneak away from home without it being noticed. I also wasn't sure that I wanted to go down the path of finding out what impact a second meeting would have on my life. I think it was safe to say that I had already redefined my sexual preference as BI, but deep down I was beginning to wonder if I was GAY?

A month had lapsed since our first encounter, yet the memories of that night were still etched in my mind and were the thoughts that made their way to the front of the line whenever I was masturbating and sometimes even when I was having sex with my wife (although masturbating was a much more regular occurrence in my house). The fact the reflections of that night were controlling my sexual thoughts meant that I had to seek a second meeting and when an opportunity arose, I contacted my lover to see if he was inclined to welcome my visit. Thankfully I hadn't burnt the bridge with my delay in pursuing our next get together and he welcomed me to come to him.

I decided that I needed this experience to be less of a rush than the first and opted to skip a night of playing hockey (although letting my wife think I was going to hockey) and meet him at his cottage. This would allow us a couple of hours to relax and not have to rush to try and end the experience on a timeline.

Similar to the first time, my drive to his cottage involved a lot of thinking, a lot of nervous shaking and a cock that was harder than it had ever been. There was no hesitation when I arrived at his cottage and I got out of the car and went straight to his door. The door opened and we were in each other's arms without having said a word to one another.

Our lips pressed together and with little effort I pushed my tongue into his mouth and greedily explored his mouth. He grabbed the back of my head and held me tightly as we began to grind into one another. I wrapped my arms around his body and pulled his body closer so that I could feel the bulge in his pants press against my hard cock. We continued to make out in this manner for a few minutes, with lots of hard breathing and an anxiousness on both of our parts to see where this was going. We knew that we had lots of time on this night though, so there was no rush to end this make out session.

As we continued to make out, he reached around and pulled my shirt up and over my head, and I took advantage of the quick pause in kissing to remove his shirt as well. We continued making out, standing in his doorway, with our shirts off and our hands exploring each other's bodies. I leaned down and started nibbling and sucking on his nipples, causing him to elicit a nice moan that I knew meant I had succeeded in giving him some pleasure. After a couple of minutes of licking and sucking his nipples, I went back to making out with him and our hands were now eagerly exploring each other's cocks from the outside of our pants. 

Finally he had enough and I felt my belt buckle being released, quickly followed by my jeans being unbuttoned and his hand slipping inside my boxers to get hold of my rigid cock. We continued to make out and while he stroked my cock and I could feel my knees begin to weaken as the pleasure flowed through my body. I'm sure he could feel the same reaction in me and at this point we began slowly moving towards his bedroom, while still making out and him stroking my cock.

I hadn't had a chance to shower before coming to his cottage, so I asked if it was ok if I took a quick shower before we went any further. He started up the shower and set out a towel for me to use. As I entered the shower I noticed that he still had his pants on and I said I would prefer if I had some company in the shower. He quickly shed the remainder of his clothes and jumped into the shower with me. He grabbed a bar of soap and said he would look after getting me cleaned up. It felt amazing having him rub the bar of soap and his hands all over my body, especially as he took time cleaning my cock, balls and asshole. When he pushed his soapy fingers into my asshole, I was hoping it would be a sign of things to come later.

After the shower, we entered the bedroom, and laid on the bed facing each other and stroking each other's cocks as we continued to passionately make out. I took his hand off of my cock and grabbed hold of both of our cocks with my hand and stroked them at the same time. The pleasure was intense with the feel of our cocks touching and being stroked all at the same time.

I knew that I needed to have his cock in my mouth again, so I pushed him onto his back and started kissing down his body until I had reached that beautiful thick cock. I played with his balls, licking and sucking on them while stroking his cock, and then began to inhale his cock. It felt natural to have his cock in my mouth and I made love to it the best that I could. Although my technique was still at the rookie level at this point, I was beginning to learn how to read his reactions and work my mouth and hands in rhythm with the tremors his body was producing and found that running a finger around his asshole as I licked him seemed to result in some extra moans escaping.

I didn't want him to cum at this point, so I started kissing up his body and found his mouth again. We kept kissing slowly and passionately and grinding our cocks against one another. We played with each other's nipples and stroked each other's cocks, but not in a manner where either of us were trying to put the other over the edge.

After a long make out session with lots of heaving petting and exploration, he made his way down my body and I found my cock immersed in his warm mouth. He worked nice and slow on my cock and took time to play with my balls and asked if I was ok with him rimming me. I felt so comfortable with this man that I would have allowed him to do pretty much anything to me, so rimming was definitely not an issue. He gave me an amazing rim job and hand job, which caused me to nearly cum, but I was able to hold back as I didn't want the build up to explode yet.

In order to avoid an orgasm, I pulled him back up my body and we continued to make out. We both knew that we were on the verge of cumming, but neither of us wanted it to happen yet, so we slowed things down and for the first time really had bit of chat with each other. He questioned why I was in search of having sex with a man, and I think was getting a feel for how far this relationship could go. I explained my situation, how I was happy with everything in my life except the sex and also at this point told him how attracted I was to him. When I got that off my chest, he said "I'm glad to hear you are attracted to me, because I think you are fucking sexy".

I'd never had anyone say that to me, and it caused my cock to stiffen more than I knew possible and grabbed his head and pulled him towards me as I wanted to kiss this guy more than I had ever wanted to kiss anyone in my life. We furiously made out and as he was playing with my cock he asked if I would like to fuck him. I'd never had anal sex with anyone before and wasn't sure if it was for me, but I wasn't going to withhold any experiences from this man. 

I laid on my back and he placed a condom on my cock before lubing my cock and his ass. He mounted me and slowly eased himself onto my cock, before gaining some momentum and riding me like the fuck toy that I had become. As he rode me, I stroked his cock and was lost in listening to the pleasure that having my cock in his ass was giving him. Of all the things that happened that night, this was the only experience that I wasn't fully into or feeling great about. As I look back I think the issue wasn't so much the experience as it was the condom and the lack of feeling that I get when wearing condoms. Although I wasn't really feeling much physical pleasure, seeing him writhing on my cock gave me a lot of emotional pleasure and I was glad we did it. 

After riding me for a few minutes and realizing that it wasn't going to result in my orgasm, he slid off and removed my condom and asked if I wanted to try something else that he enjoyed doing. 

He laid on his back and had me grab the headboard and fuck his face with my cock. It was amazing, and the feeling of pumping my cock in and out of his warm mouth was quickly building my orgasm. While I was feeding him my cock, he was furiously stroking his own cock and I could hear his orgasm building as he moaned and sucked hard on my cock. After a couple of loud moans, I felt a jet of cum spray across his belly, with a little of it landing on my back. He said that was one of his favorite things to do and as I hadn't yet cum, he wanted to know something that I would like to do. 

I was tempted to ask him to fuck me, but was a little nervous to ask as I wasn't sure how much it would hurt to take his thick cock in my ass and wasn't sure if my virgin ass was ready for it.

Instead I elected for something more intimate and sensual. I asked if I could jerk off while we made out and he explored my body with his hands. As I stroked my cock I asked him to pull on my nipples and he pulled on them nice and hard, something that I love to have done. Then I asked him to stick a finger in my ass and it wasn't long before I was a shaking mess as I had an intense orgasm while stroking my cock and having him pump my asshole with his fingers.

We were both pretty spent at this point after almost two hours of passionate sex and decided to have a quick shower to get cleaned up. After the shower we curled up on his couch and talked about our personal lives a little bit and were both a little sad when I had to leave and get back to my house.

I didn't realize this was most likely the last time we would be together. I was infatuated with this man and was hoping that a monthly session like this would be enough to satisfy the missing sex from my marriage. After a few e-mail exchanges, and an extended period of time where I couldn't find a way to get away for a visit, I finally had an opportunity arise where I could manage to slip away unnoticed. I e-mailed and hoped that he was available. 

Unfortunately his response wasn't what I was hoping for. He messaged back and said that he was going to take a pass and that he wasn't happy with the occasional get together and was developing feelings for me that our current situation wouldn't appease. As you can see from the story, I was developing some of those feelings as well and in the end it may be best that we broke it off. Now, I'm just not sure where to go from here. He was and still is the only man I've felt an attraction to and I don't see myself being able to endure a search to find that with someone else.