 It was a night I needed, a night I had craved for a long time, anonymous and debauched. Filled with hot sweaty sex, nothing more, nothing less.

The night was hot and muggy, sticky but in a good way, the kind that makes you think of sweat soaked bodies moving to the rhythm of sex and god was I horny. I was sitting at my laptop idly looking at porn, slowly touching myself when I decided to go looking, hunting you might say. But hunting for something particular. I wanted to meet someone or someones, to walk in to a dark room, be stripped and taken and to give. So I cruised the chat rooms and the sites, I had no great expectations of finding exactly what I needed but I hoped I'd find something.

After the usual rounds of "what are you looking for?", "where are you?" and the "got a pic?" I was near giving up. Still horny, still frustrated I was near giving up when a mail came through. It simply said I know what you are looking for, it's waiting for you. The address was close, close enough that I could walk. It wasn't yet late, just gone midnight and the dark night seemed hotter and stickier when I shut my door . The walk wouldn't take long, maybe half an hour if I took my time and even then I knew a thin sheen of slick sweat would cover me under my nylon shorts and t-shirt. Sure the night was hot but the anticipation was hotter knowing I would push open a door to a dark room filled with people looking for and doing what I longed for.

I was nearing the place when I took my first (small this time) sniff of poppers from the bottle on a chain on my neck. The mail had said to wear as little as possible and I did. I almost turned back when I saw the door, I almost waited just to see if anyone else was going in, to make sure I wasn't the only one, to make sure I wasn't imagining the mail. I took a deep breath and shrugged off my fears, my concerns, in truth it wasn't that hard to do, the need for this release was nearly overwhelming.

The front of my white shorts were spotted with drops of pre-cum from my cock hardening and softening while I walked. My cock and balls bulged from the tight leather cockring and the sensuous feel of the light nylon on my shaven skin and the ache I felt for release. I took a deep sniff from the bottle.

The mail had said the door will be open, just push it and close it behind you, it will be dark, it will be safe and there will be many people there looking for release too. The only rule is you can't say no. I only planned on saying yes. So I pushed the door. It was dark and quiet, though I could tell here were people there, a lot of people. There was a distinct smell of men's sweat and sex. All my worries evaporated as I breathed the smell in deep and my cock started to harden.

I took a step and closed the door. Almost immediately a hand wiped across the front of my shirt while another rubbed my ass through my shorts and I heard, almost felt, a low moan of approval. My shirt was lifted up and off and as I raised my arms a mouth engulfed my left nipple. The sudden shock of contact was like an electric spark running through me, I felt energised, alive and bursting with anticipation and energy. I bent to remove my runners and the hand rubbing my arse became two hands caressing me and gently pulling my shorts down. The elastic on my shorts tugged my cock down, stretching it till it broke free and smacked my stomach. 

I was pulled further inside and only then did I notice the noise had returned. All around me were the sounds of sex, bodies slapping against bodies, cocks driving into peoples mouths, asses being spread and licked and fucked and people cumming. I was laid down on a mattress (one of many) and my prick was swallowed. The hot wet mouth heated me up further than I could have imagined and I was on the edge of cumming when I sensed rather than felt another near my mouth. I opened my mouth and felt the head brush my lips and got my first taste of the night. I swallowed his pre-cum greedily, drinking deep and it calmed my raging need. I was ready but not desperate to cum knowing the night would last. I pulled the cock deep into me as I thrust into the willing mouth. The eroticism of it was intense. I had no idea who they were, what they looked like only that we were all there to fuck and be fucked, to suck and be sucked. I gave in to my sweat slick body. I fucked willing asses and sucked cocks, came in peoples holes and was cum in. No was never said.

All too soon there was movement, murmurings that the sun would be up soon, that soon it would be time to leave. People were leaving but I was still there. I was lying on my back with a lithe, smooth guy slowly rotating on me, clenching his ass muscles around my cock buried deep in him while I tweaked his nipples, teased his long, slim, shaven cock and balls and slowly thrust deep into him. I knew the night was just about over and I wanted it to last as long as possible. He rode higher up my cock and more forcefully down, my hand clenched around him, moving over him to the same rhtym. We were both close, both sweaty and sticky from the night, the humid air and most importantly cum. Soon my thrusts matched his and he bucked harder and harder. His moans rose as we neared climax. Suddenly he rammed himself down on me, his cock bucked in my hand shooting thick ropes of sperm across my chest. I couldn't hold back and shoved one last time into him as I came deep inside him.

He relaxed on top of me, rubbing his cum across both of us and sighed. The night was over but I needed more. And more of this lithe, tight ass on me.

"Got to meet again."

He asked if I was close by. I told him roughly where I lived, my free time. He murmured, nodded his head and took my email.

"Soon, maybe."

He climbed off me and with a parting tug at my now soft, used, cummy cock he left. I lay there basking in the afterglow for a minute or two, listening to the sounds of the last few moaning, cumming and moving together. Finally I pulled myself up, dragged my clothes on over my smooth body soaked in sweat and cum, mine and others and left. It was just starting to get bright when I walked out the door and down the street. I thought of looking back, fixing the place and night in my memory but I didn't. I knew it was a night I wouldn't forget and the place wasn't important. What was important was that I had used and been used, sucked and been sucked, fucked and been fucked taken and given in a night of totally anonymous sex. I was sore, tired but more alive and satiated then I ever thought possible.

A week went by, then two and I started to think it might never happen again when the mail came. The address was different but the intent was the same. It was further away so I drove. Through the door there was an alcove, lit by a dim red lamp, a note said to strip, leave your clothes in the bags provided, beer and pot in the far room, no inhibitions, no is the only word not allowed.

In the far room I got a beer, rolled a joint and sat on one of the few cheap chairs as I relaxed preparing for another night. A mouth encased my cock and sucked till I was fully hard, dripping pre-cum and my cock was slick with his spit. We passed the joint, smoked and walked in to the other room. Into another night of hedonism.

Soon two nights became three then four. I couldn't always go but I always knew that the nights I craved wouldn't be far away. Then one night as I rested after having sucked and been fucked someone opened a refrigerator and the light cast a faint glow on the face of the guy licking the cum from my chest I looked at him. It was my neighbours kid, all of eighteen, lean and smooth, naked with a guy lapping at his ass.

"We shouldn't be doing this, you're too young."

"Who do you think mailed you that first night?"

The door shut, the light went out just as I saw his head move to my growing cock and the licker rose up to enter him. I closed my eyes and thrust in to his mouth. We never met up except on those nights of anonymous debauchery.