 I awoke slowly, my head fuzzy with the familiar throb of a hangover. Pulling the pillow off my face, I looked around my girlfriend's bedroom. Barbara's side of the bed was vacant.

What did we drink? My head ached as memories of the previous night gradually started to come together. Barbara's friend from college, Dan, had come through town on his way to a bike race and asked to crash at her place. Barbara had confessed to having a crush on Dan back in the day, but I figured it was no big deal. 

Dan was just as Barbara had described him, handsome, fit and very funny. He was tall with short, dark hair, and had the lean physique of a cyclist. She set him up in the guest room and fixed a delicious supper for us. After dinner we made the switch from wine to cocktails. (Ah, that's the culprit!) As the alcohol started to loosen our tongues, the conversation turned to sex. Then...

Oh shit! We had a threesome with Dan!

Last night's events suddenly came into sharper focus: In the course of our after-dinner conversation, Dan told about a post-graduation tryst that he'd had on a cycling trip—with another guy! Barbara was obviously both shocked and aroused by this revelation, and had pressed Dan to recount his little "gaycation." Dan obliged, detailing how after a long day of riding, his friend had offered to massage a cramp in Dan's calf. The massage relieved the cramp, but Dan said that it also produced a different kind of swelling in his bike shorts. Dan said he had never been with a guy before, but one thing led to another, and his cycling partner gave Dan a blowjob that he described as "amazing". For the rest of the trip they ended each day's ride with massages and getting each other off.

I remembered how Dan's story had Barbara squirming in her seat. Her freckled face became flushed and her nipples poked visibly against the thin fabric of her t-shirt. What surprised me though, was how aroused I became. Dan was a bit embarrassed but enthusiastic, and his story was really hot. Listening to this guy talk about his first experience with another man had caused my cock to involuntarily and steadily harden. 

By the time he finished his tale, it was impossible to hide how worked up the three of us had become. Barbara observed that both Dan and I had erections straining in our shorts. Then she leaned over to me and whispered that she wanted to act on one of her most intense fantasies: She wanted to fuck Dan and me. I was in no position to refuse.

Out of the fog of my hangover, details from the night before continued to emerge: Barbara had Dan and I masturbate for her. We stripped, and I noted Dan's lean physique and impressive dick—I couldn't help myself. Other than in porn, I'd never seen another guy's erect penis before. But at Barbara's urging, I was suddenly next to a guy I had only just met, both of us naked and growing harder with each passing second. 

Dan and I sat on either side of Barbara, and the three of us stroked ourselves, hungrily watching one another. Barbara and I were both captivated as Dan worked his fist up and down his massive staff. For his part, Dan's gaze alternated between Barbara's sodden panties as she fingered herself, and my raging hard on. Gripping my erection and thrusting my hips, I almost felt like I was performing for him. Watching another guy watch me as we both jerked off felt strange, forbidden and intense.

During sex Barbara usually came first, and that night was no different. She licked her lips and her breathing started to accelerate as she strummed her pussy with one hand and pinched a nipple through her shirt with the other. Suddenly, she closed her eyes and heaved forward on the sofa, her whole body quaking. I loved watching her lose control like that. 

Once she regained herself, Barbara began stroking Dan and me simultaneously, then leaned over and took me in her mouth. I recalled the wonderful feeling of Barbara's tongue swirling over the head of my cock. For his part, Dan continued jacking his rod, and with his other hand reached over to run his fingers through my girlfriend's short auburn hair. As Barbara sucked and moaned, I watched as Dan gently but firmly pressed the back of her head, pushing her mouth down further—and then further again—over my pulsing member. 

A second more of this ecstasy and I would have lost it, but Barbara then turned her attention to Dan. She positioned herself on all fours between us, and I remember how Dan's eyes rolled back as Barbara began working her eager lips and tongue over his remarkable shaft. I removed her panties and surged into her from behind, plunging into her wetness, driving her forward into Dan. He and I established something of a rhythm, thrusting into Barbara as she moaned and gasped between us.

I recalled how Barbara came a second time, her body convulsing before me, her frothing pussy contracting around my pole. I was able to tell from the look on his face that Dan was close to the edge himself, and moments later he threw his head back and released his spunk into Barbara's hot mouth. She had turned slightly towards me, and I'll never forget the sight of Dan's cock filling her freckled cheek, his thick cum seeping from the corners of her mouth. 

I remembered how Barbara had abruptly disengaged, and still stroking Dan's dick with one hand, she breathlessly instructed me to cum in her mouth as Dan just had. I exploded almost immediately, as she enveloped my rod with her sticky lips. I couldn't help but think about my cum mixing with Dan's, as wave after wave cascaded from my dick and Barbara excitedly attempted to catch it all. Dan stood next to me, watching intently, Barbara still massaging small spurts of ejaculate from his mighty hose.

For a while, we were frozen like that, lightheaded and overwhelmed by what we had just done. Eventually, Dan mumbled his thanks for dinner and made his way to the guest room. Barbara and I staggered to bed and fell asleep in each other's arms. 

Now it was morning and, ever the early riser, Barbara had already gone. She had mentioned that she had a few things to take care of at the office, and would probably go to the market after that. Now I was alone in bed with an especially acute case of morning wood.

Recalling the previous night's events had me hard as hell. The three of us masturbating together, Dan and I fucking my girlfriend from both ends, the look on Dan's face as he watched me spewing hot cum into Barbara's already-full mouth—replaying these images in my head had me craving another climax.

But at the same time another imperative had taken hold: I had to piss like crazy. Not all of the last night's beverages had made their way out of my system yet, and my bladder was aching. Slowly, I exited the bed, various parts of my body stiff for different reasons. I tiptoed to the bathroom, and after maneuvering my hard-on out of my boxers, I was able to awkwardly relieve myself.

It was as I was exiting the bathroom that I heard the door to the guest room open. I looked over to see Dan, similarly haggard, also attired only in his boxers. 

"Hey," he said.

"Hey," I replied, trying to sound as nonchalant as possible. "Crazy night, last night."

"Yeah, it was pretty intense." 

If Dan was at all embarrassed about our after-dinner escapade, he sure wasn't showing it. I, on the other hand, couldn't believe that just a few hours earlier, I had seen this guy's hard cock, watched him orgasm. I was also intensely aware of my aching erection, and part of me wanted to dart back into the bathroom. But I didn't.

"You do anything like that before?" Dan asked suddenly.

"No, no," I said. "First time." 

"I'm flattered." Dan leaned against the frame of the doorway and smiled. "You two are a lot of fun. And you've got a great body."

I could feel my face start to redden. Was he hitting on me?

"You too," I heard myself say. Where did that come from? 

A long silence followed. I watched as Dan's gaze moved down, settling on the bulge in my underwear. I felt my erection twitch. I couldn't believe it, but having him look at me like that was only feeding my arousal. I also noticed Dan's cock swelling in his boxers. The thick outline of his shaft pressed against the fabric and started to rise. 

"You really should take care of that," Dan finally said, breaking the silence.

"Yeah," I tried to say, but my voice caught in my throat. I was almost dizzy with lust. 

"That was pretty hot last night when we were both beating off." Dan's voice had become a low growl. 

"I really got turned on watching you." 

Again I recalled the intense sexual charge I'd felt the night before from our masturbation session. 

"You wanna try that again?"

Twenty-four hours earlier, I would have told you that there was no chance of anything like that happening. But something about Dan's lustful nature, his charisma was capable of creating its own momentum. The night before, he'd made me want to share my girlfriend with him. And this morning, I wanted nothing more than to see him jerk his massive cock.

"Sure," I said.

I followed Dan into the guest room, and for a moment we stood on either side of the bed, checking each other out. Then Dan pulled down on the waistband of his underwear, freeing his now fully erect penis. It was as impressive as the night before, the shaft thick and dark. The meaty corona was so big I was amazed that Barbara had managed to get the entire thing in her mouth. His testicles hung below like small kiwi fruit. 

"Come on," Dan urged, as he leaned back on a pillow propped against the headboard.

Here goes nothing, I thought as I dropped my drawers. Although not as large as Dan's generous endowment, my cock was plenty big, completely engorged and practically humming with anticipation. It snagged for a moment on the waistband of my shorts, then popped free and gently bobbed in front of me. 

I took up my position next to Dan on the bed. He produced a bottle of oil from the night stand and slowly began slathering the lube over his column. Watching him work the liquid over his dick and down onto his balls, I reflexively reached down to my own cock. My excitement was apparent: The second I began stroking myself, a clear bead of precum sprouted from the tip and leaked down the shaft to my pumping fist. I exhaled heavily and began smoothing the slick juice over my hardness.

"Whoa," Dan exclaimed, his eyes locked on my rod. 

"You're not even going to need any lube!"

For a few minutes, we pleasured ourselves in silence. I marveled at Dan's tumescence as he squeezed and pumped, first with one hand and then with both. A couple of times he gripped the base of his penis and smacked it against his taut stomach, making a sticky thudding noise each time. 

And once again I felt the excitement, the exhilaration of jacking off while another guy—handsome, naked and erect—sat next to me, watching. Completely turned on and not wanting to cum too soon, I loosened my grip and started just tracing my fingers over my eager, engorged cock.

"You want to try something hot?" Dan asked suddenly. Not knowing what he had in mind, I didn't answer. Was he going to try and fuck me? 

"Come here," Dan instructed as he repositioned himself facing me. He had taken my silence for consent, and I had the fleeting feeling that maybe I had gotten in over my head. Nonetheless, I sat dumbly as Dan moved closer to me, sliding his legs beneath mine. Then I almost gasped as he scooted his hips forward, causing our erections to press against one another.

The sensation of a hard dick throbbing against my own was unlike anything I'd felt before, and I almost came right then. Our glistening poles awkwardly slid and pulsed against one another. Propping himself up with one arm, Dan began slowly thrusting his hips forward, pressing his groin against mine, his thick meat slithering over the surface of my rigid dick.

"Fuck," I moaned. I closed my eyes for a moment, reveling in the sensation of Dan's cock. I felt the contours of his shaft, the heat of his dick on mine. When I opened my eyes again, I saw our erections pressed together side by side. A thick stream of precum was now oozing steadily from the tip of my cock and forming a clear pool on my lower stomach. 

Then Dan reached forward and grasped both of our shafts. Gripping them together, he began working his fist up and down, pumping our rods in tandem. I could feel his taut balls as they pressed against the underside of my own scrotum. The feeling of another man's hardness, his horniness was driving me crazy. I groaned uncontrollably and joined Dan in thrusting my hips, grinding my rod against his. 

"Dude, I'm going to cum!" I announced. Dan quickened his pace, pumping his fist over our twinned cocks. My hips bucked forward and a geyser of cum launched itself from my dick. Jets of creamy spray flew up between us, then splashed down on my cock, his cock, his fist, my stomach, everywhere. Dan continued to pump away, and I felt like I could not stop cumming.

"My turn," Dan grunted, and I felt the thick tube of his urethra start to pulse against the underside of my still-spasming erection. He groaned throatily a moment later, hot white magma surging from his plump, meaty crown. Dan's thick gravy oozed out in a steady wave. His hot semen mingled with mine, and he spread the mixture over our writhing members.

The intensity of our orgasms was overwhelming. Seeing and feeling Dan as he came against and on my erupting rod—the carnal force, the synergy was both familiar and totally new. It was only as our mutual thrusting slowed, then stopped, that I heard the sound of my own breath, almost hyperventilating.

Then I heard the sound of a shopping bag hitting the floor. 

Dan and I looked up. Barbara stood in the doorway of the guest room, her mouth agape. She still held one shopping bag, while produce rolled out of the one she had just dropped. She was frozen as she assessed Dan and I, the two of us naked, sweaty, our spent cocks still pressed between us, a heavy film of ejaculate covering our torsos.

And she smiled.