 As I lay in my own bed, all I could think to myself is "Damn, finally a night off."

My name is Kavon and I've been on-line, pledging Iota Phi Theta Fraternity Incorporated for the past five weeks. The past few weeks had been hell and there didn't seem to be an end in sight...I was ready for the Spring semester to end... I'd recently begun to consider dropping, having second thoughts overall on if this shit was for me in the first place. My older brother Davion had pledged this fraternity and chapter three years ago though – if my older brother had what it took to become a man of Iota.

Tonight, the big brothers that had been running our pledge process had decided that me and my two line brothers deserved a night off. I couldn't agree more with them – we'd been going so hard, studying and maintaining our focus during the nights and putting in work in the basement of my Dean's townhouse at night to do what was necessary to become members of this fraternity.

My line brothers (Ade, the ace of our line and Bruce, the tail of our line) and I had been spending almost every waking moment with each other, making sure we handled our business. Not that we had a choice in the matter – it was customary for line brothers to make sure they were always together in case we were given a test or a task – it was just easier to be together so Bruce's apartment had become our "spot". It was easy to say that we all truly needed at least one night apart.

I was more than excited to retreat to my dorm room and chill. I was the only one that stayed on campus, so this was my first time in weeks returning to the sophomore residence hall that I was paying to live in. When I got back to my dorm room, I decided to take a warm shower by myself and take the opportunity to wash a load of clothes. Things I'd taken for granted before I'd started pledging. 

When I was done, I got out of the shower, I looked at myself in the mirror, pleased at my reflection. I gotta admit, the intense physical exercise that had come with pledging and not being able to eat junk food had done my body some good. I was more cut up and I had some slight muscle definition. I'm sure I'd better results if I was in the gym sticking to an actual regiment, but I wasn't mad at how my body was handling this pledge process.

After snapping a few thirst traps pics (using my underwear to cover my dick), I put on some sweat and I left the backroom, retreating to my bed. I sent the pics to all my old hoes (Normani, Nia and Aisha) on snapchat to remind them what they were missing out. They all instantly hit me up, asking if I wanted to come through and fuck. I smiled to myself, choosing to not reply. Fuck them. I was saving this dick for someone who deserved it.

I looked at the time on my phone - it was 6PM and all I could do was relax in bed. I was so fatigues from being "on the go" the past few weeks that I didn't even have the energy to make use of this free time. My line brothers had bragged about using this time to get caught up on homework and sneaking in time to get with some females but my mind wasn't even there. I just wanted to chill, and maybe catch up with Omar.

Omar was my roommate and he was on the track team here at Wilton State. We didn't really run in the same circles (most student athletes kept to themselves) but we clicked really well and a natural friendship had formed between the two of us. Not only did we get along great, we never had issues communicating. 

For example, If I needed my privacy to get my freak on with a girl, he'd disappear. If he needed the room to himself to get down with one of the men or women that he was talking to, I definitely found somewhere else to be.

When we'd moved in together (last semester), Omar let it be known in the first ten minutes that he was bisexual and that he was 'sexually liberated' as he described it. Omar was a free spirit and he demanded respect – I hadn't really been around anyone Gay or Bisexual, but Omar definitely helped me immediately be more open minded. I mean, this tall, brown skinned pretty boy was pulling men and women from the looks of it. I could pass my judgement if I wanted to, I quickly found out that it wasn't going to stop him from doing as he pleased.

I quickly decided that his sexuality wasn't going to be an issue for me. We'd become homeboys since. He'd gotten super comfortable with me, and I did the same. I'd tell him about my sexual conquests and he'd do the same. Whenever any of my girls were acting out of line, he'd jokingly say "Whenever you're ready to fuck with someone loyal, I'll be here waiting zaddy!". I usually laughed the comments off because Omar had such a masculine aura. I couldn't ever read how much truth was behind his words.

Since my process had begun, Omar had been looking out for me. I thought that the various females that I was fucking with would look out for me but they quickly ghosted on a nigga...all three of them... that's when Omar stepped in. 

I was on social probation, but that hadn't stopped Omar from making sure I was good. Financially, I was broke as a joke after paying for all my membership fees and running errands for big brothers so whenever I didn't have money to eat, Omar would discreetly grab some food for me at one of the campus dining spots. I couldn't explain it but I was starting to feel a closeness to Omar that I couldn't explain.

I felt myself beginning to nod off when I head a keycard swipe, signaling that someone was trying to get into my room. Within seconds, Omar was walking into our dorm room. Upon seeing me, he instantly smiled and yelled "Bro! You're still alive! What are you doing in here?" he said, coming over to my bed and dapping me up.

I smiled, genuinely happy to see someone that wasn't an Iota man.

"Man, they gave us the night off! Can you believe it?" I said, sitting up in my bed.

"That's what's up man. You get the night off and you decide to just lay in your bed and sit on Instagram?" Omar asked, raising an eyebrow as he walked over to his side of the bedroom. He removed his shirt, threw it on his bed and walked over to the window. For some reason, seeing his basketball shorts sag lightly below his waist was doing something to me. I don't know if it was the lack of sex but I found myself noticing that Omar had nice, fat ass on him.

"Stop those thoughts, that's not your thing." I thought to myself as I felt my dick getting hard. I should have gotten up with one of my hoes, I hadn't gotten any kind of release in weeks.

"You hear what I said?" Omar said, looking out of our window and bringing me back to reality.

"Oh, yeah, my bad. Man, I really just wanted to come back to the dorm, take a hot shower and relax. Bruce's water heater has been broken and he hasn't had the time or money to get it repaired." I said laughing.

"Damn, that's fucked up." Omar said, walking back over to his bed. As he walked back over to his bed, my eyes landed on his ass again. He sat down on his bed and faced me.

"What's new with you bro? I assume you've had a revolving window of hoes in and out of here?" I jokingly asked him.

"Actually, nah. I've been focused on training for the spring season. I've only messed with one guy and one girl in the past few weeks. The guy is a DL football player, we vibe pretty well. But I've been low-key." Omar said.

"Wow, you got a football player?" I asked, shocked.

"A lot of these niggas like to mess around with other niggas, you just have to let them know that you're down. That's how I do it. I don't approach these niggas, they come to me." Omar said. confidently. He was fine, and he had swag so I could see it.

"If you say so, my nigga." I said.

"So, you didn't think to use this free time and catch up with any of your hoes or anything? Surely Ade and Bruce are using this time better than you are!" Omar joked, while scrolling through his own phone.

"Man, fuck them hoes. Honestly, as much as I want to get my dick wet, I'm mad at all of those hoes. Aisha immediately disappeared when I told her I was pledging, saying she wasn't my 'main' chick so she wasn't down to help me...Normani's fake ass is fucking a nigga that's pledging Kappa so she's already helping him and don't get me started on that community hoe Nia." I said, going down the list of women that had abandoned me when I needed their help most.

"Damn, that's fucked up. Guess you don't have any hoes to help you out, but at least you got me! I may not get the dick, but I keep you fed anyways! Swipe, swipe!" he said, laughing. I laughed with him, as it were routine for him to softly flirt with me in this manner. I don't know what made me do it, but I decided to flirt back. Maybe I could get something out of this.

"I don't know Omar, if you asked, you could get the dick too man. You deserve it after all you've done to help me out these past few weeks." I said. He instantly looked up from his phone.

"What did you say?" Omar asked, not believing the words that had come out of my mouth.

I swallowed hard and I repeated myself.

"Omar, if you asked, you could get this dick too man...you deserve it, as much as you've looked out for a nigga." I said, smiling as I gripped my hard dick. Until before today, I hadn't ever considered going down this route with another nigga but Omar was the exception. My dick was on autopilot, he was with me and part of me thought that there was some true interest behind his attempts to flirt with me.

"Kavon, shut the fuck up. You not even gay, I'm not about to do this with you. Don't tease me because you're bored" Omar said, looking back down at his phone.

"I'm serious!" I said. I decided to stand up, inserting my hand into my sweats so I could grab on my dick.

Omar looked back up, seeing how serious I was.

"What kind of shit is this, did them niggas that are pledging put you up to this?" Omar asked, raising an eyebrow.

"What? No! This has nothing to do with Iota man. I would have gotten a bitch if I had to do that!" I said, slightly raising my voice.

"Okay, then what is it?" Omar said, standing up.

Fuck. I honestly thought it would be a lot easier to get this nigga to just drop to his knees and suck my dick. That's all I'd wanted. Now, I was here having to make an explanation of feelings that I wasn't sure how to put into words.

"Omar, this ain't no test or shit, I ain't trying to take advantage of you for no fraternity thing, they don't get down like that." I started.

"Okay, but how do you explain why you, my straight roommate is proposing a hook up with me, someone that's not a woman?" he argued.

"Fuck, I don't know Omar. Seeing you walk around in those basketball shorts got me hard as fuck and I haven't had a release in a minute, you know that. I don't know, you've been looking out for me the way I expected one of these girls to and it's made me feel a way about you. I can't explain this shit!" I said, getting frustrated.

"What, so because I've kept you fed, you thought the way to thank me was to get me to suck your dick? Is that what you think of me?" Omar said, rolling his eyes.

"Nah, it's not like that!" I said, not expecting him to say that.

"Then what is it? Omar asked.

"I don't know. It's nothing." I said, unsure of how to respond.

"Kavon, you're the one that approached me, what do you mean, 'it's nothing'?" Omar said, smirking.

"Bruh. I should have left it alone. My I was out of line. Can we forget this shit happened?"

I replied, stepping back. Instantly, Omar stepped up to me, with now had us standing chest to chest.

"Kavon, oh Kavon. I'm never gonna forget that this shit happened. You're a tease!" Omar said, raising his hands to my nipples and tweaking them, which made me moan in response.

"What the fuck yo?" I moaned to myself as Omar pushed me backwards onto my bed.

"Sit back and relax. You just said a few minutes ago that if I asked nicely, I could get some of that dick. I'm not going to abide by your rules though since you tried to be sneaky about it. If you use your words like a grown ass man would, I'd be more than happy to make sure you get the happy ending that you have in mind." Omar said as he loosened the drawstring to his basketball shorts and let them fall to the floor, leaving him standing in a pair of black briefs.

"Drop those sweats." He said. I kicked off my sweats and briefs in one movement, which resulted in my dick flopping out between my legs. I was now sitting nude as Omar sunk to his knees. He was now kneeling in-between my open legs, waiting for me to get this show started. 

I felt my dick throb as I heard myself ask "Omar, will you suck my dick?"

"Gladly." He said,

I had to admit, my dick was definitely a nice sized one. One thing I knew about myself was that I pleased almost every girl that I'd fucked around with on the campus with this and here Omar was, holding my prized possession in his hand.

"Go down and lick the head for me." I whispered.

Omar took my dick into his hand, and jerked it his hand to get it completely hard. I looked at my massive dick in his hand, and started getting an excited to feel his mouth wrapped on it. He always joked that men gave better head and now, I was about to find out for myself.

Omar seemed nervous to proceed, as if he still couldn't believe that this was happening "Don't be afraid Omar, all you gotta do is lick the head." I said trying to relax him. My dick hadn't gotten wet in over a month. If we were gonna do this, we needed to start NOW.

Omar looked up into my eyes, then down at my dick head. He then licked his lips and before I knew it, his lips were connecting with the tip of my dick. I felt his tongue licking all over the shaft, which made me shudder.

"Yeah that's it... Do it some more." I said, with my mind blown at how good his mouth felt on my dick. He began to drag his lips up and down the length of the shaft, leaving my entire dick coated with his spit. This nigga was a pro!

I moaned to myself as Omar sucked on my dick like it was it was a lollipop. Pre-cum began to leak from the tip of my dick and when Omar noticed this, he licked up the juice that covered the head and sucked on the head. I smiled to myself as I watched Omar lick his lips, tasting the salty, sweet substance. Omar was savoring this moment but the further we went along; the more anxious I was to bust this nut.

"Stop being all lovey and dovey with the dick and suck it." I said. This made Omar glance up at me, scowling.

"Nigga, I run this shit. You're going to regret that shit!" Omar said, before he resumed sucking my dick. This time, he deep throated me. No one had ever deep throated my dick, so feeling his nose buried in my pubes as his throat massaged length of my dick was a feeling that I was ready for.

"DAMN! Fuck, chill or I'm gonna bust!" I whispered loudly to Omar, hoping he's chill. Omar was a pro and I wanted to enjoy this shit some more.

I tried to pull my dick out of his throat but he followed me as I scooted back, keeping my dick lodged firmly in his throat. His mouth was wet as fuck and I could feel my dick touching the back of his throat. He wasn't even gagging – he was just bobbing his head up and down the length of my dick.

"Damn your mouth feels so good." I said.

Omar moaned on my dick as he continued to suck it.

"Ooh Shit... Damn that's it." I moaned out. I felt my spit lubricating his throat making it even easier for him to swallow me. Not that he was struggling in that department.

My dick was firmly lodged down his throat and I was losing it – I felt my orgasm approaching. I'd tried my best to fight this impending orgasm but I wasn't going to beat Omar in his area of expertise.

"Fuck, I'm about to cum!" I whispered (not wanting the entire dorm to hear what was happening). He instantly removed my long dick from his mouth and with his right hand, he aimed it at me, which shocked me. At that moment, my dick throbbed and I shot four ropes of cum directly onto my abs and chest. In a matter of seconds, my torso was covered in cum. 

"Damn! What did you do that for?" I asked as cum ran down my body.

"I don't know why you thought I was about to swallow!" Omar said, laughing to himself.

I sat there in awe, shocked that we'd even messed around like this. Omar sat between my knees for a second before, standing up over me. He leaned down and before I could say anything, he was kissing me! After the amazing blowjob that he'd given me, I didn't even resist. I felt him push his tongue into my mouth and I returned the gesture by sucking on it. 

He wrapped his arms around me, clutching to the small of my back. I instinctively reached around him and placed my hands as the band of his underwear. I slipped my hands into his underwear, feeling his booty rest in my hands as we kissed,

We made out for about another two minutes before Omar pulled back. I kept his booty in my hands we both smiled.

"I'm glad you got the night off man." Omar said, smiling.

"Shit, me too man. I'm definitely glad I didn't call no female up here, not when I got you here." I said, laughing.

"Oh, so this isn't a one-time thing?" Omar asked, smiling.

"Not by a long shot. I ain't had none of this ass yet so we're gonna have to experiment with that shit bruh." I said, as I slid a finger along the crack of his ass. 

"Hmmm, maybe we can make that happen. That'll be your crossing gift." Omar said, laughing.

"You really gonna make me wait?" I asked, fake pouting.

"Hell yeah, I'm gonna make you wait. This is your first time ever messing around with a man, and I typically don't mess around with niggas who don't know what they're into for sure. I made an exception for you because the thought of messing with you has crossed my mind, but I definitely ain't the type to just give it up. Plus, I'm giving you something to look forward to." Omar said, leaning into me and connecting his lips with my lips once again. I could get with that. I didn't consider myself to be Gay or anything but I could see myself messing around with Omar in the future. He might have thought that tonight was a fluke but he definitely had my attention.