 had arrived at the port of Sami on the Greek Island of Kefalonia, in good time to board the afternoon ferry to Zakinthos. Unfortunately, when I went to the shipping agency I was told that it had broken down, and that the sailing would be delayed until midnight. 

While I was talking to the agent, a Greek businessman, also booked on the same ferry, came in and stood behind me. He was a good looking guy of about thirty-five, and was quite upset at the delay. After complaining to the agent, he said that he would spend some of the wasted time on the beach and asked me if I would like to go with him. 

Now I have to say at this point that at the time of this adventure I was nearly nineteen and waiting to go to university. I have always had an innocent looking face and a nice tight body. I have always been gay and have never had any problem meeting guys; in fact, sometimes I have had to fight them off. So, when this Greek guy, who's name turned out to be Marinos, issued the invite I was unsure exactly what he had in mind, but decided to go along and see what transpired. 

We got into his BMW and drove to the Antisamos Beach, which was about five kilometers out of town. I got my speedos out of my pack and we both got changed in the car, during which time I got a good look at his body, a nice tight bod, just the right amount of body hair and a usefully large cock. I started thinking to myself, "I hope that this guy is gay, and not just a friendly character." 

After swimming in the Ionian Sea, we settled down to some sun bathing and I got my answer when he helped me to put sun tan lotion on my back. His hand strayed underneath my shorts, and a couple of fingers explored the inner cheeks of my youthful bum. When it was my turn to massage lotion onto his back, I made sure that a hand accidentally slipped under him and felt his lunch-box. 

We stayed on the beach all the afternoon and early evening before driving back to town and stopping at a small, dockside taverna. After eating lamb kleftica and drinking retsina, we sat there looking at each other and imagining what the sex would be like on our night trip across the Ionian. 

There was no pretense about his intentions , he told me that he was very randy and was going to fuck me legless. That by the time the ship arrived at Zakinthos Town, I would be very sore, but satisfied. 

The time came to board the ferry, and after parking the car, we made our way to the open deck, by the lifeboats. At first other people were also on deck, but soon they all went below to the bar or to find somewhere to sleep, leaving us on our own. Marinos started kissing me, telling me how beautiful I was, then unbuttoning my shirt and kissing and sucking my nipples. I was overcome by lust and my cock was like a bar of steel, except that it was pulsing. 

My lover undid my jeans and pulled them and my briefs down to my ankles. His kisses left my nipples and started moving down my body, over my dead flat tummy, until his lips just touched the end of my uncut cock. I thought that I would die as he got down to serious sucking, cuddling my balls, and fingering my expectant ass. I could not last for long; I was so fired up. And before the ship had cleared the southern tip of the island of Ithaca I shot jet after jet of scalding hot cum into his mouth. 

I was totally relaxed now, and happy to be bent over a pile of life rafts and lubed up by his eager fingers. My shirt was open, and my jeans and briefs were around my ankles as I felt his large cock move between my ass cheeks. Then a slow, gentle push and he was in as far as my rosebud. He asked me if I was all right and when I cried yes, yes the cock pushed upwards and onwards, until I was impaled up to the hilt. 

He started fucking me with long, slow strokes, and although my ass was stretched, I was not in any pain. Then he picked up speed and power, but all the time keeping in complete control. When he got near to cumming he simply slowed down, even stopped, in order to prolong our mutual pleasure. I was bent over those life rafts, being ass-fucked by a master for about forty minutes, before he shot his load into my bowels. 

We then went to the bar to get a well-earned drink and I thought that was the end of it, but no. After a rest and a beer, there I was bent over again, for another marathon shagging session. In all, he fucked me three times before the port of Zakinthos appeared on the horizon. 

As he drove me to my friend's hotel at Kalamaki, I felt like my bottom was sorer than it had ever been, even when I first lost my cherry. I would dearly love to experience another night crossing with Marinos again, being shagged endlessly under a gentle Greek moon.