 Chapter 42: Wrath Of The Sea

The group sprinted in the woods. All of a sudden, emergency lights started flashing throughout the trees, wailing sirens rang out through the night air.

"What's goin on?!" Jamal demanded.

"Someone must've set off an alarm!!" Yuri replied.

"I'm too feckin old for dis!" Grandma grumbled as they ran.

"No!" Adam cried, "No! Not when we're so close!" He grasped Merrick's hand.

"Hurry!" Belinda called, "Dey arr coming!" 

The group located the van, and dashed quickly to it. Jamal threw the door open, and had Grandma climb in first. Yuri jumped onto the front seat, and fastened her seatbelt. Belinda stepped right in, and Adam followed suit.

"Alright!" Adam said, "Let's get-" Merrick pulled his hand away. "Merrick?" The merman looked out into the red-flashing woods, "Merrick! What are you doing?!"

"Hurry up, man!" Jamal shouted, "We gotta go!"

"..." Merrick frowned as he can hear the distant rumbling.

"What are you waiting for?!" Yuri shouted, "We gotta go! NOW!"

"NO!" Merrick shouted. He turned around, and looked upon the humans and mermaid, "I'm not leaving..."

"What?"

"Wha?"

"Huh?!"

"Eh?!"

"I'm not leaving like this..." He shook his head, before looking at Belinda, "Latol- *Ahem* Belinda..." Merrick said, "They had images of you. You're one of their targets. If they had any a shred of proof, you would have been dragged here like me."

"Dat no mattrr!" She said, "We ahr out! We must-"

"No! Don't you see?!" Merrick said.

"We here fo YOU!" Jamal said, "We got chu outta there, and we ain't letting you near that place!"

"He's right, Merrick!" Yuri said, "Lets leave well enough alone, and get out of here while we can!" 

"You don't get it!" Merrick said as he pointed out, "THESE humans... This Nigel... The man who has done THIS to me!" He gestured to himself, "He is a ruthless monster... I can't allow him to do this to anyone else!"

"Merrick!" Adam said, "That lady says she's reporting him! If we leave now, Nigel will never have anything to do with us again!"

"I can't trust her to do away with him!" Merrick said, "That human... That Nigel... I see it in his eyes... No human law will ever hold him down... Throw him in a prison and chain him up, it won't matter. He'll just arrange for his release, and begin his atrocities all over again! He will NEVER stop... Whatever the cost, that human will always harbor cruelty where ever he exists!"

"Yur pushin yur luck, boyo!" Grandma said, "We didn't come here to let ya run off!"

"Belinda..." Merrick said, "Can you hold them here..."

"Merrick..." She said, "What ahr you-"

"Can you HOLD them here?!" He demanded, "ANSWER me, Latolcus!"

Belinda shook as she can see a fierce determination in his eyes, "Yees..." Her arms started to pale, "I cahn..."

"Merrick," Adam said, "Merrick, what are you saying??" The merman walked up to his human, "Merrick... What are you planning???"

"All I need is the ocean." The merman said, "All I have to do is go into the water. If Nigel follows me... He's finished."

"Merrick, NO!" Adam exclaimed, "What about the Capricorn?! If you go into the ocean, you're as good as dead!!"

"...No." Merrick's answered calmly, "The Capricorn wouldn't dare show its face. Not for what I plan to do."

"What are you talking about?!"

"I love you Adam," Merrick kissed Adam's lips for a short moment, "I'll be back on the shore by morning..."

"Merrick..." Adam's eyes watered up, "Merrick, NO!" The merman turned, and began to trot away, "NO!!" Adam took one step, and immediately felt a strong hold grab his waist. He looked down, and saw a peach and white tail squeeze on him, "Belinda, no!"

"I ees sorry, Adahm..." Belinda said, who is now in her true, sea snake form. She placed her clawed hand onto the van, and it glowed a subtle sheen, enclosed in a barrier.

"WHAT DEH FECK ARE YA DOIN?!"

"Stop! Let us out!"

"Break it down! NOW!"

"I'm sorry!" Belinda shouted, "I must protect all of you!! He want dees!"

"MERRIIIIIICCK!!" Adam shouted.

~~~

Merrick sprinted through the trees, his legs leaping from one patch of ground to a nearby root -- he has become quite agile from his time on the land. He doubts any other merfolk can move as he is through the dark terrain he's in.

"I'm sorry Adam..." He muttered, "I'll make this as fast as I can... I promise!" He said.

"Shining Sea Mother..." Merrick prayed, "Please grant me strength..."

A large, boat-like tank rolled down the way. Nigel looks around the red-flashing woods through his binoculars. He anticipated that an underling or two might have the gall to pull an idiotic stunt as to actually interfere with his project, so he secretly arranged to have alarms placed all around the agency -- only ones set to go off when a particular area has been crossed by a guest of his, so he can pin-point the trouble.

"I think I see him..." He said. Meanwhile, a guard clicks a highly advanced rifle together. "Lets teach him not to ruin any party of mine..."

~~~

"Let me go!" Adam begged, pulling strongly against Belinda's tail, "Let me go, Belinda!! THEY'RE GOING TO KILL HIM!!"

"I cahnt!" Belinda sobbed, "He want me to protect you!" She said, "He ees Piscien Triton! He ees not helplass!"

"I can't just leave him like this!!" Adam cried, "Please, I'm begging you!!" His muscles are beginning to feel sore from all the effort of fighting the constricting hold.

"I won't let you die!" She said. "Eef he has a plan, you weell only git in teh way!"

"He's been through enough, dammit!" Adam yelled, "I can't let them take him away again!!" His knees gave in as he fell to the ground, "Please..." He sobbed, "I can't lose him again..."

~~~

"Come on..." Merrick muttered as he sped through. He can smell the ocean -- it's so close. His eyes brightened when he saw a cliff, and spotted the white glisten of the moonlight on the sea's surface, "There it is!"

He turned his head where he was hearing a lot of rumbling and shouting, "Come and get me, Monsters...!" He challenged silently as he ran.

Just as he stepped out of the woods, a bight light flashed on where he stood. He covered his eyes with his hand, and peered through his squinting eyes. He can see Nigel! 

The merman walked this time, towards the edge of the cliff.

~~~

"There he is..." Nigel said. "Lets not take any chances."

"Yessir." The sniper said as he put a bullet into his weapon. Meanwhile, Nigel brought up a megaphone, and held it to his mouth.

=KSH=

"=END OF THE LINE, MERRICK=" Nigel called out, "=SURRENDER QUIETLY. YOU HAVE NO CHANCE OF ESCAPE=" Merrick responded with a strange hiss-like cry of defiance, "=YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT WE ARE HEAVILY ARMED, AND WE'RE MORE THAN PREPARED TO TAKE YOU BY FORCE ="

"Just TRY it!" Merrick yelled back.

~~~

The alarms have shut off -- all the sirens have ceased, the red lights have died out, and all that could be heard is random shouting. Adam pants harshly as he sprints through the trees. He can make out a bight light in the distance. 

"Ahh!!" He yelped as he tripped over a tree right, and fell to the ground. He ignored the fall, and scrambled back up, running as fast as he can!

"Hh!!" He gasped as he spotted Merrick, looking as if he's taking his final stand.

"Merrick!" He yelled as he ran.

~~~

"I'm ready for you..." Merrick growled as he took a few steps backward. "Come... Come to me..." He muttered, "I dare you... Come and get me..." Merrick held his arms open as he glared at the bright flares, almost blinding him.

He can hear a couple of more large human vehicles -- pseudo tanks emerging from the noise and darkness. More humans to hunt him down and capture him. So many blind pawns who bend to every command, to try and close an innocent in for more torment. These are the heartless, mindless savages that merfolk are so afraid of.

They can share in the punishment as well.

~~~

"Take aim..." Nigel muttered, "Remember, shoot to injure, not to kill." 

"I have him..." The sniper said as he looked though his scope. The target pointed to the middle of the spectrum, and he aimed at Merrick's torso -- a very narrow shot, right near the vital organs. A very risky shot, but he knows he's got it -- a bit extreme for what Nigel asked for, but it'll definitely stop the merman from moving for a few days.

~~~

"Hhh! Hhh! Hhh! HHHhhH!" Adam wheezed as he ran out of the forest. He turned his head, and spotted Nigel! His bandage is gone! His face doesn't have a single scratch on it! He is standing, looking at Merrick! There are a handful of heavy-artillery tanks -- they look like that can be a land-based submarine!

His eyes widened as he spotted a guard in black, holding a rifle, and looking through it. Every once of pain vanished from his body as he rocketed at the merman.

~~~

"You have a lock on him?" Nigel calmly asked, "Remember, I want him alive."

"Yes..." The sniper said, his finger on the trigger.

"Good. Fire." Nigel instructed.

~~~

"MERRICK!!!" 

The merman turned, and gasped as he saw his human lover about to tackle him in the air.

Everything enters into slow motion.

Merrick's blue eyes starred into Adam's brown eyes as the man moved closer. 

Adam's hands planted onto Merrick's chest.

The merman slowly finds himself airborne, drifting away from his lover's face of terror, and his hands. 

He can't even find the moment to reach out, or the reason to even speak as his mouth hangs open.

A shriek of thunder screeched in the air of silence.

Merrick's eyes widened as a surge of deep red flew from Adam's side facing the ocean, as he hovered suspended in the air. 

Adam's eyes screamed as he can feel the hot liquid escape his body. 

Both men slowly descended onto the ground, the crimson soaring through the void, and splashing onto the grass. 

Noises echoed and refracted through time and space as Merrick fell on his back, and saw his man curl in agony in his own blood.

"...Adam?" Merrick whimpered. The white uniform Adam wears began to turn red on his sides. "ADAAMMM!" He scrambled to get to him.

~~~

"Damn," The sniper said as he opened his gun clip, "Should I refire, sir?"

~~~

"ADAM!!" Merrick crawled quickly to Adam. "ADAM! Speak to me! ADAM!!"

Adam lies there, motionless. His eyes are closed, his mouth is ajar, while his sides are oozing blood.

"I told you to leave!" Merrick sobbed, "Why did you do this?!" His talk can barely be legible, clouded with intense emotion, "Why are you... Adam what did..." Adam remains unresponsive. 

"A-Adam?" Merrick shoved his lover a little, "Adam... Adam, say something..." He put his hands onto Adam's face, "Adam!" He put one hand onto Adam's shoulder and shook, "ADAM!" Merrick's stomach began to sink, as Adam shows no sign of life.

"ADAM! Wake up! Adam, NOOO!" He cried as he shook Adam harshly, while Adam's head swayed limply as his arm flopped to the grass. "Adam! WAKE UP!! Hhh?!" Merrick gasped as he looked at his own hand, now suddenly drenched in crimson fluid. The merman shrieked a small cry as he jumbled back, suddenly realizing the small puddle of red on the grass, his knees now freshly coated in the deep red. 

"Adam...?" Merrick huffed and sobbed as he deftly traced his fingertips on Adam's cheek, flinching as he saw three thin lines of red where he touched him, "Ahhiiii... A-Ahh..." His mouth quivered and shook as the terrible truth began to spiral inside him.

"A-Adam..." Merrick whimpered as he put his clean hand under the brown hair, looking at those calm eyelids, "Adam... No, please, no..." Merrick croaked as tears flooded his eyes while he pressed his blood-covered hand against Adam's limb palm. "Adam..." Merrick sobbed as he leaned in, pressing his forehead onto Adam's. He huffed and panted as his insides tore him apart beneath his skin. His hand squeezes Adam's as he wept profusely.

As he sat there, holding his lifeless mate in his arms, Merrick's lungs began to grow. His cries eventually evolved into drawing breaths. His chest is beginning to hurt severely, his heart is straining in his ribs, his throat feels as though it's turning into wood. 

"Ghhh... Hahhhhh... Hagghhh..." His hands clenched tighter onto Adam's body, feeling more hot liquid seep and roll along his forearm. Merrick hacked a few violent coughs as he tried to breathe. 

His voice rose higher and higher as he could not seem to control himself. His stomach feels like it's inflating, expanding with fiery needles, like a line of cold, black gunpowder as a spark of heat races around in an elaborate maze in every inch of Merrick's body. His chest tightened and retracted, feeling as if he's about to explode.

Merrick finally lost all control and let the overpowering combustion inside of him take over his mind, as his mouth opened and his head reared up.

"EEEEYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"

An outbreak of a glass-breaking roar echoes throughout the land that lasted at least ten seconds. The air itself seems to quiver in terror as the trees ruffled without the slightest breeze present. Every animal within hearing distance immediately fell silent.

~~~

"No. Don't refire." Nigel said just as the sniper prepared his rifle, "I think we have his full attention now."

The nearby guards looked at Nigel, half of them seriously questioning Nigel's sanity.

~~~

Merrick's soul burns with searing outrage. Every trace of his heart is replaced with overwhelming hated, unable to remember any sort of good in this world. His memories begin to crumble into shards inside his head as his skin tightened on every inch of his body. 

No human is ever as safe as it's supposed to look. They're all ruthless, vicious, lying, killing cowards. They're monsters! They have to die...

He'll do it. Merrick will kill them. He'll kill every single human alive. After taking away his only reason for living in this cursed world of evil primates, Merrick will hunt down and break every stinking human he can see! Every kind human who ever dared to-

"Nh..." 

"HHH!!!" Merrick gasped as he looked down. His entire sense of balance and power has completely shifted. His whole body feels as if both made of lightning and ice. The scales of light and dark in his soul reach an equal impasse as he looks down on his blood-soaked love.

Adam's eyes clenched hard as a pained grunt could be heard from him. His teeth clenched as he hand gradually tightened like a vice upon Merrick's. The merman's insides has transmuted from molasses of agonizing rage and loathing to quick-running mercury of hope and disbelief.

"It hurts..." Adam whined out, "It hurts so much..." He grunts a his legs shifted, digging harshly into the ground, "I can't see..." He said, despite his eyes being tightly closed, "Where... I can't, please, help-"

"Hang on, Adam! Please hang on!" Merrick immediately took the upper part of Adam's uniform off, and tore it apart into ragged strips. At some point in time, Merrick requested Yuri to teach him how to handle extreme emergencies such as this. Though he's nowhere near a first aid kit, he can at least come up with a rough tourniquet with this cloth Adam has been forced to wear.

Merrick sniffled and sobbed as he placed thick folds of the uniform over both of Adam's bullet wounds, and tied it harshly tight on Adam's torso "UHHnhhhh" Adam grunted hoarsely as Merrick tied the bandage tight. If not to stop the bleeding, this will at least make it slow down. 

"Where's that, ghhh... Fucking Latolcus when we need her." Merrick sobbed angrily. If Belinda was here, she could at least get a head start on healing Adam.

"What's going on???" Adam whimpered as he writhed on the grass, "Merrick, where are you..." 

"It's ok, Adam" Merrick wept, "It's going to be ok, please... Please be ok..."

~~~

The land-subs drove a little further, before Nigel dismounted his vehicle, and taking a few, deliberate steps, but keeping his distance, "There I was. Celebrating." He began, "Food, music, dancing, and having a ball. I suppose you wouldn't know about that, would ya?" He asked. Merrick turned his head, glaring at the figure through the bright lights, "And for the first time in I don't know how long... I was feeling so alive. When I receive a Code Red Alert from my Agency... An unauthorized release of detainees. Well, you can imagine how perturbed I was. I had to shut down the party long before I could finish enjoying it."

The merman seethed as he shook with fury, "Celebrating WHAT?!"

Nigel held his arms open, "I'm cured." Merrick looked at him with disbelief.

"Cured of what?!" 

"For the longest time, I have suffered a stigma that has been eating away in my insides. My life had been cut in half, but you." Nigel chuckled and shook his head, "Oh, you miracle, you."

"What are you talking about?!" Merrick demanded.

"Your tears Merrick." Nigel answered, "I have been dangerously ill for many years, and my top scientist was able to replicate the make-up of your tears, and engineer a miraculous vaccine for me. A day and a half later, my body has never been healthier!" Nigel brought his hands to the air, "I AM CURED!!!" Merrick growled in anger, sorely tempted to kill every human here with his screech, were it not for his Adam cringing in his arms.

"My scientists were even able to make an ointment from your tears," Nigel pointed the to side of his face where Merrick had slapped jellyfish tentacles onto him, "Healed up within a day."

"You heartless demon!" Merrick yowled out, "Shameless bastard! How DARE you use my essence to heal yourself?!"

Nigel looked back down at the merman, holding his critically injured lover, "Regardless. I have more time to achieve my destiny." Nigel held out his hand, standing a good 20 ft away from the two young men, showing the Merrick will have to come to him, "I request we start anew. Come and help me, Merrick. We can treat Adam right here and now if you agree to teach me everything about merfolk." Merrick huffed deeply as hatred clawed at his heart. "If not... He will die in your arms in minutes." He added coldly.

This man... He says they can heal Adam right away... It's so tempting... But Nigel said he was cured, that he has more time to achieve whatever chaotic fantasy he has for himself... Nigel has a lot less to lose now, and yet he just made to forcefully to stop Merrick -- the wound that is now hindering Adam so severely.

Adam groaned weakly in agony, slowly shaking his head as he winced badly. Merrick cried as he hunched over, rubbing his forehead against Adam. 

"Adam..."

"Merrick... I'm scared..." Adam whimpered as he sobbed quietly.

"... I love you, Adam..." 

"So," Nigel called out, "I take it we have a deal?"

Merrick took several deep breaths, gathering his strength "... I am ending this..." He whispered as he kissed Adam's forehead. 

The merman stood up, and faced the harsh lights in front of them, glaring with hatred at the man who is consumed in cruelty, his own hands red with the blood of his one true love. 

"No. Nigel, this has gone far enough!" Merrick proclaimed.

"Merrick." Nigel said, "I may be in perfect health now," His eyes narrowed through his glasses, "But I am not a patient man."

"Listen very carefully before you try and capture me again, Human." Merrick said, "You, are a ruthless, cold-blooded, deceitful man. You are a disgrace to your kind, reflected in every word you speak, in every move you make!" 

Adam groaned as he turned himself over, and pushed his arms down onto the grass.

"You are a black-hearted beast who will only INFECT the sanctity of merfolk! No matter what the cost, I will NOT allow you to bring your vile presence into my world!"

"You really are making this more dramatic than this needs to be." Nigel said.
