 Things were going great at the office, we were making a ton of money and I had moved into managment as Mark's right hand man. We had closed deals that usually never were closed and things were going crazy.

Mark had set up an office party that promised to be a huge blow-out. He rearranged the top floor of our building to make it one open area with food, a bar, dance floor, and a jazz band. He even arranged hotel rooms at a nice joint down the street so no one would have to worry about getting hammered and driving. The two-hundred or so people that worked for the company showed up around 7p.m. and the party got started. 

I was with my wife, Maria, as we arrived. Maria was short, 4'11", and weighed about 100 pounds. She was compactly built, well proportioned with perky tits that were perfect for her size. She wore a little red dress that accented her red hair and milk white skin, she was hot.

"You look lovely, Maria," Mark said as he shook my hand and gave Maria a hug and a peck on the cheek.

"Thanks," we both replied in semi-unison.

"Without Jim," Mark said, " we wouldn't be here tonight."

"I'm glad he gets to work for someone," Maria said jokingly.

We laughed and I blushed as I thought about the hot fling Mark and I were having. We started shortly after he arrived and when coupled with the hard work I was putting, I was moving up the ladder. We were very discreet and usually met one or two times a week for our fun time. Going on business trips with him was pure bliss, as we would fuck and suck as much as possible. We had even had threesomes and foursomes with clients that he had "long-standing relationships" with.

Maria and I mingled with co-workers, danced a bit, and took advantage of the bar. We became separated and mingled separately, I noticed her talking to Mark as I began talking with and Indian man who was a vendor for us.

His name was Anish, he was around six feet tall and had close cropped hair. He was fit and wearing a business casual outfit with khakis and a golf shirt. I noticed him glancing at my crotch frequently and he seemed nervous. I began glancing back and noticed a nice bulge portruding from his pants. We began talking about some software problems and he offered to see what the problem was. We walked downstairs and went to my office two floors down. 

When we walked in, he walked slowly to the computer and turned it on. He stood up while I sat next to him. He was nervous.

"I think it started with the last system update," I said.

"Yeah," he replied, "the updates have been causing a lot of problems."

"We've added some new back-up systems that could be a problem as well," I said, staring at the bulge sitting a few feet from my face.

I took the plunge and reached for it. He let out a gasp as I gripped the bulge and slowly rubbed it.

"Is this a good idea?" he asked nervously.

"What do you think?" I replied.

"I want to," he said, "but I don't want to get in trouble."

"You won't," I said while I unzipped his pants.

I gasped in shock at what popped out, at least ten inches of hard cock. It was thick and he shaved his balls. It was bigger than Mark's eight inch. I was trembling as I made my next move.

He let out a groan as I instantly inhaled his monster, taking it as deep as I could. I began ravensously pumping his rod with my mouth. I could barely get six or seven inches in, so I began pumping with my hand as well. His smell and the softness of his cock were intoxicating as I sucked him furiously.

Anish grabbed the back of my head and started face-fucking me. He drove his cock in deeper, holding it there for a few seconds and making me gag. I surpressed the gag relex and took his fucking while I reached around and began rubbing his anus, slowly at first, then picking up steam as he kept fucking my mouth. He began moaning and pumping my face harder.

I could tell he was ready as he clutched my hair, drove his cock home to the back of my throat, and let out a loud, feral cry as his cock began to eject its hot, thick load down my throat. He groaned and beyed as he finished his business, shooting load after load into the back of my throat with so much force that it began spewing out of my lips and down my neck. I held him in my mouth as he relaxed, slowly and gently sucking as his cock became soft. He let out soft moans as I brought him down.

"Thanks," he said as he pulled his pants up.

"My pleasure," I replied while I wiped my face and neck off.

"Maybe we can work some more problems out later, like at my place," he stated, with a touch of excitement in his voice.

"Can do, call me," I said as he quickly left the office, leaving me with a giant boner.

I was getting ready to jerk off when I heard a noise down the hall and thought better of it. 

I finished cleaning up and walked down the dimly lit corridor. A few office lights were on and I heard talking and activity in a few. I peeked in on some of them to see some of my coworkers clandestinely fucking their spouses, girlfriends, one time hookups, or fellow employees. This was a true hedonistic party, man I love them.

That didn't help the boner problem as I walked up one flight of stairs and decided to walk around some more before heading back to the festivities. The floor was mostly conference rooms and Mark's office space. It was quite dark and I heard some moaning coming from one of the meeting areas.

I slowly approached the door, trying not be noticed. The door was slightly cracked and I peeked in. There was Maria, sitting in a chair, spread eagle, her dress around her waist, tits exposed and a man between her legs eating her pussy wildly. He really had her worked up and by the tone of her moaning I could tell she was getting close to orgasm. 

That's when I noticed the guy between her legs was Mark! His pants were off and his raging erection was stabbing the air as he brought Maria closer to the climax. She bagan to shudder and moan while hyperventilating (as she always did when she came). That's when Mark flipped her over onto her knees, stood up, and drove his cock into her waiting cunt.

He dwarfed my tiny wife, his 6'5" frame towering in contrast to Maria's petite, hot body.

He wasted no time pounding her hard and fast, driving his cock as deep as it could go with each thrust. Maria was almost screaming by now, his fucking was hurting her a bit, but she loved the animalistic fucking she was receiving. At one point her head was driven into the wall with no small force and it didn't even stop them as Mark fucked her harder, finally letting out a bestial groan as he began pumping his load into her once-tight pussy.

They both sat there for a minute or two and finally separated. Maria quickly dressed, kissed Mark deeply, said something to him, which I could't hear, and headed for the door. I quickly moved into an adjoining room and hid as Maria walked by and went back upstairs.

I waited a few minutes, taking it all in. I was shocked to say the least, but not mad. I was incredibly turned on by the spectacle, as my furious hard-on testified to.

I walked out and decided to go back to the party when I noticed Mark hadn't left the room. I walked in, closed the door, and looked at him for a second, he hadn't raised his pants and had a semi erect cock drooping down to the floor.

"Hell of a party," I said, trying to be coy.

"Yes it is," Mark replied, nervously.

"I always imagined this as what Caligula's parties must have been like," I noted.

"Yeah," he said with a half laugh.

"Half the staff is below us fucking like rabbits," I said.

"Really?" Mark said, slightly surprised.

"Have you met Anish?" I asked.

"The contractor who maintains the databases?" Mark asked.

"The same," I replied.

"Yeah, haven't chatted with him at length," he said, still seeming nervous.

"He's got a spectacular cock," I stated.

"Sounds like you've had first hand experience," he said in a questioning way.

"Yeah, looks like you've been busy as well," I remarked, nodding to his cock.

"Yeah," he said, trying to avoid eye contact.

I walked over and knelt between his legs, using my arms and the arms of the chair to pin him down as I ran my tongue up and down his cock. He squirmed as I licked, trying to escape.

"Something tastes familiar here," I said wryly, still trying to act like I didn't know.

"I never meant it to happen, I just...," He began saying nervously as I cut him off.

"What," I said, "you mean fuck my wife?"

"Yeah," he replied.

"No problem," I said while stroking my tongue down his rod, "it was pretty hot to watch."

"You saw that?" he asked with a shocked and puzzled expression on his face.

"Yep, you fucked the hell out of her," I said.

"I guess I did," he said with a tinge of relief in his voice.

"You're not mad?" he asked.

"Nope," I replied, "kind of hard to be when I've been getting fucked like that myself."

"That's good," he said.

"How did it start anyway?" I said.

"We were dancing and she said she thought it was a shame that I was gay," he said, trying to control his laughter.

"I asked her what I could do to prove to her I wasn't," he continued.

"Well you know you're coming over for dinner Sunday?" I asked.

"Sounds like it could be fun," Mark said as he moved in to kiss me.

We both laughed as he indulged me by sucking me off before heading back to the party, which took less than a minute as horny as I was.