 I walk into your office. You look up and see me standing there and I say, "Hey, how are you?", acting casual, trying desperately to make myself more comfortable and forget why I've come here.

You smile, refusing to let me pretend, and reply, "Never mind how I am, we both know why you're here. Why don't you tell me."

I stand awkwardly, tongue tied and ashamed, but you won't break the silence and finally I know I have to give you the answer you already know, but force me to say anyway, "I want to suck your cock again."

"Lock the door." you say and then get up and walk out of the office.

I lock the door and follow you obediently. I walk into the basement area, thinking that you'd gone upstairs only to find you standing in the basement facing me as I walk around the corner.

"Get on your knees," you say.

I drop to my knees in front of you.

"Take it out and suck it."

I reach for your pants and undo them, sliding them down and exposing your cock. I take it in my mouth and begin to suck greedily.

"I knew you'd be back. I knew you'd need a cock in your mouth again, I could tell from the first time that you love sucking cock..," you tell me as I suck you. 

I just keep sucking, wanting nothing else in the world but to have it in my mouth.

"Yea, you're a natural. You were born to suck cock and you know it, don't you? You're a cocksucker alright, aren't you?"

I keep sucking, not wanting to take your cock from my mouth, but you push me off you, "Aren't you."

"Yes," I reply.

"Yes what?"

"Yes, I'm a cocksucker."

"Tell me you were born to suck cock. Say it."

I moan helplessly and say, "I was born to suck cock."

"Yea, so suck it you fucking cocksucker. Suck my cock you slut. Yea, that's it. Look at you, on your knees with your mouth full of cock. You've been wanting that for so long. You know you have, you've been jerking off your whole life wanting a cock in your mouth, haven't you?"

"Mmmmm," I moan pathetically.

"Say it slut."

"Yes. I think about sucking cock every time I jerk off."

"Yea. You're a fucking cocksucker alright. That's it suck my cock and then I'm going to cum all over your face."

I moan again from the things you say to me, ashamed but turned on knowing they're all true, your cock stuffing my mouth and barely stifling my moans.

"Yea, that's what you want, isn't it?"

Too humiliated to pretend any longer, I take your cock from my mouth just long enough to reply, "Yea, cum on my face. Shoot your cum all over me."

You push my head back and begin to stroke yourself quickly over my face.

I'm out of control. My long suppressed and deepest desires come spilling out as I beg, "Yea, cum on my face. Please, come on, cum on me. Shoot your hot cum on my face. Please. Come on." My begging is rewarded by the sight of your cum shooting from your cock and splashing all over my face. I feel it hit on my forehead and my chin. I lick at the head and eat the cum that doesn't land on my face. Finally done shooting, you step back and look at me, on my knees with your cum all over me, rubbing at my hard cock through my pants.

"Stand up," you tell me. 

"Take out your cock and show me how hard you got from me coming all over your slut face." I stand and pull my aching cock from my pants.

"Stroke it. Make yourself cum for me." 

I begin stroking myself desperately and you cup your hand over the end of my cock.

"I'm going to feed you some more cum," you tell me.

I keep stroking.

"That's it, keep stroking and I'll feed you some more cum you slut. You need more don't you?"

"Yea, feed it to me. Give me more cum. I want more cum, please. More cum." I erupt into your waiting hand. You feel several hard spurts and your hand is nearly full when you bring it to my face, smearing it all over my face and into my mouth. I moan and lick at your hand.

"Now go home and don't you dare wipe that cum off your face until you get home."

I pull my pants back up and go to my car. I drive home, still in a daze and can feel the cum all over my face. I'm hoping that I don't meet anyone else as I walk into my apartment and luck is on my side since I don't. I walk into the bathroom and look in the mirror and my face is covered with cum. I don't wipe it off, but instead wipe it towards my mouth with my hand and lick the rest from my fingers.

I wait for you to call me again.