 I don't know when I first fell for Chad. It was probably during my first year of college, soon after I met him, but regardless, by the time junior year rolled around I was desperately in love with him. I had never considered myself gay, but I would honestly have done anything to be with Chad.

Chad is attractive, with the physique of a high school football player, but it's more than that. His personality is just magnetic. Anyone who's met him once smiles when they talk about him, and anyone who's lucky enough to be in his inner circle is regarded with jealousy by others.

Despite the fact that he typically shines with light, Chad does have a dark side. When his mom got sick in our sophomore year, he withdrew a bit. Sometimes he would ask one of our larger friends to fight him, bare-knuckled, and the fights were brutal. But after his mom got better, that part of his personality faded away, and he was once again the beacon of charisma that everyone loved.

At the onset of our junior year, Chad started dating Kristine. Kristine was amazing, which only made me hate her more. I wanted Chad, but Kristine got him. As he spent more and more time with with her, I felt lost; somehow, I'd built my life around him, and when he left my world started to crumble. That's probably what led me to the most selfish thing I've ever done.

It happened on a Friday evening. It'd been a long week, and some of us went out for a drink. We didn't usually get drunk, but we liked the atmosphere of the local bar. Sitting there, I saw Chad checking out a guy at the bar. At first I thought I might have imagined it, but the more I watched, the more sure I was that Chad was examining the guy's body. When the man looked our way, I saw Chad blush and look down.

For so long, I'd sat on my desire, sure that there was no way that I could ever be with him. But now I suspected that there was a potential that we could be together. But how could I be with him when he was with Kristine?

Admittedly, I drank a bit too much that night. And, on my way home, I slipped a note under Kristine's apartment door. 

-

The next afternoon I heard my doorbell. I got off the couch and opened the door. I barely had time to react before a fist slammed into my face. I staggered back, and my hands leapt to my face; between my fingers, I saw Chad shoving his way into my apartment. His face was the darkest I'd ever seen; storm clouds danced across his face.

"You asshole," he said, shoving the note at me. I saw that his left hand held a pistol. "Did you think I wouldn't recognize your handwriting? I thought you were my best friend, and this is how you repay me?"

He waved the gun in my face. "She broke up with me, Steven! Kristine was the best thing that ever happened to me; what did I ever do to you that you would take her from me like this?"

I couldn't answer. I looked at the note. "Ask Chad if he's gay." Why had I written that? What was I thinking? I looked at the gun. This was not the Chad that I knew. This was the dark Chad.

"Well guess the cat's out of the bag. Am I gay? I don't know. Maybe. But I think I'm about to find out. You ruined the best thing in my life, and you're going to pay for it."

I was terrified. I couldn't stop looking at the gun, which he was waving menacingly. "Chad. I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking. Please, don't do anything you'll regret. Come on, Bro; it's me!"

"You know what, Steven? You're right. I'm not going to do something I'll regret. I'm going to do something you'll regret. I'm about to fuck your face; how's that for an answer to your question?"

I was caught off guard; I didn't know how to react. This was exactly what I had wanted for so long, but I couldn't let Chad know that; he wanted to hurt me, and I was sure that he thought this would be the worst punishment possible. Somehow, I managed a mask of disgust. "No, Chad. Come on. Dude, please!"

But he was already taking off his pants. "Shut up, you bitch. You're doing this. And you'd better do a good job, or I'm going to beat the shit out of you.. Thanks to you, I have nothing left to lose."

I got down on my knees, but managed to maintain a terrified expression. The gun, along with the very serious threat, helped.

"Wait," he said. "Take off your shirt. You don't get to be dressed for this." I did so. "Now swallow it."

His dick was next to my mouth. His cut lines and abs were right in front of my eyes. I felt my own cock growing hard as I took the tip of his treasure into my mouth. Suddenly, my head was knocked to the side by a blow from his fist. "Hey, bitch. Watch your teeth. Anything you do that I don't like is going to earn you another punch."

I thought about what I would want in a blowjob. This time, I wet my lips. Again, I took his tip in my mouth and licked around the edge of the head. It stiffened a little bit. Wrapping my teeth in my lips to be sure I didn't bite him again, I took the whole thing in. He tasted salty, and his cock stiffened even more. It was beginning to get too big for my mouth. 

I popped the head out past my lips. Chad looked down at me. "Yeah, Steve. That was nice. Keep going, bitch." I licked down the shaft and took the tip in again. I was glad that he couldn't see my hard penis through my pants; I could not let him know that I wanted this.

I began to bob on his cock, moving my tongue around. I liked the taste, and I was trying to get as much of it as possible. He seemed to enjoy it when my tongue snaked around, so I did it more. I was having trouble keeping the terrified look in my eyes. 

Finally, I abandoned the attempt. I didn't care what happened next; all I wanted right then was to give the man I loved the best blowjob he'd ever had. Chad was standing in front of my couch; I pushed him backward and he fell onto it. As I bobbed more, he began to thrust up into my face. 

He was fully firm at this point. His cock wasn't huge, but it was bigger than my mouth. I decided I would try to deepthroat it. My first attempt hurt my throat and cut off my air supply. Coughing, I sat up. Chad was looking at me curiously. "You're enjoying this, aren't you, bitch?"

I didn't say anything, but took a big breath and went down again. I swallowed the tip of his penis down again. I began to gag, and swallowed again. Every time I swallowed around the tip of his cock he moaned a little bit. I kept going, stroking the base of his shaft and his balls with my hand. I wanted him to cum. I wanted Chad's sperm in my mouth. Oh, god, there was nothing I wanted more than Chad's orgasm in my mouth.

I felt Chad's balls tightening. I swallowed again. He thrust into my mouth. I gagged and swallowed again. He thrust hard. I had to breathe, but I held it for a bit longer. My head was getting light, but I swallowed again. Suddenly, I felt his penis spasming, and I pulled his cock out of my throat as his jizz squirted out into my mouth. It was amazing: creamy, but with the same salty flavor as his penis.

I licked up as much of the sperm as I could. When I looked up, Chad was looking at me with pleasure. "I know why you wrote that note. You really wanted to know, didn't you? You were hoping that I was gay."

I smiled shyly.

"Well... I think I am. And I think I want to fuck you in the ass. And you're going to let me."

My cock, already so hard, leapt even more. It was almost painful. "I'll give you anything you want, Chad. I love you. I think I've always loved you."

He smiled. "Good. Now take off your pants, bitch." This time, when he said bitch, it was a term of endearment.

I quickly stripped off my pants and my boxers. My penis stood straight out, the most swollen I'd ever seen it. I turned my back to him. "Please fuck me, Chad. Please fuck me in the ass."

"First, I'm going to need you to use your skillful tongue to get me hard again," he said. I turned back around and began licking over him. I was surprised at how quickly he got hard; normally, it took me at least an hour after masturbating before I could even start to get hard. I must have really been doing something he liked.

"Okay, bitch. I'm ready." I shivered when he called me a bitch. I was his bitch. I wanted to be his bitch. I gave his cock a few more strokes - like mine, it was a swollen rod - and turned around. I pushed my legs apart and leaned as far forward as I could. 

I could feel the tip of Chad's penis on my asshole. He pushed, and I fell forward. "Hold still," Chad said. I got back into position and held it as firmly as possible. He pushed into me again, and his tip, slick with saliva, pushed into my tight hole.

As he entered, I knew that he was too big. I wasn't supposed to take him like this. But I didn't care. I wanted him inside me, and if I died, I would have him. He pushed in slowly; after he passed a certain point, I felt a thrill and gasped. I pushed back against him, and he went the rest of the way in quickly. 

"Go," I said, "I want your cum in my ass. Please, Chad, cum in my ass. Do it." As I said this, I pushed back against him. He pulled out, and then back in. The ridges on his penis stroked my sphincter and my G-spot. I gasped again. "Come on, Chad. Cum in me. Come on, big boy."

Chad's hands had been on my hips. But, during a brief pause, he wrapped his left arm up onto my chest, his right around my torso. He pulled me onto the couch, so that I sat on his lap, his chest pressed into my back. He thrust up again and again. I bounced up and then pushed down against him. Every time he pushed it hurt, tearing my ass a little more, but it was the most enjoyable pain I'd ever felt. Once again, I felt his balls tighten and his penis twitching as he unloaded his sperm into my ass. As Chad's jizz settled around his penis, it filled up all the tears soothed the pain.

Suddenly, I felt Chad's right hand holding my penis. Still holding me close with his left arm, he began to stroke me as he began thrusting again. "Come on, Steven. I want your cum in my hand. Cum for me, baby."

It only took him a few strokes to get me there. I'd been so hard for so long that it almost exploded. It was quickest orgasm that I'd ever experienced, but it was also the best one I'd ever had. 

He wrapped his right arm around my stomach again, wiping my own sperm on my chest. As I settled back against him, his penis still buried in my asshole, I felt Chad kissing my shoulder. "Yeah. I definitely think I'm gay." I could hear the bright smile on his face, and I smiled, too.