 Chapter One- Luann

Luann watched the white, fluffy flakes as they filtered through her view in the blinds.  It had been snowing since early morning and she was happy to be inside the warmth of Ryan’s flower shop. Her thick mock turtleneck and flannel shirt kept her warm on the outside, but inside she needed nothing extra to warm her; she was already burning with desire.  She watched as Ryan’s long, agile fingers placed the last red rose in the perfect arrangement he had been working on for the last hour.  

 She loved watching him work. The natural talent he had for his craft exuded confidence yet gentleness in every bouquet he created.  Ryan, her Ryan, yet not hers now.  It had been Lulu and Ryan since the sixth grade;  they just fit together.  She had always loved him with her entire being, but now it was with the acceptance that she could no longer have him to herself.  Now there was Peter and Peter made Ryan happy, which is what Luann ultimately wanted.  Yet inside she still burned for him.

“This is ready,” he said in his throaty, raspy voice that still sent chills up her spine.  The delivery driver took the arrangement from him and headed for the back door where The Rose Cottage delivery van was parked in the steady onslaught of snow.

“Take extra care with this one Derek,” Ryan’s eyes smiled at him “ It has to be perfect for her!” 

“I will Mr. Turner, don’t you worry!” Derek replied, walking out the door.

“Wait!” Ryan turned to Luann and saw her daydreaming about him again. “Do you have the card for that honey?” he asked her sweetly coming up behind her.  His breath on her ear made her pussy moist with excitement.  She shook herself out of her trance in which she had been kissing her way down Ryan’s neck, to his muscular chest and then to waistband of his khakis where she knew the treasure of his perfect eight-inch cock lay.

She finally choked out an answer “Yes, I have it right here.”  She glanced at the smallish writing on the card.

She recognized the names; she had seen them many times while putting arrangements in the Cottage delivery van.  This romantic man had always bought his wife Ryan’s special, unique arrangements to mark their important moments together. 

Ryan kissed her cheek, taking the card from between her sweating hands.  He crossed the littered floor of the back room of the flower shop and slipped the card into the metal clip in the gorgeous arrangement.  He always used the best roses; hydroponics, grown in water not soil,  because the stems were sturdier and lasted much longer than regular roses.  Today he had added white tulips, delicate bleeding hearts and white lilies.  Bendy willow added the final touch to the elegant crystal vase that only Ryan would go to the expense of using.

“Remember,” he said to Derek in his most fatherly voice “ drive carefully on these slippery roads, and don’t worry about coming back tonight, I’ll  write you out for an extra hour.”  Derek beamed at the idea of an extra hour of overtime, but then he was always happy to put in extra hours for Mr. Turner.  “Right at six, don’t forget!”  Ryan said and closed the door as snow was starting to drift into the door.

Chapter Two- Ryan

“Are you ready to go Missy?”  Ryan winked at her signaling that he recognized her state. He knew what she wanted, what she craved from him… to love him, consume his flesh and to have him love her in return.

He grabbed his jacket as she slipped off of the tall, swivel stool she had been sitting on.  She always looked like a smooth rippling ribbon when she moved, fluid, blushed and beautiful.  He really did love her.  Always had loved her, he thought back to last weekend… 

…the sky had been threatening snow all day.  They had spent the day cuddling on the couch watching old movies.  The Victorian he had bought the year before in up-state New York was permeated with the sweet smell of cinnamon and apples.  Luann was making an apple pie in the kitchen, while he went to take a shower.   In the solitude of the warm water he let himself think about his other love, his Peter, his lover, his partner, his secret.  Peter was his secret to everyone but Luann.  She had known!  She had always known everything there was to know about him even when he thought he was hiding everything from her, his likes, his dislikes, his passion and his desire.
He and Luann had spent every waking moment they could together since the time they were twelve years old.  They had been “the couple” all the way through high school and college.

Those had been days of denial for him, always trying to be the perfect couple for his parents and their friends and for Luann herself. There had been a couple of hints in high school that Luann was not everything he was looking for. Then they met Peter.  They were in their last year of college and some friends took them to a local brew pub.  Peter worked there and one of the guys they were with that night introduced them.  When Peter took Ryan’s hand in introduction, Ryan thought he would explode.  Peter’s eyes were soft, yet piercing, and his hands smooth, yet firm.  Ryan knew that Peter saw right through him. He blushed and excused himself to the restroom.

They had left the pub and walked back to Ryan’s off campus apartment when Luann brought it up.  He had his hand up under her short crop top and was twisting her thick brown nipples after just coming through the door; when she whispered in his ear; her voice thick with passion “ You want him, don’t you?”

Ryan was dumbfounded.  He stood straight up and looked at her with astonishment. 
The only thing that tumbled from his lips was “What?”

“Baby, don’t try to hide it from me anymore” she said sweetly “ I have known for a long time that you are gay… well, probably BI, huh?”  She smiled at him to try to keep him from getting angry. He withdrew his hand from under her shirt.  “What are you talking about Lulu?” he asked her, still trying to be casual.

“Honey, it’s okay. I’m not mad or anything.  I have known for a long time now. I could see it back in high school, I just was afraid to say anything for fear you would leave me.”  Luann’s voice stayed soft and even in an effort to keep this from becoming a dramatic event.

“ I knew all about you and Joey Sullivan, our senior year” she continued, “did you ever go all the way with him?  I know he absolutely adored you.”  Luann stopped because Ryan’s mouth hung open with shock.  He thought about Joey and how much he loved the sex with him when he finally pushed his throbbing cock into Joey’s soft tight tunnel.  He knew then that it was a man that he wanted to spend his life with, but how could he.  At the time Joey was in love with him and had wanted to tell everyone.  Ryan couldn’t have that; he wasn’t ready. His parents would have just died and Lulu, what would he tell Lulu, plus his reputation would be shot!  No, he told Joey that he didn’t want to be with him, that he loved Luann and that since Joey got accepted to Berkeley, 3000 miles away,that he should go.  It wasn’t far enough for Ryan!  He always lived in fear that Joey would somehow let it slip and someone in his hometown would find out.

But now he realized that she had known all along.  And now there was Peter.  The warm water from the pulsating shower-head beat on his muscular back.  He let his hand slip to his growing member.  He flicked his thumb over the sensitive head and started on the downward stroke toward his balls.  He heard the shower door click open.

“Need some help with that, babe?”  Luann, never subtle, stood naked in front of him.  All five foot two of her, eyes of blue, just like the song said.  She was his gal too.  She had always been his, the only girl he had ever fucked, could even get excited with for that matter. 

“Three months is a long time without him,” Ryan sighed.

“I know sweetie,” she cooed in his ear stopping his hand and wrapping hers around the dark knob of his thick cock where his had been.  He kissed her full in the mouth, his tongue searching for hers and for the passion he knew she craved.  She broke off the kiss and trailed down his chiseled chest to his erection.  She pumped the head through her fist and then bent to plunge it into her hot, wet mouth.  His shaft slid along her tongue and she held it stiff against the sensitive under side. 

“Oh god, Lulu… you do that so good baby.  That’s it, suck my cock hard until I squirt my cum down your beautiful throat!”  She loved hearing him talk dirty.  He was usually so composed that it made her pussy drip with lust when he talked like that.  She continued her assault and had him spurting his ropy, white jets onto her tongue in no time.  She stood up and fed him the cum in her mouth.  That was the ultimate for him, he knew that she understood about his love of men and the high he got from having a load of sperm in his mouth after the first time she did that for him. And she knew he admitted uknowingly what a huge gesture it was between them.  They stayed there under the water, hugging and kissing until the water finally grew cold.  They dashed to the bedroom and climbed under the covers to get warm.  Finally they dressed in warm flannel pajamas, robes and slippers and went downstairs to have the fresh-baked apple pie that Luann had made for him with love.  As the darkness of Sunday rolled in the light of Monday, Ryan was groggy and horny.  He and Lulu had spent the whole weekend making love and still he ached for more.

Those memories, like a thick fog hung over his subconscious.  He watched as she crossed the littered floor of The Rose.   He knew he was in store of another evening of sex between the two of them, but he couldn’t help but think about Peter’s strong, chiseled face as she met him at the door and walked with him to the car.

Chapter Three- Peter

Don’t ask, don’t tell.  That was the Navy’s policy for gays in their service, all branches of the military for that matter.  And Peter respected it.  The first day he met Ryan, he knew he was gay, he knew that he wanted him and he knew that eventually they would be together.  It was all chemistry according to him.  But when it came to telling anyone about their relationship, that was strictly taboo.  Peter had a chance right after he and Ryan became a couple to end his service to the Navy, but not knowing where the relationship was headed and wanting to keep his independence, he re-enlisted.  Ryan was furious.  “You mean we have to go another four years before we can be seen together in public!  That’s ridicules!”  Peter tried to remain calm and not sound callous.  “How do you even know we will still be together in four years?”

It didn’t matter how hard Peter had tried not to; he had cut Ryan right to the core.  It was obviously his first gay relationship and he already had them bedded and wed.
“Because I don’t want to be with anyone else!” Ryan choked out on the verge of tears.  Peter pulled him to his chest and kissed him, hard and furious, passion rising fervently in them both. “Neither do I Ryan, but I can’t give up a career right now.  Can you try to understand?”

Ryan didn’t understand, but after they had stripped and Peter had buried his beautiful cock in Ryan’s tight asshole and plunged it in and out for over ten minutes, rubbing Ryan’s prostate and stretching his sphincter to a huge, pulsing orifice, Ryan relented.
“I hate it when you’re gone for so long too.” Ryan said again while they were lying in bed, cuddled together like a matched set of spoons.  Peter smiled and stroked the back of Ryan’s head, twisting his finger in Ryan’s gorgeous sandy brown hair.  

“I guess we’ll just have to fuck every chance we get between now and then.”  Ryan smiled thinking about how happy he felt when Peter was between his legs licking and tonguing his pink rosebud hole and priming it for the huge head of his cock to slip inside.  He snuggled back into Peter and felt his prick rising against his ass cheek.  Ryan rubbed his ass against Peter’s belly and cock, waiting for the object of his desire to become rigid enough to fuck him again.  Peter started to kiss down Ryan’s back in order to get to his man-pussy, but Ryan stopped him when he flipped over. 

“Like this tonight, I want to see your eyes!”  So Peter crawled up between Ryan’s outstretched knees and kissed the inside of his thighs and along the crease of his legs, to his balls and cockhead and then underneath to his puckered hole.  Peter loved rimming Ryan’s asshole, Ryan was obsessive about keeping himself clean and fresh for Peter’s tongue and even though Peter liked his sex a little raunchier, he loved the fact the Ryan did all of his grooming just to make Peter happy.  Peter continued his assault on Ryan’s anus, hardening his tongue and pushing as far into him as he could.  Then he slipped up and grabbed the KY out of Ryan’s nightstand to coat his dick.  Peter positioned himself above Ryan, with the mushroom shaped head of his cock just pushing at Ryan’s backdoor.  Ryan was overcome with lust at the picture of Peter getting ready to fuck him.  He grabbed onto Peter’s flanks and shoved the cock as far into him as it would go.  Peter’s steeled prick shuddered as it sped past Ryan’s tight ring and pushed up into his fuck tunnel.  He could feel Ryan’s balls hitch and his glands pulse as he hit bottom.

Peter’s big balls bounced against Ryan’s asscheeks and he slowly withdrew a little and began a slow, deep fucking motion into Ryan’s perfect sheath of flesh.  Ryan was blissful.  He loved the sex, the lover and his entire life since Peter had come into it and now with Peter fucking him like he belonged to him, he was overcome with passion, lust and love.  Peter kept fucking him slow and hard, knowing that Ryan wanted to be taken, wanted to be claimed, wanted to be Peter’s property, his sex slave and his only love.

When he came, Peter shot his ropy streams all over Ryan’s stomach and just as he had regained his composure, Ryan started to shoot his cum.  Peter swiftly got down on his elbows in front of Ryan’s exploding cock and collected most of his semen, then he slid up Ryan’s slippery stomach and fed Ryan his own load.  They swirled the salty fuck sauce between their tongues and continued to deeply kiss until Peter rolled to Ryan’s side.   They didn’t say anything else, but they both knew that this was the night that their bond had become as vows and their fucking had been the commitment that sealed their relationship together for the waning hours that Peter would have to be away.  They snuggled and kissed in the morning like newlyweds and Ryan no longer felt as though he would lose Peter to another sailor while he was away.

Peter was not so sure about leaving Ryan with Luann, though.   He liked Luann, she was  happy and accepting of their relationship under what could only be called the weirdest of circumstances.  Peter knew that Luann loved Ryan, had loved him almost all of her life, but she loved him so much that all that mattered to her was his happiness; Peter didn’t quite understand that part.  When Luann had seen how happy Ryan was with Peter, she had insisted he move in with them right away.  Then things started to get even weirder for Peter.  

One night while Ryan and Peter were fucking on Ryan’s bed, Peter heard Luann outside of the door, obviously masturbating.  The next day with puffy red eyes and a broken voice, he saw her telling Ryan how much she wanted to be included in their newfound relationship.  Ryan came to him and explained how it was with them.  How they had grown together while they were growing up.  Peter explained to Ryan point blank.  “I don’t do chicks babe,” he said, “it just doesn’t turn me on.”   

Ryan had looked dejected and that night when Peter came home, he found Ryan pumping Luann’s pussy for all it was worth.  Now it was Peter’s turn to be outraged.  “How could you?” He screamed at Ryan.  “You don’t understand Peter,” Ryan explained as he pulled on his jeans and followed Peter into their bedroom.  “ I never said I would stop my relationship with Lulu.  I just can’t, there is too much there between us, it’s like she is part of me.”

Peter still didn’t understand and had thought about taking all of his shit and leaving that night, but when he found Ryan curled up in a ball on the corner of the bed sobbing later, he decided to try and work the whole thing out.

That was two months before he left on this tour.  For those two months, he and LuAnn gave each other a wide berth.  She kept to herself when Peter was home and Ryan did not bring anything else up about threesomes or including Luann in their sex lives.  Peter knew that Ryan was still fucking her, but somehow after the initial realization, he found it easier to accept.  At the end of September, with fall fast approaching, Peter, Ryan and Luann had a picnic in a park near the house.  They laughed and played as old friends would.  Luann took pictures of Ryan and Peter cuddling together on the old quilt that Ryan had brought along to sit on.  Peter whispered in his ear while they were waiting for her to snap the picture “Don’t forget how good it feels when my cock is opening up your juicy asshole nice and wide.”  Ryan’s smile was huge and defined in the picture and Luann told him that he had never looked more at peace.  Ryan snickered a little, his face getting rosy, when she gave them each framed copies of the picture the day that Peter left for sea. 

That was almost three full months ago and Peter had just gotten word that they were pulling in early from their tour.  He couldn’t wait to surprise Ryan and to get his throbbing cock into that sweet little pucker.

Chapter Four –  Questions and Answers

During that last weekend they had spent together, Ryan had dreamt of having sex.  Having wild, passionate sex with two people; their faces coming in clearer as he felt closer to orgasm.  The first person was Luann, he was plunging his rock hard cock into her steaming, soaked pussy and rolling one of her soft, swollen nipples in his mouth. He could feel close to fulfillment and then happily he felt the throbbing in his ass that always accompanied Peter entering his tightly scrunched rectum.  Peter was behind him in the dream, the blossoming, spongy head of his manhood pressing into him with great enthusiasm.  Ryan had stopped pumping Lulu as the mist swirled around her in the dream. He waited for the figure of Peter to securely lodge his large, granite-like cock fully into his bowels.  Then they all started to fuck together in syncopated rhythm.    Ryan woke with a start and found Lulu next to him in her flannel PJ’s.  He cuddled up to her back and thought about the dream.  

When she had suggested that they all sleep together in the beginning, he had been apprehensive, thinking that he didn’t want to share Peter and the intense sexual high he felt when he and Peter fucked.  Now after the dream, it was all he could think about.  The idea of having Peter fuck him in the ass while Ryan had his cock buried all the way into Luann’s soft, sweet cunt and the double pleasure that could be achieved in such a position had him mesmerized. 

He tried to go back to sleep and lay there consumed with the lust that the dream had brought over him.  His prick was slowly growing against Luann’s bubbly butt.  Even in her flannels, her ass looked extremely appetizing.  He began to slowly rub his stiffening rod against her soft ass.  Luann began to stir and felt the head of Ryan’s swelling wand slipping between the globes of her rounded backside.  She rolled toward him on the bed.

“Feeling a little horny this morning?”  She teased him with a sleepy smile on her pink, excited face while wrapping her soft hand around his ready tool.

“Ummmmm” was all he managed to mutter.

Ryan had picked up the pace of his stroke as his dick was sticking through the fly of his pajamas.  She followed his lead and leaned down to engulf his now rigid, grade A cock meat into her hot, wet mouth.  She let his dick slip to the back of her throat and covered her teeth with her lips.  Soon she was bobbing her head completely up his shaft and off the head before plummeting down to his balls on every pass.  He shot his white sticky load down her throat before she was ready and she choked a little.  Ryan scooted down to her face and consumed her mouth and his jism with gusto.  
