 It was very rare to find me in this part of town. Last time I came up here I very nearly ended up in a rather violent altercation with some drunk twenty-something year olds over the way I was dressed. Yet this part of town was the part that intrigued me more than the rest. The main club and two or three of the smaller clubs were totally different to those from where I was a habitual regular. I had been told about them from a few mates when we were out one night, steaming drunk, and generally goofing about. Yet it was that night when I also felt something different, something the like of which I had never felt before. Some of the things my mates were saying at first sounded fucking disgusting, but, as the night wore on I found myself getting more and more turned on. 

Obviously there was no way I was going to let on to that lot what I was planning to do, when they called and asked if I was going out with them that night I just said I was ill. If they ever found out the truth then I could kiss my friendship with them goodbye. They weren't the most understanding bunch. Just single lads out for a good time people's feelings didn't matter to them.

I had planned this night all week, not sure if I would go through with it but I knew if I didn't do it soon then I never would. I made sure I looked my best both physically and sartorially, hell I had even been to a tanning salon twice that week and that was something I had never done before. I was wearing tight jeans and a short sleeved shirt and shoes. I had even dumped the trainers for this night and I never went anywhere, other than work, unless I was wearing trainers.

I turned the corner and found one of the pubs that we had been talking about directly in front of me. Taking a deep breath I strolled over to the door and walked in. The pub was no different inside to many of the other pubs that I usually frequented which instantly made me feel more relaxed. Walking over to the bar I noticed the first signs that this pub was indeed very different to those that I was used to. Yes there was a varied mix of both men and women only the couples were not what I was accustomed to. The rumours were all true; my friends hadn't been lying just to wind me up. I had, for the first time in my life, entered into a gay and lesbian bar.

I hadn't got a clue why I decided to come here but after only twenty minutes of being there I was glad that I had. Watching the people in the bar was an interesting experience for someone who had never been here before. Although it felt weird, and uncomfortable, watching same sex couples kissing, dancing and holding each other to begin with, I soon felt totally relaxed. Not everyone was in a couple there were a couple of larger groups and a few people on their own but I assumed that everyone here was either gay or lesbian, but I could have been wrong, even I hadn't thought that I was before. I had never even kissed another male, let alone had sex with one, or even thought about it before that last night my friends brought the subject of these places up. I had known that places like this existed but I had always avoided them like the plague, some sort of macho bullshit I suppose.

I had spent the best part of an hour just leaning against the bar, and had a couple of pints and some shorts, when I was about to go and check out the other pubs. I picked up my glass, drained the last of the beer, and was about to walk away when the barman came up to me with yet another drink, this time a double.

"I never asked for another drink mate." I told him.

"I know you didn't but someone has paid for it for you." He replied.

"Who would do that I ain't ever been here before I don't know anyone." I was puzzled.

"They told me not to tell you."

"It ain't been fucking spiked has it?" I asked suspiciously.

"No sir I just drew it from the optics myself just as the person asked me to." The barman answered.

"Well okay thanks and thank whoever bought it as well."

Looking around to see if I could see who the barman went to I picked up the glass and in one swift move knocked it back. 

Now my curiosity was aroused and I knew there was no way I could leave the pub until I found out just who had got me that drink. I stood at the bar waiting, even hoping, that whoever it had been would come over and introduce themselves but no-one did. I called the barman back over and ordered another pint.

"While you are at it get whoever got me that drink whatever they want." I told him.

The barman pulled my pint and I watched him carefully to see what drink he produced for my mysterious drink buyer, and was surprised to see him draw another pint. This time, as the barman went to give the other drink out, I moved along the bar to finally get an answer. To say I was shocked when I saw who he gave the pint to would have been an understatement the recipient of the drink I bought was a man of about twenty-five. All of a sudden I felt right out of my depth but knew I couldn't just walk out without saying something. Looking around I saw that a small table in the corner had become available so I went to sit at it, all the time keeping my eye on the other man. 

The man seemed to be very popular, there were a few people around him laughing and joking, and also found him to be very attractive. That surprised me as I had never even thought any man was attractive. He was wearing black jeans and a white shirt. From my viewpoint he looked clean shaven and had medium length brown hair and for some reason I couldn't take my eyes off him. I must have been staring a fraction of a second too long because I saw him mouth something to the people around him and then he started making his way over to my table.

"Alright mate can I join you?" He asked.

"Yeah sure sit down and thanks for the drink." I replied unsure what to say.

"Hey you're welcome thanks for mine I ain't seen you in here before what's your name" He continued.

"John and no you won't have seen me it's my first time, what's your name?"

"I'm Dave pleased to meet you."

We sat chatting about general stuff for the next half hour, just like two mates who had known each other for years, when Dave let his head drop a little.

"Is everything okay?" I asked him.

"Yes it's just that I want to ask you something and after all you have said I don't know if I should."

"You might as well ask we are getting on alright ain't we."

"True enough okay would you come back to mine with me?"

Now it was my turn to let my head drop a little. Coming to this pub I had never imagined that I would get propositioned like that and now I was unsure how to react. Half of me wanted to say no and run like an Olympic sprinter out of the pub but the other half realised that I had come here for a reason. Besides there were the strange feelings I had been getting since me and my mates were laughing and joking about it and I needed to know if there was a reason for them.

"Guess it's my turn to ask are you okay you've gone dead quiet?"

"I-I'm okay it's just that I never expected to come here and get asked that not on my first visit."

"Hey I understand if you don't want to that's not why I got you the drink." Dave continued.

"Can I ask you why did you buy me that drink and be honest with me?"

"I wasn't the only guy in here who saw you come in and we all agreed that you were gorgeous and wondered why we had never seen you before." Dave said.

"Is that the only reason?"

"No and this may shock you but I decided there and then that if there was any chance I wanted to take you home and suck and fuck with you all night."

"I am shocked but at the same time if I am honest if I don't come with you I may regret it for the rest of my life so I suppose we best go but..."

"But what you can tell me I won't be offended."

"I ain't just a bet between regulars as to who can be the first to fuck the new guy am I?" I asked.

"No way John you will find that in this pub we aren't like that at all."

"In that case I suggest we finish our drinks and then go." I told him surprised at my eagerness to get out of here and try something new.

Once we had finished our drinks Dave and I left the pub, him eager for a night of hot sex and me both nervous and curious at the same time. As we walked Dave told me all about the gay pubs around where we had met and the pros and cons of each one. By the time he had finished I was relieved that I had chosen to go in the pub that I had and not just because of this man who I was going home with and, if all went right, I would experience my first gay sexual encounter with but because the other two pubs sounded a bit rougher and not so welcoming to new faces.

"It won't be long till we get there John." Dave told me.

"Okay but I will be honest I am nervous and slightly scared." I responded.

"It's not a problem if you can't go through with anything I won't take offence." Dave reassured me.

As we left the town doubts were still eating away at the back of my mind but they weren't as bad as they first had been, in fact I was becoming more eager to do this.

It took us another walking until we arrived at Dave's and I was mildly surprised to see that he owned his own three bedroom property on a quiet cul-de-sac. I scanned the surrounding area and thought to myself what a nice place it must have been to live, not like the rough estate where I did. I lived on a council estate that was more known for fighting and drinking than any other area of the town with my parents. Although I worked I had never dared to move into a place of my own and besides it was cheaper to live at home. I did want to get a place but I also wanted to make sure it wasn't a flat on my estate.

"Are you coming in or just going to stand there?" Dave asked me with a grin.

"Yeah sorry I was just looking at the place it looks nice here." I replied.

"It is and I don't get any trouble because I am gay."

"I would on my estate I really want to get out of there one day soon."

"All you need to do is work hard and it will come to you that's all I did."

We entered the house and, once the door shut, I realised that there was no going back now. Dave walked over to me and put his hand on mine. At first I twitched but soon relaxed and let him hold mine and lead me into the front room. I sat down and watched Dave as he shut the curtains. His body didn't look to be anything special yet there was something about him that made me think my first time was going to be very good. Dave turned and came to sit with me on the sofa.

"Are you sure you know what you are doing?" He asked me.

"I haven't got a clue what I'm doing but I hope that you will show me."

"I didn't mean it like that." Dave said before he saw the look on my face.

Taking what I said as some sort of signal Dave leaned over and started to kiss me. Unsure whether I was doing it right I responded the only way I knew how. Opening my mouth I gingerly started flicking my tongue into Dave's mouth which caused him to respond the same way. The feeling of kissing another man didn't seem that much different to any of the women I had kissed in the past. Dave put one of his hands on the back of my neck and his kissing started to get more urgent. All I could do was follow his lead and do the same as he was, yet there was also the stiffening of my cock in my jeans that I had to contend with as well. I wondered what Dave would think of my cock, it was seven inches long when fully erect, and I just hoped it was good enough for him. 

I didn't need to worry because Dave slowly let his hand work its way down to the bulge in my trousers. As Dave's hand reached my cock I was surprised to hear him gasp. 

"That feels like a good cock I am going to enjoy that one." He told me as he carried on massaging me through my jeans.

"You don't know how relieved I am to hear you say that I was afraid I would be a letdown."

Dave stopped kissing me and slowly paid attention to my zip, undoing it, before reaching his hand into my boxer shorts and grasping my cock. At his touch I closed my eyes, not believing that I was letting another man touch my cock, but also enjoying it more than I thought was possible. Helping him I undid the button on my jeans, lifted my ass a little and eased my jeans down to my knees. Dave released my cock from my boxers.

"You have a gorgeous cock John." He told me.

Slowly he wanked me never taking his eyes of my cock as he did so and then he lowered his head, licking up and down the shaft before opening his mouth and swallowing my whole cock. The sensations running through my body were like nothing I had ever felt before and I began to wish that I had done his a lot earlier in my life. 

"Suck me hard Dave don't fucking stop."

Dave's head started bobbing up and down faster and I didn't know how much more of his sucking I could take before exploding in his mouth. I needn't have worried because Dave slowed again before letting my cock drop from his mouth. He looked at me with longing in his eyes and I knew what he wanted me to do. As quickly as I could I relieved Dave of his jeans and boxer shorts and taking his cock in my hand I lowered my head like he had done. I opened my mouth and for the first time in my life I took a cock in my mouth, gagging at first as I took it too far too fast.

"Take your time John." Dave told me his voice soft and encouraging.

So I gripped his cock with my right hand and gently lowered my head again. This time, with my hand holding the base of his cock I managed to start sucking without gagging. Dave placed his hand on the back of my head and slowly guided the speed that he wanted me to suck him. My head was soon bobbing up and down at a good rhythm and by the sound of Dave he seemed to be enjoying my attentions as well.

"Will you do something for me John please?" Dave asked me.

"What's that?" I asked without letting his cock out of my mouth.

"Shove your finger up my ass for me."

Not sure how I should go about that, I had never even touché my own ass, I asked him to guide my fingers. Dave reached for my hand and ran it over his balls slowly parting his legs. My hand ran down in between the gap he had made and, more out of luck than anything, my finger slid effortlessly into his ass causing Dave to let out a little yelp.

"Fuck me that feels fucking brilliant." Dave said breathlessly.

Faster I sucked and faster I fingered his ass Dave almost screaming in ecstasy. I was amazed at how much I was enjoying this and began to wish that he would cum in my mouth and let me taste him fully. How the fuck was I going to ever have sex as good as this again I didn't know but what I did know was that there was no way I would ever go back to women, not after tonight.

"Stop John please I want to fuck you hard in the ass right now." Dave said.

Doing as Dave asked I let his cock fall from my mouth after first giving it a couple more sucks. Dave moved himself behind me and holding my ass he slowly inserted his cock deep into my ass. I screamed out with a mixture of pleasure and pain as he started pumping at me from behind. I couldn't understand why it had taken having a laugh with my mates to make me come and find the real me but in a way I was glad I had that last night out with my mates.

"Fuck me Dave fuck me and cum all over me." I screamed out.

"Are you enjoying this?" He asked his balls slapping against my ass.

"Fuck yes keep going I want it all."

Dave gripped my hair and pulled my head back. Pounding harder against me I gripped my own cock and furiously began wanking hoping I could cum at the same time as Dave, and I knew he wasn't going to be long. Dave pulled back, slightly harder than I would have liked, and screamed out.

"Oh god I am fucking going to cum."

"Fuck yes so am I."

Dave pulled his cock out and with only a couple of quick jerks cum shot from the end of his cock across my back. The feel of his cum caused me to wank faster. I knelt up and Dave reached around me his cock wet against my ass and gripped my cock. Dave carried on wanking me as I reached my hands up to feel his face. 

"Dave that felt so good I guess that means I am gay." I told him.

"You may not be it may just be a one off." He replied wanking me really fast.

"No way I ain't ever felt like that while having sex."

It was then that Dave squeezed my cock and with a couple more pulls I couldn't hold back any longer and my cum erupted with a force that surprised me. I had never cum so hard before and that was the exact moment that I knew my life had changed forever.