 ***This is mostly a true story***

I had recently moved to Spain for work, but would be returning back to the States in a few months. I was fortunate to be close to the beach so I could begin turning my white body into a nice tan one by the time I went home. 

I am 26 years old, 6 feet, slim yet muscular. Brown hair that likes to stay styled on its own and blue eyes. I've always dated girls and prefer them over men, but lately I have been finding myself getting hard watching men masturbate or imagining my mouth being pushed down onto a throbbing hard cock.

Spending days at the beach, I loved the views of women walking around without a top on. Trying not to get caught looking as their breasts swayed as they walked. I enjoyed walking up and down the beach to see the sights, both landscape and people. About a month in after trying a few beaches I found a nudist beach nearby. I have always been open sexually so I decided to join the small crowd and removed my swim shorts, exposing my cock and smooth balls. Thankfully I had manscaped in the shower the night before, shaving away any pubic hair to leave my privates smooth and bare.

After building up a tan for the month on the normal beaches it was obvious that this was my first time at a nude beach from my white upper thighs and ass, but I wasn't uncomfortable laying down with my soft cock resting on my leg for everyone to see.

The nude beach was filled with a variety of people; older couples, out of shape couples, women, men, some tan, some not. I was nonchalantly glancing at them all, seeing the tanned breasts of the women and how the males' cocks glistened with sweat, occasionally becoming semi-erect. I myself was able to keep my penis down as I was unsure how others would react to someone having an erection in the middle of the beach.

I decided to continue going back to the beach. One day the open part of the beach was very rocky from the tide the previous day so the few people that showed up were laid out further back in the dunes. Once back there I was more secluded from everyone than normal, not being able to see anyone else, and I could only see the water from a certain angle.

After stripping down and getting hot enough from the sun I walked down to the water to cool off, my penis bouncing off my now tanned thighs as I stepped through the sand. I was swimming alone when a man around the age of 30 walks down from the area I was set up. I never knew his name so I'll call him Ian. Ian was wearing a blue speedo that showed off a seemingly thick package underneath. The color of his toned body showed that he was a frequent visitor of the beach. Most would call him attractive, I've never really found the male figure attractive, but I do get aroused thinking of other mens' penises.

As he submerged himself into the water, I began wading out and heading back to my spot. I toweled off my face and sat in my beach chair, facing the sun, which I soon learned also faced Ian's spot. He walked by me on his way back up and I noticed him cast a glance my way as he passed. 

From where I was sitting I could see his head through the bush on top of the dune. I was in the midst of reading a book when he side stepped around the dune, no more than 15 feet from me. Ian began stroking his member, his body angled directed at me. Neither of us wanted to be so obvious in our actions so we never made eye contact. I continued trying to read my book while looking out of the corner of my eye to see his thick cock slowly growing as he continued to fondle himself. 

Most of the others that were there earlier had already left, so it seemed we were the only ones left. My once flaccid penis now stood straight up even as I pretended not to notice what was happening in front of me. I had never been with another man before in any way and was nervous about what was happening, but there was one part of me I suppose that wasn't nervous. I was already leaking precum which I had to continuously wipe off with my towel.

Another man snuck up on our location walking through the dunes and I quickly placed my book down to my legs to hide my erection. But he seemed to know what was happening and also began playing with himself right in front of me. Part of me felt relief in the idea that maybe these 2 obviously openly gay men would go off together and leave me alone, or let me just watch. But he didn't stick around long and the next time I looked up he was gone.

My mind was reeling. I kept telling myself how crazy this was as I got off my chair and laid down face up onto my blanket. I saw Ian walk down past me to the main part of the beach and thought the situation was over, so I closed my eyes to the sun and world around me and began to doze off.

I was awakened by something wet touching me. Touching my penis. I opened my eyes to see Ian bending over me with his tongue sliding up my semi hard cock. I was so stunned I sat up and pushed him off of me. He placed a hand on my chest, gently pushing me back down and with his other hand guided my cock back into his lowering mouth, and I let it happen. I looked all around, scanned up and down the coast of the water but couldn't see anyone that would be able to see what was happening in the sand dunes. I didn't think he spoke any English and the only Spanish I could muster up was to order a beer and ask for the check, so I laid back and we both didn't say a word to each other. 

Ian was working his mouth up and down my circumcised shaft, which hardened to its full 7 inches. Mixed emotions were running through my brain as I received my first blowjob from another male. His hand lowered to massage my balls which were already slick from a mix of sunscreen and sweat. I let out a soft moan and spread my legs to allow him more access.

His hand eventually continued further down and I felt his finger push against my hole, moving in small circles. I had used anal toys before, even with other girls so I wasn't adverse to things entering me, I always pictured myself as a bottom in the rare chance I ever had sex with another man. So his finger probing my anus made my precum flow more than it was already. 

I was already off of the cliff, so I decided to dive in head first... I guess literally. I reached my left hand out and grabbed onto Ian's cock which was pointing straight out. He was uncut with a slightly shorter but fatter penis. I began to pump back and forth with my hand, but the positioning was a bit awkward with him bent over me on his knees. At this point he had slid one finger inside of me and the odd yet pleasurable sensation bloomed through my backside.

He pulled his finger out and raised a leg to straddle me, his cock inches from my face. This was it. The moment I had fantasized about many times while masturbating in my bed. i wrapped my fingers around his shaft and pulled him the last few inches towards my eager mouth. My tongue protruded from between my lips and stopped once it made contact with the base of his cock. I then tilted my head back and ran my tongue from the base to his tip. 

He ran his fingers through my hair and pressed down on my head so I was forced to take in his cock. I began sucking Ian's dick, enjoying the feeling of his head hitting the back of my throat. I tried keeping my teeth away and working my tongue while he thrust his cock into my wet mouth. I took a deep breath, grabbed onto his hairless ass and pulled him in as deep as I could take him, relaxing my throat to accommodate him entirely. I kept him fully submerged in my mouth and throat, swallowing to get my muscles to move around the head of his cock. When I finally couldn't hold my breath anymore I pulled him out and lines of spit clung to Ian's dick.

Ian climbed off of me and motioned for me to flip over, so I turned and got onto all fours, presenting my virgin ass to him. He had already brought over some lube which was on the edge of my blanket. He applied some to his fingers and directly to my hole before returning not just one finger, but two into my ass. I never put anything too big in my ass before but two fingers felt good still. I pushed back against his hand, trying to get more into me. Ian finger fucked me for a minute or so before pulling them out.

I then felt something much fatter press against my anus. I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and clenched my fists into the blanket as he slowly slid his hard cock into my asshole. This was definitely the largest thing I had ever taken and I reached back to place a hand on his hip to make sure he didn't go too fast. Once he was all the way in, he slowly pulled back so just the tip of his cock remained inside me, then pushed forward.

He continued to go slow, with his hands on my hips. Eventually I started pushing back against him, allowing him to go faster. It felt amazing, and I could feel something growing throughout my lower body, spreading to my cock which was smacking against my stomach with each of Ian's forward thrusts. I looked back and saw a thick stream of precum flowing from the tip of my cock down to the blanket below me. But as the feeling of fullness and warmth spread, I realized I was cumming for real. It was different from when I normally ejaculated, a bit weird but addictive.

I stayed hard even after shooting a load off, Ian continued pumping away at my ass. I heard his breathing change and knew that he was about to finish. I decided to let him finish inside of me since I was curious as to what it would be like. He drove his last few thrusts in deep, rocking me forward on each one and on the last thrust he stayed deep and I felt each pulse of cum shoot from his cock into my ass. It felt amazing.

He slowly pulled out of me and flipped me back around onto my back. He quickly wiped his cock off with a towel. I was still recovering from what just happened I didn't have a chance to think before he was applying lube to my cock and squatting down on top of me. I've never had anal sex with any of my girlfriends before, the furthest I've gotten was getting the tip in before she began crying out in pain so we never tried again.

So my first time entering another person's ass was a random guy on a beach in Spain that I didn't even speak one word to yet. It was tighter than most of the pussies I've fucked. He slid his ass down my shaft to the base and paused there. He began circling his hips and i felt it all on my cock. Ian began sliding up and down my erect penis, his balls and cock bouncing off my stomach. 

He was semi hard again so I began jerking him off as he fucked my cock. Sometime after I felt my orgasm building and thrusted up to meet his descending ass to push myself over the edge. I grunted as I came inside of him, and pulled him down onto me by his penis and held him there. Once i shot out the last of my cum, I continued to jerk him off until ropes of semen landed on my chest.

He stood up and my dick fell onto my stomach, wet with semen and lube. We each wiped ourselves off with a towel. Ian came closer to kiss me but I never enjoyed the thought of kissing another man so stopped him short. I told him gracias and began packing up my gear to head back to my hotel I was staying at.

I've been back to that beach multiple times. Some days there's a crowd of people and no one looking to hook up in the dunes. Other days I have been approached, I haven't built up the urge to go looking myself, but I wasn't attracted to anyone that came near me.