 I used to say I was a straight guy who just happens to enjoy cock now and then, but now I'm proud to admit my bisexuality. Well, not openly. Sigh. 

I'm 42 years old, divorced, and I have a girlfriend who has no idea that from time to time I do what I'm about to tell you.

A few days ago I was on a business errand and decided to combine it with my lunch hour. I was conveniently near one of my favorite adult bookstores. These opportunities don't happen often, so I wasn't going to let it pass by.

This particular bookstore has a dark arcade with booths that have room for two or three. No gloryholes. It can be hit or miss, so I drove by the parking lot first. There were several cars and a few pickup trucks. That was encouraging, so I pulled in and paid my admission.

I walked into the arcade, and my eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness as I walked from booth to booth, peeking in the open doors to get a lay of the land. There were a couple of closed doors, indicating that a few of the guys had already paired up or that someone actually wanted some privacy. The guys who were cruising were older, my preference.

I looked in a booth showing a straight video, and a guy in his mid 50s was stroking his cock, which stuck out from his shorts. He didn't try to hide anything as I stood in the doorway, so we made eye contact and I slipped in the room and closed and locked the door behind me.

Not a word was said; I dropped to my knees and took off my glasses. He slipped his shorts and underwear over his shoes, revealing a nice, smooth, plump cock. I also caught the flash of a wedding ring. Bonus. All things considered, I'd rather suck off a married guy.

His cock was average length and had a nice mushroom head. I dove right in, softly taking as much as I could into my mouth. He grabbed my hands and put them on his hips. I slid my lips over his cock again and again, and I could feel him getting hotter. He pulled away and told me to lick his balls. I gladly complied, caressing his sack with the full length of my wet tongue, gently taking each orb into my mouth. He moaned and whispered how good it felt. I slipped my tongue up underneath the base of his cock and slowly moved my mouth there until I was softly chewing that spot.

He pulled away again, took off his shirt, and asked what I wanted to do. I replied, "swallow your load." He sat back onto the bench seat, and I went to work, putting my right hand into action, pumping his cock into my mouth, letting my thumb slip over the sensitive underside, milking his cock for sweet cum. I felt him stiffen, then start to convulse as he filled my mouth with thick, salty cum. He was a squirter, and I raised the back of my tongue to prevent being gagged. The cum pooled underneath my tongue. I got every drop. I looked up at him, opened my mouth, oozed his load over my tongue, and swallowed every drop. He handed me a paper towel, but I had nothing to clean up. He didn't, either. We thanked each other, and I left the room while he dressed.

The booth across the hallway was cracked open, and I peeked in. There was a chubby guy hunched over an older, trim man in his 50s who was sitting on the bench, naked, and pumping his six inch cock furiously. I stepped in the room just as the guy shot onto the floor. As his chubby cocksucker stood up, I groped at his shorts, but he said he had to go.

A few minutes later I found the chubby cocksucker again, cock in hand, in a booth showing a straight video. He nodded his head a bit, and I closed the door behind me. Again, I was quickly on my knees. He had a small cock, maybe four inches, and it was dripping pre-cum. I took it in my mouth for a few minutes, then he took off his shorts and sat down. I noticed he was another married man.

He closed his eyes and turned his face to the ceiling as I pleasured him. He got harder and a bit longer, but I could still take all of him in my mouth. It didn't take long before he whispered "I'm going to cum." Although I appreciated the warning, I had no intention of letting him pull out. I doubled my efforts, and was quickly rewarded by a few spurts of hot, sticky cum. Then a few more, and more. I could not believe how much this guy was cumming! I took every drop, and reluctantly let his wet cock slip from between my lips.

I swallowed as he raved about how incredible it had felt. He squeezed a few more drips out, and I couldn't leave them alone. I gingerly licked them off the tip and he groaned.

Again, I slipped out as he got dressed. I was hoping for one more before I left, but nobody else looked promising. I needed to get back to work, so I walked out with two loads still warm in my belly.

The next day:

At my desk and in my meetings, it was relentless. All morning there was this constant throbbing between my legs, a reminder that it had been much too long since I had cum. I craved cock, and needed it now.

The clock seemed to slow down as lunch approached, as if it knew what I intended to eat. I slipped out several minutes early and drove to the closest adult bookstore. Disappointingly, the parking lot was pretty empty. But I was horny enough that I figured if there was no action I could just get myself off and then get on with my day free of distraction.

I paid my admission, walked into the pitch black arcade, stepped into a booth, and watched a video for a few minutes to let my eyes adjust. When I stepped back out, there was a guy standing outside my door. It was dark enough that I couldn't tell much about him, so I walked across the hallway into another booth. He followed and stood outside. This video was a bit brighter, and as he leaned in a bit, I could tell he was a good looking guy in his mid-thirties.

I motioned him into the booth, and he locked the door behind him.

I knelt and he loosened the button and fly on his tight jeans. He pulled his cock out the top band of his underwear, and my eyes widened. He had a thick, uncut cock maybe seven inches long. It stood straight up and had a tight upward curve at the big head, pointing directly at his belly button.

The shape and angle made it a bit challenging to find the right way to start sucking him off, but by coming down on it from the top, I was able to get him softly groaning in no time. The pronounced rim around the edge of his wide head popped in and out of my lips, making delicious, loud slurping sounds.

Without warning, he pulled out and came hard against the black painted wall of the video-lit booth. As the thick cum dripped down the wall, I grieved the loss of all that delicious spunk. I briefly thought about licking it straight from the wall, but I thought better of it, wiped my mouth, and moved on.

I had heard the arcade door open a few times while I was sucking the curved cock, so I poked around the booths, seeing who was where. I came across an older married man, probably around sixty, sitting on the bench. He was stroking his cock and watching a straight flick. He was in good shape for a man his age. I suspect that he was a farmer, like many of the men of his generation who frequent this Midwestern ABS during the day.

I closed and locked the door and got to my knees. He sighed a bit and said, "I don't know that it will do much good."

"But will you like it?"

"Sure."

"Well then, just relax, enjoy the movie, and don't worry about it."

I didn't know what would happen, but I took it in my mouth. Worst case scenario is that I suck him for a few minutes and then see who else was cruising.

He wasn't very hard at first, but that quickly changed. He never got rock hard, but he was hard enough, and he was certainly enjoying my service. I kept at it. Before I knew it, he lifted his ass off the bench to thrust in my mouth, and he started to have an orgasm while I continued to suck him. He never really ejaculated, but he pulsed and groaned and collapsed back onto the bench. He caught his breath and said, "Thank you. I don't know how you did that, but I haven't been able to do that in over a year." 

He zipped up and I stepped out of the booth.

There was only one other guy in the arcade, and as I wandered around, he followed me around a bit, keeping an appropriate distance. It was so dark in there that I couldn't really tell too much about him, other than he was slim and of average height.

I slipped into a booth, hoping I'd get to see more of him if he leaned in a bit into the video light. He didn't. He stood outside of the booth, just out of the light. I took a chance and motioned him in. A good looking, dark skinned black man in his early thirties stepped into the flickering video light. 

I made my intentions known by immediately taking off my glasses and getting on a knee. He got comfortable by taking off every stitch of clothing. He was thin and hardly had an ounce of fat on him. He was beautiful. As he raised his left leg out of his boxers, his limp cock flopped out and fell down his thigh.

My God, it was huge.

It hung in front of my face, I gasped, and he seemed a bit embarrassed. I picked it up with two hands, put the head in my mouth, and started working on the head and wrapping my tongue around the sensitive rim. As his cock stiffened, he groaned in appreciation, hunched over me, grabbed my head, and attempted to fuck my throat.

I tried, I really did. I wanted nothing more than to take every inch of that monster cock, but it just couldn't happen. I pulled off of it, laughing, but with tears in my eyes from the effort. I told him I just couldn't do it like that. He smiled broadly and sweetly said, "No problem."

He sat down on the bench and propped his legs up against the walls, exposing his cock, balls, and ass to me. I dove in, making love to that magnificent piece of meat. I needed to know how big it was, so I figured a way to discreetly measure as I pleasured him. I held the base of his cock with my right hand, stacked my left hand on top, and extended my thumb. It was exactly that length. I measured when I got home. Eleven inches. Eleven inches of the most beautiful meat I have ever seen, attached to a hot body, and all owned by a guy I was realizing-as we exchanged a few words-was really nice and sweet.

He was vocal, and I loved it. He spoke in full voice instead of the hushed whispers one would expect in an ABS. He told me how much he loved what I was doing. 

I worked that cock like I have no other, sucking and pumping for over thirty minutes. I tried every trick I knew, because I wanted to make him cum. I wondered how that cock would feel in my virgin ass. My knees, thighs, and ass ached from holding that posture for so long. My lips numbed.

For the second time, I pulled off, laughing. I told him I just couldn't go any longer, and that I really needed to get back to work. He was great about it. I stood up and adjusted my clothes. He gave me a sweet hug and a peck on the cheek. His cock brushed up against my hard cock in my dress pants. I shuddered. We both said we hoped we'd meet up again sometime soon.

I left the arcade and reentered the bright light of midday. My belly was still empty, my horniness only heightened, but I was somehow quite satisfied.