 "I swear I'm going to quit!" Leo protested. 

"No," his boss, Bob smirked, understanding my frustration and taking joy out of it. 

"I won't. I won't work with that... that..." 

"Yes?" Bob said with that low voice of his while he looked at him teasingly. He knew Leo couldn't say what he wanted to say. Not without risking an HR complaint anyway. 

"Fine. But if he screws up, I will report it," Leo said begrudgingly accepting his fate. 

"I wouldn't expect anything less," Bob nodded. He stood up, impressing Leo as always with his huge physique. Bob wasn't necessarily muscled, but he had a broad build. Huge, rounding shoulders and two firm man boobs that you could see through his tight-fitting shirt and a huge round belly. Leo never could resist staring down his boss' body and stopping at the huge bulge in those tight pants. 

Leo himself isn't as big, but he works out. His dress shirt is tight too. He has big, muscled arms and unlike Bob a trained sick-pack. His legs are strong and thick. A big beard gives his chin the extra masculinity Leo thrives on. Leo especially liked his bubble butt. It had everyone in the office, staring. Bob reached out one of his huge manly hands and embraced Leo's. They matched their strengths as they shook them, as men always do. Leo could take him, he was sure. A tingle flew down his spine.

Leo didn't hate working his co-worker Keane because he is a faggy dude. He could laugh as anybody else would in the office at Keane's dramatic stories on Monday morning and he loved his impressions of Betty Devos or Sarah Sanders. But Keane was just a bad worker. Even though he was only like 28, he had been at their department the longest. Yet he didn't know a thing. Not how the copy machine worked and not who their most important clients were. And now they had to prepare a presentation together, which surely meant Leo had to do it by himself. Leo rolled his eyes when he left his boss' office.

**

It was six thirty. Everybody except the cleaners had left to go change for the office party that night. Leo wouldn't have the chance. He lived too far, and he hadn't been with the firm long enough to miss out on any chance to impress his colleagues. So here he was sitting on the floor of one of the conference rooms, surrounded by Pad Thai and coke and... Keane.

Keane was a beautiful man, Leo had to reckon. He had dyed his black short trimmed hair blonde and had small round face, with a nose like a button. His feminine mechanisms weren't annoying but instead suited him, as if every move was a dance. Even though his body was nowhere near fit. He was actually kinda overweighed. Yet his mannerisms were why nobody cared that he was the only person in the office who didn't wear a suit or at least a dress shirt like Bob. Instead Keane came into work in the brightest of outfits, wool, silk, leather he did not care one bit. Only his eyes betrayed his lack of innocence as Keane did not miss an opportunity to convey how much he hated working. 

"Honestly, I don't understand these graphs. What does it matter how much shoes they sold last quarter when we're trying to pitch an advert for Christmas?" Keane complained as he played with his food.

"Just put them in the power point. Leo grunted and as he tried not to lash out.

Keane did as he was told but with heavy sighs and pursing his lips. 

"Hmm, I do not like this font. I'm going to choose another one," he said as if Leo had asked his opinion.

"We only have a half hour left before the party starts, I do not care about fonts right now. Check if you have all the graphs, please," Leo said restrained.

"We're sales people. It's all about the details. If you fuck up your font it doesn't matter what you say. All people will see is you have no sense of style," Keane said confidently.

Leo couldn't take it anymore.

"Why don't you go work in the fashion industry then?" he blurted out. 

Keane jumped, his eyes, dramatically opening like a deer in the headlights. He gasped, way too late to be a sincere reaction but dramatic enough to make Leo feel bad.

"You're such a fucking homophobe, I knew I shouldn't have wanted to work with you," Keane said as he slapped his laptop shut and got up. 

"How am I a homophobe," Leo protested, half muttering half laughing in disbelief. 

"I see the way you look at me. God, it's so obvious. You hate me. You hate how I look. Every day I come into work and I'm afraid of what your eyes will say," Keane's voice breaks. 

Leo had no idea that he had this kind of influence on him. He softens.

"I don't hate how you look. I just don't think you very much enjoy this job. You hardly put in any effort," Leo says with a soothing voice. Keane kneels down, tears silently rolling down his face. 

"I do, you just don't see it," he says, somewhat in himself. Leo looks questioning, but Keane doesn't continue. Instead he looks down and continues to sob silently. 

Leo gets up, rather stiff. He doesn't nearly stretch enough. He sits down next to the frail boy and puts his jacket over him. He awkwardly rubs Keane's back. 

To Leo's surprise, Keane answers by turning his head into Leo's shoulders and continues to cry. Leo is shocked, even more so by a sudden tingling strain in his stomach. He embraces Keane, who's only three years his junior but weaker in so many other ways, with his strong bulging arms. For a second they sit there. Leo's beard brushing Keane's hair. Keane's arms hurdled against his body and his body hurdled against Leo's chest. Their breathing calms. 

"Did you really ask to work with me?" Leo asks, as to reaching out to Keane.

"I want you to like me," Keane says with a shaking voice. 

"I like you man, don't worry about that. I'll never look at you mean again," Leo vows. 

"Unless I truly wear something hideous," Keane jokes. And the tension breaks. They both laugh and Keane sits up straight.

"Oh my god look what you did, my eye liner is all messed up," Keane says and he gets up and walks away. 

Leo grins and he's not at all mad that he finishes the power point by himself.

**

The first people arrived, and Leo welcomed them, winning them over with his sad "No, I didn't get to go home, had to work late" story. He scanned the room and didn't see Keane anywhere. Was he crying in the bathroom? After hearing a boring story from a co-worker who told him he'd definitely screw Lucy, the older secretary and Alice, the intern, Leo made his way out. 

He looked for the bathroom. The office, as huge as it was, looked different at night and Leo still got a bit lost. He finally found a men's room, though Leo was sure he must've walked past another one that was closer to the party. Before he opened the door, he heard a noise. It was the unmistakable sound of men moaning. Instead of opening the door, he looked through the small decorative window next to the door and what he saw blew his mind.

On the bathroom floor in between the stalls and the urinoirs, Keane was laying bend over with his face on the tiles. His bare ass was up in the air and behind it was Bob. Shirt open, pants unbuckled. Leo didn't see a dick, but there was no doubt that his boss was fucking Keane in the ass. His own dick jumped. 

Leo couldn't look away. Keane was looking the way all bottoms looked; exhausted, slightly in pain but also in bliss as his body rocked back and forth on the tiles. Bob's face was clenched as if he was hurting and his huge body slammed unevenly into the huge brown butt. Bob started moaning louder and then his breath stopped. His mouth was still open, but no sound came out. He clenched Keane's handle bars as his lower body shocked, before he fell on top of Keane. Pressing the boy's body flat on the floor. So that's why the guy kept working here.

When the big man was done sighing, he got up, revealing, a short but fat cock with a condom filled with seed. He casually took it off and threw it in the trash before getting himself decent in front of the mirror. Keane didn't move and instead kept his ass up. From seemingly nowhere, another co-worker, Darryl, appeared. Darryl was a typical marketing guy like Leo. Fit, a smooth talker, and as straight as Leo thought Bob was. They both have wives for god's sake! Yet Darryl too revealed a long, sturdy cock from his pants. He kneeled down behind Keane and pressed his pink cock head behind the boy's ass, before slowly pulling him closer. Leo could imagine that thick bare cock disappearing into that fat ass. Keane moaned a little. Darryl started bucking his hips and grabbed Keane by his short hear. The guy's face was pulled up and Keane stared directly into Leo's eyes. Both looked shocked.

Leo bolted and fled into a nearby office to process what he just saw. As the door closed behind him, he heard Bob leaving the bathroom and... another voice.

"You all done boss?" he heard the voice say.

"Jup. Darryls already in there. Shouldn't take long, enjoy!" Bob said amical as he walked away. Leo heard the bathroom door slam shut. He opened the office door and peaked through the window again. Kevin, your typical working dad who liked his steaks, had rolled into the bathroom in his wheelchair and was jerking his soft prick at the sight of Darryl and Keane going at it. Keane lifted himself up and Kevin rolled over to him. Leo saw Keane's head disappearing into Kevins lap. Leo walked away to look for the other bathroom.

The office party went as expected. Leo talked to everyone who worked there. He ensured he flattered all the ladies and bonded with all the men over sports. He had the whole networking thing down. But something itched inside of him. His dick tingled all night. He thought of Keane getting fucked. 

Leo looked around, but he only saw hetero men. They had all different shapes and sizes but they were all unmistakably masculine, most with loving relationships with women. And each and every one of them left to go to the bathroom and came back a good ten to twenty minutes later. Leo was sure they all fucked Keane. Like some sort of secret society arrangement. 

Leo only liked real men like this himself. When he fucked someone, they had to have a rock hard body he could slam against, otherwise he'd lose his erection. And in the cases where Leo let someone fuck him, they'd at least have to be as big as Bob. He couldn't understand why Keane just let everybody fuck him, though the thought did turn him on.

As the hours flew by and Leo kept drinking beer, he couldn't stop thinking about all his colleague's dicks fucking Keane. It disgusted him, but that's homophobic Keane would say. After all, he himself only liked fit, muscled, tight assholes he met in the gym. The kind that didn't look feminine and only the pure muscle jiggled when he fucked them senseless. But the thought of Keane being the office slut turned him on as well. A surprising urge to join in on the practice came over him. 

He saw Chase, a typical straight jock, gorgeous face, ripped and big shouldered, who only ever talked about fucking women, leave and walk into the direction of the bathroom. As he hung by himself near the beer tap, and felt his rock hard dick stroke his leg, Leo thought about going into that bathroom after someone like Chase had just unloaded into Keane's behind. He thought about whipping out his own dick from his pants and putting on a condom but using Chase's cum as lube as he completely fucked that little girly slut into the floor. He'd hear Keane's screams as he pounded away at his asshole before he filled his rubber with his day's load. Leo couldn't help but lightly graze the tip of his dick through his pants, as he imagined all of this. 

The party was kind of dying. Leo looked around. All the other men had definitely already left and come back before. Chase must've been the last one. He slipped away. Slightly buzzed, he walked fast paced to the far away bathroom. When he arrived he looked through the window. 

There he was. Chase, clothes off and his hunky football playing naked body exposed was pounding away at Keane. Chase athleticism showed. Keane was bent over a sink and Chase had one foot next to him, while standing on another one. Half bent he held onto the big ass as he fucked it sideways. It looked amazing. Chase had his eyes closed, probably imagining a pussy, while his body pounded away effortlessly. Leo's dick strained to create tent in his tight pants.

Chase put his foot back on the floor and took his dick out. He slapped on Keane's back and he responded seemingly knowing what to do. Keane bent over completely, his head as low to the ground as his body would let him. Chase stood behind him and without mercy smashed his long, slightly crooked dick back into the asshole. He started drilling Keane's behind while Chase looked to his own reflection in the mirror. He picked up the past so fast, Leo was worried for Keane, but the faggot took it in stride. Chase moved so fast Leo was sure he'd create electricity any time soon and with a weirdly high pitched moan for such a jock Chase spassed. Leo saw how his balls were pumping cum into Keane's backside. Chase gave the ass he just destroyed a slap and Keane fell to the floor, exhausted. 

Chase got dressed and stepped over Keane, leaving him there. When he opened the door, Chase looked visibly relieved. He smiled at Leo.

"Good luck feeling anything bro!" Chase said as he patted Leo on the shoulder. 

Leo walked in. On the floor lay Keane, like he had done before. Flat on his stomach, sidefaced, panting, with his ass up in the air and a broad smile on his face. As horny and dominant as Leo had felt, all that was left behind on the hallway as he saw the young man's body pant. His shirt was wrinkled and his pants were stained with cum. Filled condoms lay around him. Leo carefully walked around him. It was worse than he thought. As much as people had used condoms, Keane's ass was filled to the brink with cum. Thick drops seeped from his hole to the floor. Leo kneeled down.

"Are you okay?" he asked softly.

Keane looked at him with a peaceful smile.

"I'm more than okay," he sighed. 

"You... you want to do this?" Leo asked.

"I love it. I don't ever have to go on Grindr. And none of these men ever fuck outside their marriage. I'm their only toy and most of them only on special occasions. Only Bob fucks me daily before you come into the office. Okay and Chase every once in a while if we're horny and the bathroom is empty," Keane laughs at the memory.

"But... why?" Leo keeps asking, looking for a different answer.

"Shut up. You don't understand," is all Keane said. He got on all fours and lifted his ass up.

"Go on then. I know you want to," he said confidently.

Leo looked at the gaping asshole filled with cum. It turned him on, for sure. But he also looked at the pretty face in front of him. 

"Don't you dare. Don't you dare look at me with pity," Keane said, as he quickly got on his knees so he was on eye-level with Leo. 

"I do this because I want to. Because I want to feel them inside me. I want to feel what it's liked to be held and fucked and adored. For them I'm the best fuck they ever have. I satisfy them in ways they didn't think was possible. Don't you take that away from me by pitying me, you have just as shallow sex as I do! Or even more so!" he yelled a little too loud.

Leo felt called out. His sex in locker rooms and quickies behind the club had been empty too. Why was he judging Keane? 

"I'm sorry, you're right," he said after a while. The two looked at each other, though their emotions hadn't changed. Keane stared angrily, while Leo had a look of pity. Their faces closed in. Their breath increased. First their foreheads touched. Leo layed his hands on Keane's waist and Keane touched the side of Leo's face. And as if they were both fragile, their lips slowly met. 

They kissed with their mouths closed. Their lips sensing each other, feeling each other. Soft. Exploring. They simultaneously pulled each other close as their tongues met. They both took deep breaths in their nose and they completely let go. They breathed each other in as their tongues explored every part of the other's mouth. Their hands touched every part of the other's body as their embrace tightened. Leo could taste the unmistakable taste of cock on Keane's tongue but he didn't care. He felt Keane's body against him and he wrapped his arms further around him. Holding the young man felt better than anything had before. 

Their kissing didn't stop. Keane bit on Leo's lower lip. Leo held Keane's neck in just one hand. Their kissing became harder, rougher. Keane quickly unbottened Leo's shirt and pulled it off his broad shoulders as fast as possible with such a tight fit. His hands slid over Leo's rock hard body and hairy chest. Leo grabbed Keane's shirt and pulled it off of him. 

Leo took off his pants and shoes too as he watched the beautiful Keane lay down on the bathroom floor. Leo was in love. He loved all of it. Keane's big legs. His cute soft cock and balls. His even softer belly with multiple rings of fat. His perky boobs. His beautiful face. He kneeled down in between Keane's legs and lay on top of him. They started making out again as Leo wrapped his hands around Keane's body. 

Keane moaned into Leo's mouth and lifted up his ass, as his hands explored Leo's big arms. Leo started bucking his hips, his rock hard dick sliding over Keane's genitals and down to his ass. It was all so wet from cum, Leo had no trouble finding the gaping hole, made ready by roughly twenty to thirty other men. As he pressed his big mushroom head against the entrance, Leo looked into Keane's eyes.

Keane looked in pain. Understandable after being ridden all night. But he nodded his head anyway and with all the care in the world, Leo entered the radiating hot canal. Keane moaned high pitched. Leo moaned with a grunt. He sank deeper into Keane as his body lowered on top of him. They stared into each other's eyes and they made out passionately as Leo picked up the pace. A squishing sound filled the room.

"Oh my fucking god," is all Leo could say.

He felt the semen of his coworkers splashing and dripping but he didn't care. He would be the last man to blow his seed. He would be the last man for Keane period. Leo and Keane held their faces close to each other. The feminine unshaven roundness against the bearded masculine edges. They breathed heavily as their lower bodies plowed into one another. The body fat slapped against the rock hard muscles. The big legs barely held onto the skinny back as the thick muscled legs plowed against the huge ass. 

Two bodies collided, two souls unified. As Leo held Keane like a rag doll and fucked him like a toy, Keane bucked his hips riding on Leo's dick. They made out and Leo's strokes and grip of Keane's body intensified. He pulled his dick almost entirely out before plowing it back in. He became addicted to feeling the loosened ring and sliding down the cum coated highway until his balls slapped Keane's butt cheeks. As he quickened his pace again, Keane started screaming, pulling Leo's hair.

"Yes there, right there!" he yelled.

Ropes of cum flew out of Keane's own half hard dick as he threw his head back on the bathroom floors. His nails sunk deeper into Leo's back. Seeing sweet Keane in such raw bliss sent Leo over the edge and he screamed, unloading the best orgasm he ever had deep into Keane's bowels. The two never once let go of each other as they started making out while their dicks were pulsating and they continued moaning.

After a while they finally relaxed and let out deep sighs. They started to chuckle. 

"That was amazing," Leo smiled as he looked lovingly in Keane's eyes, their bodies drenched in cum and sweat.

"Whew. Definitely the best one of the night... Or at least the hour," Keane said teasingly. 

Leo grinned and kissed him on the lips again. 
