 When I was eighteen or nineteen, I worked for a boat dock. We would do maintenance to small boats. My boss sent me over to change the oil on a small sailboat owned by an old French guy who lived in the marina.

There were many rumors about him. Like how he admired young guys. Alot. It didn't bother me. I just had to change the oil and get the fuck out of there. I drove my car, a 1969 Dodge Charger, and went to the boat. He showed me in, wearing his shorts and yellow button up shirt.

I went through the routine of changing the oil. I had to pump the old oil out of the Universal Four engine and replace it. By the time I was done, I was pretty greasy and sweaty. 

He came down and looked over my work with a smile. He looked at me and commented about me being dirty. 

"Yeah," I answered. "I got a change of clothes in the car."

"Use the shower on the boat," he offered. I remembered his reputation and thought for a second. I said okay, figuring I wouldn't let him touch me.

I got my clothes from my car and he met me back in the cabin with a towel. I removed my shirt and pants and stood in front of him in my bikini briefs. 

He just looked at me with a slight smile. Okay, pervert wants to see. I pulled my briefs down and my cock popped out from a dark hairy bush. He watched quietly as I climbed into the shower and soaped myself up.

WHen I finished, I got out he still stood there in the cramped quarters. I had to brush by him in order to get to my clothes. I must admit that it was a turn on to have this old guy drool over me.

I brushed by him slowly and my semi-hard cock brushed across his stomach. I was taller than him and was certainly more muscular than him.

He put his right hand out onto my hip and when I stopped he put his other hand on my other side. He looked into my eyes with a glassy stare. My heart began to pound hard as I felt his burning desire for my body.

I had never felt this lust for me sexually from anyone. It seemed that he wanted to use my body as a physical toy and it was an incredible turn on!

One of his hands ran up my abs and over my hairless chest. He crushed my rock hard dick with his body. He gently kissed my nipples and ran his tongue between them.

His other hand moved slowly to my pubic bush and caressed my hair between my legs teasingly. I started to breathe heavily as he grabbed my balls and then my cock.

"Ah," he said as he gripped my penis. "You are such a beautiful man." I had just made eighteen, so not very many have called me a man yet.

Precum began to ooze as he squeezed my dick. My hips jerked as he began to masturbate me. 

He looked into my eyes and told me, "You are so young and beautiful. I want to take you."

He began to push me onto a bunk in the boat. He was still clothed as he laid me on my back, my hard dick standing straight from a bush of pubes.

He got between my legs and began to run his tongue over the bottom of my shaft. I held my arms out and gasped as he put my dick in his warm mouth.

Whenever he ran his tongue over my dick head I gasped and couldn't breathe. He loved taking my balls and rolling them between his teeth. Surrendering control of my body to him was erotic.

He continued to pump my cock with his mouth. I thrusted my hips upwards as he came down on my cock. I found myself having to hold onto my cum.

"Let it go," he said softly. "I want your young cum."

I began spurting my semen into his mouth. I cried as my dick pumped gob after gob into this man's throat. He swallowed every drop.

I was spent. He lay on me and kissed my stomach. I fell asleep but didn't know how long. It was dark outside when I woke up to him blowing me again.

After a few minutes, I came again in his waiting mouth. He kissed his way up my stomach and to my nipples. His fingers ran through my armpit hair and over my biceps.

I flexed my biceps and he squeezed them gently. His hands caressed my face and went through my shoulder length hair.

He stood and removed his clothes. At first, I thought he wanted a blow job, which I was not ready for. He climbed back into the bunk and scooted my aside.

"Fuck me," he said while lying on his stomach. I wasn't sure about this.

As I got up, he raised his ass to me. I got behind him and put the head of my now hard dick to his ass. Slowly, I pushed into his butthole. It was easier than I thought. I guess this wasn't his first time.

He moaned as I entered him and began to fuck him. His butt was smooth and I could feel my pubic hair brushing his ass cheeks.

"I feel you," he said. "I feel your dick."

I continued to pump him harder as he moaned. Then, I came, spurting semen inside his ass. It felt a lot like doing a girl.

I saw him several times while working at the station. It made me uncomfortable as he looked at me, remembering how I looked nude.