 How is it that a normally straight lad starts to get the hots for older men. I think it started for me in my teens with some of my teachers at school. I was never particularly interested in my classmates but when it came to the teachers there were times when I couldn't take my eyes off them - even to the point that I wasn't listening to what they were saying and got into trouble! 

One guy must have been in his forties. He had dark hair, was very slim, and always dressed smartly, shirt and tie with his shirt tucked neatly in his trousers. His trousers was usually quite tight and I could see his bulge at the front and the lines of his briefs at the back when he bent over. I suddenly found my cock starting to get hard during the lesson. He was my favourite but there others too that set me off. One of them used to show off the waistband of his briefs at the back sometimes. I had never known anyone tuck their shirt in the underwear before but I found it very arousing and once again had to hide my bulge when he did it. I even tried tucking my own shirt in my briefs, and still do sometimes, especially when I am feeling horny.

Of course nothing ever happened with any of my teachers and I carried on my 'normal' straight life with several girl friends. Eventually in my early twenties I got married to a great girl and we were very happy. So had my feelings about older men gone as I got older? Not totally, I have to admit. Most of the time I just had a quick look at a guy and thought - 'that's nice' - and then carried on with what I was doing. Sex with my wife was enough to keep my sexual appetite satisfied.

But then I met Tom. I was in my mid 20's by then and I guessed he must have been in his 50s. We met at a social event and got chatting. He was very good looking - another dark haired smartly dressed guy who obviously kept himself fit. We found we were getting on really well and before I returned to my wife and our friends we somehow agreed to meet for a drink in a few days time. We had a common interest in music, seemed to like the same sort of stuff, and I convinced myself that that is why we were meeting to talk more about that. But then why did I get hard when I thought about him after I got back to our table?

A little later I needed to go to the toilet and as I stood at the urinal who should come in but Tom. He said hello again and came and stood next to me. He was very casual but I got so embarrassed when my cock started to harden in my hand. I saw him glance over and smile and I couldn't help looking over at his cock. To my amazement he has quite hard too and was even giving it a gentle rub. Just then someone else came in so we both zipped up and moved away. As we left Tom said how much he was looking forward to meeting up again and then he was gone!

Over the next few days I got more and more anxious about the meeting. What would happen if we both got hard? Was he gay and just wanted to seduce me? Would I resist if he did? I had taken his phone number and several times was on the point of ringing to cancel but never did. When it came to the night of the meeting I told my wife I was meeting some of my friends at the pub and set off. I had had a shower and put on clean briefs, carefully tucking my shirt in them. I don't know why but just doing this started to make me feel horny even before I left the house.

Tom wasn't there when I arrived and I suddenly panicked and thought it was all a big mistake. But then I realised I was early and by the time I was at the bar ordering a drink he arrived and joined me there. We took our drinks to a quiet corner and as we talked I found out more about him. He was a widower, his wife having died from cancer two years earlier. He had struggled at first but was now coming through it and rebuilding his life. His work was in the entertainment business and he managed a group of clubs in the area. My humble job as a journalist seemed very ordinary to me, though he showed a real interest. Just to add to his interesting life it turned out he had been in a band in his twenties which had almost turned professional. But there was a big disagreement amongst them and nothing ever came of it. But that was where we found the common interest in music and talked quite a lot about it.

By this time we had had a few drinks and as Tom came back to the table again and sat down he suddenly asked if I always tucked my shirt in my underpants. I was a bit taken aback, wondering how he knew but he quickly said he had got a glimpse of my waistband showing at the back. I told him that I did tuck sometimes and he asked what started me doing it. He said that it wasn't very common these days, not like it was when he was younger. I simply said that a friend had tucked and I thought I'd try it. Nothing as yet about getting horny when I did it! He asked what my wife thought about it and I told him she wasn't very keen so I didn't do it in front of her.

To my surprise he said that his wife was like that at first but she got used to it eventually. So I asked if he still did it and he reached down and pulled down his trousers a little way to reveal a black waistband with his green buttoned shirt neatly tucked in. Now my cock really started to harden and he clocked this immediately saying how good it was to meet someone who liked tucking and even more that it got them hard! 

By now I didn't know what to do. I knew I should just say thank you for the drink and walk away but somehow I couldn't. I said I needed the toilet but he immediately said he did too and followed me over. There was no one else in there so we were next to each other again at a urinal and, after a long piss I looked to see him wanking himself quite openly. I got hard very quickly and he said how much he would like to touch my cock. By now I didn't seem to be able to resist anything so turned towards him and told him to go ahead.

I was petrified in case someone came in. At the same time I was totally exhilarated by the fact that a gorgeous older man was gently rubbing my hard cock - something I had been thinking about for years since schooldays. As I got more excited I couldn't help myself and reached over and gently started to stroke his large uncut cock, rubbing the foreskin up and down just like he was doing to me. In no time at all I knew I had to cum and I whispered it to him. He immediately speeded up and I shot a load of cream on to the urinal. It felt so good. I realised that I had stopped wanking Tom but saw that he was going at it really hard and soon he too erupted with spunk. 

We cleaned ourselves off with our hands and then washed them and left the toilet. Again I wondered what would happen next but Tom immediately suggested that next time I might like to come round to his place to - er - listen to some music! I hesitated at first, thinking about my wife, and he didn't press me, suggesting I text him if I wanted to come round. With that we said good night and went our separate ways. When I got home I tried to behave perfectly normally but I knew that something significant had happened and life might be different from now on. When we went to bed we had great sex and I slept deeply and happily. 

But there will be more to tell so wait for the next part!