 This Is a true story of my first time with another man. I still get hard thinking of it and we met up a few times after that. Any questions, feedback or want to play just email me ;)




I was nervous. I'd never done anything like this before. My body trembled with a mixture of adrenaline and fear as I pressed the buzzer to his apartment. 

"Hi you must be Dan" the old man said. He was about 70, slim and had a calming smile which put me at ease. "I'm David. Please come in"

I made my way through the door and had a look around. A plain apartment just like any other, I don't really know what I expected. I was 20 and curious and had answered a Craigslist ad promising the best blowjob of my life and I just had to check it out. I had always masturbated to the thoughts of a nice cock but never acted on it. Today I would change that.

"Would you like to get started?" David said. "Follow me and we can get you out of those clothes".

I followed him down the hall into his bedroom. He took a seat and asked me to undress for him. I obliged and removed my t-shirt, exposing my hard abs and toned upper body. 

"Mmm just perfect" David muttered to himself. 

"Now the bottom half"

I gave him a coy smile and slowly removed my shorts and briefs, exposing my freshly shaven cock and balls and a nice semi flaccid uncut cock that was 5" and beginning to swell.

"Lie down on your stomach and I'll get started on you" David said with his soft, soothing voice that by now had me completely at ease. 

I lay naked face down on his bed, the coolness of his sheets felt invigorating on my naked body. The thought of being nude for another man made me insanely hot. David positioned himself next to me and began to massage my shoulders and neck with oil. It felt amazing, his expert hands worked all the tension from my body. 

His hands slowly made their way down to my butt as he worked more oil into me, each pass coming closer to my freshly shaved little asshole.

"Have you ever been with a guy before?" David asked.

"No" I said.

"Mmm its a shame, my friends would love you!" David said with a chuckle

His fingers where now massaging my hole as I let out a gentle moan.

"Do you like it when I play with your ass little boy?" David asked.

"Mmm yes it feels great" I said as my breathing got heavier.

With that he slowly began to slide a finger into my hole. All I could do was let out a sigh as he rhythmically began to slowly finger fuck my ass.

One finger quickly led to two fingers as I raised my hips and willed his digits deep inside me. Soon I was on all fours rocking my ass hard back against him. 

"I want you to fuck me!" I moaned loudly.

"Sorry, I don't get hard anymore, but 15 years ago I would have been so far up that hot ass of yours" David mused as his free hand found its way to my smooth drooping ballsack.

He gently squeezed them and rolled them around as I found myself in a daze of pure esctacy. My cock had never been harder as pre cum began dripping off my man meat.

"I want to suck you!" I begged.

Somewhat reluctantly, David stopped and moved around to my face. He quickly removed his clothes and I was treated to the sight of a semi hard, thick 7" uncut monster! 

I pounced his manhood and took as much of it in my mouth as possible. He couldn't get hard anymore and probably lucky for me as my mouth was full to the brim with his gorgeous cock. 

"Mmmm" he moaned.

"You're an excellent cocksucker, I'm sorry I can't cum for you"

After a few minutes, he removed himself from my hungry mouth and moved back behind me. Fingers where replaced with tongue as he probed deep into my man pussy. 

"Oh fuck!" I yelled

"Please suck me!" I pleaded. I was on the edge and wouldn't be very far from cumming hard.

I rolled over and could feel my cock pulsating with desire. David smiled and instantly wrapped his warm lips around my stick. He took me deep until his lips where at the base of my cock. I grunted as his tongue swirled around the tip of my penis. Soon I felt two fingers enter my ass again as his head began to bob up and down on my shaft.

I was in heaven. Delirious with pleasure it felt like the room was spinning. I felt my orgasm start from deep inside me as I let out a loud moan. 

"I'm going to cum!" I panted.

I felt Davids lips tighten on my cock as his fingers continued to fuck my man pussy. My body shook as hot thick ropes of cum shot into the back of Davids willing throat. Like an expert he gulped it all down and didn't miss a drop. 

I collapsed back on the bed as he slid his fingers out of my hole and cleaned the remaining cum from the head of my cock.

"Thank you so much" was all I could say.

"No, thank you" David said as he moved up to me on the bed and kissed me passionately.