 Tom had invited me round to his house to 'listen to music'. But we both knew that more than that would happen. He was in his mid 50s. I was a married man in my mid 20s who had never been unfaithful until Tom and I wanked each other off in a pub toilet last week. I put off calling him but on several occasions at work I had gone to the toilet, locked myself in a cubicle dropped my trousers and wanked with my shirt tucked in my briefs. All I could think about then was the thought of undressing Tom down to his shirt and underwear and pushing my face against his bulge.

So almost a week later I called him. He said he had almost given up on me but he realised that it was not easy and he was happy to do whatever I wanted at whatever pace. He really wanted to see me again though. We agreed that I would go round to his house the following Friday evening. I had decided to tell my wife where I was going using the music connection as a reason and she seemed quite happy with that. Friday was the evening I often went out with friends anyway. So it was all fixed and I spent the week in a strange mixture of excitement and trepidation.

When Friday came I set off promptly and rang the door bell exactly at the time we had agreed. Tom opened the door quickly and ushered me inside to his sitting room. There were racks of CDs around the walls and some expensive-looking equipment for playing them. He said he remained happy with his CDs and had not moved on to all the modern stuff. He put some music on and offered me a beer which I accepted and we sat together on his large sofa drinking and talking about the music and about the band he had been in and the sort of music they had played.

I think I would have been happy to enjoy an evening just doing that but after a while I noticed that Tom had started to gently rub his trousers. There was a definite bulge in them and of course the more I looked the more my own cock started to harden in my jeans. Seeing this he became more obvious with his rubbing and then reached over and took my hand and put it where his had been. This was my one last chance to pull back and say that it had all been a mistake but I guess I knew that wasn't going to happen. 

I stroked his bulge and felt it growing as I did so. Tom then undid his belt and the top of his trousers to reveal some white briefs, once again with his shirt tucked in them. I immediately moved my hand to stroke the briefs and as I did so Tom leant over and undid my jeans. I had some grey CK briefs on and had tucked my red polo shirt in them. Tom quickly put his hand on the briefs and worked on my bulging cock, which was already starting to ooze precum on to the fabric.

Tom turned to me and smiled, and said how much he had been looking forward to this, at which point he bent over and put his lips where his hand had been. This felt so good and I stroked his head and gently pushed it against me hoping he would take me in his mouth. And he soon did, filling it with my throbbing member, still covered in the damp briefs. 

"Oh, yes. Suck me Tom," I moaned.

Then he gently pulled my cock out of the leg of the briefs and slid it slowly into his mouth. His tongue was working too and the feeling was sensational. I knew that there was no way I wanted to cum this soon so I whispered to him that it was my turn. He pulled away and as soon as he was sitting back up I went to work, first on the briefs -- this was a one of the things that I had often fantasised about doing to a guy -- and then eventually on the cock itself. It tasted so good in my mouth and from the moans Tom was making it seemed as though he was enjoying the experience.

Then he too pulled back and suggested we remove some of our clothes. He said he would like to see me in just my shirt and briefs and I told him that was exactly what I wanted him to wear. So we pulled off the rest of our clothes, cocks still hard outside the legs of our briefs, and then to my amazement Tom leant over and kissed me on the lips. Yet again this felt so right and I responded straight away. We kissed and held each other close, our cocks rubbing against each other. His tongue was exploring my mouth and I joined in -- it was so passionate and so beautiful.

After we finally broke apart he said "I think our friends down there need a little more attention! How about we 69 on the floor?"

I couldn't stop now and down we went on the carpet, each facing the other's cock. Tom moved first and started to run his tongue up and down my shaft, tasting the oozing precum that was emerging from my hungry slit. I soon responded and followed his lead, licking him and finally taking him into my mouth and sucking - gently at first but then harder and harder as we both got more excited. I was in ecstasy. I wondered why I had waited so long for this moment as I started to feel myself move towards an orgasm. Tom sensed it and pulled out briefly to suggest we both tried to come together.

Now I had another crisis of confidence. I had obviously never tasted cum before, not even my own and I didn't know if I could. I pulled away from Tom and said I wasn't sure.

"Try this then," he said, still very aroused.

He started wanking his cock furiously until it erupted all over my face. I couldn't believe it and was so aroused that I immediately shot my load into Tom's mouth which was still working away at my cock. He took it all and swallowed most of it down but let a small amount dribble from his lips. Then he quickly moved his position and lay beside me with his face close to mine. He gently kissed my lips and my face taking in some of his own spunk. By now I was lost totally and joined in, sharing both our cream and reveling in the beautiful taste.

We seem to kiss for ages and then finally fell apart exhausted. We lay there silently for a while and then Tom started saying how beautiful I was and how incredible that I should want to be with an old guy like him. So I explained about my teenage fantasies and the teachers I had fancied. He couldn't believe that I had never fancied any guys of my own age but had to admit that that was great as far as he was concerned.

We talked for a little longer and then I started to have guilt feelings about my wife and said that I needed to get home.

"I hope we can meet again soon," Tom said. "there is so much more I'd love to do with you and I am sure you will enjoy it." 

I told him that I was sure I would but I was still feeling worried about where it would lead and how it would affect my marriage. He explained that throughout his marriage he had had sex with men. Not very often, admittedly, but at times he felt so horny that he sought out someone. I asked how he met them and he said that in the night club business, although he did not run any gay clubs, there were people around who were up for a one night stand. He also admitted that he had sucked a few guys off in public toilets. 

"But did your wife never know about any of this?" I asked. 

"Not unless she was very good at hiding it," he replied.

This certainly gave me something to think about and to my amazement I started to get hard again thinking about being sucked off in a toilet. But I knew I had to go. Tom was very keen that we met again and so we made a provisional arrangement to meet in a couple of weeks, time. As I got dressed I noticed Tom looking at my semi inside my underwear and I knew that I had to come back for more. And I did!!