 I offer many thanks to all the readers of the first chapter who sent feedback. I hope that you enjoy this chapter.

A very special thanks goes to my volunteer editor, Karen B. Her assistance has made this a far better story then it would have been. She is also a main reason I have decided to continue this series.

KB, you rock!




Owen circled the ring. He was crouched slightly, his muscles tensed. His eyes were locked on to his opponent. 

Rex also circled. Owen and Rex had been practicing defensive tactics training like this for about a month now, and Owen enjoyed the physical training a great deal more than the academic training he was receiving.

The academics taught him The Order had global reach, and had members from every corner of the world; all sworn to protect the great secret during their tours as its guardians and to pass the torch gracefully when their time had passed.

Since he had decided to attempt to join The Order of the Falcon Watch, the academic lessons had been about the history of The Order, and while it was quite interesting to study the rather colorful pages about the secret society scattered throughout the books of history.

Owen much preferred the time spent with Rex in the ring- both of them tense, alert, and ready to strike without a moment's hesitation.



Rex wore red Lycra shorts and Owen wore blue ones. Their bodies were slick from sweat, which made grappling very difficult, but Owen always ended up getting bested by the older Rex.

Rex was in his early forties, but his body was very fit. Rex was maybe two inches taller than Owen and outweighed him by a good ten pounds. His muscles were well defined, his body tanned. Rex also had extensive knowledge in the art of self defense.

Owen feinted to his right, and then shot in, in an attempt to take the older man down. Owen dipped lower, to try to take out the legs. Rex very easily stepped back and pivoted around to the right. As Owen went by, Rex wrapped his left arm around Owens neck. The bicep of Rex's left arm was against the side of Owens's neck, the forearm against the right side of his neck. They went down on the mat, Owen on his stomach, Rex on Owens back. The hair of Rex's whiskers brushed against Owens face as he said, "Owen, you have got to stop telegraphing your moves..."

Owen began to squirm underneath Rex, making an attempt to escape, but Rex was locked on. Owen felt Rex's hot skin along his back and nipples on his back.

Owen also felt the heat and shape of Rex's cock, trapped in the Lycra shorts, grinding gently into the cleft between his buttocks as Rex maintained his grip and held his opponent to the mat. Owen's cock began to swell as unsolicited thoughts about the implications of the position Rex held him in ran through his mind.

Owen tapped on Rex's thigh and Rex eased the pressure on his neck, and then released altogether.

"Alright, alright, we'll call it a day. Let's go shower. We have to meet Mr. Chapin in his office in a few minutes."

The shower, just down the hall from the training area, was as flawless and impeccable as the rest of the complex, and was one of Owen's favorite places in the building. The water was always the temperature he set it to, and it was a center of refuge and relaxation after a long day's training. 

Once in the locker room, Owen took off the wrestling shoes and socks and peeled off the Lycra shorts. He suddenly had an urge to look at Rex naked, and it was quite a sight to behold.

He took good care of his body; Owen still had some of the bruises from training to prove it. He watched as Rex pulled his shorts off, throwing them onto the floor into the pile with the rest of his clothes. The globes of his ass round were well defined, and his calves and hamstrings were in no worse condition. His hair was close cut, military style, and gray on the temples. His goatee was cut close also and pencil thin.

When Rex turned around Owen took the opportunity to openly stare at his cock. It was semi-erect, cut and probably not much bigger than Owen's; Rex's balls, shaved, hung low.

Owen felt his dick start to swell again as he took in the picture in front of him, remembering how Rex had pinned him so forcefully to the mat.

Naked, they went into the shower area. Rex had his shower set for just below scalding; Owen still couldn't understand that preference. The steam wafted up and filled the shower while Owen soaped up; catching sight of Rex, he stood transfixed as Rex soaped up his body, reached for his cock and having caught Owen staring, slowly and teasingly stroked it. Owen felt his own cock swell even further, and when Rex turned to challenge his stare, Owen asked, "Could I...um... stroke it too? I could finish for you, if you would like..."

Rex smiled seductively. "Now, now, Owen, let's just control ourselves for a bit." 

Owen was immediately embarrassed and turned back toward the shower wall. It was humiliating enough to have made such a request, and to be turned down just made it all worse. He had come a long way as far as trusting the others went, but he still had a few hang ups about this kind of thing. Oh well, he thought, grabbing a towel and wrapping it around his waist. Guess I'll just have to get used to it.

After donning their street clothes, they proceeded by elevator to the top floor of the skyscraper, the same building where he had been introduced to Mr. Chapin.

There were many people of Owen's age, scampering around with files and papers, and just looking generally busy.

Seeing Owen's curious expression, Rex offered an explanation. "They're administrative assistants. You know, gophers." 

"Oh," Owen said simply.

Upon reaching the outer office, they were met by Fred Siegel-clad security personnel. After identification badges were checked, the secretary beckoned them and said, "Mr. Chapin will see you now."

Entering the inner sanctum of Chapin's office, Owen was awed by the brightness of everything in it. Everything appeared to shine. Rising, Mr. Chapin smiled. "Owen, my boy, how are you? Have a seat, please. How is your training coming along?"

Owen told him that the experience was incredible and that he was enjoying the training immensely. Rex pointed out that Owen had been excelling in every phase of the training, and Mr. Chapin was pleased.

"I take it that your stipend has been direct-deposited into your account, as I had arranged?"

Owen told him that everything was fine in terms of money, but that he'd had to lie to his parents, telling them that he had gotten a job as a security guard in this building.

Neither Rex nor Mr. Chapin had suggested how he was to handle that. It was a problem to which The Order would offer no solution.

Mr. Chapin then turned serious.

"Owen, the time has come for the next phase of your ordeal. It will be in four days...this Friday. You are to refrain from any sexual contact, and that includes masturbation, until after this next phase. You will arrive at this building promptly at 7:30 PM and await instructions. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir."

"Do you have any questions?"

"No, sir...I don't have any questions."

"Very well, then, if Rex has no further training for you, you are free until Friday at 7:30."

He rose and shook Owen's hand and Owen and Rex exited the office.

"Do you need a ride home?" Rex asked, scratching his elbow.

"Nah, I'm straight." Owen said staring down at the ground.

"What's on your mind, dude?" Rex sensed something was bothering his student.

"It's nothing, I guess...but...I didn't piss you off when I asked if you wanted me to jack you off in the shower, did I?"

Laughing, Rex said, "Hell no! Shit, if the situation was different, there would have been a major stroke fest. " Owen chuckled at that.

"Maybe more, who knows, but we just can't do those things now. What made you think I was angry with you?"

"I don't know, I guess I'm just not accustomed to being rejected like that."

"Well, it's nothing personal. You have some serious matters coming up and you need to save your energy."

Owen called a friend to pick him up. On the drive home, he thought about what was in store for him, and hoped he could do what was required without too much apprehension.

The four days passed at an unbearably slow pace for Owen. He just couldn't get his mind off the last Ordeal, and wondered constantly about this one, of what his test would be this time. He tried going to Ronnie's house to distract himself, but all Ronnie wanted to do was watch porn and jerk off, it was something Owen could not stand to watch right now. Owen was already dealing with not being able to jack off as it was, and going over there to catch Ronnie in the act would surely do him in.

He took a lot of cold showers and played play station until his thumb was sore, trying in vain to take his mind off of his aching dick.

When Friday finally came, he kicked around the house for most of the day. He got a ride from his mother to the office, telling her he had some overtime to work.

Owen entered the building at 7:25 and was met by a uniformed security guard.

"Please follow me." he said calmly.

They got on the express elevator; the security guard sent the lift to the thirty-fifth floor. Exiting the lift, Owen and the guard proceeded down the hall. Owen noticed, through an open door, a stage, with stadium seats in a semi circle around it....That must be for big meetings or something, Owen thought.

"Please, continue this way." The security guard had stopped and was waiting. Owen moved on.

At the end of the hall, the guard opened a door for Owen and waited for him to enter. Owen entered and heard the door close behind him, then the lock latched.

Owen didn't know what to do. He stared at the door. He heard another door open and turned to look.

"Owen, you are on time. Excellent!" Mr. Chapin had entered the room. He was in his standard suit, coat off and tie loosened.

"Owen, in a bit, another person will come in here, and his name is Kodi. He is a local college student, and he works for our firm. You are to follow his directions, without question. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir," Owen replied.

"Then I will see you shortly." 

Mr. Chapin turned and exited through a different door then the one Owen had entered.

Owen's palms began to sweat. The unknown was frightening and exciting at the same time.

"You must be Owen." Owen never heard the guy come in. The dude was about nineteen or twenty years old, the same as Owen. He was about six feet tall, and maybe 150 pounds. He wore blue jeans and a t-shirt. His brown hair was cut short and he sported an earring in his right ear.

"So you must be Kodi. Well, I've been given my instructions, so I'm just waiting on you."

"Alright, right this way." Kodi opened another door and they walked a narrow hall. He unlocked a door off the hall. He beckoned Owen to go in. 

The room was white like a hospital, it smelled of various scents like menthol and evergreen. In the middle of the room was a massage table.

"Owen, you need to go in the room over there and shower. Use the soaps provided, and come out here when you are done. There are no towels, so you'll have to come out here wet. Go ahead and strip down here."

While Owen was taking his clothes off, Kodi had opened a cabinet and was pulling out some containers. Owen couldn't see what was in them.

Once naked, Owen went into the shower room. Turning on the water, he wet himself down and began to lather himself up. I better not touch my cock, he thought. It might go off. He laughed out loud at this, only slightly exaggerating; it had been at least six days since he had jacked off, and his balls were aching.

Owen exited the shower, and reached instinctively for a towel, but there was none. He walked out into the room with the table.

Kodi was now wearing a white loin cloth. His legs were somewhat muscular, and covered with a thin layer of black hair. His ass was round and taut.

He took a soft white towel and began to towel Owens arms, massaging the bicep then down the arm to the wrist. He toweled Owens hand, wiping each finger one at a time. Kodi then dried Owen's back, and down to his ass, drying each cheek, and then spreading it open to pat it dry. He dried the legs one at a time, then his feet.

"Owen, you need to get on the massage table now. Face down, please."

Owen climbed on the table and laid down face first. Kodi then took the container and poured some heavily scented oil in to his hand. He began massaging the oil into Owen's shoulder and back. Once the oil was massaged in, Kodi started massaging Owen's feet, then calves, and thighs. Last, Kodi began massaging oil into Owens buttocks, and separated the cheeks and rubbed Owen's asshole. When the oil was rubbed in, Kodi stood back.

"You need to turn over now."

Owen was concerned. The young man massaging him had given Owen a minor erection. He turned over and laid back, face up, the back of his head now on the table.

Kodi started massaging the oil into Owen's hairless pectoral muscles. His palms brushed gently over Owen's nipples, sending tingles to his oversensitive groin. Owen barely stifled a moan.

Kodi moved down to Owen's abs. The he reached Owen's crotch. His dick swelled.

"Sorry for the boner, dude." Owen said.

"Don't sweat it. It happens." With that, Kodi gave the cock a couple of strokes, grinned when it hardened further, then resumed massaging Owen's crotch.

When he was done working the oil into Owen's skin, he directed Owen to a closet and told him to put on the underwear and the robe.

Kodi grabbed a cell phone and dialed.

"The preparation is complete. Yes sir... Yes sir. Very well, then." Kodi cut the connection.

The clothing was a black Speedo like brief, only it was a thong. Owen pulled them on. They were tight and snug on his cock, which was now pinned against his body by the briefs.

The other piece of clothing was a blue robe, with a hood on the neck and a white rope to tie the robe closed. As he was starting to tie the robe closed, Kodi stopped him. 

"No, no, don't tie it off just yet."

Kodi, who was now wearing a long white cheese cloth shirt that draped over his shoulders and hung to just above his knees, and moved toward Owen.

He dropped to his knees in front of Owen, and placed his right hand on Owen's covered cock. He shaped the cloth over the cock. He used both hands to both manipulate the ever swelling dick and cup the balls.

Owens cock was outlined by the cloth of the briefs now.

Kodi then announced, "It's time."

He led Owen through a door. They walked a short distance and turned left, in to an antechamber.

Rex and Mr. Chapin were there, waiting. Rex was in a robe like Owen's except his was red, and had gold embroidery along the edges. Mr. Chapin also wore a red robe with the embroidery, but he had the addition of a white sash around the waist.

"Owen, are you prepared for this test?"

"Yes, sir."

"Very well. Kodi, please begin."

Kodi opened the door and they filed in, Kodi, then Owen, followed by Rex, and finally Mr. Chapin.

The room was the auditorium Owen had seen earlier. In the center of the stage was a maroon colored pillow. There was a table next to that.

A bank of studio lights was beaming down on the area of the pillow. The rest of the auditorium was in the shadow, but Owen could see twenty men, seated in the stadium like seats, one row higher than the one in front of it. There were five rows of four seats each. The seated men all wore robes like Rex, their hoods over their heads. At each seat there was a small, high definition screen attached to the arm rest on the right.

The procession moved solemnly to the center of the stage. Kodi stepped off to the side, in a shadow, while Rex and Owen turned to face the audience, standing side by side. Mr. Chapin stepped to the front and addressed the audience.

"Welcome, Knights of The Order of the Falcon Watch. We are here to bear witness to the ordeal of aspirant Owen. He has shown that he trusts the knights of this Order. We will now show to him that his trust in us is reciprocated."

Mr. Chapin turned and made a motion for Kodi to come forward. Kodi moved efficiently to the center of the stage and motioned for Owen to take a step forward.

Owen moved to the center of the stage, and stood facing the audience. The bank of bright lights heightened the depth of the shadow that the audience sat in. All of their heads were up and facing Owen, but the bright lights prevented him from making out what they looked like as their hoods increased the shadow over their faces.

Kodi moved behind Owen and untied the rope, which allowed Owen's robe to fall open. Kodi took the white rope, and folded it in half, twice, and laid it on the table. Next, Kodi slid the robe off of Owen's shoulders. The robe was draped over the table delicately. Kodi next put his thumbs inside the waist band of the briefs Owen wore. Kodi worked the brief over Owens hard cock, and then used a thumb to pull the thong from the cleft Owens buttocks. When they fell to the stage, Owen stood fully naked, his cock full erect and engorged, his shaved balls suspended between his legs.

Kodi spoke, his voice just above a whisper. 

"Owen step this way and kneel down on the pillow."

Owen nodded and went to the pillow. It was a long rectangle, and very fluffy.

On his knees now, his back to the audience, Kodi walked behind Owen, and slid his hand in between Owens legs. 

"Owen, you need to spread your knees as far apart as is comfortable."

Owen complied and stretched his knees apart, his cock swinging with the motion. Kodi reached under Owen and gave a small tug on his balls and said, "You will do fine Owen." He stepped away.

From behind him, Owen heard Mr. Chapin bellow, "There is no greater way for one man to show his trust for another man, than to allow that other man to take his cock into his mouth and to suck deeply from it. It demonstrates that one has complete and total confidence in another man since it is at this time when a man is most vulnerable. It also shows that a man can maintain the discretion that is sometimes needed."

Kodi maneuvered a small camera, attached to a flexible stand and wired into a box underneath the table, and positioned it to the right of Owen's head. A red light indicated that the camera was recording.

Rex now stepped forward and stood in front of Owen. Having just heard Mr. Chapin speak, Owen realized he was now going to suck his first cock, and it was going to be Rex's.

Nervousness and apprehension consumed Owen. He had never done this. He had thought about sucking his friend Ronnie's cock before, but had never been in a position to do it. Now, the first cock to go into his mouth belonged to a person who Owen had grown to trust and consider a very good friend.

Thoughts swirled through his mind. What do I do? What will it feel like? How will it feel to him? Will he cum in my mouth? What will it taste like? Do I swallow it? Owen just didn't know and he was scared.

When Rex was positioned in front of Owen, facing the audience, Kodi stepped forward and assisted Rex with his robe. Kodi took Rex's Speedo briefs after Rex had removed them.

Rex's cock appeared massive to Owen now. It was fully erected and appeared swollen. The veins on his cock seemed to pulse with every beat of Rex's heart.

Kodi now positioned himself on Owen's left, also on his knees.

"To demonstrate the trust we have in this aspirant, Brother Rex will allow him to take his cock in his mouth and shoot his seed into his mouth." Mr. Chapin announced

Owen began to tremble slightly. He looked up at Rex. "Rex," he said in a strangled voice, "I've never done this..."

"Owen, you will do fine. Just do what you would like to have done to you. Have confidence and you will do fine."
