 I have been lucky in my life when it comes to sex, especially when taking into account the small Northern California town I live in. When I say Northern California I mean Northern California; not the Bay Area but so close to the mountains bordering Oregon you can almost hear banjos playing in the forest.

The social makeup of the place was definitely Red State; overwhelmingly white, Christian and conservative. It was always amazing to me and yet, at the same time, completely understandable how many men I was able to have sex with. None of them were ever out but there was only so long that a person could run from their sexual urges.

I dated women exclusively. Some of them were kinky, others not so much. The others didn't last very long but the kinky ones and I had our fun. As it was such a white area there were very few black men around but when we found one my girlfriends would immediately want to fuck them. Quite a few times they got lucky and were able to experience it.

As the years went by I tired of the place and moved to a different state. New friends, new experiences and good times were had. There was a much larger racial makeup in my new home.

However, one morning I found myself single and horny. This wasn't your normal horny either; I was so incredibly horny that I could barely contain myself. I called into work, took the day off, and went to the local booths, spending time at various glory holes within but it wasn't doing it for me.

I texted a few hookups in the area and while they gladly came by and got themselves off it wasn't doing it either. I kept feeling that itch that couldn't be scratched and it was starting to annoy me.

As evening rolled around I found myself in front of my computer on Craigslist, browsing through the Casual Encounters section. Nothing really jumped out at me so I clicked into my account history where I saw all the old postings I had made for previous girlfriends. So many of them were for finding black cock and a majority had been successful.

Despite playing with cock a lot myself, and watching my exes get fucked by them, I realized I'd never had one myself. It was then that I decided to retool one of the old postings for my own purposes.

I posted asking for a big black cock that liked fucking men and wouldn't take no for an answer. One that would use and abuse me until they got their nut. A few tepid responses came in and I was about to give up but then came one I really liked. He said all the right things; about how he didn't let anyone know he fucked men but liked topping them, how he was aggressive about it and wouldn't stop until he was done, and didn't give one shit if I came or not. He attached a picture of his cock; it looked to be about eight inches long, thicker than usual and incredibly beautiful.

We exchanged emails for a bit, getting a feel for each other, then I gave him my address. An hour later there was a knock on my door; a big black man taller than me and while built he wasn't the muscle builder type.

He wasted no time as he grabbed my head and put me on my knees in front of him. I unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out to find it was semi-hard. I took it in my mouth and started sucking him. It grew and kept growing until finally I had to pull it out as I was choking on it; what I pulled out was indeed eight inches long and as thick around as a twenty ounce soda bottle.

I struggled with giving him head for a bit longer when he grabbed me once more, took me to my couch and bent me over the arm, telling me not to move. I could hear him doing something behind me when, suddenly, I felt his cock go into my ass in one hard, fast push. He had lubed his cock but not my asshole, shoved it in to the balls, and started fucking me. The moment it was completely in I had something happen that had never happened before; I came like a river. Cum started pouring out of my cock in ropes without an orgasm.

He fucked me hard and rough, all the while cum kept pouring out of my cock onto the floor. I couldn't stop any of it from happening and didn't want it to. He was fucking my prostate just as much as my ass, and was stretching me with the right amount of pain to be pleasurable with each thrust.

He continued for about thirty minutes before he shot his load deep into me. Before going limp he pulled out, went to the bathroom and cleaned himself off. I fell to the floor, my hips and legs finally giving out.

He made his way to the front door, stopping to tell me, "I'm gonna fuck your ass whenever I want."

He left.

As I stayed kneeling on the floor, his cum dripping out of me to mix with mine, I realized the truth that all of my ex-girlfriends had come to years ago. In that moment I realized that I could never go back to white cock. It HAD to be big black cock from then on. They take what they want, how they want it, and don't ask permission.

It was so raw, powerful, and intense that from that moment on I joined my ex-girlfriends as a big black cock slut.

During subsequent visits he talked about sharing me with some of his friends, letting them have their way with me. I don't care how many friends he has or if they're people he just met, I'll let them all take turns. My ass is reserved for big black cock from now on.