 Gary held the onyx ring up to the light and squinted. "Are you sure this will work?" He asked dubiously.

"Absolutely," the man behind the counter of the magic shop said, smiling. "You can wear that ring as long as you want and there will be no effect on you. But the minute someone else touches it or wears it they are yours."

Gary wrapped his fingers around the ring and smiled. "I'll take it."

Gary rushed upstairs when he got home and went to his room. He took a quick shower and brushed his teeth. He skipped supper and went straight to bed.

As he lay there looking up at the ceiling he thought of Lance Archer. Tomorrow it was time for some payback.

__________________________________

The day went as Gary expected it to. Nothing happened outside the ordinary. He had taken the onyx ring from its box that morning and wore it on his finger. When he had first put it on he felt a little jolt, like a small charge of electrical energy passed through the ring and into him. He felt giddy. 

Now the school day was almost over. It was almost time. He thought back on how this had all started, back during his second year of college...

Gary was walking toward his locker when this big ox of a guy hit him with his shoulder. Gary back pedaled, tipped, and fell over. Gary adjusted his glasses and looked up to see some sort of God...Maybe a Norse God, like Thor... No, as he focused he realized a God did not smite him. Obviously this was one of the college football players...

"Dude," The footballer said, smirking, "You need to watch your step." The footballer looked him up and down. "You're a little fella, aren't you? Bet you're gay." And with that the footballer turned and walked away, never offering to help Gary up or gather his books.

Gary found out later that the "God" was Lance Archer, the quarterback for the college team. He tried to avoid Lance, but everyday Lance seemed to find him and antagonize him. He always suggested that Gary was gay. At first it didn't bother Gary much but the more it went on the more Gary questioned whether he might be gay. He had never been with a man before, but, then again, he had never been with a woman either.

Gary kept questioning himself about his masculinity. He found himself fantasizing about the different cheerleaders and hotties he saw at the school. He didn't really feel much of a response. Then he started thinking about the other guys in the school. Particularly the team quarterback. That caused him to stir. He thought about Lance smiling at him; Lance's broad shoulders and muscular physique. Gary's cock would rise slowly when he thought these thoughts until it was finally raging out of control. He imagined him and Lance together (Strictly as an experiment, of course), and Lance's body would be a thing of wonder. He could imagine Lance's cock throbbing in time with his own. Gary would stroke his own cock as he thought these thoughts until he finally reached orgasm. Gary decided a month ago, after a very intense orgasm, that he would find some way to be with Lance, to find out if these feelings were normal for someone his age. Then, as if by some act of fate he had gotten lost and ended up at the magic store. He found the ring almost instantly but it had taken him a month to decide if he wanted to try it or not.

Now Gary stood about ten feet from his locker and waited. He knew Lance would be the last one in the hallway, he always was. Gary always ended up being there at the last minute too. Gary's last class was at the other end of the building so timing always screwed him. As Lance turned the corner at the end of the hallway Gary started moving toward his locker. He tried to ignore the sweat on his brow and act normal.

As Gary got to his locker Lance slammed into him with his shoulder spinning Gary around. "Well, look what the cat dragged in," Lance grinned. Gary put his back against the locker and raised his hand toward his face. It looked like Gary was trying to cover himself in case Lance swung (As he had done in the past), but in reality Gary wanted Lance to see the ring on his finger. Lance stared at Gary's hand. "What you got there Gay-ry?," Lance sneered. He reached out his hand and pulled the ring from Gary's finger. And froze.

Gary breathed as the tremors inside him melted away. "Lance?" he asked. Nothing. He grinned. "Lance, listen to me. Put that ring on your finger." Lance raised the ring to his other hand and placed it on his index finger. His eyes had lost their focus. "Tonight at eight P.M. sharp you will come to my apartment. You will tell no one that you are coming to see me. If anyone asks about the ring you will tell them that you got it at the carnival. Won it playing a stupid game or something. Throughout the rest of the afternoon you will think of me often and when you do you will feel a stirring inside, a good feeling, an excited, desirous feeling. Do you understand?" Lance looked toward Gary, his eyes still unfocused.

"I understand" he said. 

"Now, go home and get ready. Take a shower and think of me. Tonight we experiment. You will now go about your usual business as though nothing happened. You will not remember this conversation." Gary was so nervous and excited he just barely registered Lance turning away and mumbling to himself. Gary couldn't believe it! It worked!!! But tonight was the real test.

__________________________________

At eight sharp there was a knock at the door. Gary opened it nervously, afraid and excited about what could happen. No, would happen. Sure enough, Lance was standing at the door twisting the ring on his finger and looking around as if he didn't want to be there. "Come in" Gary said, and instantly Lance's eyes lost their focus as he stepped inside. Gary closed the door behind them.

"Lance" Gary began. Lance's head shot up and his eyes stared into Gary's. "You belong to me now. Anything I tell you to do you will do. You will be happy to do it because you know it makes me happy. You came here because you found yourself attracted to me. As you think back on it, you have always been attracted to me. That is why you treated me badly. But that is over. You will never treat me that way again. You only want to make me happy now. You will do anything I say. You will now give me my ring back. The ring does not control you, I do. Even without the ring on you will do as I say. Do you understand?" 

Lance was slipped the ring from his finger and handed it to Gary even as he nodded. 

"Good. Now I am going to snap my fingers and you will act more like your old self. You will not understand why you are here but you will remember the feeling you have been having all afternoon. You will feel a strong need to explain all this to me. But you will still remain under my control." Lance nodded. Gary snapped his fingers.

Gary looked at Lance. "Why are you here Lance? You need to kick me around in my own place?"

Lance looked around nervously. "Gary," He almost whispered, "I need to talk to you. I've been having these feelings" His voice trailed off. Would this work? 

"What is it Lance?" Gary placed his hand on Lance's forearm and Lance shivered.

"Gary" Lance blurted," I think about you all the time. I've been thinking about you all afternoon. Even at the dinner table with my girl and her parents. I even got a hardon." His voice was frantic. "You got to make it stop. I am not gay."

Gary grinned inside. So far so good. Lance was hesitant, Gary had not expected that. But it would be no problem. "Lance," Gary stared straight into Lance's eyes and acted confident, "Gay is not a bad thing. It's just a different thing. You don't want to be like everyone else. You want to be happy. Does thinking about me make you happy?" 

Lance's eyes had glazed a little. "I don't want to be like everyone else. I am happy. Thinking about you does make me happy," He said.

I felt my lips twist into a grin. "Then take off your clothes Lance."

Lance pulled his T shirt over his head. He was ripped. His muscles stood out on his chest and arms. He had a perfect six pack. Lance shook his head and Gary watched his blond hair fall to his shoulders. Damn he was good looking. As Lance dropped his pants Gary stared. He was amazed. Lance's cock was pretty small compared to his own. It was only about three inches by the look of it. And it wasn't hard. It should be hard, Gary thought.

"Well, this changes things somewhat," Gary murmured, "Lance, look at me." Lance looked up shyly, almost like a girl on her first date. "Lance, I was going to see what it was like to be made love to by a man. But for now I think we will make a change. I am going to take my clothes off. When I do you will stare at my cock. Seeing my cock will make your body respond. You will want me more than you have ever wanted anything else. You will do anything I say, any time. When we are alone you will call me master. You will act as you normally do but you will not resist me in any way. It will all seem natural to you. It will seem like the right thing to do. Do you understand?" 

Lance stared into Gary's eyes. "Yes master."

Gary tugged his T shirt off. He slowly dropped his sweat pants and watched Lance. Lance stared at Gary's cock, his eyes bulging.

"It's huge!, "Lance exclaimed. Lance's cock began to grow. He stepped closer. "Ca...Can I touch it?", "He asked.

"Yes, you can. But once you do you will want it all the more," I said.

Lance tentatively reached out a hand and touched Gary's cock with a finger. He jerked like he had been shot. He ran the palm of his hand over my large erection and moaned. His cock was standing out from his body hard as a rock. It looked like he measured around six inches hard. Not bad, Gary thought.

"This...Feels so good," Lance murmured as he stroked Gary's cock. "I have to have it." He got down on his knees and began to lick Gary's throbbing hard on. Gary tilted his head back and put his hand on Lance's head. This felt better than he had expected. A lot better. Being gay would not be a bad thing.

Lance ran his tongue along the underside and moaned. He mumbled about how great Gary's cock tasted. He talked about how long and hard Gary's cock was. He stroked it slowly at first then tightened his grip and stroked faster. "I have to have you," He pleaded. Gary felt the same way. This was incredible compared to jacking off and thinking about Lance. This was the real thing.

"There is lube in my bedroom. Get it and get ready for me," Gary said. "I want you to lie across the table." Gary stroked himself as he watched Lance trot away to lube himself up. As Lance came back into the room Gary stopped him. 

Gary lowered his lips onto Lance's manhood. He could feel Lance's cock throbbing in his mouth, could feel it pulsing against his tongue. He felt his own hard on growing. He didn't think that was possible. One day he wanted to taste Lance's cum. But today would not be that day. "Bend over the table Lance", Gary commanded.

Lance bent over the table grabbing the sides with his hands. His ass was up in the air as Gary stepped behind him. Gary rubbed the head of his cock against Lance's cheeks and along the center of his ass. Lance moaned loudly. He could feel the lube Lance had rubbed on himself. Lance had it all over. Probably from the excitement. Or the lack of control. Gary spread Lance's cheeks and eased his massive cock in slowly. Lance almost screamed from the pleasure of it, his hands gripping the table tightly as his head jerked. The first thing Gary thought was how tight it was. Then he thought about how great it felt. It was incredible. He could feel Lance's tight ass squeezing against his cock. He could feel Lance rising up to take more of him inside. He could hear Lance moaning and begging to cum. Gary pulled out half of his length. 

"No," Lance moaned, "Please, I want it. Give it to me." Lance raised his ass and pushed back against Gary's throbbing cock. Gary thrust his cock in and Lance screamed in ecstasy.

"Yes," He moaned. "Give me all of you." 

Gary became more rhythmic in his thrusting...In...Out...In hard...Out...Lance gripped the table, moaning with every inward thrust and whimpering with every outward movement...Gary leaned over Lance and whispered, "Cum". 

Lance exploded. His ass rose off the table and pushed hard against Gary's straining cock. At the same time Gary felt his own orgasm rising to the surface, his cock pulsing as it raced to climax. He groaned and collapsed on Lance as he filled him.

They collapsed from the table onto the floor, both of them panting. Lance's hand slid down between the two of them to grip Gary's cock. Gary's juices slipped between Lance's fingers and he raised his hand to his mouth to taste them. He moaned again. "I want you to cum in my mouth," He said as he stared at Gary. 

"Not today," Gary said staring back, "I really liked that. So did you." 

Lance nodded and grinned.

"But we have other experiments to do. I have yet to have a woman. Perhaps I would like one better." 

Lance frowned and shook his head no.

"I want you to find a woman for me."

Lance stared. Gary met Lance's eyes. 

"You belong to me now Lance. You will return to your normal state. You will act as if nothing has changed for you. You will not mistreat me again. This will be our secret. Our secret life. You can make love to other women or other men. But you will never feel what you felt with me from anyone else. You will get up and dress and go home. You will lie in your bed and remember everything that we did. Your mind will re-experience it all. You will know, deep inside, that you will do anything for me. Your happiness comes from my happiness. You will remember everything that happened but you will tell no one else of it unless I okay it. When I say the word dolphin you will return to this state and do whatever I say. Do you understand?"

Lance nodded and whispered, "I understand master." He rose from the floor and began to dress, humming to himself. 

As he walked out the door Gary thought to himself, "This is going to be fun."

_____________________________

If you would like to see this story continued, and if you have any suggestions, please send me a message. 