 Back in the day, it was fairly easy to find what you were looking for. First of all, there were adult book stores. Every one I ever saw was basically the same. There was a video section, and there were booths there. Usually, you'd go in, drop in your money or tokens, and the monitor came on giving you access to anything and everything. And if you were lucky, the booth would have a gloryhole. 

When they got to be few and far between, there was Craigslist. It was Nirvana for anonymous hookups. The fun fact I found out was the closer you got to a big city, the more likely you were to find anything on there. 

When that went there way of the dodo bird, I was frustrated. I wasn't one of those guys out cruising every night, but every now and then, the urge came over me. And I'm sure you know what I'm talking about. 

Then I heard about another online place for fun and games. So I loaded the app, and went looking. There was everything I was looking for, and it was sorted by location. 

I filled out my profile first of course. Having realized that I had to attract someone with my words, I thought about it for a while before I posted it. 

Under the title, I posted "Daddy's here."

And the body read,

"Have you ever wondered what it would be like to have Daddy suck you dry? Hit me on messenger and find out!"

That lacked subtlety, but I was looking for something specific. And not too much later, the first message rolled in. 

It read "Hi Daddy".

So I answered. 

"Well hello. What can Daddy do for you this evening?"

There was a long pause, and then;

"Can we drop the Daddy stuff?"

"Lol. Of course. I only really use it on here to show I'm an older male."

"Thank you. It's not really my thing."

"That's fine. So what is your thing? What are you looking for this evening?"

There was pause, and then six words. 

"I'm looking for my first time."

I understand that some guys really like this. But over the years, I've come to dread it. I've found that most guys take quite a while to get to the point where they'll act on their desires. So to me, a first timer is probably going to be a flake. I needed to ask more questions. 

"So tell me something. Is this a spur of the moment thing?"

"Oh no. I've been thinking about this for so long now. To be honest, it seems forever. And I've wanted to do it. But something held me back. Finally, the urge became overpowering. So tonight's the night."

Ok, this might actually work out. So I went on. 

"That sounds good. I'll be happy to be your first. You're going to love it. It's addictive you know. So how do you want to do this? Can you host?"

"Yes and no. I can't have you come here, but I manage an apartment complex. I can always get out to show an apartment."

"So we get to play in an empty apartment? Nice!"

"That's the plan. Here's my picture."

When it saw it, I about fell over. I knew him. Well, I knew him and his wife. I lived in the same apartment complex, two buildings away. I thought for a moment, and then figured what the hell? Why not? If it all worked out, I'd have a regular buddy to play with. 

So I asked him when was good. He said in half an hour, and gave me the address. Then he asked;

"Can I see a picture of you?"

I thought quickly and replied;

"No. That's the way I like to play. I'm into the stranger/anonymous thing."

He was ok with that. Then I said;

"I'll be wearing shorts and a t-shirt. The t-shirt is from a radio station. It's not one around here, so you can't make a mistake. It's from a station called DC 101."

I signed off and got ready. Then I walked over to the meeting place. He saw me walking up, recognized me and said,

"Hey. How's it going tonight?"

"That remains to be seen. But hopefully very well."

That puzzled him, and before he could ask about question, I pointed to my shirt. He saw the logo, and said,

"Oh my God. That was you?"

"Yes. And before you panic, I meant everything I said. I'm looking for fun, and I'd love to be your first."

He looked at me for a minute, and saw I was serious. Then he said,

"Let me show you the apartment."

We went to the second floor, and he let us into an apartment. It was much better than mine, and I commented on it. He said,

"They just redid this one. Eventually all of them will be like this. Check out the carpet in here." 

We both sat down there. He was right, it was wonderful. He looked at me then and said,

"So how did you get started playing with guys?"

"Back in the day, I was in an adult book store and found a gloryhole in my booth. I wasn't really sure what it was for, so I put my money in and started watching porn. I was jerking off, when I saw some fingers come through the hole from the other side. I still didn't get it, until they motioned for me to come over to the hole. Then I got it. I walked over and slid my cock right through."

"Damn, really? What was it like?"

"They got on the other side didn't waste any time, and I had a hot wet mouth wrapped around my cock right away. He was the best cocksucker I'd ever had. He took all of me right down. If the wall hadn't been there, I'd have felt his lips against my balls."

My friend leaned back, resting his head on his elbow. He was laying on one side listening to me, and I saw an opportunity in that. I did the same, but opposite of the way he was. In other words, her was facing my cock, and I was facing his. Then I went on. 

"I still remember how fantastic it felt. And I didn't last long. I don't think I lasted five minutes with him. So there I was, my body plastered against the wall, and my cock down his throat. When I came, I thought I was going to pass out. And possibly drown him with the huge load. But no, I could feel his mouth and throat working as he swallowed every drop."

My friend looked across at me for a minute and said,

"That was so fucking hot!"

I could tell he enjoyed it. His shorts had a large bulge in them. I smiled and said,

"Glad you liked it. It looks like you really, really enjoyed it."

He saw where I was looking, and smiled. And admitted it. 

"Yeah, just thinking about that got me going. So what do we do now?"

I looked at him and said,

"Why don't you get a little more comfortable?"

He knew what I meant, and he slipped his shorts down to his ankles. I was face to face with a cock almost as big as mine. 

"Now, since it's your first time, we're going to start slow."

And saying that, I reached out and wrapped my hand around his cock. It must of felt good; he moaned, and I started stroking him gently. 

"There you go. There's your first step. Another guy is touching your hard cock. Feel good?"

"Oh yeah!"

"Good. Since you're nice and hard, we can move to the next step."

"What's the next step?" He suddenly looked worried. "I don't know if I'm ready to touch you."

I was ready for that. 

"I know, and that's no problem. Here's what I'm going to do."

I removed my shorts, and of course my hard cock was inches from his face. 

"I told you I don't know if..."

"I know. You don't know if you're ready reciprocate. I get it. I just want you to have the opportunity if you decide to. If you don't, that's fine. Now, let's see how you like this."

Leaning forward, I teased the head of his cock with my tongue. He was hot; I tasted pre cum already. I glanced at his face. His eyes were closed, and he was enjoying every little sensation. 

"Does that feel good?"

"Mmmmmmm, oh God yes."

"Good. Tell me how this feels."

And I sucked him into my mouth. It was finally happening for him. He was getting what he'd dreamed about. Another man was sucking his cock. I held him there for a minute, enjoying his taste, and the way he filled my mouth. Then I started the slow slide down his length. 

I heard him breathing hard, he was enjoying my mouth as much as I was enjoying him. I took him all the way down, then started sucking in earnest. My head was bobbing up and down when I felt it. 

His hand stroked my cock. Lightly and gently at first, then with more confidence. Soon he was matching my rhythm. I was glad to see he wanted to explore. That was an incredible turn on. Then I felt him move a little. I glanced down, and was surprised by what I saw. 

He was an inch from my cock, staring at it as he stroked me. Then it saw it. His tongue slipped out, touching the tip of my cock. He paused for a moment, I suppose he was deciding if he liked the taste. Then I saw his mouth open, and my cock slid in. Damn, that felt good, even though he was inexperienced.

I went back to concentrating on him. I swallowed him all the way down, then started sucking faster and faster. My cock popped out of his mouth then. He was close, and I was going to get what I wanted. 

Then I felt it. His cock swelled in my mouth, and I tasted his hot cum flooding my mouth. That's exactly what I was craving, and I swallowed his seed greedily. I swallowed every drop, savoring the taste and the moment. 

When he was finished, I let his softening cock slip from my mouth. He rolled into his back, breathing hard. Finally he looked down at me. 

"That was amazing."

"I'm glad you liked it. Was it everything you were dreaming about?"

He nodded. 

"It was everything and more. Guys are better at that than women."

I agreed with that. It was something I'd found it years ago. 

"I agree. I've always thought that, just because we've got the same parts. So we know how we want them used."

He chuckled at that. And I went on. 

"You were very adventurous too. Congratulations! I was very impressed. So what did you think about that?"

"It was really different. I'd never imagined that feeling. It was hard, yet soft at same time."

I knew what he meant. I remembered that same feeling from long ago. I was still nice and hard, so I asked,

"Would you like to try again?"

He thought for a moment, and then nodded. 

I stood up then, and we moved into the kitchen. There was an island there that was the perfect height for what I had in mind. I sat down on it, spreading my legs. Then I looked at him and said, 

"Go ahead. It's all yours."

He leaned over me, and I saw him lean down, staring at my cock in front of him. 

"Just do it the same way you like to have it done. That's a good place to start."

He smiled and nodded. Then his tongue snaked out, and wrapped itself around the head of my cock. Damn, not bad for a beginner. I watched his tongue pleasure me, then he slowly slid me into his mouth. I watched his head slowly slide down my length. He took as much as he could, then I hit the back of his throat. He gagged, and looked at me. 

"Sorry."

"No problem, that comes with practice. Just do what you can. You'll get better the more practice you get."

He smiled at that, and went back to sucking my cock. It was amazing to actually watch his first time. He was getting into it too. He obviously enjoyed it. He was sucking harder, and I was closer. When it came time for me to cum, I stopped him. 

"You were wonderful, and I'm going to cum. Are you ready for that?"

He just nodded, and went back down. And it didn't take long. A few strokes later, I shot into his mouth. 

He did a good job, taking as much as he could. I saw him swallow, and saw some run out of his mouth. 

He stood up then, licking his lips. I saw a little he'd missed, and gently, I swiped it up with my fingers, and slid them into his mouth. He sucked my fingers, cleaning then and swallowing the rest. 

I knew we were finished then, and I asked him,

"So what did you think?"

He thought for a moment, and said,

"I liked it. And it was more than I expected. More fun that is. I know I want to do it again."

I smiled at that. 

"There's a lot more than two guys can do together. But you'll get into that down there line. If you want to that is."

Our first evening was over then. I left, and was pretty sure I'd see him again. When his urges became overwhelming.