 I want to thank all those who sent me feedback on my first story. This story will include 2 of the characters from the first, but the premise is not the same. First, the story will be told in 3rd person, not in the 1st person as in my first story. The plot will be different as well. In fact, I have decided to go in a direction I have never gone in my writing. I do not know how good it will be, but I am going to try it. The first portion of this is not very erotic but is used to introduce the plot. 

Please feel free to give me feedback.

*

Chapter 1

Mr. Chapin

A few weeks later, Owen and Ronnie, needing more weed, returned to Rex's home. It was Ronnie's turn now. Owen sat on the large leather sofa and watched TV for a while. Owen, becoming bored, began walking around looking at the things Rex had on shelves. Owen started to feel a little uncomfortable as he realized he was snooping. As he snooped he discovered a piece of parchment between some books on the book shelf. The parchment was folded twice, and appeared to be very old. The brown paper was torn and dog eared from being handled. Owen thought, "What the fuck...." and opened the paper.

The words or the scribbling was unreadable to Owen. The writing appeared almost like ancient Egyptian writing. But, at the bottom of the paper was an etching that was identifiable to Owen. The etching depicted a bird of prey, perched on a limb, over a golden chalice. Owen was drawn to the eyes and the talons of the bird in the drawing.

Ronnie's loud moan of climax broke Owen out of his trance. He quickly folded the paper back up and put it between the two books where he had found it originally.

Rex came down, looked at Owen, who was standing in the middle of the room. Rex stared at Owen for a heartbeat or two, the traces of a smile appeared on his face. Rex went into another room, and directly came back.

"Owen, here is your package." Rex said, giving Owen the baggie. 

"Thanks, man."

Ronnie came down the stairs with a silly grin on his face. He got his package and they started out the door to go to Ronnie's car. As they reached the car, Rex called out, "Owen, come here for a second."

Owen looked at Ronnie and shrugged. He turned and headed back to Rex at the front door. He reached the door and Rex beckoned him inside.

Rex handed Owen a card saying, "Put that in your pocket. It's my cell number I want you to call me later. I have something for you. It's a chance to make some money and maybe something else. You cannot tell Ronnie. Just call me."

"Ok, Rex...I will hit you up later."

"Just tell Ronnie that I was giving you information about a police sweep or something, ok?"

"Sure thing...no sweat."

Owen got into the car and Ronnie asked, "What's up, dude?"

"Nothing, he was just letting me know not to come around for a while because the cops are really out in force."

Ronnie accepted that and drove away. Ronnie wanted to go to his house and watch porn and smoke up, but Owen said he could not because he was supposed to go with his mom to see his aunt. It was a lie. Ronnie even said that he would jack Owen off, but Owen said no. Ronnie took Owen home.

Once home, Owen was really curious about what Rex had for him. But Owen had come to respect Rex....to trust him to a certain extent.

After dinner with his mom and dad, Owen got his cell phone and pulled out the paper that Rex had given him. Owen hesitated briefly to think about this situation. What the fuck is going on, he thought. Owen held the phone in one hand and the number in the other and stared at them. Owen felt that now familiar feeling in his stomach. The flip flop of nervousness and the intrigue of some mystery along with the curiosity filled Owen.

Owen dialed the number. The phone rang twice.

"Yeah...." It was Rex.

"Hey, Rex, it's me, Owen."

"Owen, I am glad you called back. "

"Yeah, just thought I would hear what you have for me."

"Good, well, I have someone I want you to meet. He is a real good guy. He wants to know you. I told him you were a real good kid, and that you might be interested in his....offer."

Another offer, Owen thought. "I don't know Rex. I don't want to do gay porn or anything like that."

Rex laughed, "Don't sweat that. It's nothing like that. It's more like wanting to know if you are the type of person we may want in our.....organization."

Owen asked, "What kind of organization?"

"Let's let you meet Mr. Chapin and have him tell you about it. Then you can make the decision yourself."

"Ok, I will meet him."

"Good deal. I will set it up for this Friday, how does that sound?"

"Yeah, Friday will work. When and where?"

"Meet me at my house at 7:30 on Friday night."

"How do I get to your house?"

"Owen...figure it out. 7:30 Friday night." Rex hung up.

Shit, what the fuck am I doing, Owen thought.

=====================================================================================

On Friday, Owen talked his dad into dropping him off at a friend's house and he got the friend to drive him to Rex's house. Owen went up to the door and knocked twice. Rex opened the door, "Owen! I am glad you showed up." 

Rex was beaming at Owen. Rex was wearing a black long sleeve t-shirt that hugged his biceps, blue jeans, and some boots that looked like police boots. Owen felt a stab of fear. Rex saw the look and recognized what was happening. "Owen, relax. I wear these Oakley assault boots for my contracting job. If I was the police I would have busted you and Ronnie last week. Now come on, and let's get out of here."

Rex led Owen through the house to the garage. When Owen entered the garage, he saw the absolute baddest car he ever put eyes on.

"Rex....this car is shit hot, dude!" 

"It's an Audi R8."

"Dude, you have got to let me drive this bitch...."

"Owen....maybe one day I will. Maybe one day you will have one of your own."

They drove from the suburbs into the city center. Everyone stared at them as they cruised in the sports car. Owen was really digging the attention they were getting. Some of the most beautiful women he had ever seen not in a porn movie were openly gawking at them.

Rex pulled up to The Sheraton Metropolit, what had to be the most expensive hotel in the city. A valet came bounding from somewhere. Rex handed over the keys to that fine piece of machinery to be driven by someone not much older than Owen.

"Owen, let's go buddy." Owen followed Rex through the lobby and into the hotel restaurant and bar. It was dimly lit and there were about 30 people at various tables. Rex was making his way to a rear corner. They approached a circular table that was occupied by a single figure who rose from his seat as they came closer.

He was tall and well built. He was in his fifties. He was tanned, and it made his white hair stand out. He had piercing blue eyes. He was dressed in a Saville Row suit, with a red tie. He had a crooked smile that exposed very white teeth.

"Rex, it's so good to see you." They shook hands and hugged with their free left hands.

"Is this the young man who is a candidate?"

"Mr. Chapin, let me introduce you to Owen. Owen, this is Mr. Chapin."

Owen held out his hand and Mr. Chapin shook firmly. His hands were smooth and the nails well manicured.

"Owen, Rex tells me you are a fine young man and that you may be interested in our organization." He said as they sat at the table. He offered to buy a meal, and Owen took him up since he had not eaten. It was the finest steak Owen had ever tasted. During the meal, Rex and Mr. Chapin made small talk. Something about different "missions" that Rex had been on. But it was clear they were talking around Owen. Then Mr. Chapin turned to Owen and began questioning him.

How old was he? 18 but turning 19 at the end of the year.

Did he play sports? He played hockey and baseball.

What were his plans since he was out of high school? He was going to enroll at State University.

On and on it went for at least an hour. Owen felt like it was an intense job interview.

When the bill was paid Mr. Chapin said, "Owen, would you mind going to my office so that we can talk about my offer to you?"

"No, sir. That would be fine."

They went out the front doors and turned to walk toward a limousine parked on the curb a block away. As they got closer they passed an alley between the hotel and another building. Owen heard some loud talking. Owen turned and saw 3 gangbangers emerging from the darkness. The biggest one said, "Look at these fags!"

Owen was now squared up to the thug. The thug stepped closer as his friends began forming a semi circle. Owen was watching the leader as he said, "I am going to fuck you up, bitch.."

The thug turned to laugh with his friends, and then spun quickly throwing a punch at Owen. He wasn't quick enough. Owen had been in plenty of fights in hockey games so he was prepared for the punched. Owen blocked with his left arm and took a step in, at the same time driving a solid punch in to the solar plexus of the gangbanger. When he doubled over, Owen shoved him so that he fell back to the ground. Owen moved in to finish him off when the other gangbangers moved to defend their down friend.

"Let them fight!" it was Rex. He had stepped up to cover Owens back. The duo thought better of risking getting their asses kicked and stepped back. Owen reached down and grabbed the thug by the collar and snatched him to his feet and was about to pound him when the thug choked out, "Oh fuck this man, I got my money. I'm done." Owen stared for a moment and then turned to look at Rex and Mr. Chapin. Mr. Chapin was nodding very slowly, the crooked grin on his lips. Owen delivered a knee to the thugs groin and dropped him to the ground.

"What the fuck was that about?" Owen was pissed.

"Owen, let's get in the limo, go to my office and I will fully explain this situation." Mr. Chapin said, gesturing towards the limo. Rex came up and said, "Owen, let's just go and you listen. You will understand in a moment. Come on dude." Owen calmed down because it was Rex. They got into the limo and it pulled away. Where he was going, Owen did not know.

The limo pulled up to the sky scraper and all three of them got out and proceeded to the front doors. Once inside they were confronted by a security guard. The guard recognized Mr. Chapin, and said, "Good evening Mr. Chapin. You are working late tonight."

"Yes, John, my colleagues and I have business to discuss." Mr. Chapin said while shaking the guard's hand.

Mr. Chapin led them to an elevator and they got in. Mr. Chapin took out a key and inserted it into a lock, turned the key to the right, and the elevator rocketed up. No words were spoken. But Owen could see that Mr. Chapin was studying him. When the lift had reached the top floor the doors opened and Mr. Chapin removed the key. They went through the foyer to a massive wooden door. Mr. Chapin opened the door and stepped aside for Owen to enter

The room was amazing. To the left was a kitchen with stainless steel everything. A glass dining room table was on the other side of the bar that ran along the edge of the kitchen. Rounding a corner Owen saw the expanse of the living area. The entire far wall was glass and the city could be seen. The room was dominated by a large black leather sofa that was shaped like an "L" opposite the glass wall. Near the large plasma TV was a circular table with 4 leather office chairs.

Mr. Chapin picked up a remote control, turned the lighting down to a low blue shade that emanated from the corners of the room. He asked Owen to have a seat at the table. Owen sat facing the glass wall, studying the buildings that made up the city. Rex removed his leather jacket then sat to Owens left.

"Owen, here is $250. This is for listening to what I am going to say. Following that, should you choose to take part, then I will give you another $250." Mr. Chapin laid the money on the table then scooted it towards Owen with his fingers. Owen stared at the money then up at Mr. Chapin's face.

"It's yours Owen, pick it up and put it in your pocket." Owen looked at Rex. "Owen, he is serious. It's yours." Owen finally scooped the money up and folded it then placed it in his pocket.

"Owen, if I said the words Order of the Falcon Watch, would you know what I was talking about?"

Owen shook his head, "No, sir." 

"During the 2nd crusade, in 1148, the Christians in the Holy Land made a discovery. A discovery so profound and astounding that the leaders at that time recognized the importance of never revealing it or the secret it held. This secret, should it be revealed to man, would cause the end of humanity as we know it. The discovery was removed from the location of its discovery and moved to another distant location. To protect this secret, the church requested a knight, named Bayard, to recruit and train an order of knight whose sole purpose would be the protection of the secret. He created the Fraternal Order of the Falcon Watch. The order was limited to 22 knights, all of whom were the most physically fit, mentally prepared, hardest warriors that have ever been produced."

Owen sat in total amazement, so bewildered he could not speak. 

"Owen, we are the Order of the Falcon Watch. Rex and I are only 2 of the 22 knights of the order existing in this day. We are losing a knight. We are considering you as his replacement. Rex says that you are top candidate. If you choose to do this, you will have to pass a series of tests. A trial, if you will. It's called the Ordeal and it will test you significantly. But if you pass through the ordeal and are knighted, you will learn of the secret, join our elite group, and may assist in continuing the human race."

Owen realized his mouth was hanging open. His heart pounded in his chest so hard he thought it was going to burst from his chest. He recovered enough to ask, "This ordeal, what is it?"

"The ordeal must be faced as a pure unknown. You cannot know what you face as you do not know what tomorrow will bring....next year....even the next hour."

Owen swallowed, and then said, "I don't know...I mean....I don't have anything special about me."

"We disagree." It was Rex.

Mr. Chapin said, "Owen, you have already passed the first step tonight."

Owen thought for a minute, and then realized they were talking about the fight with the gangbanger. They had staged it. They had paid the gangbanger to start the fight.

"Owen, do you wish to go forward?" Mr. Chapin asked.

"I don't know. I need more information, I think."

"Well, you cannot have any more information at this time. As you proceed through the ordeal you will learn more, but for now, you have all the information you are going to get. Do you wish to proceed?"

Owen could not believe it or what he was about to do. The mystery was so compelling. What was the secret? Knights and the crusades seemed so Hollywood to him, but here he sat being recruited for an order of knights.

"What do I have to do next?"

"Your answer please. Do you wish to proceed?"

Owen looked at Rex. Rex sat emotionless staring at Owen. He would offer Owen no assistance.

"Ok, Mr. Chapin, I will try. But I do not know how well I will do."

"Excellent, Owen. I am so grateful to you for taking this on. "Owen sat watching out the window at the city.

"Owen, we can begin, I need you to remove your clothes now. Our knights must be the picture of male physical perfection. Your seed must flow from the most magnificent human male form. We will test your body and your seed now."

Owen did not understand what was going to happen. How would they test this about him?

Owen removed his shoes, then stood up and took his jacket off. He saw that both Rex and Mr. Chapin were staring at him. Owen removed his hoodie sweat shirt and t-shirt next. His hairless chest and pectoral muscles rippled in the blue of the light. His nipples hardened as he began unbuttoning his jeans. As he stepped out of the jeans, his cock began to thicken. Without looking up at Rex or Mr. Chapin, Owen slid his boxer briefs down over his ass, then off of his cock. They slid the rest of the way down to his ankles. He stepped away from them, and then looked up. Owen was totally naked.

"Your socks, Owen. You must be totally nude for me." Owen leaned over and peeled the white athletic socks from his feet. He began unconsciously curling his toes in the plush, white carpet on the floor.

Mr. Chapin stood from his chair and removed his suit coat, draping it over the back of another chair. He loosened his tie, and began rolling his sleeves up. His eyes moved from Owens down to Owens body. Owen felt his cock harden some more. He didn't understand what was happening to his body. He was not gay. He always jacked off to pictures of women. Why was his dick getting hard just by standing naked in front of this 50 some year old man?

Mr. Chapin rolled one of the leather office chairs in front of the window, set a locking switch for the wheels so the chair would not roll and then moved very close to Owen. He reached out and grabbed Owens cock. His hands were warm. He then switched to Owens balls. He manipulated them gently and finally said, "Owen, Rex is going to masturbate you cock. We are going to measure you and the amount of sperm you produce. When was the last time you produced sperm?" It was almost a whisper.

"If you mean when was the last time I jacked off, it was 2 nights ago."

"What did you jack off to?"

"It was just some porn stuff." Owens cock was responding to the older man's manipulation and growing ever harder.

"Was it just a woman, just a man? Was it man and women?"

"It was a guy and a girl."

"Did you watch the man's cock as it moved in and out of the girl?"

Owen hesitated then answered, "Yes, sir."

"It's ok Owen. You are a young man and you want to see how you measure up to other men."

Owens cock was now near full erection. Mr. Chapin turned to look at Rex, he nodded and Rex left down the narrow hall to the left. When Rex came back, he was holding lubricant. Mr. Chapin let go of Owens cock and moved back towards the table. "Owen, turn around and face away from us."

Owen turned, facing the glass wall. He could see cars moving along the road, in the distance.

"Owen, you need to kneel on to the office chair. Spread your knees as far apart as is comfortable." Owen complied, using his hands to hold onto the back of the leather chair.

"Owen, it is important for us to have no secrets. We must be able to stand in front of our brothers fully exposed. It shows a trust that most will never understand. Do you understand that, Owen?"

"Yes, sir"

"Good, now Owen when you are ready, I want you to reach around with both of your hands, and spread your ass open as wide as possible, allowing us to see your asshole. Owen, do this only when you are ready to."

Owen did not like this idea. He had seen Rex with the lubricant. He hoped they didn't intend to fuck him in the ass. He was not ready for that. But he remembered what Mr. Chapin had just said, this was about trust.

With trembling hands, Owen reached around to his ass. He had to lean his chest on the back of the chair so he would not fall. Owen found a flashing red beacon light on a television antenna mast on a building in the distances. Owen focused on the pulsing light. Owen thought briefly about what he was about to undertake. Where would this lead him? What did the future hold now for an 18 year old, about to be 19, with nothing more than a high school education? In his wildest imagination, he never thought he would be recruited into a modern age order of knights. This was crazy. But he knew he was going to try.

Owen reached behind him, placed the tips of his middle fingers right on the outer edge of his asshole, then spread his butt cheeks open.
