 The ability to find whatever I was looking for online opened up new doors for me. It's one thing to find a curious guy that feels like giving a blowjob, or wants to have someone suck his cock. It's another thing to find someone that wants to fulfill his fantasies, no matter how wild they are. 

I got lucky one night, and got into something totally wild and crazy. I was checking out my favorite app when I found someone posting for multiple guys. And not just a few. He wanted as many as he could get. I messaged him right away, and soon got a reply. He added me to a group, and gave us all the information on there. 

I took the information, and waited. Believe me, it was tough waiting knowing what I was walking into. But I managed, and as soon as the time came, I took off. 

I arrived, and I was immediately fascinated by the place that had been chosen for the nights activities. According to the guy, it was an old Summer camp that was on his property. It hasn't been used as long as he'd owned it, and her figured it was perfect for what he has in mind. It was an interesting place. I pulled up to find multiple cars there already. I got out and headed into the camp. 

It would have been perfect for one of those teen horror movies. It was obviously abandoned, and in a real state of disrepair. I didn't get that spooky vibe though, so considering why I was there, that was a good thing. I walked down the path, looking for the big main pavilion he told us about. It wasn't that hard to find. I just looked for the crowd of guys. I found them and went to see what was going on. 

The scene there was amazing. I found our house right away. He was naked except for a white t-shirt. And he'd obviously been busy before I got there. His face shone in the dim light from multiple loads of cum. And I could see stains on his t-shirt too. He'd obviously taken a lot of loads, and that was what he'd been looking for. 

As I watched, he leaned forward again to take another cock. He was good, sucking one down his throat while jacking two others in his hands. I could see why he was drenched with cum. He was taking it each and every way he could. 

He knelt there in the dark, sucking to his heart's content. He was surrounded by several rows of guys, watching, waiting there turn and jacking while watching him. 

One of them decided to take things to the next level then. He leaned over and whispered in his ear. I saw our host nod, and then position himself on the picnic table in the middle of the pavilion. He kept his mouth full of hard cock while the first guy walked up behind him. I watched him slowly work his cock into our hosts ass. Once he completed the initial plunge, he started fucking our host slowly while he sucked away. 

I'd never seen a guy spit roasted before. Women yes, but this was a new experience for me and it was fascinating. He rocked forward, talking a cock down his throat, then back on the second one, taking it deep into his ass. The sight of that got me really going, and I unzipped immediately. 

I stood there in the dark night watching the spectacle in front of me. As I stood there, I felt the first hand on me, stroking me slowly as we both watched the fun. I looked to my right and saw my buddy has his jeans undone too. I thought about stroking his cock too, but then thought what the fuck and got down on my knees. I opened my mouth and took him in, all the way down. He was fascinated; he watched our host while I took him down my throat. It didn't take him long to cum. When he did, I slid him back into my mouth. I wanted to taste it on my tongue before I swallowed. That hot sticky fluid filled my mouth, and I gulped it down. 

Meanwhile our host was fucking and sucking everyone in sight. The crowd kept getting smaller and smaller, and by this time I was watching just to see if he could pull it off. Finally the last guy left, and he turned to me. 

"It looks like you're the last man standing."

I smiled at that, and looked at him. His t-shirt was completely see through now from all the loads of cum on it. His face was drenched with it too, as was the rest of his body. I'd never seen anyone with that much cum on them. I didn't think it was possible, but it made me even harder seeing that. He eyed my cock and asked,

"So how would you like me to take care of that?"

I knew exactly what I wanted then. I'm usually an oral guy, but tonight was one of those rare nights for me. 

"Bend over the picnic table, and I'll show you what I want."

He smiled at that, and did as I asked. I rolled a condom on, and moved in behind him. He reached back and guided my cock into his hot ass. Then he grabbed the other edge of the table, ready to fuck. 

And fuck him did. Hard and fast, just like everyone else did that evening. I could understand why all the guys that fucked him came as fast as they did then. He had a fantastic ass, and I would have cum that way, but it defeated the purpose of his evening. So when I got close, I pulled out, stripped off my condom and told him,

"Open your mouth."

He did just that, and I fired my load into his hot waiting mouth. I saw it flood his tongue, and watched as he swallowed it all. Every last drop slid down his hungry throat. 

I put my cock back into my jeans then, and went to leave. As I did, I saw more cars pulling in. I briefly thought about staying to watch, but then decided against it. 

I've wondered to this day how many guys he did that night.