 "Good morning Mr Strachan, please come in."

I welcome you as you are ushered into my office. Rising from my chair I move around my desk to meet you as you approach the chair in front of my desk. 

We shake hands your grip is firm, your palms moist, I allow my hand to linger in yours as I take in the sight before me, you are dressed impeccably in a dark navy double breasted suit, light blue dc shirt and navy/silver striped silk tie perfectly tied in a Windsor knot. 

Breaking our handshake I gesture you to take a seat, watching you intently as you bend to place your briefcase on the floor, before undoing the buttons on your jacket, you take your seat crossing your legs, adjusting your trouser leg, allowing me a sight of your navy sheer socked leg and pointing your patent leather tasselled loafers at me.

Wow I thought as I drank in the sight of this beautiful man in front of me, he carries himself so well, his slender frame beautifully filling his well tailored suit, his youthful looks belying his age and a smile that would melt an iceberg, He was everything I could have hoped for.

Proceeding through the interview process, I was finding it more and more difficult to concentrate, deciding that he would be more than perfect as my PA, I had to see how willing he would be to please his future boss. 

Moving around my desk I handed him a report to comment on, moving backwards I perched onto the edge of my desk, adjusting my trouser leg allowing you the sight of my black sheer sock, watching you intently, your eyes held on my legs, you slowly adjusted your position in your chair and slowly moved the report in your hand to cover the front of your trousers, were you aroused?

Standing up I commented on the heat in the office as I started to remove my black pinstriped suit jacket and moving back to my chair hang it over the back of it.

Returning to stand in front of you, I noticed your complexion was slightly flushed, I suggested that you might be more comfortable if you removed your jacket, I adjusted and smoothed down my waistcoat, noticing that yours eyes were following my hands, I made to brush the front of my trousers ensuring that you noticed the slight bulge in them before again perching on the side of my desk.

Reaching over to you I took the report from you as you stood to remove your jacket, you appeared slightly harassed, as your hands quickly moved to try and cover the front of your trousers, turning your back to me you slipped your jacket off, revealing a matching set of braces, bending slightly to place your jacket on your chair, allowed me the gorgeous sight of your pinstriped suited ass, the material tightening slightly as you bent over, it was perfect! 

Turning back around, there was defiantly a bulge in your trousers as you sat back down, crossing your legs to try and hide your erection. 

However from my elevated position this was futile, realising this you placed your hands in front as you looked up at me, realising I had seen your bulge, smiling at you, your face reddening with embarrassment, I continued with the interview, every so often I would brush my trousers, your eyes following and then lingering on the crotch area of my trousers, which was increasing in size every time I caught you looking. 

Coming towards the end of the interview, I explained to you that I would also need you to partake in duties that would be out with the normal office routine, looking straight at you, I went on to explain that I would require total and unquestionable loyalty, too which you would be well recompensed, my cock was now leaving quite a bulge in my trousers and as I brushed my hand across it I saw your eyes move and linger on it, you moved your hands to the side allowing me the sight of your bulging crotch.

You coughed, clearing your throat and in a trembling voice asked, "What these extra duties may be." 

Smiling at you I suggested that you already had a good idea of what these duties would be, your face became redder and I noticed a bead of sweat on your upper lip, I continued, asking you if this would be amenable to you, standing up I adjusted my waistcoat, smoothed my trousers allowing my bulge to tent slightly and placed my hands on my hips, not allowing my eyes to move from your face, I saw that your eyes followed my hands and stopped on my bulge.

You reach out with your hand and touch my bulge. 

Shouting at you, "What the hell you are doing," as I swat your hand away, you look confused, stammering an apology.

I tell you to shut up and stand up, moving behind you as you rise I push your chair out of the way, moving back to in front of you, I glance down at the tent in your trousers as you try and place yours hands in front to try and hide your embarrassment. 

Looking straight at you, your eyes wide with confusion/fear, I tell you to stand up straight and to put your hands at your sides, obeying me I walk around you, admiring your physique, returning to the front, I ask you if you wish to continue. 

You stammer very quietly, "Yes."

I then raise my voice informing you that at all times you will address me as Sir!

Repeating the question to you, this time you clear your throat and respond that you want to continue Sir. 

Smiling I reply, "Very good boy, now remove your trousers," you quickly unbutton your trousers pull down your zip and slip the braces from your shoulders, allowing your trousers to fall to your ankles. 

You stand up, I again have to raise my voice telling you to take them off completely, you apologise as you quickly bend over and remove your shoes, freeing your trousers, picking them up you place them on your chair returning to your place in front of me. 

"Put your shoes back on," I bark at you, obediently you comply spluttering out a more assertive Sir. 

Moving around you I raise your shirt tail, I take in the sight of your gorgeous butt clad now in your white briefs, I instruct you to bend over and touch your toes, this allows me a fabulous view of your butt, pushing your shirt tail up I grip hold of the waistband of your briefs, yanking them down sharply to your knees you jump and let out a yelp, as I inform you that these will not do.

"Yes Sir," telling you to stand up your briefs slip to your feet, bending down I remove them and throw them out of the way.

Returning to my perch on the desk I tell you to lift your shirt front allowing me the sight of your now erect cock, not too thick around seven inches, uncut with the head glistening behind it's hood, a nice pair of hairless balls and semi shaved pubic area complete the picture. 

"Very nice boy, you can let go of your shirt now." 

I step over to you, I run my hand up your silk tie adjusting the knot ensuring it is nice and tight, I step behind you placing my hands on your shoulders, slowly I run my hands down your chest till I feel your nipples beneath your shirt I start to caress them you let out a soft moan, squeezing them harder I move closer to you allowing you to feel my bulge on your naked ass, you respond by pushing your butt backwards into me squashing my bulge between us. 

I start to alternate my hands, one on your nipples as the other I allow to caress down the front of your chest, moving close to your groin but never touching it, I feel your breathing increase as I continue to caress your chest, your nipples are jutting out through your shirt as I move one hand down and under your shirt tail, I slowly move up and under your shirt allowing my hand to graze against your naked ass, you moan and shiver.

I lean in and whisper in your ear, "Do you like that boy?" 

You gasp, "Ohhh yes, Sir." 

I move my hand around your waist and up your chest seeking out your stiff nipple, grabbing hold of it I repeat the process with my other hand, again leaning in to you I ask if you are enjoying this.

You reply, "Oh yes Sir."

I feel your hands move to my thighs, "Not yet boy," as I release your nipples and move away from you telling you not to move.

Slipping out of my office having ensured you heard the door close behind me. I quickly attend to some business with my secretary, completing this I told her to finish for the day and to lock the doors on her way out.

Returning to my office I find you as I left you, moving behind you, I complement you on your discipline, to which you thank me, moving back in front of you, I see you are still hard pushing out your shirt and a rather prominent damp spot on it. 

"Now Mr Strachan shall we see what you can do for me?" 

You smile, your body seems to relax, as you step towards me, dropping straight to your knees, you place a hand on each of my ankles, looking up at me constantly, you begin to work your hands up my legs caressing them as you slowly go higher, getting to my waist you pull yourself forward allowing your face to brush against my bulging cock, gently you start to lick your way up my suited shaft, your hands moving to my ass where you start to massage my butt cheeks, you look up as you are teasing my cock.

"Good boy," I gasp as I feel my cock straining against my trousers.

You move back, your hands slip under my waistcoat and begin to undo my trousers buttons, releasing them you then unzip them, only to find that I am wearing braces, you stand up and looking at me you begin to undo my waistcoat, you remove this and place it on my chair, you now pull my braces from my shoulders allowing my trousers to slip to the floor you quickly follow them, remove my shoes and place my trousers on my chair, returning to your knees in front of me you undo the bottom buttons on my shirt allowing you access to my tenting silk boxers you look up at me smiling before slowly engulfing my silk clad cock into your mouth. 

Your touch is exquisite, the warmth of your mouth around my cock, your hands slowly caressing my silk clad balls. My cock grows as you continue to work your mouth and tongue on it, soaking my boxers they cling around my cock like a second skin, you are a superb cock sucker, quickly bringing me to the edge, grabbing hold of your head I pull you off of my cock before you take me too far.

Pulling you up I move around you pushing you forward towards my desk.

"Bend over," I order you as I place a hand firmly on your neck forcing your face onto my desk. 

"Spread your legs boy." As I push your feet apart with my foot. Moving behind you I reach between your legs, grasping hold of your cock I pull it downwards as I push you forwards so as your cock is at the edge of my desk, releasing it stays in position, trapped by the edge of the desk. Pulling up your shirt tail I expose your naked butt, my other hand which was manipulating your cock is covered in your pre cum, using this hand I firmly smack your butt cheek before rubbing my pre cum covered hand over it, spreading your juices over the now reddening skin, you gasp or is it a whimper as I slowly trace my other hands fingers lightly across your other butt cheek, your body quivers in seeming anticipation, smack as I firmly hit your other butt cheek. 

You yelp and move slightly on my desk, grabbing hold of your butt cheeks I pull them apart, allowing me the sight of your puckered hole, stooping I draw my tongue slowly across your quivering hole teasing it, tasting your man hole, I work my tongue around your hole, as you push your butt towards my invading tongue. Satisfied that I've lubed your hole sufficiently I replace my tongue with a finger working my saliva into your hole, easing it open I feel you tense, I give your ass cheek a quick slap and tell you to relax. 

You whimper an apologetic, "Yes Sir."

Slowly working a finger into your hole I feel your ass relax, sufficiently for a second finger to invade your hole, working my fingers around and slipping them in and out of your tight hole, your hole slowly succumbs to my work allowing a third finger into you, at this you yelp and clamp your ass.

"Boy Relax!" I yell at you, as I again slap your ass cheeks with my free hand, slowly I feel your ass muscles relax as I work my fingers easing your hole open further taking my time I work my fingers in and out of your hole till I think you are opened up sufficiently. 

Ordering you to stay where you are I move around my desk, opening a drawer, making sure I am always in sight of you, I pull out a bottle of lube and a condom, your eyes watching me intently as I reach through the fly in my silk shorts and pull out my engorged cock and balls, watching your face I slowly stroke me hard cock, you start to mumble something, I tell you to shut up, rolling the condom down my shaft I quickly lather it in lube, moving back behind you I use the residue of lube from my hand into your hole, moving between your legs I bring my cock into position and slowly begin to push towards your hole. 

I feel you tense as my cock touches your hole, again I slap your ass, pulling your cheeks apart I begin to force my cock into your hole, my god you are still tight, slowly easing a fraction at a time your hole slowly allows my large cockhead in. 

Gasping as eventually my cockhead clears your sphincter you relax, leaving it in there I slowly caress your red butt cheeks ,allowing you time to get used to my cock, I ask you if you are ok. 

To which you gasp, "Yes Sir, You are so big Sir, please be gentle with me". 

I begin to push slowly into you I feel your ass muscles relaxing as I push further into your ass, eventually my balls are slapping against your butt, I again ask you if you are okay, your reply this time pleases me greatly. 

As you gasp "Oh please Sir, fuck me Sir," I start to pull from you, before ploughing back into you, increasing the speed I feel your ass muscles tightening and relaxing around my cock as I piston my cock into you, you begin yelling.

"Fuck me Sir, oh yes Sir, make me your bitch Sir." 

Grabbing hold of your shirt collar I pull on it, using it as leverage as I plough you harder and harder.

Feeling myself getting close to cumming I pull out of you, stepping back I tell you to roll over, pushing you back onto my desk I position you at the edge lifting your legs up you place them on my shoulders as I pull you towards my hard cock your hole grips onto it greedily accepting my length. 

"Oh Sir, Fuck me Sir, Hard Sir, Please," you plead.

Grabbing hold of your silk tie I pull it down, grasping your hard cock, which is leaking like a tap with pre cum, I slip your cock into the lining of your silk tie. Grabbing your hips I pull you hard onto my cock, burying it deeply into you, I begin ramming my cock hard in and out of you as you continue to plead with me to breed you your voice getting higher and higher.

Eventually I feel myself about to come, when I feel your anal muscles suddenly tighten clamping around my cock as you cum into your tie, this has the effect of putting me over the edge and I fill the condom again and again with my hot spunk. 

At last I stop cumming, I pull out of your hot ass, grabbing your legs I push them up and before releasing them I slap your ass cheeks. You stagger slightly against my desk as you regain your balance. 

Moving across the office I turn to you and tell you to stay where you are, also to think whether or not you wish to still apply for the position of my PA, I open a door and go through leaving you sprawled on my desk.

About ten minutes later I return, wearing a fresh pair of silk boxers and a clean shirt, I find you as I left you your breathing still very fast, smiling at you I begin to get dressed in my suit.

Sitting down at my desk I look at you still sprawled in front of me, I smile and again I ask you, "Do you still want this position?..."