 Five years into the Trojan War, c. 1200 BC

“Dammit! I don’t care what the commander thinks! It’s a stupid idea, and damned unnatural!” Elatus raged.

Laodamas sat looking at his friend and tent-mate, waiting for him to calm down. He knew it would happen eventually. Elatus merely needed to get his rage out. Unsatiated lust was an understandable reason for frustration. Damas had felt it himself enough to appreciate his anger.

Wishing to play the devil’s advocate, Damas interrupted Elatus’ tirade with a comment sure to spark another outburst. “Well, you know his reasons. He truly believes that if the men of the army are lovers, they will fight harder to protect one another. In theory he’s right, I would fight harder to protect my wife than any other woman. You know that you will not find a woman anywhere near our camp, have you considered the alterative?” Damas smiled to himself, the look of shock on Elatus’ face was reward enough for his devilment.

“Damas, you cannot mean that! You know as well as I that keeping whores and camp followers away from the men is wrong. Men being together, um, sexually, is un natural. I thought you agreed with me in this. Are you saying you have considered taking a lover from the men of this camp?” Elatus’ eyes narrowed at what he considered a most grave offense on his friend’s part.

Laodamas was taken aback at the question. He had never consciously considered taking a lover here, but five years without a woman was a long time. Thinking back, Damas found himself remembering times he had gotten an erection thinking about Elatus or a few other men around camp. At the time he had dismissed it as misplaced libido. But now he began to wonder. Could he make love to another man? To Elatus? The frightening answer was yes. Damas could see himself with his best friend and tent mate.

“Well, have you?” Elatus demanded.

“Not until recently my friend. We’ve been surrounded by men for five years. Tell me have you not even thought on the matter?” Damas asked quietly.

“Gods! My best friend, a pervert! A freak!”

Damas was hurt by his friend’s harsh words. But he was more than a little aroused by Elatus’ anger as well. The thought frightened him, but not enough to stop what happened next.

Laodamas stood and faced Elatus, their eyes level. “Is that what you think of me? The man you’ve known since boyhood? Me, the person who has shared your life’s struggles and joys? One comment and I’m nothing more than a freak?” The two men were now nose to nose, both fuming, radiating rage.

“I believe that is what I said.”

Closing the small distance that remained between them, Damas pressed his lips to Elatus’ in a bruising kiss. Elatus tried to shove his friend away, rejecting his intimate touch. But his efforts soon ceased as Damas deepened the kiss. Laodamas, slowly moved to put his arms around Elatus, not wanting to frighten him away. Soon both his arms were wrapped around the other man, one at his waist and one around Elatus’ neck.

Finding the lips he was pressed against suddenly pliant, Damas molded his lips to his partner’s. Damas’ used his mouth to tease Elatus. He nipped and licked his way around Elatus’ mouth until both were nearly panting. Judging him to be ready to go one step farther, Damas’ tongue surged against the other man’s begging entrance to the hot mouth beyond. 

Elatus barely hesitated before opening to his friend’s onslaught, all thought drowned in the sexual spell Damas was weaving around him. Damas’ tongue invaded the new territory, taking it as his own. 

Elatus was feeling lust beyond anything he had ever felt before. The arms that had remained glued to his sides found their way around Damas back until he was pressing himself against his partner. He could feel Damas’ erection, still confined within his breeches, pressed against him own throbbing cock.

Through the lust filled haze clouding his mind, Damas became alarmed. He hadn’t thought this would come so far. If he had hoped to gain anything at all from kissing his friend, it was a concession that men being together was not a horrible thing. He had never dreamed to find himself pressed flush against the other man, grinding his hips against Elatus’ erection.

Somehow, he found the power to break their embrace, putting a modicum of space between their overheated bodies. “Did that feel so unnatural to you?” Damas asked a bit of his normal wit resurfacing.

Elatus took a shuddering breath, trying to regain his brains, which seemed to have scattered at the first touch of Damas’ lips. His voice husky with arousal, Elatus met Damas eyes, “No, it didn’t.”

His own voice trembling slightly, Damas quipped, “Well, good then, I’ve proved my point.” He turned to leave on shaky legs.

“Wait! Damas, don’t leave. I, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean what I said.”

“The part about being a freak or the part about perverts?” Damas retorted, his eyes flashing with anger.

“I said I was sorry, I didn’t mean any of it, don’t go. I want you Damas, stay, please.”

Damas turned and surveyed the other man, unsure of himself and the situation. When he saw the look of burning lust in Elatus’ eyes, Damas doubts melted along with a little piece of his heart.

“Gods Elatus, you have no idea how much I wanted to hear that.”

The men met in the middle of the tent in a crushing embrace. Their lips searched the others out, then met in their second, passionate kiss of the night. It was only the second of many to come. Their hips ground against one another, seeking the pleasure they could sense awaited them.

Damas was the first to break the embrace, seeking to rid his lover of his offending garments. When his clumsy fingers could not manage the laces of Elatus’ shirt, he lost patience and ripped it from him. His own shirt found a similar fate when he tore it violently over his head. Both fumbled with their breeches, eventually managing to disrobe themselves completely.

Their bodies quickly reunited, their hands roaming each other’s bodies in a desperate attempt to learn every detail. Hands traveled from broad, muscled shoulders, to hard nipples, to narrow hips. Damas large hands found his way to Elatus’ rounded ass, gripping the twin globes, he pressed his lover to his body. Hard cocks rubbed against one another, slipping and sliding in a sensuous dance.

Both men were panting with lust, nearly undone by new and surprising feelings. Elatus took charge and led Damas to his bedroll, laying him down roughly and falling on top of him. Their lips met once again, both sets seeking succor from the other. Damas broke the kiss, needing more.

“Love me.”

Elatus didn’t need urging beyond those whispered words. His mouth traveled down Damas’ body, tasting every inch. He took his time in reaching his lover’s erection; when he did, Damas was nearly out of his mind with unsated need.

When Elatus’ mouth met Damas’ heated flesh in an untutored kiss, Damas’ hips jerked forward of their own volition. Finding himself deep in his best-friends mouth was too much for him. Damas thrust himself uncontrollably into Elatus’ mouth, violently seeking release. And release was had in short order. After only a few strokes, Damas’ scrotum drew up tightly, signaling the impending eruption.

“Gods, I’m almost there!”

Elatus growled around the invading cock, triggering Damas’ release. The other man wound his fingers in Elatus hair, burying his face in his groin. He spent himself deep in his lover’s mouth, sending his seed cascading down his throat. A few last thrusts and he collapsed beneath Elatus, exhausted.

“Gods El that was, that was . . . ”

“Amazing, I know.”

Damas rolled onto his side, waiting for his new lover to arrange himself beside him. His face was flushed not only with passion but with blooming embarrassment. “You must think me the greenest of untried boys. I didn’t last a minute.” Damas stared at the space between them, avoiding Elatus’ eyes.

“Well, in a way, we are both untried here.” Elatus reached for Damas’ chin, raising his face to look directly in his eyes. “I think you can make amends by returning the favor.” His eyes traveled downward to rest on his still hard cock.

“Gladly,” Damas growled before his head descended to his friend’s eager prick. Elatus jumped at the contact just as Damas had done minutes before. Damas found infinite pleasure in knowing he affected his lover in the same way as Elatus affected him. His own cock grew in response.

Not knowing quite what to do but knowing what had always felt good to him, Damas quickly engulfed Elatus’ cock and sucked for all he was worth. He must be doing something right because Elatus’ legs began to wobble and shake. Damas laid him down gently and went back to work.

He bobbed his head up and down eagerly, stopping to pay special attention to the head. He rolled his tongue around it and poked at Elatus’ slit. His lover seemed to particularly enjoy that treatment as a large amount of precum leaked out in response. Remembering that he especially relished the underside of his own member licked and stroked, Damas fell to stroking the underside of Elatus’ tool.

“Damas! Soon! I’m almost there,” Elatus gasped.

Damas attacked his friends erection with enthusiasm he’d never shown when loving women. His head was a blur as it descended down to the base and back again. Soon Elatus stopped him by jamming his head to his groin as his cock twitched and shot his load into Damas’ willing mouth.

Swallowing the first two streams, Damas pulled the overexcited prick from his mouth and directed the remainder of the cum to shoot on his chest and face. When Elatus ceased cumming, Damas scooped up a bit of his seed and held it to Elatus’ lips. He opened with only a small bit of reluctance and tasted his own sperm for the first time. 

After sucking Damas’ finger clean, he proceeded to lap up what had landed on his lover’s face and chest. They ended in another hot kiss.

When they finally broke apart Damas’ murmured, “Not so unnatural after all, eh El.” 

Elatus response was to tackle his friend onto his back and begin loving him all over again. For these two friends, a whole new world had been opened in one short night.