 'Parcel for you.' the parcel delivery man said when Brad opened the door.

'Oh, thanks. Come on in.' Brad told him.

The delivery man stepped inside and put the parcel down on the floor. As he did so Brad's eyes roamed over the fleshy butt tightly trussed up in the brown trousers. What a fine ass it was; Brad's imagination already had the man naked with his ring glistening with lube waiting to receive Brad's big, hard cock.

'Do you think I could get a glass of water?' the delivery guy asked.

'Sure.' Brad flashed him a smile and went to get him a glass of water.

'Thanks man, it is real hot out there today.' he said as he took the glass from Brad.

Not as hot as it is in here, Brad thought to himself. This guy was really hot, with sexy brown eyes and a really beautiful smile that revealed perfectly white neat little teeth. In his imagination now Brad had him up against the kitchen counter, kissing him while they rubbed cocks through the clothes.

'Nice place you got here.' the delivery man said.

'Thanks.' Brad replied. 'What's your name?'

'Hector.'

'Hi Hector, I'm Brad.'

The men shook hands and had a good look at each other. Brad thought he saw his own desire for Hector reflected back at him.

'You got a girlfriend, Hector?' 

'Yeah, but she is a good Catholic girl. You know how it is.'

'Not really.' Brad replied.

'Let's just say that the thing you want to do to me...well never in a million years will she do that.'

Brad gulped and flushed. He had been found out. Sneaking a quick look at Hector he decided that he was safe. Perhaps he was even egging him on, wanting to be seduced. He had known straight guys like that before; they didn't mind receiving a quick blow but it had to seem like it was all the gay guy's idea. 

'This thing I want to do to you,' Brad said 'you ever let any guy do it to you before?'

'Oh yeah loads.' Hector said. 'I don't know what it is about this uniform, but it seems once the guys see the brown uniform they just want to go down on their knees.'

Those words the best aphrodisiac Brad had ever known. His boner tented his sweat pants as he walked over to Hector and got down on his knees. He slowly unzipped and fished inside Hector's fly before pulling out a fat, brown uncut cock. Brad looked up at Hector and smiled before gently tugging Hector's flesh curtains back to reveal his plump, secretion coated plum coloured cock head. Then it was time to get to work. Brad opened wide and let the fat cock fall onto his tongue. Mmmm, that was nice. He gently nursed it in his mouth until it grew to its full eight, fat inches.

'Oooh yeah, suck my cock.' Hector moaned.

Brad tugged now at Hector's fly button and pulled Hector's pants and underpants down to his knees. His hands stroked up the furry, tanned thighs and around to the equally furry, plump ass. Hector's tan ended just below his balls and the ivory patch of untanned skin looked so deliciously rude. Not that Brad could see very well with his face so close up to Hector's thick bush of pubic hair. The man smelled like a dream, all hot and sweaty and musky. He reeked of sex and Brad had to have it all.

He came off Hector's cock and told him to turn around. Hector knew the score and leaned on the kitchen counter as he pushed his fleshy, pale, furry ass in Brad's ass. Brad pulled Hector's shapely ass cheeks apart and was blown away by the hairy crack with the surprisingly red asshole nestled in the depths. His tongue fought its was through a thicket of pheromone rich hair, licking it down until it stayed out of the way. At last he won his prize. His tongue tip darted over the crinkled folds of Hector's cherry and made him moan out loud.

Brad ate Hector's ass until the delivery man was just about going out of his mind with desire. This was something that always confused him, having his ass eaten. It always made him so damn horny but he didn't want the other guy getting ideas. There was no way he was going to take a spear up the ass. But sinking his own shaft in a nice tight hole, now that was a different matter all together.

Hector turned around and pulled Brad to his feet. He quickly tugged his sweat pants down to his ankles, allowing a surprisingly large cock its freedom. But it was not this that Hector was interested in. He spun Brad around and quickly buried his face in Brad's ass. He was so horned up that he hardly knew what he was doing and this was the quickest way to lube up the dude's hole. And the quicker he got it lubed up, the quicker he could bury his bone.

Brad was just thinking how wonderful it felt, and how unusual it was that a straight guy would eat ass when suddenly this hard club of a cock pushed past his ring and into his guts. Damn, the dude was in a hurry! Tears stung Brad's eyes and he concentrated on adjusting to this thick, fleshy cock that was starting to stab into his guts. Hector was like an animal now, thrusting away into Brad's chute and calling him every dirty name under the sun. 

The initial pain soon passed and Brad was now left the most amazing feeling in his ass. It had years since he had been with such an enthusiastic fucker. Each stroke felt like it ought to be enough to get Hector's cum gushing but on and on he lunged with the sweat pouring down his handsome face. This hole, thought Hector, it was so tight and hot and so damn wrong that it was just perfectly right. Brad's cock was hard again and he reached for it now and started to stroke it, matching stroke for stroke Hector's manic fucking. The pair were drenched in sweat and close to exhaustion as they pleasured each other.

'Oh yeah...oh yeah...I'm gettin close!' Hector cried out.

About damn time too, Brad thought as he concentrated on his own orgasm. He could feel his balls tingling as they drew up close and prepared to blow. Suddenly Hector groaned out loud as he savagely thrust one last time into Brad's asshole. His big brown balls erupted and blasted a thick jet of joy juice up Brad's chute.

The sound of Hector's release really got to Brad. It was so animal and passionate and it triggered his own blast off. His cock exploded in his hands, spewing his red hot jizz all over the place just as Hector yanked his cock out of Brad's ass.

The delivery man seemed very embarrassed now as he asked to use the bathroom to clean up. Brad thanked him for the hot fuck when he came out and asked him if he would be back that way again.

'You get another parcel and I'll deliver it.' Hector told him.

He gave Brad a quick wink and went on his way with his beautiful tight, fleshy butt bouncing along as he walked.

'One day, I'm going to get in there.' Brad promised himself as he watched the delivery man of his dreams walk away.

Copyright 2006 Daniel Blue