 "You've obviously discussed the other five paintings of the set in some detail," I remarked to my two clients. "Could you give me a rundown of what you have in mind to give me an idea of context."

"Okay, so the first is the beautiful composition of us kneeling face-to-face with our erections forming a heart-shape," Stephen told me, before laughing again at my misgivings about how trite that might look. "And in the second, I'm giving my new husband oral pleasure."

"You're sucking his cock?" I clarified.

"Very enthusiastically," he nodded.

Adam allowed himself a smug smile and then announced, "In the third, I show similar enthusiasm for licking my groom's sizable anus."

"Looking especially pink and moist," I nodded. That was going to be a very interesting piece to paint!

"The fourth painting is of our first consummation... it shows Adam's magnificent manhood entering me from behind," Stephen explained.

"Yes, we want that one to be spectacular," Adam cut in. "It's going to be a picture we look at often... two newly-married men enjoying the first joining of our bodies!"

Stephen grinned eagerly at the prospect and then said, "We have a lot of friends who'll be really interested to see us painted together at such a special moment."

"We want it to show that we're two men wedded together," Adam specified. "Not only symbolically in our vows but now physically in our anal union..."

"So lots of movement and thrusting... the two of us clinging onto each other in our ecstasy that we're now bonded as one..."

"I'll produce something really exceptional for you," I assured them. "I've got a pretty good idea about what you want and I think the key is the symmetry and spacing." 

I noticed that Adam was growing a very conspicuous hard-on at the prospect of penetrating his younger lover for the first time in wedlock. It was still quite droopy but in size terms it was already an easy match for his lover's organ. Of the pair of them, it was obvious that Adam was the one with the bull-dick and as it rose steadily upwards, it lengthened and thickened to leave Stephen's lagging as a distant runner-up.

"Oh... er... sorry," Adam smiled sheepishly when he saw me staring at the great appendage that was developing between his legs. "All this talk of our wedding night... of making love to my new husband... kind of gets a guy excited, you know...?"

"I can see why you asked me not to exaggerate your size... you're both already so well-endowed!"

"I knew you weren't entirely convinced by my claims... but yes... please do paint them very much as they are!"

"Even if I paint just them as they are, they'll probably look over-exaggerated! I've never seen a pair of cocks so big... not that I've seen many pairs of cocks, of course!"

"It's a gay thing," Stephen chuckled. "Pushing your dick up a guy's butt kind of cultivates it... there's something in the crud up there that gives it the nourishment to grow really long and thick!"

"Is that right?" I asked, wide-eyed with interest. "Maybe I should have had some fun on the ship, after all! I could have had a donger the size of my arm the number of chances I had!"

But then Stephen burst out laughing. "Michael, I'm just kidding you! We actually met on a dating website for well-hung guys!"

"Oh, I see," I chuckled. "Well, it's good you found you shared other interests as well."

I peered back at Adam's cock that was now standing a good ten or eleven inches high. Its shaft was broad and swollen, and an intricate spiderweb of veins coursed across its surface. The great plum head at the top was shiny and purple, and the deep slit cleaving its tip in two was oozing a thin stream of goo.

He grinned at me, clearly enjoying exhibiting his developing organ to a man who'd painted so many more modest ones. "I rather think you're looking forward to painting my rooster once it's fully woken..."

"Yes, I am," I smiled. "An endowment like yours will make an extremely dramatic centrepiece for one of my paintings!"

I pulled my eyes away from Adam's burgeoning enormity and went on "So I assume you want the fifth painting to show the second consummation...?"

"Yes, as well as our first orgasm together as husband and husband!" Stephen nodded eagerly. "I want you to paint Adam's fully engorged cock firing an arc of semen out in front him and the expression on my face making it clear that mine is being discharged up inside him."

"Yes, even if we don't actually cum together," Adam said, "we'd like you paint us as if we did."

"Of course," I nodded. "That's a fairly standard request. And the sixth painting?"

"Our first post-coital bliss on the threshold of our honeymoon," Adam instructed. "We'll be toasting our future with a couple of glasses of bubbly, relaxing together with our cocks softening between our legs. As I mentioned earlier, I'd like our gaping anuses to be visible in the painting, still dribbling with our outpourings of seed."

"Well, let's get back to the second of your paintings," I suggested, aware of the time and eager to get my remaining sketches drafted before it got too late. "How do you want yourselves to be positioned?"

"Do many other couples ask for a cock-sucking piece?" Stephen asked, sitting down on the edge of the leather sofa. "I don't want it to seem... you know... like I'm a tart..."

"How can you seem like a tart taking your husband's excitement in your mouth?" Adam soothed. "It will be a lovely moment and a lovely painting... it shows you wetting your betrothed's large glory so it can more easily slide up inside you."

"About half of my clients include an oral piece," I reassured Stephen. "Generally, it's the groom who wants the painting of his wife's supposed first taste of his erection... the bride in return gets something rather less explicitly staged."

"Okay, so how do you think it will work best?" Stephen wondered, as Adam stood alongside him with his spectacular hard-on pointing towards his face. "I mean, do I take just a few inches into my mouth or do you want me to take the whole thing so he's ball-deep against my chin?"

"I suggest that, since the point of the piece is to show you wetting your husband's cock to prepare it to penetrate your bottom, I paint you licking along the length of it to get it slick with your spit."

"So it's not actually a blowjob painting..." Stephen nodded. "It's more of a lube-job painting... I think I kind of prefer that..."

"Lube-job?"

"Yeah... I'm just lubricating his cock with my mouth and my spit."

Stephen shuffled across on the sofa so that his face was right in front of Adam's pulsating hard-on.

He muttered, "So what do you reckon... like this?"

He extended his tongue towards the big mushroom cap, licked the dribble off it and grinned broadly up at his lover. Then he chuckled and, no doubt referring to some private joke between them, muttered, "Big in size, big in taste... eh, Mr Cooper?!"

I started sketching Adam's cock, hoping I could do justice to its gorgeous extravagance. The great head at its tip was a stunning purple, its slick flesh bloated full and looking smooth and sumptuous. The thick girth behind it was solid and sturdy, and the throbbing blood vessels knotted right across its long length made it look still more imposing.

I could smell the sharp odour of the glistening helmet, teeming with Adam's pheromones and virility, and found to my surprise that I liked it greatly.

I wondered if I could somehow paint this man's large erection to suggest its strong, musky odour. I'd done it with a vagina once - the newly-married man who'd picked up the piece had laughed and said he could just about smell it - now I wondered if I could repeat the trick with this wonderfully aromatic cock.

Adam grinned at me. "I think you're rather enjoying sketching my arousal, aren't you, Michael?"

I smiled back at him. "I think I am!"

"I was worried you might need a bigger sketchpad!"

I chuckled. "You're not the first groom to use that joke but you're definitely the first for whom it could be true!"

Once I'd got the broad shape of the great phallus down, worrying that my paint was going to woefully diminish the sheer splendour of the original, I suggested to Stephen, "You need to get your spit all over it... make the head moist and gooey to show that it's ready for the main event!"

Stephen looked uncertain. "Maybe it would be better with the helmet still emerging from his foreskin... as if the groom's manhood is slowly being roused by my mouth..."

He yanked Adam's foreskin forwards, now unable to fully cover the huge mushroom head of the enormous cock, and then back again, unable to decide which would make the better composition.

He slid it forwards again, then back... forwards then back... until Adam stopped him, panting, "Honey, if you keep doing that I'm gonna blow my nut all over your face..."

Stephen guffawed. "Wouldn't be the first time!"

"I suggest that the foreskin is half-retracted," I interjected. "It shows that the cock is still in the process of being prepared and your tongue lapping at the head will make it clear that it's your mouth that's getting it so slick and wet."

"I'm going to love this painting so much!" Stephen grinned. "Can you show me smiling as I taste the lovely big sausage I've found stashed away in the front of my new husband's trousers! I want our friends to see how much I'm enjoying licking it!"

"I'll make you look very excited and eager," I nodded. "Now, would you mind having a little... er... dress rehearsal, as it were? I need Adam's cock to be wet with your spit so that I can sketch its surface looking slick..."

"No need to ask twice!" Stephen guffawed. "It'll be good to get some practice in!"

Adam laughed, "Like you need any practice at cock-sucking, Steve!"

Stephen reached up with both hands and cupped them around his lover's two big buttocks. Then he opened his mouth wide and leaned in to consume the massive hard-on that was curving upwards from Adam's tightly trimmed pubic bush. He sucked it roughly and hungrily, sweeping his mouth up and down its long, thick shaft and managing to take eight or nine inches of it down his well-trained throat.

Fuck me, I thought. If only my wife could give a blowjob even half as good as that!

Adam grabbed his fiancé's head and started bucking his hips in time with the mouth that was slurping so furiously on his cock.

"Aw yeah!" he called out, immersing himself fully in the sensation of having his huge man-meat so expertly consumed, driving it as hard as he could in and out of the face held firmly in front of him.

A bloke on one of the ships I'd been stationed had once offered me a 'flutie', as we'd called it back then, in exchange for my grog ration. I'd turned him down, thinking of the way an old girlfriend had reluctantly licked the head of my cock while mainly using her hand on the shaft. If it had occurred to me that men must suck other guys' cocks the way they like their own to be treated, I'd have traded a week of grog to have my cock sucked like this.

Stephen opened his jaw as wide as he could to let his larger partner slam his colossal shaft in and out of his mouth. He let go of a buttock and reached down to start wanking his own cock off.

He was actually enjoying having Adam's huge manhood pummelling his face! I marvelled at the idea, allowing myself a titillated smile, before realising that I too would probably enjoy the feel of having such a big cock gratifying itself inside my mouth, though whether I'd be compelled to masturbate would be another matter.

Adam turned to me with a snarl on his face and bellowed at surprising volume. "Aw yeah... watch me face-fuck him! Watch him drink down the jizz from my fuckin' big cock!"

"Er... that's enough, now, guys!" I felt it necessary to intervene. "I think you've got it wet enough!"

Stephen tried to pull off Adam's thick schlong but at first the bigger man wouldn't let him. His lover seemed determined to cum down his throat and it took him a few seconds, and several attempts at holding Stephen's face in place, before finally remembering where he was and released his fiancé from his grip.

Stephen fell forwards, gasping to recover his breath, and as his hand was pulled away from Adam's backside, the soon-to-be groom's rear hole let out a powerful fart. I realised that Stephen had pushed his finger up his partner's butt while he'd been fellating him.

"Oh... er... I'm really sorry about that, Michael," Adam muttered with sudden embarrassment. "Seems like we got a bit... er... carried away!"

"Well, at least I can be in no doubt about what anal masturbation is now," I chuckled, aware of a distinctly bummy smell wafting from Stephen's middle finger. I could see from the sticky stain down to the knuckle exactly how far up Adam's arse it had been.

"We get quite vocal during our sex," he explained. "It's just talk, you know... a bit crude but nothing serious?"

"I have no problem with sex talk," I replied, sketching the frothy trails of mucus that Stephen's mouth had left on the spit-soaked erection in front of me. "I was actually more worried you were about to climax. Remember we have four more paintings left to arrange."

"You don't need to worry about that," Adam laughed. "I mean, on the night itself we'll probably both orgasm two or three times. Stephen will definitely seed my butt and I'll definitely seed his, but I'm sure we'll cum a few times doing other things too..."

"Really?" I asked. In my experience grooms are often too drunk to manage even a single climax.

"Yeah, when we haven't had sex or masturbated for a few days, we can easily keep going for three or four hours..."

I finished off drawing Adam's cock which was now beginning a droop a little. I would enjoy painting the little bubbles of Stephen's spit glinting like tiny beads on its head and smeared along its shaft gathered around the intricate knots of his zigzagging veins.

"Before our wedding day, we've agreed to abstain completely for a week," Stephen announced. "We'll both be as horny as hell on the night, so two or three orgasms each should be the minimum to expect."

"Can you just turn towards the light a little..." I said, struggling to get the sheen of his helmet just right before it withered too much. "What sort of time do you think I'll be able to get to bed on your wedding night? It'd be nice if I could get at least a few hours' sleep before driving home next morning..."

They'd booked me a room in the hotel they were using for the reception, so once the last cock had shot the last load of the proceedings, I'd be able to turn in right away.

"We plan to leave the evening function at about midnight," Adam replied as I sketched the play of light across his bell-end.

"Yeah, we've bought two really cute waistcoats to wear for our first dance," Stephen chuckled. "Tight butt-hugging trousers and some gorgeous patent leather shoes..."

"Given half an hour or so to say our goodnights to family and friends," Adam went on, getting back to answering my question, "we should be on our wedding bed and going cock-to-cock together by about one in the morning."

"Well, I'll set my easel up for midnight and wait in your room for you to arrive. You really won't know I'm there... I'll be quiet as a mouse tucked away in a dark corner..."

Adam nodded and continued, "I'd expect our first consummation to be underway at two. The hotel will be quieting down by then and our guests will be returning to their bedrooms, so it will be nice for them to hear us cementing our wedding vows very boisterously as they turn in."

"And the second consummation?"

"Probably around four," Stephen shrugged. "We'll both climax during our first consummation, obviously, so after a little relaxation and plenty of champagne, we'll get back to our nuptials when we've both fully recovered."

"Most people will be asleep by then, but I expect one or two will stay up to hear the happy couple change places to make their matrimonial bond full and final."

"So the last clink of our champagne glasses should be at around five and you can head off to bed once you've sketched us covered in each other's seed."

I nodded, now even more worried about how much sleep I would get that night. Most couples are concluding their wedding nuptials by about two. It seemed likely that Stephen would still be banging away behind Adam's two big buttocks come first light.

"Okay, so onto the third painting," I said as brightly as I could, turning to a fresh page in my sketch pad. "As I remember it, after Stephen has orally pleasured you, you'll be licking his bottom, I believe."

"Well, as you just saw, he loves having my mouth around his cock," Stephen chuckled. "He'll probably cum down my throat, and then he'll turn around so I can rim him while I finish myself off with my hand..."

"Nice..."

"Like we said," Adam added, "we don't have a set itinerary we're going to follow, but that's the likely course of events."

"So then we'll have a little snuggle together," Stephen went on, "maybe a glass or two of bubbly. And then, yes, after that, my husband will prepare me to receive him by sticking his tongue up my tush."

"Actually, would you mind, Michael, if we call our rears our 'arses'?" Adam asked. "I mean, that's what we've got back there... a couple of very well-used arseholes!"

"Well, you know, I wasn't sure if you'd find the word 'arse' offensive... after all, for you guys they're your sexual organs. But if you're happy to call them your arseholes... well, like you say, that's what they are!"

Adam smiled. "Okay, so I've thought long and hard about the arse-licking piece and I think I've figured out exactly how I want it."

Stephen got up, turned around so that his back was to me, and then lifted his right leg to rest his foot on the sofa. Adam knelt down so that Stephen could present his bare bum in front of him, and then the older man grinned at me as if proud to have me see his face alongside his fiancé's big round bum cheeks.

"Bend over, Steve," he told his lover. "Let us see your pucker."

Stephen bent forwards, making his crack gape open and exposing, just above the tops of his thighs, his oval-shaped anus. It was large and pink, like a soft puffy hoop, and the hole in the middle of it kept blinking and squinting as if unable to believe that it was being observed by a stranger.

"Wow!" I exclaimed before bursting out with an involuntary laugh. "It's kind of nice in a way... sort of succulent... inviting..."

Stephen guffawed at that. "I bet you really do wish you'd taken your shipmates up on some of their offers!"

"Maybe I do," I admitted. "It's so much bigger than I expected... so much bigger than mine..."

"Well, yours doesn't take Adam's big cock up it!" Stephen laughed, before adding, "Or at least I hope it doesn't!"

"So that's what's made it so big and swollen... regular buggery?"

I saw Adam flinch and realised I'd made another faux pas.

"Oh, I'm sorry," I said. "I meant to say regular... er... joining... or however it was you described it..."

"Buggery is a very blunt word," Adam said. "I don't deny it's an accurate word... our sex does include what the dictionary would define as buggery. But calling it that makes it seem so crude and loveless..."

"It was the official naval word for it," I explained. "Lowly shipmen got by bumming each other on the sly. The higher-up officers engaged together in the much more respectable-sounding buggery in their private quarters."

"I think I'd have rather liked that!" Adam nodded thoughtfully. "Being a naval officer and enjoying a spot of buggery with my colleagues!"

"How about just calling it 'anal sex', Michael?" Stephen smiled back at me over his shoulder. "But to answer your question - yes, regularly receiving Adam's cock has made my butt-hole grow so big and swollen..."
