 I strolled through the local park, one warm April evening. It was just getting dark, and the path was clear in front of me. There was enough light for me to finish my circle and head for home. I usually jogged for exercise, or took a trip to the gym, and it showed. But I enjoyed a pleasant walk as well.

As I passed by a clump of trees, I heard a little cry. Hoping that nobody was in trouble, I turned off the path and peered past a large tree that stood at the edge of a clearing. I gave a start. There were two men half-hidden in the shadows, standing beside some bushes not ten feet away. They were both naked. One of them was bent over while the other was fucking him in the ass.

I watched, mesmerized, not moving. Although I was straight, I had been having a few fantasies about other men recently and had even watched a gay porn film with some friends, which had shocked me more than anything else. But this was real and I was more than a little curious. As I stood there, I could feel my cock stiffening beneath my trousers. Reaching down, I rubbed myself a little. What was the harm? As long as no-one saw me. 

I was now fully erect and my prick was aching to be released. Undoing my belt and trousers, I pushed them to the floor. My underwear followed, leaving my hard manmeat exposed to the air. I began to stroke himself as I watched the two men. One of them gave another little cry, then a moan. I could hear one of the men muttering and grunting, but couldn't make out the words. My hand moved swiftly up and down my cock now, and I closed my eyes, enjoying the sensations running through my body. I imagined that it was one of the men beating me off, and this turned me on even more. My heart was thumping in my chest, and I realised that it wouldn't be long before I shot my load.

Just then I heard a soft voice.

"Hey."

I startled and opened my eyes. One of the men was standing next to me, still naked.

"You want to join us?"

I felt unsure. The man put a hand on my waist and guided me towards the clearing. My dick stayed hard and my mind was made up. I followed him, looking around to see if there was anybody else watching us. I couldn't see anyone. We reached the second man who then knelt down and before I could protest, opened his mouth and closed it over the head of my 7 incher. I gasped. It felt so good to have another man sucking me off. He seemed to know exactly what to do, running his tongue all over the mushroom-shaped head and around the rim, before sliding his lips down my thick shaft. Meanwhile the first man moved behind me, and a few moments later I felt his tongue pushing between my asscheeks, seeking out my asshole. It flicked over my anus, sliding around the ring, before easing inside, beginning a delicious tongue fucking. This was also new to me, but I relaxed into it, enjoying the sensations that pulsed through my body as the two men tongued my cock and ass. Then the first man removed his tongue from me. The next thing I felt was something thicker nudging against my asshole; something warm, and slightly moist. It had to be his cock.

"I've never..." I began. But the first man silenced me.

"Just relax," he said softly. "You can take it."

With that I felt the head of his cock push into me. I moaned a little. Then the shaft inched its way past my sphincter. I gasped as it stretched my hole slightly. Finally he was all the way in and I felt his balls resting against my backside and his stomach against my back. Slowly he pulled out again, before sliding in once more. It was a little uncomfortable at first, but then I began to get used to these new sensations. The man began to fuck me in a steady rhythm.

"Unngh. Unngh. Unngh," he moaned. I had to admit that the noises he was making were turning me on further, and as I relaxed into the experience, I began to feel a delicious pleasure spreading through my ass. It felt so full up with warmth.

"Oooh yesss," I suddenly cried. The man fucking me quickened his pace, sloshing in and out of my now well loosened up backside. It was all so new to me, and so taboo, but this was heaven, being sucked and fucked at the same time by two men. 

I knew it wouldn't be long before I came and I began to thrust my hips back and forth, trying to cram more of my shaft into the mouth of the man sucking me. I felt the base of my cock begin to tighten, even as my ass was being screwed so well. And then I cried out as I came, shooting my liquid into his mouth. I could feel my anus contracting tightly around the manmeat that filled it. The man fucking me groaned at this. The guy sucking me continued to do so, and he didn't let a drop spill from his lips and swallowed it all down.

The guy behind me quickened his pace, and then I felt his rod stiffen inside me, before he shot his cum into my backside. I felt filled up with his warmth as his load sprayed into me, another new sensation which I found myself enjoying thoroughly. Slowly the man calmed down and slid his softening cock out of me. He whispered in my ear:

"Now it's my friend's turn."

The other man turned me around and bent me over. I felt his cockhead rubbing against my now damp asshole. The second man, who had only moments ago given me such an incredible sucking, slid in easily and began to fuck me.

"Unngh. Unnngh. Unnngh," he moaned.

It was only my second cock but already I was getting right into it, pushing my hips back at him to get more of his shaft into me.

"Lean right over. I'll be able to go deeper," said the man fucking me. I did as he said, and suddenly there was a cock presented to my face, semi-hard.

"See if you can get me hard again," said the man in front of me. "Open your mouth and suck my cock."

I hesitated for a moment, then opened my lips wide and the man slipped his dick past them. Instinctively I licked around the head as it went in, then allowed him to push his cockhead towards the back of my throat as I felt the shaft on my mouth. It was slightly soft, and warm, and my first taste was a good one. I could feel him thickening and lengthening as he began to push in and out.

"Aaaah. That's it. Suck me good. You're a good cocksucker."

All the while, I was enjoying being fucked in the ass, and I sucked first softly, then harder on the man who was filling up my mouth with his manmeat.

This was further than my wildest fantasies to date had gone: being fucked in the ass as I sucked a cock. I pushed back harder, moaning and groaning.

"Oh yeaahh, fuck me harder, that's it, fuck my ass. Fill me up," I cried. 

The man responded to me willingly, thrusting his hips back and forth even faster. Then suddenly he cried out and I felt his load shooting into me, my second of the night. His cock pulsed and jerked inside my ass, as I continued to push my hips back at him. The man fucking my mouth grabbed my head firmly in both hands and then he too came in me, spurt after spurt of warm liquid fuckjuice filling the back of my throat.

"Aaaaaah. That's it. Take all my cum in you. Swallow it down, man."

I had to swallow in order to breathe, and I gulped down his slightly salty load. It wasn't bad at all.

As the two men calmed down, they both slipped their members out of me. We were all exhausted and breathing heavily and we collapsed onto the ground together.

When I had got my breath back, I turned to one of the men.

"That was my first time," I said.

"You're a natural," said the man. "You seemed to enjoy being fucked in the ass, and sucking cock."

"It was strange at first, but I got into it. When I saw you together, I think my hard dick made up my mind for me."

The man laughed.

"By the way I'm Matt, and this is Jason." He gestured to the other man. "We should get together again some time. It gets better with practice. Hmmm. I'd love to suck your cock."

I didn't want to get caught out in the park, so after we had swapped numbers, I pulled together my clothes and walked home, my mind filled with all sorts of new fantasies that I intended to explore. I had opened up a whole new world.