 PART 2 - INDUCTION

You look up at me and clear your throat, "Yes Sir, I would very much like to take up the position as your PA, Sir."

"Very good Gary, now I suggest you go through to my washroom and tidy yourself up." You quickly rise from my desk retrieve your suit and head for the washroom.

I am on the phone when you return, I gesture you to take a seat as I finish up my call. "Right Gary, when can you start? 

You reply, "as soon as you require Sir,"

"Good well in that case today is Thursday, How about Monday? Although I will require you to take care of some matters tomorrow, would that be okay with you?"

"Yes Sir, may I ask what these matters are?" 

"Well first thing tomorrow you will present yourself at my tailors where they will fit you for some new suits, from there I will arrange for your medical, where you will comply with all the tests and procedures I require you to have, is that agreeable to you?"

"Yes Sir, may I ask what the medical tests and procedures will entail?"

"I require you to have a normal health check including blood tests to ensure that you are free of any infections, you will also be required to have your body hair removed from your cock, balls, ass and legs, you will be required to keep these areas free of hair as long as you are in my employ is that understood? "

Yes Sir," you respond, "I understand Sir." 

"Good then I will see you here at 10 o'clock Monday, oh and you will need these as well, "as I retrieve a set of keys from my drawer pushing them across the desk, "your apartment is on the floor below number 5."

"Thank you very much Sir," as you rise and leave my office.

Monday

"Good morning Gary," I greet you as you enter my office, "you know Bruce from my tailors," I indicate the man sitting at my desk. Rising from his seat Bruce offers you his hand, shaking hands, he asks you to remove your suit, you look at me, startled, I nod my head your face reddens as you start to remove your suit, standing at attention in your shirt and underwear.

"Everything Gary" I tell you, to which you obey, standing naked in front of my desk, you try and cover your crotch with your hands. 

Rising from my chair, "hands at your side Gary," I move around my desk to stand in front of you. Reaching down I grasp your flaccid cock and begin to inspect your cock and balls, commenting on how good your now hairless body is, running my other hand over your thighs your skin feels silky smooth. "Very good Gary, how does it feel? 

"Strange but very nice Sir" you reply. 

"Good, Bruce can you fit the Cb please, watching your eyes, you look at the object in Bruce's hand as he approaches you, you look at me fear in your eyes. 

I smile, "don't worry It doesn't hurt and will ensure that you behave yourself as I will be the only person with a key, so you will only be allowed to gain an erection when I decree is that clear Gary? 

Stuttering quietly, you respond, "Yes Sir." 

Bruce quickly attaches the shiny steel device to your cock, hands me the key and steps back, pocketing the key I reach out and feel the coldness of the steel surrounding your cock, using a finger I gently caress your balls seeing your cock harden slightly in your steel cage releasing you I step back.

"That really suits you Gary, I like the way it curves naturally, and it's going to give you a nice bulge in your trousers. Now please lean against my desk and spread your legs." 

You obey instantly"

"Bruce can I have the plug please," as I gently begin to fondle your bare ass. I slip a finger into your crack, reaching your puckered hole I start to gently massage it. 

"Some lube please Bruce, he is very dry," taking the lube I slowly massage the cold gel into your hole.

"Relax Boi!" as I begin to enter your hole with my finger, I start to stretch your hole wider, feeling your sphincter relax, your hole slowly responds to my fingering.

"Can you lube up the plug please Bruce," Handing it me once it is covered in the clear lube. I begin to insert it into your hole.

"You are required to wear this at all times, as you need to be ready for me at all times, the plug has a remote control that will be in my possession so I can keep you in a state of readiness, I can also access it via my Smartphone," manipulating the plug it fits in you perfectly, Bruce's hands me a hand towel, cleaning my hands of lube, I then clean around the plug ensuring no residue of lube is left on it or your ass. 

How does that feel Gary? "

Very strange Sir,"

"Will you be able to insert it yourself? 

Yes Sir, There shouldn't be a problem," you respond. 

"Okay you can stand up now." 

Turning to Bruce, "Can we get him dressed now please?" 

"Right Gary," I begin, "when you are on company business you will dress as you are being clothed at the moment, you will be provided by Bruce sufficient amounts of each garment, should you require more you will let me know and Bruce will organise replacements for you, any variations by you will not be allowed and will incur my displeasure do you understand." 

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir,"

Bruce then hands you a pair of black long silk sheer socks, slipping these on you are handed a pair of black silk boxers. 

"I inform you that these have openings to the front and rear allowing for ease of access."

Smiling you continue to dress, white Cotton Double cuff, shirt Pink and Black striped silk tie, Black pinstriped suit trousers, matching pink and black button down braces.

Watching you dress, I inform you, "There is a secret zip at the rear of your trousers invisible to see but allowing access to your rear if necessary" 

Handing you a matching waistcoat Bruce places your feet into a pair of highly polished near patent leather pointed toe brogues shoes. 

"Bruce, your tailoring is superb as usual, I do like the hot pink silk used for the back of the waistcoat and lining of the suit jacket." 

"Thank you Sir, We aim to please," Bruce replied as he fussed around you, inserting silver cufflinks to your shirt, adjusting your jacket, before inserting a pink silk pocket square in your top pocket. 

Stepping back from you "Yes Bruce, you have certainly surpassed yourself this time, well done. Now if you will be so kind as to take the rest of Gary's clothes to his apartment. 

"Of course Sir," he responds, "it has been a pleasure to have been of assistance to you." 

Reaching forward to Bruce I place my lips on his and kiss him, he responds our mouths opening we kiss deeply before I break apart, slipping a hand onto his crotch I feel his hardness, looking at Bruce I smile.

"Mmmm nice and hard there Brucie." he smiles, I look at you. "I think that you might want to thank Bruce properly, don't you?" 

You look at me startled. 

"On your knees boi!" I snap at you, you quickly respond, undoing the zip to Bruce's trousers I pull out his semi hard cock, pulling him forward towards you with his cock.

"Now thank him properly, you grasp hold of his ever enlarging cock and start to work on it with your mouth and tongue watching it grow to its full size you tease it licking around the shaft, you catch his pre cum as it starts to flow from the engorged head, you appear to enjoy the taste, you quickly engulf the head as you slowly start to swallow his length, taking him all the way down, burying your face in his trousers. Bruce moves his hands to your head holding you in place as you continue to pleasure his shaft with your tongue and mouth.

Sitting down on my desk I readjust my growing bulge, before picking up the remote control for your butt plug. Switching it on I move the button to give you a sharp vibration, your body instantly twitches, and you move your legs apart further, Bruce seeing what I am doing stats to pull your head up his cock, before pushing it back down fucking your mouth, he quickly increases this movement as he pumps your mouth hard gripping your head he yells out oh fuck I'm cumming before stopping and just holding your head still as he pumps his spunk into you I see you swallowing quickly time after time as Bruce empties his spunk into you. 

Eventually he pulls you off his cock, although you greedily follow it as you seek to clean his shaft of all traces of his spunk, once it is clean you move backwards and lower your head. 

I offer Bruce the use of the washroom, as I turn to you still on your knees but standing erect head bowed hands at your side. 

"Well Gary, you are certainly a very proficient cocksucker." 

"Thank you Sir," you mumble.

"I am also very pleased with your demeanour it is very satisfying to see. I hope this continues." 

"It will Sir," you respond. 

"Now please get up and use the washroom."

"Yes Sir."

You pass Bruce on the way, who pats you on the butt and thanks you for your efforts. 

Helping Bruce with the suit carriers and bags to the door. "Julie, my secretary, will help you and show you the way to Gary's apartment."

"Thank you again Sir,"

Returning to my desk, as you renter the office I tell you to sit down on the leather couch, retrieving some files from my desk I join you on the couch, I go through some of the files with you giving you instructions as to what is required. Finishing up I suggest that I take you for a tour of the building and to show you your new office, making our way out I inform Julie my Secretary of my plans and that we will probably go out for lunch, so if needed to contact me by phone. 

Showing you into your office, I take the opportunity of slipping my hand onto your butt, you respond by pushing your butt backwards. 

"You have a wonderful butt Gary," I comment. 

Turning to face me, you reply "thank you Sir, I'm glad you approve of it Sir." 

"Oh I certainly do Gary and I am looking forward to getting better aquainted with it," as I give your ass another fondle, showing you around your office I indicate the door which links my office to yours and also the other door which is for your washroom, 

"I suggest to you that although your apartment is only on the floor below that you keep an assortment of clean clothes here as you may need to change at short notice." 

"Yes Sir, I will do as you suggest,"

Turning to your desk I pick up a phone, handing it to you, "Now you are to be available 24/7 and you must keep this with you at all times. Now let me show you the rest of the building."

Ending our tour in the basement garage I show you the companies cars that are available for your use when required, moving through the garage I show you where my cars are parked I remove my jacket as I open the door to the BMW X6M gesturing for you to get in as well, I notice that you also remove your jacket and like me hang it up in the rear. 

Settling in we set off out into the city during our drive I point out various business and sites that you should acquaint yourself with, you are very inquisitive asking questions about each business, during this I slip my hand onto your thigh gently moving it towards your caged cock you squirm slightly in your seat. 

"Everything all right I enquire,"

"Yes Sir, I'm just getting used to the confinement." 

"Good lad," I respond, there will be times when you may use your initiative in pleasuring me, do you understand?" 

"Oh yes Sir, Thank you Sir," as you slip a hand onto my thigh slowly moving it closer to my groin, feeling my hard cock you start to rub gently up and down it.

"Don't go too far this now, but that is very pleasurable Gary." 

"Thank you Sir."

"Anyway we are here," as I turn down a tree lined private drive. "This is a private club so you will be on your best behaviour." 

"Of Course Sir, I will try not to embarrass you."

We stop at the main entrance, stepping out we are met by a young man, dressed in black trousers waist coat white shirt and bow tie, handing him the keys I like you recover my jacket before entering the large Mansion House, I approach the front desk, where I'm greeted by a similarly clad young man who smiles and informs me that my table is ready for me. Following him I gently place my hand on your butt fondling your cheeks as we walk down the ornate corridor to the large double wooden doors at the end which open as we arrive at them, winding through the diners and tables we are shown to our table, seating us we are handed menus and informed that our waiter will be with us shortly. 

I notice you looking around, anticipating your question, I inform you that it is a private men's club, you nod in acceptance, our waiter arrives and I suggest to you that we only have a light lunch as we have more to do, you agree and the waiter retires.

Finishing our main course as the waiter clears the plates I inform him that we will take coffee in the rear lounge. Replacing our plates he asks us to follow him moving towards a single wooden door he opens it and ushers us through, walking down the narrow corridor the door in front is opened by another waiter who greets us, closes the door behind us and ushers us through some large velvet curtains into the lounge area. 

I look at you as you take in the sight before, the room is set out with leather couches and chairs there are about a dozen suit clad men in pairs talking intently but what I think has caught your eyes are the numerous young waiters who look fantastic in their white collars and cuffs, bow ties, cummerbunds long black sheer socks and patent leather loafers. 

"Not what you were expecting Gary?" I enquire smiling at you. 

"No Sir," you respond, 

I sit down onto leather couch indicating for you to sit beside me. A rather well endowed young waiter appears and takes our order. 

Allowing us time to take in the various scenes in the lounge, slipping my hand onto your crotch I feel you twitching in your cage. 

"Are you enjoying yourself?" 

"I can't believe this Sir it's amazing, it is truly unbelievable." 

"This is a very private and exclusive club and that this, is only a small part of the club." Just then our waiter returns with our order, placing our coffees on the table beside us I take the opportunity to fondle his butt finishing serving us he stands and with my hand still fondling his butt enquires if we would require anything else. 

Smiling at him, I then look at you, "would you like a taste Gary"? 

You look at me your face reddening as I reach out for the waiters semi hard cock, grasping it I offer it up to you, the waiter leans in to you as you open your mouth your tongue snakes out and begins to lick his helmet swirling around the tip before slowly taking him into your mouth, you work your magic on him and soon have him gasping in pleasure, I help you along playing with his ass and balls as he quickly builds up to cumming in your mouth, again you don't miss a drop, cleaning him up as you release him. He thanks you for your service and offers you a cloth to clean your face. 

Returning his cloth you sit back look at me shake your head in disbelief, I laugh fondle your cage and tell you to relax and enjoy. 

"I am Sir, but this is so much more than I could ever dream of." 

"Well Gary this is only the beginning, I'm sure you will soon get into the swing of things. Now I need to go and speak to someone, just relax and enjoy your coffee and the ambience, I shouldn't be long."

Rising from the couch I moved through the lounge till I reached the bar where an old friend of mine was perched on a stool, sitting down beside him.

During my conversation I glanced over to check on you, you had been approached by another member, I apologised to my friend, saying that I needed to rescue you. 

Returning to our couch where you were in deep conversation with this other member, on my arrival he looked up at me, 

"Ah Alex I was just chatting to your new, is it PA?" 

"And what would that be Mike,"? I asked. 

"Oh, that just how I enjoyed his little show with the waiter,"

"Yes, I responded, and you would be trying it on with him is that right? 

Blushing he quickly stood up mumbled his apologies and disappeared through the lounge.

"I'm sorry Sir, have I done something wrong? Smiling at you as I sit down, I pat you on the thigh.

"No it's no problem Gary, you weren't to know what an asshole he is, he preys on anybody new here, I shouldn't have left you alone, for future reference though, please have nothing to do with him, and should he try anything on with you I want to know about it, is that understood.? 

"Of course Sir." 

"Right I think it's time we return to the office," as I rise from the couch.

Back at the office, we get down to some work , however later on feeling the need for some relief I try out the remote butt plug on you, switching it on I start the vibe programme on it, slowly at first before increasing it to the midpoint on the gauge. 

Suddenly our adjoining door burst open and you walk into my office. 

Yes Sir what is it," you blurt out. 

Glaring at you, I yell at you, "What the hell do you think you are doing Boi? Marching into my office like that, you never come into this office like that again, do you understand Boi!? 

"Yes Sir," you mumble, I was only responding to your use of my plug sir I ... 

Cutting you off, "When I want you, I will call for you, the plug is for my pleasure to use when and where I want, and I had not called for you." I snarled at you. 

"I am very sorry Sir I will endeavour to remember." 

"You had better boi! Now come here, stand in front of my desk, and stop fidgeting Boi. 

You quickly obey me, I check the app for the plug and reduce the vibe slightly, and you visibly relax. 

"Right boi strip!!" I yell at you, you quickly start to remove your clothes carefully hanging them on the nearby chair.

"Leave on your socks and shoes Boi," 

"Yes Sir." as you finish removing you boxers.

"Now kneel down hands by your side and bow your head and do not speak another word till I tell you to understood Boi?"

You nod your head in agreement before assuming the position. 

I return to the work in front off me, making a couple of phone calls I continue with my normal routine, leaving you naked and kneeling in front of my desk. Every now and then I play with the plug app switching it from vibe to thrust, seeing you twitch amuses me greatly, but what does please me more is your discipline in maintaining your subservient position.

Suddenly the intercom on my desk bursts into life, my secretaries' voice announcing that Ms Crawford is on her way into my office, rising from my desk I walk across the office just as the door bursts open and Susan Crawford bursts into the office, stopping her in her tracks I greet her. 

"Susan what a surprise, I wasn't aware we had a meeting today," trying to draw her attention away from you kneeling on the floor, however brushing past me she walks around you, before stopping in front of you. 

"Do we have some discipline issues Alex?" 

Laughing, "Yes, just slightly," as I walk towards her taking her arm and giving her a quick peck on the cheek. 

"So what can I do for you Susan?" 

"Well, darling" she replies, "I was in town, got bored, so I thought I would drop by in the hope that you were in, you see I could really do with some of your attention, Darling." 

Dropping her handbag on my desk she brushes her hand slowly across my cheek, moving into kiss me gently on the lips, her other hand slips down my chest stopping only when she reaches the front of my trousers, feeling my semi hard cock she begins to rub me through my trousers, feeling me grow. 

"It looks like I caught you just in time darling, so do tell me who this specimen is? As she points a black stiletto shoe in your direction.

"He happens to be my new PA, he only started today, and unfortunately he has managed to annoy me already, with his behaviour." Slipping an arm around Jane's waist. 

What do you think I should do with him?" I ask her. 
