 'Word' / words enclosed by apostrophes = thoughts

"Word"/ words enclosed by quotation marks = spoken words

***

'She said to meet her down here..,' I think to myself in the summer heat as the parade starts trickling down Christopher street. It's the pride parade; my girlfriend is bi so she dances on a float every year. No problem with that, she is who she is and I love her for it. I just wish there was an easier spot to meet up afterwards — the end of the parade route is always the most congested of places — it's damn near impossible to cut through the hordes of people.

But if I have to wait, I may as well have a good view — using a lamppost for leverage, I have just that. Toes hooked on the cement riser, I'm a head and shoulder above the crowd; it's not a bad place to be, it's just an obvious one. Everyone can see me. 

'Hopefully Teresa will be able to see me from here; finding each other afterwards is always a bitch.'

"Nice kilt!," many people yell at me in passing; others yell out over the music and cheers, "I like your style!"

I just yell back "thank you" at the top of my lungs with a smile — I can take a compliment, even when more than a couple people yell that they'd like to get up under my kilt.

Them though, I just laugh them off. I applaud their confidence, but I'm just not into it. I'm a 6'2" white guy with a short cropped beard and buzzed head wearing all black. I don't think I'm traditionally handsome but I suppose I'm something to look at. I mean, my girlfriend likes me despite the fact that she usually goes for women. If I wasn't attractive at all, I doubt I'd have a chance with her.

But among those aforementioned aggressors, there's one guy in particular, one more bold in his flirtation. Older, bald, naturally tan, he's taller than most of the crowd around him. I mention him because he hasn't stopped looking my way since arriving — now I'm not a shy man but enough staring and my ears are burning so I shoot him a look from my place on high and he just smiles and mouths "you're hot."

I just nod, mouth "thanks," and look back to the parade thinking that's the end of it —a marching band is pacing on by, the streets shaking from their drum line.

"We should step away" tan and bald yells, much closer now. His hand on the back of my calf. 

"I'm good here. Thanks for the compliment," I return over the noise.

"I can give you more than a compliment " he yells back and smirks, his hand is still in place.

"I'm taken" I yell and reach down to swat his hand off my leg. With that, I turn my eyes back to the parade. Rather, I keep my eyes to the parade until he sidles closer, snaking his arm back up my leg and vanishing under my kilt. Anyone at a distance can't see and anyone closer just assumes we know each other. Besides, it's too loud to eavesdrop. As his fingers graze past my balls, a nervous shudder grips my chest. 

'What the actual fuck?!,' I furiously question.

"Still have a girlfriend?," he mouths up at me, wrapped around my leg.

"YES."

"If..." he teases me, his fingers slow dancing along my taint, he adds "You..."

Millimeter by millimeter, he creeps along.

"Say..."

His finger glides to my asshole and presses at the rim. Uncertain what to do, I merely grapple the post all the tighter — I'm dizzied.

"So..."

He holds it there, applying just the slightest of pressure while everyone else cheers at the floats blasting glitter. Normally I'd beat the person that tries to sexually harass me — I tend not to take shit from anyone but something about him is jarring, undoing. He shrugs with a knowing smile and slowly undoes himself from me, easing his way back into the crowd.

'Ignore him,' I try to convince myself.

I just watch as more groups march by, as more floats drive slowly while blasting bass.

My ears are still burning though, like I know he's watching me.

And thinking about his finger on my asshole only makes it quiver.

'WHY?!'

Daring, I chance a glance back at him — he's parked himself at the back of the crowd so he can lean against a brick wall, so he can watch me. At my glare. he calmly looks away, pretending to not care, pretending he didn't just have a hand up my kilt.

I'm getting a little nervous now, the thought 'where is she? I thought she'd be here by now' moves through my head. 'She's nowhere in sight' whispers through my body. But do I want her to parade faster?..or am I trying to justify something?

This is all so...

Unsure of what I'm doing, I climb down into the crowd and ease through the throngs of people pouring in. Avoiding elbows and flailing limbs, I struggle to the back, to Mr. Tall, tan, and bald. 

'Don'tdoitdontdoitdontdoit' screams my insides like the brakes of a train but something still is urging me forward. Weirder still, the only words I can muster through my drying mouth are "where" when I finally reach him.

He casts me a glance, lazily tugging his eyes from the festivities. "Right. Up. Stairs." He stresses — every pause a powerful flirt in its own right. He looks to me, his smooth face unflinching as his eyes hold me still; he reads my every move as he awaits my answer. 

My mouth goes desert dry, I'm riddled with anxiety — I glance around for anyone that might know me, for Teresa's float, but no one is looking our way now. All are focused on each other or the parade.

"Yes" I hesitantly mouth and he smiles. 

He goes to unlock the building door and turning around for me, he reaches down and wraps his fingers around my confused cock through the tenting fabric of the kilt. With little tugs, he guides me inside and no one is the wiser as the door shuts behind us. No words now, he leads me up the staircase and to the first door on the right. Every step just sends my heart racing...surely he feels my pulse through my cock.

'What the hell am I doing?!'

Without releasing me, convinced I may flee like a startled deer, he opens the door with his free hand and pulls me inside. Not bothering to give me the tour, he tows me through the kitchen and straight to his bedroom. It's almost as loud near his bed as it was outside. He steps to me and with his lips raking my ear, he whispers "I want you..to stand in front of the window.."

My heart sinks as the lone concern 'what if Teresa looks up, what if someone sees you?!' fires through my head.

Anticipating my doubts, he demands, "Your clothes stay on " and rotates me forcefully toward the window. Chest and face pressed up against the glass, his hands roam down my backside and with swift hands, he hikes the back end of my kilt up, exposing my bare ass.

"I'm glad you dressed like this — mmm, you're almost ready for me..."

My cock perks up at his words

I hear him undoing his belt and dropping his pants to the floor; he kicks them out of the way and into the corner. I hazard a look backwards but he grabs my face and forces it forward, telling me "Ahh, no, eyes on the parade."

A bottle wheezes as he spurts lube into his hand — I'm frozen in place, eyes darting over the crowd below — with an expert touch, he glides his palm between my cheeks and massages the cool gel into my hole, his fingers dancing around the rim. My breath goes shaky, little lightning bolts are shooting through me, and I shudder again. My periphery catches him struggling with a condom wrapper — the wrapper stretched instead of tearing — but he gets his way, getting to the lubed ring inside. Sliding it over his tip and rolling it down, he breathes in my ear "relaaaax"

His cock head knocks at the doors, pressing against the threshold; wincing in pain, I hiss out "oww-ahhh" as the crowd explodes with cheers.

"Push out" he advises and I start to shove my ass towards him but he holds me firm against the window and elaborates, remarking "like you need to...evacuate..."

'Like I need to?..oh. OH.'

I shouldn't but I do — I use my pelvic muscles to try to force him out, only he does the opposite and instead slides in a few inches with relative ease. Well, easy for him — I'm still caught in a silent cry as my eyes bulge. It feels like he's punching a hole through me. But he presses his weight against me, keeping himself partially buried in my ass and holds still. 

"You're doing so great. God you're sooo beautiful with my cock inside you. Ohhhh," he breathes out as his cock throbs, pressing against my insides.

"Just beautiful. I can't wait to own you."

I finally audibly moan and a breathy gasp escapes me.

He eases back and gyrates his hips slowly, persuading my hole to be more pliable.

Ease in.

Pull back.

Penetrate.

Retreat.

It feels like an eternity of him jerking himself off with my ass but then he dares to push a bit farther in and shockingly, it actually feels like my insides are getting slicker. The lube aside, it feels like my asshole is getting wet at the stimulation. The pain is ebbing, it doesn't quite hurt as badly — he's reads my breathing and eases a bit more of himself inside.

"Look at the float — that giant cock shooting confetti..."

Forcing my eyes open, I look down and he's right, there's an enormous purple cock just blasting confetti at the crowds of people below.

"Inspiring, right?" He breathes hoarsely in my ear - he's tired of waiting, tired of being patient - he forces himself the rest of the way inside me as my knees buckle and my grip nearly cracks the wooden window frame. My inner walls clench down in shock and my body shakes as my spine shivers. But through it all, my asshole sucks him in.

Another silent gasp.

More cheers from below.

He pulls back and hip thrusts again, driving himself back inside my hole. Every slam is marked by his heavy balls slapping against my lower cheeks, every thrust met with quivering. He takes that as an invitation to drive deeper, to truly fuck, to fill me up with every inch of himself. As he pummels my guts, I moan "ohhHHheh gah-ahh-ahhd. oh godddd," as pain turns mixes with pleasure, every motion banging me against the window.

Were it not so loud outside, likely everyone would hear and look up

"I told you. That it was. inspiring" he huffs out as he pounds away; my hole stretches to accommodate his hefty cock. Every hump just sends more blood rushing to his aid, he's swelling!

"Ohhhhmmmm ughhhh ahhhh," I whimper as I try to meet him halfway, even if my knees are uncooperative.

The crowd cheers and more heavy bass rolls by — my eyes flicker open as he fucks away at my ass — Teresa's float is pulling by, her and her friends are dancing wildly, enthusiastically even though she's likely burned out from dancing for 3 hours straight. 

"Ter-teres—resaaaa," I stutter out as he slams himself all the way in and holds; taking the chance to peer over my shoulder, his hot breath on my neck even as I'm fucked breathless, he asks "Your girlfriend?"

"Y-heh-heh-ess " I struggle out 

"Which one? They're all so cute."

"The ..the brunette in the ..in the purple sequin top," I answer; I'm finding it difficult to focus.

Gyrating his hips to the beat of Teresa's float music, he toys with my insides and croons "ooh, she's really cute. I'm gonna have to make sure you remember me the next time you two are...intimate."

Panic grips me, I worry he intends to contact her, to inform her of what I've done but he whispers "relax." He can read me well with his cock buried in me. Then in a sudden switch, perhaps motivated by Teresa's appearance and my sudden reservations, he pulls out, spins me and throws me to the bed — my kilt flips up and he dives, sweeping my legs up over his shoulders and lining himself up with my tender hole. But he takes his time; he pulls my boots and socks off, tossing them to the floor with heavy thuds. Forcing the kilt down against me so I can see, he brandishes his cock in hand and tells me "this is 9 inches of uncircumcised meat - when you're fucking her pussy, remember how I fucked yours."

'Mine? Pussy? I Don't...what? a,' I ponder with my legs up and over his shoulders, but he takes that moment to force his length of thickness in; my asshole eagerly swallowing it whole and I know now what he means.

"Aghhh-ahh my-ahh puh-pussy?!"

"Yes, beautiful " he huffs in my ear as he leans in, folding me. A breath away, his face looms over mine and he pounds away at my pussy with passionate thrusts.

"Open your eyes"

I do.

"Your pussy is sooo tight," he moans and bites his lip.

"You're so-Oh big," I huff out as I go dizzy.

"And feels...so...," he huffs in kind, "amazing."

"Yeh-hesss," I whimper.

It's surprising, it's the first time I'm realizing it but my cock is rock hard between us and my balls are tight. It hasn't been played with since he drew me in but here I am, leaking precum; I'm almost ready to blow.

Seeing what I'm seeing, he grabs a sheet corner and throws it over my chest; he predicts the eminent eruption as my precum smears against his bare stomach.

Then he takes me by surprise — he dives down, smashing his lips against mine, groaning into my mouth as I moan into his. Reaching down between my legs on an out-stroke, he pulls out, rips the condom off and whispers into my mouth "I need to make you mine." 

Caught up in the moment, eyes opening and locked in a heated stare, I reply "please."

'What the hell am I doing?! I don't know this guy — he could stds, fuck he could be...' I question to myself but those thoughts die as soon as he glides back inside me, returning his sword to my sheath. It feels more slick, his cock head rubbing at every inch of my hungry insides. I feel his every ridge as he burrows into me and throwing his lips to mine again, our tongues explore one another as the crowd outside in the streets cheers on.

His breathing staggers as he pumps and bucks at my ass, my asspussy swallowing his every inch — his leg twitches, he's getting close.

Slick with sweat, my body spasms as I spurt; the air is forced from my lungs — it feels like it won't stop and I just keep feeling shake after shake as a rope of cum spurts out of me. My pussy grips hard at his cock but leaning back, he scoops some of my cum off his chest, he pulls out and fingers my cum into my asshole. Without a moments hesitation, he plows back into me, fucking my essence back into me. Inexplicably not softening, this is all too hot, my cock twitches again and spits more cum between us. 

"Ohhhmmmmaaahhhh-haaa-gaaaah-ah-ah," I cry.

My hole clenches down and it's his turn to shudder in pleasure; beads of sweat drop from his brow as he swells inside me. Reaching up, I pull his face to mine and lock lips as he paints my insides white; every twitch and quake of his cock sends me reeling, whimpering into his lips as the crowd outside erupts into applause and cheers like they're all about us. They're cheering for our show. With that exterior outcry from the parade, and never separating our lips, we smile into each other at the amusing timing. Our kisses going tender, he lowers his weight down on me and humps at my pussy softly. Readjusting my legs and wrapping them around his hips, we lie glistening with sweat and cum. Breathe teases my insides all the more. With every slow stroke, his cock head dredges the mix of cum from my pussy and it dribbles out as he glides to and fro.

The warmth of his body crushing mine, the dampness of our forms mashing together, him deep inside of me - I'm in ecstasy. I can hardly breathe, all I can manage are short gasps.

My phone vibrates in my kilt pocket, there's only one person who would likely be texting me now and she's somewhere outside. The feelings of regret and guilt start twisting my guts as the endorphin high switches to tinges of worrisome adrenaline. I start to whisper "Oh..oh no..what haaa-ave I done...oh TereeEEEE," but he bucks again and my insides squirm with pleasure. 

"Don't think like that," he demands while caressing the side of my face with his nonsupporting hand — still between my legs, even with his cock softening, he gyrates into me. Pushing thick rope, he still feels amazing.

And with a whimper, leaning into his hand, thick legs wrapped around his waist, I pull him deeper.

"There we go," he croons, "ignore that text a little longer."

Getting my thoughts in order, even dizzied as I am by the fucking, I question "but.. aren't you going soft?" I don't mean it as an insult, just a question of biology but through a smirk, he breathes "with a pussy ass like this? Not a chance." With a knowing smile, he adds "besides..."

"Besides?"

He picks himself up off me, grapples my ankles and hoists them high for leverage. At that, he comments "just a moment..."

I hold still, keeping my legs in the air as he releases one ankle and furiously strokes life back into his cock. Gripping at it tightly, his cock head going deep red, he levels himself with my hole. Plunging in and grabbing again my ankle, he continues with that same knowing smile "besides, I still want to know what your mouth feels like."

My eyes go wide in concern — I've never sucked a dick before. Then again, before this afternoon, I'd never been split apart either.

"Yeah, I see you thinking about it," he smirks as he pounds away at my ass — his balls slap at my cheeks with every thrust and even still, the parade marches on outside.

Again, my phone buzzes.

"Ignore," he urges and picks up the pace. In quick bursts, he slams into me like a jackhammer; my insides quake and my asscheeks clap against his heavy balls.

'I was wrong,' I think to myself as I'm fucked into disoriented shock, 'this...this is..ecstasy.'

Just as I'm wrapping my head around that realization, he pulls out, my pussy going empty, and he breathes out "I'll be right back." With that, he climbs off the bed and wobbles to the bathroom. My phone buzzes again but I just stare at the ceiling fan slowly rotating.

From the bathroom, he calls out "take everything off!"

Again the phone buzzes loudly.

"Fuck," I whisper to myself and pulling the now-stained sheet back, I undo my heavy belt and shimmy out of my clothing. Lying naked, the gentle breeze of the ceiling fan cooling me down, my pussy still throbs in excitement, in pleasure.

"My pussy," I remark lackluster, now that his cock isn't in me, now that I'm not drowning in endorphins, now that he isn't furiously slamming against my inner trigger, I'm incredulous. Rolling onto my side, I reach behind and with a probing finger, a gentle touch, I finger myself. Little lightning bolts my insides as I do, the nerves are still tender, ready to fire. 

"Ahh..my-heh pussy," I breathe and close my eyes, growing more convinced as I toy with my hole — even as fucked as it had been, it eagerly accepts my digit. Again the phone buzzes but I've since stopped paying attention to it; with steady breathy gasps, I play with myself — so enraptured, I don't hear him approach.

"That's right, baby, tease it," he chuckles out as he climbs back into bed — he sidles over me and sits at the headboard with his back propped up against it. Legs spread, his cock stands at the attention. "Now, I present to you...," he quirks his brows as he glides a hand over his meaty but smooth cock and balls. "But, I have a request..." he adds as I crawl over to face his thickness, "stay on your side, keep fingering yourself."

Cheeks blushing, dizzy with arousal, I look at him in confusion.

"I'll feed you," he elaborates.

'Ohhh geez...'

Obedient, I roll to my side, plunge a finger back in between my cheeks and let him guide my lips. He just washed up, his crotch smells of soap but there's a certain musk still. It's...intoxicating. My lips part as he enters. I take him in my mouth and recalling what I enjoy of Teresa's blowjobs, I try to mimic that. Swirling my tongue against the underside of his shaft, sucking in my cheeks, he moans out "Oh, who taught you that?"

With a mouthful of his cock, I reply "Ehr Eee Ahh" to his joy. 
