 Chapter 46: On The Cruise

"Enngghhh..." Merrick feels the urge to gag as he sat there, leering at the pool on the deck. Everyone's excited, everyone's splashing and having a good time, but the smell is so overwhelming. The merman's eyes watered as he wiped them off, as they are stinging a little from all of the fumes.

He squirms in the seat, as he looks at Adam. Seeing his fuzzy muscles soaked in water just peaks the fact that he is drenched in that stench.

"By the depths..." He coughed a little as the strong scent worked into his system. The blue scale charm around his neck gleam in the sunlight, so no one here will be shocked to see his true form, should any water find its way to his flesh.

"What are you doing, Merrick?!" Adam called out, after Nick just fell off his shoulders from playing Chicken, "Come on in! The water's fine!"

"Yeah, I doubt that!" He called back. Adam looked with concern, as Merrick seemed to be very uncomfortable. The sun is bright today, so he has to be roasting right now. Looking around, there ARE a lot of humans around, getting in and out of the pool. Is that why? He knows that humans aren't that dangerous... Well, most of them anyway.

"I'm gonna go see what's up." He said to Jamal.

"Aight, man..." He nodded as Adam swam from them, over to the submerged steps of the pool "...Ah!" Suddenly, Jamal felt his ass and genitals exposed and his feet were tripped in the water. He whirled around, and saw Nick swimming swiftly away from him, with his speedo clenched tightly in his hand - a little nifty prank Merrick taught him, "Nick! Get back here!" 

Adam climbed out of the pool, and trotted over to Merrick. 

"Ah-" Suddenly, a few guys shot him with super soakers - this water is cold, so they probably got it from the hose, "Hey, cut it out!" He said while laughing, "OoH!" He shuddered as they hit a cold stream on his ass. 

Adam finally got to Merrick, sitting along on the sun-bathing chair. He looks pitifully at his blonde boyfriend, sitting there, his skin looking a little pinkish, it can't be good to bake under the sun like this. He sat on the beach chair next to Merrick, just as he turned and smiling weakly.

"H-Hey, Adam..." Merrick said, just seconds away from gagging.

"Hi, baby," Adam said, kissing Merrick's cheek, but having his merman shy away from him, "Merrick, what's wrong?"

"Nothing, Adam..." He said, shaking his head, "I'm fine..."

"Merrick, you're just sitting here, sulking in the sun, what gives?"

"Nothing personal, but... You kinda reek, Adam."

"What?"

"Those two men just hit you with fresh water, so it's not so bad, but you're just covered in stink."

"What? I don't stink."

"Not you, just... Everywhere," Merrick said, "Every human here is just covered in this overpowering stench."

"Baby, what are you talking about?"

"It's that water," Merrick pointed to the pool, "That water has been poisoned with this... Horrible scent."

"What..." Adam looked at the pool for a second, "Oh that? That's just the chlorine."

"Is that what it's called?" Merrick said with distaste, "I can't stand the smell."

"Aw, come on, babe, it's not that bad." Adam said.

"Maybe not to you, but it's making me sick." Merrick rubbed his eyes again.

"Well..." Adam said, "We COULD make out instead~" He said with a playful grin.

"Ugh," Merrick pushed two fingers on Adam's chin and turned his face, "Not when you smell this bad."

"Awwwrrr..." Adam pouted as Merrick rolled his eyes, "I really wanna play some water games with you though..."

"Mmmggghhh" Merrick groaned as he looked at the turbulent splashes of the partiers. They really do look they're having fun... And those waterslides... Merrick has never been on a waterslide before, and it looks so enjoyable... And he does smell freshwater coming from the slides... Maybe the pool isn't a soup of poison like he smells... And plus, the last thing he wants to do is to ruin Adam's fun...

"I still wanna play in there, so I guess you could-"

"N-No" Merrick said, "I-I'm ok to go in..."

"What?" Adam turned to him as he stood up, "Look, Merrick, you don't have to, ok? Girl's Night is not for a couple more hours, so you can still-"

"No, Adam, I'm ok." Merrick said as he got up, sporting a cozy blue speedo.

"You sure, Merrick? I really don't mind you going dancing in the lobby if you don't mind me swimming here."

"I know, but I keep looking at the water slides, and they look so..." Merrick rubbed his own arm, "I can tolerate the smell, ok?"

"Well... If you're sure, babe..." Adam can't help but feel that Merrick's just trying to please him, "Seriously, Merrick, if you'd rather do something else-"

"It's ok, Adam." Merrick said, "Just... Let me do this, ok? I'm just not used to it, that's all." 

"Ok..." Adam looked with concern as he followed Merrick to one of the waterslides. With a little coaching from his lover, Merrick climbed up on the ladder of one of the waterslides. Being near a fresh water pump is making the smell more tolerable. Maybe this won't be so bad.

Merrick made it to the top of the latter, and looked upon river slide, the rushing cold water running down the clear plastic slide, and pouring into the pool. He climbed up on it, and relished the feel of the cold water on his rear and legs, shuddering as the scale on his necklace glimmered, preventing a transformation. He giggled as he felt Adam behind him. He turned his head, and kissed his human lovingly.

"Ok, lets move it along!" Said a grouchy looking lady in a small line forming at the waterslide. Adam sighed aggravatingly, and parted from his boyfriend. Merrick nodded, and took a huff.

"Here goes nothing..." He said, before pushing himself forward, and feeling himself slide down.

He shrieked with excitement as the cold water rushed onto him as he quickly moved down. Adam laughed as he watched that blonde head whirl around a few loops, around the frame of the pool, and into the water itself! Splashing right into it, with a look of excitement on his face before he disappeared into the cyan below.

Taking his turn, Adam climbed up, sat down on the chilled water, and pushed himself forward.

"WOOOOOO!" Adam whooped as the water invaded his personal areas as he raced through waterslide. "Ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod, WAHAAAA!" He laughed in the tunnel/slide, moving with the river and the turns and curves, feeling the water wash and splash everywhere around him! 

His body turned, and he can see the cyan pool at the end of the slide. He grinned as the water shot him into the pool, where he instantly felt a lot warmer, in contrast of the hose water.

He swam, and looked about, going to find his blonde lover, with these waterproof eyes of his. He can see so clear underwater, it's like wearing a mask.

Adam swam forth, turning his head around, and trying to find Merrick. Odd enough, he can't see him. He whirled around to try and catch him - that merman is always mischievous; he might just try and snatch his swimsuit, just like Nick did to Jamal.

Still no sign of him, only a bunch of other guys and ladies, either submerged like him, or everyone's on the surface. Finding no trace of Merrick, Adam noticed that some of the people are getting out.

He swam up, and broke the surface. Some of the people are crowding in one spot, outside the pool. Adam gapped as he saw the lifeguard holding Merrick in her arms, "Oh my god, MERRICK!" Adam swam harshly as best as he could.

"Someone get the medic!" The lifeguard called. Merrick gagged and writhed as his skin started to break out in rashes, "Everyone get back!" She bellowed as Merrick twitched and coughed.

"MERRICK!" Adam yanked himself out of the water, and sprinted towards them, just as the medic knelt down to tend to him. The lifeguard saw him, and blocked Adam from dashing at him.

"Sir, I need to step back!" She said sternly.

"Let me go, he's my boyfriend! Please!" Adam begged. The lifeguard immediately let Adam pass, and he skidded over to his lover.

"Wha's goin on??" Jamal said as he tried to get over there.

"Please stay back," The lifeguard said, "Give them some space! All of you!"

"Merrick!" Adam said as he was on one side, and the medic on the other. Merrick's eyes are clenched shut as he lay there, gurgling and huffing, "Oh my god, baby, I'm so sorry, this was all my fault!"

"What happened??" The med said as he performed his duties.

"I-I don't know, he said wanted to go on the waterslide, and w-w-when I did," Adam's eyes teared up as Merrick's hacking was becoming distracting from speaking, "I-I didn't know he would- Oh my god," He cried, "H-He's never been in a pool before!"

"It's ok, he's going to be alright," The medic as he held Merrick sideways so he can cough out the water. A couple of other officials came with a stretcher, and took Merrick away from the pool.

~~~

"Ok..." Adam said as he rubbed some cream on Merrick's skin, "So... It looks like you're allergic to chlorine." Both of them are in their room, and having Merrick rest and settle down. The room is a little cramped - one bed, small bathroom, flat screen TV, nightstand, and just enough space to move about. That's the thing about these cruises: Small, luxurious rooms, large areas on the ship to do all kinds of stuff.

"The water..." Merrick said, his voice somewhat hoarse, "It was fine in the slide... But when I got into the pool... The water just started burning every inch of me..." He moaned as he lay on the bed, naked, with Adam rubbing the cream into his flesh.

"The medics, um..." Adam had to keep himself from crying, "They say you're recovering astoundingly fast..."

"Mnnhhh..." Merrick moaned as his skin tingled from the sensation of his skin absorbing the strange ointment.

"... I'm so sorry, Merrick..."

"Hm?"

"I should have just dried up, and taken you somewhere else. Instead, I let this happen. You said the pool smelled awful, and I just-"

"Adam, stop," Merrick drearily said, "I love you, ok? I wanted to go swimming, but... It all just stank..." Adam sniffled as Merrick rubbed his cheek, "And it was fun to see you all wet..."

"Merrick..." Adam huffed and held back a sob, "Tell me the truth..." He paused, "Do I stink right now?" Merrick chuckled at him.

"Honestly, yes..." Adam scoffed as he put the tube down.

"You know... There was this other time..." Adam said.

"What?"

"Well, one time, my friend, Harold, told me that he and Belinda went to this pool party. Now, she was wearing one of these," Adam picked up the scale necklace, "You know, but with HER scale," He continued, "And, he said that she thought the whole party smelled rancid and it made her dizzy. Eventually though, she tried to go swimming, but when she wadded through the water, he said that she started breaking out in hives. Everyone was in such a panic about her because she was..." Adam huffed as Merrick took a drink of ice water, "She was choking too, and... Soon after, she was all better."

"Sounds like merfolk die in this chlorine stuff then," Merrick said as he cleared his throat, "What's it for anyway?"

"It's used to keep pools clean and disinfected with any harmful chemicals."

"Ghhh," Merrick scoffed, "Harmful?"

"Yeah yeah, I know, but it's... Mostly harmless to humans, and I..." He took Merrick's hand - which is half covered in medicinal cream, "I'm sorry that... I let this happen, babe..."

"Nmmhhh..." Merrick groaned. He REALLY doesn't want blame Adam for this, but he didn't exactly stop him, nor did he listen when Adam proposed the lobby. He was just trying to do more things with him. Not much to say here. 

"Ok, babe..." He said as he stood up, and kissed Merrick's cheek, "I'll go take a shower and get the smell off me."

"Ok..." Merrick nodded as his mate turned around, and went to the small bathroom in their compartment.

~~~

"Mmmff- Ggggmmm~ Hhh!" Nick was shoved forcefully against the door of his and Jamal's room. His tight little speedo tents tightly as this Italian Stallion pushed his mouth on him. Six foot three, this tall glass of water is wearing a leather vest, a black speedo, and sandals, while Nick his only a gold jockstrap on his body. Nick has been signing up as a Gogo Boy for almost every party on this cruise so far. And he has gotten a LOT of fans.

This man fondled that Latino as he gnawed on his lower lip, feeling Nick's hands grab him tightly and harshly. He moaned and growled as he felt this large man's rod-shaped bulge push against his.

Through all the hot passion and hormones racing through their veins, Nick fumbled for his Card-Key, and managed to slide it through the electric lock.

"You bad boy~" Said the guy as he grabbed and kneaded Nick's ample ass, "What about your boyfriend~?" He asked as he opened the door.

"Ah, is all good~" He grinned as they entered the small room, "We in an open relationship~"

"Wait, we are???" Came Jamal's voice. Nick whipped around, and saw his boyfriend with two naked women on the bed, and a raging black boner between his legs.

"Awww, maaan!" Nick groaned, "What the hell?"

"This looks a lot like a scene in this one movie I saw once..." Said the Italian stud.

"Come on, babe!" Nick said, "It's my turn to use the room!"

"No it ain't. You had it three times in a row before now."

"That's cause, I'm in the lead~" Nick said as he put his hands on his hips.

"Wait, you guys are keeping score?" Said one of the ladies with Jamal. 

"Yeah, we made a bet on who can get the most booty while we on the cruise,"

"Well," Said the other lady, "We better make the count then~" With that she started making out with Jamal.

"Egh. My boyfriend, the pussy-monger." Nick complained as the other chick started stroking Jamal's large dick.

"Come on," Said Nick's date, "Lets go hit the showers~" He took Nick's hand, and they left, and closed the door, "By the way, how does the score go~?" 

"By how many rubbers we use, and how many people we sleep with." Nick said with a grin.

"Ahh, alright then~" The guy then dug into his pocket, and drew a line of condoms, "Good thing I brought a six-pack" He said with a grin.

~~~

"There we go," Adam said as he walked out of the steamy bathroom, completely nude. Merrick looked up, and smiled at his lover, "Wow, you're looking a lot better." Merrick took a moment to examine himself. The large rashes have receded significantly since Adam went into the shower.

"Yeah... Guess it's this stuff you put on me." 

"Ok, so," Adam came to the bed, and crawled over, "How do I smell now?"

"Like..." Merrick paused, "That time we went to the flower fields?"

"Ahaheheh," Adam chuckled, "Yeah, I kinda went a little overboard with the Rose-Berry body gel."

"It's much better than that chlorine stuff~" Merrick said.

*KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK*

"Op, room service," Adam said as he hopped off, and went to the door. Merrick giggled as he noticed Adam didn't even bothered to pick up any shorts as he opened the door.

"Hello, Adam Bryant??" Said the bellboy with a trolley of two meals, a bucket of ice cubes, fresh water, and three hot rags, and three normal rags - wearing a red cap, red sleeveless vest, and very short black shorts.

"Yes I am," Adam grinned, noticing the bellhop getting a quick glance at his body.

"Here's your order," The bellboy said with a grin as he picked up a pad, paper, and pen, "Just sign this for me."

Adam took the paper, and wrote his signature real quick, "And here's your tip," Adam gave him a few dollars before accepting the trolley, "And thank you very much."

"No sir~" The bellhop grinned, "Thank YOU~" Adam snickered as he closed the door.

"Hehehe, I thought all humans needed to wear clothes." Merrick teased.

"This is a gay cruise, babe, almost half of the whole ship is naked." Adam took one of the hot towels, and deftly put it on Merrick's forehead.

"Ah! Too hot! Ow!"

"Sorry, sorry!" Adam took it right off, and put an ice cube on his head. 

"Nnnnhh..." Merrick murred as the ice melted a little.

"Heh... I keep forgetting your Mom came from the Arctic." Adam said as he wrapped a few ice cubes in a moist, cool cloth. He smiled as he put it on Merrick's head, and wiped it tenderly. 

"Mmmmhhhh..." Merrick smiled as Adam cleaned the cream off of his healed skin.

"Hey Merrick... There's something that I've been kinda afraid to ask..."

"Hm?"

"... How did we escape from the Agency?" He asked. Merrick's smiled faded a little, "I understand if you don't want to talk about it. I just... It's just a big blur to me. I remember getting shot, and falling into the water, and then I woke up in the hospital..."

"It's ok, Adam..." Merrick said, "... After Nigel injured you, I took you into the ocean" Merrick recalls when he and Adam fell together to the ocean, turning in midair so that Merrick's body would break the surface.

"I warned him that if they followed us, I would end their lives..."

"..." Adam wiped along Merrick's neck.

"And he did. He nearly had us... So, I summoned Guardian Leviathan, and ended them."

"Leviathan?"

"You know there are three Guardians to protect us in times of violence, right?"

"Oh yeah," Adam remembered, "Leviathan for Pisciens, Charybdis for Amniens, and Kraken for Holsiens."

"Right." Merrick nodded, "Only we Tritons can call them from the deep though. If I was a regular merman..." He said.

"But wait, aren't you a Coshiton? They listen to rogues?"

"It doesn't matter." Merrick shook his head, "The Guardians are loyal to the Tritons, banished or not."

"But... Are you sure you didn't make it mad? You once told me the Guardians was for warfare only, right?"

"As I said, they're very loyal to the Tritons, even the Adras," Merrick smiled, "We once came upon this Holsien pod, and Guardian Kraken had came to the call of this very young Adra - just barely older than a meryin."

"Aw no," Adam grinned.

"But it wasn't angry. Evidently, the Adra had wandered too far from his pod, and got startled, and screamed the call. Guardian Kraken arose to him, and it thought Brishen was trying to hurt him - he was looking for large game, and he happened to be nearby at the time."

"Oh shit." Adam raised his eyebrows.

"The Holsien Triton of the pod called it off before it could touch him, and we caught up with Brishen. It wasn't his fault anyhow."

"Was the Kraken angry?" Adam asked as he carefully wiped along Merrick's chest.

"Far from it. Guardian Kraken started to play with the Adra a little with one of it's huge tentacles."

"You ever see the other one? Charybdis?"

"Once. Our pod was just passing through, and Guardian Charybdis was waking from sleep." He remembers the enormous dolphin-like colossus with long flippers.

"No one was calling it?"

"Not that I can tell," Merrick said, "It was just yawning - which ALWAYS creates a whirlpool."

"Oh fuck, did you get caught in it??"

"We almost did. But Mother was able to alternate the water around us, keep us on the spot to wait for Guardian Charybdis to stop."

"Couldn't your Dad tell it to stop?"

"No, only an Amnien Triton can do that, and there wasn't one around at the time."

"Hmm... But wait," Adam said, "Summoning a Guardian, doesn't that, you know, get noticed?"

"How do you mean?"

"Like... Wouldn't your Dad or any other Triton feel the call or the Guardian springing into action?"

"Not if they weren't around, no." Merrick said, "The only way anyone would know if one of the Guardians was called is if they were there. It's not like they'd innately know it. It IS possible they might've heard Guardian Leviathan roar and thrash, but again, only if they were in the area."

"Ok," Adam rubbed Merrick's legs.

"Anyway... Once most of the humans and their vessels were destroyed, I told Guardian Leviathan to take the last one to the depths..."
