 The wife was gone to her sister's for the weekend. I got up late and was shaving in the bathroom mirror when I noticed a reflection in the closet mirrored door. Someone was looking in my bedroom window. I couldn't make out who it was. I only saw the shape of the head. I continued to shave and moved into a different position so I could have a better view. It was a guy. He didn't move. He just stood still and peeked through the blinds. 

 I was naked. I always stay naked in the house but there was always a robe handy if someone came to the door. At a different angle I could see it was a man. At first I thought it was a kid because he was short. But then I recognized who it was. Jim West, from next door. What the hell was he doing peeping in my bedroom window? I went back to shaving and wondered about him. Is he trying to peep on my wife? But wait. He knows Barbara is gone for the weekend. What the hell is he peeping at me for?

 I finished my shave and went into the bedroom. He lowered his head. He didn't know I could see him. I puttered around in the bedroom, looking at the window with my peripheral vision and his head popped up again. Why the interest? If he wants something, why not knock on the door? 

  It was too early for me to go anywhere so I just went into the living room and sat down to read a book. It wasn't long before I saw Jim peeping in the living room between the blinds. I decided to ignore him. 

 I got to a special place in my novel where it describes some sexual action. As I read I felt my cock begin to rise. Once in a while when the wife is not home, I will jerk off for some quick relief. As I continued reading I felt my cock continue to rise, so I began stroking it. Then I thought about Jim at the window and immediately let go of my cock and threw a pillow over my cock. I said to myself, "What the fuck. He's seen it anyway," so I took my, now soft dick in my hand and started stroking it again. It seemed to me that his head came closer to the window somehow. 

 I got serious about jacking off and my hand moved faster. His head was moving and I think he was jacking off too. I put the book down and cupped my balls while I stroked. It didn't take long. I hadn't gotten off for a while. My cum shot into the air and, glob after glob, it landed on my chest. Jim's head disappeared.  

 That was Saturday morning. After lunch I went to the neighborhood bar, had a drink with the guys and played a game of pool. While I was on my second beer I was surprised to see Jim walk in. He never came to this bar. He looked the place over and walked toward me. 

 "Hi," he said and sat on the next bar stool. 

 "Hi yourself," I said, "What brings you here?"

 "I have to ask you something." He ordered a beer and I looked at him. 

 "Yeah," I said.

 "Can we sit over there," he said, pointing to the tables in the back where it was private.

 We took our beers and walked to the back of the room. He sat down and I followed. My mind is spinning, wondering what was on his mind.

 "Barbara is away for the weekend, huh?"

 "Yeah," I said.

 "So is Millie. She's at her mother's."

 "What brings you here?"

 "I just thought we might hang out together for the weekend," said Jim.

 "Hang out and do what?"

 "Well, you know. Something together. Take in a movie, play golf, something."

 "Ok, enough of this game Jim. I know you were peeping in my windows this morning. What's going on with you?"

 "Oh, you saw me!" said Jim. "I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me to do that."

 "What, are you queer?" I asked.

 "Oh, no. At least I don't think so. I've never done it with a guy, but when we were teens we used to have jack-off parties and I miss them."

 "You watched me masturbate." I said.

 "Yes, I'm sorry. I was fascinated. You have a nice cock. What is it, 10 or 11 inches?"

 "I haven't measured it since I was growing up."

 "And it's nice and thick," said Jim.

 "You jacked off watching me didn't you?"

 "Yes, it turned me on so much."

 I looked at Jim and said, "For a guy who has never been with another guy, you seem to be very curious about it. Maybe you should try it with a guy. I bet you'd like it."

 Jim seemed surprised. "Oh, I couldn't do that. I wouldn't know how to ask a guy. And nobody has ever come on to me like that."

 I smiled, remembering the days when I was into men. It's been a long time. Maybe it would be fun to try it again.

  "Come on over the house, Jim. We'll talk about it." With that we downed our beers and walked out of the bar. When we walked into my house I offered Jim a beer and he eagerly took it. I could tell he was nervous. 

 "Want to try it?" I asked.

 "I'm so nervous, but I'm hot about it." Jim said.

 "Would it help if I put on a fuck movie?" I asked. "I don't have any with men on men, but they should turn you on."

 He agreed and I picked one of my favorites. It was called, "Every Woman's Fantasy." I had watched it many times.

  We sat back and relaxed. Well I relaxed. Jim was sitting on the edge of the chair.

 "Relax Jim," I said. "Take off your shoes. Loosen your belt. Feel free to stroke your cock if you get horny."

 The movie started out the usual way; fucking! This guy was pretty well hung. The woman was very pretty with large breasts. This one had somewhat of a story to it.

 Jim was sitting up with his eyes wide open, his hand rubbing his tenting pants. I was getting hard, so I unbuckled my belt and dropped my pants to my knees. I leaned back and my cock popped out of my skivvies, so I started to stroke myself. I have a decent size cock and, as Jim said, nice and thick.

 The movie was getting hotter with one woman licking her friend's cunt and another sucking a nice big cock. I glanced over at Jim. He wasn't watching the movie. He was watching me! He couldn't take his eyes off my cock. I smiled and said, "Come over here."

 He hesitated, but only for a moment. Then he slid over next to me. Jim continued to stare at my, now rock hard, cock.

 "You can touch it if you want," I said.

 He gingerly put his on my cock. Very gently he squeezed the shaft. I said something like, "Mmmm!"

 "Feel free to stroke it Jim," I said.

 Jim curled his hand around my stiff cock and began to slide it up and down.

 "Wow," he said, "it's soft and yet it's firm. It's very hot."

 "Yeah," I said, "just like yours." I reached over. Jim's cock was sticking upright out of his pants. I bent toward him and, with both hands; I pulled his pants and shorts down to his ankles. Then with one hand I stroked his cock and with the other I cupped his balls. He was hard as a piece of steel. 

 "Oh, God. Don't stroke it yet. Just hold it. I'm ready to cum already" His cock was actually throbbing. I released it and let it rest while it throbbed. Jim's left hand was feeling my balls while he continued to stroke me with his right.  

 I stood up. Jim still held my cock in his hand. I backed off and said, "come on, we have to get naked to appreciate this. I led him into the bedroom and helped him get naked. When we were both naked I led him to the bed. We resumed feeling each other. 

 "Do you feel like taking it in your mouth? I asked.

 "How will it taste?" he asked.

 "I can see I need to show you," I said. I rolled him onto his back and knelt over him. Then I lowered my face over his cock and took the whole thing right down my throat. It's been a very long time since I've done that, but all the urgency came back as I felt the head of his cock slide into my throat. I backed up so that I had just the head of his cock in my mouth. He was shaking. Once again I plunged downward and took him all in. He was not small. 

 "Yeahhh," he screamed. And I felt his cum shooting directly into my throat. Then I backed off a bit so he could fill my mouth with it and I enjoyed the taste. I licked him clean and lay back and looked at Jim.

 "How was it?" I asked He was trembling. 

 "Oh, my God! I've been sucked on occasion by my wife, but certainly not like that."

 "A man always gives a better blow job than a woman, but I guess I haven't lost my touch," I smiled in satisfaction.

  After Jim rested we had a beer and talked some more.

 "So you have done this before?" he asked.

 "Many years ago," I said, "I used to have a couple of guys as friends and we experimented. We did some really crazy things. I gave that life up when I got married. I was afraid she would find out."

 "What ever made you decide to do it with me?"

 "I don't know. I knew you were coming on to me and it brought back memories. Then, when I was jacking off and I knew you were watching, I got really hot about it."

  We sat there naked drinking beers. I looked at Jim's crotch. He was hard as ever. I was getting hard too.

 "Come on back to the bed," I said. "You ain't seen nothin' yet."

 We lay on the bed, still naked. I was hard. Very hard. "Do you want to taste me Jim?" I asked.

 "I've dreamed about that but I've never done it. I'd like to try."

 "Get on your knees like I did and hold my cock in your hands."

 Jim did what I asked. He cupped my balls in his hand and held my cock. His eyes were big as saucers. Bending closer, he breathed on my cock. I moaned.

 "Just take the head in Jim," I said. "Then do what comes naturally."

 He did just that. It felt wonderful. He held the head of my dick in his mouth for a while and then began to take more of it in. I could feel teeth, but I knew it was his first, so it was ok. Suddenly, Jim took my cock out of his mouth and got off the bed. 

  All I could say was, "Hey!"

 "I'll be right back," he said and ran for the bathroom.

 "Oh, shit, he's going to puke." But he didn't puke. After a minute he came back to the bed and resumed his position. Then he bent over and took my cock in his mouth and he took ALL of it. Right down to my balls. Then I realized, he had false teeth and he removed them. Oh, man! It was good. It was like a nice juicy pussy, but I could feel his tongue doing wonderful things to my cock.

 "Mmmm," he kept moaning. He obviously liked it. I looked at his cock. It was hard again. I reached up and held his cock in my hand and slowly stroked it. Jim was doing a wonderful job. Before long I was close to cumming. I didn't know it he wanted it in his mouth.

 "Jim," I said," I'm going to cum soon. How do you want it? Do you want me to pull out?"

 His head swung back and forth indicating that he wanted me to cum in his mouth. My cock was swelling and throbbing. He could tell I was about to shoot. Just as I was about to cum, I felt his cock shooting cum all over my chest. It felt good. I filled his mouth with several streams of my cum. He was gulping it down.

 We relaxed and, after a while, Jim said, "That was amazing! I've never been so turned on."

 "You're a natural," I said.

  And that began a very close friendship.

Please tell me if you liked my story. 

Mr. Lucky   