 The front door flung open and there stood Thomas. 

Smiling warmly and striking a dramatic pose with arms wide and robe open, he let the entire neighborhood see his firm, tan body. Swirls of soft black hair covered his chest and flowed down to the jockstrap that held his fullness. .

"Quite the doorman," I said with heartfelt admiration, "but good thing I wasn't the mailman." 

Slipping a finger inside the waist of my shorts, Thomas pulled me through the door and backing up against the foyer wall, dragged me with him. 

"No bother," he replied, "he's already sucking cock in the backyard and you'rrrrre late."

With Thomas's alcohol soaked tongue in my mouth, a reply wasn't possible. 

It was just short of noon and Thomas was already a bit drunk. Behaving like the adorable slut I found so sexy. Pressing back and rubbing his sides gently, we shared a slow and unhurried kiss.

"Sorry baby," I whispered when finished.

"Oh you will be," he said, smiling mischievously "but come on bitch, let me show you off."

One hand swung the door closed, the other grabbed mine and we were off!

The living room was just off the foyer and populated with a handful of men and women each of whom were in various stages of nudity or wearing provocative outfits that invited further undressing. 

"Everybody," Thomas called out to everyone and no one in particular, "this is Kevin ... Kevin say hello to everyone."

I just had time to get half a nod off to some of them before being dragged from their presence!

"I thought you were going to show me off," I said jokingly as we made fast time down a hallway, Thomas's light robe flipping back like Superman's cape. 

Suddenly he stopped short and I almost crashed into him. .

"Oh look," he whispered while backing me up to peer inside the door we'd just past.

I noticed right away the room was set up for "special events" such as today. It lacked a bed or any of the normal furnishings you'd expect in a bedroom of its kind. Wall to wall vinyl covered the floor on which cushioned mats of varying thickness were scattered about together with leather covered "restraining" benches and a variety of pleasure causing toys and accessories.

I quickly envisioned myself bent over one of those benches, but then went on looking about the room. 

In two areas the walls were adorned with "man sized" racks. I could call them that because a man stood in one of them. With arms and legs spread wide, his wrists and ankles were bound in place and a mask covered his entire head except for holes at the nose and ears. His mouths function wasn't currently required, so a zipper was closed tight over it. Fair skinned and unexceptional looking I had no doubt it was a man because of the pre cum trail that flowed down his stiff prick, dripped off his balls and formed a puddle between his feet.

The center of attraction in the room was an older man with distinguishing gray/white hair. Knelt down and bent over in the room's center, he was naked and blindfolded with both arms bound behind his back. Two young men moved about, tormenting him in pleasing ways and maintaining the rigid condition of what appeared to be a considerable cock. A heavy-set Black woman stood off to the side whispering 

instructions and seemed to be very much in control of matters.

Looked like everyone's cock was either swollen or stiff, so it was safe to presume a good time was being had by all. 

A latex ball sac was all that could be seen of the large dildo buried deep inside the man and his tormentors took turns whipping and spanking him, leaving his back and ass glowing a brilliant color red. When they lacked anything else to do, they'd grind and pump his hole with the dildo until he moaned in surrender. A ball gag was strapped around the mans head, so what he was saying was anybodies guess, but "I surrender" would seem appropriate! 

My cock was never one to turn down a kinky turn and it was rock hard and trying to convince me to replace the man on the floor, get "next in line."

After a few moments it began to dawn on me that I might know the man and a quick glance to Thomas confirmed it. The older man with the impressively hard cock and red hot ass was my Political Science professor: Professor Arnold.

Thomas was his Aide and apparently the job description was a broad one.

It was the distinctive hair that gave him away, but I think I'll remember him differently now. 

"Hello Thomas," the Madame cooed from across the room. "Have you brought me another plaything?" 

"Oh no you don't," Thomas said with a smile. "You've got your hands full already, this ones mine."

At which point he grabbed me and we continued our journey down the hallway. 

"Later......" is all I could get out before being pulled away.

Our destination was the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Thomas seated himself at the foot of the bed, positioned me between his knees and proceeded to undo my belt. 

"I've been waiting for this," he said while working. "My house, my party, I get the pick of the litter."

I stood obediently. I was a guest after all. 

Passing the time, I stared down his chest to the full jockstrap that hung between his legs. 

I lifted my T-shirt over my head and stepped out of the shorts when they arrived at my ankles leaving a black thong as my last line of defense. Thomas quickly breached it and I surrendered without a fight when his mouth surrounded me.............

////////////////////

Although good looking, muscular and masculine in both appearance and temperament, there is something about me that always elicited a fair amount of interest from men as well as women. Seemingly more than my friends, they'd come on to me suggestively, thinking they could get lucky and as I matured, my cock began to betray my "hetro" ways and put a curve in the road. 

My prick would begin filling hard when it technically shouldn't and I'd find myself susceptible and weak to their advances. Swelling and aching, it would hold me motionless, confused and silent in those early compromising moments when intent and willingness get decided. 

Eventually I'd come to understand this weakness. 

Eventually I'd learn about my sexuality and the roots of these responses. Eventually I began succumbing to their advances readily, but it took time..

My High School English teacher was the first. 

I'd graduated a few months prior but not left for college when I revisited the school which was just down the road. I'd run into my English teacher (who doubled as the Drama Coach) and he'd invited me to his office to talk of college plans, where I'd enrolled and such.

Just as I was telling him my intention to go to the local university, he closed the door to his office.

A bit more "college banter" took place before I'd noticed the conversation was swerved in a more personal heading with questions about who I'd been dating..."How was it going? What were we going to do?."..and talking enviously about all the girls that would be waiting "spread-legged" for me off at college.

"A young stud like you," he complimented. That being the first time I'd heard the word "stud" from this English teacher's mouth. 

Although good looking and a leader in school sports, I'd never dated steadily. 

Casually involved with a few girls over the years for sure, but I didn't have a "girl friend." My mind was in flux on such matters. 

He went on. 

Dating matters expanded to married life for some reason and he started joking about wives and sex. Then with increased delicacy, the conversation became better focused...about his own wife.

Watching me closely and measuring his words carefully, he spoke with the casual comfort afforded lifelong friends sitting at a bar as opposed to a four year acquaintance whose most in depth discussion was a boring analysis of "Great Expectations." He spoke of how his wife had changed since first they met and been married. How her sexual appetites had expanded "along with the size of her ass" and how quite by circumstance they'd "wound up" in a threesome with another man after a neighborhood party! 

I questioned none of this for some reason. 

He spoke of how she'd enjoyed it and wanted to do it again. Then quietly and after some delay he confessed to enjoying it also. He'd found watching his wife being pleased by another man terribly exciting.

"What were you doing?" I asked, expelling the sentence like I had a golf ball in my throat. 

"Jerking off," was his open, ready and quick reply. 

I certainly hadn't started this conversation and coming off four years of Varsity football could have wondered what made him think I'd play his game, but I cant say I was totally surprised by this breach of our relationship. I cant say it hadn't briefly crossed my mind if his interest lay somewhere other than what major I planned on taking. 

He saw I was accepting the conversations flow. 

He saw I wasn't objecting, leaving or questioning. 

I was mostly silent. 

I was definitely, silently aroused. 

The fullness and tightness of my crotch had become increasingly pleasing. 

So he went on, talked me through it with increasing detail. 

About how his wife had knelt in their bed, supported herself with hands on the headboard and knees spread so this man could take her. About how he'd watched as this man got his wife shaking, moaning, begging for it...to the point where all he could do was jerk off and enjoy the show and about how he'd licked wife's cum off this man's swollen prick....and liked it. 

"I'd do it again if I got the chance," he offered. After my silent delay, he asked quietly: "Have you ever thought about sucking cock Kevin?" 

The dam was broken.

The floodgates opened.

The destination had been reached. 

Nothing could ever change that come on...just as I couldn't deny that my cock was aching hard. 

Time seemed to have stopped. 

My breathing was faster, my mind racing, yet I remained silent. It was a complicit silence that spoke volumes. Without words, I was begging him: "Lead me there....."

Which he did. 

I watched as he slowly exposed himself to me.

My eyes had previously been downcast, but were now glued on his crotch and he could be confident I was "hooked."

He'd recognized my interest and I'd caused his. 

He'd gently probed my needs and mentally

"checked" the boxes as he went along.

The list was now complete, all the boxes were full and I'd passed the test with flying colors. 

In a few moments, he was tantalizing me. Slow stroking his full, stiff prick.

"Ever think about this Kevin?" he said calmly. 

My eyes answered him. 

My excited body answered me.

I slid to my knees and ended the mystery.

I slipped my lips around him. He tempered my eagerness, slowed and guided me through a measured blow job. Roles were in place once again: he was my teacher. Although I cant remember ever enjoying his class quite as much.

He didn't last long. I'd learn later that he'd had his sights on me for some years and the thrill of the capture brought him off fast. Holding my head on both sides, he emptied into my mouth. I gagged but swallowed. I was repulsed but happy. Cum is an acquired taste and I had some "acquiring" to do.

True to his word, he did want to suck cock again and I gave him the chance. I still remember the sight of my hard, throbbing prick just before he took me....just before another man took me down and I moaned in relief. When I shot him up, the athlete in me took over and I pounded his face a bit faster than he liked. A rookie mistake. 

I never met his wife. He never intended I would and I was content with the arrangement. 

I was a plaything for his "other" life and sucked his prick and those of the friends he introduced me to during my entire Freshman year. He was my "off campus" class: Man Love 101 and it was the best class of the year. 

But it had been my throbbing cock that had been the culprit. It knew before I did the pleasure to be enjoyed and demanded I submit.

A few weeks later I'd submit again, only faster, to a complete stranger in the bathroom of the Mall. I'd had honest and obvious intentions going there and no idea that the bathroom stalls had been rigged. I didn't even notice the hole in the wall before I heard the guy next to me and saw his long, stiff prick. 

My cock reached for the ceiling!

My heart raced and filled it with stiffening and immobilizing blood. After just a few "what to do thoughts," I looked again and couldn't resist staring. Long, hard and curved with a well defined cut head that had "suck me" written all over it.

All I could do was lust after it. 

All I could do was murmur "yes" when he whispered : "Do you want it?"

I shot off with his cock in my mouth, not having touched my own cock once. My cum was the physical confirmation of a powerful mental submission...a surrender to cock. I couldn't go near that Mall without returning to that stall. The mere thought excited me and I'd wind up there. 

Although contrary to my outward nature and no one other than those I'd been playing with would ever have suspected, I'd found that submission to men and the enjoyment that followed to be irresistibly kinky. Although I didn't rule out seeing girls, I didn't chase them and my involvements with men increased.

I started seeking them out.

I'd visit Adult Theaters, "proudly" only paying for the gay or men's side where I'd wait in excited anticipation as men moved down the aisle, seat by seat, gauging my acceptance that they come near. When finally next to me, I'd validate their effort and grasp their hardons to get them off.

I came to realize that I wanted hard cock more than anything else and stopped seeing women. Once my prick hardened and my weakness was exposed, they could have their way with me. I'd blindly suck and swallow them or willingly roll onto my knees and accept them.

It was an inescapable cycle that became far too pleasurable to deny, so I'd stopped trying. 

My balls got shaved smooth and my pubes got trimmed to a small patch that highlighted my cock. Cleaned up a bit, I took to wearing thongs to show off my masculine muscles and defined lines yet also say "willing" to those in the know, or those that stared longer than they should..while their own cocks swelled.

There were many of them. 

////////////////////

Raising my right foot up over Thomas's leg and onto the bed, I straddled his body. 

Pulling closer to him. I gently stroked his shoulders and his head while we made love.

He sucked my nipples and licked the hard, defined pecs of my chest before returning to his true love: cock. 

It was inevitable that I'd cum for him . I always gave it up to him. 

"Mmm that's right baby," I whispered in his ear. "I'm here for you now." 

Pumping my hips gently and in rhythm with his head movements, we embraced closely.

His hands brought goose bumps to my ass and made my cock twitch as he stroked my hard ass cheeks and the sac that dangled between my legs. 

All the while, his mouth was drawing the life out of me and we held close, waiting on the inevitable.......................

////////////////////

Thomas was a purebred cock sucker, having come from good, cock loving stock.

When in his late teens, his parents had divorced and Thomas grew much closer to his Father.

Much as his Grandfather had done for his Dad, Thomas's Father would help him through this turbulent time. 

A good and caring man, the Father was simply unable to fulfill a woman completely and the love in his marriage had dwindled accordingly. He was obviously concerned what affect the divorce could have on Thomas who was 19 by now and had turned into a strapping young man. Good looking, athletic and well liked, he was accepted in any social circle he chose, yet he was troubled. 

The Father noted his unease and made every effort to help. They would have long discussions about how Thomas was adapting to life "post divorce." He was an involved parent and Thomas felt a closeness growing that was lacking with the Mother.

After some time and many discussions, Thomas finally opened up about the true nature of the "problem" and awkwardness he was feeling. He related how certain situations caused 

confusion and "inappropriate" arousal. The Father listened intently. 

Thomas wasn't certain why his parents had divorced, he was shielded from that, but he sensed the reason and believed his Father would understand. 

Recalling his own youth, the Father offered perspective and helped make sense of the "urges" his son was having. Patiently and with loving care they'd talk and using true "Men's Magazines" the Father produced do some exploring...research the alternatives. The Father detailed how natural, widespread and accepted these urges really were. 

Gradually Thomas's attitude evolved from apprehension to increasingly open signs of interest and acceptance. So when it finally happened, after many weeks, Thomas was ready.

During a weekend visit, the Father unexpectedly slipped a CD into the DVD player while Thomas was watching and took a seat in an adjacent chair. The movie, which was about a Father and his elder son taking a camping trip in the woods, started uneventfully and the two both viewed it quietly.

After a bit the storyline changed, and the movie Father "accidentally allowed" his son to see him while showering in an outside stall, having purposely removed the shower door. Slowly he cleaned and stroked his body, massaged himself fully until soapy trails were running down him and his cock began to lengthen noticeably. Taking hold of his prick, he "cleaned" it thoroughly. Purposefully slow stroking the soapy length until it pointed out prominently, curved up strongly. 

They'd chosen the right actor for the part. 

His massive cock was beautifully stiff and breathtakingly large. The movie son, thinking his presence unnoticed, watched with growing interest.

Thomas was transfixed. 

Standing sideways to the non-existent and open doorway the movie Father's hand reached down to his soapy balls and the full extent of his manhood could be appreciated as the soap was slowly rinsed away. His son moved in his concealed location, betrayed his presence. 

Thomas wasn't shocked by what he was watching but the wide screen TV image was particularly arresting and he watched intently. He was excited, swollen stiff and suffered no embarrassment or shame. 

His attentions diverted, Thomas hadn't noticed that his own Father had slipped his shorts to the floor and was jerking off just a few feet away! Looking from his Father to the TV...then back again, Thomas's eyes rested on the hard cock rising up from his Father's lap. 

Looking to Thomas while continuing to jerk off, the Father said: "It would be OK...if you wanted......" 

Thomas didn't need a second invitation, quickly unzipped and followed his Father's lead.

After a few moments of shared masturbation, the Father had moved next to Thomas and grasped his son with a soft hand. He slowly pumped the boys rigid prick and massaged his full balls with the parental care and attention only another man can give. Accurately gauging his sons condition, he was just able to get his lips onto his dick head before it exploded with cum.

Thomas saw stars under his tightly closed eyelids and gasped in ecstasy as his cock was drained by another man for the first time...by his Father! 

If he'd been looking at the movie, Thomas would have seen the movie son slip onto his back with legs held wide, while the Father devoured his balls. As Thomas was filling his Dad's mouth, the movie son grabbed his legs and held them back "crab-like" so his Father could easily slip his steady index finger into the exposed ass hole.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Thomas moaned loudly, his prick giving it up. 

He opened his eyes just in time to see ropes of cum shooting onto the movie son's stomach
