 Pulling in to the park I saw his car parked there, I got my gear and headed out, I knew where he would be, I would find him in his usual spot. I could see him standing there nervous, terrified, he looked so young for an eighteen year old, he was so sexy, his tight jeans, hugging his beautiful bubble butt, his worn tee shirt barely covering his built chest, boarder runners no socks, a sports team hat to cover his dirty blond locks, he had little or no facial hair, his hairy armpits the hair the color or gold, an ample bush above his enormous cock, hairy balls, and a beautifully hairy pink hole.

He stood there nervously waiting for me to show up, there were so many men in the park tonight, the weather was incredible, still so warm from the day. The boy paced back and forth avoiding eye contact with any and all, there were young men, older gentlemen in the park tonight, this would prove to be a fun evening for sure. I slowly made my way to him my backpack filled with gear I would need for our meeting. 

As I got closer I quickened my pace, his back turned to me he did not see me come up behind him I had the handcuffs ready, 

"Hands behind your back son, you're under arrest!" I ordered him loudly.

I caught him off guard, he jumped as I grabbed him firmly, twisting his arm behind his back and snapping the cuff on him. 

"You were warned before about being in the park son!" My voice loud and clear.

I grabbed his other arm, snapping the cuff on it, I walked him to a secluded spot, he tried to speak.

"Best you not say a word son, it will only get you in more trouble!" I said to him with authority. 

Many of the men in the park scattered, but watched from a distance, to see what would transpire, I brought him to the location I wanted him in. I pushed him up to a tree that would hold him firmly, I uncuffed one hand and cuffed him to the tree, I took out some rope from my backpack and tied his feet so he could not try to kick me, I placed a ball gag on his mouth so he could not scream for help. I could see in his eyes the terror, there was also a tear running down his cheek. 

"Are you going to cry you fucking baby? Then cry this is the only way you will learn anything!" I pointed at him as I sternly told him.

I stood back and looked at him, dam the boy was so cute even tied up, I took his keys, cell phone, he would have no personal belongings, I could see an impressive bulge in his jeans, the boy was turned on by all this. I walked up ran my hand over his cock, 

"Does this turn you on? Making your cock hard is it? Good cause its lesson time!" I said with a slight smirk.

I got down on my knees an unbuckled his pants, unzipped, pulled his jeans down roughly over his bubble butt, he had on a pair of Batman underwear, I pulled them down his cock sprung out, 

"This does turn you on doesn't it? I said with a smile.

I stood in front of him, he had this look on his face, part fear and maybe he thought I would suck his cock for him, he thought wrong. I grabbed his tee shirt and tore it off of his body, 

"A little whore like you doesn't need clothes on!" I told him harshly.

There he was tied to a tree, cock waving in the air, the look of terror in his eyes.

"Have fun!" I said as I walked away.

As I turned and walked off, he tried to mutter something but I was not about to go untie him, he would learn the hard way. It took no time at all for a man to come up and see if he could help the boy out, first he ran his hand on his exposed chest, sliding down to his cock, the man grasped it firmly in his huge hand, the terror was now obvious in his face and movements, he tried to struggle loose, the man told him, 

"Pretty sure you can't get loose son, he has handcuffed and tied you tight!" The man told him with a grin on his face.

The man played with his cock and balls, finally getting on his knees and taking the boys cock in his mouth, two more men came in for a look, they walked around the tree to see if he truly was tied tight. The man on the ground sucking him was going to town on the boys cock.

The two other men touched his body, pinching his nipples, running their hands on his beautiful ass cheeks, you could see they wanted a turn on the boys big cock, one guy got down and took the boys balls in his mouth, not sure how much the boy could take at this rate. The other man tried to finger the boys hole, but he held his butt cheeks squeezed tight, another man showed up, this one younger than the other three, he took a nipple in his mouth, working the boys right nipple roughly, making him squirm.

The younger guy pulled the first man off the boys cock and quickly swallowed it to the base, he worked the boys cock with his tongue and throat muscles, the boy shook his head he was not ready to cum yet, but he had no choice, the boy blasted the young mans tonsils till he was drained of cum. The young guy stood up satisfied he had drained him, the first man quickly got back on the boys cock, he wanted even some residue of the cum he had just blasted. The boys cock had no time to even go down, so much stimulation.

The first man sucked the boys cock, holding deep in his mouth, the boy would never cum this way, the third man pulled him off and took the boys cock into his mouth, he worked the boys cock tip to base, licking sucking slurping, you could see the boy would soon blow a second load deep inside the strangers mouth. 

The boys head went from way back against the tree, to hung almost on his chest, you could see he was on the edge once more, his balls ached to deposit yet another load in this man's mouth. Two more men showed up, they took turns on the boys nipples, trying to pull his butt apart to get to his rosebud, one man wet his finger and got it up to the boys hole, the stimulation made the boys cock spurt his load in the mans mouth.

No sooner had he drained the boys second load yet another mouth was on the boys cock, his cock stayed so hard and ready for more and more action. The one man fingered the boys hole slowly getting his finger deeper in the boys cavern, you could clearly see the boys cock was dark pink almost red from all the oral stimulation, his cock would be aching tomorrow. The man fingering the boys hole was now finger fucking the boys ass hard you could tell he wanted to shove his cock deep in the boys hole. 

This third mouth knew his way around a cock, he sucked the boys cock down and squeezed it in his mouth and throat, he had the boy fuck his mouth, the finger in his hole the mouth firmly holding his cock, the boy could take no more, his balls rose, his shaft swelled, the man got his reward, white creamy cum, the man squeezed the boys balls for more, but there was no more to give.

The forth mouth on the boys cock you could see he was shaking his head no more, he could not take anymore, he needed them to stop! This is where I came back in, 

"Okay gentlemen this is enough for one night, don't think he can handle anymore stimulation, thank you!" I said with a broad smile on my face.

The fourth man reluctantly released the boys cock, the finger was removed, the boys head was hanging down he was spent, his cock deflating, his balls drained. I untied his feet first, then his hands, the boy could not walk, his knees weak he was drained, leaving his jeans bunched around his ankles the boys perfect white ass for all to see.

I grabbed my backpack, then carried him away in a fireman's carry, over my shoulder, he did not struggle, I got him to my car loaded him up and we were off. I carried him into the house, put him on my bed, he laid there like he was dead. 

"So was it good?" I asked really wanting to know.

He only shook his head at first, 

"I have never experienced anything like that before! It was beyond incredible! You brought my fantasy to life!" the boy said with a look of awe on his face.

I only smiled, 

"Wait till next week!" I said with a sly grin.

His eyes were big like saucers. 

"Next time you do the sucking!" I laughed as the words left my lips.