 I was driving back to my apartment from the gym the other day and decided to stop at a local park, to park in the shade and smoke a cigarette. I pulled my car underneath a giant tree that provided ample shade, as evident by two other cars that were parked there. I positioned my car in between a sedan and a mini-van, parking closer to the sedan. I had not noticed until I stopped and turned off my car, an older man sitting in the sedan. He was finishing a cigarette himself, looking my way, our eyes met for a brief second. I nodded at him, but he just stared back without a reaction.

Exiting my car, I lit up a cigarette and took a deep drag, feeling the smoke enter my throat and lungs. Closing my car door, I let out a huge plume of smoke and walked onto the grass near the giant shade tree. I could tell the man in the sedan was watching me, but I ignored him and sauntered closer to the tree. I did some stretching, taking in the scene; geese eating the grass as a few sentries were posted, watching for any signs of danger to the flock, sun shining on the small pond, some people walking.

A car door shut and I knew it was the man from the sedan without looking back. I played it like I did not hear the car door shut and kept looking around the park. Coughing from somewhere behind me, still I did not look back. Voices from behind me and this time I did look back and saw an older couple walking to the mini-van; obviously their transportation as they entered and drove away.

I returned my gaze forward and noticed out of the corner of my eye, the man from the sedan walking to my right and stop a few paces ahead of me. He was dressed in running shorts, shirt and running shoes, but did not look like the athletic type, more like a person wearing comfort wear. He was a bit taller than me and lanky with a small gut. He started stretching as if mimicking me and that is when I felt that feeling come over me; he wanted something...from me.

I watched him for a bit to see what his next move was going to be, but he continued to stretch. I dropped and snubbed out my cigarette with my shoes. I turned toward my car and spit, giving him a chance to see me head toward my vehicle, hoping he would think that I was leaving and to see if he was going to react.

"Leaving so soon?"

Got him! I smiled and knew the feeling I had earlier, that he wanted something from me, returned, this time stronger than before. I replied, "No, just getting another cigarette."

"You work out? You look like you do."

"Yeah, I just left the gym and like to come here afterward to wind down and smoke a cigarette or two." I tried to light up again, but my lighter was not cooperating.

"Here, I got you." Dave, as he introduced himself, held his lighter toward my cigarette and I placed my hand over his as I took a deep pull to bring the cigarette to life.

Dave laid back on the grass, his left leg flat against the grass and, his right thigh against my shoulder. I slowly leaned forward against his right thigh, stretching his leg, but his knee buckled.

"You have to try and keep your leg as straight as possible to get the full benefit of the stretch." I placed my hand on his knee and gently pushed against it, straightening Dave's leg, and then I slid my hand along the inside of his thigh and, "You should feel it along here and all the way down to here."

My hand was dangerously close to his balls, so I slid my hand back up along his thigh and back down again. This was obviously turning Dave on as I could see an outline of an erection beneath his running shorts. I stopped near his balls and hardening cock, looked around and then clutched his erection; Dave raised his head and looked at me.

"I suggest we go into your car and I can help you stretch this muscle," squeezing his hard cock, "and help relieve the tension here."

Dave had his seat fully reclined as I was bobbing up and down on his cock. He groaned in delight as I gave his cock oral pleasure; deep throat, tongue lapping and loud smacking sounds from my lips.

"You're a fucking whore!" he hissed out between his deep moans.

I hummed at the beautiful compliment and swallowed his cock all the way down to the base. Dave placed his hand on the back of my head, holding me down as he started to buck up and down; I moaned even more at his attempt to fuck my mouth.

I pulled back and started jerking his cock, looking at him. Dave's eyes were glazed as he was in ecstasy.

"Do you want to cum in my mouth?" I asked with the most innocent, slut look on my face; it melted him and he quickly responded by placing his hand on the back of my head again and shoved his cock back into my mouth. Dave's gorgeous cock easily slid all the way down my throat.

I could feel his cock pulsate as he unloaded hot, thick globs of man juice into my throat. His grip was firm on the back of my head, indicating he wanted to finish cumming in my throat; I let him do to me, whatever he wanted.

Dave let out a breathless groan as his body shuddered; his hand loosed its grip on the back of my head and I slowly pulled up and off his cock. I ran my thumb on the underside of his cock's thick under vein, a few more gooey drops of semen exited from the tip of his cock that I quickly ate. 

Dave's cock was getting flaccid as I manly laid it on his body. I ran my tongue up and down the softening length and then placed gentle, loving kisses on his shaft. Dave lay on his reclined seat nearly motionless.

"Thank you lover, that was delicious!" then I exited his sedan, got into my car and drove away.