 We wandered from room to room, feasting our senses on the erotic couplings. Every room was filled with the soft and sometimes urgent moans of men fucking men, or the sensual sounds of cocks being licked and sucked, and the heady aroma of sweat and cum served only to supercharge our sexual ambitions.

Tom and I would occasionally stop and kiss as we watched. His and would glide down to my rock-stiff member, and mine to his.

In the main room of the house, the pretty young man who had greeted us at the door was laying on his side on a coffee table. He was being fucked in the mouth at the same time our birthday boy's slicked rod was gliding in and out of his succulent asshole. The young man's tanned and lithe body had been anointed multiple times by some of the group gathered to watch, and I resisted the urge to lick up every drop of the man cream on his face, chest, and abdomen.

Two hot looking studs were standing near us, kissing and groping each other. Both had magnificent cocks, and my mouth watered at the thought of my tongue exploring every vein that bulged beneath the skin of their manhoods, and my asshole twitched at the prospect of swallowing those bulging love muscles balls deep.

I kissed Tom and whispered in his ear.

"Would you like to watch them fuck me?" I asked, nodding my head in their direction.

"Can I fuck you after them?" he asked.

"Oohh, yes." I purred.

"What if they make you cum?" he whispered as his hand encircled my throbbing cock.

"Oh, don't worry" I said "I'll cum for you, too. We just might need another one in my mouth to help me along. But I just bet you'd love to fuck me while I'm sucking cock, wouldn't you? I bet we could find one to share while we fucked."

"Oh, god. That'd be awesome. You really know how to turn a guy on." he whispered coarsely as he pressed his mouth to me and kissed me deeply while pressing his hardness against mine.

I strutted sexily over to the two studs and reached out to their cocks and caressed from their balls upward as I smiled seductively at them.

I was direct and to the point.

"My friend would like to watch you guys fuck me" I said breathily "and I'd really like to get fucked by a couple of big cocks like these."

Wordlessly, one simply pulled me closer and kissed me, his tongue probing my mouth and locking with mine.

"That would be a yes." said his partner.

I took them by the hand and we went to a spot in the middle of the room where we had space to sprawl. I knelt on the floor with my legs apart and reached down and pulled the butt plug from my love hole. One of the studs squatted behind me and I felt the pressure of his cock head at my waiting sphincter.

Then he slipped inside me, burying himself full depth in one thrust. I gasped with pleasure as the cool pressure of the butt plug was replaced with the throbbing warmth of man muscle inside me. He held me by the ribs as he slowly pistoned in and out of my fuckhole. I turned my head so that we could kiss as we fucked. As I did, I could see that Tom was staring at us, engrossed in the spectacle of our sordid coupling.

I desperately wanted to cum, but the pleasure was so intense, and I wanted it to last, so I casually reached down and dug a fingernail into the skin of my cock to slow down my rising climax.

We got into a rhythm, each of us moving away from and towards each other. I would move just far enough to feel him on the verge of popping out of me, and then push back until I could feel his scrotum against mine and my asshole was filled with man. 

I found the gaze of his partner.

"I want your cock in my mouth" I said, and he moved in front of me and I swallowed him. I fucked my mouth up and down his cock opposite the rhythm of my ass. As cock was sliding inward at one end, it was sliding outward at the other.

I glanced around the room, and three or four other men were watching us, aside from Tom. I looked up at one young man as he jacked off at what must have seemed like a fantastic porn movie come to life right in front of him. 

I reached for him and pulled him closer. I wrapped my mouth around him just in time for his love nectar to erupt in my mouth. I pulled back with my mouth open so that everyone could enjoy this young man's intense and copious orgasmic explosion. Spurt after spurt of glorious man cream blessed my lips, tongue, and cheeks. As the others watched I let it spill erotically down my chin and chest as I licked and sucked him clean.

As I luxuriated at the feeling of warm cum all over my face, I felt the hands of my fucker dig into my ribs and and felt the first burst of silky warmth inside me as his balls loosed their seed deep in my love channel. He let out several harsh grunts as he plowed his cock into me, driving his semen deep into my belly before he began to relax and slow his thrusts. 

I turned and kissed him while he was still inside me. I could see Tom, and he was transfixed with voyeuristic pleasure. I looked up smiling at my fuckers' partner.

"I bet you can fuck like him, can't you?" I purred, and then closed my eyes as revelled in the sensation of cock sliding out of my asshole, and fresh cum dribbling down my scrotum and balls. I pulled the other stud to the floor and lay him on his back.

I straddled him as he held his cock upright. I found his purple glans with my cum-slicked hole, and then slid my anal sheath down the length of his shaft and began to ride him.

Now their were two men next to me, urging me to suck them while I fucked up and down this magnificent pleasure shaft. My cock was raging hard, dripping with pre-cum. I greedily sucked at the sperm dispensers offered me, and they rewarded me amply.

I was deep in the throes of pleasure now. Tom was going to see me cum. I wanted him to see me cum. I wanted him to see these other men shooting their hot sperm on my face and into my mouth, just for his erotic pleasure.

I felt my climax rise deep inside me, and slowed the bounce of my hips. I opened my mouth to accept the orgasmic spurts of one of the men jacking off to our wild fucking, and moved upwards until only the head of cock was inside my hole.

And then I was cumming! I let out a cry of lust and pleasure and slid my bum downwards, filling myself up at the very moment that my own manhood was spewing a geyser of spunk. I swallowed a hot jet of sperm and then arched my back and tipped my head back as I let every inch of my body feel the spasms of pleasure washing over me.

I held my lover deep inside me until the last wave of my climax passed, then I began to fuck him some more.

I urged him on now, urging him to cum.

"C'mon" I hissed "Give me your cum. I want to feel it squirt in me."

He grabbed my hips and shoved upwards and erupted inside just like his lover had, and more silky warmth filled my fuck hole.

Finally we parted. I rolled over to where Tom was half sitting, half laying on the floor nearby. 

Teasingly, I found some cum on my face with a finger and then licked it. I found another drop and offered it to him. He took my finger in my mouth and sucked it greedily.

"Did you like that?" I asked sweetly.

"Oh, yeah" he sighed back at me.

"Do you want to fuck, now? I'd really like to fuck with you. Somewhere alone." I said as I pulled his love bone to my mouth and gave it a loving suckle. "I want you to make me cum, now." I cooed.

Hand in hand we found our way to an empty room. The covers on the bed were thrown back. Men had fucked here, as would we.

I lay on my back and opened my legs. Tom gazed at my cum dripping hole with the hunger of lust in his eyes. My cock was hard for him, and my hole eager to experience the power of his manhood. 

He knelt over me and we shared a lingering kiss, my mouth and lips still slathered in the man milk that I had drawn from the others.

I lifted my legs up over his shoulders and felt the smooth, slick tip of his love shaft at my opening.

Our eyes were locked, and then I pulled him close so that our tongues were intertwined as my hole stretched open to accept him inside me.

We fucked. We fucked with the intensity of lovers. His rod filled and satisfied me, and I worked the muscles of my fuckhole to give us both maximum pleasure.

We clung tightly to each other as our lovemaking gathered intensity. I had no track of time, but we must have spent half an hour thrusting and grunting with pleasure. Tongues tangling, sweat dripping, cum dribbling down my back and soaking the sheet beneath me. 

I urged him on.

"Fuck me. Cum in me. Make me cum. Fuck me hard. Make our cocks squirt." I gasped.

And then he came, and I came with him. My love cream anointed our bellies as his hot spunk filled my asshole. Our mouths locked together as we climaxed, our tongues twisted together like snakes, our bodies joined at each end.

Finally our orgasms subsided and we fucked slowly for several minutes until we could fuck no more. 

My body was deeply satisfied, as was his. I had sated my hunger for man nectar, and my asshole had been fucked to satisfaction.

We lay together for a while, until we heard the party start to subside. As we lay there, another couple came in an 69'd on the floor beside the bed while we watched.

I went home with him, and in the morning we showered and I took him inside me once more, and then I fucked his warm mouth until I spilled my own seed all over his tongue and lips.

We became lovers.