 It was a week before the boy's cock was ready for more action, his dick being quite sore from all the action at the park. This time we would try something totally different that he had never done before, I had a plan in place where he would have some fun and be used at the same time. I never told him anything about what I had planned only that I would pick him up or so he thought.

We decided a Saturday night would be best, he was out with friends at a coffee shop, he told me where he would be at all times so I knew where I could find him. I pulled up to the coffee shop, his face dropped when I walked in, I looked around the room, saw him sitting way at the back with his friends, no one really took notice of me except for him. He knew it was time and I was not taking no for an answer.

I walked up to his table, his friends all looked at me, I looked directly at him, 

"Is your name Paul? Paul Thomas?" I asked with a serious look on my face.

"Why who is asking? Who the hell are you pal?" His friend asked rudely.

I grabbed him by the back of his jacket, stood him on his feet, 

"Put your hands on the table son!" Raising my voice to get his and others attention.

I patted him down to check for weapons. 

"Do you carry a concealed weapon son?" I asked roughly. 

"No sir I don't!" He replied sheepishly. 

I took out the cuffs and handcuffed him and led him to my car. I threw him in the backseat, his friends followed us out, one shorter kid gets in my face, 

"Who the fuck are you man?" He asks me with concern for his friend.

I grabbed him by the coat, pushed him up to the wall, 

"I'm the cop that is going to bust your ass if you ask anymore stupid questions son!" I told him terrifying the kid.

The kid backed down, the rest did not push it. I drove directly to the local bathhouse, the boy was going to be tonight's flavor of the night. I brought him in still in cuffs, paid the guy for a room, stripped the boy naked with the door open I wanted all to see what I had for them to play with. I put him back in handcuffs, totally naked, I brought him through the bathhouse for all to see, his big cock flopping all over the place. 

I found a dark corner for him to be in, I got him on his knees, tied his hands to his ankles with rope, he would be on his knees for the night servicing any and all who shoved a cock his way. I took a seat so I could witness the action, most guys were shy or nervous, but soon they lined up to use the boys mouth. The odd guy got down and sucked the boys cock, some even tried to get to his ass, 

"Sorry boys his ass is mine and only mine!" I told them forcefully.

Paul's first cock was average in size, nice cock actually, he sucked big ones small ones, old and young, he did not say no to any, even the front desk guy had his cock sucked. He would be filled full with cum by the end of the night. There was one man tall, shy, walked by a few times but would not commit to letting the boy suck his cock. He walked up to me and asked 

"Is he yours!" He asked quietly.

"Yes he sure is I kidnapped him tonight, he will be here for a few more hours then I plan to fuck the boy hard, be nice to have a cock in his mouth while I do that!" I said smiling at the man.

"I would love to fuck his mouth while you fuck his pretty ass, but can we do it in a more private location?" He asked shyly.

"My room in an hour room twelve, he should be all sucked out by then!" I smiled and shook his hand.

Paul was on fire no sooner did one cock come out of his mouth another was in to replace it, all I got from Paul is a grin when his mouth was empty. The hour went by quickly, Paul had two more cocks to suck then I would take him to my room and have my fun with him. 

"Last two guys he has other plans after this, you all can come watch us spit roast the boy, he will be taking two big cocks from each end!" I said with pride.

At least I hoped this guy had a big cock, I was sure he had to at least have an average cock. Paul quickly got thru the last two guys, two others wanted at him but he was now mine to play with, 

"Room twelve guys you can watch but it will only be two of us playing with him!" I told them sternly.

I untied Paul and led him to the room, his knees and legs were sore but he was up for more. After drinking a bottle of water and walking around to get his legs working again he was ready, the guy who would feed him his cock showed up, I had the boy get my cock hard, we lubed up his ass, showing the people watching what a pretty ass it really was. Once hard I worked on getting his ass loosened up, his cock was dripping precum all over the place, a few volunteers offered to clean him up. 

"Sorry guys his cock is off limits, he gets fucked from both ends, I want his cock dripping precum all over the place!" I told them.

I lubed up my cock placing it to his hole, he said he had been fucked twice before but I was not sure that was completely honest. It took some time but I finally got my cock lodged in him, sunk to the base. I slowly pulled out, then slid right back in, 

"Feel good boy?" I asked with concern for the boy.

"Yes sir it sure does!" He said beaming with pride.

Our third guy walked up to him dropped his towel, I have never seen a cock that was so huge in my entire life, the boy grabbed it he could not close his hand around it, Paul pulled this massive cock to his mouth, lapping away all the precum accumulated there. He peeled back the foreskin, licking away at the shiny knob, the man had an amazing cock for sure. Paul took the mans cock head in his mouth not being able to take in more, try as he may the cock was to big in size to be swallowed down the boys throat.

I fucked the boy gentle at first, but he soon wanted it harder, faster, he wanted his hole fucked hard, I pounded the boy, I could see my friend wanted at his hole, I pulled out with a pop, 

"Want a go at his ass?" I asked our new friend. 

He did not even reply he simply pulled out of the boys mouth and pointed his huge cock at his hole, with a little pressure his cock slowly slipped in the boys hole. You could clearly see it was more than the boy had anticipated. The man was nice he held his cock there till the boys ass was ready for the huge invasion. I got in position, the boy had my cock deep inside his mouth, when the man pulled out and slowly pushed back in the boys mouth would open wide, not sure if it was pain or pure pleasure but he did not complain, he took it like a man. 

We fucked him for some time, I could see the man was on the edge the boys tight hole was taking its toll on the mans huge penis, his pace soon quickened, he held the boys hips firmly, pistoning his cock in and out of the boys tight hole.

"Oh fuck yes take it, take my big cock son, take Daddy's big load of cum son!" The man said clearly on the edge of orgasm.

The man hammered the boys hole, I could see the pain in his face, but he aimed to please the man, the man flooded him with cum, his load huge. He admitted later he had a hard time to find a man who could take his huge penis, orally or anally, he thanked me and the boy over and over. Once gone I got down to fucking the boys mouth, others wanted to join but the answer was still no.

I soon blew a massive load down the boys throat and mouth, he had cum dripping from both ends now, he sat on the floor catching his breath, 

"So did you enjoy it?" I asked him like I did not really know the real answer.

"Sir it only gets better and better!" The boy boasted.

"Your friends will be asking you all kinds of questions for sure now!" I told him with a sly grin. 

"Oh my yes I forgot about that I really hope he did not call my Mom!" The boy said with concern.

We showered and were on our way, I dropped him off so he could get his car, he had a lot to explain they did call his parents, he dreaded going home.

"Till next time son!" I said as I drove away.