 So the best way to tell this story is be doing it in timeline form. First, I will give some details. I'm a 36 year old white guy living in Atlanta. Former college athlete that played soccer in college. Reasonably successful, having great family and friends. Just over three years ago I met a wonderful woman. We've been together ever since. 

Like a lot of relationships, once you get comfortable you sometimes let things go a bit. For me, I got complacent about working out, etc. My girlfriend and I were workout partners before we started dating. She kept her body up. I didn't my body go completely. However, the six pack abs and tone were no longer there. I gained about 25 pounds as well. On a frame that was normally 5'10 and about 175, to go up to 200 without any working out doesn't look very good. My girlfriend started quietly complaining and then became persistent. After a couple of months, I was prodded to get a personal trainer. 

I decided to scout out a few people at my old gym in Vinings. There were a few that were known to me. I preferred a woman, but the girlfriend put the veto out on that. I asked a few people that I trust on their opinion of who the best was for training to get back to physique I once had. After gathering all the info I could (if you can't tell I can be pretty deliberate about things), all signs pointed to Travis at the gym. 

I've met Travis a couple of times. He's a friendly guy. He wasn't built like a football player. More like a skilled sprinter type. Very similar build to say Tyson Gay or how Donovan Bailey is built. He was recommended as the best for "body sculpting". I decided to start working with him.

Now Travis is a guys guy. Loves College Football like I do. Actually played football at my alma mater's rival as a defensive back. Was about 6'1 and about 190 pounds. He was like most of the meatheads in the gym. Never wore skin tight under armor work out clothes or anything like that. I guess he came across as a bit conservative.

All of Travis' clientele other than I were women. White, black or Asian, you could tell that every single one was attracted to him. Not only because of his looks and body, but also because Travis had a way of teaching and speaking that put everyone at ease. 

We began working out daily at 6pm. I set it up for 5 days a week with an optional day on the weekends if it worked out. Travis was clear that the only way I would get back to where I was previously was to incorporate a better diet as well. I began that in earnest too. 

The workout consisted of cardio, intermediate weight training and augmented class style training. Travis was consummate professional who knew everything about the human body. I learned after a few weeks that he was a Registered Nurse. This helped explain why he literally knew things that other PTs in the gym didn't. 

Working out with Travis was always fun because the topics were always stuff I loved talking about. Football, taxes, and the boobs on the hot chick on the treadmill. I can still look can't I? 

Well, as our PT work continued to progress, I started seeing real results. Thinking that Travis might begin to lighten up on some of the work, instead he got tougher. He pushed even harder each session. That was in nearly every recommendation I got about Travis. He genuinely cared about providing the highest level of support, training, etc to his clients. Meanwhile, the women kept on lining up to work with him. 

I asked Travis if he'd ever partaken. He replied, "Man, I've been tempted, but my old lady will kill me". I thought that was very professional. 

Claire, my girlfriend, noticed that I talked about Travis a lot. She said she thought I had a man crush on him and thought it was cute. She was genuinely happy that I was almost back to my old form though. Our sex life had never been better. 

So you get the picture so far. Well, just before Thanksgiving, we decided to have a party at our condo that we shared. Claire suggested that I invite Travis. I thought it was a good idea. Claire had many, single attractive friends and I thought I could get Travis hooked up pretty easily since he said he had recently become single. 

The party was on a Saturday night. We invited over 40 friends. Brought in catering, some liquor, wine and beer. I knew early on, it was going to be a bit crazy. Claire was drunk by 7pm when barely 15 had arrived. Travis didn't show up until 9pm. As expected, he was surrounded by Claire's friends. He was dressed in dress pants, a shirt and a tie. It was casual, but I guess he wanted to impress.

The party continued on until after midnight. Claire was a mess and most people had left. Still, there were 5 or 6 of us still going. The one drawback with Claire is that she's a messy drunk. She gets argumentative when she's that way. On that cue, all but Claire, her friend Marcy, Travis and I were left. 

Marcy was obviously hanging around in hopes that Travis would make the move. She was sauced as well and was making it obvious. However, after another hour, she couldn't stay awake. Claire walked her upstairs to the guest bedroom. After 20 minutes, I was wondering where Claire was. I went upstairs and found Claire passed out naked on the bed. I quietly tucked her in. I don't even think she stirred. 

I went back downstairs and Travis was cleaning up and washing dishes. I protested, but he insisted. We started cleaning up the condo. I noticed that Travis had taken off his tie and unbuttoned his shirt a bit. It was the first time, I had actually caught myself noticing something like that. I shrugged it off and kept cleaning. It's amazing the mess that nearly 40 people can make. 

Throughout the cleaning, we kept on brushing up against each other. It all seemed innocent, but I felt a slight charge run through me each time. I began washing dishes again while Travis ferried dishes over. He then began drying them. Brushing up against me again. 

We were having our normal conversations like we would during PT sessions. He walked away for a minute. When he came back, he put his hand on my shoulder. I ignored it because I felt the same charge again. He let it linger and began massaging my shoulder. He asked me if I was still having the same shoulder issue from a few weeks prior. I told him no, but he kept massaging. 

He then began massaging with both hands. I couldn't understand what was going on. You see, I've never so much as looked at another man before. I have always been the guy cracking gay jokes or making it obvious that my preference was women. However, I was feeling something.

Travis stepped away again. When I turned around, he was just looking at me. He said, "Your body has really improved. We've got more to do though". At that moment, I looked down and noticed his hard on. It was impossible not to notice beneath his dress pants.  

He then said slowly, "I don't want to alarm you. I never been attracted to a man before, but for some reason, I have been to you since I began training you. I hope that doesn't make you uncomfortable. If it does, you will never hear of it again and I can stop being your personal trainer". 

At first, I was shocked to hear it. Then the wine haze let it soak in. I also think that liquid courage is what caused me to do what I did next. 

I immediately grabbed his hand and led him into the living room. I don't know what was causing me to do what I was doing, but I had to satisfy it. I began unbuttoning his shirt. I was having trouble with it. Travis couldn't wait and literally ripped it off. I will tell you, that his body is perfection. Just perfectly toned. Not a six pack, but an eight pack. Beautifully chiseled, rock hard muscle. I was practically salivating. 

We began kissing. At first gingerly, but then with animalistic passion. I backed away and began unbuttoning his pants. I had never even thought about it in my life before. However, I had to see his cock. I had to hold it in my hands. I had to kiss it. I had to bring him pleasure. 

He then pushed me back. He finished taking off his pants and boxers. As he slipped his boxers off, he had his back to me. His skin is a perfect, very dark, almost coffee color. Yet again, his body is perfection. No wonder so many women swoon over him. 

When he turned around, I gasped. I am not small with a cock that is nearly 8 inches. What was standing out in front of Travis dwarfed my cock. I couldn't help it. My mind was racing. I just kept thinking it was the most beautiful cock there could possibly be. 

I immediately moved towards Travis and pushed him down on the floor. He was trying to take my clothes off, but I told him no. I'd never sucked a cock before, but I was certainly going to try. 

I took his cock in my hands. It was so warm and hard to the touch. It was practically throbbing. It had a huge vein running the entire length of it that was as big around as a large ink pen. Just a glorious specimen of meat attached to a true specimen of a man. 

I immediately kissed the head which got me a slight moan from Travis. I then began kissing the entire length. Holding the cock in one hand while resting my other hand on his stomach. Jesus, that was rock hard too. I was sure my inexperience in all things cock was showing through, but Travis made no noise of disapproval. 

I then took Travis into my mouth.  I had no idea I could open my mouth that wide. I began to gently suck as best I could. I'm a huge fan of deepthroat porn when I watch it and Claire can deepthroat me so I decided to try that. I could barely get a third of his cock into my mouth. I did realize that I have no gag reflex though. 

I kept sucking slowly. Alternating from just sucking, to licking the full length, to occasionally trying to deepthroat his cock. Apparently, I was doing a good job because Travis was leaning back on his elbows just staring at me and occasionally moaning. 

Travis moaned, "This feels so good. I've never been so turned on. Attack it". I took that as a signal that he wanted me be more aggressive. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and licked the head for a few seconds. Teasing it a bit. He leaned his head back and growled, "Attackkkkk it!"

I then slammed back down on his cock as far as I could go. I felt his head pop through my throat and I kept going. I started to feel what felt like a choking sensation, but heard him say "Oh my god". I kept trying to go further. 

I had my eyes closed for some reason. Feeling the girth stretch my throat a bit was actually an amazing feeling. I opened my eyes just as my nose pressed into his base. I pulled back off to hear him gasp, "Yessss. Keep going".

I then began sucking in earnest. Alternating again, but doing things more quickly, agressively. I don't know how it is to deepthroat for everyone, but I do know it got easier each time I went down. Taking down what had to be a nearly 10 to 11 inch cock to the balls actually gave me sense of accomplishment in my wine haze. 

I kept working his beautiful cock. I started to notice when I did one thing as I pulled off from deepthroating him, that he would tense up. I was swirling my tongue as I was pulling off each time and he would literally tense up and gasp. I decided that I needed taste him. NOW!!!

I began going down just a couple of inches and repeated swirling my tongue on the downward and upward strokes. Travis was beginning to tense and twitch with nearly every stroke that my mouth was providing. I also began to feel his cock twitch in my mouth and hand some. 

I kept going. Determined to taste him and hopefully swallow every drop. Travis then began growling, "Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'm cumming man. I cumming!" I looked up and he had a look of pure lust/pleasure. I then felt his cock twitch to a totally rigid point. Then I felt his body shudder and him moan as gobs of his cum begin to fill my mouth. I didn't stop what I was doing. I savored all of it. 

He came so much that I couldn't get it all. It was leaking out the sides of my mouth down the sides of his shaft. I tried to swallow everything he gave me. I couldn't though. I know for a fact I could never cum that much. 

I stayed on his cock for a good minute or two making sure I got everything I could. I then pulled off, not noticing that Travis was fully lying down now. I then gently licked the remaining cum off of Travis' cock and balls. 

We sat there quietly for a few minutes. Not saying a word. His black cock still nearly rock hard resting on his stomach. I was still marveling at his body. 

He then said, "Did we really just do that? We had to of because I haven't had a thing to drink tonight". I simply told him yes and that I didn't regret it. We sat there for another half hour just staring at each other and the ceiling. Hearing the bathroom door shut upstairs jarred us out of our state of disbelief and bliss. 

Travis quickly gathered his clothes. It was unspoken, but he nodded and quickly left. 

I didn't hear from Travis on Sunday and he wasn't at the gym that following Monday. I emailed him on Tuesday to see if he was going to be there. He politely replied that he needed to talk to me before we continued. 

We met for coffee after work. He said that he could not continue in good faith training me without thinking about doing it again. I let him know that I still needed to train and if and when the moment struck, we would take care of it. 

I wasn't actively trying to cheat on Claire with another man. I haven't even so much as looked at another man since that moment either. However, I had an insatiable need to give Travis pleasure. 

Our "sessions" outside of the gym continued for nearly a year until Travis finally got another girlfriend. To this day, Claire never had a clue and neither did anyone else. Those moments were something amazing to me. I never let Travis do anything to me. However, taking care of that beautiful, perfect, glistening cock as often as I could was truly satisfying to me. I do not think I'll ever be with another man. I truly believe this was an isolated thing. 

I hope you enjoyed this story from me. It is 100% true other than the names involved being changed. This happened in 2010 and I still dream about Travis' cock. It was purely beautiful and so was he. 

The End.