 After a long, tiring day at work, the only thing Caleb wanted was to go to bed and have a dreamless sleep. Sadly, being a 22 year old student in college wasn't all parties and sex. No, he had to go to his lectures, work for hours and then return back home to his horny housemate, Jake, who couldn't stop showing his endless love to his girlfriend.

Caleb was more than annoyed when he opened the front door, only to find them both practically dry-humping on his couch. Passing by them, they didn't even notice his presence and continued with their passionate make-out session.

Stumbling into his bedroom, he closed the door behind him, blocking the sounds of the lovers. He was used to their shows of affection, but it was still really disturbing to listen to their moans 24/7. Caleb understood that they loved each other and wanted to experiment more, but he just couldn't get why they had to do it in the middle of the living room when they had a great bedroom to use.

Stripping from his clothes, he grabbed the bath robe hanging on the wall and pulled it over his naked body. With a sigh, he opened the door and as silently as he could, walked to the bathroom.

Caleb jumped in the shower and quickly fixed the water temperature, sensually rubbing at his heated skin. After soaping his body, he started washing his hair attentively and stopped only when the water turned cold about an hour later.

Even though he desperately wanted to jump in bed and fall asleep, he dreaded the thought of walking out of the bathroom. He knew that Jake and Emily would still be there and didn't want to attend to one more of their clotheless events.

Still he had no choice, so pulling at the doorknob, he exited the bathroom only to stop dead at his tracks.

Now he was convinced they had failed to notice his return before.

Emily was lying on the couch, her legs wide opened as Jake rubbed at her womanhood. Caleb could not see his face expression, but from the groans that came from him, he knew he was enjoying himself.

Caleb was both shocked and aroused from the sight of his friends, but most of all he had no idea what he was supposed to do at the moment. The large tent that showed at the robe's front was saying one thing and his mind another. He wondered if it would be a good idea to sit and keep observing, but then his senses came back into place and he rushed to his bedroom. Emily's moans could still be heard as he closed the door behind him and leaned on the hard surface. His dick was as hard as a rock and even the deep breaths he kept on taking couldn't calm him down.

Caleb kept on picturing the scene of his friends doing the dirty in the living room as he let the robe slip from his body and started rubbing at his member. The sounds coming from outside were only making him harder and harder until it was to the point it hurt to move. Standing straight, he kept on playing with his prick and didn't even notice when everything else stopped and only his own groans filled the silence.

Just when he was close to climaxing, someone knocked on his door, making him jump and forget about his previous actions. His body was covered in a thin sheet of sweat, his breath coming in pants.

Not the most presentable way to open the door. He thought bitterly as he wiped at his forehead, pulling the robe back on.

When the door finally opened, he made sure to show only his face and smile at Jake who was still only in his boxers, his hard on standing at attention.

"Hey Caleb! What's up?" Jake asked in the overly cherry tone only he could master.

"Ermm, everything is fine. How are you?" Caleb questioned, trying to be kind even when the only thing he wanted was to push the door closed and continue with his self-pleasuring.

"Great!" Jake grinned at him. Caleb looked around the living room, trying to see if Emily was around and when he noticed she was gone a frown latched to his features "Are you looking for Emily?" Jake asked with a smirk and when Caleb nodded, he continued, "she is actually in my room, do you want to come say hi"

"Nah, I don't want to be a third-wheel again." He laughed even when he still remembered the nights when he would stay at the end of the couch as both of them coo-ed at each other.

"C'mon. We will make sure to pay more attention to you." Before he could start declining again, Jake pulled at his arm, effectively stopping his next excuse. Caleb let himself get dragged, as he tried to straighten the robe enough so the bulge wouldn't be visible.

One second he was stumbling down the hallway and the next he was pushed on the soft bed, his face right in between Emily's bare legs. His eyes widened, his breathing hitched, he could not believe what he was seeing. Even when he felt the warmth of her skin against his face, he still thought that was some weird dream.

"Hi, Caleb!" Emily greeted in a seductive tone, making his dick throb for attention. He averted his gaze from her dripping folds and looked at her face instead.

Emily was a beautiful girl with dark brown hair and big green eyes. He had always found her attractive but ever since he'd met her she had always been Jake's girl, so he never dared make a move on her.

"Emily." He whispered her name, making her moan as his warm breath reached her pussy lips.

Jake touched his shoulder, trying to gain his attention and when Caleb turned to face him, he smiled and started explaining.

"I know it may seem weird, but I think we can try and have a great night together." Caleb raised a brow and looked at him with confusion written all over his face.

"Together?" Receiving a nod from both of them, he asked again just to make sure, "Like the three of us, together?"

Giggling slightly Emily glanced at Jake, before looking at Caleb, "C'mon Caleb, don't tell me you haven't thought about it. It would be ... amazing." She sighed and her eyes glazed over for a moment.

The three of them spent a few more minutes staring at each other, and with one last look at Emily's dripping cunt, Caleb sighed and started pushing out of his position. He really wanted to go through with it, but he knew everything would get more complicated if he did it and he didn't want to risk his friendship.

Before he got a chance to push himself completely, a sudden force appeared on his back, making him fall right in between her legs again. This time his mouth reached her juices and Emily moaned at the feeling of his raged breathing. Not wanting to lose it, she wrapped her legs around his head, not giving him a choice but to stay like that.

After a few moments of hesitation, the temptation became too hard for Caleb to resist it and he poked his tongue out trying to taste her sweetness.

Meanwhile Jake stood behind, watching his housemate pleasure his girlfriend as she moaned, fisting the sheets with her hands. He was more than pleased with his decision to add someone to their sex life and he hardened more and more with every second.

Taking a step forward, Jake grabbed Caleb's robe, pulling it down to show his bare body. He breathed deeply as he traced his friend's spine, hearing a groan in response. Jake had always known about his bi-sexuality, but he had no experience with other guys, so he couldn't wait to start ravishing Caleb's hot body. Kneeling behind him, he reached his hand out, taking his soldier and started stroking at his length. Feeling it pulse in his hand, he fastened his pace and with it the groans from Caleb increased. 

Looking at his girlfriend, he smiled at her lust filled expression. She was biting at her lip as she grabbed Caleb's head, pushing his face even deeper into her vagina. Caleb didn't seem to dislike it as his penis twitched in Jake's hand only making him grin more.

After a few minutes of stroking, Jake couldn't hold himself anymore and pushed his head in between Caleb's legs taking him in his mouth. Caleb let something in between a groan and a moan as he felt the warmth around his shaft. Jake sucked hungrily, trying to push the whole thing inside of his mouth, but with how large his friend's dick was he wasn't even close to reaching his goal. Taking only the head inside of his mouth, he kept on stroking the rest and playing with his balls from time to time, only so he could hear Caleb's moans from above.

"Ughh, I can't hold it anymore." Caleb growled as he emptied himself inside of Jake's mouth. In return, Jake gulped all of the salty juice, moaning as well.

They both stood up, trying to clean their faces from each other's cum. Emily wasn't sure how many times she had climaxed for the night, but with the two beasts in front of her, she knew she was going to continue much longer.

Jake looked at Caleb, his gaze filled with lust and without a warning he smashed his lips against his friend's ones. Caleb was too shocked to react, but he still felt his cock's twitches as Jake's warm tongue invaded his mouth. When Jake realized Caleb wasn't going to start protesting any time soon, he pulled their bodies closer, rubbing them together, making both of them groan in pleasure.

Groping at his ass, he hugged his body even closer, making their hard penises connect with one another. Jake kept on exploring the insides of Caleb's mouth and surprisingly Caleb didn't find it displeasing at all.

Pulling away for a breathe, they both panted as they looked into each other's eyes, "Please fuck me, Caleb." Jake pleaded and with a sigh Caleb pushed him on the bed and stepped behind him.

"I don't know what I am supposed to do." He mumbled, scratching at his neck. Emily jumped out of the bed, rushing past the two and into the bathroom, where she started looking for the lube she had seen earlier. Seconds later, she returned to the bedroom, smiling in triumph as she handed it to Caleb and stated explaining what he was supposed to do.

Caleb had never felt so uneducated before, but as he pushed a finger inside of Jake's tight asshole, the feeling left and a smirk appeared on his face.

Emily hopped on the bed, her ass poking up in a silent pray for Jake's cock. Groaning from Caleb's touch, he placed his penis at her entrance and ever so slowly started thrusting inside of her wet pussy. When he realized one finger wouldn't be enough to stretch Jake's asshole, Caleb added a second one and continued pulling it in and out.

Jake had never felt as good as at the moment. His cock was being squeezed by Emily's tight vagina and the feel of Caleb's fingers inside of him almost made him cum there and then. Still he didn't want to look stupid in front of his lovers, so he continued to fight the need to release and kept on thrusting his dick.

A finger later, Caleb realized he couldn't wait more even if he wanted, so he pulled them all out and walked around the couple in search of a condom. Jake didn't seem so bothered that he could impregnate his girlfriend or even catch some disease, but Caleb was always the responsible one and couldn't let something similar happen to him.

When his cock was secured, he walked back to his old position and started pushing it deeper and deeper in Jake's asshole. The task wasn't an easy one though, with how tight his friend was and how large his penis was, the combination was completely terrible. Jake didn't look like he was about to pause and help his housemate, so with a sigh, Caleb brought his hand back and threw a hard slap at his friend's ass-cheek.

Jake cried out from the surprise and when he turned around, he was greeted with the sight of Caleb's smirking face.

"What!?" he snapped angrily. His ass was still stinging from the pain and Emily was protesting for him to continue.

"Stop for a second, I can't push it in while you are constantly moving." Caleb snapped back, and positioned himself in front of Jake's asshole once again.

Jake, even though annoyed, could understand Caleb's reasoning, so he waited until he felt the head of Caleb's cock inside of him. He appreciated how slow Caleb was moving even when he knew it was hard for him. Ignoring the pain, he pushed back sharply, taking it all in.

Caleb threw his head back, groaning as he felt Jake's tightness. Just when he was beginning to doubt his actions, Jake started moving again and they all moaned in unison.

With new motivation, he started humping at his friend, trying to go faster even when it was almost impossible with how small the space was. It felt like Jake's ass was trying to swallow his cock, but he was determined not to let that happen.

Soon after, he started to feel the symptoms of his climax and he slowed a bit making his thrusts longer. Taking his hands off of Jake's hips, he wrapped them around his waist, hugging him from behind.

Jake felt he was nearing climax as well and when he felt Caleb's slowing he knew what the reason for it was. Emily was moaning so hard, he was just a step away from cumming. When her walls started tightening around him, he just knew he couldn't take it anymore and with one more thrust he shot his juice inside of her. Just now did he realize he had forgotten about the condom and he could only hope the pill wouldn't decide to betray them this time.

When he finally released his load inside of the condom, Caleb could not stay straight anymore, so he let himself fall over Jake's body. He was too tired to even look and thankfully the others noticed it as well and helped him stand up.

After throwing the condom, he cleared himself with a tissue and without another word, jumped in the bed beside the couple. Jake turned his head around, grabbed Caleb's hand and wrapped it around his waist. Caleb smiled at him, kissed his neck and snuggled even closer to his body.

Thankfully Emily decided to help the three of them and pulled the blanket over their bare bodies.

After wishing good night to each other, they all fell asleep with smiles on their faces and even in his dreams Caleb still thought about them.

He was not going to be the third-wheel from now on.