 I met Derek at the Peppermint Club, a new hotspot downtown that caters to bisexuals. I bumped into him on the dance floor while with other partners, but we both seemed to feel the attraction. Later, as he sat alone at the bar, I walked up to him and asked if I could sit down. He smiled at me, and offered to buy me a drink.

He was handsome and charming. We chatted for awhile, but the topic soon turned to sex. He was strictly a Top man, he enjoyed domination and some bondage, but he often had difficulty finding sex partners.

"I think you're very attractive, Derek. It should be easy for you to pick someone up."

"Picking up, yes. But word gets around, eventually."

"What do you mean?" I asked, turning towards him and crossing my legs. 

"Sometimes they get scared off. I'm pretty big," he smiled.

"Oh?" I smiled back, leaning a bit towards him. I was getting excited, imagining what a stud this man might just be. "Just how big are you?" I let my stocking-clad leg brush against his.

"Nine inches. But it's really the thickness that surprises them. I'm seven inches around."

"Oh my Gawd!" I exclaimed. "I'll bet it's beautiful."

Derek smiled back at me, a dazzling, white-teeth smile that made my thighs tingle. We chatted for another hour or so, but I kept inching myself closer to him as the night went on, occasionally touching his arm when he told a joke, or casually letting my legs brush his as I crossed and re-crossed them under the bar. He didn't seem to mind. He seemed interested in me and flattered by my attention.

"I like the way you're dressed," he said. I had gone all-out for my first visit to the Peppermint Club. Full makeup, long curly strawberry-blonde wig, painted nails, a tight fitting, low-cut, short-skirted red micro mini, black seamed stockings, my favorite strappy 5" pumps, and a push-up bra containing my fake 36B cup tits. I knew I looked hot.

"Thank you," I said sweetly, placing my hand on his leg. I leaned towards him and looked directly into his eyes.

"I wouldn't run away from a nine-inch penis."

"You wouldn't?" he asked, looking surprised. 

"No."

"Then what do you say we get out of here and go somewhere where I can make love to you?"

"I'd love to," I said, smiling brightly.

He paid for our drinks while I went to the restroom to freshen up. He was waiting for me as I came out, and he took me by the hand and we threaded our way through the crowd towards the door, getting several leers and stares on the way. I felt very horny, and proud to be seen being led to the door by this stud. Outside, he moved closer to me and slipped his arm around my waist, and whispered in my ear.

"Would it be alright if I take you to my place?" he asked. "I just live across town."

"Anywhere is fine, honey," I said, putting my head on his shoulder.

He had a Porsche with leather seats, and I grew hotter by the minute. I couldn't wait to get to his place and let him ravish me completely. He drove quickly, silently, and I smiled at him. Once at his condo, he pulled the car into the garage, and we went inside. Stepping behind me, he quickly pulled me to him, his hands roaming over my tits.

Before I knew it, my dress was pulled to my waist, my bra was off, and Derek was on the floor beneath me, eating me out. I couldn't believe how good it felt to have his tongue lapping between my legs.

I just had to have this man's cock in my mouth. When he finally stood up, he pushed me to my knees, unzipped his black leather pants, and pulled out his marvelous cock. Not quite hard, it hung thickly above my head. He stepped closer and offered it to my lips.

I watched his face as I slowly engulfed him, pressing my tongue to the underside of his shaft, taking him fully inch-by-inch into my upturned throat. He groaned and quickly began to come up. He had to lean over me, his hands on my shoulders, to get his big dick into a comfortable position to fuck my mouth. Then he began to gently thrust, my fingers on his balls, guiding him.

I loved listening to his groans of pleasure as I sucked his cock. His immense size stretched my mouth to the point of pain, but I forced myself to relax and take him all in. He held my head tightly in his hands as he pumped my throat, and I never even knew he was coming until he abruptly pulled out and put my hand on his shaft.

Derek's cock jerked in my hand, and I could feel the load pumping up his shaft. His cum surged out of the tip in long, hot spurts. I let most of his sperm shoot into my mouth, and the rest hit me on the face and neck. His thick load dripped down onto my tits. I stroked the big erection with my fist to get every drop of his seed out of it. 

"Your come is so sweet," I murmured, using his cock head as a spoon to wipe up the streams running down my neck, and then licking the drops from the tip of it. 

He groaned again and smiled. "I want to fuck you now." 

Derek laid me on my stomach on a pile of large, soft pillows. Gripping them for support, I spread my legs widely and arched my back, angling my hips upward to him. He leaned onto my back, hands on my waist, and smoothly powered his bulbous penis inside me. I felt all the air leave my lungs as he filled my snatch with his massive cock. He pushed down with his strong hands, pinning me to the bed like a fish wriggling on a hook. This move also jutted my asshole upwards, enabling him to penetrate me easily.

I gasped with pleasure and squeezed hard on the pillows as he split me down the middle. He was stronger than he looked, and luckily I was so horny and relaxed from the Tequila that he didn't hurt me. His cock was well coated with his cum and my saliva, and he pushed steadily into my ass, until I could feel his balls.

"Am I hurting you?" he asked.

"Oh, no," I said breathlessly. "You feel sooo good." 

"Good," he said. "I don't want to hurt you, but you feel good, too. You're so tight."

He pulled slowly back out until his cock head made a popping sound when came out. The wide brim of his helmet made me feel like my ass was pulled inside out, but he was immediately going back in. Again, his entry made me gasp, and when he bottomed out, I squealed like a schoolgirl. 

"Ooohh! Yes! Fuck me, Derek! Oh give it to me, baby!"

Staying inside me now, Derek fucked me with long, slow, strokes. He couldn't know how wild that makes me. I thrust my ass back at him, urging him to bang me harder, but he kept his rhythm for a long time. I was going nuts from the sensations. Finally, when I thought my snatch would catch fire, he raised up, pulling me by my hips, and let me bring my knees underneath me. With his hands resting gently on my ass, he went back to those long, deliberate strokes that were taking me out of this world. His thick penis moved in and out of me. I tried to push back onto him, but his strong hands held me just where he wanted me.

"Please, baby, faster! Please fuck me faster. Oh, God! Ram that big cock in there!"

Smacking me on the ass, he squeezed a little harder, and began to slowly pick up speed. The heat and friction between my legs was incredible. Derek's cock was taking me all the way.

"YES!" I screamed. "YES! You're making me cum! Oh, Derek, I'm gonna come!"

Hearing this seemed to turn him on more, because he began to drive me faster and faster, not slowing a bit as I came all over his blue satin sheets beneath me.

"OH GOD! OH GOD! I'm c-c-cumming!"

I love it when a man can make me cum just by fucking me in the ass, and Derek was doing the job quite nicely. His every thrust sent shivers through me, forcing another spurt out of me. When I was finished, I felt myself going limp from exhaustion, but Derek was having none of that. Pushing my chest back down onto the bed, he used the strength of his cock to keep my ass up where he wanted it. He started pounding me incredibly hard, and I could feel his fat head searching so deep inside me.

"How do you like this?" he asked, literally driving me across the bed. "Is this hard enough for you?"

I couldn't answer him. I could only gasp with the pleasure he was giving me, my arms out in front of me holding onto the post of his bed, holding my exposed asshole out to his cock. Just when I thought he was going to break me in two, he roared that he was coming, and rammed his cock deeply into my hole. Pressing me flat onto my stomach, he roared again, and waves of his jism blew into my ass. 

He held me down until his balls were completely emptied, then he gently pulled his cock out, rolled me onto my back, and wiped it across my face. He stuck it back in my mouth so I could lick it clean, tasting myself on him. Then he lay down beside me, breathing heavily, and pulled me into his arms, kissed me on the neck .

Derek's big cock began to soften as it nestled in the small of my back. His fingers and tongue explored my exhausted, spent body, gently roaming over me and sending shivers of lust all through me. I felt so relaxed, so safe, that I don't even remember falling asleep in his arms.