 Ty and I laughed as we walked down the hall of the hotel floor. It had been a great bachelor's party. Being the best man I had been nervous that something would go wrong, but the night had gone perfectly. Ty and I were more than friends - we had been best friends since 1st grade. Ty and Brandon, Brandon and Ty, we were always together. Yet, physically, we were nothing alike. 

I was about 5'10" and white. I had brown hair that curled and a thin build. I had a few tattoos and some piercings. Ty, on the other hand, was mixed race, he had brown skin. And he was big, at about 6'2", he had a football player's thick build. Ty was muscular, with buzzed, black hair. He was more clean-cut, no tattoos or piercings.

We entered the hotel room, and my perfect night hit a glitch. We starred in at a Queen-sized bed. 

"Fuck," I said, "I bought a room with two beds."

"It doesn't matter," Ty said walking in and sitting on the foot of the bed. He grabbed the remote and started flipping through channels.

"It does matter, I ordered what I ordered."

I watched Ty flip through about a dozen channels before I walked towards the room phone.

"I'm going to call them and get our room switched."

"Don't," Ty requested, "I'm ordering porn."

I laughed, "You can't wait for a new room?"

"It's already bought," Ty answered, as I looked up at the TV to confirm. A big breasted woman was getting plowed by a brown-haired guy. 

"Fuck it," I mumbled, as I walked up to the foot of the bed and sat next to Ty. Ty was wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt, while I had on cargo pants and a t-shirt. We sat watching for a few minutes.

"I guess the stripper wasn't enough entertainment for you?"

Ty laughed, "It just got me horny."

"True."

"Hey," Ty began, "why don't we help each other out?"

"Are you kidding?" I asked loudly, we were both a little drunk.

"Come on," Ty continued, "we both have messed around with guys before."

"True," I agreed, "but that was like in high school."

"We're 23."

We laughed as I continued, "Still."

"You have to," Ty persuaded, "it's my last chance."

After a pause, I responded, "You right."

"Me first," I said, throwing off my clothes as frantically as possible. 

Ty chuckled as I popped down on the bed butt naked. My thin body's abs and pecks were well defined in the glow of the room's lights. My seven-inch boner sat on the edge of the bed, as Ty looked me over. 

"Nice dick," he complimented with a smile.

"If I remember, you were packin'," I reminded, "I showed you mine." 

Ty got up and stripped a little more slowly.

Ty's bulkiness was in full view as he stripped off his pants and shirt. I had seen him without a shirt many times, but I had never really taken in the whole picture. 

"Geez," I said, "you're a little bigger than in high school."

Ty smiled as he pulled off his boxers briefs, letting his brown, nine-inch chubby out.

"A lot bigger," I corrected.

Ty sat back down on the edge of the bed. Slowly, we started tugging at our respective pricks, as the porno changed to a threesome scene.

"Hot," I commented. Ty grabbed my hand and put it on his dick. I started jerking his massive meat, as he wrapped his hand around my hard-on. 

Ty's cock felt so big and warm in my hand. I jerked my hand down to its base and then back up to its plump head and continued over again. Ty's hand squeezed my shaft as he jerked it up and down, making me rock hard.

After a few minutes, Ty moved his hand off of my cock and pushed me back against the bed. In one motion, Ty moved his head down to my crotch and engulfed my cock in his mouth.

"Oh, shit," I moaned.

Ty pushed my dick farther back into his mouth, taking almost all of it. His tongue ran over my pole and fat cockhead. 

"Shit Ty," I moaned again.

After another minute, Ty pulled off, and leaned back onto the bed.

I guess that was my cue, I bent over him and wrapped my lips around his thick cock. I forced my moist lips down about seven inches of his meat before pulling back up for air. Each time I went down on him, I went a little farther.

"Fuck," Ty moaned, "Oh yeah."

After a few minutes, Ty pushed me off him.

"It's late," Ty reminded, "let's go to bed."

Ty got up and turned off the TV, and then moved to the top of the bed, pulling down the covers.

I was thrown off track. "Are you serious? You don't want to finish?"

"It's late," Ty offered. I looked at the clock, it read 4:36. 

"Okay," I gave in, "I'll be right back." I stood up and turned in the direction of the bathroom.

"Why are you going there?" Ty asked.

"Why do you think?" I smiled, pointing to my hard-on.

"Leave it for the morning," Ty coaxed.

"Whatever," I said, crawling into bed.

Ty turned off the light and we both laid in bed, as the darkness filled in around us.

"Tonight was pretty close to perfect," Ty said softly, in the darkness.

"Good," I returned, "pretty close?"

"There's something I always wanted to do, and after tomorrow I won't be able to."

"The night's not over," I said, turning towards him. I was curious what was on his mind. I could only see his outline in the pitch blackness of the room, but I knew he was close and looking back at me.

"I've always wanted to try fucking."

I froze, as the words lingered.

"Dude," I finally said, "There's no way that monster of yours is getting in me."

My words met only silence. Finally, I offered, "I'll give you a blow job."

"No, that's not what I meant," Ty's voice broke through the darkness, "I want to get fucked."

"What?" I stammered, even more surprised. 

"Please," Ty asked.

"I don't know..." I needed time to think. 

I could feel Ty move closer to me in bed; his hand gently grabbed my dick, and began jerking it back to life. 

"I want to feel your dick in me," Ty whispered into my ear.

"Okay," I whispered back.

I heard Ty grabbing for something on the side of the bed, he handed me a bottle. I fumbled for a moment in the darkness, but squeezed a little of the lube out, coating my dick. I reached out into the darkness and found Ty a few inches in front of me. He was laying to his side, with his back to me. I inched in next to him, grabbing his large pecs, I pushed my dickhead in between his ass cheeks. 

"You sure?"

"Do it."

I slowly pushed my cockhead past his anus.

"Oh, fuck," Ty moaned.

I paused, but Ty directed, "keep going." I followed, pushing my meat about half way into him. Then I gently began pumping in and out. 

"Do you like my dick?" I asked between breaths.

"Yeah, yeah," Ty moaned, "it's so big. It feels so good."

I lowered my hand and grabbed at Ty's hard dick. I gave his hard-on a few jerks as I fucked him.

Ty's fat ass cheeks pressed against my rod, as his tight ass hugged my dickhead. I could feel all the horniness from the night building inside of me.

"Oh fuck," Ty continued to moan, "that feels so fucking good."

I breathed hard on Ty's neck as I grunted, "I bet you want my cum."

"Not yet," Ty answered, "keep fucking me."

I stayed silent for a moment, and then slowed down my pace, but I could feel the pressure building.

"Don't slow down," Ty moaned, "keep going."

"Sorry, dude," I answered, as I gave a few final hard pushes. "Oh fuck," I moaned, as the cum shot out of my cock covering his insides. 

"Fuck," Ty said, feeling me pulse inside him.

After a few seconds, I pulled my softening dick out of him.

"Sorry," I offered again.

"Don't worry about it...thanks, I'm glad I got to try that."

"Do you want me to get you off?"

"No, I'm cool," Ty said, moving more to his side of the bed, "I'm tired."

That was the last thing Ty said. I had a lot going through my mind, but it wasn't long before I had drifted to sleep.

***

I knew it was time to wake-up. My eyelids couldn't keep the bright sunlight out of my vision. But I fought it, drifting in and out of sleep. Then I heard a sound...water running. It was enough for me to force my eyes open. As my eyes adjusted to the bright sun coming in the window, I looked at the clock - 10:32. The sound was the shower running; I looked over next to me to confirm Ty's absence.

I got up from bed, stretching my body and yawning away the sleep. The first real thought that popped into my mind was regret about the night before. Clearly, Ty had been disappointed. Typically, I wouldn't give a fuck, but that night was suppose to be about him, and be perfect. I looked down at myself and smiled at my morning wood. As I looked around the room, I saw the bottle of lube lying on the bed...and then I got an idea.

The warm water washed over Ty's built body. He rubbed his hands over his thick, brown pecs. His dick hung down impressively, as water ran down it. I pulled up the shower curtain, to Ty's surprise.

"Hey," Ty greeted, "I'll be done in a few minutes."

He hadn't yet noticed my lubed hard-on. "Turn around," I ordered.

Ty looked down and smiled, "It's okay dude."

"You know you want it," I answered. 

With that, Ty followed orders, turning around and using his hands to brace himself against the shower wall. I took a minute to line-up and then pushed my cock into him again.

"Ohhhh," Ty moaned, "shit."

I gently pumped my dick in his ass. His ass was just as tight as the night before, squeezing my cockhead, as I forced it in and out.

My hand slid down and grabbed Ty's thickening bone. I tugged at his cock as I worked mine in his ass.

"Do you like getting fucked?"

"Yeah," Ty moaned, "I like the way your fat dick feels."

"I know you like it," I responded, "Your big cock is hard as fuck." I jerked his cock as I fucked him.

Ty moaned as I pulled my dick out, then pushed it in, then pulled out again. "Ohhhh, shit," Ty groaned.

"Get on the bed," I ordered. Ty and I left the shower and went back towards the bed. Ty laid down on his back, with his ass over the edge of the bed as I bent over him. I held his legs up, as I pushed my dick back into him. 

"Oh fuck," Ty moaned, as his cock hardened against his stomach.

A little at a time, I started pushing more of myself into him, first five, then six inches. Ty felt it, as his moaning got louder and his body began squirming.

Drops of water still glistened on Ty, as I slid my rocket in and out of his ass.

"Fuck," Ty moaned, "So fucking good. Blow that load!"

"You want my cum?" I asked.

"Yeah," Ty moaned, "I want it."

I banged my cock all the way into Ty, causing him to yell out, and then stopped. I leaned down over him, as he laid there with his eyes closed. My head was just inches away from his.

"I'm not going to give it to you," I whispered. Ty opened his eyes, looking into mine, "not yet."

"I can't take anymore," Ty defended.

"You'll take it as long as I want you to," I answered.

Before Ty could respond, I pumped my cock out to its head and banged all of it back in.

"Fuck!" Ty moaned, "Fuck, take it easy." I looked down to see pre-cum ooze out of his cock.

"Fuck you," I answered, "you're hard as fuck. You want it bad."

I began slamming my cock into him deep and hard. I picked up my pace so Ty was yelling out.

"Oh Fuck Brandon," Ty yelled, "Fuck!"

Ty reached out an arm to push me back, but I brushed it away. He was a lot stronger than me, but he couldn't concentrate with my cock ramming his insides. Sweat rolled down my face and chest. 

"I'm going to cum," Ty moaned. His hand reached for his cock, but I pushed it away. I grabbed his cock and started jerking. I matched my pacing, so I was fucking him at the same rate that I was jerking him. After a minute, Ty lost it.

"Oh Fuck!" Ty yelled, as his load busted out of him. He unloaded his warm nut on his stomach, sending his cum rolling down his sides towards the bed.

Watching Ty cum, sent me to the brink. I quickly jerked out of his ass and straddled his body on the bed, positioning my cock over his pecks. "Jerk me off," I ordered.

Ty grabbed my cock and furiously jerked at it. I felt my load filling, as his big hand pulled at my bone. "Ohhhhh," I moaned, as my cum began spraying out, "Fuck!"

My first shot sprayed Ty in the face, as the remaining bursts streaked his pecs.

Ty smiled at me, as my cum slid down his cheek. "That was fucking incredible."

I dropped down to the bed, lying next to Ty.

"So you had a good bachelor's party?"

"It was perfect."