 It was a simple ad in a Yahoo group. It was titled "Will do nude photo shoot", and stated that I would do a nude photo shoot of a male, female, or couple if they provide the location for the shoot. I would provide a cd with the photos after the shoot and I assured discretion. 

It was just a couple of days later that I got a response from a male who wanted some digital photos to place on some Yahoo groups. After corresponding with a couple of emails we agreed to meet at a spot that was convenient for both of us on Thursday of the following week at 10:00 in the morning. 

Thursday came and I told my wife I wanted to go out and explore some of the countryside looking for hunting spots for the upcoming deer season. I loaded my computer and camera into the car discretely and headed out. I got the appointed meeting place at a little before 10:00 and went inside. Jim, the subject for the photo shoot said he would be wearing an Oakland Raiders ball cap, which stands out in this area, since they are not popular. At 10:00 straight up a man about 45 walked in wearing such a cap. I went up to him and asked if he was Jim, he said yes. We shook hands and ackwardly began talking. Neither one of us were use to doing this I suppose. Jim was about 6 feet tall and nicely built, with a slight bulge in the belly area, as we all seem to have. I asked if he still wanted to proceed and he said yes. He told me he was driving a green Explorer and to follow him to his house where we could do the shoot. We went outside and I did just that.

When we got there the first thing I noticed was the fact that he was married. The photos on the tables and the way the house was kept indicated that. I asked him and he said yes, that she worked all day and would not interrupt us. He led me back to the bedroom and said that was where he would like to do the shoot. I said great and asked him how he would like to start, with stripping or straight from nude. He said to start taking photos and he would strip. I got my camera and took one of him fully clothed. The next one was shirtless, and the next shot was with his jeans unsnapped and unzipped and partly open. Before I knew it he was completely naked. One thing I noticed was the fact that his penis was slightly erect when he pulled his briefs down, so this must be turning him on a little, much as it was me. His cock was gorgeous. It was about average length but was uncircumcised. I have never had a bi-experience, but I have always enjoyed looking at uncut cocks. Seeing his semi-rigid cock with the foreskin covering the head was making my cock throb.

Jim mentioned that he felt a little uncomfortable being nude with me fully clothed, and suggested I get nude also. That is all it took for me to jump at the chance. I disrobed in record time and my little penis was fluttering as I grabbed my camera and followed Jim to his bed. He threw back the covers and lay down on the bed. He assumed various poses while I circled the bed shooting pictures. His penis was fully erect by now and he admitted that being nude under these circumstances with another guy was turning him on. He said he had had a lot of bi-sexual thoughts lately and this was turning him on. I looked down at my little 5 inch penis standing rigid on it's own and said that it was obviously affecting me in the same way. 

I asked him if he had ever had any bi-sexual experiences before and he said no and I admitted that I had not either. I suggested that he masturbate while I took some more photos and this might relieve him. He laid back on the bed and began stroking his 6" bone hard cock as I got closer and took some photos. I loved watching his foreskin move back and forth over his penis head. It did not take him long to cum. He shot a wad onto his stomach and I took some photos of that. Now I was ready to shoot my wad after watching him. He grabbed some Kleenex and wiped up the cum on his stomach. As he did so I guess he really noticed my hard on. He suggested I lay on the bed and masturbate myself. I set the camera down and laid down on the bed while he kneeled there beside me. I clasped my hand around my engorged penis and began stroking it. He stopped me by grabbing my wrist and suggested I let him do it. He grabbed my penis and began stroking it now. It took him about five strokes to make me cum. I shot a wad of cum up into the air about two feet and splattered it all over my chest and stomach. He smiled and commented on how quickly I came. He gave me the box of Kleenex to clean up with. When I finished cleaning up he suggested I take so photos of our penises together. I thought that would be a good idea. I suggested that we first get a coke or something and take a break so I would have a chance to recharge.

We both went into the kitchen and he grabbed a coke for each of us as we stood there in the kitchen completely nude chatting and drinking our cokes. It seemed perfectly natural to do so. After about a half hour I thought I might be ready to go again so we headed back into the bedroom. He suggested that he lay on the bed and I get on top and place my penis right next to his and take some photos. He laid down and spread his legs and I climbed between them. My penis was semi-rigid again by now anticipating this adventure and I placed it right next to his and took some photos of them together. He played with them a little rubbing them together and the result was two hard penises so I took some more photos. He asked if I enjoyed oral sex. I said I did of course and before I knew it he was sliding down on the bed to position his face below my penis. He took it and placed the head between his lips, telling me to take some pictures as he did this. I of course did the best I could as I felt his warm lips sliding up and down my shaft and his warm moist tongue flicking around my throbbing penis. I could feel myself getting close to orgasm again, so I stopped him and pulled my penis out of his mouth before I came. I wanted this to last a little longer.

I said, "My turn now."  I moved to his side and bent over and grabbed his rigid tool and began by kissing it, slowly and deliberately, up and down the shaft. I massaged his balls and ran my tongue around the head of his penis. I then slipped my lips down over it and began moving them up and down his shaft. I performed on him like I think I would want someone to perform on me. It wasn't too long before I felt his hips give a little shudder and I knew he was about to cum. I kept my mouth on him and let him fill my mouth with his cum. I held on as long as he came. When he finally stopped pulsing I let the cum slide out and down it shaft. I hadn't gotten to the point of swallowing yet. 

He said it was his turn now and he told me to sit on the edge of the bed. He got between my legs and began slowly sucking on my penis. It felt so good it would be hard to put into words. I let him have his way and he didn't disappoint. I came in a matter of minutes and also shot my cum into his mouth, but he swallowed it all, as I emptied my seed into him. I don't think I have ever felt so consumed before. It was fantastic. 

It was getting on into the afternoon now and he suggested we should probably be getting out before his wife came home. We dressed and I copied the photos I had taken onto disk and gave him his copy before I left.

We both agreed we should do this again sometime and we could keep in touch by email. What a fantastic first photo shoot.