 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

I have to admit, not a lot gone done once I met Fitzy Jnr. I had hoped he could explain the mystery of my father's hidden photo albums, but we ended up fucking more than talking. I had found my old man's albums while I was clearing out my deceased parents' house. In them I saw my dad, who I had always thought was straight, getting his arse pounded by his mates. My uncle was in there too for good measure, getting blowjobs from the same blokes.

Fitzy Jnr., I'd worked out, was the son of one of the men from these albums. I'd invited him over to talk, thinking I could leave him with my useless brother for ten minutes, but when I came home Gav was getting thoroughly fucked by the younger Fitz. Now I found myself naked and kissing Fitzy Jnr. As Gav lay on the living room carpet, breathing heavily and coming down from his powerful orgasm, I reached out and grasped a hard cock that wasn't my own for the first time.

Everything about Fitzy's knob fascinated me. It took all of two seconds for me to break our kiss and sink to my knees, tasting the warm meat. I was surprised by how little it tasted like anything much, although there was a strong smell of sweat and lube emanating from his pubes. I rhythmically bobbed my head up and down, cradling his balls with one hand and wrapping my other hand around the base of his shaft that I couldn't fit into my mouth.

It felt like I had only been at my task for a short time when I felt Fitzy Jnr tap my shoulder and eased me off his tool. A trail of saliva linked my mouth to his glistening cockhead as he gently lowered me to the carpet and proceeded to swing himself around into a 69 position. As his throbbing meat once again filled my hungry mouth I felt him take my own aching cock into his mouth and throat, swallowing the full length of me with practiced ease. I nearly came on the spot but he immediately backed away, releasing my hard member with a pop. He did this several times, while I continued to passionately suck away at his hard-on. Eventually he trailed his tongue down my shaft, past my tightened scrotum and flicked at my arsehole.

I saw stars. I moaned, and the vibrations only seemed to make Fitzy swell more in my mouth. As his tongue probed I felt his hands push my legs and arse cheeks wider, giving him more and more access. His tongue flicked in and out of me and his hips started to rhythmically buck, almost choking me with his meat a few times. He quickly pulled out and rose to his knees, launching his cum across my chest. I stayed where I was, wanking hard, when he reached over and smoothly, slowly drove his index finger into my arse. That was it for me and I blew hard, harder than I normally would, hitting my own lips with little droplets of cum.

Eventually reality set back in and I sat up. Fitzy had already found a towel and helped me dry myself off. As we grinned at each other I was struck by a sudden thought.

Where had Gav gone?

I looked around for my brother, eventually calling out to him.

"Gav? Where are you?" I asked, even as Fitzy Jnr had begun to kiss my nipples and I found, to my shock, that I was getting hard again.

My brother appeared in the doorway, still naked, with his own considerable cock sticking out at half-mast. In his hands was another photo album.

"I found dad's stash." He grinned.

"This one is called 'The Basketball Team'. Come on, let's have a look then." He said, flopping down on the couch and gesturing for us both to join him. The homophobic young dickhead who had walked in the door this morning was apparently completely gone, as Gav swung a leg over Fitzy's thigh and one over mine, his hard-on jutting up proudly between us.

This album was a bit shorter than the others, but it was in the same vein. There was our dad, Fitzy's dad, the unknown blonde man and several other men standing together on a basketball court in matching players' uniforms, looking proud. My uncle was there too, a basketball cradled under his arm.

There were a few more shots of the men playing, then one of them all in the locker room looking proud as punch and holding a giant trophy. They were, of course, naked, and my father and the blonde man both had clear erections, as did a few of the other gentlemen.

The next photo showed the entire team with hard-ons standing behind their coach, who was kneeling beside the trophy and was the only dressed one amongst them.

The next few photos seemed innocent enough, just some more locker room hijinks. My mother was even in a few of the photos, and Fitzy pointed out his mum too. But in the background of some of the shots we could see the coach in the showers getting penetrated from both ends by the players.

The final shot made our jaws drop. Our dad, Fitzy's dad and our uncle were locked in a daisy chain of cocksucking on the floor of the locker room. Standing around laughing and pointing were the rest of the team...and our mothers.

"Mum knew about this?" Gav asked, shocked.

"Fuck me." I muttered in genuine surprise.

"Yeah ok." Said Fitzy Jnr. Before I could interpret what he meant, he was off the sofa and had flipped me around. I felt the pressure of his cock against my arse, then a bit of pain, and then a wave of pleasure as he struck something deep inside me I'd never known about.

As Fitzy proceeded to stretch and work my insides I looked over at Gav, sitting on the other end of the sofa, wanking hard, alternating between watching me get fucked and looking at the pictures in the book.

Eventually I couldn't handle Fitzy's huge cock anymore as my prostate swelled and pulsed. I gasped and moaned and came hard on the sofa. Looking over at Gav, he was launching his own fountain of cum on the pillows to match mine.

Fitzy pulled out of me, leaving me feeling strangely empty, and both Gav and I instinctively dropped to our feet as he jacked out a load onto our faces. Gav caught me totally by surprised by licking Fitzy's juice off my cheek and lips, ending in a not-very-brotherly kiss.

I remember collapsing onto the sofa and not waking up until much later in the afternoon. There was a note on the fridge from Gav, saying he had to take off again and that Fitzy was gonna look into his connection to our dad, but that was it.

Feeling a little abandoned in the dark empty house, I sat down and stared at the kitchen table for a bit, still trying to process everything that had happened.

Was Gav gay? Was I? My arsehole was throbbing with a strangely satisfying pain, so that must mean something. I decided to busy myself with a bit more of the packing up, but by dinner time I felt exhausted.

I was ready for an early bed, but a throbbing in my loins as I passed dad's study made me pause. I decided what the hell, this week had clearly unlocked something in me, and I might as well explore it. I went in and found there was only one album left.

"Games Night" was the title. My cock already hard, I decided to take the album to bed with me...