 True to her word Chelsea had managed to find not one, but three people who wanted Becca to take pictures of their sexual exploits - and that was just for starters. It had taken her less than a day. Chelsea kind of became Becca's little manager, and Becca insisted on paying her for it since she was the one bringing Becca clients. She'd also drawn up forms of consent so that none of these people could sue Becca or her. Not only that, but she was taking care of finding the people who would be willing to fulfill these fantasies of the clients - and usually not for money either. They just wanted copies of the pictures as well. 

It seemed so strange to Becca that this would be something which would catch on... she couldn't imagine wanting someone to take pictures of her having sex. Then again, she didn't really have any strange hidden fantasies - although she was starting to wonder about anal sex now. 

Looking at the schedule Chelsea had written up for her it looked as though this was a guy - a straight guy (so he said) - that wanted to be fucked by a group of men. Shaking her head Becca wondered how he thought he could be straight when that's what he wanted... but she wasn't being payed to judge (or to speculate), she was being paid to take pictures. From the noises in the dressing room it sounded like there were already several guys there, waiting on her client. 

The door opened and she looked up and smiled at the nervous looking guy who walked in. He definitely didn't seem to be the type of person who would have a sexual kink like this; he looked to be about 30 years old, respectable wall-street type, glasses and a suit. 

"Hi... I'm Henry," he said, shaking hands with her.

"Becca... um, the guys are in the other room, just go ahead and get undressed and I'll go get them." she cursed herself a little for the awkwardness of her words, but he didn't seem to mind. In fact, she'd barely said the words before he was scrambling out of his three piece suit. 

There were 6 guys in the other room, all pretty attractive although very varied in their looks. Becca smiled at them, "Hey guys, Henry's here so you can come on out and start the party." Yes... that definitely sounded better than the awkwardness that had accompanied her with the man himself. Turning back she saw him already on hands and knees, watching excitedly as the six guys came out and looked him over. Looking him over herself she realized that he was actually very attractive, kept himself in good shape (long limbs wrapped with sleek muscle but without the heavy build of some men.) and brown locks of hair that fell in his eyes. Immediately he was surrounded by a very mixed group of men. Two of them were black, one was Spanish, two had blonde hair and one had brown. Before she'd even picked up her camera Henry was already sucking on the Spanish guy's dick and one of the blondes was behind him, sticking fingers that were coated liberally with KY into the man's asshole. 

*click*click*click*

Saliva coated the Spanish guy's dick as Henry happily swallowed it fully down his throat, looking absolutely ecstatic at this chance to eat meat. Becca got quite a few pictures of that, both his expression and the way the dick bulged in his throat as he actually swallowed its entire length (she was impressed, it was a feat she'd certainly never accomplished), and then moved around behind him. After allowing her to take a few pictures of his fingers sliding in and out of the tight hole, the blonde grinned at her and placed his dick at the entrance. With one fluid thrust his greased cock was completely buried in the business man's ass... more pictures *click*click*click*

Around this scene the other men were stroking their own dicks, watching as the two in Henry pumped away. Reaching out with one hand Henry grasped a large black dick and began to pump it on his own, moaning ecstatically around the dick in his mouth while he was pounded from behind. 

Becca felt decidedly odd walking around in her negligee with not a one of the men paying even scant attention to her. The only reason they noticed her was to pose for a particular shot or to get out of her way... and they also courteously never blocked the long view of the camera on the tripod. It felt almost surreal as the three men who were having sex all shuddered, she snapped plenty of pictures of frothy cum dripping from Henry's lips - he hadn't been able to swallow it all. One quick picture of his gaping ass and then it was suddenly filled with the black cock that he had been fisting while one of the brunettes took a turn in his mouth. 

The room was filled with sucking and fucking noises, groans and whimpers. As she took the pictures her brain noted that he looked a bit like a hog on a spit, two dicks skewering him through the middle. Walking around him she realized that Henry was hard as a rock and she took a few pictures of that too - noticing her interest the blonde that had formerly been in Henry's ass gripped the shaft of his hanging penis and slid his hand up and down it a few times. Within seconds it was spurting white cum onto the floor and Becca got plenty of pictures before moving back up again. While Henry had been cumming the guy in his mouth had also cum (the heady vibrations of moaning around his shaft had been too good for him to hold out) and had been replaced with the other black guy. Becca admired the pleasing aesthetic of darker skin against lighter skin, taking plenty of pictures that would show off this contrast as the two men fucked. 

A few minutes later Henry's ass was filled with another load of cum, this time when Becca took the picture some of the white fluid was leaking out. When the other blonde shoved his dick into that sloppy hole some of the semen in it was forced out. Feeling nauseous and aroused at the same time Becca took some pictures of the white globs trickling down the men's balls as they slapped against each other. Henry was hard again and when she moved around to his front she could see cum actually coating his chin and dripping onto the floor.

On and on it went, all the guys took at least two turns until the man in the center had swallowed almost 10 loads of cum (a few had ended up on his face and in his hair) and white fluid was coating his entire backside. Becca felt disgusted and jealous... she was horny as hell, it had been almost 2 hours now and this guy in front of her had been getting fucked pretty much non-stop while she just had to stand there and watch. And photograph it. She was very turned on even though thinking about the amount of cum that he had swallowed made her want to gag. 

Finally all the men were completely wiped out and Henry looked to be on the verge of collapsing.

Thoughtfully, she offered him the use of her shower before her had to go. 

***********************

Talking about the experience later to Chelsea she admitted that she wasn't sure if she was up to this... she felt like such an invader. Even if the money was terrific. Chelsea talked her into continuing though, she'd already promised those other 2 people and Chelsea had found another five that wanted in! Five!! Becca couldn't believe it... tallying up the money in her head she realized that if this continued she'd be very well off in a very short amount of time. Especially because Chelsea had upped the price quite a bit and was charging extra for various requests due to their extremely kinky nature.