 Uli lived in a house a few minutes away from the intersection, where I started my trek uphill and then rode down in Uli's BMW. I could tell Uli wanted to go beyond our make out sessions in the car, but I was going to play the role of straight guy and see how far either one of us was going to push the envelope. There was some sexual tension in the air as we exited the car and entered his house.

"Möchten Sie etwas zu trinken?" Uli asked.

Before I could reply, Uli headed to one of the cupboards and retrieved two shot glasses and a bottle of Asbach. Asbach, I was screwed because that is my favorite German liquor and I get awfully naughty when I get some in me. I had no idea how long I was going to stay in the straight guy role once I started drinking Asbach.

Uli told me to sit at the table as he set the shot glasses down and then opened the bottle of Asbach and poured a double shot in each. He grabbed both glasses and offered me one. I gave him that innocent look that told him I knew that I should not because it was something taboo. Uli was firm and held the glass out to me that I reluctantly grabbed with a trembling hand. 

He tapped his glass against mine and said, "Prost!" 

We tilted our heads back at the same time and downed the savory liquor. Fuck, I wanted to drink that whole bottle, but asked for a cigarette instead as Uli poured us each another double shot. I knew he wanted to get me drunk and then sexually violate me, which I was really looking forward too.

After the sixth double shot, I was well lit, and that is when Uli made his move again and started with the passionate kissing. This time, I reciprocated a bit more and Uli kissed me longer and started to fondle my muscular chest and upper abs. He pulled back but kept his arm around my shoulder and asked again if I liked kissing a man.

I slowly raised my right index finger to my mouth and gently bit on the tip. I maintained my innocent slut look and barely shrugged my shoulders. Uli knew he was working me in his direction and reached up, grabbed my wrist and lowered my hand. Uli started kissing me again. This time I reciprocated even more which in turn made Uli even bolder; his hand still on my wrist, he pulled it toward his crotch. 

He guided my hand and I felt a thick bulge, which was his cock. I was done with the charade, pushed Uli back against the and quickly undid his pants and started sucking him off. Hot, thick globs of Uli's cum filled my mouth as I whimpered like a wanton whore.

I quickly pulled my hand back as if touched a hot stove and stammered out, "Was zum Tuefel machst du da?"

"Was? Was meinst du?" Uli was shocked that I had asked him what in the fuck was he doing, then pulling my hand away from his thick dick.

I drunkenly stood up and told him that I was going home, but I nearly caved in as Uli had a genuine hurt expression on his face. We stared at one another. The silence was deafening and then he finally spoke and played it cool.

"Es tut mir leid. Ich dachte du genießt es uns küssen." Uli thought I was enjoying our make out session, but apologized for his actions. He looked down at his empty shot glass and rolled it between his hands, then set it down on the table. 

I told Uli to forget it, but then I lied and told him I was no whore, where the opposite is true; I am a slut and a whore in one and Uli was going to find out soon enough! 

Uli looked down when he asked me to stay and that he would get a pillow and a blanket for me to sleep on his sofa and as promised, would drive me to my apartment in the morning. This time, I reached for the bottle and poured us two doubles, grabbed both and extended his to him. He looked up and reached for his glass. I told him that was cool and really appreciated his offer and would pay him back. He waved me off and said no need to pay him back. Uli, Uli I thought to myself, I am going to pay you back like you would have never imagined. We touched glasses, said cheers and drank our respective shot. Uli stood up and told me to follow him to the front room. I asked him where the toilet was located, he told me and I made my way there as he disappeared to get a pillow and blanket.

Inside the bathroom, I undid my pants quickly and started stroking myself. Fuck, I wanted Uli bad and more than ever. Feeling his thick cock over his pants was hot and I could not wait to see it and have it in my mouth. I forced myself to stop stroking or I was going to cum and I wanted to save that for later. A knock on the bathroom door and Uli asked if I was ok. I flushed the toilet, took a deep breath and opened the bathroom door.

Give Uli credit. He was standing outside the bathroom door in loose fitting sweats and a dark t-shirt. He turned and I followed him back to the front room where a blanket and pillow waited for me on the sofa. Uli bent down at his waist and his sweats seemed to lower a bit as I saw his ass crack. I stared and knew right then and there, if those sweats fell off, it would be a game changer and I was going to drop to my knees and give him head. This time for real and not like I imagined it in the kitchen!

Uli's sweats stayed on, but he made no effort to raise them up. I was disappointed when they did not fall down. Uli said his goodnight and walked back to his room. I watched to see where he entered and then shut the door. I started to take off my boots and socks, followed by my pants and shirt. My boxer briefs stayed on and I admired the thick outline my cock made against the fabric. I quietly crept to the kitchen and saw the bottle of Asbach and twisted the top and took a healthy swig. The burning sensation of liquor cascading down my throat was delicious, like a cigarette, but nothing compared to hot cum! I was done with my straight guy role and now donned my true slut and whore titles, exited the kitchen towards Uli's room.

I stopped outside his door and could see that he had a table side lamp on, so obviously he was still awake. I gently knocked on his door and heard scrambling on the other side and what sounded like a laptop being quickly closed. I thought to myself, 'are you being a naughty boy Uli?' I reckoned that he was watching porn on his laptop and jerking that thick cock of his. I quickly opened the door and stepped inside his bedroom. 

"Was machst du hier?" Uli asked in disbelief, just as he pulled the sheet over his raging hard on.

Uli asked what I was doing in his room, but I placed my index finger to my lips, telling him not to say anything, I was going to show him what I was doing in his room. I shut his door and then sexily sauntered to the side of his bed. His eyes widened when he saw the thick outline of my hard cock in my underwear. I knelt on his bed and reached for the sheet, pulling it back, exposing Uli's very thick, clean shaven, uncut cock!

The head was extremely thick as it formed a gorgeous outline against the foreskin. The slit of the tip was slightly visible and I reached for his thick shaft. His cock was warm and inviting and I stroked it gently, watching the foreskin expose the thick, bulbous head and then snap back over it as I stroked it forward. Out of my peripheral, I could tell Uli was about to say something, I looked at him and he said nothing.

Pulling the foreskin back, I mouthed the thick head, slid my tongue out and gently rubbed the tip of my tongue against it. I gently wrapped my lips around the thick shaft, but never really sucking hard on it. This was driving Uli crazy as my mouth was on his cock, but only gently. He started to buck up and down. I knew he wanted more and I was ready to give him more, but not yet.

I continued my mouth teasing by sliding my hand down his cock and gently, but firmly grabbed his huge, shaved balls and pulled downward, raising his cock I mouthed his quivering cock up and down the entire shaft. I would almost place the thick head in my mouth, but did not. Now I started loud kissing up and down the shaft and then concentrated my kisses on his cock head.

Uli begged out in English, "Please!"

I ignored his pleas for me to place his cock inside my mouth, although I desperately wanted to as much as he did! I started using more of my tongue and licked up and down the shaft again and then all around the thick head, getting it very wet with my saliva and his pre-semen. My mouth covered the tip of his thick cock and Uli bucked upwards to slide it in my mouth, but I did not let him as I pulled back. 

"Fuck!" Uli said in English, although with his German accent it sounded more like Fah-ck!

Uli's curse word was alluding to the thick string of saliva and pre-semen dangling from the tip of his cock to my lips. Now I was ready to slide my mouth over his cock and give him the blow job he needed and deserved. Placing both of my hands at the base of his hard cock, I started going south on his beautiful dick, but not placing the entire head inside my mouth.

Uli reached over with his hand and aimed his cock to my mouth and I swallowed the entire head in my mouth and moaned. I gave him a sideways glance as I continued to moan out in sheer delight! I started bobbing up and down, but just on the head and gauged Uli's reaction. From the expression on his face, he was melting and ready to explode in my mouth. I continued the shallow bobbing and felt his cock twitch. I swallowed his cock all the way down.

Uli's hand found its way to the back of my head as he came hard. The spurts were thick and forceful and I worked hard to keep up and swallow every delicious drop of his man juice. Uli's hand went limp as his balls finished unloading in my mouth. Slowly, I slid back up his cock and finished cleaning him off and gently laid his cock on his abdomen. I showered his limp, but still thick cock with loving kisses.

Uli was spent and his body jerked at each loving kiss I planted on his cock. I even kissed his balls and gently sucked them in to my mouth and then let them plop out. I flopped down next to Uli and he turned his head looking at me.

"Du bist eine Schlampe."

I know I am a slut, and I enjoy when my lovers tell me, and Uli was no exception.