 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Reclining on the bed, I opened the second of my late father's secret photo albums. The first one had shown him and his mates on a camping trip, and in between all the normal innocent blokey photos were a few explicit shots of my dad and uncle having sex with two other men.

At first that had shocked me, and then I was shocked again that it had aroused me. I'd never thought of other guys that way but I found myself jacking off to the images over and over. My heart was pounding as I read the title of the next album, "Fitzy's Bachelor Party", and opened to the first page.

This album was slightly different from the last. There weren't just the four men I had seen on the camping trip, there were now at least a dozen more, all celebrating Fitzy's night. I assumed Fitzy was the redheaded man who was quite drunk in most of the photos. I recognised him from the previous album as the guy who had fucked my father in the tent. Fitzy was sitting on a chair on a stage at one point, receiving a lap dance from a stripper, and the photos quickly developed into a more debauched image. Fitzy was still sat on the stage but now the stripper was sucking his impressive hard-on, in front of all the assembled men who were cheering and spilling their beers. In the next photo my father had joined them on stage, trousers down around his ankles, and was fucking the stripper as she tried to take in more of Fitzy's meat. Some of the men in the crowd had fished their own erections out of their shorts and were shamelessly wanking to the scene on the stage.

I turned the page and saw that Fitzy, the stripper and my father had been joined by my uncle and the blonde man from the previous album. Fitzy was still getting head from the stripper, but now his mouth was full of my uncle's cock. At the same time, my father had not changed positions, but from the looks of it the blonde man was now behind him, ramming his arse as he fucked the stripper. Many of the men in the crowd were still wanking to the sight and laughing.

The rest of the album was fairly straightforward, but I did manage to learn Fitzy's real name- Alexander Fitzsimmons- from a wedding invitation in one of the photos.

Overcome with lust again, I quickly masturbated to the photos before falling fast asleep...

In my dream I was standing in the crowd watching Fitzy up on stage with my family, the blonde man and the stripper. I was wanking to the hot sight, as were the men either side of me. Suddenly I felt a hot dampness on my right leg and realised the man next to me had cum, spilling his seed on my thigh. I felt another blast of jism strike my left buttock, as a strong hand guided me to my knees. Another man in the crowd turned and blew his load on the left side of my face, then another blasted onto my chest. The crowd parted and Fitzy himself stepped forward, his knob jutting out like a lance as he strode up to me. I opened my mouth...

...and woke with a cry. I had cum again, coating myself in the mess. I looked at the clock. 3 a.m. I knew I'd be unable to get back to sleep so I threw the sheets in the washing machine and jumped on the computer. I found myself researching Fitzy, trying to find out more about him. He was a local lad, married with one son, and both Fitzy and his wife had passed away a few years ago. After an hour or so of debating it in my head, I decided to try and get in touch with the son. I found him easily enough and sent him an email, explaining I was cleaning out my father's things and I had found photos of his father, and that I wanted to know more about who he was and his friendship with my dad. It all seemed innocent enough to my brain, and after I sent the email I felt ready for more of a rest.

I woke late with yet another erection. I couldn't believe how horny I was lately, but I chalked it up to my newfound sexual interests. My phone showed a missed call from my brother Gavin and a reply to my email from Fitzy Jnr, saying he was in the neighbourhood today and he could drop by for a chat. I quickly responded that would be great, sent him my phone number and threw out a random time for him to come by. I jumped in the shower and soon found myself wanking once again. I even probed my arse with a soapy finger, getting my entire middle finger in me before I heard a shout from the bedroom.

Panicked, I rushed in wearing nothing but a towel, still half-hard. Standing in the bedroom, looking at the pictures in the photo album with disgust, was my brother Gavin. Gav was in his typical ripped blue jeans and tight t-shirt, always trying to impress the ladies with his physique, his lanky black hair swept slightly behind his ears but not enough.

"What the fuck is this?" he asked, staring at me in shock.

"This is dad, isn't it?" he continued, showing the photo of our father, uncle and their mates going to town on each other and the stripper.

"What are you doing here?" I asked, trying to hide my bulge.

"I'm here to help you clean the place up. I tried to phone you this morning to tell you I was coming but you didn't pick up." He explained, not letting go of the photo album.

"Now what the fuck is this?" he reiterated, waving the album around in one hand like a southern Baptist preacher.

"I... I found it the other day. It was hidden in dad's study. I don't really know what it means." I said, neglecting to mention the other volumes. Somehow it felt like Gav was spoiling things, as usual.

"It means dad was a poof!" he retorted, looking at the photos again.

I winced. I hated slurs like that, even if it was a shocking discovery to find out your old man liked blokes.

"Look, I found the son of the redheaded guy in the photos. He's coming round later today, I'm hoping he can shed some light on this." I explained, trying to find some clothes and get dressed without showing Gavin my half-bar.

"What, why? Why would you tell anyone about this?" he said. He was really getting worked up.

"Look, Gav, I want to get to the bottom of this, alright? It's weird we never heard of these guys, it's weird dad used to fuck them or get fucked by them or whatever, I want to know more." I snapped at him. Somehow Gav just pissed me off, even when I could see where he was coming from.

"This is so weird. Dad's a poof." He said quietly.

Eventually, Gav calmed down into kind of a sullen contemplation. He just sat at the kitchen table looking at the album and shaking his head in disbelief. I ended up doing a lot more cleaning that day and avoided dad's study, as I didn't want Gav to see the other albums. Eventually my phone chimed with two appointment reminders. I looked over it and swore.

"What?" Gav said, not taking his eyes off the photos.

"I've got this Fitzsimmons guy- the redhead's son- coming around soon, but I have to go meet with the realtors now. I'll be about half an hour, can you just talk to him a bit before I get back?" I asked, praying Gav would be reasonable and help for once.

"Sure, no worries." He said, still not taking his eyes off the album.

"Great, thanks mate!" I shouted as I raced out of the house to the meeting.

The meeting was fine, lots of boring paperwork and some discussion about how I was progressing with cleaning the house. I got out of there a little later than I'd planned but figured Gav could handle entertaining someone for twenty minutes without completely collapsing.

I raced back to the house, pulled into the driveway and quickly unlocked the door, striding into the living room possibly a little too eagerly. Which is probably why I caught Gav and Fitzy Jnr the way I did.

Fitzy Jnr was sitting in a comfy old armchair, completely naked except for some workboots. Bouncing up and down on his thick cock (which looked at lot like his dad's, I couldn't help but notice) was my own brother. Gav's hard knob was rhythmically flopping up and down and smacking him in the stomach. The men were arranged in such a way that Gav was facing away from Fitzy and towards me, so he looked me right in the eye as Fitzy hit his sweet spot and he groaned, spurting huge ropes of cum without ever touching his member. As Gav convulsed in his orgasm, still impaled on that monster organ, Fitzy looked over Gav's shoulder and saw me for the first time.

"Oh. Hi." He said, a little sheepishly.

"Hi mate, nice to meet you..." I said, striding across the room and discarding all of my clothes as I went. I got right up to Fitzy Jnr and planted a big, wet, passionate kiss on him, while Gav was still panting and shuddering out of the last of his cum. Fitzy and I tongue wrestled hard, eventually pulling away for air.

"Now, about these photos..." I began.