 Chapter 49: Flight of Fancy

"Mnnnhh..." Merrick moaned in his sleep as he turned over in the tent. Adam watches as he sits up, looking a little worried about his blonde beauty. He reaches over, and gently stroked his golden hair, along his ear, and on his soft cheek. He sighed as he got up, and left the tent. He stretches a bit and straightens his back, feeling the hot sunshine hit his face.

He walks across the campsite - a black pit in the middle of the fenced lot, about 20 tents are arranged in a large circle, most people talk amongst themselves, some fully clothed, and some of them nude or otherwise clad in skimpy pieces. Adam walks to one of large tubs of drinks - large cylinders with bottles of water, soda, powerade swimming in icy water.

He bends over, and pulls out three bottles of freezing water, "Yo Adam!" Jamal called out. Adam turns and smirks as he sees Jamal in his speedo.

"Hey Jamal. Life Guard again?"

"Just earning a couple of extra bucks. Where's Merrick?"

"He's still asleep."

"Ha, sleepin in, eh?" 

"Yeah... Since yesterday afternoon." Adam said.

"What?"

Adam sighed as he walked up to Jamal, "When he and I set up the tent yesterday, we, you know, fooled around a little bit."

"Aight, details." Jamal said. Adam scoffed and swatted his arm. 

"Anyway, after we finished he just... Passed out."

"Was he drunk or something?"

"No, he just gave me a blowjob, and then he just dozes off right after."

"And he hasn't woken up yet?"

"No, not even for dinner last night."

"Maybe he just tired," Jamal shrugged.

"I don't know... He's never slept in this late."

"He dehydrated again?"

"Maybe..."

"Ah man... Well you take care of him. I just came git dressed, then I'mma head up to the ship." 

"Oh, wait then, Jamal!" Adam held onto his strong arm to turn his head.

"Yeah?"

"I need a favor."

"Aight," Jamal turned back around, "What'cha need?"

"You're good with people, right?" Adam asked. Jamal broke into a grin.

"Mo than good, yo."

"Not THAT kind of good," Adam said rolling his eyes, "There's someone I need you to find for me."

"Yeah?"

"A girl about this tall" Adam held his palm flat and held it up, "Dark red hair, got a heart tattoo on her arm."

"Ok, but why?"

"Merrick says she's a mermaid." 

Jamal raised his brows at that, "Fo real?"

"Yeah. That tattoo on her arm? It's the EXACT same symbol on the back of Merrick's neck."

"Ho shit." Jamal said, "That mean she a rogue too, right?"

"Yeah, for getting with a human - I saw her kissing a guy, so she's probably straight or bi. He's been trying to find her so they can talk, but he keeps missing her. So... Could you keep an eye out for her, and if you see her, use your ol' Dark Charm to get her to see Merrick?"

Jamal chuckled, "Count on it, bro."

"Cool, thanks." Adam walked back over to his tent, and smiled at his half-naked boyfriend. He crawls into the tent, just as those eyes started to peek open. He leans in to kiss Merrick's cheek, "Hey, sleepyhead."

"Mmmnnn..." Merrick breathed deeply, and stretched on the sleeping bags, "Ahhh nnnhhh... I feel like I've been asleep for moons."

"Naw, just almost a full day." Adam said as he snuggled down to his lover. 

"Mmnnn... Really? ... I remember..." Merrick smiled as he reached down a little, and started to deftly grope Adam's groin, "I was sucking on your cock..." Merrick's hand pressed in to feel so he can feel Adam's genitals through his trunks, "Your dick was so hard..." Adam blushed as he felt his member start to perk, "And you were moaning... Moaning... And then you shot your load inside my mouth..." Merrick groaned a little before he stopped fondling Adam, and rubbed Adam's tummy.

"You're such a little tease," Adam said as he rubbed along Merrick's bare hip, "But seriously... You were out cold the whole time... I couldn't even wake you up for dinner last night."

"Mmm..."

"Were you dehydrated at all?"

"I dunno..." Merrick sleepily replied, "I didn't feel weak or dizzy... Just so tired..."

"Well, here," Adam pressed one of the dripping bottles up onto Merrick's face.

"Ohhh, that's so good~" Merrick moaned. Adam blinked, and saw that the wet part of Merrick's face was starting to turn light blue.

"Uh-oh, you're changing." Adam said.

"Oh, I am?" Merrick said as he touched his face, and looked as his fingertips turn silver. He plucked up the scale of his necklace, and saw that it's completely transparent with a grey tinge, like a small flake of glass, "Did you bring the others?" Merrick sat up and unhooked his necklace.

"Yeah, right here," Adam dug in his pocket, and brought out a small velvet pouch, hearing light clinks within it. Merrick removed the expired scale from the chain, just as Adam fished out a fresh, gleaming blue one.

"This one lasted longer," Merrick said as he took the new one, "Atarah's getting better at making these."

"Does it ever hurt when you pluck one off?"

"A little," Merrick said as he worked the tiny metal ring from the old scale, and into the new one, "It's like picking off a few strands of hair. At least wearing scale keeps me safe." He reconnected the necklace around his neck, and the blue smudges on his face and fingers immediately vanished. "Ok, how do I look?" Merrick asked.

Adam leaned in, and licked the droplets on Merrick's face. The merman giggled harshly as Adam lapped and meshed his lips against that face.

"As beautiful as you are when you're wet."

"Hehehehe," Merrick giggled as Adam nuzzled and kissed his neck. "I love you, Adam."

"I love you too, honey." Adam replied. He unzipped the tent, and crawled out, followed by his lover. Merrick held hands with Adam as they went to the entrance of the campsite, and left. A couple of guys passed by, and gave Merrick a whistle.

"Nice look~" One of them said. 

Adam turned, and realized that Merrick isn't wearing anything below the waist! Only his wife-beater tanktop "Merrick!" 

"What?"

"You're no wearing any trunks, or speedo!" Merrick looked down, and then back up, and shrugged.

"So?"

"So?? Just... Shouldn't you wear something at least?"

"What's the big deal? Half of everyone here isn't wearing anything."

"I-I dunno..."

"Why?" Merrick said with a grin coming on, "Don't you like all the guys looking at you and me? Jealous to have boyfriend who'd gladly dance naked on the sand?"

"Merriiiick" Adam said, blushing.

"In fact, you know what," Merrick pulled at the bottom of his shirt, and tugged it over himself.

"Oh my god, babe," Adam's face felt hot as Merrick tossed the shirt away. 

"What's the matter, honey~?" Merrick said as he put his hands behind his head, "Too little or too much~?" He can't stop smiling, almost getting a kick out of embarrassing Adam. 

"Too... Everything." Adam whined.

"Oh, don't be a clam." Merrick said as he started to walk off.

"What does that even mean??"

Merrick turned around, "You're clamming up? Come on, what else would I mean?" He chuckled as he ran up to the shore. Adam blushed and smiled as he followed him. He took note of Jamal walking along the docks, toward the ship...

The merman sprinted to the beach, and fell onto the golden sand. He rolled and tumbled onto the warm grains, laughing as he tossed the sand around. Adam grins as he looks over that light body. He squat down to give that bubble butt a swift slap. Merrick whips around, and yanks Adam down.

"Ah!" Adam slips and falls onto the sand, wrestled by his lover. He was turned over before he had time to react, and Merrick sat on his lap, with his hands on his shoulders, "Since when are YOU on top?" Adam asked with a smirk.

"I come off as a bottom boy, Adam~" Merrick said, "But I can overpower you if I wanted to."

"Oh really?" Adam's fingers traced along Merrick's sides, "Wanna back that up?" 

Merrick suddenly cringed and giggled. Adam forced Merrick off of him, and rolled them on the sand, "Hehe-Hey~! No fair!" Merrick giggled.

"Still got ya, babe." Adam said with a smirk.

"Hgh!" Merrick pushed his arms up, and threw Adam off by surprise, and forced him on his back. Merrick leaped on top of him, and pinned his wrists down. Adam grunted and struggled to break free, but Merrick's too strong, "Ghhr... Dammit..." He growled as he dug and kicked his feet on the sand.

"Hahahha, see?" Merrick kissed Adam's nose with a smug look on his face, "If I wanna take you down, I can." His blue eyes looked around at the other lewdly nude men, "In fact..." He smiles as he puts a hand onto Adam's trunks, "I think I want you exposed... Like the rest of us~"

"W-Wait, no!" Adam blushed fiercely as his merman started to pull at his swimming trunks. He tried pushing those arms away, but to no avail.

"You're beautiful, Adam, let everyone else see it!" Merrick said as he swiped those trunks away from his feet.

"DAMMIT, MERRICK!" Adam said as he got up and chased his boyfriend, sprinting on the sand as Merrick laughed. A lot of the other men wolf-whistled and cheered as Merrick waved those trunks like a victory flag. 

Adam chased Merrick down the next campsite, past the volleyball court, and into the shore. Seeing as the water slowed him down up to his knees, Merrick balled up those trunks, and threw them to the water before Adam can catch him!

"What the fuck, Merrick?!" Adam yelled before he dove into the water, and swam quickly. Almost as soon as he got in, he can feel Merrick's arms around him. Adam growled angrily as Merrick giggled and hugged him tight. Adam tried fighting him off, but that damn humanized merman is still being an uncooperative little imp.

~~~

"Hi, a Fizzy Pixie, please?" Syrinx said at the bar.

"Yes ma'am," Said the bartender with a smile. 

Syrinx watches as the bartender took a bottle of Blueberry rum and a small martini glass. He poured a small portion of the light blue liquor into the glass before taking out a chilled can of Sprite, popped it open, and filled it about 2/3 of it. He took a raspberry and a plastic stirrer with a tiny star at the top, and stabbed the berry with it and placed it into the drink. The bartender gives it a couple of flavored fizz-tablets to make it sizzle before placing three shards of frozen strawberry punch. To finish, the bartender took out a plastic box of thin, delicate, triangular strips of caramel-candy, and carefully placed them on the rim of the glass to resemble fairy wings.

"Here you go, ma'am" He said as he gave Syrinx her cocktail.

"Ooh, thank you."

Syrinx sips her sparky drink as she turns around on the bar, checking out some of the guys here and there around in the lobby. One of the best things about a red-moon romance is being allowed to check out other people without the fear of infidelity or someone else stealing your boyfriend or girlfriend. And does she love to smack Kevin upside that head when he's looking at another chick. She snickers lightly as she fishes out the raspberry in her drink, licked it, and shuddered at the biting sour fizz.

She draws out her small, rhinestone-encrusted mirror, and looks at her hair. Those purple streaks she dyed in her hair are already gone. "Damn..." She muttered as she put the mirror back in her little purse, "What does a girl have to do to keep her hair stylized..." She turned back around, and stirred the ice shards around.

"Hey," Came a deep voice. She looks and saw a large black guy sit next to her, "Buy ya that drink?" He said with a charming smile.

"No thanks," Syrinx says as she gave a coy reaction. 

"Aight," Jamal said before the bartender came to him, "Can I get a Tough Puppy, please?"

"Yessir~" The bartender said with a grin as he checked him out. Once the bartender set to work on the whiskey-mixed cocktail, Jamal turned his attention back to Syrinx.

"What's yo name, gurl?"

"Syrinx" She answered.

"Syrinx, huh. That's a sweet name."

"Yes..." Syrinx really doesn't like this man's volume... He seems a little too familiar in his demeanor, "I always liked it." Flirting is one thing, but this man seems to have a very virile energy... Not to mention a little too keen of an interest.

The bartender gave Jamal his drink of whiskey, a pinch of brown sugar, and a pair of orange wedges. "That was fast." Jamal remarked.

"Oh, I'm VERY good with my hands~" The bartender said slyly before he went to another customer.

Jamal took his cocktail, and looked at the mermaid again, "So what's a hot lil number like yoself doin in the ship instead of the beach? Bet chu'd have alotta fun in the sun, and you got a dazzlin figure."

"I'm allergic to water," Syrinx said with a put-off tone.

"Yeah..." Jamal's eyes looked on her arm, and saw that unmistakable tribal heart symbol, "I bet you are..."

~~~

"Fuck off, Merrick." Said the tent as a nude, half wet Merrick stood outside of it.

"I'm SORRY, Adam." Merrick said with his arms crossed, "I was just trying to have fun with you, like we always do." 

"Do you even know what I'm mad about??" Adam retorted.

"What, that I overpowered you in front of everyone? Or that we ran around naked."

"The latter! And you got that backwards - you wrestled me, and that was fine if you weren't so smug, but then you rip my trunks off, and have me chase you all over the fuckin beach!"

"By the depths, it wasn't the WHOLE island, Adam. It was just half a shore at best. I REALLY don't see what the problem is!"

"It's the principle, Merrick! You embarrassed me!"

"How??" Merrick held his arms up, "Everyone else is running around nude, what does it matter?"

"It DOES matter!" Adam shouted, "If I want to get naked on a beach, that's MY decision! I don't need my boyfriend to run around and expose me!"

"Ugh. You humans and your inhibitions." Merrick muttered.

"What was that??"

"Nothing!" He said, "I want to go to the butterfly exhibit, can you at least give me some clothes and my pass?"

"No," Adam replied, "You can go to the ship for your clothes, and get a new pass too!"

"You know what?? I'll just go naked! I'm sure the butterflies won't mind."

"Knock yourself out." 

"... ENNHH!" Merrick kicked the tent before storming off.

"... Good luck," Adam mumbled, "Need cash to get a token."

Merrick walked out of the campsite, onto the beach, and looked out into the ocean. A lot of humans are splashing about out there - a lot of them naked. THEY don't seem to have any problems with showing off their bodies, so why does Adam have to be such a drag??

He rolled his eyes and groaned as he walked to the shore, and strode through the water. He waded through until the water was up to his chest, and he swam down into it.

Merrick has had some practice swimming in human form, but he's nowhere near as good as Adam. He moved his arms and legs to push himself through the water getting passed by a random human here and there, until he came to the sand. The merman dug out in the sand, and pulled out Adam's trunks. Adam always loved a game of Find-The-Trunks, but now it seems like he hates it.

The trunks are pulled from a ruffle and cloud of sand, where Merrick tossed and shook it about in the water to clear it out, when he feels a hauntingly familiar foreboding. 

He whipped around, and sent out a signal. His keen eyes were able to make out a distinct outline of a part-goat part-fish creature. He leers at the distance as the Capricorn stays its long distance. Merrick softly kicks off from the sand, nearly bumping into a swimming woman. 

The merman smirks as he sees the Capricorn drifting to the left. Even far away, he can sense it looking right at him with its golden eyes. 

'You can't come here, can you?' Merrick thought to himself as he kept signaling ahead, feeling the Capricorn coming no closer to him, 'There are too many creatures here...' moved slowly backward, 'The mysterious Capricorn. A creature that cannot be found accept by those it tries to find, yet you will not approach when so many intelligible creatures are around, can you?' 

The Capricorn remained silent at its position - it has to be at least over half a mile away, if not further, and from what Merrick can see, it can't or won't let other beings know its presence. Besides that, as long as he wears his necklace, he looks like every other human swimming about.

~~~

"Freakin... Merrick..." Adam mumbles as he remains in the tent, grumbling to himself. He lays naked on a damp towel, "God, why can't he be more discrete when it comes to shit like this... Thought his Dad taught him to be refined or whatever."

He huffs as he rolls over, his temper still burning with aggravation from Merrick waving his trunks like a flag. He really couldn't tell Adam was mad at him until after they got back on the shore.

Adam digs into his duffle bag, and pulls on a pair of jersey shorts when-

-Plap-

He heard a wet slap outside of the tent. "Hm?" Adam turns, and pulls the zipper back to open the tent. He scoffed as he picked up his mangled lump of soaked trunks, half covered in dirt from the ground. He wrings it out in order to make the water pour out from the seams. 

~~~

"There." Merrick says as he stalks down the sand, "Now he can stop bitching." 

After a few seconds, he feels something soft hit his back, "Ah-" He turns, and saw a pair of shorts, a shirt, and a butterfly-shaped token attached to a strap. He looks, and sees Adam walking back into the entrance of the campsite.

~~~

Nick twirls his hips as the song Timber plays around. He wears a cowboy hat along with a vest, western boots, and cow-print undies. Clinging to the pole he's stationed at, Nick jumps up, and twirls down, and undulating his crotch to entice the audience. He grins playfully as he rubs is butt on the pole, showing himself off to all the other men, and a few ladies too.

He's just one of the cowboys on stage, while two other scantily dressed guys square-danced to the beat. Nick held onto his hat with one hand, while the other held onto the pole as he grooved his body as if he was on a bronco. He spun around the pole as the song neared its end, before pulling a shiny pistol.

The other side-cowboys pulled out their guns too, aiming up over the crowd, before-

BOOM

Each cowboy with a gun shot smoke and confetti from each pistol, just as the song ended.

Once Nick turned in his props to the dancers room and got dressed, he smiles wide, about to get ready to hit the floor with the first hot hunk he sees, when he spots Jamal, "Hey!"

He pushed his way through the crowd, and found Jamal hold his face, "Jamal? You ok man?"

"Naw, man, ahhh" Jamal grunts in pain. Nick looks, and raises his brows at this cruel handprint on his cheek.

"Ah dios mio, what happened to you, man?"

"Was tryin to talk to this one girl at the bar, and she fuckin slaps the lights outta me!" Jamal.

"Fuck, man! I'm sorry!" Nick said as he took a look at Jamal's face, "Damn, hun, she got you good. Where she at?? I'll slap her back!"

"Naw, man, it ain't worth it." Jamal said, "She don't wanna be messed with."

"But man, she rejected you?? You the hottest guy on the ship!"

"All I said was that I like her tattoo, and then she was all about her boyfriend, and then I said we can do a 3-Way. Next thing I knew, she knock me backward!" 

"Aw, come on," Nick said as he held onto one of those buff arms, "Lets go get you all cheered up, man." With that, they went off through the dance floor.

~~~

Adam walks into the Butterfly Pavilion with the short line of people, fully dressed with his butterfly token around his neck - it's a ticket framed in a butterfly-shaped emblem with a barcode on the middle of it - which allows him free passage in and out of the exhibit, otherwise, he'd have to pay $10 to go in each time. 

He let the clerk scan his token, and allowed him entry into the pavilion. He walked into a powerful fan blowing strong air downward onto him, before he entered the humid environment. He grins as he sees a huge array of trees and plants, not to mention flowers blooming everywhere he turns. Adam chuckles as a few butterflies flittered here, there, all over the place.
