 Cindy and I have been married 18 years with one child who was away at college. Cindy being an attorney works long hours and is out of town on business often. Spending more and more time alone combined with a dwindling sex life at home was beginning to make me very horny. Being a firm believer in marriage vows, I had never strayed even though I had many chances. In order to compensate for my lack of sex, I started reading stories on the Internet and masturbating. Sometimes I’d stop by the house in the afternoons for an hour or so and often I’d spend hours in front of my computer at night naked and playing with myself. Since we live in a one-story house and the computer room is in the front, I tried to be very careful. I always closed the blinds on one of the floor to ceiling windows and left the other opened only partially so I could see someone pull in the driveway or walk up to the house. This is where the nightmare started. 

I was home early one evening reading stories, Cindy had flown out that morning and would not return for 2 days. The doorbell rang and expecting some kind of salesman or the door-to-door charity people, I threw on a pair of shorts and opened the door. 

There was my neighbor from across the street, “hi Mike, can I come in for a minute?” 

I was surprised to see Jack. At 6’2” and about 195 lbs, he was 6 inches taller and outweighed me by 30 lbs. Since he was in his late 50’s, 15 years or so older, I didn’t consider him a friend but we had talked in the front yard a few times and were cordial to each other. Hell, he’s never been inside our home. “ I’m a little busy Jack” was all I could think of to say. 

He looked down at my crotch and said, “I can see that” and walked in past me. “I’ve heard Cindy brag on your computer room and your computer skills and I just wanted to look and see if I could get some ideas for my own room.”

I thought maybe if I let him look for a few minutes he’d leave and I could go back to my reading. I walked him to the room and was relieved to see the screen saver had kicked in covering the story I was reading. Jack went straight to my desk, sat down in the executive chair Cindy had given me for my birthday and bumped my mouse. 

“What do we have here Mike?” 

After some unconvincing fumbling with words on my part, Jack handed me a manila envelope and said, “Open it.” 

I was shocked at what I was holding and almost fell over as my knees buckled. There in my hand were 3 pictures taken from outside the window showing me at the computer either naked or with my pants down around my ankles and my dick in my hand. Since they were taken from a distance and through the blinds, the evidence of my masturbating wasn’t perfect but it was clear it was me and also clear what I was doing. The two pictures taken at night with the ceiling light on were the most damaging. I had been caught. 

“What the fuck is this about” I asked. 

“Well Mickey”, nobody ever called me Mickey, “I wasn’t sure what you wanted me to do with these.” Jack continued, “I wasn’t sure if you wanted them, if you wanted Cindy to see her husband jacking off at all times of the day and night, or if you wanted them passed out to friends and co workers, neighbors.” 

“You can stick them up ass and start minding your own business. Now get the hell out of my house.” 

He stood, looked down at me and said, “I think we have 2 options here. One is that these pictures show up all over the place, anonymously by the way, and you and Cindy and your pretty daughter deal with the consequences.” 

Jack just stood there looking at me and finally I asked, “and the second?” 

“You earn them back” 

“How”, I asked, not really wanting to here the answer. 

Jack grinned a little and said, “Suck my dick.”

Shit, I thought. I tried to reason with him, explaining I was straight, never had a gay experience, was always faithful to Cindy, I just couldn’t do it. I even offered to jack him off hoping he’d go away and leave me alone. 

Jack started to walk out of the room and said, “The delivery of the pictures will start tomorrow morning.” 

“Jack, wait.”

He turned and said, “Strip, now.”

Everything flashed in front of me, how stupid could I be, what would Cindy’s reaction be, the neighbors, what about my job? I was busted. 

I pulled down my shorts and stood in front of Jack naked and embarrassed. He walked over to me, grabbed my nuts and said, “Be a good boy and these pictures will be destroyed. Now kneel.”

Jack pulled off his shirt, stepped in front of me and told me to remove his shorts. As I pulled them down, I couldn’t help but noticed his cock. I’m a good 6 ½”, maybe even 7” on a good day, Jack had to be 6” soft. I had never been this close to another man’s cock and I could smell his aroma. My eyes were glued to the first cock that was inches from my face. I looked at the full length of it, from the base all the way to its head. He was circumcised and the head was mean looking. Jack walked the 5 feet or so to my chair, sat down and said, “crawl over here boy.”

As I crawled, he moved to the edge of the chair so his cock and balls were hanging over the edge. He then told me to use my hands and get use to the feel of it, “Since you’re so straight,” he snickered. 

As I rubbed his balls, he started to get hard and by the time my hands reached his dick, it had grown to a full 7 ½”. 

“Now lick it.” I licked the underside and played with his balls at the same time. I then moved my hand around his cock, still playing with his balls and started to masturbate him. He leaned back in the chair, closed his eyes and I really thought I was going to get away with jacking him off. 

“Suck it.” Came the command as he opened his eyes. 

I felt sick to my stomach as I moved up and put the head in my mouth. I started telling myself that his cock was just another piece of skin, like sucking on a finger. That thought was helping until Jack said, “Start sucking.” 

After sucking Jack for what seemed like hours he told me to stand, move around to his left and spread my legs. In that position, my ass was sticking out and he alternated between squeezing my ass and my nuts. That’s when Jack grabbed my dick, which I realized was rock hard and said, “Damn, you like this, don’t you Mickey?” I was being blackmailed into sucking another man’s dick in the home I share with my wife and I was turned on. 

“I’m going to cum and you’re going to swallow every drop,” shouted Jack. “Miss any cum and you’ll be sorry.” I couldn’t believe he actually wanted to cum in my mouth, I knew I was going to get sick. 

Jack put his hand on the back of my head and started to pump into my face, forcing his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth. I felt his cock jerk, his hips came off the chair and hot cum started streaming into my mouth. I sucked and swallowed every drop I could hoping this would be the first and only time I tasted sperm. I didn’t like the taste; it was hot, sticky, and salty. 

Jack kept me bent over with his cock in my mouth until he started to soften. He told me to kneel down in front of him, patted me on the head and said,” you’re a good little cock sucker.”

He had me put his shorts back on, hold his shirt for him and then told me to stand up. Jack grabbed me by my nuts and said,” walk me to the door.”

Standing in my own front door naked with the taste of cum fresh in my mouth, I thought I had done what was right. Even though I had to suck his cock, I thought it was over. I had saved my wife and daughter from humiliation and embarrassment. I was feeling at least decent until Jack turned to me and said, 

“You can keep those pictures Mickey, I have better ones at home. Better lighting, clearer, and it’s obvious that you are playing with your little dickey.” He laughed as he walked away.