 This is the sequel to the Physical Therapist I (please read it if you haven't done so). Enjoy.

*****

Two weeks later.

Bill couldn't stop thinking about Jake. It was his first sexual experience with a man. And he wanted more. But, he was well aware that maintaining any sexual relationship with a patient could only spell trouble.

He needed to clear his mind, so he met up with his best friend Walter. Walter was a middle aged African American man with long dreadlocks. He was clean shaved, but there were signs of stubble. His chiseled torso could be seen through the compression top he was wearing; however, his muscles were nowhere near as big as Bill's.

After a long morning jog, Bill took a seat on the park bench besides his friend. Due to conflicts in both of their schedules, it has been months since the two buddies hung out, so Bill was happy to spend time with Walter. Desperately, he wanted talk to Walter about his encounter with Jake, but he didn't know how or if he should.

"Is everything alright with you?" Walter asked, sensing that Bill was preoccupied.

"Yeah, everything is good with me." Bill replied, trying to brush his friend off.

"Why don't I believe you?" Walter folded his arms. "You just seem a little off. While we were jogging you didn't say a word."

"Seriously, I'm good." Bill responded. He didn't like the idea of lying to Walter, but he believed the situation too complicated to talk about. "I think I've been too busy at work."

"I keep telling you that you're wasting your time at that practice."

"I like my job."

"With your credentials, you can work anywhere. If you just let me help you, I can get you a job where you make three times what you're making now with less hours."

"Not interested."

"Alright." Walter said, lifting his hands up. "You know what I think you need?"

"What is that?" Bill asked, with suspicion in his voice.

"When was the last time you had some pussy?"

"I don't feel comfortable answering that." Bill snapped. He never liked discussing his sex life with anyone ¬not even Walter. He lived by the mantra, "whatever goes on in your bed is your business."

"Really? Am I a stranger?" Walter was offended by his friend's answer. "It's not like I'm going to judge you."

"Listen, you know I don't like to discuss my sex life."

"Don't worry about it. I'm sorry for asking."

Bill stood up. "Things just been hectic for me. I'll call you tomorrow. Okay?"

"That's fine. Just take it easy bro."

"I will. I have to get to work anyway."

The two friends bro hugged and went their separate ways.

***

The workday was uneventful for Bill. Most of his patients were elderly women with arthritis. And he didn't have any new patients. Jake had a scheduled appointment that day, but he was a no show. Bill was somewhat relieved, yet he was a bit disappointed.

Later that night, around 11 PM, he hit the gym in order to maintain his physique and get his mind off of work. While many people may dread exercise, Bill loved working out. The main reason Bill became a physical therapist, was to help people improve their overall health through physical movement.

The long jog with Walter earlier in the day, gave Bill plenty of cardio, so he headed for the weight room.

The weight room was located in the basement of the gym. As Bill, climbed down the stairs he heard a man grunting. Being a bodybuilder for many years, he was used to hearing men grunt while lifting weights. But, he found it annoying when guys went overboard with the grunting.

Once, he reached the bottom of the stairs, he saw that the mystery man was actually his colleague Dr. Raj.

Dr. Raj was the orthopedic surgeon at the practice. He joined the practice two years ago after completing his medical training in the United Kingdom. His name wasn't actually 'Dr. Raj,' but everyone at the practice found the guy's last name too long and hard to pronounce, so patients and staff called him 'Dr. Raj' for short. 

For a minute, Bill considered turning and walking away; after all, he went to the gym to escape from work. And he didn't plan on spending his night with Dr. Raj. Unlike the rest of the staff members at the practice, Bill didn't like Dr. Raj; he found the guy to be arrogant, condescending, and ultimately having poor bedside manners. However, he believed Dr. Raj was a skilled physician.

Bill made the decision to just leave, but he was stopped by the sound of Dr. Raj's voice.

"Hey, Bill," he called out in his deep British accent. "How are you doing man?"

Shit he spotted me, Bill thought. He spun around to face his colleague "I am fine Dr. Raj."

"Please call me Frank," returned Dr. Raj. He winked at Bill. "Of course, at work you call me Dr. Raj."

What an asshole? Bill thought, Doesn't he know that I am a Doctor of Physical Therapy? I had to get my doctorate in order to get my license in the first place.

"Sorry I keep forgetting, Dr. Ra...I mean Frank," he replied, with a hint of sarcasm in his voice. "I'm going to get going now."

As Bill proceeded back up the stairs, Frank caught up with Bill and rested his hand on Bill's shoulder. "Why don't we go out for drinks?" Frank insisted.

"I am sorry, but I don't drink."

"Why?"

"I'm just not into alcohol."

"Well, that sucks."

"Dr. ...I mean Frank...I really have to get going."

Before Frank could say another word, Bill dashed up the stairs.

***

The next evening, Dr. Raj met with Dr. Thomas at the sports bar. Since, Frank joined the practice, he formed an almost instant bromance with Dr. Thomas. Hanging out at the bar and talking shit over beer and hot wings was a weekly ritual for them.

Frank took a swig of beer and asked, "Who do you want to bang at the practice? Don't be shy."

"Oh c'mon not that game again," replied Dr. Thomas.

"Lieb, I see the way you look at Sheryl. I know you want to fuck her. You've been divorced for three years. It's time buddy."

"You don't understand." Lieb said.

"What's to understand? Your wife left you. You're single¬"

"Let's change the subject" Lieb interrupted, seeming quite annoyed at this point.

"I am sorry buddy." Frank said, then after a pause he continued. "Sooo...How is Jake doing? I know he had a hamstring pull during a wrestling match. He should be fine now, right?

"My son is doing well. He actually had an appointment with Bill yesterday, but Jake skipped the session. He told me that he was feeling a lot better and didn't need to see Bill."

"Hmmm...I'm shocked Bill gave Jake more sessions. Who knows...Maybe he was being extra careful 'cause Jake's your son and all."

"Bill doesn't know Jake is my son," replied Lieb, "I always liked Bill. He's a hard worker and he goes above and beyond for his patients. That's why I had my son evaluated by him."

"Yeah, Bill's a good guy." Frank said. He took another sip of beer, then ate a hot wing.

"I ran into Bill at the gym last night." Frank continued, "If there's anyone at the practice I'd like to fuck¬ it's Bill. The guy is hot. And he's got an ass on him. I just want to spread those cheeks apart and¬"

"I get it." Lieb interrupted. Many straight men don't like to hear about their gay friend's sex life, but Lieb didn't mind. To date, he probably heard thousands of stories of Frank's conquests. "I don't mean any harm, Frank. But, Bill is a co-worker. We may be friends and all, but I'm still the medical director. I can't have you talk about the other workers that way."

"I'm sorry." Frank said.

Lieb chuckled.

"I'm just fucking around with." Lieb replied, "Anyway, I doubt Bill is gay."

"I know a gay man when I see one. Trust me, Bill is gay."

Lieb, rolled his eyes. "Even if Bill were gay...Why would he sleep with you? Bill is a professional. He wouldn't get involved with you. He does his job and goes home."

"I bet you $3K, that I will fuck Bill."

"Seriously, dude," returned Lieb. "We are not going to bet on this."

"C'mon, what's the harm? You're wearing $3K on your wrist."

Lieb shot Frank a look. "It's not about the money. Bill is a good guy. I don't want you to hurt him."

"Woa," Frank responded, "It seems like you want Bill for yourself."

"You know exactly what I mean. You do this all the time. You woo a guy. Fuck him. Then move on."

"Sheesh you make me look like a sociopath. I'm only trying to have some fun. Bill is a big guy. He'll be fine."

After some reflection, Lieb decided to accept the bet. He didn't have any faith, Frank would succeed. A lot of Frank's qualities¬ egotistical and arrogant¬ were quite similar to Lieb's ex wife. Don't get him wrong: Lieb liked being around Frank. However, he believed that Frank needed to learn a lesson.

"Game on!" said Frank.

For the rest of the evening, the two men got drunk, consumed a ridiculous amount of hot wings, and enjoyed each other's company.

***

Bill didn't get much sleep. The thirty-four year old was never an insomniac, but he just didn't feel like sleeping. He stayed up all night cleaning his apartment and watching movies on Netflix.

It was Monday again. The only reason Bill was spared the Monday blues, was that he had a boring weekend. On Sunday, he was supposed to meet up with Walter, but Walter had to cancel on short notice due to a business engagement. Bill wasn't an idiot; he knew Walter blew him off for pussy. However, he wasn't upset with Walter. In fact, he didn't care about seeing Walter at all. There was really only one person he wanted to see.

There was a loud knock at the door. Who could possibly be at Bill's door at 3AM?

"Who is it?" Bill asked.

There was no reply. The person knocked the door even more. Knocking someone's door and not identifying yourself was Bill's biggest pet peeve. It was as if the individual expected the resident to know who he or she was. Three more times, Bill asked who was at the door, but the person continued knocking.

Realizing that he was not going to get an answer, he looked through the key hole. It was Jake! Bill couldn't be any happier. But, his feelings of felicity converted into concern. How did Jake get Bill's address?

Bill slowly opened his apartment door.

"Hey. What's up?" said Jake.

"What are you doing here?" requested Bill. "How did you get my address?"

"I was waiting for you to contact me. I didn't hear a peep from you. So, I came here. Are you gonna let me in or give me the 3rd degree?"

Without waiting for a response, Jake pushed past Bill and entered the apartment.

"I didn't invite you in." said Bill.

"Only a vampire needs to be invited." remarked Jake, as he removed his sweat shirt. "Let's cut the bull. You know why I'm here."

Bill made no reply, because he was distracted by Jake's chiseled torso. The blood started to rush to Bill's cock. At that moment, he didn't care how Jake got his address. He just wanted to get busy.

Jake removed his frat-boy khaki shorts and exposed his fully erect cock.

Wasting no time, Bill quickly got undressed, removing his t-shirt and briefs.

"You are so fucking hot," said Jake, marveling at Bill's large muscular body. He walked over to Bill and ran his hands over Bill's chest. "I just want to explore your body."

For the next few minutes, Bill didn't speak; he just allowed the unrestrained Jake examine his body.

Slowly, Jake's hands moved down to Bill's groin. "I like guys with thick bushy pubes."

He spent the next few seconds, teasing Bill's pubes. Then he moved one hand to Bill's inner thigh and started to massage the area. His other hand moved to the tip of Bill's cock. Jake retracted Bill's foreskin and rubbed his thumb over Bill's glans. 

Bill moaned.

"You like that, don't you?" muttered Jake. "Pleasing you isn't very hard."

"You think I'm easy?" replied Bill, as he pulled Jake closer to him. "I think I need to show you what it really takes to please me."

Bill grabbed Jake and kissed him passionately. And Jake kissed back, devouring Bill's mouth.

Breaking the kiss, Jake said, "That's all I wanted from you...a little zeal."

Next, Jake tackled Bill to the ground. He rested his body on top of Bill and pinned his partner's arms above his head. This was the position Jake wanted Bill in. Bill's legs were spread and Jake's cock hovered over Bill's hole.

The physical therapist didn't mind being bottomed, but he wanted Jake to use a condom. Do I even have any condoms here? Bill thought.

"For a little guy, you're pretty strong." said Bill with tone of nervousness in his voice.

"I know." Jake said with a wide smile across his face. "Don't worry buddy, I'm not ready to fuck you yet."

Bill breathed a sigh of relief. Damn it's like this guy can read my mind.

"Besides," continued Jake. "I don't know if you're a top or a bottom."

"I don't know what I am really." Bill said. "I guess I can be versatile."

"I'm versatile too." Jake replied with a wide grin. He kissed a line from Bill's neck to Bill's right nipple.

"I've been waiting 2 whole weeks for these sweet chocolate nipples." Jake remarked, latching on to his partner's nipple. His tongue swiveled around Bill's areola. Jake bit Bill's nipple.

"What the hell?" Bill said.

"Sorry I can't help it," returned Jake, then he chuckled, "c'mon you know you enjoyed that."

"Maybe I did...But, I wouldn't tell you."

"Whatever."

Slowly, Jake kissed his way down to Bill's groin. And he grasped Bill's shaft. Jakes mouth was just inches away from Bill's base.

"I want to try something different." said Bill. He yanked Jake up before Jake could even reply. Bill positioned Jake on his back and he lay on top of Jake.

"This is different...sure I can make you think you're in control." Jake teased. The twenty-one year old really knew how to push Bill's buttons ¬literally!

"You gonna make me think I'm in control?" said Bill. "you don't know me."

"Help me to know you buddy. Fill my vanilla ass with your fat black cock."

"I think I'll make you wait."

"Why?"

Bill made no reply. He just gazed into Jake's green eyes and held his partner snugly.

"Are you just gonna look at me all morning?" asked Jake.

"Maybe." said Bill. "Don't you want me to look at you?"

"Of course," said Jake, as he caressed Bill's firm bubble butt. "We can't look at each other forever."

The moment was interrupted by a knock at the door.

"Who the hell is that?" demanded Jake. He immediately despised whoever was at that door.

"I have no idea."

Bill was also furious. Seriously, who else could be at my door so early in the morning?

"WHO IS IT? DON'T YOU REALIZE IT'S THREE IN THE MORNING?" shouted Bill.

"It's me, your friend Walter." he said with a tone of nervousness and shame in his voice. "I'm sorry for coming by at this time. Maybe I should come back later."

"Shit!" Bill muttered as he rolled off of Jake.

"Where are you going? He said he will come back...Besides, who is Walter?"

"A friend...only a friend."

"Are you sure about that?"

"Jake we're not even in a relationship. I don't know what to call this."

"Really?"

"I'm not going to argue with you¬"

"Bro...Are you still there? Should I come back?" Walter inquired.

"Yeah, I'm here...be with you in a sec." called out Bill.

"Okay."

"Are you seriously going to talk to Walter now?" Jake said, with a look of bewilderment on his face. At that moment Jake felt snubbed by Bill.

Bill slipped on his briefs and put his t-shirt back on. "Yes. Walter is my best friend. It might be important." He disappeared into his bedroom then emerged with grey sweatpants. He called out: "I will be with you in a minute buddy."

Jake was still naked and he sat up on the floor; he shook his head and mumbled, "I can't believe this."

"Please go in my bedroom and hide." Bill pleaded. The last thing Bill wanted his best friend to see was a naked guy in his living room! After all, he didn't come out to Walter yet.

"I am begging you." Bill repeated.

"There is a solution you know: Send that Walter guy away!"

Jake stood up. "I'll do it. This shit better not happen again."

"Thank you."

With that, Jake gathered his khaki shorts and hoodie. He barricaded himself in Bill's bedroom.

Bill regained his composure and opened the door. "Hey Walter! What's up?"

Walter walked past Bill and entered the apartment.

What the hell? Bill thought.

"I haven't been a good friend to you." said, Walter pacing back and forth in Bill's living room.

"I don't understand¬"

"Please just let me finish. Last night, we were supposed to meet for dinner. I told you I had an emergency. You've known me long enough to know what that really means. I'm pushing 50 now. I'm too old for this shit. I've fucked so many women. What do I have to show for it? No wife. No kids. Sure, I got money, but I'm empty Bill. The only person who is consistently there for me is you. And I chose some bimbo¬"

"Where is this coming from? You are a good friend to me¬"

"No, I'm not. You keep making excuses for me."

Walter trailed over to Bill. Their faces were inches apart. Bill got a little uneasy. Maybe Walter was drunk and having one of those mid-life crises. But, Bill didn't smell any traces of alcohol on his friend's breath. In fact, Walter looked rather sober. Too sober.

Walter wrapped his arm around Bill's head and pulled him into a kiss. Bill struggled to break free. Eventually, he managed to free his face. Then he jerked his body away from his good friend who quickly changed that dynamic in an instant.

"Woa." Bill said, obviously being confused at his best friend's actions. "What the hell are you doing?"

"I want you in my life, Bill." he said, then he yanked down Bill's pants and pushed him against the nearest wall. "I know you're gay."

At this point, Bill was naked from the waist down. He tried to evade Walter, but he was pinned against the wall. It amazed Bill how strong Walter. Walter was also a muscular man, but he wasn't as big as Bill. However, Walter played football for many years and he was also a wrestler.

"I really don't want to do this." Bill protested, realizing that he couldn't swivel away from Walter.

"I'm not going to hurt you." said Walter, as he gave soft kisses to Bill's shoulder.

Once, Bill stopped struggling, Walter caressed Bill's left hip. "Relax," he said softly.

He kneeled down between Bill's legs. With one hand, he grasped Bill's shaft. Then he peeled back Bill's foreskin with his mouth.

Bill unsuccessfully tried to pry Walter's head off of his cock.

Walter stroked Bill's shaft as he sucked on his friend's base.

Bill groaned ¬not that he wanted too. After all, his supposed best friend was forcing himself on him. Yet, he couldn't deny that Walter was a pro at cock sucking. Did Walter do this before?

Fluid built up in Bill's cock. He was about to explode in his friend's mouth!

Walter was interrupted by his phone vibrating in his pocket. He stood up and answered his phone.

This was the perfect opportunity for Bill to pull up his pants and move to the other side of room.

Walter spoke on the phone briefly then hung up and said to Bill, "I'm very sorry. I have to go. I'm sorry about all of this. Maybe we can meet for dinner?"

Bill made no reply.

"You know what? I'll call you." said, Walter, with a tone of embarrassment in his voice. After waiting a few more seconds for a reply from Bill, he opened the door and exited Bill's apartment.

What just happened? Bill wondered, as he sat on the sofa and buried his head. He was so confused; the womanizing Walter he knew for the past decade just gave him a blow job a few minutes ago. Was Walter always gay? Did he lie about all the women he slept with? Can I possibly be with Walter? Will our friendship ever be the same?

He only had an answer to one of the questions: Their friendship will never be the same again. Walter crossed that line.
