 "Beautiful, Beautiful. Hold, right there..." Sasha Yarlbroughvr vibrated with excitement as he captured frame after frame of perfection on his Nikon D2H. 

He'd had his eye on this particular piece of eye candy for the last year and now he had his chance. He would not waste this opportunity. Sasha eyed the impressive bulge covered by wet jeans and vowed to have it inside of him before the end of the day.

Water droplets slid seductively down rippled abs. Sasha's mouth watered, his tongue dying to follow the path of each droplet. His candy had his left arm lifted, elbow draped behind his head. His right hand tucked into the waistband of his wet jeans. Sasha grinned as an idea formed.

Sasha finished the shot and scanned his surroundings, taking in the water sprinklers and fading sunlight behind the abandoned warehouse. It was perfect. He allowed his brows to furrow as if in worry. "Nico?" he called out.

Sasha's eye candy broke pose and stood, curious. Sasha cleared his throat, his erection straining against tight jeans. "We only have time to get a couple more shots in before sunset. You've done an excellent job so far. Now, these last shots will be nude, so I want you to take off those wet jeans."

Nico stepped back, nervous. "Um, I don't think that's a good idea." Sasha shivered at the deep baritone.

"You do want to make it in this business, don't you, Nico?" Sasha's voice was soft, cajoling.

Nico looked around as if for help, but there was no one around. He had talked Nico into doing a private shoot with him. A twinge of guilt tried to worm its way into Sasha's heart, but he ruthlessly strangled the emotion. He really wanted to see Nico naked and do all sorts of fun naked things with him.

Nico nodded, tentative. "I don't think..."

"Do you trust me, Nico? Haven't I kept my promise to bring you into this business?" Sasha asked in a hard tone. Sasha didn't want to give Nico time to think and mess up his plans for the sexy Adonis.

Nico nodded, his expression filled with shame. "I'm sorry, Sasha. I didn't mean to doubt you, or make you angry. I just..." Nico shrugged.

"Shh. I understand, and I am not angry. I am disappointed you don't trust me. I don't know how to show you that you can trust me." Yeah, Sasha was a rat bastard for playing Nico, but the ends really did justify the means.

"But I do trust you! Give me a chance to prove it to you, please, Sasha!" Nico was frantic, afraid Sasha would leave and his dreams of becoming a model would go up in flames. 

The world-renowned photographer was the best in the business and Nico's best chance of getting his foot in the door. When agencies realized Nico'd had a photography session with Sasha Yarlbroughvr, his fledgling career would skyrocket.

Sasha studied Nico, seeming lost in thought. Nico fidgeted, praying he hadn't blown it. Finally, Sasha nodded and Nico exhaled, relieved. 

"I will give you one last chance. However, if you doubt me again, our agreement comes to an end," Sasha warned. 

Nico nodded, he would do anything the man told him as long as he kept his promise. 

"Good. Now, take off your jeans and lay back down on the blanket on your stomach."

Nico did as instructed, burying his unease. He didn't want to make Sasha angry again. 

"Very nice, very nice," Sasha murmured as he ran his fingers down Nico's back, positioning his body the way he wanted. Nico suppressed a shiver, fighting his attraction to the sexy photographer. Sasha was around five-eight compared to Nico's six foot six frame, slender where Nico was muscular due to his many hours in the gym, curly blonde hair to Nico's straight shoulder-length raven locks. 

Their personalities were as different as their physical appearance, Nico thought. He was shy and reserved, whereas Sasha had a commanding presence and seemed to have no problems speaking his mind. Nico envied that confidence, and wondered if that was the reason, he was so attracted Sasha.

Nico jumped and bit his bottom lip to hold his moan of arousal. He'd never known he would like being spanked. Nico looked back at Sasha to see the man eyeing him with a raised brow. Nico blushed, embarrassed Sasha had caught him woolgathering. 

"Do we need to reschedule since it seems you cannot remain focused?"

"No, sir," Nico spoke quickly.

"Good. Arch your back and look my way. Daylights wasting and I'm eager to get tonight's... festivities started," Sasha said as he backed up and lifted his camera.

Nico blushed. He couldn't believe he'd agreed to sleep with the man in exchange for this photography session. He felt like such a slut, but the end justified the means. Right? 

The quiet sound of the camera's shutter clicking jarred Nico from his thoughts. There would be time for self-recriminations later, now was the time to focus on his future. Nico's doubts swirled away as he focused on the shoot. Sasha had a way of making him feel like the sexiest man in the world. Nico used that feeling, flirting with man and camera as the sun sank behind the horizon.

Sasha bounded over to Nico, a wide grin on his face. "You are going to be quite the sensation when agencies get ahold of these pictures. You were made for modeling." The last he said with a purr as Sasha ran a hand down Nico's chest.

Nico trembled, licking suddenly dry lips. Could he do this? Exchange sex for pictures?

Sasha's lids lowered as he took a step back. "There's still time to change your mind. No hard feelings and I'll even let you keep the pictures."

Sasha was giving Nico the out he thought he wanted. Why then, did the thought make him want to stomp his foot and pout like a five year old? Suddenly, Nico felt his resolve steady. Knowing Sasha was as nervous as he was had a calming effect on him and leveled the playing field.

Nico wrapped an arm around Sasha's waist and pulled the little man to his chest. He nuzzled Sasha's neck and inhaled the honeysuckle scent. Nico groaned, wanting to drown in the man's delicious scent. "I want this. I want you, even if it is for one night."

Sasha's body trembled. "Oh thank god. Take me and fuck me like your dirty little whore."

"Oh, fuck," Nico groaned, praying he didn't blow his load right then and there. "You still have my address?" Sasha nodded, panting and rubbing his hard cock against Nico's stomach. 

"Good. I want you to go pack a bag for the weekend and meet me back at my place in an hour." Nico fought the grin tugging the corners of his lips. Sasha seemed to be having trouble focusing and his eyes glazed over. Nico wanted to beat his chest and howl in victory. Nico smacked the little man on his ass to get him moving and smiled when he had to face him in the right direction to his car.

****

Nico smiled in satisfaction as he lit the last candle. He'd changed into silk pajama bottoms, forgoing the top. Everything was in place. He had the tray of finger foods sitting next to the fireplace. Condoms, lube and handcuffs were placed on the nightstand behind him. New, blood red silk sheets adorned his massive bed. This might only be a one-time deal, but he planned to do everything in his power to make it hard for Sasha to forget him. 

Nico groaned, imaging Sasha stretched and handcuffed to his bed, candlelight flickering over creamy skin.

The doorbell rang. Right on time. Nico suppressed the urge to rub his hands together and dance a little jig in celebration. It wouldn't do to appear uncool or too eager. Nico paused for a moment to gain his composure and then opened the door. 

"Fuck me," Sasha moaned as his eyes devoured Nico's bare chest.

Nico lost his breath. Sasha was breathtaking. He was wearing a long black trench coat. That wasn't what held Nico spellbound. Sasha was holding the lapels open and he was wearing nothing but a silk black thong. 

Nico growled, shut the door, grabbed the sexy man by his coat lapels and took his lips in a punishing kiss. Concerned he was being too rough with Sasha, Nico began easing away. Sasha gripped Nico's hair and brought him back to his lips.

Nico lifted Sasha by his ass cheeks, groaning when the plump mounds filled his palms. Sasha wrapped his legs around Nico's waist as he shed Sasha of his coat. Nico slammed the little man against the door, his cock jerking when he felt a wet spot form on his shirt. Fuck, it was hot knowing he affected Sasha like that.

"Naked," Sasha moaned when he tore his lips away from Nico's and tried to push the man's pajama bottoms down.

"Not yet," Nico's voice was husky with unfulfilled desire. He lowered Sasha's legs to the ground and pulled the grumbling man into his bedroom. 

Sasha froze, eyes wide as he took in the scene. Nico saw the bulge in Sasha's thong grow when he spied the nightstand by the bed. Sasha whimpered and took a step toward the bed. 

Nico tightened his hand on Sasha, stopping his progress. "Food first."

"Sex, first," Sasha pouted, bottom lip poking out. 

Nico grinned, marveling at Sasha's playful personality. He would have never guessed in a million years the confident photographer would turn over control to him like this. "Food first. We worked through lunch, so I know you haven't eaten since this morning."

Sasha's stomach chose that moment to rumble. Nico arched a brow, snickering. "Oh shut up," Sasha grumbled, walking over to the tray.

Nico plucked the grape out of Sasha's hand and held it up to the man's plump lips. Heat flared in Sasha's bright blue eyes as he took the grape into his mouth, tongue swirling around Nico's fingers. Pre-cum liberally coated Nico's erection as he grabbed a strawberry and teased plump lips. Sasha's pink tongue flicked out, running over the juicy fruit and maintaining eye contact.

Fuck me, he is going to be the death of me, Nico thought, reaching for another fruit.

Nico growled and slung Sasha over his shoulder and onto the bed when he'd consumed the last piece of fruit. His cock was throbbing, tenting his pajama bottoms. Sasha bounced on the bed, smirking. Nico ripped off Sasha's thong and flipped him onto his stomach. He stretched Sasha's arms so he could handcuff his wrists to the bed.

Sasha turned his head, watching as Nico grabbed a large butt-plug and bottle of lube. Sasha shivered at the evil grin Nico shot him. "You're going to be begging for my cock by the time I'm through with you."

Sasha moaned, wiggling his ass back toward Nico. "Show me."

Nico's eyes flared at the challenge. Lubing the plug, Nico circled the tight star, teasing. Sasha rocked back and Nico slapped his ass. "Stay still," he ordered. Nico slowly worked the plug in, wiggling it around as Sasha moaned his encouragement. Loving the handprints on Sasha's ass, Nico let his hands fly, purring as he watched the rosy prints deepen. Nico rubbed the twin mounds, loving how soft and firm they were.

"I love this ass. So firm and tight." Sasha lay beneath him, panting and pushing his ass further into Nico's hands.

"Need to come," Sasha whimpered leaning into the caress.

Nico slapped the plug between Sasha's quivering ass cheeks. Sasha cried out, trembling. Nico pulled out the plug a little bit, wiggled it until Sasha cried out and plunged it back into his tight hole. Unable to deny himself any longer, Nico ripped off his pants, rolled the condom onto his erection and removed the toy. Nico plunged into Sasha's ass in one thrust.

Cries rang throughout the room as Nico sank into the tightest ass he'd ever had. "So fucking good," Nico groaned as his control slipped. 

Grabbing Sasha by the waist, Nico buried his dick balls deep, circling his hips for greater sensation. Mindless with pleasure, he plunged repeatedly into Sasha's tight hole, angling his hips until the head of his cock grazed Sasha's prostrate with every stroke. Sasha's elbows collapsed, his fingers clutching the coverlet as he held on. 

Nico quickened his thrusts, Sasha's lower body held up by the arm Nico had wrapped around his waist. 

"Fuck yeah," Sasha panted, feeling his balls draw up. 

Nico blanketed Sasha's body, the smaller man lying flat on his stomach. The handcuffs jingled against the oak wood. Nico growled, the sight and sound of the handcuffs on Sasha's wrists pushing him closer to the edge. Nico gripped the tight ass beneath him, pounding into the pink hole. Sasha screamed, quivering as his dick rubbed against the silk bedding.

"Come now," Nico gritted out as cum erupted from his balls. 

Sasha yelled out as he came. His body a quivering mass of bones as his ass milked more cum out of Nico's cock. Nico collapsed onto Sasha, his elbows catching the majority of his weight. They lay panting, trying to catch their breath. Finally, Nico rolled out of bed and disposed of the condom, bringing a wet cloth back with him. He tenderly cleaned his lover and then himself before climbing back into bed. 

"Damn, baby. I fucking love your imagination. The photographer and the model," Nico purred.

Sasha giggled, snuggling closer to Nico. "Happy birthday, baby. What's your next fantasy?"