 It was after 4:00 when I walked across the street to my house. I stripped off my shorts and Cindy’s panties and started a load of laundry. I had to make sure Cindy’s panties were clean and replaced in her closet when she returned tomorrow. I ran a hot shower and while I scrubbed myself from head to toe, my humiliated and embarrassed mind fought with the physical reaction from my body. How could a straight married man be physically turned on by such deviate gay behavior? I had been blackmailed into gay sex and excited by it at the same time. I wanted answers and all I got from myself was internal conflict. 

I toweled myself dry, combed my hair, put on a robe and walked to the kitchen for a cold beer. I must have fallen asleep on the couch during the early news because I awoke to the ringing of the phone. Startled, I jumped and as I reached for the phone, I hesitated. What if it was Jack, I really didn’t want to talk to him. I checked the caller ID and it said unavailable. I wanted to talk to Cindy, I wanted to hear her voice, and I wanted to know what time to pick her up at the airport. I needed the safety her homecoming would bring from Jack so I answered the phone. I had never been so glad to hear my wife’s voice. After the usual small chat, how was your day, how’s the weather, anything new, Cindy explained that they had not finished their defense. Cindy’s firm almost exclusively defends large corporations against lawsuits. She went on to explain that hopefully, closing arguments would be tomorrow afternoon and she would be home either late Wednesday or sometime Thursday, if everything went their way. I was devastated and I started whining. I told her how much I missed her, how much I was looking forward to seeing her. Cindy listened to me for a few minutes and then unloaded on me. I guess it was all the tension from the trial but she explained how she makes all the money, she works all the time and how all the nice things we enjoy are because of her and her work. She ended the conversation with, “I’ll let you know when I’ll be home and I expect the house to be clean and the yard work done.” With that, she said good-bye and abruptly hung up. My day had finally gotten worse. 

I slept fairly good that night knowing Jack thought Cindy would be home tomorrow and he would leave me alone. The ringing of the phone woke me the next morning and thinking it was Cindy, I answered. It wasn’t Cindy, it was Jack. 

“Good morning my little cock sucking slut.” I knew Jack was still at home and wondered where his wife Janice was. 

“Damn,” I thought to myself. “Hello Jack,” was all I could say.

“Listen closely,” he started. “Wear a pair of Cindy’s thong panties, pink, and if she doesn’t have any pink thongs, buy yourself a pair. Be at my office at 12:30 today.” 

“Jack, Cindy is coming home today, you have to give me a break,” I pleaded and lied. 

All he said was, “that’s your problem, be here at 12:30 sharp.” With that, he hung up the phone. 

I spent another long morning thinking and worrying about the situation I had gotten myself in and at the same time, trying to figure a way out. Things just seemed to be getting worse.

I rode the elevator to the 12th floor and was directed down a long hall to Jack’s office. Sitting at a desk in front of large double doors was a man typing on a computer. When he looked at me I explained that I had a meeting with Jack and after making a phone call, told me to proceed through the double doors. On the other side was a reception area as big as my den and appointed much more expensively. The beautiful young redhead, who I guessed to be about 24, asked, “ you’re here to see Mr. O? (no last names in this story)

“Yes,” I said. She picked up the phone and said, “Your 12:30 is here.” As I watched her, I could tell she was listening intently and as she started to giggle, she said, “Yes Sir.” 

The redhead looked at me, stood up, walked around the front of her desk, sat seductively on the corner and with a big grin, said to me, “Mr. O said for you to strip to your panties, he’ll be with you shortly.” 

I couldn’t believe my ears; Jack wanted me to strip in his outer office and in front of this beauty. “Excuse me,” was all I said. 

She repeated herself and just stood there, sitting on the desk watching. I couldn’t move, I think I was in shock. She brought me back to reality when she said, “you better hurry up, if Mr. O comes out and finds you dressed, well, you probably know,” and she was grinning the whole time. 

I removed my shirt and placed it on her desk as directed. Then my shoes and socks. The last thing I wanted was to be standing in front of this woman in nothing but my wife’s pink thong panties. “Go on,” she said. 

After I stripped off my pants, she looked me up and down, giggled, and went back to work. I had been totally humiliated. 

After waiting ten minutes, the redhead picked up the ringing phone, listened and then said to me, “you may go in.” I reached for my clothes and she said, “leave those here, you won’t be needing them.” I could hear her laughing as I entered Jack’s office.

I saw Jack sitting behind his desk as I walked in, then on my left I noticed two Asian men, Chinese, Japanese, I didn’t know, but Asian. Jack directed me to stand in front of his desk and told me to put my hands behind my head. 

“Now, turn around slowly, let me look at you.” As I turned, I could see the two Asians and they had their eyes glued to me. I was feeling very nervous. I thought I was being called to Jack’s office to give him another blow job and then go back to work.

“Turn and face my guest, Mickey boy.”

I was standing there with my hands still behind my head when Jack introduced us. Mr. W and Mr. R both stood and gave me that little bow that Asians do. “ Nice to meet you,” was all I could think of to say.

Jack got up, walked around his desk and without any indication, slapped me hard on my ass. “Bow to the gentleman, slut.” I did as Jack instructed. 

“These gentleman are very important clients Mickey. They have had a long trip, they’re hungry, tired, and need some relief. You are the relief.” I was stunned. Now Jack was giving me away to his clients, what the hell would be next. 

Both men walked around me, their hands roaming all over my body. They seemed intrigued by the pink thongs and kept up a constant banter in their native language. I could only imagine what they were saying. 

Mr. R stayed behind me, Mr. W removed his pants, leaving his suit coat, tie, and shirt on. He then sat down on the couch and spread his legs. “Come Mickey, you suck.” 

I walked the few steps to the couch and knelt done in front of him. Mr. R grabbed the back of the thongs and yanked straight up. “You stand and suck,” he said while kicking my legs apart. The pressure from him pulling me up by the thong had caused my balls to ache and forced the thong strap deeper in my ass crack. 

I bent over and took Mr. W’s dick in my mouth and started sucking him. Then I felt Mr. R’s hand fondling my ass, then my balls, then my dick, and back to my ass. Out of nowhere, he slapped my ass as hard as Jack had done earlier. Then he’d fondle me, then slap my ass, and then fondle me. This went on for the entire 15 minutes it took for Mr. W to shoot his load in my mouth. 

Mr. R and Mr. W traded places. Mr. R was about the same size as Mr. W but he wanted to help. He placed his hands on the back of my head and started fucking my mouth. Mr. W was behind me and had moved the thong away so my balls were hanging free and my hardening dick had some room to grow. As Mr. R was face fucking me, Mr. W was playing with my balls. The longer he fondled my balls the more pressure he applied. He was squeezing my balls so tight that by the time Mr. R finished with my mouth, my balls had been mauled and I was in pain. 

I was left standing there with the thong pulled to the side, my balls hanging down and my hard dick standing straight up. Jack handed me a piece of paper, written on it was the name of an upscale hotel in town, a room number, and 6:00 pm. “Be there,” was all Jack said as the three men walked out. 

I stood there not knowing what to do. Five minutes or so pass before Ms. Redhead walked in carrying my clothes. I started to move the thong back to cover my exposed parts when she said, “Don’t,” as she walked up to me. She dropped my clothes on the floor and started gently rubbing my exposed balls and cock. She then reached up with her free hand and wiped the corner of my mouth. 

“A little messy aren’t we?” she commented with a sweet and soft smile. She continued to rub my dick and balls causing me to close my eyes and enjoy the sensation. As my breathing started to increase and my hips rotated to her hand movements, she stopped. She gave a little squeeze to the head and said, “ Mr. O would be upset if you made a mess on his carpet.” With that, she turned and left. 

I dressed and left without seeing anyone except the man sitting at the desk outside the double doors in the hall. I sat in my car outside Jack’s office building and fought back tears. Just days ago I was a straight married man, now I had suck 4 different men and lost count of how many times they had cum in my mouth. To top it off, I had been humiliated in front of a beautiful woman. I was losing it and then I remembered my night wasn’t over. 

I went back to my office, I really don’t know why except to try and get my mind off what was happening to me. It didn’t work. I sat at my desk feeling sorry for myself and calling myself names. Gay boy, slut, cock sucker, dick lover, and even cum bucket. As I did, I was unconsciously rubbing my dick and I was rock hard. My mind versus my body again and my body was winning. 

I arrived at the hotel at the appointed time and knock on the room number given. Mr. R opened the door, said nothing and walked away. I walked in the door and just stood, waiting. The room was a suite with a small kitchen area, a large living area and two bedrooms on opposite ends. Mr. R motioned me towards him but as I got about half way to him he stopped me. “Strip,” was all he said. 

I removed my shirt and was trying to decide where to put it when M. R pointed to a metal briefcase and said, “Here.” I finished undressing; including the pink thongs and all the clothes went in the same case. Standing there naked, Mr. R said “Close and lock.” He was short on words but I realized all my clothes would be locked in a mental briefcase and the only escape I had would be to run naked. I didn’t like this.

Mr. W walked up behind me and cuffed my hands behind my back. He then knelt in front of me and started sucking my dick. I was hard in no time and ready to explode when he stopped and placed a mental ring at the base of my dick. As he tightened the ring, he said, “You stay hard now.” He then fastened and tightened a leather band around my scrotum above my balls then attached a short chrome chain to the leather. The weight of the chain, although minor, pulled the leather down on my balls and in my excited state, caused some pain. Mr.R forced my mouth open and a rubber ball was pushed in and strapped behind my head. He attached a small hose to the ball and pumped it with air filling my mouth completely. I concentrated on breathing through my nose. I was lead by the small chain attached to the strap on my balls to a rectangle table in the kitchen area. I was bent over the long side of the table while one of the men secured my ankles to the table legs and the other stretched and secured my arms so that my face was hanging over the edge of the table. My ass was completely exposed and vulnerable, my balls were hanging down, and my dick was pushing at the underside of the table. 

I was left that way for 15 minutes or so until I felt a hand stroking my dick. The ring was removed and the hand continued to stroke me, gently, almost caring. Then I felt a tremendous pain on my ass. One of then was spanking my ass and he wasn’t using his hand. I tried to concentrate and I could hear a slight noise before the intense burning on my ass. After 10 strokes of this, a small, very thin, leather belt was dangled in front of me. “Only 10 more, or 20, maybe,” he said while laughing. 

The stroking of my dick combined with the whipping on my ass had me close to orgasm. Just as I was ready to explode the stroking stopped and the ring was replaced and tightened even more than before. I didn’t know who was doing what but I’m sure a different man delivered the last six strikes with the belt. The pain was intense, my ass was on fire, tears were rolling down my face and I was close to passing out. 

I was left in this position until the men returned both dressed in robes, it was obvious they had showered. They untied the bindings, cuffed my hands behind my back and stood me up. Mr. R said, “you be good now?” I started to explain to the asshole that I hadn’t done anything wrong but the pain in my ass made me decided different. I nodded yes. The gag was removed and I was lead back into the living area. Mr. R removed his robe and sat naked on the couch. 

“You suck, on knees slut boy.” Mr. W slapped my ass and I moved and knelt in front of Mr. R. I was determined not to have my ass beat again so I did my best. I licked his balls and sucked almost his entire shaft in my mouth. I took my time and he exploded in my mouth about 30 minutes later. 

45 minutes later and Mr. W had filled my mouth in the same way. Minutes after Mr. W had filled my mouth with his hot cum, there was a knock on the door. Both men tied their robes and room service was let in the room. Sometime during all the sucking, someone had ordered dinner and it was being served. A young Hispanic man entered with the room service cart and he kept looking at me. I must have been a sight. On my knees, hands bound behind me, a cock ring, a leather band around my ball sack, and a very red ass. He uncovered the food and arranged it on the table looking at me and back at what he was doing. He handed the check to Mr. R and stepped back waiting for him to sign it and tip him. His eyes never left me while he waited. Mr. R handed the room service man the signed receipt and had a $ 20.00 bill in his hand. He waved the twenty in the air and asked the young man if he wanted a tip or, looking at me, if he wanted a tip. The young man, still staring at me, said, “I want a tip.” He walked over to me, undid his trousers letting them fall to the floor then pulled his underwear down. Hanging inches from my face was an circumcised cock about 7” long and still soft. “you better be worth $20.00 you white whore.” 

He held his soft cock in one hand, grabbed a handful of my hair with his other hand and forced his cock in my mouth. I didn’t suck him, he fucked my face. The harder his dick got, the harder he fucked my face. He was young and very horny, he started shooting hot cum within minutes. The difference between this young man and the older men I had been sucking was that he had loads of hot cum to squirt in my mouth. He must have squirted for at least 10 seconds. I did my best to swallow it all but a lot dribbled out the corners of my mouth. 

He regained his composure, pulled up his pants, turned to Mr. R and Mr. W and said “Thanks.” 

As he was leaving, he asked, “Do you want me to have someone pick up the dirty dishes?” Mr. R said, “yes, please,”

The young man explained that he was off but would make sure someone would be there to clean up. He thanked the men again and left. I was called to stand next to Mr. R as he ate and had the cock ring removed. In between bites of food, Mr. R attached small bell type weights to the chain hanging from the leather strap on my balls. The weights pulled the strap down causing additional pain in my already full and sensitive nuts. He then attached clamps to my nipples and added 2 weights to the chain on the clamps. With two more weights added to he chain around my nuts and the intense pain in my nipples, it was all I could do to stand. Each man then picked up a bamboo stick. The sticks were very thin and about 4 feet long. Mr. R used his stick to push the weights around my nuts back and forth. The weights were now acting like a pendulum and causing more pain. Mr. W used his stick to lift the weights hanging from my nipples and then let them drop. I was in intense pain. The combination of the pain in my nuts, my nipples, and my sore ass was too much. My knees buckled and I dropped to the floor in tears. 

I lay there crying while both men removed the clamps and the strap between my legs. I don’t remember much of the next hour or so but I do know that I sucked two more Hispanic men after they cleaned up the dirty dishes.

Mr. R took the cuffs off me and handed me a bag. He said,” Jack say you wear,” and both men sat to watch. I asked if I could clean my face and was told no. I opened the bag and was horrified. There was a woman’s outfit complete with wig and heels. I told them there was no fucking way I was going out in public dressed like that. I wanted my clothes. Mr. R got up, picked up the briefcase with my clothes and handed it to me. I tried to open it and remembered it was locked. You go now, said Mr. W. 

I then realized I could walk out of the hotel naked or dressed in woman’s clothing. Both men were laughing uncontrollably.