 Jack’s parting words of, “you can keep those three pictures, I have better pictures at home,” still rang in my head. I felt humiliated by what had just happened and stupid for letting it happen but I still had a raging hard on. I jacked off to the thoughts of recent events and had an explosive orgasm. Sleep that night was difficult at best. 

I went to work the next morning and the more involved I became in work the less I thought about Jack. I had completely put the incident out of my mind until I heard Jack’s voice on the other end of the phone. 

“Mickey, be at my house at 1:00 this afternoon.”

“But Jack” I tried to argue as he said, “Shut up and listen. Be here at 1:00 wearing just a pair of those sexy wind shorts you and Cindy run in. Since you wanted to argue, you can wear a pair of Cindy’s sexy panties on under the shorts too. White with some lace, maybe even some thongs.” He hung up before I could continue to protest. 

Being in sales allowed me the freedom from the office when I needed it. I ran all my choices through my head as I sat in my office. What the hell was I going to do? This could not continue, I am not gay or even bi and Cindy was due home tomorrow evening. I was going to have to put a stop to this. As I was thinking about my plan of action with Jack, my phone rang. 

I answered the phone and it was Jack, “you have e-mail,” he said and hung up. 

I opened my e-mail and the attachment on my screen was a clear and well-lit picture of me plainly naked and obviously playing with my very hard dick. This was also taken through the partially opened blinds but it was obvious what I was doing. I sat slumped in my chair cursing myself for being so stupid.

I arrived home at 12:45 and changed into the running shorts and a pair of Cindy’s panties. I had the strange feeling of violating her trust even more by bringing her clothing into these sick events. I walked across the street and rang Jack’s doorbell, nervous and shaking. 

“Come on in Mickey boy.” Jack said with a smirk on his face. 

He placed his hand on my shoulder and turned me to my right. “Up against the wall and spread your legs.” 

I did as I was told and felt his knee between my legs, resting firmly against my balls. “Put your hands behind your back” he commanded. 

I tried to protest, telling him I’d do what he wanted. I felt more pressure from his knee against my balls and he said “Behind your back, boy.”

As soon as I moved my hands behind me, I felt cold metal around my wrist and heard the familiar sound of handcuffs clicking. Jack moved a way and told me to turn around. As I stood facing Jack, he leaned forward and removed my running shorts leaving me standing in his entry wearing nothing but white lacy panties. 

“Very nice” was his comment as he started rubbing my crotch and my ass. “Very nice Mickey. Cindy has great taste in panties. They are a little tight on you but they’ll do for now. Follow me.”

I followed Jack into his living room where he pulled off his T-shirt and removed his shorts. I was standing next to a naked man wearing nothing by my wife’s panties with my hands cuffed behind my back. Jack leaned up against the wall, spread his legs and said, “Come here and kneel down.” 

I was kneeling in front of Jack with his cock hanging inches from my face, the second time in two days and only the second time in my life. Jack then ordered,“open your mouth and suck on just the head.” 

As I was kneeling, in my wife’s panties with a cock in my mouth, I heard the sound of a camera clicking and the light of a flash. To my right was a naked man with a camera and before I could react, he had flashed 3 pictures. I spit Jack’s cock out, stood up and started yelling at Jack. Suddenly, I felt the sting of Jack’s hand on my cheek. Then again and again as Jack slapped my face causing me to stop yelling and back up. 

Jack said, “Listen you little gay bitch, I’m surprised everything went the way it did yesterday, those pictures of you simply jacking off were not very damaging. You must be jacking off for a reason and I guess that reason is that Cindy’s not giving you any. So, that means she giving it away to someone else or she’s too busy at work to think about sex with you. Those pictures may have caused you some embarrassment but that would have been it. Hell, if she had seen them, it might have been the boost your sex life needed. The pictures we just took and the pictures I plan on taking are very different. You have two choices now, do exactly as I say or loose your life as you know it now.” I hung my head knowing what Jack had said was true. He continued as if on clue, “you are going to be my own personal cock sucking slut and there is nothing you can do about it, unless you want to lose your current lifestyle and happy family. Now get your gay ass over here and start sucking my cock.” 

As I knelt in front of Jack and took his cock in my mouth, he said to the still unknown stranger, “Go to my computer, e-mail those pictures to yourself, put the floppy disk in the safe, lock it and come back here.” I learned later that the camera was a digital and the pictures were captured to a standard floppy. Now this stranger would have pictures of me sucking Jack’s cock. Jack now had extra insurance. 

I figured I might as well make the best of my situation and sucked on Jack as best as I could. As I sucked his cock, the stranger was back taking more pictures. I didn’t fight it this time, if he had 2 or 3 pictures what did 10 or 20 more matter? I felt Jack tense and he was squirting hot cum in my mouth. He must have been very horny yesterday because he didn’t cum as much this time but it still tasted hot, sticky and salty. 

Jack left his cock in my mouth until it softened and fell out with a plop. He leaned against the wall with his eyes closed for a good five minutes and finally said, “Damn boy, you’re good.” He said as if it were a compliment I should be proud. 

Jack looked at the stranger and asked him if he wanted to borrow his cocksucker. The man was grinning from ear to ear as he walked across the room. This is the first time I really looked at him. He was in his early forties, Jack’s height, slim, tone, tan, and no body hair. He looked vaguely familiar for some reason. He changed places with Jack and held his already hard cock in his hand and said, “Open your mouth bitch.” 

He rammed his cock in my mouth and Jack started taking pictures. After a few minutes Jack told the stranger to slow down and not to cum. He wanted to look at the pictures, lock them up and he had an idea for us. The stranger stopped pumping his cock in my mouth and I started a slow sucking pace and alternated from sucking to licking his shaft and balls. 

Jack came back in the room and told us to follow him; he led us to a bedroom. My own dick was hard and sticking out the top of Cindy’s panties and pre cum was running down my shaft and onto the white panties. Jack had the stranger lay on his back with his legs spread. Jack then grabbed my balls and squeezed hard. “I’m going to take the cuffs off, you’ve been a good boy so far, don’t screw up,” he said as he glared into my eyes. His eye contact was so intense I lowered my eyes to the floor. I had sucked his cock twice, been slapped around and scolded like a child and now, I couldn’t look him in the eye.   

With the cuffs removed, Jack had me remove Cindy’s panties and kneel on the bed between the stranger’s legs. “You may now suck his cock,” Jack said and I thought I heard some glee in his voice. Being in this position, on my knees, legs spread, and my ass in the air made me very uncomfortable since Jack was unoccupied. 

I felt his weight on the bed behind me and his hand wrap around my hard dick. As he slowly stroked my dick a finger with some type of lubricant found and was pushing against my asshole. I started shaking my head side to side and moaning no, no, when Jack said, “you can let me loosen your ass up a little at a time or you can take my dick up your ass right now." 

The day before yesterday I was a straight married man and now I’m kneeling naked on a bed with a hard cock in my mouth, a finger up my ass and a man stroking my dick. To make matters worse, I was hard, horny and ready to explode. Jack placed a second finger in my virgin ass as he stopped stroking my dick. The stranger placed both hands on the back of my head and his hips were coming off the bed. He was fucking my mouth. He pushed into my mouth and violently pulled down on the back of my head. He started to cum with his cock deep in my throat and I tried my best not to choke or gag on all his milky liquid. Tried as I did, some still spilled out of my mouth and onto his cock. As I started to raise my head, Jack pushed my face down to the strangers cock and said, “ clean that mess up boy, I’ve told you not to let any spill. You are to swallow every drop you are given.” 

Jack kept up his two-finger assault on my ass while I licked the stranger clean. As I was finishing, Jack buried his fingers deep in my ass and held them there. He then pulled his fingers out very slowly, my ass muscles involuntarily squeezed his fingers, Jack laughed and commented on how much I must enjoy having something in my ass. My humiliation was headed into an even deeper pit. 

“My fingers are dirty, boy. You’ll have to start giving yourself enemas on a regular basis, starting tonight. If you don’t have the equipment, you can either buy it or come over here tonight and my wife and I will do it for you.” This was the first time Jack had mentioned Janice and the very thought had me extremely worried. Janice was Jack’s age but had physically let herself go for a long time. She was short and round, wore clothes from a different era and had the grandma hairdo to match. That’s probably why the neighborhood rumor mils had Jack with a girlfriend. 

Jack came back in the room from presumably washing his hands. “Follow me into the living room.”  

Jack nodded at the stranger and the stranger asked, “you a little horny Mickey?” 

“Yes” was my response. “Yes what, he asked. I lowered my head and said, “Yes Sir.” “Lay on the floor on your back, spread your legs and bend your knees.” I did as I was told fearing that my ass was in for another assault. But instead the stranger knelt between my legs and started gently stroking my dick and playing with my balls. I closed my eyes, enjoying the attention and was nearing orgasm when his stroking went into slow motion. It was driving me crazy and then he stopped. I opened my eyes to see Jack standing next to me holding a camcorder. “ Jack off Mickey,” was all he said.

In my condition, that was all I needed. I grabbed my dick and stroked it as fast as I could, not caring that Jack was filming. I came with earth shattering intensity, so much so that I didn’t notice the stranger had cupped his hand and captured all my cum. “Open your mouth,” he commanded. I did and he poured my own sperm in my mouth, all the while Jack was filming. The stranger turned his hand over and wiped what was left all over my face. He then told me to lick his hand clean. 

Jack started laughing and said, “That was great, what a movie clip.” Jack then told me to get up.

“I’ve had enough of this slut for now” Jack said to the stranger, he turned to me and told me to get his shorts. He had me kneel in front of him while he stepped into his shorts but not without one last command to slowly suck the length of his cock. Jack picked up Cindy’s panties, stuck them in his shorts and rubbed his crotch. He then threw the panties to the stranger and he did the same. 

Jack told me to ask if I could wear my wife’s panties home and with some teasing, I was given the panties and told to put them on. Jack picked up my running shorts and walked to the front door motioning for me to follow. Jack opened the door still holding my shorts and told me to leave. 

“Please Jack, not like this. Please don’t make me walk across the street in Cindy’s panties, please let me have my shorts,” I was begging and almost in tears. 

“I’ll see you tomorrow slut,” and with those words, Jack tossed my shorts on the front porch and closed the door behind me.