 Cindy left with Ms. Erin after eating breakfast. The only thing said to me that morning was to make sure I put the cream on my ass and to finish all the chores she left for me, written on a piece of paper. 

Cindy returned home about 6:00, told me she was taking a nap and to wake her at 7:00. She also told me to be showered and naked when I woke her. 

I stood at the foot of her bed and called her name. She climbed out of bed, naked and looked absolutely beautiful. I could feel my cock start to stiffen in the cage. 

"Get me a glass of wine," was all she said as she walked in the bathroom.

I left her wine on the bathroom countertop and walked out while she showered. She walked into our living room and was drop dead gorgeous. Cindy was wearing a tight, black, almost formal dress that showed her legs and her breast almost to the nipple. 

"How do I look," she asked.

"Good enough to eat."

"You might get your wish," she giggled as she walked out the door. 

At 2:30 the closing of the front door woke me and I heard Cindy walking down the hall. She opened my door, turned on the overhead light and pulled the sheet and blanket, leaving me lying there naked. 

"On your back," she commanded. With that she crawled on my bed and pulled the dress up to her waist. She wasn't wearing panties and I could see she had been fucked, her pussy lips were swollen and there was cum leaking. 

"You said I looked good enough to eat, here's your chance" and she lowered her pussy to my face. She smelled and tasted bad but I did what she wanted. She rode back and forth on my face using my mouth, tongue, and nose for her own satisfaction and to further humiliate me. After 20 minutes or so she clamped her legs around my head and came. She got up and left.

Cindy slept late Sunday and spent most of the afternoon by the pool. I was in a pink thong and waited on her hand and foot. 

I was almost happy when Monday arrived and I went back to work. The next few days were fairly uneventful. I worked, went home, made dinner, cleaned up around the house and Cindy stayed to herself. 

Wednesday morning I got a call to be at the VP's office at 11:00. Now, my boss was VP of sales, this was his boss, Curtis the VP of the entire company and I had never been called to his office. 

I walked into his office right at 11:00, "have a seat Mike."

"Thank you Sir"

"Mike, I have a letter here from your wife requesting that you work Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday only. When I received this letter, my first reaction was to fire you, I couldn't figure out how a man would allow his wife to interfere in his workplace. What's going on here? Why did Cindy write to me instead of you just walking in here and asking?"

I wished I could just melt in the chair. "I had no idea she did that Sir but I am very happy working here and working 5 days a week."

"I see, well a friend of mine stopped by to visit right after I received this letter and I asked him what he thought. Go lock my door Mike." I did as he asked and was staring to feel very uncomfortable.

As I started back to my seat, he said, "No, stand over here by my desk where I can see you. Seems you know my friend, Jack." I know my face turned red, I could feel the heat. That SOB has involved my boss's boss. 

"He explained to me that you have some very special talents and a unique relationship with your wife Cindy. Now, for you to keep your job and maybe work only 3 days a week, at a very reduced salary I might add, I think it's time you shared some of your talents here at work. Strip Mike."

I stammered, "Please Sir, there has been a big mistake ... a big misunderstanding."

"Ok Mike, I'll tell you what, you prove to me that you are not wearing ladies panties and that your cock is not locked up in a cage and we'll forget the whole thing. Now, either strip or clean out your desk."

That SOB Jack, I thought to myself. "Please Sir, don't make me do this," I pleaded. 

"Mike, you don't have to do anything, you have a choice. Prove Jack wrong or clean out your desk. Now strip or get out of my office."

My coat, tie, shirt, shoes and socks were on the floor and I hesitated removing my pants. "Let's see Mike, take the pants off."

I unbuckled my pants and stepped out of them. "Unbelievable, and pink at that. You look very cute in pink panties," he said with a laugh. "Step over here Mike, I want to see that cock cage up close." I did and he reached out and pulled the front of my panties down exposing my caged cock. " Oh my", was his only response as he stared at my caged dick.

"Turn around and bend over, I want to check something." With that, he pulled my panties down over my ass and said, "Spread your checks." 

"Jack was right, they did tear your ass up. He asked me to leave it alone for a while. I guess it's your mouth today"

The VP stood up and said, "Kneel down and take my pants down." As I did, he stepped out of one leg and sat down with his legs spread wide open. His cock and balls were hanging over the edge of his chair. It wasn't the biggest cock I'd seen but he wasn't small either. 

He got hard in my mouth quickly and as I was sucking on his dick and playing with his balls, he said, "I'm inviting you and Cindy for drinks and dinner on Friday night, my treat. You convince Cindy. Tell her I'll pick her up at your house at 7:00 and we'll meet you at the restaurant." I'm on my knees sucking his cock and he's talking about my wife. I think that was the lowest I had sunk since this whole thing started. 

His secretary came on the intercom and said, "Sir, the call you've been waiting on is on line three."

"Don't stop sucking boy. Hello. Hi there. Yes, you were right, in fact, he has a mouth full of my cock right now and he's even playing with my balls without being told to. You've trained this one well. There was a pause, "Ok, I'll do that and thanks again, it'll be nice having my own cock sucker in the office, I owe you one." 

I knew he was close to cumming with the buckling of his hips and as the head of his cock started to expand, he grabbed my head and slammed it down on his cock. He shot 4 spurts down my throat and then said, "Clean my cock boy and get out." 

As I was dressed and walking toward the door, "Be here at 11:00 tomorrow morning, don't forget about Friday night, and Jack wants to see you at his office at 1:00."

"And wash your mouth, I don't want you walking around my office smelling like you've just sucked a dick completely dry." 

I was at Jack's office at 1:00, my ass was inspected again, given a hard slap and I was on my knees. It was a fairly routine blowjob considering it was Jack. He blew his load in my mouth and I left. 

I was at the VP's office at 11:00 sharp the next morning. His secretary gave me a funny look but told me to go in. I walked in and there was Curtis, the VP, Jack and a man I'd seen around the office but didn't know his name. Curtis said, "Strip and hurry up, we have a bet going here." As I dropped my pants, the younger man of the three said, "Looks like I win." He looked at me and said, "We had a bet on the color of your panties and I won. It was nice of you to wear white today. Now, strip all the way, we want you naked." 

Jack and Curtis both dropped their pants spread their legs and Jack said, "Come here and get started doing what you love." I knelt between Jack's legs and he took my right hand and placed it in Curtis's lap, "Suck me and play with him at the same time."

The younger man said, "No, stand up, spread your legs, and bend over to suck him, I want to look at that ass." I didn't like this, I was very exposed and my ass was just getting back to normal, I didn't want another assault on my asshole. 

I was sucking on Jack and playing with Curtis' dick and balls when I felt a lubed finger inserted in my ass. I lifted off Jack's cock and pleaded with them to leave my ass alone, telling them that I hadn't healed yet. Jack's response was, "Shut up and suck my cock or all 3 of us will fuck you." 

It was difficult to hold my weight up and balance myself with just my left hand but my mouth and right hand were busy with dicks. I felt two fingers pushed into my ass and it really didn't hurt too bad, guess I had been stretched pretty good the week before but I had no idea how big his cock was and I knew he was going to fuck me. He pushed and pulled his fingers in and out of my ass and his pace started to quicken as he grabbed my balls and squeezed. I could deal with the fingers and even the squeezing of my balls so I concentrated on getting Jack off. 

Jack started pumping his hips and just as he exploded in my mouth, a third finger was in my ass. 

After Jack softened, Curtis said, "My, my, what a wanton little slut, come here boy and get a taste of this." Just as I lowered my head to his hard cock, I felt a cock head being pushed into my ass and I tighten by reflex. A hard slap on my ass and the younger guy said, "Relax boy, I'm going to fuck you one way or the other." 

When he was all the way in my ass I realized this was the first time I had two cocks in me at the same time and it wasn't too bad. I guessed younger guy to be about the same size as Curtis, both smaller than Jack. I was almost happy Jack had been in my mouth and not my ass. 

Younger guy timed his thrust so that when he buried his dick in my ass it pushed me down on Curtis. From the moans, I could tell both men were enjoying themselves. 

Younger guy came first, I guess from the tightness of my hole and the fact that Curtis had a blowjob yesterday morning. I could feel the hot sperm each time he squirted. He stayed there as his dick softened and pulled out just as Curtis was squirting in my mouth. 

After dressing and cleaning up as much as I could, I spent the afternoon trying to work. The events of the last two days keep spinning in my head. Jack had managed to take over my life, fuck my wife, and now had me servicing men at work. I no longer felt as if my life was mine, it all belonged to other people. 

I arrived home about 6:00 and Cindy was home. I walked in and the first thing she said was, "Strip and come here." I did as she ordered and was standing in front of her when she asked, "How many cocks did you have today?"

" 3, Ma'am."

"Damn, you're getting more dick than I am, I'll have to change that. Shower and be back here in 30 minutes."

As I walked out of the bathroom and down the hall I heard Cindy called from her bedroom, "In here boy." I entered her room and she was sitting on the end of the bed naked and as beautiful as ever. She spread her legs and told me to stand in front of her. As I did, she unlocked my cock cage and removed it. The feeling of freedom was overwhelming. Cindy then reached up and lightly cupped my balls and stroked my dick, which immediately jumped to full erection. "I think we need to air the little fellow out, don't you?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

She handed me the cage and told me to clean it inside and out. When I returned, she told me to stand in front of her, spread my legs and put my hands behind my back. She then produced a tape measure and said, "Let's see if this little guy has grown lately. Wow, 5 ¼", oh honey, he shrunk a ¼" in the last few weeks. Poor little baby." It was one complete humiliation after another; even my wife was enjoying it. 

"I've had a rough day, I need a massage. Use the massage oil on the night stand." With that she laid on her stomach with her arms outstretched and her legs spread. I was so excited, this was the first time I'd been out of my cage in weeks and I knew I was going to have sex with my beautiful wife. 

My poor cock was rock hard and I could feel the blood pounding in it's head. Kneeling on the bed at her side, I started at her shoulders and taking my time, worked my way to her lower back. I then switched position and knelt between her legs. I left her gorgeous behind alone and worked on the back of thighs and calves down to her feet. I then massaged her legs from her feet up, when I reached her ass; I skipped it and started on her lower back. I was hoping that if I made her horny enough, I would get to have sex with my wife. As I rubbed her back, higher and higher, Cindy spread her legs allowing me more access to her upper back. Reaching for her shoulders, still kneeling between her spread legs, my cock brushed her ass leaving a small amount of precum on her. 

She rolled over, sat up and yelled, "I let you touch me with your cock and cum stained hands and all you want is to rub your teeny cock on me. Get off my bed." I did as she ordered and just stood there. 

"What am I going to do with you? I allow you, a cum loving, dick sucking, faggot to stay in my house and you leak pre cum on my ass because I gave you the privilege to massage my back? Turn around, hands behind your back." Cindy then handcuffed my hands and led me to my room. I was bent over my bed, legs spread, with my ass sticking up in the air. 

I'm sorry Ma'am, it was an accident. I promise it wont happen again."

"Stay," as she left the room. 

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Cindy walk back in my room, she tossed a riding crop on the bed in front of me and without any pretense, jammed the already lubed butt plug in my ass. 

As she was explaining how worthless I was, and that she was going to whip me for leaking cum on her, my ass started to burn. She saw me wiggle, trying to ease the burning and said, "I see the peppermint extract is starting to work." Cindy started to lightly stroke my dick and said, "I was actually going to let you cum tonight and what do I get for being nice? You, rubbing your dirty little dickie on my ass and staining my ass with your cum. Well, my little boy, not only are you not cumming tonight, you have a long way to go to make up for your pathetic actions." 

She let go of my cock and damn; I was so close to squirting and my balls were aching. She picked up the riding crop and said, "I think 15 will do. Count each one." With that she started. First my right check, then my left and me counting every one. All hope that Cindy would go easy on my ass was lost with the first crack of the riding crop. My hole was burning from the peppermint and my checks were on fire. I hurt so bad I started crying but I counted all 15. 

Cindy took the cuffs off and told me to lie on my back. She then cuffed each hand to the bedpost and tied my legs, spread apart and secured to the bottom bedpost. She sat on the edge of the bed and lightly started running her finger nails along the inside of my thighs, over my stomach and back down my thigh, never touching my cock or balls. 

"You have to learned to control yourself, this is our new life, one you gave to us and to be frank, one I thoroughly enjoy. I don't think you will ever have the pleasure of cumming in me again but you have to learn to behave and give me a reason to give you permission to have an orgasm. Do you understand?"

"Yes Ma'am."

Cindy swung her leg over my head, facing my feet and said, "Clean that mess you made."

I licked the little bit of dried cum, licked and tongued her ass and licked and sucked her to a screaming orgasm. She relaxed by laying her head right next to my raging hardon, so close I could feel her hot breath. 

As she climbed off the bed, Cindy patted my balls and said, "You're still good for something. Good night." She turned off the light leaving me with the butt plug inside, balls about to explode, and the hardest dick I had ever had. Tied, I had no way to relieve the pain and aching. 

I was awaken from a less than deep sleep by the ringing of the doorbell. I glanced at the clock and it was almost 9:00 PM. Cindy must have checked on me while I was sleeping because my door was half ajar. I heard voices but couldn't make out who it was or how many. Then I heard footsteps down the hall and more sounds from Cindy's room. 

For the next 45 minutes I listened to Cindy's moans, groans, her yes and yes, and fuck me, fuck me. From the squeaking of the bed and the high pitch of her voice, I knew she was enjoying who ever was fucking her. 

From the hall, I heard Cindy say, "Yes, a glass of white wine, it's in the refrigerator and the glasses are in the cabinet next to it." I knew who ever had just fucked my wife was a stranger to our home. 

Cindy turned on the light as she entered my room, stood next to my bed and lightly stroked my cock and balls. "How is the little weenie tonight?" She was adding to my agony and her question did not need nor require an answer. 

As Cindy climbed on my bed and straddled my face, I said, "Please Cindy, don't do this to me anymore."

She had a very strange look on her face, almost a smile as she reached down and spread her pussy lips apart. I could see cum spilling out from her pussy and she said, "I didn't do this. When are you going to get that through your head? If you had a dick between your legs instead of between your lips, we wouldn't be here. Now clean me, there is a real man waiting in my bed and I want more of his gorgeous cock."

As I licked and sucked my wife's just fucked pussy, I realized that with increasing frequency, I had no idea who's cum I was sucking from my own wife's pussy. 

Cindy woke me the next morning and with cock cage in hand, followed me in the bathroom. My raging hard on was mostly due to the fact that I hadn't peed in the last 13 hours and as I released my piss, my dick went soft. As soon as this happened, Cindy locked me in my cage. 

"Shower and get ready for work," she said as she started for the door. "But, I didn't think I had to work on Friday's anymore." 

"Did Curtis tell you that?'

"Well, no Ma'am, but I thought "

"Don't think, I'll do that from now on. You've shown that thinking is not your strong point. Now, shower, get dressed, go to work and stop wasting my time."

"Ma'am."

"What now?"

"Curtis wants to but us dinner tonight."

"Why?" she asked.

"He didn't say. He only told me to convince you to have dinner. He said he would pick you up at 7:00 and I'd meet you at the restaurant."

"Hmmm, why do you think he wants to have dinner with me?"

"I don't know but he said dinner with us, Ma'am." I did not like the way this conversation was going, Cindy was thinking and asking too many questions.

After a long pause she said, "He wants to fuck me and you're helping him. Do you want your boss to fuck me ... well, do you?" Without waiting for an answer Cindy continued, "I can't believe this, you are actually asking me to go on a date with a man and you know he wants to fuck me. Do you want to watch, do you want his cock so bad, you'll help him fuck your own wife?"

I started to speak and Cindy cut me off, "Shut up."

Cindy's frown turned into a smile and she said, "Ok, I'll fuck him but just because you want me to." With that statement which was like turning a knife in my heart, Cindy slapped me hard across the face and walked out. 

"One good deed deserves another," Cindy was standing in my bathroom door, "I'll get you a date for Saturday. Maybe invite some friends; we'll just make a party out of it. Have a good day at work honey and I'll see you tonight."