 I don't know how it started. I don't know when it started. I only know when I realized that I wasn't like all the other boys. This is the true story of my first sexual encounter.

Before the budget cuts, my high school used to stage an elaborate outdoor theatrical production each spring. A professional set designer would be hired and long nights and weekends would be spent by the students and their dads to get the whole thing built. Rehearsals would start in February and run right up until the day before the show on the first of May. 

My senior year we decided as a troupe to select a Kennedy Center Playwright Award winning show by a local playwright and musician. It was a musical about pirates, mostly about Jean Lafitte and his Baratarians who helped General Stonewall Jackson win a war. For my 18th birthday my parents had let me go to Washington DC with a civics class and we had seen this musical at the Kennedy Center. A couple of us were in drama and music and we all fell in love with the show. Because it had local ties made it all the more special.

The head of our theatre department was a relatively young teacher. Mr. Abbott was in his third year of teaching and directing for our school and he was open to young, wild, expressive ideas. He didn't think that The Pirate and the General was in a catalog yet, but he said he knew someone who knew the playwright. Preliminary discussions for the Spring musical were always held right after the Fall Drama Festival. But the discussions were pretty heated and we didn't come to a consensus before the Christmas break.

When classes resumed in January, the first afternoon all of the drama students gathered in Mr. Abbott's classroom to continue the discussion. We were already in a debate over whether "Pirate" would be as well received as something more popular, like "Oklahoma" or "A Chorus Line." Each of the other shows had huge ensemble casts and lots of great songs. We had a large number of seniors in drama and we all wanted that one last great song before we graduated. Mr. Abbott came into the room with someone we had never met, but I recognized from somewhere.

"Ladies and gentlemen, this is Layne Douglas, the man who wrote The Pirate and the General and winner of the Kennedy Center Young Playwright Award. He's here at my request. Let's give him our fullest attention." We all applauded and cheered as we sized him up.

Layne Douglas appeared to be scarcely older than us. He had fine blonde hair that he pulled back into a pony tail and was wearing a white collared shirt that tied in the front at the neck. It had long sleeves and French cuffs folded up his arms. He wore tight gray pants down below his knees and black leather boots from his knees to the floor.

No sash, no bandana, no eye patch, no sword, but Layne Douglas was all pirate.

"Thank you all for considering my musical for your Spring production. I understand some of you saw it performed in Washington DC. I would be honored if you decided to put it on, but there are a few conditions that I want you to be aware of. First, I am attired in the typical garb of the day. Young men, you must be comfortable in tights." 

I had never seen a man in tights before and I didn't know anything about a dance belt, but I could clearly see the outline of his cock as it lay against his leg. I was a bit surprised that I caught myself staring so long at it. When I looked away, I could see many of the girls in the class still hadn't looked away. 

"Second, I will be the musical director and choreographer for the production. I have written six more songs, two in the first act, four in the second. I have also included cannons in the sea battle and flying from ship to ship."

With more songs to fight for, and more action, all of us were mesmerized as we tried to visualize the scene.

"Third, I will be playing a part on stage with you. It will not be a lead role, but it's a vital role for the success of the show. I will play the part of 'Pirate with a guitar.'"

That brought it back. Now I could remember where I had seen him before. He had played the same role in Washington DC. All of the songs were accompanied by the playwright himself on an amplified twelve-string Applause guitar. He was great.

"Finale, before you decide, you must listen to the new finale." He nodded at Mr. Abbott who punched a key on his computer and we could hear forty voices bringing forth this wonderful tune about the sea and loyalty and thieves and fighting and victory. When it was over he waited for us to stop applauding before he continued.

"Are there any questions?"

Really there weren't. We had decided that "Pirate" was our Spring musical by popular acclamation and all thirty of us started firing questions rapid fire. Layne answered each one with a bit of smile and broad gestures with his hands. It was clear to me he was comfortable being the center of attention.

Mr. Abbott walked over to the desk where I was lounging and leaned in close, "I hope you try out for Lafitte. It would be the perfect capstone to your career here." I knew Lafitte was the primary male lead and had a solo and two duets. I also knew I wasn't the best voice in our cast. I said I'd try. Mr. Abbott slapped me on the shoulder and said he looked forward to it.

We received the music for the tryouts a week later. Casting would begin on Feb 1 and we only had two weeks to prepare. With a new show like this, you can't go rent a DVD of the Broadway production or watch it on AMC and get a hint on how it's done. This would be a cold read for everyone except those of us who had seen it done in DC. The show would have more than 100 roles. Some of the younger actors would be in several roles throughout the night. Some would be pirates in one scene and British soldiers in the next, then citizens in the second act. Everyone would be required to sing and almost everyone would be required to dance.

For the male actors, there were four lead male roles. There were also six "flying" roles where in the big battle fight before the finale, they would fly from ship to ship on ropes. These were highly coveted. I mean, who wouldn't want to fly?

For the female actresses, there were two primary leads and four secondary leads. Women of ill repute, Lafitte's mistress, and the mayor's wife. The auditions were scheduled for the entire first week of February with callbacks on Saturday and Sunday. The afternoon of the first audition the theatre was half filled. Almost 150 people showed up. Everyone who wanted to audition to be a pirate or townsperson was asked to fill out a form and turn it in. They were in. That left 30 people for the ten leads and smaller speaking roles. This is when the auditions get tense.

One by one each actor and actress got up, did a scene, sang part of one of the songs, and then did a cold read from different parts of the play with Layne himself. While they were auditioning, Layne was on stage, playing the guitar and giving encouragement. Occasionally he would stop a performer, give them a word or two of direction, and then let them start again. If the woman was singing one of the songs by Madame Isabella he would tell them to sing it deeper, more sultry, slower, and let it smoulder. For Lafitte's mistress, Catalina, he would try and get them to sing it simply and strong. 

Finally it was my turn. I had chosen to sing Lafitte's Lament, the song he sings from the beach as he watches his ships burn at the hands of the British. I started by singing it softly, partly because that's the way I had seen it and partly because I am just not a good singer. I heard Layne stop playing. 

"David, if I may interrupt for a moment," he said in a voice only I could hear. "I've seen THIS performance before. I didn't really care for it in DC. I never wanted Lafitte to bemoan the loss of his fleet, I wanted him to feel the righteous anger well up inside of him. As the fire burns brighter, so does his wrath. Does that make sense?" I nodded. "Start off the song with a declaration and then just rip it. Don't worry about the phrasing, it should be passionate. I wouldn't expect a blood-lust pirate like Jean Lafitte to have a singing voice, just a strong passionate one."

I looked at him and tried to understand what he was saying. What would Jean Lafitte say or think or feel if he saw his entire life's work going up in flames?

"There's a fire on the gulf that lights the sky like a sunrise" I half-sang, half shouted.

"There's a cry on the wind that means a man has just died." I felt the passion like a fire in my belly.

"There's a sigh on the shore when the victor is sighted."

"And there's not beach, cove or bay where the hunted CAN HIDE!" When I finished I was on the edge of the stage staring out at the other actors, there was a fire in my eyes and I was breathing hard. I had never felt that passionate about a song before.

The next day the audition sheet went up for that afternoon. The mayor and his wife, General Jackson and the ladies of the evening, the British commander, and Lafitte's sidekick, Beauregard St. Bonivenue. The auditions for Lafitte and his mistress were closed. 

When I got to auditions, I wasn't sure who Lafitte was going to be, but I thought I had a good shot at General Jackson or St. Bonivenue. So I waited for my turn to read but my name was never called. I waited until all the other audtioners had performed and then I pulled Mr. Abbott aside. 

"Sir, I never got a chance to read for General Jackson or St. Bonivenue."

"David, you've already been cast."

"I have? It's only the second night. I've only read for one part." I was confused.

"Do the math David. I know you can figure it out."

Wow, I was going to play the lead role in the biggest show of my senior year. I could scarcely believe it. I was thrilled and terrified. I felt a huge flutter in my stomach. I felt queasy.

"David, can I speak to you a moment?" It was Layne Douglas. He was squatting down at the edge of the stage. I walked over to him.

"I know you are going to great job. You and I will have to make time to work together on your solo and your duets. You will be onstage eighty percent of the night. I am going to teach a few tricks to keep your voice strong and how to rest without looking tired between numbers. Lafitte is about passion and leadership, not feelings and friendship. You will be the leader in more ways than one. But I will be right next to you the whole time. Deal?" 

"Deal." We shook hands and I swear I felt something different in that handshake. More of a promise than an agreement.

"One of the conditions of your part is hair. You must let your hair grow. And your beard. Lafitte had long flowing hair and a well-trimmed goatee. And you need to get comfortable in a dance belt and tights."

Great. A dance belt. An elastic waist band that had a single elastic band that stretched from your belly to the small of your back and was meant to hold your cock and balls motionless and shapeless while you wore tights. 

"I might have to sing soprano then, " I joked to hide my nervousness.

"There are ways of being comfortable in a dance belt as well. I can show you if you are interested and can't figure them out on your own." 

I was suddenly very interested in learning how to wear a dance belt comfortably. And I was thrilled about Layne Douglas showing me how. At that moment I had the fleeting idea that being gay was as natural as wind and rain.

The remaining auditions were fierce. As parts were cast, the roles became even more hotly contested. We were all friends, but we all wanted good parts too.

On Friday night, after the final audition, the call-back lists were posted. Some of the roles still had multiple names by them. Only five roles had a single name. Lafitte was one.

"Dude, you really nailed your audition," my best friend Colin said. "We were all talking about it. Nobody knew you could sing that well. You are gonna ROCK Lafitte into the 20th century." I heard a lot of comments like that for that night and for the next day. I had to come back on Saturday to play the part of Lafitte for everyone who was up for St. Bonivenue. Mr. Abbott and Layne wanted to see us together. Of course Colin and I have been best buds since before we could talk and it showed on stage. We weren't acting so much as just hanging out. Colin got the role as my first officer. This was going to be a great Spring.

By Sunday night the show was cast. Rehearsals for the principals were going to be done in two stages. Stage one was musical rehearsal. One on one, two on one, with Layne. Stage two we would join the rest of the cast for the onstage blocking and acting.

During stage one the ensemble portion of the cast would be working in the gymnasium, learning the dance moves, the choruses, and the blocking for the big numbers. The stage was laid out on the gym floor. There were small risers to indicate where there were changes in elevation and large risers for where the ships would be placed for the sea battles. During stage two we would be working in scene groups until the final two weeks when we would start run-throughs and dress rehearsals. From the very beginning there was the distraction of set building, costume making, advertising and publicity, scenery, sword practice, flying practice. It was an incredible amount of work and worth every minute.

Layne and I started rehearsals for my solo in the drama classroom. After I had the words all down we started discussing Lafitte and his history. Finally he told me it was time to work on the blocking. From then on, during rehearsal I was required to where the knee high boots, the tights and the dance belt. 

"If I have to rehearse in a dance belt and tights, so do you. After all, you have to be onstage the whole night."

Layne looked at me with a little grin and said, "OK."

The next afternoon I got the rehearsal in athletic shoes and sweats. When I got there I pulled off the shoes and the sweats, revealing the tights and pulled on the boots. Layne watched and I thought I noticed a nod of approval as I stood there in tights and knee high boots. 

"Turn around," he instructed. "You have your dance belt on backwards."

I tried to get a look at my own behind to see what he could see, but I only succeeded in looking silly.

"Never mind, let's begin."

It was a little uncomfortable for me to be standing there in tights, knowing my dance belt was backwards and Layne could tell. But I rehearsed anyway and afterwards I hurried out.

When I went to get change into my rehearsal garb the next day, I studied the dance belt more closely. There was no clear front or back. The elastic was the same width. I'd been had.

"I see you've figured it out," praised Layne pointing to my crotch as rehearsal began. I looked down in reflex. I was studying my own outline when it hit me. Again. I groaned.

"OK, you got me. Twice." I shrugged at my own gullibility.

"You caught on much faster than I did. It took me a week before I figured out they were messing with me. How does it feel?"

"It's ok. It feels great when you take it off."

"It'll get better," he explained while looking at my groin. I began to feel a stirring behind my elastic from the attention he was giving me. 

Every day was more of the same. A little chit chat and then right into rehearsal. I knew I was taking up most of his time, and he had other students to prepare, but I had the most worked to do. At the end of the third week, we had grown pretty familiar. I respected him as a director and immensely creative person, but I was also beginning to think we were building a friendship that extended beyond the play.

I felt comfortable enough to ask, "Ok, what the secret to making this dang dance belt fit better?"

Layne laughed. "You have three choices: Trim, shave, or commando."

"What?"

"You can trim all the hair on your boys, shave all the hair on your boys, or go commando. Myself, I prefer commando."

My eyes immediately shot down to his crotch. Sure enough, I could clearly see the outline of his dick, head and all.

"I don't think I could go commando. I guess it's trim or shave."

"Shaving is my personal choice, just take your time and use a NEW razor. But you will feel a lot less pinching and grabbing."

That night I stopped at the drug store on the way home and bought a package of disposable razors. While my family had dinner, I took a shower and got busy shaving all the hair off of my pubic areas. It felt strange and exciting at the same time. When I got done I looked in the mirror and laughed. I looked like a pubescent boy. It felt great though, having the wind touching my cock and balls. When I got dressed and headed downstairs for dinner, I felt so sensual, so excited. I had drastically altered my appearance and no one could tell. Feeling my balls rub against my shorts was giving me arousing sensations. When I sat down to dinner, every time I shifted in my seat, I could feel my cock get harder. Clearly this would take some getting used to. 

The next day are rehearsal, it must have shown.

"You shaved, didn't you?" asked Layne Douglas. 

"Can you tell?" I answered, looking down at my outline.

"No, it's just the way you are walking. More confident, your chest is out, your shoulders are square. You are starting to walk like a dancer." He was right. I felt like I was walking taller. I felt like my cock was enormous and I wanted to show the world. I felt like a pirate conqueror!

Layne Douglas sat down in a wooden chair next to the open rehearsal space. He sat with his knees apart. He looked me in the eye.

"Come here."

I did what I was told. I strode over to him proud and strong. I stopped a couple feet away. 

"No, closer."

I took another step closer.

"Closer." 

I was uncomfortable now. My freshly manicured cock was at his eye level. I was proud of how I felt, but if I got any closer, I would be putting my groin right in his personal space. I hesitated.

"Come closer, Jean Lafitte. It's time you completed your lesson in being a pirate."

I was freaked out. Sure I had thought about Layne wanting me. I had wanted him for a long time. But I was young and I had so little experience with women and none at all with men. I couldn't make myself take that last little step between his knees.

"A pirate takes what he wants. He doesn't ask. He doesn't hesitate. If he wants to pleasure himself at the discomfort of another, he does so without remorse or reluctance. What kind of pirate are you?"

I wanted to shout "I am not a pirate at all. I'm just a freaked out high school senior who wants to run from the room or to stick his cock into your mouth and ass." But I said nothing. He let me off the hook.

"Would you like me to demonstrate?" I nodded. 

"Then sit," he commanded. I obeyed. I looked up at him both eager and confused. He did not hesitate. He stepped right into my personal space. I could feel his legs against my thighs. I knew he cock was only inches from my chin, but I dared not look at it.

"Go ahead and look. You want to." I slowly lowered my gaze. Today Layne was clearly going commando under his tights. 

"What do you see?"

"I see your... your.... I see your dick."

"And?"

"And what?"

"And what should you do about seeing my dick?"

"I don't know," I finally admitted.

"Do you want to see it? Feel it? Taste it? Stroke it?"

I nodded.

"Put your hands on my waist." I did what I was told. "Go ahead and let your hands wander. Feel free to explore." 

I was tentative at first, lightly rubbing just his hips and the outsides of his thighs. Layne was patient. I started to move my hand toward the middle, stroking the muscles of his thighs and around back to feel the curve of his tight ass. I had my eyes locked on his cock outline and I could actually see it move, getting more engorged and pressing against the material of his tights. I pulled my hands to his front, forming a diamond around his cock and balls with my fingers, not yet ready to cross that line. I loved the feel of his thighs and his ass. I pressed my fingers upward and felt his flat stomach. I felt the urge to grasp him by the waist and pull his cock right to my face. I wanted to smell it, to see it, to taste it. But I was scared. 
