 I spent the rest of the night moving my clothes into the spare bedroom and doing Cindy’s laundry. Every time I tried to talk about what happened, Cindy told me to hush and do as I was told. I still loved my beautiful wife and I wanted our life back. 

As Cindy walked towards what use to be our bedroom, she said, “Serve me breakfast in bed at 7:30.” With that, she closed the bedroom door. I didn’t sleep well that night; thoughts of Cindy and Jack in our bed would not leave my head. 

I had Cindy’s breakfast ready at 7:30 as instructed but as I went to open our bedroom door, I found it locked. I had to knock on my own bedroom door to serve my wife breakfast. Cindy opened the door naked, turned and climbed back in bed. After I had placed the tray on the bed, she said, “Shower and shave.” I turned towards our bathroom and she said, “Not in my bathroom.” I left our bedroom with my head hung low. 

After showering, I noticed the breakfast tray on the floor outside the bedroom door. I took this as a hint to clean the dishes. 

Cindy came out of the bedroom dressed to kill. She looked beautiful and sexy in a short mini skirt and a silk top, which accented her breast. I thought the top was a little too small and opened too much but I kept quiet. She walked to my new room and placed the clothes she wanted me to wear on the bed. As she walked out she said, “Get dressed.” I saw a pair of blue jean shorts I used to wear around the house to tease her, they were too short to go out in public and had holes and tears around the ass and crotch. She had also put out a tank top and my sandals. 

I dressed as instructed and as I walked into the kitchen Cindy looked at me and said, “Get me a pair of scissors.” Returning with the scissors, Cindy told me to remove the tank top. I handed it to her and she proceeded to cut the bottom off leaving my belly exposed. I looked like a two bit male hooker ready for the street corner. 

Cindy told me to get her car out of the garage and wait for her. Cindy walked out of the house and to my complete surprise, opened the back door and got in. I was now also her chauffeur, I hoped this day wouldn’t get any worse than it already was. She gave me directions as I drove, never telling me where we were going. As I pulled up in front of a tattoo shop I was pleasantly surprised. I had always wanted Cindy to get a tattoo but she said they were not appropriate for someone in her position. I wonder what she would get. As we walked in, I noticed the place was empty and they didn’t open for another hour. Cindy hugged the man and asked if he were ready. He said yes and as they walked towards the back she turned to me and said, “Follow.” 

We walked into a private room with a table, similar to one in a Doctors office. Cindy turned to me and said, “Strip.” I hesitated for a second thinking I was going to watch her get a tattoo and she said, “I told you to strip.”

After stripping in front of my wife and a stranger, he told me to lie on the table on my stomach. Looking to Cindy to reassurance, I felt his hand slapped my ass hard and again was instructed by him to get on the table. I did as I was told and soon felt and heard the tattoo needle on my ass check. When he finished with the right side, he moved to the left side. I still had no idea what was being permanently inked on my ass. Bandages were placed on both tattoos and I was instructed to roll over on my back. The procedure was then replayed on my lower stomach below my navel. A bandage was placed there and I was told to stand. 

I stood naked as the tattoo artist made out a receipt and Cindy handed him a credit card. He handed her back the credit card receipt and Cindy told me to sign it. She was using one of my credit cards and I had no idea what had been tattooed on my body for $ 180.00. Cindy looked at me and said, “Tip the nice gentleman.” He was of course no gentleman, he was big, burley, and tattooed all over. 

“You know I don’t have any money with me”. Cindy put her hand up and told me the shut up; she told me she would no longer accept my silly excuses. “Tip the gentleman, I said.” 

I didn’t know what to do. Burley guy looked at me with a big smile, stood up and started unbuckling his pants and said, “Come here boy.” He dropped his pants to the floor and sat back down in his chair. I knew what the tip was going to be. I looked at Cindy and she snapped her fingers and pointed at burley guy’s crotch. I knelt between his legs and took his soft cock in my mouth. He smelled like he hadn’t bathed in a day or two but I did what Cindy wanted. After getting him hard and sucking for a while, he said, “You were right, he is a good little cock sucker.” A few minutes later, he started moaning and pumping. That’s when I heard Cindy say, “Make sure he swallows it all.” With that, burley guy grabbed the back of my head and started pumping his cock into my throat. He came with a moan and his cock buried deep in my throat. We left with burley guy still in his chair with his pants around his ankles. 

As we walked outside, I asked Cindy what was tattooed on me and her reply was a slap in my face. “Speak to me when I speak to you.” She walked to the car and waited for me to open her door. 

Our next stop was a fashionable spa outside of town. My hopes of Cindy spending time here were smashed right after we walked in. A smile and a big hug to the lady in the reception room was followed by her asking Cindy, “Is this him?” Cindy nodded and we walked through the doors, down a hall and into a small room. Cindy turned to me and said, “Strip.” As I was removing my clothes for the second time that day in front of my wife and a stranger, Cindy said to me, “you do exactly as you are told.” With that she picked up my clothes and the car keys and walked out. 

The lady introduced herself as Maggie but said I could call her and all her employees, Ma’am. She then bent down and examined the cage around my dick. She stood up, looked me right in the eye and said, “you’re not much of a man. Follow me.”

We walked down a long hall and I realize that I was the only man in the place. The employees were dressed in uniforms and the female patrons were wrapped in towels. I was the only male in the place and the only naked person walking the hall. The women pointed and openly laughed at me. I spent the next two hours being bathed, another hair removal process, a manicure, a pedicure complete with painted toenails and had my hair cut short. I was paraded up and down the halls and subject to the same humiliation I experienced around Jack. 

I was waiting for Cindy in the reception room when she arrived. She had me stand up for inspection. There were four women in the room and 3 of the employees came out, Cindy made a big production out of her inspection. More humiliation in public combined with the fact that Cindy had unbuttoned all the buttons on her blouse and had tied it in a knot around her waist. Her tits weren’t exposed but she had left very little to the imagination. Cindy handed me my clothes and told me to dress, eight women watched me and I dressed as quickly as possible. 

Cindy again waited for me to open the back door for her. I noticed she had been shopping but I knew better than to ask any questions. 

Cindy said, “Take me to one of those adult type book stores. The ones that sell toys and other such items.” I only knew of one in town and that was the one Jack took me to. I didn’t want to risk someone noticing me but since it was Saturday, I felt somewhat comfortable. This newfound level of comfort was smashed as I counted 7 cars when I drove in the parking lot.

We walked in the store, me in my short cut offs and altered tank top and Cindy in her mini skirt and silk top tied above her waist. I hadn’t noticed the man behind the counter until he said, “ you back for more?” He was the same clerk that had been on duty the last time I was in there with Jack. 

Cindy looked at me and asked, “You’ve been here before?”

By the time she finished asking questions, she knew everything that happened. Jack taking my clothes, Jack lining up men, and all the cocks I sucked that day at lunch. She just shook her head and said, “You’re pathetic.” 

“Show me.”

“Show you what,” I asked. 

“Show me exactly where you were.” 

I walked Cindy back to the arcade area and showed her the booth. She opened the door and looked around. 

“You knelt here,” she asked pointing to the floor. 

“I knelt and stood there, yes.” 

“Yes what?” she asked with her hands on her hips. Damn, she looked so good in that mini skirt and her top had opened even more. 

“Yes ma’am,” I muttered. 

“Men stick their dicks through that hole and you sucked them?”

“Yes ma’am.”

By this time, a small group had gathered and they were watching the show. 

“You don’t even know who you’re sucking or what they look like, it’s just a dick to you. Jack’s right, you have become a cock sucking little whore.” 

Cindy looked up at the crowd and said, “You don’t even know if you’ve sucked any of these dicks, do you?” With that she walked out of the arcade area and into the main shop. Two men slapped me on the ass, one grabbed my crotch and told me he’d be happy to fuck my wife if I needed any help. Once again, I was ready to cry from humiliation. 

Cindy told me to stand in the corner while she shopped. She called me and as I walked to the counter I noticed three men standing close by openly looking at her tits. She wasn’t even trying to hide them; she was really enjoying the control and her own exhibition. 

She picked up a large bag and told me to sign the receipt. $ 238.36 and I had no idea what she had purchased.

We arrived home about 4:00 and I spent the next hour naked, getting drinks and snacks for Cindy and doing any household chore she felt necessary. 

At 5:00 I was told to put my shorts on, the same shorts but Cindy had cut them even shorter and walk over to Jack’s. I started to ask why I had to go to Jack’s but the look on Cindy’s face told me not to. 

Jack met me at the door and as soon as I was inside, told me to undress. Once again, I was standing in his entry naked. He told me to follow him as he walked into the den. Sitting there was a large, muscled, mean looking, black man whom I’d never seen before. We were not introduced and I didn’t ask. I stood there with my head bowed and my hands folded behind my back. 

Janice came down the hall and as she approached Jack said, “Go with Janice and do exactly as you’re told or I’ll send the gorilla in to deal with you.” 

I followed Janice down the hall and into her bedroom. As I noticed the pole and the bag hanging from it Janice said, “lie on the bed on your side and pull your knees up to your chest.” 

I knew what she was going to do, that was an enema set up. “Please Janice, don’t do this. Can’t we just say we did, I promise I’ll never tell.”

Her eyes were almost sad as she said, “ you can either do this with me or Jack will send his friend in here. Either way, you will have to do it.”

She reached over and while gently rubbing my ass said, “now you be a good boy for mommy. Lay down on the bed and show me what a big boy you can be and maybe mommy will give you a surprise.”

Oh my God, was all I could think of.