 I had a slightly lesser chance of being arrested dressed in female clothing than I did leaving the hotel completely naked. I remove the clothes and started getting dressed. Black garter belt and black fish net stockings. Black bra that had padding in it. As I was pulling up the black mini skirt, Mr. R said "stop, take it off."

I let the skirt drop to the floor as he said, "wait."

He returned with a ball of string and tied a loop around my waist as if it were a belt. As he moved in front of me he said "this no work," 

On one of the tables was a large bowl filled with plastic flowers. He emptied the flowers and filled the bowl with ice and water. He set the bowl on the floor and told me to sit in it. As I lowered myself down he directed me to put my balls and still hard cock in the ice-cold water. As my balls touched the icy water, I jumped and started to stand back up. Mr. R grabbed my shoulders and pushed me down into the water and held me there. The cold water shriveled my balls and made my hard cock go soft and shrink to nothing. 

He told me to stand and tied another piece of string around my cock just behind the head. He then moved behind me, grab the string and my dick and pulled my cock back and up into my ass. The string attached to my dick was then tied to the string around my waist effectively taking my dick out of sight. 

Mr. R walked in front of me, looked at Mr. W, smiled, and said, "dress." 

I put the mini skirt on and the red see through top. I tried to put the high heels on while standing but just couldn't. As I sat on the bed struggling with the damn shoes, Mr. R threw the wig at me. I put it on and felt utterly humiliated. I looked like an idiot, complete with cum on my face. Mr. R handed me the briefcase with my clothes locked inside and said, "go."

I thought about using the stairs but was concerned for my safety. Eight floors in a stairwell could be a long walk if I met the wrong person or people. I took my chances with the elevator. The lobby was empty except for the desk clerk and one bellboy. I made my way to the garage and was feeling safe, I had made it. About 30 feet from my car a security guard came out of nowhere and was walking straight toward me. As he approached me, he asked, "Are you a guest in the hotel?"

I replied, "No, I'm leaving." As I stepped around him, he moved in front of me and asked why I was there. 

I stammered something about visiting, he put his hand on his nightstick and said," you need to come with me." 

"Please man, just let me get out of here," I pleaded. 

He said, "we don't like your type in our hotel, now move" and he pointed in the direction I had just come from. I turned and we walk to a doorway and down a long dark hall. We ended up in a cramped office, dimly lit and no windows. After more questions and more lies from me he said, " I'm calling the cops, you're in big trouble boy." 

"Please mister, let me go. I promise I'll never come back here." 

He was holding the phone in his hand and looking me up and down. He smiled and said, "from the looks of your face, there may be one way to stop me from calling the cops." 

Damn it, I knew it. I felt like I was in some never ending gay movie and I was the star. "How," I asked with my head hanging low? 

"You've obviously been sucking some dicks in my hotel. Suck one more and I'll let you go. If not, you can suck all the cock you want in jail, downtown."

This was a big black man, 6'6" tall and at least 220 lbs, I did not want to go here. All I wanted was to get home. " Please Mister," I begged. He shrugged his shoulders and started dialing.

"Ok, ok, I'll do it."

He grinned, told me to come here and pointed to the floor between his legs. I moved around the desk and stood between his legs. 

"Kneel," he commanded as he stood up. 

"Take off my pants." I undid his belt and lowered his pants and underwear. He stepped out of them and as I looked up, I was staring at the biggest cock I had ever seen. Hanging straight down, it had to be 8" long. He grabbed hold of that massive thing and slapped me on the right side of my face and then on the left side. 

"You better be good boy. Now go lock the door." I did as I was told and as I was walking back he told me to loose the skirt. I took the skirt off and with my dick tied up in my ass, he started laughing. "You going to act like a slut, I guess you want to look like one." 

"Come here and let me rub that pussy." He grabbed a handful of my pubic hair, pulled and said, "you better suck me good slut."

I knelt down and started licking his cock. I had no idea if I could even get it in my mouth. I took the head in my mouth and he started to grow. The harder he got, the more I sucked. After a couple minutes of sucking and playing with those massive black balls, I was really getting into it. He was hard and black and enjoying his cock in my mouth. I realized I was getting excited and my own dick was trying to get hard. Tied like it was, it had no place to go and the discomfort was again turning into pain. This guy was unbelievable, 15 minutes of sucking and playing with his balls and he still hadn't cum. As this thought was running through my head, he grabbed my hair and started pumping his black cock into my mouth. I felt his balls tighten, his cock twitch, one final pump into my mouth and he held his cock deep in my mouth. The first of many streams of hot cum hit the back of my throat. I started counting them, 2, 3, 4, and then he pulled out and shot 2 more streams of cum on my face. 

He kept pulling on his cock until it started to soften. He reached between his balls and squeezed every drop out of his cock and told me to lick it. I licked the last of his cum from the tip of his cock. 

"Stay," he said, as he put his pants on. 

He handed me an envelope, threw the skirt at me and said, "get the hell out of here. If I ever see you in my hotel again, I'll beat you, fuck you, and then call the cops."

I started to put the skirt on and he yelled, "I told you to get out." 

I put the skirt on in the hall and made it to my car. I sat in the car trying to clean the cum from my face when I remembered the envelope. I looked at it and saw my name written on the front. I opened it; on the paper was Drive straight to my house. Don't stop and don't change clothes.

It wasn't signed but I knew it was Jack. This whole thing with the security guard had been a setup. Jack was controlling me and he wasn't even present. I had a real bad feeling.

I drove home and parked in my driveway. I looked around, saw no one and since it was dark, walked as fast as I could to Jack's house. He took his time answering the door but finally opened it and told me to come in. 

"You look like shit, slut," he grinned. " Follow me."

I followed him to the den and he told me to wait. I was thinking, this is the room of my first double suck but my thoughts were interrupted when Jack and Janice walked in. I was totally embarrassed. I didn't know that Janice knew anything about what Jack was doing to and with me. 

"Can you fix him," he asked her. Janice walked around me and said, "I think so. He probably won't pass on the street but I can make him look a lot better."

Jack walked up to me and said, "Go with Janice and do as she asks." 

I followed her to the other side of the house. I guessed she and Jack shared the house but had bedrooms on opposite sides. As we walked into her bedroom, she turned to me and said, "let's get you out of these," and she started undressing me. She finished with the garter belt and hose and noticed my red ass. She lightly rubbed my ass and said something about fixing this. She then noticed the ropes, the one around my waist and the one tied to my dick. 

"What did they do to you?" It was like she was thinking out loud and didn't expect an answer. Here I was, standing naked in front of an old fat woman, dressed in a robe with a grandma hairdo and she was untying a rope from the head of my dick. 

I followed her into the bathroom where she handed me a bottle of lotion and told me to rub it all over, including my neck, chin and cheeks. "It'll make you feel better," she said. When I finished, Janice took the bottle and rubbed it on my back and even my ass. The lotion felt a little hot on my balls and ass, probably from all the abuse they had taken. 

I stepped in the shower she had ready. "Wash yourself all over, Mike."

I yelled at the top of my lungs, "What the fuck." All my hair was falling off my body. Janice opened the shower and asked, "What's the matter?" 

"What the hell have you done to me?" 

"Jack's instructions, Mike. Would you like me to get him?" That's when Jack walked in the room, glaring at me he said, "I never want to hear another outburst like that again." I stood naked in the shower in front of Jack and his wife and said nothing. Jack finally asked, "Do you understand me?"

"Yes Sir," was all I could mumble. 

It was too late. I had virtually no body hair left and there wasn't anything I could do about it now. 

I finished showering and was told to get in the tub. Janice had filled the tub and had also added some type of "smell good" to it. I had no body hair and now I was going to smell like a woman. 

The next 45 minutes was spent with Janice applying make up, fixing the blonde wig, and helping me get dressed. I was dressed except for the skirt when Janice informed me she had to put the string back on me, explaining, "Jack doesn't want your little dickie getting in the way." She stuffed my cock in my ass and secured it in place with the strings again, just like the Asian man had. 

I followed Janice into the den where she said to Jack, "I did the best I could." The next hour was spent with Jack taking pictures of me in various poses. Legs crossed, legs spread, sitting, standing, lying down, it was tiring. Either Jack or Janice would put me in a pose and then I would be adjusted until Jack was happy.

"I think I have enough," Jack said and I thought I was done. I really wanted to go home. 

"One more thing to do," Jack informed me. "You need to thank Janice for all her hard work."

I looked at Janice, smiled as best I could and said, "Thank you."

"That's very nice, Mickey, but Janice needs to be thanked in a special way." I was led to an exercise room and told to lie on my back on an exercise bench. The type used for bench presses among other routines. I was positioned so my ass was on the far end and my hands were pulled over my head and secured with ropes. My feet were spread wide apart and also tied to the bench with ropes. A strap across my chest and stomach kept me secured in place. 

Jack reached down and pulled my skirt up and then cut the string holding my dick. He reached out and pulled my dick free, my dick, balls and ass were hanging over the end of the bench. Janice was standing on the side of me, even with my head and facing Jack. Jack picked up a riding crop; the kind used on horses and used it to play with my balls. Suddenly, Janice lifted her leg and was standing over my face. Her robe, on either side of my face blocked out most of the light and I could hardly see anything. I didn't know what to expect. I was bound and exposed, Jack was holding a riding crop and his wife was straddling my face. 

Janice lowered herself towards my face and with her ass inches away stopped. 

I heard Jack, "Janice likes her ass licked, sucked, and tongue fucked before she cums." Tapping my balls with the riding crop, he continued, " Do a good job, my little slut." With that she reached back, spread her ass checks, and lowered herself to my mouth. 

I was going to be sick, what a nasty smell. That bitch hadn't bathed all day. I just couldn't do it. I kept my mouth closed and shook my head. 

I felt an unbelievable pain in my nuts; Jack must have used the riding crop. I screamed and when I did, Janice was squirming all over my face with her ass. 

"Mickey, make her happy or suffer the consequences." With that, he slapped my nuts with the crop again. I got past the smell and was using my tongue on her ass. The whole time, Jack made sure I knew the riding crop was close to my balls and dick. He lightly slapped my dick with the crop and said, " put your tongue in her ass, slut." After I tongue fuck her for a few minutes, Janice slightly lifted her ass and farted, right in my face and open mouth. 

"I forgot to tell you about that part, Mickey boy. She likes to fart a few times before she can cum." The entire time, Jack kept the crop close to my balls. 

Three more farts and that crazy bitch move so her dripping wet pussy was over my face. Five or six minutes of her riding my face with my nose stuck up her ass, she finally came. I thought she was going to suffocate me. 

As she slowly inched her way off my face, I could hear a noise not consistent with what was happening. Janice was inches from my face and I was still in darkness. Then I felt it, hot liquid streaming on my face. The odor hit me; this nasty bitch was peeing on my face. She must have been holding it for hours; it just kept coming and coming. 

After she had left the room, Jack walked over to me, looked down and said, "You might be a common slut, but you're mine bitch." 

He untied me and made me clean up the plastic that had been placed under the bench. That must have been the sound I heard, Jack knew this was going to happen. "Now you know why I don't fuck her anymore. She may want to keep you busy," he said laughing.

"I'd like a blow job but you smell Mickey, get out of here." I walked across the street and into my home to a ringing phone. I answered it without even caring if it was Jack. The sweet voice on the other end was my wife. After some small talk and my explaining about the bogus sales meeting and why my phone was off, I told her it was a dead battery, she asked " Why didn't you tell me you met George S? (Again, no last names in this story.) 

"George who, what are you talking about, dear?"

Cindy said, " George is one of our junior partners, he flew up yesterday to help me with closing arguments and during drinks last night he said he met you at Jack's earlier this week."

"Oh," I said, thinking George must have been the stranger at Jack's, I never did find out his name. "I did meet someone briefly, don't know anything about him, in fact honey, I didn't even remember his name." I continued. 

"That's strange," Cindy continued, "George went on and on about you, about how much fun you were and how much he enjoyed getting to know you. He even commented that he's looking forward to spending more time with you."

"That's nice," I said. Damn Jack, he had brought one of Cindy's partners into this and they were letting me know it through Cindy. 

Cindy went on to say they expected a verdict tomorrow morning and she had reservations that would have her home tomorrow night but she also had a stand by ticket for the day. She said she'd call if she could but to expect her home tomorrow night. What a relief, after all I'd been through; Cindy's return would give me some piece for the weekend. 

I showered, changed, and locked the clothes and wig in the trunk of my car. That's when I realized my clothes were still locked in the briefcase. I had a choice of calling Jack and probably paying for the combination with my mouth or throwing the briefcase and clothes in the dumpster tomorrow. I decided the clothes weren't worth it. 

Cindy would be home tomorrow and everything would be back to normal. Jack would be out of my life and out of my mouth.