 We both had a drink and he had made the usual small talk. It was now up to me to throw in an appropriate leading question. Something about their bodies usually does the trick. This wouldn't be difficult. An attractive dark skinned man, he stood about 6'2" and was lean yet muscular.

"So, what's your sport?,"

I ask nonchalantly. Looking him up and down as if I was admiring him (Which I suppose I was really!) before continuing,

"Pro football?, athletics?....."

He takes the bait and jumps right in.

"I used to be an athlete, but now I jus' play a little football and do some jogging to stay in shape."

I take my cue.

"It's certainly working for you."

I say with a cheeky smile, as I look him up and down.

He smiles a proud smile. He's body proud and why not. He's pretty damn hot. Pretty dumb too. That was his cue to say something corny like "wanna have a closer look". Something that would allow me to get down to business. Instead we stand there sipping our drinks, smiling and saying nothing.

"So."

I break the silence.

"Is the rest of it as good as what I can see?"

I focus on his groin and subtly lick my lips.

"Oh yeah, man!"

he says, enjoying the desire in my eyes,

"Why don't you come and see for your self?"

At last! I know how to undress a man. It has to be slow and admiring. I gasp as we remove his shirt and reveal his bulging pecs. I run my fingers over them adoringly. Then I help him out of his trousers. He quickly kicks off his socks and shoes. Then he drops his black boxers.

Again I gasp, but louder this time. I stare open mouthed at it. It's a well rehearsed look that tells the client that his penis is the single most beautiful thing I have ever seen. This is what they like. He is no exception. In this instance, it was not far from the truth. I have seen all shapes, sizes and colours in my time, mostly I have been disappointed. But not this time. This time the present was as good as the packaging!

It was beautiful. Long, slender, brown. Silky brown. Smooth. It had been cut. The symmetry was perfect. The dark pink rim of the rounded snake-like head tightly defined the boundary between head and shaft. It was hard, and still growing. 

"Don't be frightened of it, baby"

he whispered, as his 8" magnificence bobbed in front of me.

I move closer and commence to lick up and down the shaft. Like a lollypop. Slowly. Savouring the silky texture, accompanied by his heaves and sighs as he fights to control his breathing. I engulf the head. My tongue swirls around the slightly rough, super sensitive skin on the underside of his glans.

He moans. His fingers dig into my hair at the back of my head. He forces my head towards him. Slowly. Gently, yet strongly. I feel it stretching my mouth. He stops. I start sliding back and forth. Slowly at first, gently, I want him to last, I want to build up to his inevitable climax slowly. I want him to remember this climax. I want to make him scream. Slowly I build the tempo until I feel his ass clench. I back off. 

I look up. He looks confused. I firmly grasp his wrists and push his arms away, and pull my head back, releasing his magnificently slippery tool from my mouth. "Lie down" I whisper. He obliges, smiling slightly, relieved to know his pleasure was set to resume. He stretches out across the rich shag pile. I could have directed him to the bedroom or to the lounge, but men love spontaneity, and this seemed as good a place as any. I lie between his spread legs. 

I suck him inside me, and commence to bob up and down on his stake. I press a finger against his ass-hole. It tenses, then relaxes. It's my orgasm sensor. I keep my finger there to monitor his pleasure. Sliding with a slow, rhythmic motion to the point of climax then backing off. I keep this up. It drives him insane.

I release it. It makes a wet smack as it slaps against his tight stomach.

"Don't stop, man.I..........!"

he pleads,

but he is cut short as I place my tongue behind his ball sack and lightly lick my way to the point of his balls. I repeat this slow lapping motion several times, enjoying watching the nervous excitement build within him, enjoying seeing his buttocks clench and the involuntary thrusts of his lower body.

Sensing he is too close, I take his magnificent meat back into my mouth. He cries out. He forces my head down on his tool. I gag ever so slightly as the bulbous head hits the back of my throat, then it slides down inside me until my nose is buried in his pubic bush. I suck him for all he's worth, contorting the muscles of my throat to maximise his pleasure.

He screams. His body goes rigid. He shudders. He fills me with cum. Hot, creamy cum. More cum than I can cope with. I withdraw. Cum dribbles down my chin. I swallow frantically to catch my breath. Then I lick up the escaping cream with my eager tongue. I clean his cock and balls, savouring every drop.

His lies on his back. Chest heaving, tears in the corners of his half closed eyes. A crazed smile on his face.

"Oh baby", he sighs, "you are the best!!"

"Not bad", I answer smugly, "for starters!

They didn't call me "the pleasure machine" for nothing. Damn it! I was good at this. This was what I did best. 

I start to lick his flaccid shaft. It twitches and he chuckles to himself. I lick it so it is hard.

I roll a condom over the veined pole. Then pour lube all over its head, wanking it gently so as to smear the vital fluid all over his weapon. I place the nozzle against my ass and give it a squeeze. The cold liquid squirts up my ass, sending an advanced warning to my rectum of imminent invasion. My ass starts its involuntary twitch.

Facing his chest I straddle his washboard stomach, delighting in the smooth hardness of his hot brown skin against my butt. Pinching a tight nipple with my left hand I reach around with my right and position his tool. Sliding back and lifting my ass up I place his cock-head against my moist and puckered ass-lips.

I drop onto him. Gravity pulls me down and forces his cock inside me. Deep inside me. I still cannot suppress a moan when a big cock plunges inside me like that. It was nothing compared to his scream. He shrugs his head from side to side, delirious with pleasure and overwhelmed by the warmth and tightness of my hole. I sit there for a few moments, familiarising my muscles with the fullness that only a big hard cock can bring, and giving him a chance to compose himself. 

I push down hard with my hands and straighten my arms. This causes me to rise slightly, gently pulling him out of me by about an inch, before I relax and fall back down onto him. I repeat this process. He moans and gasps. Moans as I lift up, and gasps when I fall back down. He enjoys it immensely but it is very hard on my arms. I lean forward, taking a nipple in each hand, and take the weight onto the balls of my feet. Now I can bounce up and down with ease. I do so. Slowly at first, then build up the pace. I like to mix it up, short fast strokes that rise and fall about an inch, then long slow strokes that nearly pull all of him out of me. I like to stop just when I feel the bulbous head about to slip out though my sphincter, and then plunge down hard all the way. This gives me enormous pleasure, and is by no means unpleasant for him! 

So much so that I can feel him getting ready to cum. I clench my well trained muscles as hard as I can and commence jigging frantically. By now his fingernails are digging into my ass and he is thrusting as hard as my endeavours will allow.

I feel his stomach and thighs stiffen and shudder. His back arches, lifting me up and driving his cock even further inside me. He sighs a relieved, exhausted sigh and collapses back down. I feel a wave of relaxation sweep his body. He barely notices as I lift myself off him, remove the condom and clean up.

He does stir when I hand him a scotch on the rocks. He downs it in one gulp, whilst I sit on the leather armchair and sip mine. He smiles at me. I smile back and lick my lips. He chuckles. He thinks I am admiring him. Actually I am observing him. Is he really enjoying himself? Has he had enough? What shall I do next? 

This is my craft. Giving a man what he wants yet letting him think it's what I want. I offer him another drink. As I go to fetch it he slaps my ass. I know what to do. He has enjoyed himself so far, 2 mind blowing orgasms and no complaints, but he's got a bit ego. And big ego's need to be fed. 

I serve him his drink. Again he chuckles. 

"So"

I say quietly, waiting till I had his full attention before proceeding.

"You gonna fuck me with that thing?"

I gesture towards his big, flaccid cock.

"You can't get enough of it can you?"

he smirks.

To be honest, no. I could never get tired of that beautiful thing. But I kept that thought to myself.

"Of course if you're tired it's OK"

I said nonchalantly.

It worked. His ego detected an attack and swung into action.

"Why I can keep going all night baby ........."

he grabbed me and pushed onto the floor on all fours. 

I heard him put on a condom and felt a rough slippery finger slip into my ass.

Then he forced it into me. Hard. I played my part by moaning and groaning and saying all the things men love to hear such as "Oh it's so big", "Oh my God!", "I feel so full", and the classic "Your hurting me!"

The later guaranteed to spurn any rampant male onto to harder and faster fucking. He was no exception. He fucked me doggy style hard and fast. His thighs made a wet slapping sound each time he plunged inward. I reciprocated with an "Uh!" of my own.

Eventually he reached his climax, clasping my hips and pushing his cock deeper inside me that any man had ever been. I came soon after him. It's just something that happens these days after a really hard fuck. I rolled over to let him see. He was obviously pleased with himself. I had made him feel really good. I had done my job.

He let me drink his cum one more time before he left me with a generous tip, and the promise of a return visit.

If only all my clients were so beautiful.......