 I had always kind of sucked at poker, but never like I did last Thursday. I sat at the table with the regular gang of guys. Ken was winning the night. He was a big guy, easily over six and a half feet tall. Played college football back in the day. Vishni was from, I think, Pakistan. He was Asian/Indian, dark, inky black hair, a quiet type who was a computer programmer whiz of some sort. Wayne was just a short, fat, trash talking guy who drove a construction supply delivery truck. Tim was currently out of work, skinny guy who looked like he was always figuring out the best angle for himself on everything. And why not? Except it looked like if he had to fuck you on the deal, it wouldn't bother him much. Jeff was the oldest of the poker night crew, probably about sixty or so. Didn't talk much and concentrated on the game. 

The evening had reached a point where it was clear Ken was going to walk away with most of the money unless we played until some ridiculous hour. As usual, I was the one who slowed things down and got everyone another round of drinks, followed by another round of drinks and when Tim took out his stash, I was the one most into packing the bong bowl and passing it around. Tim's weed was pretty intense and it wasn't long before no one was really that motivated to deal the next hand.

"Ken's got all the fucking money, anyway," said Jeff. When the game slowed down, he opened up a bit and chatted. 

"Yeah," said Tim, "and he's going home to that hot friggin' wife. Man, those hummers must be nice, eh, Ken?" Typical guy talk, but Ken's wife was really put together. Ken smiled and slowly exhaled the bong hit he had been holding in his lungs. "Uhm, like I'd know, after the first year of marriage any kind of that action went god knows where," he said. Everyone laughed.

"Well," said Tim to Ken, "how about we go one more hand. Loser has to suck your dick. At least then you'd be reminded what it was like." Ken smiled, his eyes chinesed almost closed. "Sure as shit, Tim, but if I lose the hand, I get to just take my money and go home, right?"

"If you lose," said Tim, seeing a chance, "you split your money around the table." 

This whole thing was being looked at as nothing more than a stoned goof the whole way around the table. I was probably the only one who was weirded out by it because, unknown to any of these guys, I sucked cock now and then on the down low. Don't know why I got into it and decided it wasn't worth trying to figure it out. But when I got an urge, I could and would suck a dick like a champ. Ken always the happy go luckier joker, said, "I'm in."

"Me too," said Tim. I suspect that Vishni had done an analysis of the odds or some super brainy thing and he nodded and said, "count me in," very quietly. You'd could always count on Wayne to be irrationally, if not belligerently, optimistic. "Fuck yes, I'm in," he said. Jeff shrugged his shoulders and confirmed that it was his turn to deal the cards. At that point it seemed like everyone was looking at me.

"Let's do it," I sighed. Jeff called the game. "No point in using a game that demands betting and raising stakes," he said, "let's just go high card." I took a long draught of my beer and sucked down another bong hit while Jeff placed single cards face down in front of all of us.

"Wait a minute," I said, holding in the hit, "if we had a betting game, more people would be likely to fold ... I don't think that..." 

"Dealer calls the game," said Jeff, cutting me off. Ken was to Jeff's left and flipped over his card. Lucky fucker had an ace of hearts. "Guess I get to keep my money ... or your money, depending on how you look at it" he said, beaming. Tim was next and he had a five of clubs. He got kind of pale when he turned that card over. He looked a little better when Vishni turned over a three of diamonds. Wayne was in the diamonds suite too--with a king. Finally it was my turn and the way I had been playing all night stayed consistent. I had a three of clubs. Jeff flipped his over cool as a cucumber. "Dealer has a queen," he said.

"Yeah," said Wayne, "and loser is one!" Jeff dealt two more cards face down to me and Vishni. Vishni pulled up a nine of hearts. Goddamn if I didn't have a two of spades. Everyone started cracking up, slapping each other on the back and going "ooooh ooooh." Ken blushed.

"Bet's a bet," said Tim, smiling and taking a hit of his beer. I blushed to the roots of my hair. "I do get to do this in private, right, without you goons looking at us?" I asked. Not sure where that had come from but it seemed like a decent self preservation move once I had said it. We were in Jeff's place that Thursday. He motioned with his hand down the hall. "Make yourself at home," he said. Ken and I awkwardly rose and walked down the hall. I was waiting for when any minute someone would fly the "knock it the fuck off" flag and let the whole thing become just a stoned, drunken boys' night out fucking with your head sort of thing, but I think peer pressure had built to a point where no one dared. We both entered Jeff's bedroom and I shut the door behind us.

"Good thinking with the privacy thing," said Ken, "now we can just hang out here for awhile and go back out, let them think the worst."

"Yeah," I said, "but we stay in here for awhile?"

"About as long as it would take you to suck my cock," he said.

"How long would that be?" I asked.

"Depends how good you are," he said, smiling.

"Pretty damned good," I said, looking straight into his eyes. He laughed and told me I was hilarious. "I'm not joking," I said. He didn't say a thing, just looked at me. I nodded my head slowly and reached over and put my hand on his crotch. He seemed frozen. He never expected this. Except, his cock didn't seem frozen. I could feel warmth and a slightly growing bulge through his khakis. I unsnapped the pants, pulled down his fly and pulled down the waistband of his briefs. Out flopped an average sized dick, about six or seven inches. Looked nice and it was certainly not in a shy mode. I heard Ken gasp in surprise as I put my mouth around the head and worked the length of it into my mouth. I pulled back, pushed him to a sitting position on Jeff's bed and put my face in his crotch. I love the smell of a nice clean and excited cock, there's that alive scent that fills my nostrils as the flesh fills my mouth. Ken seemed stunned. 

But I also believe what he had mentioned earlier, that he hadn't had head from the missus in a long time. Guys love to have their cocks sucked. And even though this scene was weird enough to be mind blowing to Ken, he wasn't about to stop me from sucking his cock. A six or seven incher is no problem for me to deep throat and soon my head was bobbing slowly down to the point where my lips almost touched his balls and then all the way back up to his head, which I twirled my tongue around and around before going slowly back down again. I really got turned on in the unlit gloom of Jeff's room when Ken tipped from "what the hell is going on" completely over to "this feels so good." His hand gently rested on the top of my head, he strained his groin muscles upward and said, loudly, "Oh yeah, fucking suck me." I redoubled my efforts and two or three minutes later was rewarded with a steady spurting creamy load which I happily swallowed. I made sure to clean up any drops from the piss hole of Ken's quickly deflating dick and stood up.

"Wow," said Ken. He just looked at me. 

"Nice," I told him, "thanks."

"What the hell do I tell those guys out there?" he asked me. Tim stepped from behind the door that he had been holding open by just a crack and entered the room. "Well," he said, "you don't need to worry about telling me nothing."

(to be continued)