 I joined a local theatre group a couple of years ago and had been involved in a couple of productions, but only a couple of walk-on parts. Last year I actually had to learn three whole lines of dialogue! So I was really excited when the director, Mitch, said he had a big part he wanted me to play in his latest production. "You're perfect for the part Steve," he said, "it could almost have been written for you."

"Thanks Mitch," I said, "What part is it?"

"Ah, that would be telling Steve dear boy," he responded. "You'll have to wait and find out with everyone else, but I promise you, you're gonna love it!"

We had a group meeting a few months ago where Mitch announced that our production this year would be one that he had written himself and there would be three performances in a local theatre. If there was any demand, we'd do more. Then he handed everyone their scripts, told us our parts, and sent us off to read through it.

I skim read through it on the way to the car park, but it was only when I got home that I read through it properly and what a shock I got when I did! My character is a middle aged married man (like me), who is seduced by a male friend and leaves his wife for her. I swallowed, wondering what to make of it. Mitch said I was perfect for the part - what made him think that?

I mean sometimes I fantasise about what it would be like to be with a guy, and yeah it makes me hard to think about it, but I'm not gay! I wasn't too bothered about playing a gay character, it's only a play and it's a big part, but wait, let me read that script through again...

And there it was. It was only one scene, but it terrified me. I was going to have to kiss one of the other guys and we'd both be shirtless. What was his name? Grant. I looked up the cast list at the front of the script to see who'd be playing Grant. It was Mitch.

Oh God, I was going to have to kiss Mitch!

I read through the scene again. My character, Ash, has gone on a road trip with his buddy Grant and they've stopped at a motel, where Grant has come on to him. Ash tries to resist, but the scene ends with a shirtless Grant saying to him, "Tell me to stop if you don't want it," before kissing him passionately while unbuttoning his shirt.

Ash stands motionless while Grant removes his shirt and caresses his chest, their lips still locked together. Then Ash breathes, "don't stop," as Grant lays him down on the bed and the lights go down as they make out.

I was getting hot just reading it, but at the same time it still terrified me. Could I do this in a theatre full of people? What would my buddies say? No, I was going to have to tell Mitch I couldn't do it.

"What do you mean you can't do it?" Mitch cried when I told him.

"I just can't. I don't think I'll be able to do that scene."

"What the hell's wrong with the scene?" he yelled.

"Nothing Mitch, it's beautifully written, but I'm not gay and I just don't think I can do it."

"I never had you down as a homophobe, Steve. That's disappointing. But if you don't do this part, how can I give you anything more than bit-parts in future? It's a play. You don't have to be gay, you just have to play a gay character. It's freakin' acting!"

"Look, okay, I'll give it a shot. Just don't expect this to go all smoothly, okay?"

Mitch put his hand on my shoulder. "Steve, I get it. You're straight. That's why you're perfect for the role. I need you to be uncomfortable. That has to come across to the audience. You'll nail it."

We began rehearsals a few months back and the big day came when we were due to act out the scene. Mitch had his shirt off, and oh my he had a nice body. Not quite a six pack, but a flat stomach and broad shoulders. His chest was covered in wiry dark hair, and a line of hair that ran down the centre of his abdomen to his navel. I had trouble keeping my eyes off him going through that scene.

We got to his line, "Tell me to stop if you don't want it..." and he moved in to kiss me...

I pulled away. "Sorry Mitch. Let's try it again.

The same thing happened again. "Okay Steve, how about we run through it just for now without the kissing?"

"Okay, I can do that."

Mitch stood close to me, looking into my eyes. "Tell me to stop if you don't want it..." He began to unbutton my shirt, our faces close together but not kissing, close enough for me to feel his breath. As he removed my shirt I felt the cool air around me and suddenly his hands were on my chest, gently caressing, and did his fingers have to linger over my nipples?

"Don't stop," I breathed as we embraced, our naked torsos pressed against each other...

I pulled away as, horrified, I felt my crotch tighten and my cock stiffen. He felt so good... but he'd feel me, just like I could feel a hardness in his crotch. "I'm sorry Mitch, it just didn't feel right."

Oh for fucks sake Steve! I don't give a damn if it doesn't feel right, it's not for fucking real!"

"I'm sorry!"

"Stop being such a goddam virgin princess and get this scene done!"

"It'd help if there weren't so many people here watching."

"Steve there's going to be a coupla hundred people watching this, you gotta get over it."

"I know, I know. Maybe just till we get through the scene once or twice?"

Mitch looked thoughtful, pushing a strand of brown hair back from his forehead. "Okay, tell you what, come back tomorrow night, it'll just be the two of us. But as soon as we get through this, we're doing it in front of everyone; I can't have you freeze on the night."

Next night, Mitch was already there when I arrived, already shirtless. "Hey," he said as I came onto the stage. Then he walked straight up to me, grabbed my face in both his hands and planted a kiss on my lips before I had a chance to do anything about it.

"Okay, was that so bad?" he asked.

I stood open-mouthed, the taste of his lips still on mine. "It was okay."

"Good, now take your jacket off and let's do this."

As I took it off, I thought. It was okay. It was okay. Hell, my crotch was telling me it was more than okay...

We started on the scene and as the moment approach, I was already aroused. He came up close to me and I felt almost overpowered by his physical presence. "Tell me to stop if you don't want it..."

Then it happened. Our lips met and I felt mine part to accept his tongue, sucking on it...

He pulled away, half irritated, half amused. "What?" I asked?

"Your line?"

"Oh. Of course. Sorry."

We started again. "Tell me to stop if you don't want it..." Our lips met again, his tongue pushing its way into my mouth. I broke the kiss. "Don't stop..."

Our lips met again and my cock swelled as he unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it over my shoulders to caress my chest. My breathing became shallow as his hands caressed my chest, then we were embracing, our lips locked together as he pushed me onto the bed. I pulled him down on top of me and felt his hard cock against mine through our jeans. I wrapped my arms tightly around him, thrilling at the feel of his course chest hair against my chest, delighting as it rubbed against my nipples...

"And cut," he said as he sat up, a wicked grin on his face. "Again from the top?"

The intensity of my arousal shocked me, my cock almost painfully hard. Part of me was screaming, "What are you doing?" at me but all I knew was that on some primal level, my body wanted his and it would not be denied by my brain. 

As if it was someone else, I heard my voice breathe "No, get back here. Now."

"I was hoping you'd say that."

He lay on top of me again, kissing me greedily as I opened my mouth for him, our tongues wrestling. No woman's lips or tongue had ever made me feel this way. I could feel his beard and moustache on my face, his lips so hot, our tongues and breath mingling, his hand reaching down to massage my crotch, cupping my balls, sending waves of pleasure washing over my whole body.

"What we got here, Steve?" he asked, sitting up to undo my belt and unzip me, my cock springing erect in his hand.

"Mmmmmm, I'm gonna have fun with this..."

He slowly began stroking my cock, pulling back the foreskin while teasing my nipple with his other hand. I sat up and kissed him as I started undoing his pants, gasping as I pulled out his thick, veiny cock, every bit as hard as my own.

Thinking back now I can't remember exactly how we both got butt naked, I just remember the kissing and the stroking, both of us moaning with pleasure and how smooth and hard his cock felt as it throbbed in my hand. He pushed me down on my back again and took my cock in his hand as he leaned over me, slowly stroking while his other hand teased my hard nipple. 

My body was on fire for him by now and the pleasure only intensified when he straddled me and laid his cock on mine, taking them both in his hand. The feeling of our balls pressed against each other was exquisite and while he stroked both our cocks, I reached down to cup both our balls, squeezing them together, pulling, kneading, squeezing.

My back arched in pleasure, my orgasm building as he leaned down to kiss me again while he stroked our cocks, faster, harder. I reached up to take a nipple between finger and thumb as he moaned, our tongues swirling around each other as we both began to shudder. 

Abruptly, he sat up, his face a mask of pleasure as he leaned back and shot ropes of hot cum over my chest, this tipped me over the edge and my balls exploded, spewing more cum over me. Mitch lay on top of me again, our bodies heaving, our cum mingling between us. We lay there for several minutes, breathing heavily, soaked in sweat and cum.

He rolled over to lie beside me, grinning. "Well I guess this scene won't be a problem now..."