 "Oh FUCK!" Mel scambled off of the chair and backed away from Diana, her eyes wide in fear and dismay. Diana looked at Richard with disdain and languidly rose to her feet, as at ease as she would have been fully clothed and in a boardroom. She casually slipped on her pants and blouse, walked back behind her desk and sat down.

"Close the door, Richard."

He did, making a show of locking it firmly. He cocked a sardonic eyebrow at Diana.

"You really should get that lock checked, Di. These things can be really unreliable."

"What do you want, Richard?" Diana was not about to let this asshole call the shots. Outwardly she was the picture of calm and control. Inside her mind was racing. She knew pricks like Richard would stop at nothing to get ahead. He was definitely going to try and work this one.

"Well Di, I'll tell you...I want a lot of things. But I only want two things from you. Number one -- the DeRossi account." Melanie opened her mouth to protest but Diana held up a warning hand.

"And the other?"

"The two of you. With me. Doing whatever I want for an entire night."

Melanie finally couldn't hold back.

"Are you fucking insane? We wouldn't touch you with a ten foot pole and there is no way you're getting MY account! I earned that promotion!"

"Yeah, babe...I saw you earning your promotion the old fashioned way – on your knees. Nice work, by the way"

Mel turned bright red. She clenched her fists at her sides and spoke through her teeth.

"That's a laugh coming from someone who can only land a job with Daddy's help!."

Richard just laughed.

"Whatever. Now Diana, what's it gonna be? Or are you okay with my telling everyone in the office that you and Mel spend lots of time on and off the clock tongue-fucking each other brainless?"

Diana leaned forward and steepled her fingers under her chin.

"Since you have no proof it's really your word against mine, isn't it? And frankly, my word carries a hell of a lot more weight."

"Well that would be a problem normally,' Richard said, flipping open his cell phone. "But these pictures I was able to take do make my story a little more plausible. This one is my favorite. I snapped it just as you were starting to come." He turned the phone around to show Diana. It took all she had not to lunge across the desk and snatch it. But she maintained her calm demeanor and spread her hands out on the desk, resigned.

"Well, Richard. It seems you've won. There's nothing we can do but agree to your terms." Melanie started to protest and Diana once again held up her hand. "The DeRossi account is yours starting Monday. And tonight, you can meet us at my apartment and we will fulfill your second request. Be there at 10:00"

"Excellent. I'm so happy you've seen reason." Richard stood up and walked to the door. "See you tonight." He went out, closing the door behind him. As it clicked, Melanie whirled around, gaping at Diana.

"You can't be serious, Diana! This is insane – there is no way I'm having a three-way with that snake, and there is no fucking way he's getting my account!"

Diana came around the desk and put her hands on Melanie's shoulders.

"Okay, calm down. Take a breath. Of course we're not doing it – I just needed to buy some time. I think I know a way that we can even the score ---- if we have a secret then we can use it to shut him up about OUR secret." She took Mel's face in her hands and kissed her mouth. Melanie sighed.

"All right. I'll trust you, because there's really nothing else we can do."

"That's my girl!" Diana said, smacking Mel's lips again for good measure.

At precisely 10:00pm Richard rang the doorbell to Diana's apartment. He was still smirking to himself at this incredible turn of events. He had been chafing under the rule of that bitch Diana for a year now, getting overlooked for promotions and being relegated to pissant jobs. And now the DeRossi account would be his, as he felt he deserved. As for tonight's part of the deal, Richard wasn't in it for the sex. He could give a shit about that as, frankly, he much preferred a rock hard cock in his mouth or rammed up his ass. But he knew that this was the perfect way to dominate Diana and her little bitch, Melanie. So he would put them through some paces, make sure they know who was boss. Oh, and he had no intention of getting rid of his little cell phone pictures. Who knew when they might come in handy in the future?

Diana opened the door, tilting her head to indicate Richard should enter. She was dressed in a flowing sheer peignoir with only wispy bra and panties underneath.

"Stunning apartment, Di. But of course I wouldn't expect you to have anything but the best." He took off his jacket and tossed it on the couch, then loosed his tie. "I can't tell you how much I've been looking forward to this."

"Well that makes three of us, " Diana purred. "After you left, Melanie and I talked a little. We realized that it was a bit of a fantasy we both had to have a menage a trois with a man. Maybe the circumstances weren't ideal, but we decided to make the best of it."

Richard smiled, but inside he was a little disappointed. He didn't want these bitches to enjoy this. He wanted them humiliated. Well, he thought, we'll see how we can make this more fun for me.

"Melanie's already in the bedroom," Diana said, taking Richard's hand and leading him down the hall. She opened the door to the darkened bedroom and pulled him inside. There were candles lit and he could just make out Melanie lying seductively across the bed. It was a huge four-poster canopy. Melanie smiled and rose up on her knees, revealing that she too was dressed only in a filmy robe and panties.

"Welcome, Richard."

Although he kept the smirky smile on his face, Richard was struggling not to pout. This wasn't what he wanted at all. They were supposed to be furious at him! He was supposed to get the pleasure of forcing them to suck his cock, knowing they hated doing it. And he had thought that maybe he could get his rocks off a little if he fucked one of them in the ass, pretending it was some stud. But he was not interested in some soft-core bi-porn seduction scene. He was about to turn around and call the whole thing off when he heard Diana shut the bedroom door behind him.

"All ready for us, Rich? Doesn't Melanie look yummy in her lingerie?"

"Uhhh...yeah....that's hot." He replied disinterestedly.

Diana chuckled.

"What's wrong, Richie? Aren't you excited about licking Melanie's pussy and filling it up with your hot cock? Or would you prefer her to be some young, hot guy with a tight ass for you to fuck?" Richard whirled around and gaped at Diana.

"What the fuck are you talking about?"

"Richard, do you think I got where I am by not knowing some secrets? I've known for a long time that you were into guys, no matter how many women you fucked. And I know that if your father found out he'd disown you. I don't blame you for acting like such a cocksman with the women all this time – you had no other choice." Diana actually felt a little sorry for Richard, having to live a lie.

But Richard was having none of it.

"Listen you cunt, you tell anyone, ANYONE, and I will make sure every associate, partner and client of Keegan and Brand gets those pictures of you two!" He was moving toward Diana, red faced and livid, when he felt strong arms pinion his behind him and heard a distinctly male voice speak.

"You don't want to do that, mate."

Diana smiled.

"Richard, please meet my friend Marcus. He's my personal trainer. He's from Australia, as you can tell by the accent. And he's here to give you what you so richly deserve. A taste of your own medicine. But given your preferences, I don't think the medicine will be all that bitter."

Richard thrashed weakly in Marcus' iron grip, but truth be told he was starting to get a little excited. He felt Marcus' hard body pressed up against his back and could definitely feel Marcus' cock twitching against him. He could feel his own responding as well. Marcus easily maneuvered Richard to the bed and pushed him firmly face down on the comforter. Richard made a half-hearted show of resistance.

"Look, I could easily get out of here but I don't want to make a scene. What's the deal? This guy fucks the shit out of me and you take pictures for blackmail?"

Diana took Melanie by the hand, leading her away from the bed and to a settee in the corner. They both sat down. Diana picked up a remote from the table and switched on the video camera Richard had failed to notice.

"Not just pictures, Richie, but a little movie of our own. This evens the score and makes sure that all of our private activities remain private. Oh, and you can forget about the DeRossi account."

Richard struggled again in Marcus' grip, this time in earnest. He wanted that damn account! Marcus held him firmly and casually slapped a pair of handcuffs on Richard's wrists, behind his back. Richard was bent over the side of the bed, almost immobile from the weight of Marcus on him and helpless to move his hands now. He looked at Diana a bit panicked. She smiled back at him cooly.

"Why don't you just make this easier on yourself and relax and enjoy it Richard...you know you will. Marcus is very talented, I understand."

To prove her point, Marcus reached down and pulled off Richard's shoes, socks, trousers and briefs, all before Richard could struggle further. He reached around and took Richard's half-erection in his hand and began to move it up and down. Richard moaned and relaxed under Marcus' weight, seduced by the wonderful sensations. His cock went from half-mast to full attention in no time.

Marcus stopped his manipulation for a moment as he stripped off his own clothes, revealing his enormous cock jutting rigidly from his taut lean body. Richard looked back and licked his lips in anticipation. He had all but forgotten about the mutual blackmail schemes and could only focus on what was coming next.

Marcus grasped Richard's shoulders and pulled him up from the bed, turning him around and pushing him back down to his knees. He held his cock in one hand, pulling Richard's head toward it. Richard closed his eyes and opened his mouth as Marcus guided his massive member into it. Marcus moaned and let his head tip back as Richard began sucking frantically on his cock. Richard proved to have a nimble and talented tongue, sucking and licking the sensitive tip, then taking the length of it down his throat. Letting it pop out his mouth for a moment, he bent lower and took Marcus' hot, bristling balls in his mouth, laving them over and over with his tongue. Barely controlled, Marcus took his cock again in his hand and shoved it into Richard's hot mouth. He was moving his hips now, moaning with pleasure. Richard was grunting, frantically working the rigid flesh with his mouth and tongue. He could taste the precum oozing from the tip of Marcus' cock and knew that in a moment his mouth would be full of Marcus' cum. His own cock was rock hard and he desperately wanted to touch it, but his arms were still locked behind his back. Marcus suddenly went rigid and threw back his head as a hot gush of cum shot from his cock directly into Richard's mouth. Richard gulped frantically as the jets of cum hit the back of his throat. Marcus was holding the back of Richard's head, still moving his cock in Richard's mouth. He seemed to have an endless supply of sperm and his cock was jerking with the force of his cumming. 

Richard swallowed every last gush and sat back on his heels, panting. His own cock was still hard and he desperately wanted Marcus' mouth on it. But Marcus had other ideas. He turned Richard around and pushed him forward on the bed again, with his ass hanging over the edge. Spreading the cheeks of Richard's ass, he bent and began licking his tightly puckered hole. Richard moaned and began moving his ass, rubbing his cock against the bed. Marcus continued to lick Richard's asshole, pushing his tongue into it. He went lower, licking Richard's firm balls. As Richard began writhing faster on the bed, Marcus could feel his spent cock start to fill again. He wet his finger in his mouth and inserted it slowly into Richard's ass. Richard gasped and pushed against Marcus' probing finger.

"Fuck me...for God's sake, FUCK ME!" He gasped through gritted teeth. Marcus was working his own cock frantically, getting it good and stiff again. He stood up and guided the tip into the wet opening to Richard's ass. Richard groaned as Marcus' massive cock slid slowly in. He could feel it stretching his ass to the limit. Marcus began sliding his cock in and out of Richard's ass as Richard pushed back against him. Richard's dick was like a steel rod and the more Marcus' prick filled his hole, the closer he got to shooting his own wad. He grunted as Marcus slammed into him, taking Marcus' cock to it's full length. Richard bellowed as he started to cum, spurting hot jets of sperm onto the side of the bed. Marcus was still fucking him, pistoning his cock in and out of Richard's ass like a dog fucking a bitch in heat. Finally he yelled as he orgasmed again, shooting his second load of cum into Richard's aching asshole. He collapsed onto Richard's back, panting and gasping, his cock still buried in the hot hole. When he caught his breath, Marcus eased his cock out of Richard's ass and rolled over on his back.

Richard still lay on his stomach with his eyes closed, getting his breath and wits back. He could feel the cum dripping from his ass and knew he had been good and fucked. He felt very loose and satisfied. He had forgotten everything else until he heard a click and opened one eye. Diana was removing the tape from the video camera and tucking it away. She smiled at Richard sardonically.

"Now then...we're even. You have our secret and we have yours. You keep your mouth shut and your pictures to yourself and we'll do the same. But the minute I hear even the whisper of gossip, this tape goes to Daddy and little Richie is out of the will."

Richard closed his eyes and nodded.

"Fine. You win. But can you do me a favor? Can you get these damn cuffs off?" Marcus sat up and fished the keys from his pants pocket. He unlocked the cuffs and Richard sat up, rubbing his wrists. He tried to look annoyed, but failed miserably. His cock and ass were still aching with the pounding they had just took, and he wasn't nearly done. Diana caught the look between the two men and chuckled.

"Now that we're all even, I think it's time for Melanie and I to retire to our own room. You two feel free to stay and...get better acquainted." She took Mel's hand and led her out of the bedroom, closing the door behind them.

"You know," she said, turning to Mel, "I didn't think I'd be in the least bit turned on by that. But I gotta tell you --- I am totally hot right now!"

Melanie laughed as they went into Diana's bedroom.

"I know – me too! Maybe there are a few of Marcus' moves I can try on you!" Diana's eyes widened as Melanie put a finger to her chin and cocked her head.

"Now...where did we put those handcuffs?"

Diana smiled broadly and closed the bedroom door.