 So I had a friend named Reshawn in college who also had a serious obsession with poker. We played obsessively, convincing our friends to join us for a game in our dorm whenever we could. When we couldn't get a game in person, we would play online, share stories over IM, and sometimes trade money on the various sites. 

One day Reshawn had asked to play on my computer since his was getting fixed by IT. The next day he IM'ed me and asked me to come down to his room so he could pay back some money he'd borrowed. "Down in a sec" I IM'ed him before heading over. 

It looked dark in his room when I knocked, but he answered quickly. "Hey, come on in, Chris," he said, looking past me, seeming to make sure no one saw me there. 

His room was indeed dark - it looked like he'd been watching a movie. He had no shirt on, which was a little weird to me, but it was his room and his roommate was apparently not around. "Hey, if you got it flaunt it," I remember thinking, just glad that he wasn't overweight - that'd be weird. 

After some talking, he paid me the money he owed me. And, a little later, after talking poker for a while, he asked me if we could play - I would play and he would watch and help. I agreed - always up for some poker - and logged in. 

Things went well. I was making a little money and Reshawn was really helping. I got used to him having no shirt as he stood behind me and offered his advice. He loved poker and was very enthusiastic - it was great hanging with him, especially when we were winning. 

After one nice win, we decided to take a break and smoke some weed. "Why we were even playing sober, dude?" I joked as he rolled a joint. 

"No idea man. Stupid," he replied. 

One hit of the joint and I immediately relaxed. By the time we finished the joint, I was high as hell. 

"I don't know if I could win at poker any more though," I admitted.

"It's cool, I'll put on a movie" he said, and went over to his computer. 

He didn't even ask what I wanted to watch - just hit play and came back and sat down next to me. 

I took a deep breath, settling into the couch, letting the weed sink in. 

He did too and, after plopping down next to me, he stretched his arms out and let out a big moan, relaxing his arms behind us on the couch. 

"So, Chris," he began. 

"Yea?" I asked, wondering what this was about - it had the tone of someone bringing up something delicate - maybe asking for a favor. 

"I noticed a lot of movies like this on your computer the other night," he said, gesturing towards the screen. 

"WHAT?"I thought. "What movies do I have on my computer?" 

Then I looked up at the screen. It was a young woman answering the door in a big mansion. I knew right away it was a porn movie. 

"Oh God. Where is he going with this? I thought all my porn was hidden." I was considering what he could've seen, hoping to God he didn't see some of the more... sensitive material. 

"Bet you know who's at the door, don't you?" He chided, sensing my embarrassment. 

I could feel myself shrinking, curling up on the couch, his large muscular arm resting behind my head. I lowered my gaze and subconsciously glanced at his cock. 

"Hahaha" He laughed with his whole stomach. 

"What?" I asked, hoping I could play dumb. 

"I saw you just look down at my shorts. And I know you know this is an interracial porn. Half your goddamn hard drive is interracial porn - of course you know." 

"FUCK. He knew everything," I realized. I cursed myself for being so stupid not to hide it all.

I looked back up at his computer and saw that the black man had entered the mansion and was now flirting with the cute little white girl. 

"I know you're as curious as this little slut, Chrissy," he teased me. 

I blushed at his words. "Curious? Where exactly is this going?" I wondered.

Suddenly, he pulled his shorts off in one quick move and was naked next to me on the couch. His cock was half-hard and it was twice the size that mine ever was. I gulped. Just seeing his bare chest before, I was somehow able to ignore his body. But now, seeing him naked, I realized he was a very attractive man. I just stared in silence.

"I know," he said, resting his arm around my shoulder now, "never seen one in person, have you?"

I shook my head. 

"Is that the biggest cock you've ever seen, Chris?"

I nodded. It was. 

"Say it," he urged. 

"What?" I looked up at him. 

"Trust me, it'll feel good, babe. Just say 'That's the biggest cock I've ever seen'". Something about him calling me babe made my body tingle. I could feel my cock really stirring now in my pants. 

"That's the biggest cock I've ever seen," I admitted, looking up to meet his gaze. 

"Good, now tell my cock"

I didn't even hesitate. I looked down at his cock and said in all seriousness, "You are the biggest cock I've ever seen". 

"Good boy!" He applauded, "You can kiss it now". 

I paused again. This was moving fast. 

"Don't think," he said, massaging the back of my neck. "It's just a kiss." He gently pushed my head down, stopping a few inches away. "Smell it first, get acquainted". 

I did. My cock was throbbing. 

"Now kiss it gently on the tip, go on babe"

I loved his pet names. I took a deep breath and just let it happen. I leaned down and gave it a little peck. And I have to admit: it felt good. 

"Good boy, I knew you'd come around," he said. "Now, get naked and show me how hard that made your little dickie". 

"Fuck," I thought. "This is so embarrassing." I knew he could see the tent in my pants anyways. I took off all my clothes and stood naked in front of him, cock fully erect, having just kissed his penis. 

"Perfect," he said. I felt proud knowing I pleased him. "Sit back down," he instructed, patting the couch next to him. 

"How was your first cock-kiss?" he asked. 

"Good" I admitted readily, feeling vulnerable. 

"Soon it will be the first cock you suck then too," he added matter-of-factly. 

I froze a little. I wasn't sure I could let it go that far. I had a girlfriend. I mean this was college but I valued my relationship. 

"It's a little late to back out now," Reshawn informed me, basically reading my mind. "You've been obsessed with cock for a long time and now you finally have the opportunity to worship one. Don't let this opportunity pass you by". 

Then he turned to his computer. "Relax though," he said, sensing I was getting nervous. "Let's watch the film."

I breathed a sigh of relief and looked back at the computer. I forgot there was a porno playing. The girl was dancing seductively. Standard porn - this was the part where she teases him and gets him hard. Next she will suck his dick. It occurred to me that I was just like this girl - I had just shown off, and soon I will be sucking a big black dick. 

Reshawn put his arm back around me, massaging my neck again. "Y'know, you've got a cute body, Chrissy." He was using my feminine name again. "I bet someday you'll make a nice girl."

I nodded, not knowing what to say. He squeezed my neck a little. "How about a thank you, boy?"

"Thank you," I said, smiling up at him. 

"Good boy," he praised me. "I bet you've thought about being the girl before. Bet you dream about it all the time. You'll imagine being this girl tonight while I make you my little cocksucker". 

God. I knew I had no way out but he was really letting the moment build. 

He leaned over and kissed my neck, holding the other side in his strong hand. I barely had time to react though - at the same time, he grabbed my hand and guided it over to his cock. "Stroke it, baby" he whispered in my ear as he nibbled around it. 

I was swooning. The weed had really kicked in. My cock wasn't even being touched but it felt like I was completely stimulated. I wrapped my hand around his cock for the first time and felt its warmth as I slowly started to move up and down. 

"Nothing like that little dicklet you got is it?" he made himself laugh. 

"No sir" I responded. Sir? Where did that come from? 

He smiled. "Good boy - you'll be my little cock slave in no time. Soon you won't even need that worthless little thing any more. "

He reached down and grabbed my cock firmly with his big hand. 

"See? I can crush this little dicklet with one hand - you can barely wrap your hand around the base of my shaft!"

I nodded in agreement. 

"Tuck this little thing between your legs - I don't even want to see it," he instructed, slapping it away with his hand.

Without thinking, I reached down with my free hand and tucked my cock between my legs so I basically looked like a girl with a little bush.

"This has nothing to do with your little dicklet, fag. This is all about BIG. BLACK. COCK." He paused after each word for emphasis. I let his words take over my thoughts. 

"You're not a real man," he said, almost hypnotically. 

I nodded in agreement. I couldn't really disagree as I stroked his huge cock while he whispered in my ear. 

"Say it," he hissed. 

"I'm not a real man." I said it without thinking. 

"Tell my cock," he hissed, getting more excited. 

I looked down and pointed his cock up at me with my hand. "I'm not a real man," I said - a bit too convincingly. 

"Kiss it," he said firmly, and I did it without thinking. 

He smiled widely. I was happy that I was making him happy and way too high to stop and think about what that meant. 

"Look at me," he said, turning my head to him.

I met his eyes and my heart was racing. I felt so powerless facing him like this - naked, but with my cock tucked away and ignored while his got all the attention. 

"Don't stop stroking it, sissy," he said - I had let my mind wander. "Matter of fact, here" he said, as he leaned back and put one hand around the base of his cock, sliding it to meet mine at the tip. 

"See that drop there, Chrissy?" I gulped. I saw the pre-cum had gathered in a little bead at the tip. 

"Pick that up with your finger and put your finger in your mouth." he instructed, looking me in the eye. 

I did as he asked. It was a big drop and it felt like a little salty-sweet combo on the tip of my tongue. 

"Yeaaa suck on that finger, slut" I did as he said, kinda treating it like a little cock. Truth be told, I was really thinking about his cock. "Yeaaa now spit it back on my cock," he said "get it nice and wet."

I was basically a robot at this point, just doing whatever he told me to do. I spit the drop of precum back onto his cock and started stroking him. 

"MMmmmm, that's a good slut, you knew exactly what to do - just like your idol there on the screen." I looked up at the screen to see the girl stroking a wet cock while she licked the head. 

"Actually, she's a little ahead of you - I think you need to catch up," he said, laughing. "Go on - lick that dick just like her, give it a little French kiss this time"

I didn't really think about it. Before I knew it I was slobbering all over his cock head. It felt absolutely wonderful. 

Reshawn leaned back triumphantly and spread his legs. "Come over here sweety, on your knees" he said, getting me into the perfect position. 

I knelt between his legs and sat down on my heels, my dicklet tucked between my legs, waiting like a patient little school girl. I looked to him for further instruction, his face somewhat obscured by his massive cock from this angle. 

"Did I say to stop, faggot?" he asked, holding his dick at the base with one hand. 

"No sir," I responded, quickly sitting up to take his head back in my mouth. 

"That's it, good girl," he said, "swirl your tongue all around it like... ahhhhhh yeaaa just like that, Chrissy, good girl!" 

Now that I was on my knees like that, he'd started calling me a girl. I wasn't sure what to make of that. 

"Now flick the underside a little. Matter fact, just lick all around the side, get every little piece of it - there's different flavors all over."

I was doing exactly what he narrated. I was being his little cocksucker - but I didn't think that made me a girl.

"Yes, just like this pretty little girl up here - worship that black dick," Reshawn instructed. "Like it's your favorite popsicle and you've been SO hot and thirsty, worship it, baby"

I kept licking all over, coating it again with my spit, kissing everywhere I could and tasting all the flavors. 

"Now don't get lost and forget about my pleasure, hon," he warned. "You still need to use at least one hand. And keep it pumping - you want to prime the pump for your big load"

He had reminded me of what would come eventually. Eventually, this big cock would cum, and I knew it would be twice as much as my loads. 

"See that, baby, you found another drop of gold," he mocked, noting the bead of precum that had risen to his tip since I started stroking him again. "Stick your tongue out, baby, and put your hands down for a sec," he instructed.

I did, waiting patiently again, fully at his disposal. 

He leaned forward and dragged his cock head along my tongue, depositing the precum there. 

"Beautiful. Now close your mouth but don't swallow," he commanded. 

I did and let my eyes shut as I let the taste flood me again. 

"Mmmhmmm, that's it sweety, enjoy it. This will become your favorite treat," he explained. As he said this, he rubbed his cock against my cheeks and lips. I kept my eyes closed, loving the sensation. 

"Roll your tongue around your mouth, then swish it around with your spit," he was revealing in my sluttiness. I made it audible to please him. 

"Good girl. Stick your tongue out again," I did and he slapped my tongue firmly with his cock, my throat still full of saliva and his precum. 

"That's it baby, just hold it in there. Get used to it. Imagine it's all cum - how strong would the flavor be then?"

I pondered the thought for a moment, letting him continue to humiliate me. 

"Tell me, faggot," he posed, "without spilling your cum, faggot, tell me - what's your favorite treat in the whole wide world?"

"Your cum," I garbled without hesitation. 

He slapped my face with his hefty cock. "Full sentences, faggot," he demanded. 

"Your cum is my favorite treat in the whole wide world," I insisted, though I'm not sure it sounded like that. 

"Good girl. That didn't take long. Now spit it all back on my cock and get back to pumping it. Work out that tasty treat for yourself," he instructed. 

I got back to work with relish, stroking his cock as I took the head back in my mouth. I could taste his precum on his dick now and it turned me on. I could feel my feet wet from my own precum leaking onto them. 

"Actually, I need you to suck on these balls, too, okay babe?" he 'asked', pulling his cock away from my mouth. "But don't stop stroking it - your treat is on its way." 

Of course, I did what he asked again, taking each one gently into my mouth. They were firm and huge and I knew what that meant.

"Oh God I bet he knows about my cum fetish too," I thought to myself, realizing that Reshawn probably knew about all his weird fetishes - not just black cock. 

"Yes sweety, they're full for you," he purred, again seeming to know what I was thinking. 

"You're going to get your first real taste soon, aren't you?" he pulled my chin to face him with his balls still in my mouth. 

I nodded and managed a "mmmghhmmm". 

He smiled. "I love turning little closeted boys into my cock slaves," he declared, insinuating that he had accomplished just that. 

"Let's just see how deep you can take this cock honey - I just want to see. No pressure, but it will be great to see your progression over time." He paused as if to let that idea sink in. 

I eagerly got up on his cock and showed him what I could do. I was a beginner though and I really overestimated myself - I think I fit 3 or 4 inches with him pressing down on my head before he stopped trying. 

"We're gonna train this throat good next time sweety," he purred, "but right now I'm ready to cum just seeing you turn into my little faggot tonight". I smiled realizing how turned on I was making him. 

"Now here's the thing about cum," he said, as he started stroking his cock while I knelt before him. 

I looked up at him eagerly, hoping to follow his teachings. I wanted to please him. 

"Cum is the most important substance on Earth," he said. "Cum is the sacred bond between a master and his slave, do you understand boy?"

I nodded. 

"Say it!" he shouted

"I understand that cum is the sacred bond between master and slave," I repeated. 

"Good. And I happen to know that you are a little slut for cum, too

"Of course he does - he knows everything," I thought, feeling almost defeated. 

"So to begin the process, you must beg for the cum. So go on - Beg for your first taste of delicious cum you little faggot"

I began without thinking, "Please, sir, please let me taste your delicious cum, I'll do anything I'm your little cock slave and I worship your cock and I will cherish your cum - please give me your cum, master"

I couldn't stop - I was saying things I never thought I'd say and he was loving it, stroking his wet dick as I pleaded. 

"Good. Now, stand up, turn around and bend over, faggot. Show me that little boypussy." he ordered. 

I did it right away - with my hard cock still sticking out the back. 

"Hahahaha - that little dicklet has been leaking this whole time!" he exclaimed, "You got a nice tight little boy-cunt though - looking forward to that," he added as he slapped my ass and spun me around and back onto my knees. "I want you to reach behind yourself and play with it your little dickie I feed you my cum, slave," he ordered. 

I did as he said, feeling immediately how wet it was, and grateful for finally having a little release. 

"But don't you dare cum," he added, "Just stroke and enjoy this dick and its holy cum," he said, looking proud of himself. 

I slowed myself a little and turned my attention back to his cock. 

"OK, I'm going to cum now, baby," he announced, "and here's what you're going to do..."

I eagerly awaited instructions, kneeling between his legs, still reaching behind to diddle myself. 

"You're going to get every last drop, no matter what, and you WILL - NOT - SWALLOW until I say, understand slave?"

"Yes sir," I responded quickly. 

"OK, now open your mouth wide and get ready to catch every drop, faggot," he said as he leaned forward and began to tense up. 

He shot streams of cum down my throat and I coughed a little at first, but didn't swallow. A few drips were landing on my chin and I wiped them into my mouth quickly. He seemed to keep cumming though - I mean his balls were huge, but this was a LOT. 

Finally he started to let up, and I had a mouth FULL of cum. I wiped a few more drops around my lips and one off the tip of his dick before looking up at him for approval. 

"Almost hon - but there's always more hidden away," he said, squeezing his dick from the bottom to feed me the last few drops of his seed. I licked them off without hesitation. 

"How's it taste?" he asked. 

I smiled and gave him the thumbs up. 

I wondered how long I would have to hold his cum. It honestly didn't taste bad. I was actually very turned on still and went back to rubbing my little dick behind my back. 

"Now," he said, in his teacher voice. "This is where you say your mantras and make your commitments, understand?"

I nodded, not really having options at this point.

"This is where you are perfectly submissive, right, pet? With your favorite treat just filling up your little faggot mouth?"

I nodded again, feeling the sting of his words but feeling so aroused as well. 

"Now, without letting a single drop slip out, repeat after me," he instructed. "I love cock. I love to suck cock. I will do anything to suck my master's cock. Keep repeating that until I stop you." 
