 I've always enjoyed college football - doesn't everyone?! We all have our teams and get sucked in to the ever increasing crescendo of conference titles, bowl games and national championships. While often a family affair, the constant stream of TV coverage provides an approved respite and opportunity for the guys to escape the weekend chores and huddle-up in someone's man-cave.

And that's kind of how this started. I'm divorced, kids are grown and live alone, so my house gradually became the place for an afternoon or evening with a few guys, a few beers and a couple of games. Over time the crowd ebbed and flowed but eventually settled on the four of us. Me, and three similarly single guys. We all rooted for our teams, but as anyone knows, you just kinda watch the most interesting games on the TV, whether it's your team or not. You pick one to cheer for, and in our case we divided with two of us rooting for each side and feverishly supported whoever it was as if we were booster alumni. 

And we played games that started as drinking games; only when your team scores, do you get a beer. If your team is losing at half time you do the sandwich run. If you lose you get the clean-up duties. Simple, silly stuff. But, on one particular day it started to evolve.

The trigger was a drunken comment about the apparent size of a players 'package'. 

"Man, he's got a big dick" someone said. 

And that conversation continued, fueled by the lip-loosening qualities of beer to a broader conversation about dicks and cocks. 

"My ex said mine's average but my girlfriend says it's one of the biggest she's seen" said Neal.

"Oh, I know mine's small to average" added Bill.

One of the guys, Franklin, was gay, or bi. I think he was bi, but had been with a male partner on and off for a while so maybe his bi days were behind him or just on hold. Either way it wasn't something we discussed too much - each to their own private life and good on him, do what you want to do.

It did, though, prompt the next phase of the conversation.

"Why don't I be the judge" Franklin said. "After all, I've seen more dicks than any of you and appreciate all kinds - big, small, cut, un-cut, all different types. I could even tell you which are the best to suck."

A little shocked hesitation ensued. A pause in the chatter that was aided by a pick-six and more beers for Frankin and me. 

"OK" I said. "I'll let you be the judge" and stood up and pulled my pants down. "So what do you think of that?" I said to Franklin while slowly energizing my cock so it puffed up a bit.

"Not bad" He said. "I could go for that. Now what about you two" he asked Neal and Bill. 

Reluctantly, it seemed, but later to be proven the reluctance was feigned, they pulled down their pants too and all three of us stood there looking a little silly with our pants around our ankles and gently rubbing our dicks - a flaccid football dick is not as impressive as you want it to be!

Franklin, very cleverly played the situation. He complemented each cock and explained what he liked and why.

"Bill, I like yours, it's shape is just about perfect and the head is beautiful. I love your balls too, nicely balanced and well groomed."

"Neal, yours is so straight. It's not the thickest, but long and straight. Sometimes sucking on a thick one takes it out of you...jaw lock...so I like thinner ones too."

And he went on to describe an encounter he'd had with a similar one.

"It reminds me of a guy I knew in college. I used to love sucking his cock, I would spend all day at it if I could - and boy did he shoot a lot. I do enjoy a mouth full of cum."

I don't know whether his 'playing' the situation was just to meter out the complements and make us all feel good or to dish out the eroticism and make us all feel horny. Regardless, it worked!

He asked "OK, honestly, have any of you every sucked a cock?"

An embarrassed pause followed, with the answer to the question written on all our faces. I started.

"Well yes, once." I said. "After the divorce I hooked-up with a guy I met on a business trip. Just the one time...well, maybe there was another. When my ex and I first got married we ended up doing a threesome, it was her idea, with one of her exes. And she really drove the whole thing, and told me it turned on her to see me suck him. So, twice. What about you guys?" I said.

They paused and mumbled a little before Franklin piped in. 

"I'll tell you what." He said. "Why don't I suck each of you and you can tell me if you like it?"

And then, before anyone could answer he dropped to his knees, put his arms behind his back and took Bill's cock into his mouth. Slowly rolling the head around his tongue it seemed like only seconds before he was sporting a raging erection. 

"Well, that answers that." Franklin said as he move on to Neal. He took Neal's cock in his hand and slowly squeezed it, moving back and forth bring hard life to him just as quickly. He licked his balls and ran his tongue up and down his long, thin cock before slowly taking all of it into his mouth and throat.

I needed no such encouragement. I was fit to explode just watching and my cock could not have been harder. Franklin stood up and came over to me. "Sit down." he said. He pushed my legs apart and held my cock as he licked up and down my thighs, stroked his tongue over may balls and gently ran his teeth up and down my cock.

"So," Franklin said, "It seems like you all like having a gay guy with a goatee suck on your cocks. Now I'd like to see you all suck mine."

We did. And there started a whole new way of watching football. From that day though the playoffs we turned the game from a drinking game to a sucking and jerking and cumming game. Starting with 'backwards strip poker' if your team scored you got to take off some clothes (if your team was playing badly, we'd adjust the rules!) and then if they scored again you'd get to choose - jerk or be jerked, suck or be sucked. We gradually worked up to the climax and started taking each others cum which became a 5th quarter ritual that we played in many different ways. Sometimes you got to swallow the reward you worked for, other times you had it jerked all over you. And, on special occasions, you got to receive all 3 loads...a football bukkake.

As you'd imagine, once the season was over we couldn't stop this. But that's for another day.