 Mixed-sex threesomes were pretty hard to find in this new town I found myself in. Maybe they are everywhere, I don't know. Couples seemed to be more interested in an extra girl than a guy, and some of them got quite sharp when I suggested joining them.

That was until Ros and John, who welcomed my interest. We exchanged emails and photos and it looked as if we were going to actually do it. I was going to fuck Ros while John watched, in bed with us. Saturday night was going to be it for us.

They were both teachers and I was a chiropractor, so as usual there was a bit of banter about how I was going to manipulate them and they would teach me a thing or two.

Saturday evening came and I was getting ready, having just had a shower, when I had a text from John.

"Hi Perry. Slight change of plan. Ros had to go away on family matter. You can still come for the evening if you like. John."

This was a major blow to my hopes. It wasn't so much cuckolding John that interested me, but fucking Ros. And having a nice meal at their house might be a pleasant, sociable thing, but it wasn't what I had been looking forward to.

Still, with nothing else to do, I said okay and turned up at their door at 8 as agreed. 

The house was warm on this cold winter night and it smelled of cooking. Ros had already made a kind of stew that was apparently her specialty, and it smelled like a warm, inviting female crotch, which may have been the intention, I suppose.

John was very generous with the wine, filling my glass every time it got to half empty, and by the time e sat down to eat I was a bit pissed. We talked about anything and everything, but not Ros. John seemed determined to avid the subject.

After dinner we sat on a sofa with some liqueurs and John put on some loud rock music.

"So how did you and Ros meet?" I asked, determined to get her image in my mind and progress for the next time.

"At the school," he said. "We were co-producing the summer play. She was in charge of wardrobe, and she kept joking that I should try on some costumes. And they were all dresses and stuff. I'll show you."

He disappeared into what I presumed was the bedroom and came back wearing a long red gown. The lack of breasts was a grave disappointment, but apart from that he filled it quite nicely.

"The only male costume was for a native American," he said. "Hang on a minute." He dashed off again and came back wearing a sort of short tan skirt, just a flap at the front and one at the back.

"It's what they used to wear," he said. "I think the males used to attract the females, not the other way round. And if you wanted to accidentally show a girl your equipment, well..." He quickly flicked the front up to reveal his cock, then turned around and bent over and showed me his arse.

"There's loads more in here," he said, beckoning me into the bedroom. A wardrobe all down one wall was full of costumes and as I browsed, he pulled out a very short dress.

"This is the squaw one that goes with mine," he said. "Put it on. Just for a laugh." Seeing my hesitancy, he added, "Maybe you'd like to wear the brave's one and I'll be the squaw."

With that he instantly removed his costume, gave it to me and put on the squaw's. Again I hesitated.

"Go on," he said. "Pocahontas. You'd have to do this if we were in a play."

I wrenched off my shirt and trousers and (suspiciously) my underpants and quickly threw on the male outfit.

"Very fetching," John said. "Another liqueur?"

And so it was that moments later we were back on the sofa with a brandy each, both naked except for skimpy pieces of cloth. I was struggling to sit decently, without my large male body splurging out of my costume, but John was more relaxed. He didn't seem at all bothered that he was all thighs and arms and I could see his cock and hairy balls.

"it must have made it quite difficult to avid turning each other on," he observed. "The guy could put his hand up the girl's dress, but she could just as easily feel him up too."

With that, John pulled his skirt up so I could see his erect cock, and he smoothly slid a hand up my outfit until his knuckles touched my balls. My cock was out of the way because, to my shame and embarrassment, it was halfway erect too.

John took my cock in his hand and carried on talking casually.

"So she could take him like this any time she wanted. And I don't know how they were about oral sex, but if she wanted to suck him..." He descended into my lap and took my cock in his mouth.

"So where is Ros really?" I asked, my reluctance easily outweighed by the feeling of being sucked.

"She moved out last week,' he said. "Gone back to her folks."

"So there was never a chance of a threesome," I said quietly. "Just this."

"I think you like it," John said. "Your cock is very hard and you're not fighting me off."

It was true. Not only was I enjoying the blow job, but my hands were all over John's body. My right hand held his nice big cock and the left one had been stroking his back and was now nestled in his crack.

John sat up and we kissed. A big, dirty, lustful, fuck-me kiss, accompanied by feeling of cocks and balls.

I felt John was weighing me up, deciding if I was a top or a bottom, and I was assessing that myself, and coming to the conclusion that I wanted him to fuck me. I decided the best way to handle this was to tell him, so I leaned and whispered in his ear.

"If you want to fuck me..."

"Oh, I want to fuck you," he whispered back, standing up and leading me into the bedroom.

He lay me on the bed, still with my costume around my loins and his dress straining at the seams.

"I'm your squaw," he said. "But I didn't know which role to give you and now I know. I'm going to make you my squaw." He pulled the dress over his head as I slipped out of my token fabric and I lay there, naked, riotously erect and waiting to be had.

John reached into a cabinet and took out some lube.

"Condom?" he asked hopefully.

"I'm okay if you are," I said recklessly and he shut the drawer. He lubed my crack and his knob and in seconds I had my legs in the air and a fine, strapping man between them. John pushed the head of his cock into my ring and slipped into me. I lay there, penetrated, dominated, filled and loving it. He fucked me like that for a while and I loved the slap of his balls against me as he did his animal stuff. Then he turned me over , got me on my knees and buggered me like a dog fucking a bitch. He was puffing and panting and I was moaning and wailing with the breathtaking rudeness of it, being fucked by this man.

I adored the rough, ill-mannered way he had commandeered my body and I thrilled to the feeling of his big penis pushing and pulling my insides.

"You glad you came?" john said, pulling his cock out of me, throwing me on my back and kneeling astride me, towering above me with his big masterful penis showing off if might and majesty.

"Come in my mouth," I breathed, and he got into position and wanked. I felt his balls and slid my fingers into his crack and then brought them around so I could smell his arse.

"I want to lick your arse," I said desperately, but he was too far gone.

"Later," he said, masturbating furiously above me and filling me with an uncontrollable desire for his spunk. "You can lick my arse all night."

And wit that he exploded into me, thrusting his cock into my waiting mouth and delivering his hot, salty cum onto my tongue and down my throat. I gently squeezed his balls and my finger strayed helplessly into his dark valley, enjoying the sinful feeling of touching his arsehole, getting his traces, his scent on me.

We stayed in bed and I slept with John that night. And I sucked his cock and I licked his arse and he fucked me over and over until my sexual equipment was a pulsating, humming disaster zone of ruthlessly fulfilled animal pleasure and I was weak with departed energy, energy driven out of my body as lustful pleasure drove in.