 We had just moved into our new home in Tulsa. After three corporate related moves in the past three years, my family was tired of moving and ready to settle down and put down permanent roots. Our college aged son and his two high school aged brothers balked at the latest move because they had become very popular at their last school. My wife and I had sired three strapping, muscular, handsome young men who were popular with both sexes. The stress of the move was alleviated somewhat when we found a home in a very secluded location that just happened to have a pool.

By Tulsa standards, we were a very liberal family. My wife and I had grown up as products of California "flower children". Peace, love, drugs, and rock-n-roll were more than just catch phrases in our 60's-era homes. We were both raised by very loving parents who encouraged us to embrace our fellow man and to experiment with life to its fullest. At a very young age I experienced sex at the hands of a family friend, all under the careful and watchful eye of my parents. Today, such an experience could be viewed as abusive, as child endangerment, or some other crazy notion. But, I can tell you that it was loving and beautiful. To this day, I believe my parents did the right thing for me, because I appreciate the human form and feel that I know what love is all about.

My wife, too, grew up with a similar healthy attitude about love and sex. And, we were mutual in our desire to give the same thing to our sons. 

In the 70's, before AIDS and other socio-political scares, I experimented in all areas of loving, including loving other men. It was just as wonderful and just as special as loving a woman. Given our environment, there was no stigma whatsoever attached to having any sort of gay relationship. My parents both believed I would eventually find and embrace the lifestyle that was right for me. I know they would have been just as loving and just as accepting had I decided to live as a gay man for all my days. They were, however, elated that I found a wife of similar beliefs, but more importantly, that we were able to give them three grandsons.

Jenny, my wife, went on her own sexual identity journey and had many female lovers during her teens and twenties. Even while we were dating, engaged, and even after we married, we both continued to explore our sexuality with the blessing of the other. 

It was, and continues to be, a great way to live one's life. Jenny and I are both open and accepting bisexuals. 

With the guidance of both our parents, and our own desires to provide the same love to our sons, we have encouraged our boys to explore and find their own sexual identities. Because of this, it is not unusual for any of our sons to be with a girl on Friday night and a boy on Saturday night. The difference today is our demands upon their practices of safe-sex and that they show a certain amount of discretion in their activities in our new, and ultra-conservative community. Their lifestyles aren't necessarily understood by the church-going crowd in Tulsa.

During the short time since moving into our new home, all three boys have made a number of friends. Kids seem to gravitate toward our home, not only just for our incredible swimming pool, but also because of our home environment. It is a bit more permissive than most local bible-thumper homes. There always seems to be at least one son and a handful of friends over using the pool. The remoteness of our property allows them the opportunity to enjoy themselves in total privacy, without prying eyes or ears. 

I provide all this information as a back-drop to an incredible experience that happened just a few months ago, and has continued to impact our lives in a spectacular way.

Jenny and the boys had to make a trip back to California to tie up some loose ends back at the business we sold before moving to Oklahoma. They opted to make the drive back west and would be gone for ten days or so. I, however, remained in Tulsa to stay focused on our new business venture. They're being gone allowed me to put in the time necessary at the office without feeling like I was cheating the family out of time at home. Before they left, however, our youngest son, Jimmy (yes, as in Hendrix), told a couple of buddies that it would be okay if they used the pool while he was out of town. I had no problem with it, since these were good kids just looking for a safe and quiet place to enjoy themselves.

One evening after an exceptionally tedious day at the office, I walked through the front door and upon looking though the great room to the pool, saw that Zach and Ray, a couple of Jimmy's friends were bouncing around out at the pool. As it was still daylight out, I had no reason to turn on any lights, so my entrance went totally un-noticed by the boys. I was a little disappointed in finding them, because for the last two hours, I kept myself going with the thought of going home, stripping down and taking a leisurely skinny-dip to unwind. With that prospect gone by the wayside, I decided to just relax in the den, listen to some tunes, and keep a watchful eye on the boys.

I changed into some comfortable shorts, t-shirt and Birkenstocks, grabbed a bottle of Anchor Steam, and proceeded to the den. I put on and old Grateful Dead live album and fell into the chair. 

I didn't mean to just sit and spy on the kids. I had every intention of making my presence known as soon as I had the opportunity to slightly re-charge my batteries. However, as I sat, I suddenly noticed two things that had changed since I had arrived. First, I noticed that two incredibly beautiful females were also in the pool area. They had been out of sight, sunning themselves on the upper patio. They could've been 16 years old. They could've been 18 or even 21. Their bodies were properly developed in all the right places and their stomachs and legs indicated that they were prone to taking care of themselves in the gym. The most incredible feature was the fact that both of these gorgeous brunettes were topless. The lack of tan lines indicated that they were not strangers to topless sunning.

As I collected myself and chastised myself for lusting after two such young creatures, my sight was directed to the other change. There was Zach on our diving board, getting ready to jump in. Ray was treading water in the area where Zach would hit. Zach was totally naked. He had the build of a tennis player... thin, muscular (but not muscle bound), and toned. There was no excess on his body anywhere, except for the piece of man meat hanging between his legs. Flaccid, Zach had probably six or seven inches. I cannot imagine what the thing would look like fully erect. Yet, I secretly hoped I would get the chance. 

Zach jumped once, then twice, on the diving board to get substantial spring. I was transfixed on the muscle between his legs as it bounced with each jump. Then, in all his naked splendor, he jack-knifed and went head-first into the water. 

Moments later, he came up out of the water, in a lip lock with his friend Ray. I couldn't believe my eyes. These two hot studs were making out right there in the deep end of my swimming pool. It was apparent that they weren't rookies at this. They were locked into a deep, tonsil-tickling display. Expecting the look of alarm, I peered at the two girls over at poolside. They were fairly non-responsive to the sight before them. 

The two friends (and I guess, lovers), treaded water as one for several seconds, remaining in their frantic kiss. Simultaneously, they made their way to the shallow water. As soon as they had solid footing in the pool, Ray's head suddenly disappeared under the water. Through the splashing and shimmering water, I could make out that Ray was paying some sort of oral attention to Zach. Every 20 or 30 seconds, Ray would come up for air, and then go back down to additionally service his friend. 

Lust took over the two boys and Ray was unable to get all the cock he wanted with his underwater ministrations. After a few minutes, Ray lifted his naked friend to the side of the pool. With Zach's legs dangling into the water, Ray positioned himself between the teen's legs and proceeded to give the boy a proper blow job. 

My old shorts suddenly became very tight as the front of them was being stretched by my own growth. 

Another look in the direction of the two bathing beauties at poolside revealed an unbelievable sight. At some point, while my attention was on a cock-starved Ray, both girls had managed to completely undress themselves and were locked in a sixty-nine position, orally pleasuring one another.

I couldn't believe the show happening right in front of me, in my own back yard, in and near my very own swimming pool. Four gorgeous teenaged sexpots engaging themselves in hedonistic pleasures. 

Wouldn't your know it..... I'm sitting in the privacy of my home, watching this XXX-rated live show when suddenly my cell phone rings. "Fuck!" I said to myself as I reached over to answer the phone, the other hand massaging the large bulge in my shorts.

"Hi, Dad!" It was Jimmy. "How's it hanging?"

God, what a question to ask a horny man in my state!

"Zach, Ray, Kiley and Kristin called earlier about using the pool. I told them it would be okay with you!"

"Sure, son. No problem, like I told you before."

"Have you seen them or heard from them yet?"

"Well, as a matter of fact, they're out in the pool right now."

"Swimming? Or what are they doing?"

"Well, Jimmy. There's not much swimming going on right now. Ray is the only one in the pool. Zach's legs are dangling off the side of the pool, and Ray is giving Zach a blow job."

"Way to go, Ray!" was my son's reply. 

"And the girls. Well, they're over on one of the chaises sixty-nining each other."

"Wow!" Jimmy responded. "God, I wish I was there. Kristin has the sweetest tasting pussy I've ever had. And Zach's cock is incredible. He's about 9-inches. He tastes great and god, can he fuck with that thing."

Well, I told you we had raised liberal sons who enjoyed exploring their sexual identities. 

"Ray is quite a man, too, Dad. He loves to suck cock and had been asking me to try to set him up with Zach for awhile. And Kiley..... that girl has an incredible body. Allover tanned. Shaved, and pierced in all the right places.... Nipples, naval, clit. She is fucking hot, man!"

I heard the muffled voices on the other end as Jimmy explained the events taking place at our pool to his mother and brothers. The feeling was mutual among all of them that they wished they could be here with me watching, and participating in the backyard fuckfest taking place at that moment.

Just then Jenny got on the phone for a moment. "John, it's okay to go out there and join in the fun. You know I have no problem with it. And, just so you know, the four kids out there know you're at home. They're hoping you will come out there and join them. 

"Well, honey, if you insist!" was about all I could say.

I looked to the pool again to find four young, beautiful, smiling faces peering in my direction and motioning for me to join them. I quickly concluded the call with my family, first promising Jimmy that I would taste Zach's incredible dick and tell him all about it, and then promising Jenny that I would tell her how if Ray was as good a cocksucker as she is.

I adjourned to the pool area. 

"Hello, Mr. B. We've been wondering how long it would take to get you out here. Jimmy told us about your family and we've been dying to get over and be a part of the fun."

This had to be a dream. What would a pair of hot young babes want with a graying old man like me. While I still took good care of my body with lots of yard work and a vegan diet, I still didn't hold a candle to the two gay adonises in the pool. Actually, though, my interest was in the possibility of tasting those two dicks as soon as possible.

I stepped up on the diving board. I dropped my shorts, kicked them off, and jumped into the water. Before I had the chance to surface, I felt one hand grasp my aching dick and and the fingers of a second hand teasing the pucker of my ass. Upon breaking the surface of the water, I found a hot boy's mouth meet mine. 

The wonderful thing about these young cocks was their stamina and ability to bounce back quickly. For the next hour and a half, I experienced two young cocks in every way. I learned that Jimmy was absolutely right. Zach had the most incredible dick I'd ever taken. Not only did I swallow two powerful loads of the most incredible sweet cream, but I was treated to the most intense, gut-ripping, ass-fucking of my life. 

The two most intense visions of that evening in the pool will live forever in my memory. First, I got to experience my face buried in Kristin's sweet snatch while Ray sucked my dick and Zach fucked me bare-backed. Looking up during this experience, I watched Kristin eagerly munching on Kiley's shaved, pierced pussy lips. 

The second memory involved an ass-full of Ray's 7 inch dick, while I had my lips wrapped around Zach's love muscle. During this action, Kiley was treating me to an incredible blow job as well.

Never in my life had I cum so many times in 90 or so minutes. Serving as the elder-statesman of this youth orgy was incredible.

The great thing about it all was that it didn't just become a one-time affair. Zach, Ray, Kiley and Kristin have become regulars at our home. At one time or another Jenny and I have met all their parents. While I doubt that their parents know what kind of fun takes place at our house, I do know that all four sets of parents are glad that their youth have a safe and fun place to hang out. 

Given the free love atmosphere at our home, these four are always welcome, and usually find someone willing to play with them. Our son Jimmy, Zach and Kristin have become quite a threesome. They do everything together and seem to be an unbreakable set. That's just fine with us. Jimmy has the best of both worlds and is living a bisexual fantasy come true. Having so much take place at our house is great in that it has brought a whole new degree of fun into our entire household. Jenny has found a new love partner in Kiley. They have developed quite a relationship as this young girl is insatiable in her quest for lesbian love. Jenny is more than happy to help her satisfy the urge. Ray has become a regular visitor as well. His taste for both cock and pussy has made him a favorite when Jenny and I are seeking the added excitement of a MMF three-way. 

Whether or not you readers think we're perverted child-abusers really doesn't matter to us. We are happy, healthy, well-adjusted people. We live in a super area in a wonderful community. We have many good friends who, while they may not share our lifestyle, respect us and care about us.

More importantly, we have three sons who are handsome, motivated, and headed for successful lives. They are well-rounded socially and are mature, balanced sexual creatures. They haven't pigeon-holed themselves as heteros, homos, gays, straights, or bi. We are all sexual creatures who love our fellow man. We love men. We love women. We love bringing pleasure to both and love being pleasured by both. 

I'm proud of all three of my sons. My pride won't diminish one bit whether he is fucking the most beautiful girl in town, or has his mouth around some good man's dick. If they'reir safe, healthy, well-adjusted, and most importantly, happy, then Jenny and I have been successful parents.

Just as I'm finishing this article, the doorbell rang. It's Zach and Ray. Jimmy is gone out with another friend. But, Zach and Ray decide to wait around for him. Zach has just undressed and his offering his semi-hard cock to me as I sit at the computer desk. I turn my head and taste him. God, he tastes good.

Ray kneels down in front of my chair and takes my cock into his hot mouth. 

What happens today after this will have to wait for another story to be submitted later. Right now, I have a couple loads of cum to swallow.