 Elizabeth was a tall, thick corn-fed Iowa farm girl. She had short blonde hair, big pale blue eyes and a warm inviting smile. Her body was thick and strong with broad shoulders, full hips and modest b cup breasts.

She was a prim and proper preacher's wife with a dark secret. No one in the congregation knew what she and her preacher husband did behind closed doors but if they did they'd have been shocked.

Elizabeth was 16 when she met Jerry. He was four years older and a student at Iowa State. They dated for four years without having sex before they were married in a large ceremony on her father's farm.

She was nearly thirty when she finally tasted the nectar of the forbidden fruit she'd craved for as long as she could remember.

Big Jim was a laborer on her Daddy's farm. He was ten years older than Elizabeth and had worked for her father since he was fourteen. When he was twenty four Elizabeth saw him naked for the first time and the image of his black, naked body had left an indelible mark on her young mind.

Big Jim had been living in the bunk house on the back forty of the farm since his mother had died. On warm summer days he would sometimes head into the woods and swim naked in the river. Elizabeth followed him one day and watched with wide eyes as he stripped his sweaty clothes off and waded into the water. Sixteen years after she saw him naked, Elizabeth spread her legs and offered her fertile, married womb to Big Jim whilst her husband watched from beside the bed.

Jerry watched Big Jim with a hungry gaze. He had secrets of his own and his cock grew painfully hard as he stared unblinkingly at the enormous slab of black meat jutting from Jim's taut, muscular body. He licked his lips and stroked his mediocre white dick. He'd had a brief but unforgettable fling with another guy when he was in college and while he'd never again delved into bisexuality he'd often fantasized about it.

"Take off Your clothes," Elizabeth sighed to her husband. Jerry was a soft doughy man with no muscle tone and a slight belly. His hair was thinning and he had a below average dick but he was a good man and he had a very talented tongue. He was the only man Elizabeth had ever been with and they'd had a robust sex life for the first ten years of their marriage. Jerry had introduced her to porn and she'd quickly discovered that interracial porn was an affinity they shared. She had suspected that her husband was at least bicurious and when he asked her to peg him her suspicions were deepened.

Jerry stripped naked and Elizabeth moaned softly. She loved her husband deeply and the fact that they shared so many fantasies made their relationship even stronger. Jerry had confessed his one time fling with a man after being pegged for the first time and while Elizabeth was hurt that he'd been unfaithful she understood why and she'd forgiven him. His confession had led to a frank discussion in which Elizabeth had told Jerry about watching Big Jim. She'd gone into great detail about his body and the feelings she'd had that day and ever since. She told him how big Jim's dick was and how she'd used a cucumber to simulate the size while masturbating. 

They had role played often after that and Jerry had ordered several large, black dildos and vibrators to use while they fantasized about having a threesome with Big Jim.

Her eyes rolled back and a low, guttural moan rose from her heaving chest. His cock was much bigger and thicker than Jerry's and it was so much better than the cold latex dildos she used. Her hips undulated slowly and she clutched at his dark brown hips, coaxing him deeper until his big, hairy balls pressed against her ass. He withdrew slowly until just the tip was inside her and smiled. She was not the first white woman he had fucked. He had learned at a young age that many white women had fantasies about big black men and one of the first he'd ever been with was Elizabeth's mother. He was barely 18 when she'd seduced him and their affair had continued for nearly twenty years before she'd passed away.

Elizabeth beckoned her husband to the bed and pointed to her hard clit. She had a large clitoris that protruded well past it's hood when she was excited and Jerry lowered his mouth to her cock filled pussy. He sucked her big clit between his lips and flicked his tongue across it making her moan and squirm. 

Big Jim sat back on his haunches and thrust his huge cock deep inside her furry blonde pussy. Her swollen lips clung to his shaft and her body started to quiver and quake. She cried out and her legs trembled as an intense climax shook her thick, pale body.

Elizabeth went slack for a moment once her climax ebbed and Jerry moved away from her hypersensitive clit. Big Jim thrust hard and deep, stoking the smoldering embers of her passion and reuniting the fire in her loins. He scooped her into his big, strong arms and flipped her onto her belly.

His cock slipped effortlessly into the gaping wetness of her ravenous pussy and she moaned loudly. He pinned her beneath his sweaty body and pounded into her. The bed rocked under his formidable weight and the sound of slapping flesh filled the room.

Jerry placed his hand on Jim's firm ass and pushed him deep inside his wife's pussy. It was the first time he'd touched another man since college and his heart raced. He and Elizabeth had made certain that Jim was okay with some male to male contact and they were elated when the big man told them he was open to almost anything. The only things Jim wouldn't allow was Jerry to fuck him nor would he suck Jerry's dick. And none of them wanted the two men to kiss.

Elizabeth climaxed a second time and Jim pulled his prodigious cock from her frothy hole. The length of his shaft was coated with her foamy white juices and Jim looked expectantly at Jerry who simply nodded.

He opened his mouth and sucked Jim's black dick inside it. The taste of his wife's succulent juices was divine and he slurped noisily, swallowing her juices as he stroked Jim's shaft. 

Elizabeth sat back and watched her husband devour her lover's cock. It was, without question, the most erotic thing she'd ever seen. She'd been shocked when Jerry had first told her of his interest in men and it had freaked her out at first, but despite her prim and proper outward appearance she'd always been something of a freak. She hadn't had intercourse until she was twenty years old but she'd masturbated before she was a teenager and she'd always been interested in dirty and depraved sex acts. Bondage and dominance, per, choking and s&m were all things she had fantasized about over the years and while she wasn't a lesbian she had often dreamed about being dominated by a masculine, butch woman.

Jerry slobbered on Jim's big black dick and saliva dripped from his chin. His small white dick had softened and Elizabeth wiggled into place. She took his cock into her mouth and sucked it until he was rock hard. She liked the taste and feel of her husband's dick but she'd always wished he was bigger. He'd never made her climax during intercourse and he often came quite quickly. She reached down and pressed her finger against his sphincter. 

Jerry groaned as his wife's digit penetrated his asshole. He sucked hard on Jim's cock and his body started to tremble. Her warm mouth and thrusting fingers made his body tense and he sped past the point of no return. His thick cream pumped from his balls and filled her eager mouth as she massaged his prostate and sucked his gland.

Elizabeth held her husband's infertile sperm in her mouth and pulled Jerry's mouth off Jim's cock. She kissed her husband hard, letting his seed spill into his mouth as their tongues entwined.

They kissed and swallowed and Jim reached between her meaty thighs. She was dripping wet and he wanted more of her tight hole. She had good pussy and he'd wanted it for a long time. He had known she was watching him skinny dip and he knew she'd followed him several times over the years. He would never have touched her or done anything inappropriate but he liked knowing that she was watching. He'd been sad the say she had married Jerry because he figured he'd never get a chance to be with her but eventually she reached out and asked him to lunch. She had explained what she and Jerry wanted and she had told him that she hoped it could develop into a long term relationship. 

Jim lifted her big white was and entered her from behind as she continued to snowball her husband. He grabbed her hips and fucked her slowly with long, languid strokes. His body slapped gently against her soft was cheeks and the bulbous head of his long, thick cock smacked against her tender cervix.

Elizabeth felt another climax building inside her and her pretty blue eyes began to flutter. She'd had multiple orgasms before but never that quickly or intensely. Her body tensed and she let out a long, low groan. Her climax had barely subsided when Jim quickened his pace and she felt another approaching. 

Beads of sweat dripped from her nose and she guided her husband underneath her. Her thick body rocked fore and aft as Jerry moved into the 69 position with her.

Jerry lapped at Elizabeth's big, hard clit while Jim fucked her from behind. She had sometimes complained that Jerry's rather small dick hurt when he fucked her doggy style but she had no such complaints about Jim's much larger cock and in fact she moved her ass back to meet him as he thrust.

Jerry slid lower and sucked on Big Jim's black balls as Elizabeth rocked her body. He felt the big man shudder and he heard his breathing labor.

"I'm gonna nut," Jim warned. He knew Elizabeth was not on the pill and he wanted her to decide where he should finish.

"Don't pull out," she hissed loudly. She and Jerry had tried for years to have children but it wasn't meant to be. He had a low sperm count and poor motility but she wanted a baby. She wanted Jim's baby. She'd talked to Jerry about it and he did too.

Jim held her hips and his balls tightened. He could feel Jerry's tongue swirling around them and he grunted like a wild boar as he pumped his potent seed into her creamy depths. He waited until he finished and then resumed thrusting. His cum spilled from her soiled pussy and his dick stayed hard. He pounded hard and fast and Jerry lapped his cream from his wife's pussy until her body erupted. 

It was the most incredible orgasm of her life and she slumped forward as her body twisted and writhed. Jim held on to her fat ass and tried to continue but she pushed him away and rolled onto her back. Her body continued to spasm and Jim fished his cock as he watched her twitch and moan.

Jerry opened his mouth and Jim fed his dick inside it. He let Jerry feast on his big black dick for several long minutes. He could feel his climax building but it had always been difficult for him to cum whilst getting head and Jerry's inexperienced mouth couldn't get him to the finish line so he pushed him away and rolled the pale, chubby, and hairless man onto his belly.

Jim spit into Jerry's crack and then again into his hand. He smeared saliva onto his cum covered dick and eased it into Jerry's ass.

Jerry groaned like a bitch and closed his eyes. Elizabeth had pegged him dozens of times and his first male lover had fucked him as well, but he'd never had anything close to the size of Jim's cock inside him. He relaxed his sphincter and the big man slid deep. 

Jerry felt his cock stiffen slightly as Jim started to thrust. Cum dripped from his semi erect white dick and he clenched his teeth. The pain subsided after a few thrusts and Jerry started to lift his ass, meeting Jim's thrusts.

Jim pounded his dick into Jerry's soft, hairless ass like a jackhammer. He could tell the white man liked getting fucked and if he was honest, his ass felt Damn good. It squeezed his shaft tight and he knew he was going to cum quickly. 

Jerry grunted and groaned onto the bedspread. His balls tensed and cum pumped from his semi erect dick. He felt Jim's cock grow bigger and harder and then warm cum splashed into Jerry's bowels.

Jim climbed off the bed and walked to the bathroom as Jerry and his wife snuggled in bed. He showered and dressed and then walked out to say good bye to his friends. 

"Thank you," he said kissing Elizabeth on the forehead. He had no intention of kissing her mouth after Jerry had cum in it.

"No, thank you," she purred. Her raspy voice oozed contentment and she smiled up at him. "You were amazing Jim. I hope we can do this again."

"Absolutely," He replied quickly. He touched Jerry's shoulder and then let himself out of the house, leaving them alone in their post orgasmic bliss.