 (This story is partially true. Name and places changed. The main character is me)

***

My name is Alessio and I am 27 years old, I am blond with blue eyes, 180 cm tall and I swam from 6 yo to about 23yo. I was part of a small agonistic team in the province of Bologna made up of about ten boys. At the time I had a girlfriend and I have always been quite popular and well-liked in the team, we were like a big family (with some still), we were swimming every day together, and we usually spent the weekend around Italy for competitions. What no one knew about me was the passion for male bulges, simply the vision of a beautiful male body in cotton underwear that hide a beautiful cock and full balls has always excited me a lot. Not only that, in the past I realized that sniffing my used underwear after a day at the university gave me a feeling of pure ecstasy, feeling the scent of male, the pungent smell of sweat mixed with piss made me (and still does) very horny. Now you imagine how exciting was, but at the same time difficult, to swim and spend my days among 10 young boys in the prime of their life perennially in swimsuit or underwear, it has always been a torture, but at the same time continuing extasy.

Among my teammates there were De Marchi's brothers, only an year of difference between them, red hair blue eyes clear complexion, not too tall and not too beautiful but with a statuary body and especially a bulge worthy of note. Then there was Giulio, tall with a little bit of beard, a sculpted ass and in front an immense package. Michele, Giacomo and Alberto my best friends all with with massive physicists. Then there was a small group composed by the older ones (Salvo, Paolo, Nicola, Riccardo and Giuseppe) who sometimes snobbed us and sometimes included us, we younger we were happy with this small hierarchy, it made us feel special, a family. Naturally all 5 with spectacular physicists with equally stellar swimmers and bulges. And finally the coach Francesco called Fra or boss, 35 years old, swimmer always dressed in tank top and shorts that always made glimpse the shape of a divinely large penis, it used to drive me crazy. In the changing rooms it was always fun to listen to the adventures of my companions with their girls, I shared my experiences with the girl with whom I was then, and I enjoyed hearing the various girls, the blowjobs, the anal, I enjoyed and it was exciting at the same time. I could enjoy every day the vision of many young men in bathing suits having a shower and I was happy, it satisfied me and it was enough.

But one day, and I will never forget it, everything changed.

It was a Saturday, a weekend without competitions, and notoriously the Saturday after a certain time the opening to the public closed and we remained only us to train until even 22.

It was 16 o'clock, I was late and while entering the locker room I greeted all my comrades who were about to enter the pool so I quickly began to change. Suddenly I realized that behind me there was still Giulio who, right at that moment, was taking off his white CK underpants letting me glimpse a sculpted ass, while wearing his swimming suit. I noticed that he left his undies on top of all the clothes in plain sight, quickly slamming the cabinet, leaving it slightly open. At that moment I thought "I want to smell his underwear and sniff the smell of another boy" while I was lost in my erotic thoughts Giulio screamed at me to move that otherwise the boss would have pissed off. So in a hurry I moved and reached my companions in the pool with a single thought in my head: Giulio's underwear.

The training went quickly and I was satisfied.

At the end of the training session, since it was Saturday, the boss proposed us a water polo match, all of them willingly accepted, except me, who, on the grounds of having a commitment later, retired to the locker room.

My moment had arrived. I went into the locker room and went straight to Giulio's locker, looked around, and with a trembling hand I opened the locker. It invested me a strong smell of male and sweat. Above the mountain of clothes there were the long-awaited used underwear. I took them and I closed myself into a changing cabin. As soon as I closed the door, I put the underpants on my head with the part in contact with his cock on my nose and began to sniff with pleasure. For the first time I could smell the scent of another man's penis, I could smell the sweat of Giulio's cock mixed with the pungent smell of piss. The thing sent me in ecstasy, procuring me a bursting erection, my cock was trying to get out of my swimming suit

I decided to wear Giulio's underpants, I wanted the smell of his cock mixing with mine. I put them on and started massaging my hard cock (an honest 16 cm). I imagined myself kneeling in front of Giulio while forcing me to sniff his package and suck his cock. The excitement was so overwhelming and uncontrollable that in just 1 minute Giulio's underwear filled with warm sperm. 

Suddenly I panicked, I did not know what to do. I tried to clean the underwear with some toilet paper, but the sperm was so much that they were all pretty humid. I tried to dry them with an hair dryer but I heard my teammates starting to move towards the locker room. Not caring of the consequences, I put back Giulio's half-wet underwear in his locker, I dressed in 4 seconds and headed my car in a total confused state. I sat in the car thinking what I had done, the thing worried me but at the same time excited me tremendously. I imagined what Giulio could think of in finding his underwear filled with cum. I swore to myself to pretend nothing happened and to not try again.

I walked to my girlfriend's house and spent a quiet weekend, even if perennially worried / excited by what I had done.

On my teammates whatsapp group Giulio did not write anything about his humid underwear, and no one wrote comments, so I figured while they were all headed to the showers, the underwear dried out. The excitement of the episode won the paranoia and made me promise to try to sniff the underpants of all my teammates.

The following Monday I quietly returned to training without the slightest fear of repercussions for what had happened and with a mission in mind. I entered the locker room, full of people, and I headed directly to my companions. Usual laughs, usual tales of fucks during the weekend, in short, usual routine. I noticed from the shorts that Giulio wore the same underwear of saturday (or maybe they were the same model but another pair?), only imagining that he was wearing the same undies excited me but I convinced myself that they were simply a different pair. I changed quickly and I headed for the pool. It was a very hard training and at the end of the evening I was completely tired. While the others relaxed in the whirlpools available, I decided to go straight to the shower, but mainly for the curiosity to see if I could smell someone else's underwear. Entered the locker room the situation was quiet, there were still some people in the showers but no one in the lockers area. I noticed Giulio's closet was open and out of curiosity I decided to open it to see if they were the same underpants or not. To my utmost pleasure, I noticed that they were the same undies, there was a visible stain of dry sperm and a very strong and pungent smell of sweat / piss, the typical smell of underwear used for 3-4 days in a row. My mind immediately began to process everything without being able to give me a real explanation. I decided to repeat the experience anyway, picked up the underwear and closed myself in one of the cabins. Meanwhile the dressing room began to empty. Like the first Saturday I began to inhale the male smells and then I wore them imagining Giulio's sensual and naked body.

Suddenly someone knocked on the door of the cabin while I was immersed in my exciteing thoughts. I entered in total panic and in my mind only one thought : I'M SCREWED!

Knock Knock. Again. Panic grew. complete silence.

"Ale open the door, I recognize your slippers, I know it's you." It was Giulio. Fuck. He snatched me. Shit.

"Giu, give me 5 min, I'm getting dressed." I tried to reply.

"If you do not want me to mess with you, open the door now."

Busted. Reluctant and red-purple and while wearing his underpants I opened the door.

"Calm down I can explain ..." I could not finish the sentence that Giulio pushed me back into the cabin, he then entered too and closed it. He put a hand on my mouth and said:

"You faggot who gave you the permission to take my underwear? why are they all cum dirty? You're lucky I did not say anything to the others." I could not answer, I was immobilized by the fear moreover Giulio kept on muting me.

"Saturday I imagined it was you because there was no one else in the locker room, I just needed a confirmation today." Now do what I tell you. " I nodded as he told me to get down on my knees. I was there in front of his package, it was in front of me.

"I need to release a load one way or the other, and I've decided you have to help me do it." As he spoke to me he grabbed my face and pushed t hard on his swimming suit making me smell it and lick it. I felt his penis slowly growing bigger and harder Excited by the situation I let myself go and I lowered his swimming suit. A large semi erect penis slapped on my face. Huge. Very beautiful. What a thrill the first cock I see, touch and smell.

"You better start sucking Ale, the others will soon arrive and I want to cum."

Without letting him repeat himself, I opened my mouth and tried to accommodate all of Giulio's huge-cock, even if I it was my first cock i chocked on it till it reached my throat, causing him a jolt of pure pleasure. My nose was immersed in his pubic hair and I could smell chlorine mixed with the smell of a young man. I had a full erection in Giulio's underwear. I started sucking up and down, helping myself with one hand, sucking everything I could, cockhead, balls and roll the shaft. It was pure lust. I was in ecstasy. And from Giulio's moaning and expression he too was.

"Open your mouth and look me in the eye." as a good teammate, I opened my mouth as he started to jerk himself off to reach the orgasm.

"You have to drink all my load." He did not have time to finish the sentence that a stream of hot cum settled on my tongue, and one after the other filled my face. With his finger he picked up all of his seed from my face and fed me. In the meantime I had cum into his underwear without even touching myself.

The situation was surreal. I tried to get up but Giulio prevented me.

"We are not finished. Take it back in your mouth and clean it up. "

I gladly took ihis cock in my mouth and started to clean of all the remnants of sperm while it softened more and more. At one point, I felt a strong hot jet in my mouth and I looked at him.

"Drink all my piss, do not miss a single drop." And so I did. I remained attached to his cock, receiving all his yellow liquid in me. I liked it. Quite a lot. I had never experienced anything that had happened but I already knew it was my way, I was a cocksucker.

As soon as he had finished pissing in my mouth he pulled me up and said:

"Do not say a word to anyone about what happened ... The undies you're wearing are yours now and do not change them until I give you my approval"

Without leaving any time to answer, he opened the door and headed for the lockers. Meanwhile, a little dazed and with all the cum impregnated underwear I followed him to the lockers and slipped on my shorts. Shortly after the others entered and everything returned to normal.

Back home my mind was in ecstasy, I could not believe what had happened. I could still taste the his piss in my mouth. But with the passing of the minutes, many doubts and so many worries assailed me, especially thinking of my girlfriend. What have I done? Was I gay? How could I look at Sara in the same way as before?

It was night now, I was struggling in bed unable to fall asleep, I could only relive the adventure just lived, and wearing Giulio's underwear gave me a perpetual erection. Who knows why he wants me to continue wearing these underwear?

This question was tormenting me.

Suddenly my phone vibrated. Message. It was 2:00 now.

It was Giulio.

'Hello Ale. I wanted to apologize for what happened today, I do not know what got into me. the situation excited me and I acted this way. I also wanted to tell you that no woman ever sucked my cock as well as you did."

I was mesmerized but did know what to answer. Eventually I replied:

'Hey Giu, you do not have to apologize. It's me who was in wrong in stealing your underwear. I must say that I really enjoyed sucking you too. '

After not even 2 minutes

'Then I have a proposal for you. Tomorrow I'll come get you and we'll go to the pool together so we can talk a little bit '

Me: 'OK'

The conversation, however brief, excited me to such an extent that I easily cum into Giulio's underwear. What proposal will he make? with this question the fatigue of the day took over and I fell asleep.

The day after I spent the day waiting for the training and the arrival of Giulio.

At about 2:00 o'clock he wrote me that he would pick me up 40min before training.

At 3 o'clock I was ready wearing his underwear, now completely rigid by the quantity of dry sperm in it. After a while I received a message from him: 'Come down. I'm here'.

As entering the car I felt a little embarrassed while Giulio was happy and relaxed as he often was.

"Hey Ale how are you?"

"Hey Giu all right and you?"

"All right, I couldn't stop thinking about the cumshot you took in your mouth yesterday." Chuckling a little. I, totally embarrassed, tried to answer him but no sound seemed able to get out of my mouth.

"Ale calm, do not worry, I saw yesterday how much you enjoyed, you came without even touching yourself!" The thing brought a bit of hilarity and my embarrassment dissolved.

"What proposal do you want to make me?"

"Look, you know I'm with Enrica and I love her, but she does not blow me and not to mention swallowing or pissing, I'm a little bit frustrated sexually and I wish I could have a mouth that sucks me every time that I need to release a load and drink anything that my cock has to offer. I know it's a lot to ask but seeing the divine way you sucked me I wondered if you wanted to be that person. I'm not gay and I know that you're not too, it would just be helping each other out. "

We were on the ring road towards the pool and after his request silence invested us. I did not know what to say or think, I thought of Sara, his girlfriend Enrica and all that this could jeopardize. After a while it came out a dry and firm "I'm in". After my answer, he lowered his sweatpants and remained in his underwear.

"You know what you have to do, I do not want to train with full balls".

He took a different and longer road get into the pool while I buried my face on his already hard bulge and I started inhaled the good smell of cock that he emanated, then without further delay I took his cock out and started to suck it devoutly as if it was the only thing I was able to do. I went up and down first more slowly then faster, I passed my tongue on every part of his sex. 

After a while I felt he was about to cum, this time, since he was also driving, I continued to suck him mercilessly until a stream of hot sperm reached my throat, and one after the other they filled my mouth. 

"DON'T SWALLOW YET" he said. So I got up and looked at him, with my mouth full of his sperm. "Open your mouth "he told me, and I, very uninhibited, opened it and my tounge started to play with his seed. 

"Now swallow slut "and I swallowed. But I was not completely satisfied. "I also want your piss" We were in the ring road and we would have risked to dirty his car. 

"Take the bottle of water in my bag and empty it out the window". So I did. 

"And now?" I asked "Now make sure my cock pees inside it and fill the bottle" So I tried to direct all the piss inside the bottle, managing to have at least half a liter of pee. 

"Now Ale I want you to drink the whole bottle looking into my eyes." 

While we stood at a traffic light, without complaining I grabbed the bottle and gulped all of his piss without ever taking a break while looking into Giulio's eyes.

To be Continued...