 I have to admit that my wife, Joline, has always been more adventurous than I, especially sexually. First let me describe her. She's about 5'8" tall 140lbs., long, flaming red hair, large, soft brown eyes, freckles all over her body, a magnificent derriere, and 36c breasts with large pink areola and nipples. She's a goddess who can turn the world on with her smile. She has introduced me to things I never thought I'd try, like exhibitionism, and mild bondage and discipline. But last week on my 30th birthday I was introduced to a whole new level of sexuality. Earlier that morning, before I left for work she promised me a night that I would never forget and did she ever deliver! 

Any way when I returned home that evening I found a note on the kitchen table that asked me to shower and then to wait for her in the bedroom undressed. I day dreamed my way through the shower wondering what she had in mind, then I dried off and waited patiently on the bed as she had requested. After a short time she entered the room wearing her sexiest black negligee. The mere sight of her made the blood rush from my head. She approached the bed and told me to just close my eyes, lie back on the bed and extend my arms over my head and she would take care of everything. I acquiesced, blissfully thinking of what she might do to me when I felt the cold steel being put around my wrist and heard it being snapped around the bedpost. I was startled for a moment and then I just decided to go with the flow and offered up my other wrist, which she skillfully tied to the other bedpost with one of my ties. She said to just keep my eyes closed and that she would tell me when to open them. 

When finally I was allowed to open them, I received the shock of my life. There to my horror at the foot of the bed was a naked man with what looked to be a 7 inch erection and my wife standing there with the video camera. 

"What the . . ." I managed to stammer out.

"Relax," she said. "Remember last month when you asked me what it felt like to be fucked by a man? Well my dear, tonight you're gonna find out. This is my second cousin James, he's gay so I asked him to do me this favor. And he said that he would love to bust your cherry."

I struggled to get up, but it was no use because of the restraints on me. My head was spinning, my heart was pounding in my throat both from the fear of trying to take something that large up my ass and the excitement of trying to do so. 

Finally I calmed down enough to speak. "Alright but only under 2 conditions. That he wear a rubber and that he stops when I say to stop."

"Okay," James spoke up," where's the condoms and the k-y jelly?" 

Joline just pointed to the nightstand beside our bed while holding the camera to her eye and recording everything. James got out a package, opened it, and unrolled it down his shaft with a little difficulty because of its size. That dick had to be over 2 inches in diameter. 

James saw my trepidation and tried to calm me down. "Relax," he said, "you'll be fine."

He put a pillow under my ass and told me to bring my knees up and to spread them wide. I complied, at which point he climbed up on to the bed and liberally smeared k-y on his condom and his middle finger. He added a little more jelly to his finger then he ran his lubed finger around my asshole. After a few moments he pushed his finger inside. The coldness of his finger with lube felt very strange but not uncomfortable. The he stated to slowly push his finger in and out and to move it up and down and from side to side, trying to loosen me up for the main event. I think that I even began to enjoy it a little. 

"You sure are tight," he said, "but you'll make it." 

Then he withdrew his finger and climbed up on the bed till his face was directly over mine. "Are you ready?" 

I replied yes, at which point he placed my ankles on his shoulders and put the head of his prick at my rear entrance. Slowly, carefully, he began to push forward. I felt my sphincter stretch to the limit trying to accommodate this intruder. He struggled to get the large mushroom head of his cock inside me and I felt a sharp, burning pain down there like I was being ripped apart. 

"Stop!" I cried. 

I felt the invader quickly withdraw from my nether regions. My body was trembling and my legs were weak from the shock of the pain. But James wasn't about to let me off that easily. After a few more moments to let me calm down, James once again placed the tip of his cock against my asshole. He looked down at me and I said "okay." 

Once again I felt his cockhead push past the objections of my sphincter and into my rectum. This time there was a little less pain. I looked up at him and weakly nodded my consent. I could feel inch after inch of his dick slowly sliding into me, stuffing my bowels. I began to feel a deep, severe cramp as my rectal walls strained to contain his massive prick. But I gritted my teeth and held on. I wasn't about to quit now. Finally I felt his balls grinding against my ass, I knew that I had taken all of him into me and breathed a small sigh of relief as the pain subsided slightly. 

I looked over at the far side of the bed and I could see that my wife had completely stripped off her negligee and was fingering herself with one hand and trying to hold the camera up with the other. James began to slowly pull his cock out and push it back in. 

My god, I was being fucked up the ass by a man! As I started to relax somewhat I began to appreciate James cock a little more. I could feel the softness of the large dickhead as it massaged my prostate, forcing open my rear passage, penetrating my being. And I could feel the power and firmness of the shaft as it filled my rectal cavity with its' pulsating warmth. As he withdrew I could feel the cold emptiness left behind as my bowels collapsed around it trying desperately to hold onto their newfound intimate lover. My head was spinning, I didn't know whether to scream out in agony or ecstasy. I only knew one thing, that I had to have that dick inside of me. 

I looked over at Joline and straight into the camera and begged. "Fuck me. Please fuck me!" 

That must have sent Joline over the edge. I saw her knees buckle and she almost dropped the camera. That was all the encouragement James needed. He started pounding into me like a jackhammer. It seemed like a tortured eternity, filled with pain and bliss, and fear and great desire all mixed up in my emotions. But it must have only been a minute or two before he began to tense up and said "I'm going to come!"

He withdrew from me leaving behind a raw, gaping, empty hole. The relief I felt at that instant was ... indescribably wonderful, probably the closest to what a woman's orgasm feels like that I will ever experience. He ripped off his condom and I opened my mouth to let him know where to deposit his load. He began to climb farther up the bed toward my face and just when his dick got near my chin he let go. His spunk landed all over my face. I took my tongue and licked up all I could to show my appreciation. I had never tasted another man's ejaculate. It wasn't bad tasting, just a little bit salty and slimy I thought to myself. 

When he had finished cumming James climbed down off the bed and my wife came over to remove the handcuffs. He began putting his shirt back on but I said, "wait there's one more thing." 

"What is it?" he asked.

"I want to deep throat you." 

Joline couldn't believe her ears. "My, you are a dirty little slut aren't you? How do you feel?" 

"I feel . . . I feel like a bitch in heat, like a cum thirsty whore," I replied, shocking even her.

When I was released I knelt down on the floor in front of James and took his rapidly hardening dick into my mouth. I marveled at the size and velvety texture of the purple cockhead as I swirled my tongue around it happily lapping up the drops of precum from its' tip.

"It'll be easier for you to take all of it in if you get up on the bed and hang your head over the side with some pillows under your shoulders and neck." James said.

I did as he asked and he came up beside me and stuck his dick in my face. I tried to suck it in, to lube it up with my saliva. 

"Easy," he said, "don't get greedy, take your time."

I slowed my pace and he began to push into my mouth little by little. About 5 inches in I began to gag and started to worry that he was going to cut off my windpipe. I fought off that reflex and allowed him to push his dick down my throat till his balls were around my nose. Slowly he began to withdraw and I breathed a sigh of relief as he backed out of my throat. Then he started to push back in. We continued this way for a few more moments and then he began to pick up speed. I did my best to keep sucking and breathing at the same time and to not injure him with my teeth. Now he was fucking my mouth almost as hard as he had my asshole before. This time it seemed to take forever for him to cum and my jaws and throat were getting very tired and sore. Thankfully, he finally came and I sucked in every precious drop of cum that I could. James just breathed heavy and closed his eyes as I cleaned his prick with my tongue. Finally James looked at his watch and said "I've got to get going but it's sure been nice knowing you."

Dazed, I just nodded affirmative. James grabbed his clothes and shoes and put them on and left without another word. I sat up on the bed and Joline came over and sat down beside me.

"You've certainly had some night. What do you have to say for yourself?" She said. 

I said nothing. I just grabbed and French kissed her, transferring some of the remaining cum from my mouth into hers. She acted shocked but I could tell that she really loved it. That night we made love with a ferocity of passion we had never known before. My throat was sore, my asshole was burning and my bowel movements were loose for three days afterwards. But damn, was it ever worth it. 

Now when we want to get into the mood we just bring out our video tape and watch it. Tonight I see that Joline brought home an 8 inch strap on dildo. I can't wait to find out what she's going to do with that.