 "I want to know what became of the changes

We waited for love to bring

Were they only the fitful dreams

Of some greater awakening

I've been aware of the time going by

They say in the end it's the wink of an eye

And when the morning light comes streaming in

You'll get up and do it again

Amen"

*

Luckily Daniel lived on the first floor, and was strong enough from a career of wrestling with big dogs and the occasional visit to the gym. He hefted Michael up, and wedged his shoulder under his and dragged him to the door to his apartment. The door next to the creaked open, and Daniel's neighbor Katie poked her head out. 

"Daniel? You need help?" She said laughing slightly.

"Actually," Daniel grunted a bit under Michael's weight, "Yeah, can you unlock my door?" 

"Sure." Katie said giggling a bit. "What did you do to the poor boy?" 

"His dog died today. I took him out for a drink. He's out cold and I have no idea where he lives." Daniel pulled Michael into the apartment. 

Michael stirred a bit. 

"Bathroom...." He stood up a bit. 

"Okay, let's go buddy." Daniel said, guiding a wobbly, half awake Michael to the bathroom. Michael unzipped his slacks and put up the seat. Daniel shut the door most of the way as Katie stepped up behind him. 

"He's cute... even when drunk. Do you normally pick up grieving men at the clinic to bring home and ravish?" Katie seemed to always joke around that everyone was gay. Daniel was originally offended, but quickly learned that was her sense of humor. Whether or not she thought someone was gay, they still got teased about it. 

"Whatever... he just needs a place to sleep it off. Hopefully he's not too hung over to get to work tomorrow." 

Katie laughed.

"Well, do you need anything more?" She asked. The toilet flushed behind Daniel, and the door creaked open. 

Michael stumbled through, and then leaned on Daniel. 

"Naw, I'll put him to bed. I'll call you if I need you." Daniel said. 

"Will you call me if I need you?" Michael leaned close to Daniel again, this time not bothering to whisper as he cupped the bulge behind his zipper.

"Dear lord..." Daniel groaned. 

Katie laughed again and turned towards the door. 

"See you tomorrow!" She said in a sing-song voice, shutting the door behind her.

Michael pushed himself off of Daniel and started walking towards the bedroom. 

"Um..." Daniel rushed to follow him, intent on making Michael sleep on the couch. Daniel turned the corner to stop him, but Michael had flopped onto the bed, and passed out again. Daniel groaned. He hated sleeping on the couch, but unless he wanted to share a bed with Michael, which he was certain wasn't a good idea considering the way he was behaving towards Daniel while drunk. With resignation, he grabbed an extra pillow from the bed and a sheet from the closet and went back out to the living room. He pulled the futon out into a bed, threw the pillow on, and crawled under the sheet. 

Two hours later, Daniel gave up. There was no way he was going to be able to sleep on the couch. The railings under had no padding to keep from digging into his spine, and he always had trouble sleeping on his stomach. He debated about joining Michael in the bedroom, and figured he hadn't heard any noise, so it might be safe. Daniel snagged his blanket and pillow and brought it with him. At some point Michael had taken off his shoes, and crawled under the blankets. Daniel lay down on top of the comforter, and pulled the sheet over him. He fell asleep almost instantly.

As the morning light spilled in through the window, Daniel stirred a bit, as he was accustom to waking up slightly before his alarm went off. For the first time it quite a while, he slept amazingly well, and was snuggled up to something hard, yet yieldingly soft. He burrowed into it further. Daniel had always been a hedonist with pillows and enjoyed cuddling up to them. Except this pillow now had an arm around him! The memories of last night came screaming back to him in clarity. He'd spent the night with Michael next to him in bed, and although Daniel hadn't moved much, Michael had spooned himself up behind Daniel. Daniel was afraid to move. He could feel a hard presence tunneling into his crack. Daniel's body responded to Michael's hard cock grinding into his buttocks. He could feel his penis responding and quickly growing stiff. All the feelings he'd pent up since he was a teenager came crashing back to him. 

Michael slowly woke up to an amazing erection; his hand went to slip down to stroke himself as customary when he woke up. He realized shortly he wasn't alone. Slightly panicked, he froze. 

Daniel felt Michael stiffen behind him, and he knew that what he was feeling was too good to last. Michael would never want a guy like him. He was probably was one of those guys who, when drunk would goof around, but would never actually act on any "homo" feelings. Hell, Daniel could barely come to grips with his own sexuality, why in the world should he ever believe anyone would be interested in him? 

Michael was struggling with what led him to be in a strange bed this early in the morning. Since he was living with his parents while doing his externship he would not have gone home with someone! His parents would never forgive him. He felt a wave of grief fall over him as he recalled what happened yesterday. Mollie was gone. Daniel had taken him out for a drink. After a moment he realized he was spooned up behind Daniel, holding him close. Daniel was still, breathing slow and deep, he was probably still asleep. Michael had been sure the man was attracted to him, but he couldn't get a rise out of him any way he'd tried. He briefly remembered flirting last night while drunk. Well, now or never, he thought. He trailed a hand down Daniel's chest, leisurely dragging his hand through the scant amount of chest hair. He reached the edge of Daniel's pajama bottoms. He toyed with the strings. 

Daniel couldn't believe it, Michael seemed to be awake, and not only that, but he was touching his pants. Daniel wasn't sure what to do. He'd never acted on these feelings; in fact he'd never even gotten any farther then kissing a girl in high school. He had struggled so hard with wanting to be normal, so he'd never even entertained thoughts of touching another man. He couldn't even bring himself to masturbate with images of men. But he couldn't stop his reaction, especially when Michael reached into his bottoms and grasped his penis. Daniel gasped, his hips involuntarily thrusting into Michael's hand. Michael ground his cock into the small of Daniel's back in time to his firm strokes on Daniel. It didn't take too many strokes and Daniel's vision blacked out. He literally saw stars as cum erupted from his cock into his pants. Michael was panting against his neck, and a few pushes more against Daniel's backside had Michael crying out, and spilling into his boxers. The men panted hard, trying to get their breath back. Daniel panicked, he should never have given into these urges! He would never be normal after this! He bolted from the bed and ran to the shower. Michael, left behind was baffled at Daniel's reaction. This was the most intense experience he'd had, and Daniel was upset about it.

Daniel was crouched in the shower, struggling not to cry. He heard the door click open, and Michael taking a leak in the toilet. The shower curtain pulled back. Michael looked at Daniel in confusion.

"What's going on, buddy? Didn't you enjoy that?" Michael asked. 

Daniel whimpered.

"That's the problem... I did" Daniel whispered. 

Michael bent down, eye level with Daniel. 

"What do you mean?"

"I can't be gay. I mean, why me? I never did anything to anger God! I can't be gay." Daniel cried openly now, and curled on his side in the tub. 

Michael recoiled at the venom in the last sentence. He wasn't sure what to do. He caught a glimpse of the time- they had about an hour before they both needed to be at the clinic. 

"Look, Daniel, let's not put a label on this yet, there's no reason to freak out just yet, okay? Let's pretend nothing happened, I fell asleep on your couch. You get cleaned up, I'll fix you a cup of coffee, we'll head to work, and then tonight when we have more time we can discuss what's going on, okay?" 

Daniel hesitated. 

"Okay, Daniel? Let's just get through the day." Michael whispered. 

Daniel nodded, and stood in the shower. He grabbed his body wash and a washcloth and went about his normal routine. Michael left him to his business and went back out the bedroom. He found a smaller pair of scrubs that was a different color than Daniel normally wore hanging in his closet. Rather then wear his clothes from yesterday; Michael decided to borrow the scrubs. People would be less likely to question or comment.

The rest of the day, the boys acted as if nothing had happened. Michael realized then and there, he was positive Daniel was a great deceiver. He wasn't even sure if Daniel would admit to himself later that it had happened. Michael couldn't help himself from reacting anytime the big man came near. His blond shaggy hair cut was too damn cute, especially when it got in his face and he tried to move it buy blowing on it. It didn't quite work, but Daniel always made an exasperated face when he did it that was just hilarious. As the day winded down, Michael caught Daniel in the laboratory and cornered him. 

"Let's go out for dinner tonight..." He asked.

Daniel looked like he was a deer caught in headlights. 

"Um..." He stuttered. 

Sara came around the corner. 

"Hey Daniel, can you take a call?" She asked. Daniel gratefully bounced away from Michael. Michael heaved a sigh. It was going to be difficult to get Daniel to admit he wanted more then this morning. Michael sure as hell wanted more. He knew he was attracted to the lean man. His slight frame, Michael had learned, was very deceiving. Daniel routinely lifted dogs that weighed more then 80 pounds without struggling. He had seen the contact solution in the bathroom this morning, and suspected he looked adorable in glasses, if not a bit nerdy. He knew he was a kind, compassionate man, as clearly shown in his work. 

As Daniel came back around the corner, Michael tried to look busy studying the schedule for the next week. He would really only be around for one more full week, and then he was off to his next externship before heading back to school. He wasn't looking forward to leaving this clinic. He wanted a place like this once he graduated. There was nothing better then a place where everyone acted like family.