 It was the second night of Pride in Orlando, and I was at the pool party that was happening at my hotel. The music was thumping so loud that I could feel the bass in my chest. All around me were some of the hottest men I've ever seen wearing next to nothing. I wasn't wearing anything but skimpy swim trunks I found online myself. Beach balls were flying through the air, and there was a dance floor that looked almost like an orgy. A few models had been hired to dance on stage, and half the people there, including myself, were soaking wet. I was high on the atmosphere. It was one of my favorite feelings. 

I climbed out of the pool and headed towards the bar. Even walking through the crowd of people just standing around gave me a thrill. It was just about impossible not to notice all the perky asses and bulges. My younger self would've never believed something like this existed. I grew up in a small town in the south. I was literally the only out, gay kid in my high school. Adventure was here. 

"I'll have a mojito," I told the bartender. He flashed a smile with pearly whites that you wouldn't believe. Even he was wearing short shorts. As he turned around to make my drink, I let out a deep sigh of enjoyment. I checked the clock and saw that 2am was drawing near. 

"Hey cutie," a voice said accompanied by a hand lightly touching my lower back. I tensed up for a moment before I turned to see him. 

He had to be at least 6 feet tall, and he was the definition of muscular. His muscles glistened with pool water, and an intricate tattoo graced his side. I could swear this guy was a model just by looking at his face. He was one of the guys wearing a tight speedo. At that point, I'd seen a lot of bulges that evening, but his topped them all. I lost all words for a moment. 

"Hi," I blurted out. No one that hot had ever approached me first. 

"You alone?" He asked me, leaning against the counter beside me.

"I am. Are you?" I asked in disbelief that someone that hot had stayed alone for this long. He cracked a smile. 

"Yeah, me too. I'm kinda picky I guess," he told me. 

"You get to be," I commented, checking out his body once more. This brought a small chuckle out of him. 

"It's okay to look. That's why I wore this," he said, referring to his speedo. He tugged at the waistband, and I was so glad that he brought attention to them. My eyes took it all in. 

"Those are pretty cute," I complimented. 

"Thanks. I like these too," he replied, reaching out and running a finger across the waistband of mine. He was practically dripping sex appeal. 

"Here you go," the bartender said from behind me. He set my drink down and openly checked out the guy I was with. 

"I got it," the guy said, laying down some money for me. I don't know where he got it. 

"You don't have to," I began. 

"I want to," he replied, looking into my eyes. I took a drink and felt the warmth rush throughout my body. Included with the rush was a feeling in my crotch. I swallowed hard. 

"I'm Tyler," I told him. 

"Cody," he responded. "Do you wanna head up to my room?"

"Yeah," I said as my mouth turned into a huge grin. I set my drink back down on the counter half empty and stood up. His arm immediately wrapped around my lower back as he guided me out of the pool area. 

The noise level gradually got quieter as we approached the hotel. The crowds thinned out as well. His fingers lightly traced circles on my skin as we waited to board the elevator. I glanced down once more to see his dick straining against the fabric of his speedo. I needed it. Standing in the crowd outside was enough foreplay for me. 

The moment the elevator door closed, he grabbed me and pulled me into a deep kiss. I let my hands start running over his back, feeling the wetness of his skin. I pulled him as close as I could as our tongues wrestled. Being in his arms made me feel smaller, protected even. His hands rubbed my back as he kissed me with a certain passion. 

"Fuck, I'm so horny," he said, in an almost whisper. I opened my eyes and we held an intense eye contact for a moment. It didn't take long for me to go back in for more. I felt his body press into mine and subsequently, his crotch started to grow even more and I felt it on my stomach. I looked down to see that it was hard and had to go along the side of his speedo just to stay inside of it. 

"That's so big," I commented between kisses. 

"Eight and a half inches of big," he specified with a wink. I felt my stomach do a flip. I looked over to see if we were almost to his floor because I needed him in me as soon as possible. 

"We didn't press the button," I said, and we both laughed. Cody reached over and hit the fourth floor, and the elevator started moving.

"Guess I was a little too eager for this," he said with a smile and grabbed my ass. 

Within moments, he had slipped his hand down into my swimming trunks and took a handful of my cheeks. I moaned and let my eyes flutter a bit. Then, without warning, I felt one of his fingers slip into my hole. It was sudden, but my body immediately accepted it. I let out a moan of pleasure and squeezed him. He smirked down at me, knowing that I was in the palm of his hand. 

As he worked the digit inside of me two knuckles deep, my knees almost buckled underneath me. I pressed my face into his big chest. I moaned into his skin as he put another one inside of me. I whined as he expertly moved his fingers around.

I rubbed my entire body against him and felt his speedo move a little too far. I felt something new down there and looked. His cock had fallen out of his skimpy speedo and was dangling there for all to see. My mouth dropped open. The thing was huge, and I'm not even sure that it was fully erect yet. It was also a beautiful sight, and I felt my mouth begin to water. My own cock strained against the fabric of my swim trunks, but it didn't have the power to push out of them. 

*Ding.* The elevator door opened, and Cody led us out, fingers still inside of me and dick still out. Thankfully, everyone seemed to be downstairs at that point. We turned down the hallway. I couldn't help but stare at his member in the light. 

Just then, a door opened in front of us and some twink came out. He was clearly headed to the pool. As he closed the door, he turned to see us, and his eyes nearly fell out of his head. They were obviously glued to Cody's hard dick. He also noticed that his hand was inside of my suit, so he knew damn well what was happening. 

"Wow," was all that came out of his mouth as he stood there in shock. I wasn't really sure what to do at that point. There wasn't really a point in covering up. Cody continued to strut forward, confident as ever. He threw a wink the guy's way and slapped him on the ass as we passed. 

I turned and watched for the guy's reaction after we had passed. He was staring at us with a red face. He reached into his speedo to adjust himself. Cody wiggled his fingers around inside of me as we got to his door. 

In no time, we were inside, and a lamp was the only thing illuminating the room. It was a one room option with a balcony overlooking the pool where the party was at. Before the door could even close, Cody had taken his speedo off and tossed it on the coffee table. He walked up behind me in all his naked glory and yanked my trunks off. They were tossed across the room, and my cock was sprung free. I stood at 7 inches, but I felt so small compared to the monster in the room. 

"God, you're so fucking sexy," Cody commented as he approached like a lion approaching its prey. 

I couldn't even respond before he had turned me around with one swift movement and leaned me up against the sliding glass door to his balcony. I felt the cold surface against my entire body. It was simultaneously awful and a turn on. His hands grabbed my hips on either side and pulled my lower body back, leaving my upper body against the door. 

I looked down to see everyone still partying by the poolside. The music was muffled from here, but the men were still sexual objects to my eyes. Suddenly, Cody's tongue attacked my hole. He spread my cheeks apart to get a better angle, and my head dropped back. He had such a strong tongue. I started breathing really heavy, and my breath fogged up the glass. I felt him flicking from side to side, fucking my hole. I pushed back against his face, and he pulled me closer as well. 

I couldn't help but let out moans of pleasure. I whined as he worked hard on me. Then, one of Cody's hands came down hard to slap my right cheek. It stung so much that I let out a yelp. I felt my ass jiggle as he kissed the same spot. He slid his fingers back inside of me, but this time, he went all the way in. I put my hands against the door as he readied my ass. I looked over my shoulder, and I could only see part of him, but he was so fine. 

"Oh my god, you're amazing," I whined as he did the work on me. I reached back and ran my fingers through his hair. He buried his face even deeper into my ass before standing up behind me.

I felt his hardened cock fit between my cheeks, and my hole ached to be fucked. I pressed back and grinded on him. I felt his saliva lubing up his thick shaft.

"Mmm I want you inside of me. Please," I said breathily. I arched my back, begging for his member. 

He put his hand on my shoulder and turned me around in an instant. I fell to my knees and cams face to face with the beast itself. The thing just seemed to get bigger and bigger every time I saw it. 

"Open up. I need lube," he said simply, and I did as I was told. I loved giving head honestly. 

This was not me giving head though. As soon as my lips were wide enough for him, he pushed his cock into my mouth in one, long thrust. He quickly filled up my mouth and entered my throat. My jaw was as open as it could possibly be as Cody's third leg fucked my throat. He clogged my airways. A moan escaped him as I felt his balls press up against my chin. He gently thrusted into my face a few times before pulling all the way back out. 

I gasped for air when he came out. I saw that his dick was glistening with my spit though. That was the quick way to lube up, I suppose. 

"You ready for it?" he asked me, holding the side of my face. He smiled down at me as a smile spread across my face. I nodded and climbed back to my feet. 

Cody gave me a quick kiss as he embraced me. His eyes said all he needed to say. I felt his hand guide me towards the couch. Got onto the cushion and bent over the back of it. I arched my back and pressed backwards. 

I waited in anticipation as Cody lined himself up behind me. His strong hands pressed on my back as he started to push in. I could feel just how thick his head was. It took a moment, but thankfully, the spit helped open me up. I felt his cock make its entrance into me, and my ass stretched to accommodate him. With only the head inside of me, I dropped my head and let out a deep, guttural moan. 

Cody didn't stop there either. He continued to press his hips, and his massive dick inched its way into me. It filled me up like I've never been filled before. I didn't even know I could be that full of cock. His hands squeezed my sides as he pushed in further and further. I felt his fat head push up against my prostate, and another moan escaped from me. 

"God, that's so fucking big," I cried out as he kept going. Instinctively, I pulled forward to slow him down, but he grabbed my hips and pulled me back into him.

When I finally felt his balls press into my skin, my voice cracked during a moan. It felt so good, yet hurt so bad. After a brief rest, he started to fuck me. 

The feeling of his cock moving around in me sent precum pouring out of my own dick. I whined as he got faster and as the strokes got longer. He started to grunt as the strokes got so long that he clapped against my ass. His balls swung as well, slapping me. My dick was rock hard, and I would've been touching myself but I had to brace myself on the couch to keep myself up. I knew I wasn't going to last long going like that. 

I raised my head and saw through the bathroom door. I could see him fucking me through the reflection of the mirror. I could see the muscles working hard to fuck me. He was holding onto my ass cheeks as he pounded me, and his eyes were glued to the sight of his cock sliding in and out of my hole. 

"Fuck, Cody. You're gonna make me cum already," I warned him. 

"Cum for me then," he replied, not slowing down one bit. In fact, he picked up his pace, filling the room with that slapping sound. My breath started to speed up, and my whines and moans increased as well. 

"I'm sending you back to that party full of my seed," Cody whispered into my ear. My eyes rolled into the back of my head as I felt my cum shoot out and all over the couch. It shot out so hard that it splashed against the cushions. I got three spurts in when I felt Cody's cock spasm and then fill my hole. 

We both let out deep moans as our orgasms washed over us. He slammed his entire length into me, pushing out the last bit of cum in my dick. I cried out as he did and collapsed onto the couch. Cody's monster cock slid out of my ass, and I clenched to keep the filling in. 

"That's a good boy," he commented as I caught my breath. He lightly slapped my ass as he wiped a drop of cum off my hole. He reached around to my face, and I greedily sucked it off. 

"Fuck," was all I could think to say at that moment. 

"That was hot man," he said as he stepped away from me. I slowly climbed off the couch and stood up. My legs were weak, and I could feel his load move around inside of me. 

"That's a lot of cum," I commented as he slipped his speedo back on, tucking his deflating cock away. 

"So's that," he said, pointing to the couch that I shot. I smiled and grabbed my speedo. I slipped it on, careful not to let his cum come out. We left the building and rejoined the party together. 

"Well, I hope I see you around this weekend," I said as we approached the gate to the pool. 

"Oh, I think we will," he said, squeezing my ass before heading inside. I watched him walk with such confidence and a post-sex glow. I smiled and went in myself. I ran my hand through my hair and saw that nothing had changed. 

It was much longer before I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around to see none other than the twink we ran into earlier. 

"You've got a wet spot on the bottom of your trunks," he said, with a devilish smile. 

"I am at a pool," I said, slightly flirtatiously. 

"The rest of you isn't wet though," he pointed out. I smiled at him and winked. He stepped closer to me so that his breath was on my ear. 

"Need help cleaning that up?" He asked me, lightly licking my ear lobe. A chill ran through my body. 

"Why don't you take a feel and you tell me," I replied. We were at the back of the party, so no one was really paying attention. The twink glanced around before reaching behind me and slipping his hand into my trunks. I felt his finger pop right into my ass. His eyes popped. 

"Fuck, that's a lot. I do think you need someone to clean you up," he said in a low voice. 

"Lead the way," I replied, matching his tone. He turned around and headed towards the exit. I followed him, already aroused again. 

Pride was the most wonderful time of the year.