 *"Ah, the laughter of the lovers As they run through the night Leaving nothing for the others But to choose off and fight And tear at the world with all their might While the ships bearing their dreams  Sail out of sight."*

*

While Daniel was upset he'd had to leave his old clinic behind, he realized now was the time to pursue what he really wanted out of his career. Before deciding to become a veterinary technician, he had toyed with the idea of becoming a behavioralist for animals. When he learned he could be working with animals hands on within the first few days of starting the vet tech program, versus strictly book learning for 4 years, he had wanted to dive in right away. He'd always been a one to learn better by hands on means than written word. Daniel sat at Michael's computer surfing the web for a job, specifically one where he could expand on his love of behavior. 

Michael came home late from classes, staying late in the library to look up some information for an upcoming test. He stepped in the door and was hit with a wonderful smell. 

"Hello? Honey I'm home!" He joked. 

"Kitchen!" He heard Daniel call. 

Michael walked into the kitchen and came up behind Daniel. He kissed his bare neck and slid his arms around his waist. 

"Now don't start that otherwise I'll burn the food..." Daniel said leaning back into Michael's embrace. 

"Mmm smells great." He paused looking down at the pan. "What is it?" 

"Eggplant Parmesan" Daniel said. 

"Um. Okay." Michael said. 

"What? I know you don't really like vegetables, but seriously, if you don't like my eggplant, I may have to disown you." 

Michael laughed.

"I'll set the table." 

A few minutes later, Daniel arrived at the table with a steaming serving plate of food. 

Michael tentatively took a small piece, and a larger portion of the spaghetti Daniel made for the side. He cut a piece off and popped it into his mouth, getting ready to spit it into his napkin. The moist piece of eggplant practically melted in his mouth, the breading and the marinara a complement to the slight bitter bite of the vegetable. It was absolutely delicious, and he moaned in delight. 

"See. Told you so." Daniel gloated.

"This is practically orgasmic!" Michael reached for another piece. 

Daniel chuckled. 

"Hey, just curious, but do you think you should talk to someone about the clinic firing you?" Michael asked after he'd eaten the second piece. 

"Well, I thought about it, but they did offer me all my unused vacation as a severance pay, and I think it would be a stretch to prove that they fired me for being gay. I am technically an 'At- Will' employee, and I did violate the handbook rules. It feels like it would be a waste of time, and I'd rather just leave everything behind, you know?" 

"I get it I guess. I just am so mad that I never realized how bigoted they were there." 

"I don't think they all are, but I suspect the image of the clinic is more important." 

"Their loss." 

Daniel nodded. 

After dinner, the two men retired to the living room to watch TV. There wasn't much on so Michael just left the news on and turned down the volume.

"So, besides cooking my now favorite meal, what did you do today?" Michael asked. 

"Well I cleaned up a bit, and looked online for jobs in the area. Found a few clinics I applied at. I'm still hoping to find something in behavior, but not a lot of general practice places work with that too much. If I could get specialized without working at a clinic this would be a bit easier, or I could go into business myself." 

Michael mused on that a bit. 

"Well, why don't you find a place that will be a good fit for you in general practice, and then once I graduate, we can either stick around here, or we can move to a place where we can both find something. Or we could wait until I'm hired, I can convince them to do behavior work and we can go about getting your VTS (Veterinary Technician Specialty) together." 

"I'd hate to not be working in the meantime though. I'd drive us both nuts, but I think maybe you're right. I should see about either convincing a new employer to consider behavior, or like you said, we can try to get hired together." 

Daniel yawned and leaned over onto Michael's shoulder. 

"Bedtime?" Michael said into Daniel's hair. 

"Yeah, I'm tired even though I didn't do much today." 

"Well, you did show up at like 1am yesterday, and we didn't get much sleep." 

Michael led Daniel to the bedroom and both men stripped down to their underwear, brushed their teeth and crawled into bed. Daniel spooned up behind Michael, sighed and almost immediately fell asleep. Michael took a bit longer to fall asleep, mostly because his body was turned on by the feeling of Daniel's cock against the small of his back, even though it wasn't hard. His brain wouldn't stop thinking either. Daniel had never been comfortable going past mutual masturbation and knowing his history and how he was raised, Michael had figured out Daniel was a virgin. He was such an introvert when they first had met, and with him not being able to figure out his sexuality or even explore it, there was no way he'd had much experience if any. Now that they were sharing a bed, it wouldn't be long before Michael would want to take advantage of that situation. He needed to plan out a seduction- and make Daniel feel comfortable so he could take their relationship to the next level.

Daniel finished his first interview since he'd been fired, feeling that things went pretty well. Everyone seemed to be nice there, he'd explained his situation with Michael and the office manager seemed to be okay with it. Of course Madison was quite a bit more liberal then the small town up north was. He told his side of the story of why he left his other clinic, impressing on how he thought it had to do with his relationship. The office manager here was sympathetic, 'but that doesn't always get you the job' Daniel mused. Buried in his thoughts, he unlocked the door to the apartment and walked in. He'd been living there about a week now. The lights were low, but Daniel knew that Michael usually stayed after classes to meet up with study groups. He reached for the light switch, but there was a note taped to it. 

"Don't touch, join me in the living room." Daniel read out loud quietly. He shrugged, grabbed the note, set his keys down, and walked into the living room. There was a candle burning on each available surface and Daniel smelled something good- but he couldn't put a finger on what it was. He couldn't see where Michael was at. 

"Hello?" He called softly. 

"Hey big guy." Michael stood up from the chair that faced away from Daniel. 

"Geez, planning on jumping out and scaring me?" Daniel joked, suddenly nervous. 

"No, not really, but I suppose sitting in that chair you weren't able to see me?" 

"Not really." Daniel said. He walked over to Michael and leaned in for a short kiss.

Michael took his time with it, slowly extending the kiss, but not pushing into "tongue action" as Daniel always called it. 

"So what's up?" Daniel said, a little breathless.

"Besides us?" Michael gently rocked his hips into Daniel's feeling the slight rise to both of their cocks. Daniel laughed. 

"Well I bought dinner, and wanted to have a romantic night in. I picked out a movie too, so we can sit out here and eat." 

"Alright." Daniel said. Michael led him to some pillows near the coffee table. It was then that Daniel noticed the two fondue pots simmering. Michael motioned to Daniel to sit down, and then nestled in next to him. He started the movie, the reached down and pulled out a bowl of bread chunks and a bowl of strawberries. 

"You've Got Mail?" Daniel laughed. 

"What? I know it's kinda a chick flick, but it's my favorite romantic comedy." 

"I hope that you didn't rent it then..." Daniel said.

"Why?" 

"Because I have it on DVD somewhere." 

"No... sadly I own a copy too." Michael laughed. 

Daniel leaned back on the front of the couch, still close enough to reach the fondue pots and settled in. Michael reached forward and dipped a few pieces of bread into the cheese bubbling gently. He then leaned over and held the bite out to Daniel. 

"You gonna feed me now?" Daniel said quietly. 

"Yes, if that's okay with you." 

"Only if I get to feed you too." 

After a few bites, Michael was trying to give Daniel a bite, but some cheese dripped off his bread and landed on Daniel's arm. Michael bent over, and licked of the cheese slowly. Daniel shuddered. Michael came up with an idea to help Daniel get over his hesitation over intimacy. He dipped a strawberry in the chocolate, let it cool enough it wouldn't be hot to the touch, and brushed the chocolate over Daniel's lips. He quickly kissed Daniel for all he was worth. The chocolate flavor burst between them, as their tongues danced together. Daniel moaned and leaned back further onto the front of the couch. Michael urged him to lie down on the pillows they had been sitting on, covering him with his body. All the pent up sexual tension over the past week exploded between them. Michael brazenly reached for Daniel's cock. Michael could feel his own erection spewing precum like never before. Daniel's hips pushed into Michael's hand. 

"Wait. Um, not sure..." Daniel said.

Michael looked questioningly at him. 

"Not that I don't want to, but I just haven't done this before, and I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do, or how we're suppose to do this, and I don't know if I want to be a top or a bottom and I'm not even exactly sure what that's suppose to mean and I..." Michael put a finger over Daniel's mouth to stop his rambling. 

"Look, the first time is probably going to be awkward. However you want to do this, we'll do it. If you aren't ready, we don't have to." 

"But, well, you know I haven't had much thought into this... I'd been denying who I was for so long. I have no idea what I want to do. I'm totally nervous, but I want to." 

Michael nodded. 

"Here's the thing then. I'm versatile. I can top you, or you can top me. I guess it depends how you want things to go from here." 

Daniel ducked his head, his bangs falling into his face. 

"I guess I'm not even sure what that means." He blushed.

"Well, basically the top is in charge usually. He's the one that inserts, while the bottom receives. Does that make sense?" 

"Yeah I guess so. So if you topped me, you'd be putting that monster in my ass..." Daniel trailed off. 

"Well, we'd get you ready to take me. I'm not just going to shove it in to you. But like I said, I'm okay with either, and honestly your first time, I think as long as I walk you through it, either way would be enjoyable. You are more of a passive guy, so I had pegged you, no pun intended, as a bottom." 

"Your first time... what did you end up as?" Daniel asked. 

"Honestly, I was a top. My first boyfriend with was strictly a bottom, but my second was versatile. That's when I found out I was too. I like both positions." Michael paused a moment. "I wonder if that's the way to do it this first time. I know you're still struggling with how you were raised and the idea you need to be normal. It's closer to what would happen if you were straight. So it maybe easier for you to top this first time, see how it goes." 

"And you'll walk me through it?" Daniel said nervously. 

"Every step of the way.... Let's go to the bedroom, I have some stuff there." Michael leaned over, still on top of Daniel and blew out the candles under the fondue pots. He moved to a kneeling position and helped Daniel sit up. 

"Let's blow out the candles, or take some with us huh?" Michael said while standing up. 

Daniel nodded, and started to blow out some of the smaller candles. Michael grabbed two of the larger ones and lead Daniel to the bedroom. He set both on the bedside table, and pulled back the covers. Daniel stood still at the doorway, unsure of himself. He was internally debating about going through with it. One voice in his head told him he was about to commit an unforgivable sin, it sounded like his pastor back home. Another voice told him this couldn't be, not when he was sure he was in love with Michael. His penis, of course, agreed with that observation. He couldn't remember ever being this hard. His boxers were soaked. 

"If you don't think you're ready, we don't have to do this." Michael reminded him again. 

"I just am having an inner dilemma. Let me reason this out in my head anyway I can in order to enjoy myself." Daniel laughed half-heartedly. 

"Come here" Michael patted the bed next to him. 

Daniel hesitantly climbed into the bed, kneeling. Michael pulled him close, and nuzzled his neck. He trailed kisses up Daniel's neck to his earlobe then nibbled gently. Daniel shivered. 

"So here's the deal, I'll explain things a bit and you decide where we go from there, okay?" 

"Okay."

Michael reached over to his bedside table drawer. He pulled out a few things. 

"Lube- man's best friend." Michael set it on the bed. Daniel chuckled. 

"Condoms. Depending on how many you want to use..." He set the strip next to the lube. 

"And?" 

"And us. That's it. The plan is, we make out a bit and if you're ready then we start to get me ready. Technical terms, we need to stretch me out, lube up the chute, get a condom on you and then go slow. Bottoming can be a bit uncomfortable at first, so it's best to go slow and let us adjust to what's happening." Michael searched Daniel's face for any clues about how he was feeling. He looked nervous, but there was a hint of lust in his eyes. And his erection sure didn't waver. 

"Okay?" 

"Okay..."

"and if at anytime, either of us needs to or wants to stop, all we have to do is say so."

Daniel's response this time was to pull Michael into him for a heady kiss. They caressed each other's bodies, as their tongues matched. Daniel guided Michael back onto the bed, and slid across him. He un-tucked Michael's shirt from his pants and shoved his hands under. 

"See now you're getting it." Michael moaned into Daniel's mouth. 

"I watched a lot of straight porn... this part I guess is darn similar, it's just the technical stuff I wasn't sure about. "

Michael kissed along Daniel's jaw, but paused at the confession. 

"So wait, you watched porn, but not the stuff you were interested in? Not once?" he continued the kisses. 

"No..." Daniel said as Michael kissed a sensitive spot "I was always concerned it would truly make me gay if I did watch it. I tried so hard to be normal." 

"Who says what's normal for everyone? What if this is normal for you and me?" Michael asked as he pulled Daniel's shirt off. Daniel reached for Michael's pants and pulled down the zipper. 

"That's what I'm learning. What God could say that two people in love shouldn't express it?" Daniel leaned down to kiss Michael's stomach. Michael froze. 

"What?" Daniel asked stopping as well. 

"You love me?" Michael asked in a quiet voice, looking into Daniel's eyes.

"I'm pretty sure." Daniel replied.

"Good, because I'm pretty sure I'm falling in love with you." Michael responded. 

Daniel beamed, and continued his work stripping Michael's pants off the rest of the way. 

Michael lifted his hips to help. Daniel pulled the slacks over Michael's butt, and quickly realized he wasn't wearing any underwear. His cock slapped to his stomach. Daniel stilled for a moment, and hesitantly reached out to touch him. Michael's hips thrusted up to meet Daniel's hand. 

"Oh, that feels good huh big guy?" Daniel murmured as he stroked Michael's penis. 

"Oh, god, you have no idea...." Michael moaned. 

Daniel stopped briefly to finishing sliding Michael's pants off completely. As he moved back up to cover his body, Daniel kissed a trail up from his thigh, to his groin, avoiding his cock to kiss the junction of thigh and abdomen. He continued to tongue along as he slowly crept up to Michael's chest. There, his nipples begged to be touched, standing out, tall and proud. Daniel remembered back to some of his masturbation practices, and tweaked a nipple between his fingers. Michael bucked with the sensation. Daniel smiled against Michael's chest, and then pulled the other nipple into his mouth to suck on it. Michael cried out with pleasure. Daniel reached down again to stroke Michael's cock, but Michael caught his hand.

"You touch me now, it'll be over...." Daniel pulled his hand from his, and grabbed Michael's cock and firmly stroked.

"Oh god! I'm cumming!!" Michael groaned and Daniel felt the hot, wet blasts slap against his chest and stomach. 

Daniel leaned forward and kissed him as his body continued to quake through his orgasm. Michael returned the kiss with enthusiasm as he continued to thrust against him. 

"Holy... wow." Michael sighed. 

Daniel reached down and fondled his balls. Michael, even though he recently spilled his load and was never a multiple orgasm guy, could feel his body reacting again.

After playing with his balls for a bit more, Daniel felt bolder, enough so to move south of that to Michael's pucker. He dragged a finger across and was rewarded with another involuntary hip thrust from Michael. At this rate, Daniel felt he was riding a bucking bull. He fingered his hole a bit more- remembering from the porn videos the women enjoying this part, and why would it be that much different? And Michael's body sure was proving that theory correct. He considered what Michael said about stretching him out before they could go further. He reached for the lube and tried to open it, but his hands were shaking. Michael covered his hands with his own and helped open the bottle. 

"Just poor some onto a finger and gently push it in. I'm going to push out to help ease the way okay. Keep this in mind for when it's your turn okay?" Michael whispered in his ear. Daniel shuddered, but kept focus. He poured a small amount onto his finger and brushed it against Michael's opening. 

"More" Michael said strained, and Daniel went to push his finger in. Michael grabbed his hand.

"No, I meant lube specifically, but yeah... mmm...more" Michael moaned. Daniel quickly grabbed the bottle. He recalled what Michael had told him about lube being a man's best friend. He poured a lot more onto his fingers, gently pushed on Michael's hole. The tip popped past his sphincter, so Daniel poured more as he inserted further. 

"Oh, god... keep doing that... add another finger!" Michael couldn't stop his hips. Daniel quickly rearranged so Michael's thighs were over his own, and wrapped around his hips. This way when he bucked up, Daniel wasn't at risk of being dropped off the bed. He worked a second finger in, and then thrust the two in and out of Michael. Michael's abdomen was covered with precum, and sweat. He couldn't stop moving. But he knew it was going to get better. 

"oh... okay, so next... mmmgh... turn your" he panted "fingers around... oh god just like that!! Oh... god... now" he shuddered, "make, a motion, like a come here wiggle with your fingers... AH! GOD THAT'S THE SPOT!!" 

Daniel felt his fingers brush a lump deep in Michael's rectum. He wasn't sure what it was, but it must have felt awesome to Michael because he was squirming on the bed almost like it hurt, but the noises he made sure sounded like it was unbearably pleasurable. He kept working the spot until Michael screamed. Cum shot out of his cock like a fire hose, hitting Daniel in the face, as well as covering most of Michael. 

Michael panted hard, trying to catch his breath. He pulled Daniel down for another kiss. "Okay, now, fuck me." 

Daniel fumbled a bit.

"Here," Michael grabbed a condom, and the lube, sitting up a bit. After the awesome orgasm he just had it was difficult, but his cock was still hard and begging for another release. He wasn't about to deny his body the pleasure of being fucked. He opened the lube, poured some into his hand and rubbed a bit on Daniel's rod. Daniel shuddered but remained quiet. Michael then unrolled the condom, with Daniel actively watching. 
