 Michael woke up with the sun, excited as a kid on Christmas morning. He went for his run, but was too anxious to go much further than a few miles. He got back to the house he'd bought with Daniel two months after they'd had their commitment ceremony. They'd only lived there for a few short months, but now, they were settled into their jobs. So today was a step forward for their relationship. He took his running shoes off in the mudroom and then walked quietly into the bedroom, knowing Daniel was still probably asleep. Sure enough, Daniel was snoring, but he'd rolled over into Michael's side, and pulled his pillow tight to his chest. Michael chuckled softly, and then padded to the bathroom. He hopped into the shower, quickly rinsing down and washing off the thin layer of sweat he'd worked up. 

After toweling off, he tied the towel around his waist and peeked out into the bedroom. Daniel was still snoring. Michael checked his watch, and realizing they still had quite a bit of time before they had to leave, decided to wake up Daniel in their favorite way. Michael crawled onto the bed, and starting with Daniel's ankles he kissed slowly up. It was always funny to see how far up Daniel's wiry body Michael could get before he woke up. He made it to the back of Daniel's left knee with the soft tickling brushes before the first stir. Michael hesitated briefly, waiting to see if Daniel would wake. A snuffling snore indicated he still was sleeping. Michael continued his path, making it to the juncture of thigh and groin. Another shift, another snuffle, but still Daniel slept on. Usually, Michael could get to Daniel's sides or abdomen before he woke up.

Daniel slapped at the tickle under his rib cage, thinking a bug had decided to land on him. 

"Ouch." 

Daniel froze. Bugs don't normally complain when you hit them. He opened his eyes, seeing Michael posed above him. 

"Hey..." Daniel said hesitantly. 

"I was trying to see at what point you'd wake up. I got to your rib this time." 

"Apparently. Did you want something?" 

"Oh, I don't know..." Michael said as he palmed Daniel's erection. 

"Mmm. I think I know." 

"We have a bit of time yet." 

"Good." Daniel said. "Top, or bottom?" 

"Oh, come on, don't make me decide." 

"Well, I don't care really." 

"Ugh, fine Um. Hmm..." Michael pondered. "I'm good with bottom today." 

"Alright. Assume the position." Daniel said, reaching over to the night stand and grabbing the ever present bottle of lube. Some day it might actually get put back into the drawer, but they still were in that honey-moon phase after the 'wedding' and couldn't get enough of each other. Michael flipped around the both of them, then worked his way to the middle of the bed. Daniel set down the lube to grab a pillow and shove it under Michael's lower back. He unwrapped the towel from Michael's waist, then picked the lube back up. He reached down with greased fingers, sliding them inside Michael. 

"Oh!" Michael made a quiet sound of surprise. 

"Like that?" Daniel whispered. 

"You know I do. You just know what triggers me so well. Mphm..." Michael was distracted by Daniel twisting his fingers around, stretching his hole. 

"I had the best teacher. Ready?" 

"Always." 

Daniel slid slowly into Michael, relishing the glide in. Michael squirmed impatiently, trying to get Daniel to move quicker. 

"Hold still, almost there..." Daniel said as he pinned Michael's hips to the pillow, forcing him to hold him motionless. He leaned down and nibbled on his neck as the last inch was pushed painstakingly slow. Using his lithe body he nestled into Michael's arms, moving his mouth toward's his lover's lips. 

"I need you to move." Michael uttered against Daniel's kisses. 

"Yeah?" 

"Yeah..."

Daniel held still for another aching few seconds, before pulling out slow and hesitating. 

Michael flipped Daniel underneath him, while simultaneously shoving Daniel's penis back into himself. 

"I can't... Wait for... you... anymore!" Michael grunted as he took long, hard rotating drops, riding out his frustration. Daniel grabbed his hips and just held on. It didn't take much longer and both men were at their breaking points. 

"There?" Daniel asked as he moved a hand to Michael's member.

"Yes!" he shouted and spurted at the same time. The rhythmic milking around his dick sent Daniel over the edge right after. He spilled himself deep into Michael. 

Panting, Michael fell onto Daniel's chest. 

"That, was fantastic." 

"Agree." Daniel said breathlessly. 

The men cuddled a bit longer, before Michael caught a glimpse of the time.

"Shoot, we got to get moving, otherwise we'll be late!" 

Daniel couldn't remember being so nervous. Not even when he was waiting outside his parent's house to reveal he was gay. Not even when he put himself on the line for Michael after being fired. Or even for their commitment ceremony, And really, there wasn't a reason he should be so nervous, this was pretty straight forward. Still, he couldn't hold still, squirming in the car seat as they parked. 

"Nervous?" Michael asked.

"Yeah." 

"Me too." 

They both got out of the car and walked towards the entrance. 

"I think because this is such a major stepping stone for us, that's what makes it worse." Michael said.

Daniel laughed. "This is big. This is a major part of our relationship. I can't believe we didn't do it earlier." 

They walked through the doors. A young woman greeted them. 

"Hi there! Can we help you with anything?" 

"We're here to see Kaylee." Michael said.

"Okay, right this way." They followed her to a small room off of reception. "She'll be right in, okay?" 

"Okay." 

There were 2 chairs in the small room, Michael sat down, but Daniel paced nervously as they waited. The door suddenly opened, and in walked a beautiful, petite black and white pitbull. The adoption coordinator let her off the leash, and she anxiously looked around. She looked almost as nervous as the two men. She made eye contact with Michael, and bounced over to him, and jumped in his lap. She started to lick his face. Daniel and the adoption coordinator laughed. Daniel walked over, and sat in the chair next to Michael and Kaylee. He reached over to pet the adorable bundle of energy, and she licked his hand. 

Daniel looked over at Michael. He had tears running down his face. 

"She's the one." Daniel said to the adoption coordinator. 

She smiled. "I'll get the paperwork ready, you guys hang out in here with her." 

"She's perfect. She... her eyes, they look just like Mollie's, I can't believe it. And this is what Mollie did when we adopted her too. Of course she was a puppy yet, and I was sitting on the floor, but..." 

Daniel nodded. Kaylee squirmed on Michael's lap to get into Daniel's. Michael allowed her to wiggle over, and she immediately licked Daniel over every surface she could reach.

"She's the one." Daniel repeated.

"I know I'll never replace Mollie, and that Kaylee is a different dog, but I feel it's meant to be." 

"I agree." Daniel said, then sputtered a bit as Kaylee tried to lick his lips. 

Daniel set her down on the ground and put her through a couple obedience commands. She sat, laid down and shook paws, which was sometimes more than what humane society dogs knew to do. They'd researched Kaylee online and knew from her description she would be a good match for them, but meeting her sealed the deal. 20 minutes later, they'd signed the contract, received a small bag of food, a leash, collar and a stuffed toy for Kaylee, and were on their way home with a new addition to their life. 

Daniel walked into the bedroom from the attached bathroom after brushing his teeth. Michael was sitting on the bed illuminated by the TV with his back to the headboard, and Daniel sighed as he realized Kaylee was snuggled in the middle of the bed next to Michael. 

"What? Did you really think she wasn't going to sleep with us?" 

"No, I knew that was going to happen, I just was hoping she'd sleep on the foot of the bed, not between us." 

"We'll see. It's her first night." 

"All the more reason to enforce the behavior we want to see long term..." Daniel said as he pulled back the covers and slid under them, mimicking Michael's sitting position. Kaylee wiggled over and laid her head in his lap. Daniel sighed and looked down at her.

"You aren't making it easy on me." 

She huffed and rolled onto her back for a belly rub. Michael laughed. 

"I love her already." 

"You loved her the moment she stepped into the room at the humane society." 

"Well, yeah." Michael scooted to lie fully down on the bed, Daniel followed suit. Kaylee bounced up momentarily, waited until they settled. She then wiggled her way in between the men. Michael laughed as he wrapped his arms around her and pulled Daniel in too.