 A Few Months Later... 

It was the night of the commitment ceremony. Daniel and Michael had invited all their families and friends to join them at the hall they'd booked. Although they couldn't get married in Wisconsin, they could apply for a civil union. It wasn't exactly the same, but it gave them the opportunity to be able to be each other's "next of kin" and to be able to share insurance coverage. Just Michael's family, Ben and James came with them to the court house to fill out the paperwork in front of the judge, but both men wanted to have the chance to celebrate with friends, so they decided to have a "wedding reception" type party at the local hall. 

"Before we get this party started, Daniel and I would like to share a few words... I guess they could be called wedding vows." Michael started. He handed the microphone to Daniel. 

"Until I met you, Michael Jacobson, I was a lost soul. I spent each day, just trying to get through until the next. I can not imagine life without you, and plan to spend each day making sure you understand what you mean to me. I love you Michael. Thank you so much for being my rock, and being patient for me." Daniel said choking up a bit. 

Michael took the microphone from Daniel. 

"I never knew what living was until I met you, Daniel Adams. Until that day I merely existed. I know each day was a struggle for you. I also can't imagine life without you." Michael also started to choke up. 

Ben ran up and grabbed the mic, 

"Guess it's time for the first dance before we all turn into blubbering fools..." 

Michael and Daniel laughed. 

The DJ started the song, which Michael had picked, without telling Daniel. As the last few lyrics rang clear through the dance hall, Daniel placed his head on Michael's shoulder and buried his head into his neck. He tried not to cry, but the last few lines of the lyrics hit home for them;

* "Are you there? 

Say a prayer, for the Pretender

Who started out so young and strong,

Only to surrender..."*

"You seriously got us a hotel room for tonight?" Michael asked as Daniel drove them across town. 

"I told you I wanted a wedding night... and a honeymoon. So tomorrow afternoon we fly out. And this is close to the airport." 

"Okay, fine. But I don't mind driving to the airport tomorrow." 

"Just enjoy it okay? James and Ben actually came up with the idea and paid for the hotel."

"Oh god, that makes it that much worse... what did we get ourselves into?" 

Daniel laughed as they pulled into the hotel. 

"Reservation for Jacobson/Adams." Daniel said. 

"Ah, thank you Mr. Jacobson, here is your key, everything is all paid for. Do you need a bellhop?" 

"Um, no I think we'll leave most of everything in the car, and just grab our overnights." 

Daniel and Michael headed for the elevator. Once the doors closed Michael turned to Daniel. 

"Ha, he called you Mr. Jacobson..." 

"I actually liked it. I think.... Hmm." 

"What?" 

"Well, what would you think if I legally changed my name to Daniel Jacobson?" 

Michael was speechless for a moment. "You really want to take my name?" 

"Yeah. I'd rather have your last name. My parents left me in the dust, why should I have any reminder where I came from? You are my family now, so why not." Daniel stated as a matter of fact.

Michael made a funny noise, so Daniel turned and saw Michael's eyes get misty. 

"Besides our vows, I think that was the most beautiful thing I've heard. And yes, I would love you to have my last name, especially when you reason it like that." Michael leaned over, and kissed him gently on the lips. The elevator door slide open mid-kiss, but the men didn't notice at first. A giggle caught their attention, and they pulled apart slightly, seeing two girls. 

"That's so freaking cute!" one said. They stepped into the elevator, both looked to be in their early 20s. 

"Totally." The other agreed. "How long have you guys been together?" 

"Um..." Daniel said. 

Michael laughed. "Just over a year. We're newly weds... on our honeymoon." Michael wiggled his ringed finger at them.

"Awe...." The girls said together. 

Daniel blushed as Michael laughed again. He pecked a kiss onto Daniel's lips and then stepped back a bit, but held onto Daniel's hand. The elevator stopped and the girls got off, but not before one tossed a "Have fun!" in a sing song voice over her shoulder.

Daniel sighed. Michael just shook his head in amusement. 

Finally the elevator reached their floor and they stepped off to search for their room. 

"Let's see, 1369 is the number... Ah here." Michael looked up and saw the door said 'Honeymoon Suite' on a placard. 

"Aw, crap, how much did they spend?" He used the card to open the lock. 

They stepped into the suite and were shocked. It looked like James and Ben had gone all out, and probably decorated the room themselves. Rose petals were scattered across the floor as well as the huge king sized bed that dominated the main room. A Jacuzzi tub that was heart shaped was in the large bathroom off to the right of the entrance. A large gift box was in the middle of the bed as well. 

"A lot..." Daniel said, stunned. 

"This is fantastic. Let's open the present." Michael bounced onto the bed like a little kid. Daniel laughed, set his bag on the table near the door, and followed Michael to the bed. He sat down next to him. Michael tore the paper off the box, and Daniel lifted the lid off it. They both started laughing together. 

"Only Ben and James... I swear." Daniel said as he pulled out a bottle of lube. Michael lifted up a book. 

"Hmm... 'Bend Over', the Complete Guide to Anal Sex for Men...." Michael fell over laughing. 

"Ooo, Gay Kama Sutra...." Daniel said pulling out another book. 

Michael sat back up. He pulled out a piece of paper covering what was left in the box.

He read it aloud, "The lube is for tonight. The rest of the items in this box are intended for the rest of the honeymoon. All you need tonight is each other.' James and Ben." 

"Cute. What else is in there?" 

"Hmm, handcuffs, some flavored lotion, and a variety of other sex toys." 

"Ah. Okay. I agree, let's put the rest away and just leave the lube." 

"I have a surprise for you." Michael said. 

"Okay. I have one for you too, but you first." 

Michael reached into his overnight bag, and pulled out a piece of paper.

"I got tested...So that we could potentially skip condoms tonight. I know you were a virgin when we met, so I feel comfortable moving ahead if you are." 

Daniel laughed, walked over to his bag and pulled out a similar paper. 

"I know it wasn't necessary, but I wanted the symbolic item to show off..." 

"Great minds think alike..." Michael said, reaching for Daniel. 

"One more thing." Daniel said against Michael's lips. 

"Make it quick, I need you in me." He said. 

"That's what I wanted to talk about. I want to bottom tonight." 

"Wha..." Michael froze. 

"I'm ready for it. And tonight is perfect, something different to remember our wedding night. I've been thinking about it a long time, almost from when we first started making love." 

"No matter what, tonight will be memorable. If you're sure, I want to make that you feel comfortable trying it. And if you need to, just like our first time, we'll stop and do something else, okay?" 

"Okay." Daniel nodded, looking enthusiastic. Michael laid him back against the pillows, the rose petals becoming displaced, sending the smell swirling throughout the air. He claimed his lips, kissing him hard. They struggled at the same time to pull each other's shirts off. Michael slowly kissed his way down Daniel's chest to his dress pants. He unbuttoned them, and tugged them down, leaving Daniel's boxers in place. Michael took his pants off quickly and then laid back down, covering Daniel's body with his. He leisurely rocked his hips into Daniel's, feeling both their cocks rise to the occasion. They continued to kiss each other, becoming lost in the sensations. Michael raised his head after a few minutes. 

"I love you." Daniel said

"Ditto." 

"Jerk. You know I love that movie." 

"Of course." Michael said as he pulled Daniel's boxers down. Daniel's cock stood straight out from his pelvis. 

"OooO, hello there." Michael leaned down and pulled Daniel into his mouth.

"Oh, gosh...." He whispered. Michael didn't dawdle long, but as he was suckling around the head of Daniel's penis, he worked a finger to Daniel's entrance. Daniel lifted his hips in ecstasy, leaning into Michael's fingers. He grabbed the lube and poured a generous amount onto his finger and Daniel's crack. He pushed his index finger in slowly. Daniel gasped, but pushed out like Michael had discussed previously. A few plunges with one finger, and then he worked a second finger in. He rotated his fingers to help open Daniel up a bit, and to find his prostate. 

"Oh!" Daniel exclaimed. 

"There it is..." 

Michael worked his fingers in and out, making sure to brush against his sensitive gland each stroke.

"Oh God, I need..." 

"Need?" 

"I need your hot dick in me... holy..." 

"Ready for me?" 

"Yes. Yes YES." Daniel said, punctuating his command with a thrust of his hips. 

Michael lubed up his cock and lined it up. 

"Okay, we're going to go slow..." 

Daniel sucked in a breath as Michael pushed gently. Michael watched Daniel's face closely to make sure he wasn't freaking out. So far, so good. He slowly inched forward. Daniel's mouth fell open, and his eyes screwed shut. 

"You okay?" Michael asked, stopping.

Daniel panted. Michael leaned forward a bit, and lightly kissed his lips. Daniel returned the kiss clumsily. 

"Um..." Daniel opened his eyes slightly, locking into Michael's. 

"Let me know... We're almost there..." 

"Go ahead... I think I'm okay..." Daniel closed his eyes again.

Michael pushed in tenderly the last inch. 

"All the way. Do you feel that? How deep I am in you? You feel great, I can't believe you're all mine." 

Daniel sobbed quietly, but Michael knew it wasn't because he was hurting, it was happy tears. Daniel's eyes shot open, still glistening, but now they had a determined glint to them. 

"Okay, um... I'm ready for you to move. It isn't uncomfortable anymore." 

"Okay, here we go..." Michael painstakingly pulled out slowly. Daniel moaned at the sensations, especially when he dragged the head of his cock across his prostate. Michael returned the vocalization when he pushed back in. 

"Oh God. I'm so glad we waited... this is fantastic." Daniel whispered. 

"Me too." Michael said as they slowly moved together, making love. Michael was moving so slow, it started to drive Daniel crazy. He began to push his hips back at Michael, wrapping his legs around his flank to gain leverage. Michael got the hint and started to take faster, shorter thrusts. Daniel threw his head back, enjoying every nuance of being a bottom. 

"You close?" Michael whispered.

"Almost..." Daniel jumped when he felt Michael's hand creep up to his cock and start to tug on him. 

"I need you there now, I'm so freaking close, I... oh lord..." Michael sat up on his haunches and hammered into Daniel for 4 or 5 thrusts, then stilled as he blasted his load deep into Daniel. The liquid rush inside Daniel spurred his climax to the forefront. Michael kept his hand moving on Daniel's hard cock as he erratically punched his hips through the feelings. Michael slumped onto Daniel's chest, squishing his cum between them. 

"I love you." Daniel whispered. 

"I love you more..." Michael said as he nuzzled into the crook of his neck. He nibbled along his chin to his lips, capturing them in a sensational kiss. 

* "Say a prayer for the pretender,

Are you there for the pretender

Say a prayer for the pretender, 

Are you there for the pretender?

Are you prepared for the pretender?"*

The End