 I was in a real fix, I thought, as I sat staring dumbfounded at the computer screen and its multitude of pop-up screens, each filthier with triple-x porn than the last. Every time, I closed out one window, it seemed three or four more popped up to prove that I was beaten. I'd been surfing online porn and sure enough had landed in a site that had infected by computer with some kind of virus or spyware I just couldn't get rid of. 

Unfortunately, I was not a computer expert. I'd deleted my temporary internet files, run my anti-virus software, re-checked my firewall settings and even ran a spyware removal kit. I prayed to the great computer in the sky. Nothing worked. In a few hours, my wife and the kids would be home from a day trip to her mother's and as soon as they were home they'd want to log onto their favourite chat rooms, where they would see nothing but porn poured upon porn. It wouldn't take my wife a minute to figure out how those windows got there in the first place, and she was not one to approve of pornography. She sure didn't expect me to be surfing porn sites on her computer. 

I sat scratching my head, wondering how the Hell I was going to get out of this one. When I had exhausted every option I could think of, I knew I needed help if I was to avoid severe embarrassment and humiliation–if not divorce.

There was a guy at work I knew, one of those guys like everyone knows, who had no real training but knew the workings of a computer better than the experts. His name was Cliff and we were on good enough terms that I could call him and ask him for a favour. I'd have to swallow my pride and hope he could help me without spreading the word about my predicament around the office. Even that would be better than allowing my wife to find out about this little adventure. Guys understood about porn-surfing; they might have a laugh at my expense, but they wouldn't take it far because it might be one of them getting caught next time.

I made the decision, grabbed the phone book and dialled Cliff's number. He picked up on the second ring... thank God!

"Cliff... it's me, Brian."

"Hey."

"Look, I'm having a little computer problem... and it's kind of embarrassing, but it's an emergency. Do you have a minute?"

"Sure. I'll be right over."

No hesitation at all, just a knowing answer that sounded like it was said through a smile. I blushed a little, trying to tell myself that it would be okay. Cliff would figure it out and put everything back to rights. I gave him the address of the house and he was pulling up in front of the house barely ten minutes later.

"So let me guess," he said. "Triple-x pop-up problem?"

I felt my ears go red with shame. "Uh, yeah," I said, probably a little too quickly. "Yeah, I don't know how that stuff gets in there, but I definitely want it gone before the kids get back and see that filth–"

"And the wife," Cliff said with a laugh. "I'll bet you don't want her to see what sort of sites you've been visiting on the family computer, eh?"

"Uh, yeah..."

He sat down in front of the computer and clicked a few windows closed, whistling between his teeth. "Nasty stuff, Brian. You've got some interesting taste."

I was getting impatient. It was noon, and I expected the wife and kids home in just a few short hours. "Can you do anything, Cliff?"

"Well," he said, "It's like this, Brian. I'm pretty sure I can help you..."

I sighed out loud with relief. I should have waited to hear the rest of what he had to say.

"Yeah, I can help you, but I am going to need you to help me too."

"Of course, of course," I said, "how much do you want?"

"Not money," he said. He turned the desk chair away from the computer and was sitting facing me. He was looking me right in the eye. "I want your mouth on my cock."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I expected he might want to be paid, after all he had me over a barrel and we weren't close friends or anything, but what did he say? 

"You heard me," he said with a trace of a smile. "I want you to pay me with a blow job, and that's just an installment. I want something before I start and I want the balance after I'm done. Otherwise that relief you just felt can go out the window... with your marriage. If it comes to that; it's not like the stuff you like there is illegal or anything...." It was a full blown smile now. "Take it or leave it; I've got other places I can be on a nice summer afternoon...." 

He made as if to get up and leave. I stammered something and he settled back in the chair, leaning back all the way and putting his hands behind his head, making himself really comfortable.

My mind was racing through the options and it was a short run. There was really no time to argue or negotiate. I didn't know anyone else that could help me, certainly no one available today. My choice was clear. Don't do it and I could lose any respect I ever had from my family, perhaps lose them altogether. Do it, and there was a chance, a real chance, everything would work out alright. After all, I wouldn't have to worry about Cliff spreading word of this around at work, because the guys would look at us both funny. 

Come on, I told myself, it's just a blow job; I like to get 'em, now I have to give one. I looked at the computer screen and saw more and more pop-ups. I can do this. I have to. 

I nodded to Cliff, hating him for making me do this, telling myself it served me right for getting into this mess, realizing he deserved something for getting me out of this mess, and recognizing with a little fright that this taboo thing I was about to do, which I was always taught was wrong, was hardening my cock in my pants.

There was no use delaying. It took me a full minute to work myself up to it, but I dropped to my knees. My hands reached for his waist, undid his belt buckle, and his fly. He lifted his hips off the chair and I pulled his pants down around his ankles. He groaned. I looked at his crotch, a stiffening cock clearly outlined in his y-fronts. I was scared to continue, but I knew that I had to. He raised his ass off the chair again and I tugged his underwear down out of my way. 

He reached down and put his hands on my head and began to pull my head down over his cock. It was not a particularly large cock, a bit smaller than my own seven-incher in fact. "Lick," he commanded. I did. I put out my tongue and began licking around his crotch. He began to moan. The scent and the taste of his sweaty skin was thick, pungent and though I hated to admit it, arousing. My lips traipsed over the soft flesh of his thighs, my nose rubbed deep into the fragrant bush of his pubic hair and my tongue washed his wrinkled ball-sac. I could not understand why I was not sick at this experience; in fact, I was enjoying it deeply. My cock was rock-hard and dribbling pre-cum already, and I was moaning too. We both groaned as I sucked one of his balls into my mouth and rolled my tongue over it repeatedly.

This went on for a few minutes until I found the nerve to move to target. With my hands on his thighs for support, I pulled my head up over his fully-erect cock and began to lick it from base to tip, where I tasted his pre-cum. My own cock was now lathering my underwear and my cock was straining at my pants. I couldn't believe how turned on I was by this forbidden act!

"Alright," he rasped, "suck!"

I did not hesitate now. I took the tip of his cock fully into my mouth and began to roll my tongue over it with rapid strokes before taking more of his shaft into my mouth. He was groaning loudly now, in time to my activities. I began to move faster, bobbing my head up and down over the deliciously hard cock, sucking and rolling it around in my mouth, savouring its taste, its texture, its desire for my mouth, a mouth which desired him now as well. The movement of my upper body was causing my entire body to vibrate, assuming a sex-like thrusting rhythm and it made my hardened cock rub against the inside of my jeans in a very stimulating way.

"Suck faster now, man," he said, "I'm close!"

So was I, though I could hardly believe it. The thought of being a completely submissive cocksucker to my co-worker was a huge turn-on. I knew he would not ask for permission, nor would he pull out. He was going to come in my mouth, and from the tempo of his moans and groans, so like my own, it was going to be soon. I was going to taste the cum of another man and I could hardly wait!

I did as I was told. I continued to suck him, increasing the pressure on his cock as I massaged it with my tongue in much the same manner as an old girlfriend used to do for me back before I was married. Faster, faster, faster, my movements, our moans, our build-up to explosion synchronizing...

And then, I heard his breathing go fast and shallow and I increased my speed to full. This stimulated my own cock, chafing faster and faster inside my pants, and I could barely believe it when I began to feel the semen making its way from my balls to my cock. I was going to come! But not first. Cliff let out a howl and a second later my mouth was filled with a salty bitter taste and a viscous fluid as well as a live wire of pulsing cock, and somewhere not far away I shared his exhilaration as my own cock blasted wave after wave of pleasure through my body. We must have been loud enough in our release to have been heard outside, but just for the moment I did not care.

The moment passed though and Cliff, now overstimulated by my continuing ministrations to his cock, roughly pushed me back, off his cock and onto the floor, and when he looked down at me and saw the wet spot through my jeans from crotch to knee, he laughed. "Cocksucker," he said. "Alright, that's your first installment, and Jesus Christ that was a good faith payment if ever I saw one!"

I lay in a heap on the floor where he had discarded me as he turned back to the computer and with ridiculous speed and ease restored the machine to its pristine order. Then he stood up, pulled up his pants and said he'd collect the balance of his payment soon, but he hadn't counted on me being such a natural cocksucker and he was drained right empty. I licked my lips unconsciously, and said thanks, odd as that may seem. Still laying on the floor beside the computer desk, completely satisfied myself, I watched him leave, wondering how this strange day's doings would affect me in the days to come.