 Two days later Art showed up at my door wearing a loose bathing suit and carrying a towel.

"Let me guess," I said, "you want to use my swimming pool."

"Yeah, and I'm hoping you'll join me. Actually, I want to swim in the nude, and I hope you'll do that with me, too."

"Of course I will. I need the exercise, and getting away from preparing lessons and reading students' papers will be good for me."

"But you're not doing either one right now," Art said.

"Well, hell, I gotta eat food, too, in addition to your dick."

I was preparing strawberries for a fruit salad and a strawberry shortcake. I also like to snack on strawberries.

"Tell you what, Art, if you step out of that bathing suit and set up the lounge chairs in the shady part of the patio, I'll join you in a few minutes. With extra strawberries."

As he stepped out of his bathing suit, he was sporting a very healthy hard-on. I looked at it, contemplating whether to stop what I'm doing so I could suck his beautiful cock to climax.

He must have been reading my mind because he gripped me in a strong hug, kissed me on the cheek, and whispered in my ear, "Do you need a break from that? I have something for you that you'll love. It's smooth, hard, and creamy."

I ignored him and continued with my chores, and he went out the back door to do his.

I could hear him frolicking in the water as I finished up and put my fruit salad and strawberries in the refrigerator. I also got a bowl for the strawberries that I didn't prepare—those that I didn't cut the green tops off. 

I removed my clothing before going outside. It was a hot day, and I love to swim in the nude.

Art was in a lounge chair idly playing with his erection when I came out with the strawberries.

"Where's the Cool Whip?" he asked.

"Huh?"

"Cool Whip! You don't eat strawberries plain, do you?"

"Well, yeah," I replied. "Since you already have the run of my house, it's in the fridge; you can bring it out yourself."

I sat down and started snacking.

Art was out in a flash with the whole container of Cool Whip and right away dunked two oversized strawberries into it.

On the third strawberry, he held it up to his face studying it—the small end aimed at his face.

Sarcastically I said, "Better study it carefully; you might have a quiz on it."

"Have you ever noticed that on some strawberries, if you look at them a certain way, they look like the head of a dick?"

Then he took that strawberry into his mouth and gave it a strong suck, with an obscene slurping noise.

I swear I saw his penis twitch!

The next one he dipped it into his mouth with a dab of Cool Whip on it, sucked off the topping, and smiled it me.

One didn't need to be a Greek scholar to know the meaning behind that!

We finished the strawberries in the next few minutes. Art got up to take the Cool Whip back to the fridge, but as he walked by me, he stuck his finger in the topping and handed the container to me.

He dabbed some topping on his penis and stood close to me. "I have another strawberry for you to eat, and it already comes with cream."

I set the container on the table and then grabbed Art's hips and put his "strawberry" in my mouth. I could feel his rigid penis sliding back and forth on the groove of my tongue. I applied stronger pressure from my palate to try to suck the life out of his cock.

I kept up the pressure for several minutes, thinking he would cum soon. He was merely stroking my hair and ears as he stood there enjoying the sensations I was giving him.

I was erect myself and tempted to stroke myself to orgasm I was so horny.

Then all of a sudden Art grabbed the sides of my head with both hands and pulled me into his body; then he began humping my face hard.

I felt his erection expand, and soon I could feel his cum erupting in my mouth. I tried not to swallow right away; I wanted to taste this young man's jism while I could before I swallowed.

I stood up from my seat; Art still stood, so I hugged him. My erection pushed upward as it his belly. I knew if I rubbed my body against his too tightly that I would cum all over him.

Art put his hand on my penis, but he was perceptive enough to know that if he put too much action into his manipulation that I would indeed cum all over him.

I saw him reach over to the Cool Whip and grab a large dollop of it in his fingers. He sat down, peeled my foreskin back, and applied the Cool Whip.

"Now I'm ready to eat your strawberry." 

The Cool Whip came off quickly, and then he sucked on the head of my penis while holding my foreskin back. With the action of his lips, tongue, and palate, I knew I wouldn't last long.

Then the bastard stopped!

"Art, what the fuck . . .!?"

"Let's go for a swim first!"

"Like hell! I'm ready to make an offering for the god Priapus into your mouth."

"Spoilsport! Okay, but I'm going to flavor it up again."

With an even bigger dollop of Cool Whip, Art again savored my cock. He varied his technique this time by using the foreskin to suck on, working his tongue on the head of my penis, and trying to deep-throat me. That last effort nearly caused him to regurgitate half a bowlful of strawberries.

I came suddenly, when he was not expecting it, and I came all over his face. 

"That's what you get when you don't pay attention," I said.

We spent quite some time swimming in my pool. I have always found swimming nude to be extremely erotic, and it has always given me a hard-on. I noticed it had the same effect on Art.

He climbed out and stood on the edge, looking at me.

"Is that a piss hard-on, or are you glad I'm here with you?" I asked.

"Yes."

"Ah. You like water sports?"

"Water sports?"

"Yeah, pee play. It's a lot of fun. First, let me go into the house and get something."

I came back with a tube of K-Y Jelly. I wanted that kid's beautiful little cock in my ass!

"What's that for?" he asked.

"You'll see. Now I am going to kneel down on all fours, and you are going to kneel behind me. I want you to pee on my asshole, then apply the K-Y Jelly to your dick, and then fuck the shit out of me. Doggy style, of course." I set plastic cushions down for us to be comfortable.

"Jeez, sounds like fun." He peed all over my asshole, my balls, my back, and arched his pee so it even hit my head.

Being the recipient of anal intercourse has never really appealed to me, and I had it done to me only once years ago. The experience was gentle and pleasant. However, I much prefer cocks and cunts.

But I cannot resist this beautiful young man with the pretty cock. He inserted it easily into me, and he held onto my hips while he humped me. In just a few minutes I could feel the swell of his penis as he filled me with his cum.

I stood up, and I could feel my own strong need to piss and come. I was hard, and my desire to masturbate myself to orgasm was strong.

"Piss on me!" Art said, still kneeling.

So I aimed at his crotch and emptied my bladder. When the last drop hung on my penis, Art was on it, sucking my cock hungrily. I wanted to cum, but I didn't want to be in a hurry to end it that quickly, either.

"Let's take a shower together, Art. And if we feel like it we can do some more swimming. Want to have supper with me?

"That'd be great!"

"Your parents don't mind if you spend the night with me, do they? I would love to have you sleep with me."

"It's no problem. I'm eighteen, remember? I sometimes stay over at friends' houses, especially when we've been drinking. And I'd love to sleep with you."