 It was early in the morning the camp ground was quiet, and almost empty. The sun still hadn't risen and there was a light dew on the ground. Martin wanted to wash up and wasn't ashamed of his body and knew there ere only a few others sharing the secluded camping area with him, all of them around his age and he doubted any of them would be offended by his nakedness. But mostly he was hoping that cute camper he'd briefly met the day before might also be up this early.

He got to the pump and picked up the priming can and poured a little water down the throat. He pumped the handle and a little water ran out into the can. He tried to get around and wash up but the stream stopped before he could. He tried it once more and still no luck, he was just about to give up when he saw the friend he'd met he day before walking toward him slowly. He stood up and waved and waited for him to get near.

"Hi, I was just trying to wash up but the pump won't cooperate. Would you mind giving me a hand?"

"Sure, I'll pump for you then you can pump for me."

They sat the water can down and took the pump handle. martin washed quickly, trying not to allow himself to become too erect but the more he tried the more he failed and the more his new friend smiled and pumped.

"Well, that should hold me, let me fill your can for you." Martin said as he reached for the water jug.

"Actually, I'd sort of fancy a bit of a washing up myself if you don't mind."

Martin smiled and set the jug aside as he watched the stranger disrobe and was pleased to see that the bulge he'd noticed turned out to be a long, thick full on erection. He watched as the stranger washed his face, chest, armpits, belly, ass and finally took his huge cock and balls and slowly washed them in the cold water.

"Well, there seems to be a shortage of towels around, I suppose we'll just have to walk it off."

"Or...I could give you a nice warm blow dry." 

Martin looked around and couldn't see anyone else stirring at this early hour so he stepped close to his new friend and put one hand on his thigh and cupped his balls in the other. 

"I would love a good blow dry, and wouldn't mind at all returning the favor." with that he stroked the beautiful cock a few times and ran his other hand around to clasp a firm ass cheek.

The stranger stepped a little closer and took martin's cock in his own hand and pressed it tight to his own. "I hear that by rubbing wood together you can start a fire."

"Yes, I can definitely feel the heat." Martin almost growled he felt the other cok pressed tight to his throb.

"I'm Martin." he said as the stranger slowly knelt in front of him.

"Hello Martin, I'm Carl, I'm VERY pleased to meet you, this is exactly the type of wood I was hoping to find in the woods." and as he uttered the last words he slid his mouth around martin's tool and started sucking.

"Oh yes, there is absolutely going to be a fire started here!" Martin put his hands on Carl's shoulders and closed his eyes, savoring the wonderful feeling of his cock being worked deeper and deeper until he felt Carl's nose nuzzling in his pubic hair. he looked down to see his entire cock deep throated as Carl started swallowing hard, massaging martin's cock with his throat. Carl slid a hand between martin's ass cheeks and found his ass hole, pressing a finger in he felt Martin relax and push back at the pressure. Carl et 1/2 the hard cock slide out of his mouth as he pushed first one, then two finger into Martin's ass.

"Fuck yes, Oh fuck me baby, fuck me right here!" Martin panted. 

Carl stood up and turned Martin toward the pump. "Bend over and spread wide so I can see you."

Martin gripped his ass cheeks and pulled them open and felt Carl's face push between them and a wet tongue replaced the finger, Carl licked and probed and when he felt martin was wet enough and relaxed enough he stood and slowly pushed his steel hard shaft into Martin's tight ass. 

Their slow pumping soon gave way to furious fucking and the sweat was glistening on both their bodies by the time Carl virtually screamed "I'm cumming" and pulled his cock out of martin's ass. Martin turned and saw the old man standing behind them watching silently. he had his own cock in his hand stroking it and just smiled as Martin dropped to his knees just in time to take Carl's cum load in the face. He stood back up with hot cum streaming down his face and nodded behind Carl, motioning with his eyes. Carl turned and saw the old man pumping his cock.

"Oh, good morning, I hope we didn't wake you!" Carl said.

"No, my damn morning hard on woke me, but I think I've found just the thing to relieve it." the elderly man said as he stepped closer. Carl felt martin's hands on his hips, then spreading his ass and he bent to take the old mans cock into his mouth. Martin guided his own cock, harder than it had been in years, into Carl's butt cheeks and found his hole. He pushed slowly until he felt his tip push past Carl's tight sphincter and then pushed hard and heard Carl moan his approval around the cock filling his mouth. He soon had a good motion going that matched Carl's head bobbing on the cock sprouting from a patch of silver hair. 

The old man puled Martin's cum streaked face to him and stared licking off the jizz as Martin started slapping balls with Carl and Carl long stroked the old man's cock from tip to tuft with great ease. The old man had a nice 7 inch long and fairly thick cock but Carl had perfected sucking cock at an early age and could easily deep throat 8 or 9 inches. The old mans lips found Martin's and sucked his tongue into his mouth, this drove martin to the edge and he started shooting cum deep into Carl's ass, Carl drove to the hilt on the old man's cock and felt the thick cum spray the back of his throat as Martin's cum sprayed the deep recesses of his ass.

"Oh yes, now that was a fine way to deal with morning wood, You boys should stop by my camp later, say around noon? I'm at he last space on the right, the blue pickup and camper." and he tucked his softening cock back in his pants and turned to leave.

"Hey, Pops, whats your name?" Carl called, Martin's cock still impaled in his ass.

"Donald, friends call me Uncle Donny, and I hope that after that we might be considered friends, what's your names?"

I'm Carl and this stud stuck in my ass is Martin." Martin smiled and nodded as his cock slipped from Carl's ass.

"Hi Uncle Donny, a nooner sounds like a great idea, see you there." Then he slid his hand up Carl's ass crack and pushed three fingers into the cum slicked hole just as the first rays of direct sunlight broke over the treetops.