 The rest of the day dragged by with nothing to do but read the handbook, eat the food that was brought and lay in the cell. None of us even got let out for a couple of hours exercise, and eventually the lights were all switched off and the wing descended into complete darkness. I dropped the hand book, stripped my jeans and vest top off and climbed into my bed, to wait the next morning.

I don't know how long I must have laid there trying to get to sleep but I must have eventually because the next thing I knew the bars to my cell were being bagged on and, as I slowly opened my eyes, I saw a guard I had never seen standing there before me. 

"Get out of that fucking bed and get dressed!" he bellowed.

"What the fuck," I said rubbing the sleep from my eyes. "What time is it?"

"It's fucking time to be up and ready," the guard responded. "It's your first full day of work."

Swinging my legs out of bed as the guard moved to the cell next to mine I hurriedly dragged my issued clothes on and stood next to the cell door.

Somewhere a button must have been pressed because my cell door swung open suddenly and I stepped out onto the wing. Looking around I saw all the other doors open as well and, one by one, the occupant joined me.

Once we were all released from the confines of our cells another guard entered the room.

"Right you lot follow me," he said. "Breakfast first and then out to work."

As we were led to the dining room nobody dared to say a word, for fear of pissing the guards off, and we were eventually ushered in to a large spacious room set out with a number of tables.

"Line up at the counter, get your breakfast and get on with it," one of the guards said.

Reaching the front of the line I was handed a bowl containing cereal and a large, plastic mug of tea. Turning away I looked for a table and saw Jeff sitting alone and decided I would go and have a chat with him. After what I had witnessed I needed to know that Sam and Mark had gone to him because they had done it before, or if it was something they did to all the prisoners when the urge took them.

"Is it okay if I sit here?" I asked him as I reached the table.

"Suit yourself," Jeff replied not even looking up.

"I'm Julez," I said and offered my hand towards him.

"That's nice," he replied not offering to tell me his name, even though I already knew it.

"II want to ask you something," I said.

"Ask doesn't mind I'll answer."

"I saw what went on last night," I said.

Suddenly Jeff lifted his head and looked at me.

"I need to know do they fuck all the guys or is there a reason they went straight to you?"

"Look Julez it is best you don't ask too many questions while you are here," Jeff said. "That way time will fly by."

"But you looked like you were really enjoying yourself."

"And if I refused what do you think would have happened?" Jeff asked.

"So you didn't want it then?" I asked.

"Actually it wasn't too bad to be honest," Jeff said. "Just make sure you do as I said and keep your head down and out of trouble."

Jeff then stood up and took his bowl and mug back to the counter. As more people followed Jeff to the counter I quickly finished my cereal and did the same. Once we were all lined up again we were led outside, to a waiting van, bundled in the back and told to keep quiet, before the van pulled away. Looking around I could tell that none of us, except Jeff, had any idea as to what was in store.

The drive to our destination took about an hour and when the van finally came to a stop, and we were ushered out, we were standing in the middle of what must have been The Quarry.

Looking around I could see massive piles of rocks placed in a large circle, and a penned in area in the middle.

"Right boys welcome to your first day," a man in work clothes said. "Today as it's your first day 

I expect you to get all those rocks into there."

We all stood about and waited for further instructions, and I wondered why putting the rocks where he wanted was important, when he began to yell.

"I fucking said rocks in there now get the fuck on with it!" He bellowed.

Walking over to one of the large piles I picked up the first rock, a large boulder weighing about a hundred pounds, and carried it to the centre and dropped it in. For the next hour or so I continued to shift the rocks, as the sun got higher in the sky and sweat began to drip from my forehead, until I only had a few left. Stopping I ripped my top over my head and tucked it into my jeans, before carrying on.

Picking up yet another rock, my thirtieth or fortieth of the day, I noticed a few of the others struggling. One was even sitting on the ground, his head between his legs, and I watched as one of the guards walked over to him. Instead of bending down to ask how he was the guard grabbed the man roughly under the armpit, dragged him back to his feet, and whispered something into his ear.

Whatever the guard said seemed to work because the man picked up a small rock and staggered to the centre before dropping it in. Once the guard saw that he was working again he walked away again, to the next man.

I continued to shift my rocks until I finally got to the last, and biggest, one. Wiping sweat from my forehead I bent to pick it up, the muscles in my arms tensing, the veins sticking up so much it looked like they were about to burst from my skin, and slowly began to ease the rock off the floor. I couldn't believe that the bastard guards had hidden the biggest one right at the end, it must have weighed close to three hundred pounds, but I eventually managed to get it up and over to the pen before dropping it in and collapsing onto the floor.

Before I had even hit the floor fully two guards surrounded me and dragged me back to my feet.

"You ain't got time to sit about boy," one of the guards said.

"But I've shifted all of my pile," I said.

Looking to where I pointed the guards stared at each other before calling over the man that was in charge.

"He's done his pile boss," the other guard said.

"Not bad boy" the boss said. "What's your name?"

"Julez sir," I gasped through parched lips.

"Well Julez no-one has ever shifted a full pile in one day, let alone one morning," the boss told me.

"Just doing what you said," I replied.

"Take him to the office I'll be there in a few minutes," the boss told the guards.

Keeping hold of one arm each the guards proceeded to half drag, half assist me to a small building that looked suspiciously like a mobile home. Once I was seated inside one of the guards left, and headed back to work.

"How the fuck did you manage to shift that lot so quick?" the guard that was left asked me.

"Wasn't really that hard," I answered. 

"That was supposed to take you all fucking day," the guard said.

"Tell me you're joking," I replied. "That shouldn't take anyone all day."

"Don't get fucking smart," the guard snapped. "Especially if you don't want to make too many enemies."

Before I could ask what he meant the door flew open and the boss walked in.

"Alright Joe you can leave us," he told the guard.

Once we were alone the boss looked me up and down letting his eyes linger over my muscular torso, which still glistened from sweat thanks to the heat outside.

"Why did you rush shifting those rocks?" The boss asked me.

"I was told to shift them so that's what I did," I replied.

"Now I've got to find you something else to do this afternoon."

"You could always send me back," I said jokingly.

"Don't get fucking smart with me boy," the boss snapped back. "Now I know exactly what you can do."

"What's that?" I asked.

"You can get your ass back out there and rebuild your pile, save my boys a job later."

"What the fuck," I snapped. "Why did I put them in the centre if you are just going to have them put back again?"

"Because I'm in fucking charge and I can do what the fuck I want," he growled menacingly. "Or I can let you stay here and send all the guards in, one at a time, and..."

"It's okay I understand," I said interrupting him and standing back up.

"Good for you Julez."

I left the office and began to head back to the centre rock pile when I noticed a couple of the guards disappearing out of view. Forgetting what the boss had said, it wouldn't take me long to get my pile put back anyway, I slowly followed the two guards.

I expected to find them either drinking or smoking something they shouldn't have been while on duty so the sight that greeted me as I got close enough to peer around the corner surprised me. The two of them had their trousers around their ankles, and they were busily masturbating each other furiously. 

Watching them, and getting turned on, I kept as quiet as I could as the two of them stopped masturbating and laid down on the hard, dusty surface. Instead of continuing to play with each other's dicks one of the guards rolled onto his back and the other climbed on top of him, lowering his ass towards the one underneath's face.

Once he was almost sitting on his face the one on top bent forward, took hold of the erect cock in front of him and lowered his mouth around the thick shaft. The guard underneath gasped before he gripped the others ass and separated his cheeks.

I stood transfixed, and as hard as one of the rocks I had been shifting, as the guard underneath began to flick his tongue over the other's ass, rimming him slowly. 

Just then I slipped on a loose stone and almost fell the noise causing the guards to stop what they were doing and look over at me.

"Get the fuck over here now," the guard on top shouted.

"What for?" I called as I stepped back.

"Just do it cunt," the guard underneath shouted. "Or you will be sorry."

Realizing that I didn't have a lot o choice I walked over to the two guards, who had parted, and stood before them.

"So what have we here then?" One of the guards said.

"Looks like a dirty peeping tom," the other said answering for me.

"I didn't mean anything," I said.

"Bit too late for that boy."

"Look I'll just get back to work and never say a word," I said.

"Unfortunately we can't allow that," the first guard said. "Just look at the state of us."

Gripping their hard, thick cocks they began to wank slowly in front of me.

"The least you could do is help us out."

"W-W-What do you mean?" I stuttered, knowing exactly what they meant.

"What I mean is that you better get here, drop to your knees and suck our dicks," the first guard said. "Or we go to the boss and tell him how we caught you trying to make a run for it, he likes escapees you know."

Caught between sucking the two thick cocks in front of me or suffering who knows what fate with the boss, who was a lot bigger than either of these two, I walked towards the guards and dropped to my knees.

"Good choice," the second guard said offering me his cock.

Gingerly reaching forward I wrapped my hand around his shaft and moved my head forward until the tip of his cock touched my lips.

"Open wide boy," the second guard said, gripping me by the hair.

Although I hadn't wanted to do this the sight of the cock right in front of me turned me on so much that I closed my eyes and took the whole length in one go. As I began to mouth my head back and forth, the cock tasting really good in my mouth, I felt the other guards cock against my lips as well, and before I could do anything that had also been forced into my mouth.

I had never before taken two cocks at once in any hole and, as I tried my hardest to suck them both, I found myself struggling. Neither of them were little cocks, both easily eight inches long and very thick, but I persevered due to fear of what the boss would do if he ever found out. 

Pretty quickly though the two guard's cock both twitched in my mouth and they came, together, filling my mouth rapidly with their thick, white milky liquid.

Swallowing as fast as I could I managed to take all they had to give and had to admit to myself that I had enjoyed it a lot more than I should have, before they removed their cocks from my mouth, pulled their trousers back up and told me to get back to work.

"Oh and we may well be seeing you later," the first guard said as I began to walk away.

Once back at the rocks I began to wonder I that was the way that Jeff first got caught, watching to guards at it, and wondered just how much they were willing to risk their jobs to get what they wanted.

At last though the day came to an end, we were bundled back into the van and driven back to the lock up. I was the last to get off the bus and as 

I did one of the guards came over to me.

"Don't forget we may be along to see you later," he said before walking away.

I hurried back to my cell and was relieved when the door shut and locked behind me, leaving me alone with thoughts of the two guards and how stupid I had been to get caught, but also thoughts of how much I had enjoyed sucking two cocks at once.