 When I say that Belial was, and still is, the love of my life I mean it. He was sweeter to me than any other man ever was. I love him to the point where now that he's gone I feel cold and alone. I know that I have friends who are willing to help me, but I can't get the words out. This is why I'm talking to you; whoever you may be. If you can understand the mind of a crazy person then you can understand anyone.

When I first met Lial I was walking home late from my part time job. I mean really late, I should have been off at 11:30 pm but I was let off at 1 am instead. Now that I think about it, that's kind of very illegal. But that's not the point, my point is, I was out very late and no one else was around, which caused him to come out of his hiding. Now, one thing about Lial that you should know is that he doesn't like beat around the bush, and when we met it was a very...sensitive procedure. 

Remember when I said that it was very late? Being a smart 21 year old college student I thought it was a good idea to take a short cut...through an alleyway. You always tell the people in horror movies to never go in them, so naturally why would we travel via alleyway during the night in real life? I'll tell you now it wasn't my brightest moment. But it happened and I wouldn't change it if I could go back. 

I stepped into the small walk and blissfully made my way. I remember pulling my jacket closer to my body. It was early spring so it wasn't that warm and at night the temperature dropped about 5 degrees. 

It was then that I hear his voice. 

"Hey there," he said. His voice sounded as if he had a smile plastered on his face and that was what scared me initially. Not so much that I was hearing a voice, but that it sounded so confidante, enticing even. So I kept walking. 

Maybe, I thought, it will leave if I ignore it long enough. 

"Are you scared? Is that why you won't talk to me?" It asked. 

"No, it's because you are a figment of my tired imagination. You are not real," I said matter-of-factly. I had no time for that shit; I wanted to go home, take a shower and sleep.

I heard a muffled chuckle but I kept my pace, why run if he wasn't real? While walking I tried to imagine what he would look like if the voice was real. It was a golden voice, handsome and deep. Something that would make women and men fall to their knees. He would have perfectly crafted gold hair and a strong tan body. Tight leather pants and an open white shirt...

"You couldn't be more wrong, William. I am very different compared to your sweet delusions." 

"Fine," I said, stopping in my tracks just a few feet away from the alley exit. "Show me if I'm so wrong!"

The fact that he knew what I was thinking should have been a clue as to what he was but I was tired. I didn't think he was real. 

"As you wish," the voice sighed. It was almost like a sigh of relief. 

I turned my body and saw a handsome man with short black hair, it was gelled to stay in place and he wore an expensive looking black suit. He had dark brown eyes and a slight tan, but other than that he looked very normal to me. Well, aside from the fact that he was incredibly handsome, could read my mind and was following me at night in an alleyway. 

Yup...Normal.

"Ha ha, I know right? Sorry to freak you out." He smiled. "But you intrigue me." 

I frowned. I could see him, I could smell the cologne on him, I was sure by that point that I could touch him if I wanted to. So that meant he was real. A—

"A normal guy who reads minds...I wish, but no," He grinned. He moved closer to me. Something about him drew me in...I was mesmerized by him and the strangest thought ran through head, I want him. But yet at the same time something told me that he was dangerous—that I shouldn't go near him. 

However I so badly wanted to.

"Same," he grinned. His sexy face relaxed to show me that he meant it and his tongue flickered from out of his mouth. My cock jumped. 

The way that he licked his lips made me want to scream in pleasure and I wanted him to suck on my nipples. I never had that instant feeling with anyone else before in my life till him. It was intense and all I wanted was him. The nagging feeling in the back of my soul became stronger. 

"What the hell are you?" I asked moving an inch closer to him. I don't know why I did, but it happened. I had told my brain that I wanted to get away from him, not closer.

"A demon. You can call me Lial, but my name is actually Belial, you know him. I'm pretty damn famous if I do say so myself." He looked as if he won an award because he was Belial the Demon.

I stood there like a dumb kid trying to remember what my friend Kevin said about Belial. Kevin has always had an obsessive interest in mythology, including the current religions. If I remembered correctly he was the demon of injustice or something. And if that was the case he wasn't someone you wanted to hang around with.

"Well, you would have remembered correctly young William."

"Why are you following me?" I asked, my voice getting more frantic than perhaps it should have been. 

"Because you intrigue me." I looked at him like he was on drugs, and deep down I was hoping he was.

"What?" I asked rising my left eyebrow. The way he spoke was like it was scripted and yet he was comfortable playing the part. 

"I saw you once talking with another human. Something about you sparked my interest."

Another human...

"I...I can't believe this... this is creepy as hell." I huffed.

He was dark and creepy. He was crazy enough to be considered insane, but the more I pushed away the more I wanted to go closer. It was like he was pulling me to him.

"You doubt me, don't you? I can see it, and I can hear it even more clearly. You think I am a human who has hit rock bottom. Someone who snapped... But you're wrong, William."

He moved two inches closer to me and smiled. 

Taking in a deep waft of my scent his pupils changed shaped from that human circle to the feline slit. My heart jumped into my mouth. 

Holy shit, I thought, he's telling the truth! 

That was all he did, at least for the first time. I wouldn't have been able to handle the full transformation right then. 

"So you finally believe me," he smiled. 

I took two steps back and that was all I needed then.

I ran away.

*

Once I got home I shut and locked all the windows and the door. I clutched my upper arms and shivered. What the hell was wrong with that man? People weren't supposed to do that—to change their eye shape—but he fucking did it!

Crossed my shitty apartment and took my clothes off in my bedroom. Then I stepped into the shower and turned the heat up as the water came gushing out. 

I couldn't stop thinking about him. The way he smiled at me, his voice, his scent...even his eyes were enough to get me hard, as much as they freaked me out.

With my back on the cold shower tiles I grasped my penis and started to stroke. His voice kept replying in my head. 'You intrigue me'...

As soon as I came I went to bed. I was too tired to do anything else.

*

I didn't want to but I had to go to school. If I was going to spend thousands of dollars on an education I was going to actually go to it. No matter how worried I was that he would find me. And as my luck would have it he did find me, as I was walking home...Again. 

*

"How the hell did you find me?" I yelled. He smiled at me. 

"I can hear your thoughts from a mile away." He sighed. "And I like the way you think."

"What do you want from me?" I asked. Scared, of course, but at the same time I really wanted him to touch me. 

"I want what you want, William." The demon said. 

"I want a partner. And I want that partner to be you."

I looked at the man and tried to sort out my thoughts running amok in my mind. He really did apply to me in the darkest most sensual way. But did I really want to trust a man who proved that he was a demon? Did I want to trust a demon? What would happen to me if I had sex with him? What are these feelings ECT? But, in the time span of about 5 minutes I determined that I no longer cared and just wanted to feel his heat on my body.

It was something about that pull... That pull made me want him.

I looked into his dark eyes and sighed. I felt my resolve weaken. 

"Where do you want to do this?" I asked. 

"Your place. Lead the way," he smiled.

*

I couldn't tell if the walk back to my place was too fast or too slow. We barely spoke, however his smile grew more each time I looked at him. I wanted him as much as I feared him. He wasn't human. I had no idea if he was even safe. The thought of his hand around my neck excited me, but also scared me shitless—considering it wouldn't take much to snap it in half. 

Every so often he would touch me briefly. Sometimes it was my back, or my ass, but it was mainly my hands. It was almost as if he wanted to hold my hand and show the world that I was his. But I tried thinking that this would be a once night stand. Nothing more nothing less. Or at least I wanted it to be. 

I had the keys ready while we walked because I wanted it to go as fast as it could. As excited I was I knew that this was going to be a long hard night—I was scared. At the door the keys in my hand but my fingers refused to work with me. It could have been because Lial had his hand on my hips and his groin pressed into my ass telling me how excited he was.

Once the door opened Lial shoved me inside and slammed the door shut. I was spun around and pressed into the door trapped between the Demon and the wood that separated me from the rest of the world. Lial gently brush his lips against mine. Just the small taste of him made me want more. I latched my mouth over his and I tried to open his mouth with my tongue but he refused to budge. Slightly disappointed I retreated back to my own mouth, only to have Lial invade me.

His tongue was violent and merciless as he explored my mouth. As he bit my bottom lip I shivered and let a small moan escape. Lial enjoy the noises I made and he took a hand full of my red hair and pulled, exposing my neck.

"So slender..." He moaned in the back of his throat. My heart jumped but he embraced me with small kisses that trailed down to the base of my collar bone and he started to suck, marking me.

"Aw," I moaned, "harder." I couldn't believe that I had said that. It was my first time with this...being. I wasn't sure if it was safe to go harder with him. 

"With pleasure," Lial growled. He picked me up and started down the hallway, "Where the fuck is your bed?"

"Just in there," I pointed to the only door that was shut and he nodded. 

He shut the door without letting me go. Lial made a dash to the bed and we landed on the bed with a dull thud. Lial had a deep hunger in his eyes and I shivered. I was given a clue what the night would be like.

Lial tore my shirt open; my buttons fell across the floor and bed. My hard pink nipples seemed to beckon to him as his head fell for my chest. I was hairless, everywhere. I made sure I was clean at all times, which also meant that I had regular checkups with the doctor. I liked to make sure that I hadn't caught anything. I used condoms. Usually. 

"Look who shaves," Lial chuckled, "It's like you knew I was coming for you... " 

By now my pants and underwear were nowhere to be seen and he was staring and my rock hard cock. He parted his lips and licked them as he engulfed my cock and started to suck.

I was so close to release when he stopped and I growled in protest. 

"Don't worry," he cooed, "I'm not done with you yet." His voice dropped and it sounded so husky and sinful I almost came then.

Lial grabbed my balls and squeezed, pausing my orgasm. I gasped as he flipped me over. Suddenly I was on my stomach. 

Carefully, Lial took his tie off, only to bind my wrists with it. The feel of the silk was so erotic and I let out a strangled moan. Lial laughed as he unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out.

"Do you mind if we go without a condom?" Lial asked, teasing my puckered rose bud. "I don't have any. I'm clean."

I went into my bedside table and pulled out a bottle of lube. I was surprise that I was still coherent enough to remember the lube. 

"Do what you want, I am too..." I huffed spreading my legs so that he could get a better angle. He poured some lube onto his hands as he prepped me.

"Good...I'm going in," he said as he slammed into me. 

I jumped because he filled me so fast and so hard and I wasn't expecting it. I groaned and he repeatedly slammed into me, getting faster and more violent with each thrust. At one point he started to slap my white ass, slowly turning it a brilliant red.

"Fuck...So tight...So warm..." Slap. I moaned and he'd slap again. "You're fucking mine. Got that? No one else is to touch your sexy body but me..." He demanded. I cummed on my bed with a scream and he gave one last thrust and filled me with his seed.

We both fell to the bed and waited for our breathing to regulate again. Once we calmed down Lial untied me and kissed my bruised wrists.

"I'm sorry. Looks like that hurts," he said, his eyes showed sparks of concern, but pride at the same time. Like while he was sorry for the pain on my wrists he was happy that he proved his strength. 

"Don't worry, I enjoyed it." I blushed. 

"Are you sure?"

"Oh, god yeah," I sighed, "and after that no one could ever fuck me like you just did. No worries there." Lial's face lit up with the promise of me being his exclusively. I knew that right there I wouldn't be single for a very long time. 

"I'm glad." He smiled, but I was already fast asleep by then. "Good night, babe" He whispered, kissing my forehead.

*

When I woke up that morning my ass was sore. My face flushed as I remember what Lial said as he spanked me. I looked beside me only to see that he wasn't there. The asshole had left me! I jumped out of bed to see if he had left anything for me, a note with a phone number, but I had no such luck.

I was prepared before the fucking for it to be a one night stand. But after what he said I was sure he was going to be there in the morning. 

I started to search my apartment. Once I got to the kitchen I heard some singing and my panic started to subside. I took a peek into the well lit room and instantly became hard. Lial was wearing an apron—while completely naked—and cooking.

"...The fuck?" I mumbled scratching my head. I had put some boxers on, but that was it. I could say I was getting ready for the day. He looked like he was going to go back to sleep as soon as he was done eating.

"Hello sunshine, are you hungry?" He asked, showing me that eggs were on the menu. His face was bright and cheerful and I swear I saw some blush rise onto his cheeks.

"A little; why are you cooking?" I was a little shocked that a demon was cooking me after sex breakfast. 

"Well, I woke up first and you seemed spent, so I let you rest longer. Are you okay with that or should I wake you up as soon as I open my eyes?" He said sarcastically as he placed the delicious smelling food onto some plates. I immediately stared to eat. Even though they were just eggs, they were the best I have ever had. It might have been because I didn't have to make them...

"Glad you like them," he chuckled while eating his own plate.

"They're," I took another bite of the eggs, "really good! I didn't know that demons could cook."

"I've cooked for myself for many years, William," his smile then turned very...dangerous as he let his gaze fall to my lips. "As much as I like knowing you enjoy my food, I would rather you be... slurping something else."

My cock responded eagerly and before I knew it my boxers were sporting a tent. The longer he stared at me the darker the tent became as my pre-cum soaked through. He smiled and I shivered as desire washed over me.

"Don't you have a job to go to?" I asked, slightly out of breath and fanning myself.

"Yes, actually I do. I have a case I need to go over before the hearing, so I should probably go now."

"What?" I stared at him like he grew a third eye. He has a case? What the hell did that mean?

"I'm a lawyer, I thought you knew." He shrugged and combed his ebony hair with his lean fingers.

"How the fuck was I supposed to know?" I asked meanwhile my hard on was successfully gone. I scowled because I was looking forward to Lial hammering my ass again. 

"I was well dressed," he grinned. Like that made much of a difference... 

"There are a lot of people, fyi, who dress well."

"Fine," he sighed, "Would you like an official meeting? My name is Lial Cameron; I am a high class lawyer. I don't take well to being told what to do, and I also don't like it when my possessions get taken away from me." He took a step towards me and I took a step back. The tone he was using was like he was... It was different. You knew he was angry by the way he said the words. They were cold and calculated.

"No one is going to take me away, Lial." I clutched to the kitchen counter, trying to hold myself up.

"Good," he purred. He pulled me into him and he nuzzled into my neck, showering me in kisses. "I would hate to have to punish you..." He nipped my neck and I moaned. "I should warn you though... There's this crazy fucking Angel who thinks that we're best friends. He might confront you, try to ignore him," he laughed as he walked back to my room. I followed, hoping for some more kisses.

I should have been shocked but after getting fucked by a demon knowing that there are Angles did nothing. 

"How do I know he's an Angel?" I asked. It was the weirdest question I had ever asked. 

"He'll have the brightest blue eyes you have ever seen. He'll also have long hair that looks like it's been bleach one too many times. Like yours, only... he was blond before he bleached." I frowned, how the hell did he know that I bleached my hair?

"Easy dear, it's not every day you see an Asian young man with red hair like yours. It only makes sense." 

I smiled, I had my hair done a year ago and it was still a nice red. I remember that it pissed my father off when I walked into the house with my hair bright red. He gave me the money to get my hair cut because it went down to my shoulders, and instead I got it timed and colored. That was an interesting week. That was also the week I came out to my parents. My sister already knew, and my mom had a feeling that I was gay, but my father had no idea. That was also the week I was dis-owned.

"It is nice, isn't it?" I smiled, running my fingers through the coarse hair. Since then I have had it cut. It sweeps around my head and it tucks nicely behind my ears and lies on my neck.

"It is, but that's not what we were discussing, was it? Just be careful if you see him... And William, don't tell him anything about you, or me, no matter how much he asks. It'll only bite us in the ass later."

I hope you bite me in the ass later...I thought smiling.

"Do you want to meet me here around 6 tonight? That is, if you want to stay the night again." I asked, waiting nervously. He walked out of the room dressed in his wonderful, tailored suit and kissed me, his tongue ravaging me again.

"That sounds like a plan to me," the door opened and he walked away. 

*

School was boring. I really didn't like the courses I was taking but I went anyways. It would have been a shame to waste all that hard earned money. After school was another story though. I was shuffling off campus when I heard someone call my name.

"Will! WILL, DAMNIT, I KNOW YOU CAN HEAR ME!" I slowly turned my head to see my buddy trying to reach me through the sea of people. He was a bit taller than me, around 6', with honey brown hair with a natural curl. His eyes were a forest green, and he had the smile of an angel... It was just too bad he didn't act like one.
