 David Pennington was a retired police officer with a cranky temperament. He had spent 20 years as a Cop before his divorce. After the divorce he decided it was time to start living the dream and taking a corporate security job for a real salary.

He took the job for a hotel chain and moved from Atlanta to Miami, where his only son David Jr. (Davey) attended "The U".

Sr. was a large rough looking guy, about 5'11" and 215 Lbs. He had dark thinning hair and was fairly fit for 46 with a little role of fat in the mid-section. He was tough minded and in the eyes of more than a few people that know him, a bit of a prick.

His relationship with his son had been strained for years and nearly blew up during his divorce 2 years ago. Junior did not appreciate the treatment of his mother during that process. Since then, Senior has tried to repair the relationship, at least to the extent his personality would allow him to mend fences. His normal mode of operation is to knock down fences and move full speed ahead. 

He was not interested in the feelings of others as a rule and really did not want to indulge his son's weaknesses. The boy was way too soft in his mind, but he was sincerely trying to ratchet down the tension between them. He thought when he decided on The U it would give them a chance to spend time together. So far it had not worked.

He would often text and invite David Jr. to dinner or a Marlins game and almost always got the "I'm kind of busy" response. That made the text he just got all the more surprising.

Junior: Hey, got plans tomorrow night?

Senior: Sunday? no what's up?

Junior: thought you could buy dinner😊

Senior: you in trouble?

Junior: no!

Senior: sounds good. where?

Junior: you gotta ask?

Senior: Larios?

Junior: 😊

Senior: pick you up at 6?

Junior: K

David really was not crazy about Cuban food, but Junior loved it, so he would take what he could get. He could not help but wonder what Junior needed. He never initiated getting together...

He picked him up at his dorm on a beautiful but "Florida Hot" day. Spicy Cuban food in 96-degree heat was not his first choice. Junior seemed to be in good spirits and was surprisingly talkative.

"So, are you still enjoying the job dad? You're not too bored? I know you loved working cases," he asked seeming genuinely interested.

"I have to admit, I miss banging a few heads every now and then, but. I get to travel, I'm living in Miami. It's all good. How about you? School going ok?" he asked waiting for the bad news.

"I made the dean's list last semester and all A's so far this semester," said Dave smiling.

"Great." said Dave senior, halfheartedly. 

He could not understand a psychology degree. He thought it was a massive waste of money. He really wanted him to go into engineering, medicine or law. These were areas of study that paid well. "Psych degrees get you a job in the food service industry", he used to tell Davey. He has learned to bite his tongue lately, so he did just that. 

They arrived at the restaurant and David Senior was happy he made a reservation. He was surprised it was this busy on a Sunday evening. The waitress was a beautiful young girl, probably Cuban with straight black shimmering hair and a skin-tight blouse with size 38's possibly. She wore equally tight black dress pants that showed every curve and crevasse of a round firm ass that you could have bounced a quarter off. 

Senior could not contain himself, "Now that is some Cuban I could sink my teeth into right there! (She walked by giving a great view of her curved ass.) Holy shit son, I'd pay a thousand bucks to fuck that tight little ass!"

"Really Dad? She's my age!" Dave replied, disgusted by the horny macho asshole coming out again. He had so hoped he would not see that side of him tonight. It started out so well.

"I would bend her over and fuck that ass...Damn. Image shooting a load on that brown little back. Whole new meaning to "wet back"," he said chuckling.

"Oh God Dad! Please shut the hell up. Can you please keep the racist shit to yourself! It's fucking 2018, and anyone with half a brain knows we are just people regardless of where we're from. Can we please just eat dinner and act like you are a human being and not a racist pig!" He whispered pleadingly. "And I don't mean pig as a dis on cops. I mean it like a garbage wallowing ignorant beast." 

Senior resisted the urge to back hand the spineless little prick that just called him a pig. Assault charges would surely mean losing his job and he had way too much to lose if that happened. He wished he had slapped the kid a little more often. Maybe he would not be the psych majoring little pansy he is today if he'd toughened him up a little more. 

The waitress came to the table for drink orders and Senior ordered a bourbon thinking to himself, "Shit, would I like to pin her down, titty fuck the senorita and blow on her cute little face."

Junior could tell from his dad's hungry look, he was still thinking of fucking the beautiful young lady that could be his fucking daughter. This made for a rather quiet dinner, as neither could think of anything to say without starting another argument.

Senior tried the braised short ribs and was very impressed. He thought, "Maybe this place is not so bad after all." Junior had the Churrasco and was happy with it also. "Of course, he was happy; he got a free meal," thought David.

On the drive home Junior did his best to keep the conversation going but it was difficult to find common ground with his prick of a father. "You can't pick your relatives," his dad used to say about his in laws. After a long silence, Junior spoke up.

"I almost forgot. Do you remember Tony my lab partner last year in chemistry?" he asked with a bit too much enthusiasm.

Senior thought, "Now we get the reason for the dinner. I knew there was a catch. Why else would the ungrateful little douche initiated getting together?"

"Not really," replied his father. "Oh, is that the nipple head that picked you up that one weekend last year when the car was in the shop?" 

"Nipple head?" replied Junior in disbelief.

"Nerd, bowl cut sitting on his head...nipple head," he answered as he realized he was losing ground with every word. "I'm sorry David, even I know I'm being obnoxious. Is that the young man that picked you up last year and took you back to school?"

"Yes, anyway, he is doing a survey for Psych 202. As part of his field studies report, he is looking for a cross section of people to take a survey, where you just answer a bunch of questions on line and he will be putting together personality profiles for his lab grade. I told him I would get you and Mom to participate. He was very excited about including a Police Officer in his group. Would you please help him out and do the survey?"

"I'm not sure I have time for that. How many questions and what kind of answers will he be looking for? I have no desire to do a bunch of essay questions. Tell me it's multiple choice." Said Senior, losing interest rapidly.

"Dad please! I don't ask for that much from you. Please help my fiend out and take the damn survey. I know it's not essay questions, it's probably multiple choice." he said frustrated.

Senior was laughing inside thinking, "Ungrateful little prick, I'm forking out money for a fucking psych degree..." He stopped himself and tried to remember his mission to mend fences not knock more down.

"Ok, what do I need to do son?" he asked halfheartedly.

Resisting blurting out "Fuck off!" Junior replied, "He will text you the instructions and if he calls please answer or call him back if he leaves a message. He needs time to process all the data and you are one of about 60 people he has to process." 

"Alright, I'll do it...I promise," said senior, hoping the text would not come.

Junior, got out of the car thankful to be done with the asshole for a while. "Thanks Dad," he said curtly and closed the door never looking back. He hoped initiating the get together bought him some karmic relief from seeing the prick for a while. 

Senior went home and could not stop thinking about the hot little Cuban babe. So, as he has done so many times since the divorce, he trolled the internet. After googling "Cuban ass fucking" he watched several videos of plump round asses getting fucked by a dick at least twice the size of his own. 

His normal ritual included turning of all the lights, laying in his recliner naked and seeing how far he could shoot his cum up his semi hairy belly. As the red headed Cuban babe, got her ass pounded by a 10-inch+ fat cock, Senior stroked his 7-inch tool trying not to cum too quickly. He watched the fat cock slide in and out as the tight sphincter clung to it and the girl screamed in pleasure. 

As his cock oozed pre-cum the lube took away his control and he began to whack himself off wildly. He Grunted, "Oh Fuck Yeah! Take that in your ass you horny fucking slut! You fucking like that don't you! Auh! Auh! Auh! he grunted squeezing his cock hard holding in his cum for 2 shots while the third burst the damn and shot his hot cum all the way to his neck. He did a half sit up as his body convulsed shooting two more squirts on to his stomach. 

"Take that Bitch," he grunted as his orgasm subsided. He wiped himself clean with the tissues on the table next to his recliner. 

Sadly, this was a ritual he repeated three to four times every week. He fantasized about life after divorce for years, envisioning dating different women ever week. More often than not, it is a different woman in a video, any night he wants and his right hand, his true sex partner.

David left for LA the next morning for a 2-week road trip and completely forgot about his promise to take the survey. He did meet an attractive lady in the hotel bar in Denver 10 days into his trip. She was an attractive divorcee in her early forties. She was ready to make up for lost time and have a little meaningless encounter, just because she could. He was in decent shape, a man's man and paying her the kind of attention her ex had stopped giving some time ago.

Things were going smoothly, and he was sure they would hook-up until... He started bragging about his days on the force and making a perp "do the funky chicken" with a Taser. Oblivious to the discomfort she started to feel from his insensitivity toward his fellow human beings, he went on to comment about how he looked like a bad break dancer. When he added the racist tilt to the story he doused any remaining ember of hope.

That night he ended up jacking off to a similar looking milf sucking a cock much bigger than his and telling her how much she liked it. He was angrier with himself than the woman he scared off. Two years divorced, and he still could not talk to women.  

With the uniform, he never had trouble getting action. Many women loved a man in uniform and that was all it took. Others were intimidated by the uniform and that worked too. Since retirement it has been another story. He pondered why it is he's never gotten past a second or third date. He vowed to do better at being politically correct. Unfortunately, he had made that vow on more than one occasion and it never seemed to stick.

He returned home late on a Friday night, a little too jet lagged to do anything but flip on the TV. He sent off a quick text to Junior.

Senior: "Back in town, how's your weekend look?"

Junior: "Busy"

Senior: "Maybe next weekend?"

As expected, there was no reply. He was surprised the ungrateful little twerp bothered to reply the first time. "Maybe if I cut the money flow he would show a little respect," he said to himself. 

He poured a tall glass of whiskey and settled into his easy chair, knowing if he really did cut off funds, the spiteful ex which would drag him back into court for more money. 

Tonight, he pulled up a video of a milf that looked like his ex and watched her take it up the ass. He hit the jackpot when he found one that featured a lady that did not like anal, taking it hard and learning she really did like it.

He pictured his wife protesting as he pounded her tight hole and shot his load all over her full ass. He worked his cock ferociously.

"I knew you'd like it you fucking slut! Take this cock you horny fuck!" He grunted. 

He closed his eyes and pictured his ex-bent over the arm of the chair, "Fuck me David! like the horny fucking slut I am baby! Your cock feels so good in my ass. Pound my ass baby please!"

He blew a huge wad onto his hairy stomach, "Lick up my cum and clean my cock off you fucking bitch!" he grunted as his belly button filled with his hot cum. His body shook, and the recliner rocked back, feeling like it might tip, as he jack hammered his boner.

His stress relieved, he felt better sopping up his spilled seed with his handy dandy tissues. "Old Rosie never lets me down," he said to himself. Thinking about the last 10 years of his marriage and how little satisfaction the ex ever brought him. He passed out in his chair and awoke around 10 AM to the sound of a text dinging in.

Tony: Hi Mr. Pennington, this is Tony Neri, Dave's friend from Psych. He said you would be kind enough participate in my personality profile survey. Thanks so much! Here is the link http://www.umpsych.temp.org/. The survey is completely anonymous, and you can save it and go back as often as you like to get finish it. Your password is: subject56. That is all you need for the login. It gives you the option to change the password if you like. That way no one else could possibly modify your answers. There are a lot of questions, but they are multiple choice, one word or true-false. It's best to answer them quickly with the first thought that comes to mind.

When you are done and hit submit. The login will no longer work and only I can see the results. Also, if you chose to change your password, I will have no way of knowing the answers are yours. Thanks again for participating, please text or call with any questions. I would appreciate if you could shoot a quick text when you are done, so I can check you off the list.

Thanks,

Tony.

David, cringed, having forgot about that promise. He texted back.

David: Your lucky day Tony, I'm jet lagged, the weather sucks, so it's a perfect day to do your survey. I'll let you know when I'm done.

He rolled his eyes and got up sighing, "Fuck this. I ain't got time for this Psychobabble shit." He said to himself.

He got up, showered and shaved, and looked out to see what looked like a tropical storm raging on. He sat in the recliner with a sandwich and chips turned on ESPN to see lady's college Bowling. "Sounds good," he thought, and settled in.

After an hour of checking out the coed asses, he pulled out the laptop and checked his e-mail. There was an e-mail from Tony with the same information regarding the survey link. "Persistent little fuck," he thought to himself.

After he read his new e-mails he saw the link and decided to click it. It brought him to a login page. He thought for a moment and entered the password, subject56.

A prompt came up with the choice to proceed to survey or change password and he thought, "Not another fucking password in my life," and hit proceed to survey which brought up the following response.

"Thank you for participating in our survey. We know your time is important and we have designed this survey to be as quick and painless as possible. You will see a series of True/False, multiple choice and one-word answer questions. 

Please answer as quickly as possible with your first thought. 

Ideally, it is best to answer all the question in one session. However, if you need to take a break, please log out and when you log back in it will continue where you left off.

There are no wrong answers and you will not be graded! Thanks again and enjoy!"

David pushed "Begin Survey" and the first question popped up.

"If you could be any animal what would it be?"

He immediately typed, "Lion."

"What's your favorite Flower?"

He thought, "flower? What a pansy ass question. That's it, pansy"

Then he noticed an indicator at the bottom of the screen. "2 of 150."

"Fuck! 150 questions!" He whined. "Ok, Ok"

When he finished the last one, he smiled when he hit enter. "Last one!"

A new screen propped up. "Thanks for completing the one-word answer questions. You did so in 51 minutes. Please press to continue to multiple choice questions."

He pressed continue, biting his lip in disbelief there were more!

The next question popped up and the indicator said 1 of 200. 

"Fuck Off," he mumbled as he read the first question. Of the following what is your favorite day of the week? The choices were Thursday, Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. He chose Sunday. "Dah, football!" he thought.

He grew more frustrated as the question continued. They were mundane useless questions he thought as drudged through them. "Fucking Psych majors, It's all bull shit! Same fucking question worded three different ways!" he grumbled.

Then questions about sports popped in and brought his frustration level down a little.

Which of the following would be your favorite sport?

a. Basketball

b. Soccer

c. Baseball

e. Hockey

"Hockey!" he thought picking quickly. Too much flopping in Soccer and Basketball and baseball are boring!"

He finally made it through the multiple choice and moved on to True/False. His blood pressure rose when he saw the status bar...1 of 350. 

"Fuck it!" he yelled pushing setting the laptop on the table next to his chair. 

He took a few deep breathes and closed his eyes. His rage subsided fairly quickly, and he convinced himself it was for Davey and he could suck it up. 

He grabbed the laptop and dove back in.

"The carrot is mightier than the stick, T or F?" F.

"People are basically good, T or F?" F.

Sex is fun, T or F?" T.

Children should be seen and not heard, T or F?" T.

The mindless questions continued but he was enjoying the challenge to see how quick he could answer. He finally finished and enter the last one.

"Congratulations! You've completed the survey! Thanks again for your participation, we appreciate your assistance on this project. Have a great day! U of M Phycology Department."

Feeling proud of his enduring more than three and a half hours of psychological torture, he texted Junior and let him know he kept his promise. Two hours passed and no response.

"Ungrateful as usual," he thought, getting up to go to the gym to let off some steam.

He had a strong workout, doing some upper body weight training and forty minutes on the treadmill. He fell asleep that night thinking about the lack of response from Junior to his text about taking the survey. "Ungrateful little punk..." He thought as he faded out.

A full two weeks had passed, and he still had not heard from Junior. When his text alert dinged on a Friday at 6:15 PM.

Tony: Hi Mr. Pennington, It's Tony Neri. I finished my survey analysis and was surprised by the results of your profile. I was wondering if you were coming to parent's weekend and could come by my room to explore my findings.

David: I thought the results were confidential?

Tony: Remember, if you changed your password it would be a blind survey. Subject56 was you. 

David: I didn't know it was parent's weekend, and I am not planning on coming.

Tony: What a shame. 

David: What was surprising?

Tony: I'd rather not say via text. Why don't you come here Saturday morning before the game around 10:00 AM?

David: Glad I could help a friend of Davey, but I am not interested, thanks.

Tony: You will be at my room tomorrow at 10:00AM. Room 414 in Smith Hall.

David: What?

Tony: See you then and I will tell you what I found.

David: Don't really care. Have a good life.
