 Tom's tutoring session was set for six o'clock Monday evening and I decided to go for a short run at four thirty.

"Anyone ever tell you that you run like a girl?"

Tom had pulled up beside me, in tennis shorts and a football jersey cut off midriff. He was grinning at me.

"Kiss my ass, Braddock," I snorted.

"I'd love to, it's all I can think about."

His eyes were dancing with laughter.

"You may be a big shot quarterback but there was a time when I could run your ass into the ground. I won state finals in track back home."

"Your knee and ankle?"

"Yeah, I have to be careful now. It was almost a year before I could even run."

"That's why I'm taking it easy with you," he laughed. "I'm okay jogging at your pace, snail. The coach put us through our paces this afternoon but he cut us loose early. I showered and came over only to find you out running."

"And now you're getting sweaty again."

"I've hardly broken a sweat and you know it. Neither have you."

"I'm used to it."

"So am I, sexy buns."

"Got something on your mind?"

"You. Naked."

I arched my eyebrows at him and laughed. He took my arm and we jogged over to some high bushes next to a sorority house. He shoved me through them until my back was against the wall. Then he pushed himself onto me and his mouth covered mine. He kissed me until I could barely breathe and my lips felt bruised.

"I've wanted to do that since Saturday," he panted. "You're taking over my life, Lucas, and you're all I can think about now."

We heard female voices as they exited the building and Tom became guarded. He pushed through the bushes and laughed.

"Sorry girls, I needed to take a little break in the bushes."

"So you pissed on the Alpha Gam house, Tom?"

They were laughing.

"Actually I didn't hit the building. I don't know about Lucas though."

I came through the bushes trying hard not to blush, laughing too.

"Lucas Blake, you handsome devil! What are you doing hanging out in the bushes with this reprobate Tom Braddock?"

It was Emily Carroll, a math major and friend of mine. I recognized the other two girls but didn't know their names.

"The call of nature was too much for me."

"So what are you guys up to?"

"I'm taking him to the Pizza Hut down the street for supper before we go back to his place and hit the books. Lucas is my math tutor and he's a slave driver. You girls want to join us?"

"We'd like to but we've got other plans," Emily said.

"Too bad," Tom answered. "Well, have fun whatever you're doing. Come on, Lucas, I don't have all night."

We walked the rest of the way to the Pizza Hut.

"That was a close call," I said quietly.

"Don't worry about it. There's no way they could see in those bushes. I'm going to catch hell from Sandy, though. Margaret Sanderson's probably already on her cell phone calling her to tell her that I'm going out to supper with you instead of her."

"You don't have to take me out to supper, Tom. I don't want to cause trouble for you."

"Don't worry about it. I told you before, no one owns me and if I want to go to supper with my tutor I will. Anyone who doesn't like it can go to hell and that includes Sandy."

He talked tough but I could tell there was a difference in behavior. Almost getting caught kissing another man shook him up. We didn't say much else until we got to the restaurant and were seated.

"What kind of pizza do you want?" he asked.

"I'm okay with pepperoni."

"Why don't I get one side pepperoni and the other supreme?"

"Works for me and I'd prefer to split the check, Tom."

"You might prefer it but we're not going to."

More and more it was evident that Tom was used to being the boss but so was I.

"I don't like how it would look, Tom."

"Okay, suit yourself," he said, pissed off.

We sat in silence until the waitress brought the pizza, then Tom brightened and things were back to normal.

"You never told me why you left the dorms, Lucas."

"You never asked but things weren't working out for me."

"You're in a fraternity..."

"They don't have a frat house with residential rooms."

His eyes were questioning and I knew he wasn't going to leave it alone. Quietly I told him.

"Last May my roommate propositioned me and I turned him down. It got ugly."

"Propositioned you?"

"He crawled in my bed naked at midnight while I was asleep and grabbed my junk. I kicked him out of the bed, managing to give him a black eye as I did it. I didn't mean to hurt him, it just happened."

"Holy shit!" he said softly. "Who was this?"

"Fred Howell. Don't tell anyone that I've told you this, Tom."

"I know Fred and I'd never think he was..."

"Gay? I didn't think so either until he jumped me and then he claimed he was high on cocaine. The thing that ruined it all was the bastard decided to joke about it to the hall and we spent the last couple of weeks as mortal enemies."

"I'm surprised I didn't hear about it."

"I can't answer that for you; it was definitely not a secret. The thing is that I made him look like more of a fool than he is. I left the room in my pajamas and slept on a couch in the lounge the rest of the night. I didn't say anything more about it but a couple of guys told me he'd come on to them in the shower in the past."

"So you saved yourself for me?"

His voice was so low I could barely hear him and his eyes were burning into mine. I nodded.

"I guess you could say that."

The Pizza Hut began to fill and several people came up to us, mostly to talk about football with Tom. When we left it was almost dark and we walked back to my apartment in silence.

"Let me get my books out of my truck."

"I'm going to run in and get a quick shower. Watch TV, get anything you want out of the fridge, I'll only be a couple of minutes."

I had shampoo in my hair when the curtain opened and a naked Tom stepped into the shower with me.

"Let me do that."

He stood behind me and kneaded my head with his fingers as he worked the shampoo in my hair. I could feel his penis brushing my ass periodically. After he rinsed my hair he reached over for the body wash and poured some in his hands.

I was tingling as he began to wash my body with his hands. He washed my back, then knelt down and washed my legs and feet, his warm hands burning into me.

"Your body is so fucking incredible, Lucas. Turn around," he ordered huskily.

His hands rubbed the front of my legs up to my erect cock but he didn't touch it. Instead he stood up and cleaned my chest and stomach, twirling his soapy fingers in my chest hair. I watched him but he didn't look in my eyes, just methodically cleaned my body.

"Turn around and bend over," he whispered.

I did as he asked and suddenly his hands were on my ass, his fingers sliding over my hole. I jumped when he inserted a finger inside. He swirled it around and pulled it out.

"That feel good?" he croaked.

I just grunted.

I felt his hot breath and then he was pushing his tongue in my hole, kissing my ass, licking it, and it was like a bolt of electricity passed through me. He reached out of the tub to the floor and I heard the rip of what I knew was a condom wrapper. 

Within seconds I felt the squirt of lube and in the next instant I felt his hard cock pushing against my sphincter. His arms pulled me up so I was leaning against the shower wall with his arms around my chest. I felt his tongue as he licked my neck and covered it with his kisses.

"I've wanted to do this for so long," he said softly in my ear, nibbling on the lobe.

His cock had pushed all the way inside me, slowly and carefully so I felt very little pain. His body next to mine had me burning with such passion for him that all I could think about was that the man of my dreams was fucking me. He turned my face to him and kissed me.

"Are you ready for me to fuck you?" he moaned.

I nodded my head and he pulled his cock out, only to slowly push it in again. His rhythm and speed gradually increased and then he was fucking me hard, pressing me against the shower wall. I felt his teeth bite into my shoulder and then his mouth was on my neck, sucking it hard. I knew and he knew that he was leaving marks on my neck that would be there for days.

I felt his muscles tense and he grabbed my cock, jerking it off. He grunted and I felt the spasms of his dick as he filled the condom with his cum. It was all I needed to explode my own cum onto the shower wall. We stood there as the shower water pounded into us until we lost our erections.

"Are you ready to tutor me now?" he laughed.

The look in his eyes had changed, it was new and seemed almost loving. We dried each other off and then went to my bedroom. I grabbed a pair of boxer briefs and a pair of pajamas from a drawer.

"Is it okay if I wear your underwear?" he asked. "We're about the same size and after a shower I like to put on clean underwear."

I threw him a pair.

"I can give you some tennis shorts and a shirt if you like, and some clean socks if you want."

He nodded and I gave him fresh clothes. He put them on and looked at himself in the long mirror on the wall.

"Not bad, Lucas, not bad at all. I like them."

"I'll wash your clothes and they'll be ready next time you come over."

"Keep them here. That way I'll have some clothes the next time we do this."

I looked in the mirror at the two hickeys he'd put on my neck.

"Now how am I going to explain these to everyone?"

He took me in his arms and kissed me softly.

"Don't explain anything to anybody. I just wanted you to know you're mine."

He hugged me to him, his hands playing with my wet hair.

"Yours huh?"

He laughed softly into my neck.

"You got a problem with that?"

"No," I whispered.

Suddenly he stepped back and grinned at me.

"Are we going to have a tutoring session tonight? I brought some problems I need to go over because Dr. Barnes is giving a quiz tomorrow."

He decided he wanted to sit on the carpeted living room floor instead of work at the kitchen table. We spent the next two hours working on the test information. At last Tom felt comfortable with it all and he reached down and took my bare foot into his hand. He lifted it to his lips and kissed it gently, his tongue licking it.

"You've got sexy feet, Lucas. I never noticed them before because you're always wearing shoes. In fact, I love everything about you. You could be a male model or a movie star."

I burst out laughing as his tongue tickled my sole. Then he attacked me unmercifully, tickling my foot, laughing with me. Finally we calmed down and sat next to each other.

"I can't think when I've had this much fun, Lucas."

"Me either, Tom. I love being with you."

I almost bit my tongue. MY using the word love was too much but he didn't react. He began to gather his books and papers.

"Look, I'm going to have to miss Wednesday's session. Sandy's parents are coming into town and I'm expected to go out to dinner with them. I'd rather not but they're nice people."

"So I'll see you Thursday?"

"Right as rain," he grinned.

He leaned down and kissed me.

"Don't get up. I can see myself out."

I watched as he quickly left and sat on the floor, staring at the wall, for the next twenty minutes or so, trying not to over react to what he'd just done to me, desperately trying not to be hurt. No matter how many times I told myself that we were just a couple of guys just fucking around it didn't work to alleviate my confusion.

I was hurt that he would fuck me and then tell me he had plans with Sandy. I'd given my virgin ass to him tonight. He'd told me I belonged to him but did he belong to me? I kept telling myself I was not going to act like a jealous girl, not like Sandy, always keeping tabs on Tom. I told myself but in the deep pit of my stomach I felt miserable.

I turned on the television to see if there was anything worth watching.