 We were still lying side by side, trousers down and stroking each other's cocks, when we both heard footsteps approaching the room we were in.

"Quick Julez get under the covers," Matt said hurriedly pulling his trousers back up. "I can guarantee that will be the warden."

Diving under the covers, not bothering about pulling my trousers and boxers up, Matt picked up the clipboard about my injury, and began to question me about how it had happened once again.

Before I could answer though the handle of the door turned, and in walked the governor, his face looking like thunder.

"So how did it happen doc?" the governor said.

"Julez says he fell on it," Matt replied. "And looking at the x-rays I see no reason to doubt him."

"That was a bit clumsy Julez," the governor said, turning his attention to me. "Are you sure you didn't do it just to get out of solitary?"

"No sir I swear," I said. 

"Guess he'll be in here a few days then?" the governor turned back to Matt.

"Yes it will be or the best."

"Make sure he gets plenty of rest then we will see him back at the quarry."

"Don't worry sir I will personally make sure he does," Matt replied winking at me slyly.

"What about solitary?" I asked.

"No point if you're just going to break things," the governor said. "You may as well break rocks at the quarry rather than anymore bones."

The governor then turned on his heels and left the room, Matt quickly following him and pulling the door behind him slightly. Straining I tried to make out what was being said but it was no use, I didn't pick up a single word so I slid my hands under the covers and straightened my clothes up, just as Matt re-entered the room.

"Thanks Matt," I said. "I couldn't have faced going back to solitary."

"There was no way I was going to let you," Matt replied. "Not when I want you all to myself."

"So what happens next then?" I asked him, my cock hardening yet again.

"First we need to make sure you're in here or at least a week," Matt said. "That should be long enough to work out how we are going to bring the governor down."

"Surely that's going to be harder to do than say," I replied.

"I'll get the ball rolling when I go off duty," Matt said. "There are a few people that owe me favours."

"And what do I do while you aren't here?"

"Enjoy the peace and tranquility," he replied. "Now I think I better check on that swelling."

"The hand feels fine," I said lifting my arm for him.

"Not that swelling," Matt replied and slid his hand down under the covers. "Move over."

Matt's hand quickly came to rest on the outside of my trousers, and he began to massage my cock through the material.

"It will be dangerous trying to take the governor down," he said slowly lowering my zip, or the second time.

"I guess it will," I moaned as his fingers circled my thick, hard shaft.

"Someone may even get hurt."

Matt began to stroke my cock slowly, brushing his thumb over the swollen purple head occasionally.

"As long as it's the governor."

I lifted my ass slightly and slid my jeans back down to my knees, Matt's wanking getting quicker. Looking into his eyes, as he continued to masturbate my cock, I could see fear and knew that he really was scared.

"Don't worry about the governor," I said pulling his face close to mine. "He won't be a problem."

"It's not him I'm worried about," Matt said his warm breath on my face turning me on even more. "It's you."

"You don't have to worry about me," I told him. "I can take care of myself."

"Yeah but there are a lot of guards that would do anything for him," Matt said his masturbating of my cock begin to slow down.

"Trust me things will work out," I said.

"I hope so, for both our sakes."

Before I could reply again Matt slid down the bed, under the covers, and I felt his warm breath on the tip of my cock. Moaning softly as the tip of his tongue flicked gently across my swollen cock I reached under the covers and put my hands, lightly, on his head.

"Mmm suck me Matt," I whispered softly not knowing if he heard me under the covers or not.

He must have heard because the next thing I felt was the warmth of his mouth encircling my cock, and slowly sucking my whole length to the back of his throat. There was no rushing, no hurried, frenzied sucking this time, just long slow luxurious sucks of my cock as I gripped his hair and arched my back.

The way he wrapped his tongue around my shaft as his head bobbed up and down gave me a feeling, and turned me on, like I had never had before and I was desperate for him to make me cum, a feat that he very nearly achieved the second he slid his middle finger into my tight, yet willing, ass.

"Oh fuck Matt," I gasped. "That feels so fucking good."

Lifting the covers slightly to watch as he expertly sucked on my cock all I could hear were the soft moans of enjoyment coming from his throat. Dropping the covers, placing my head back on the pillow and arching my back I felt my balls start to tighten and gently began to buck my hips, in time with his sucking, until I couldn't hold back any longer.

With a loud gasp I gripped Matt's hair even tighter.

"Oh fuck yeah Matt I'm cumming," I cried out as the first stream of cum erupted from the slit in the end of my cock.

Groans of pleasure came from Matt as he eagerly sucked my cock, draining me of cum and swallowing every drop I had in my body. 

Even when I had nothing left to give him Matt continued to suck my cock greedily, finger fucking my ass furiously as he did so, and driving me totally insane with lust. 

My body felt like all its strength had been drained and all I could do was lie there, moaning, groaning and squirming in ecstasy as he slipped a second, then third, finger into me and continued to fuck my ass.

"Matt let me suck you," I gasped breathlessly, his fingers pounding in and out of my ass furiously.

"No Julez I need you rock hard," he said. "Tonight you are going to fuck me, and I think you're ready."

Taking his mouth away from my cock I saw it glistening with his saliva, standing proudly, harder than it had ever been. 

Slowly Matt removed his fingers from my ass, before getting onto his knees, and offering me his gorgeous white ass. I moved behind him, running my hands over his perfectly rounded, smooth ass and knelt ready to bury my cock deep in him, when I stopped. 

Looking down at his ass I swear my cock got even harder but instead of ramming my cock deep into him, I bent my head.

"Come on Julez give it to me," Matt said almost begging.

Instead of answering I lowered my head a little more, and ran my tongue over the soft curves of his ass before gently separating his cheeks.

"Oh fuck Julez yeah," Matt whispered.

With his cheeks separated, his tight hole easily accessible, I ran my tongue around the edge, eliciting groans of ecstasy from Matt, before starting to probe at his hole. Gradually I managed to get the point of my tongue into him and Matt let his head fall to the bed.

"Fucking hell Julez no-one has ever done that to me," he gasped breathlessly.

Rimming him quicker I made sure his ass was soaking wet, before lifting my head, getting in position behind him, and gripping my cock. Slowly I began to push the thick, swollen head of my thick, hard cock against Matt's tight, wet hole, slowly penetrating him.

Inch by inch I slowly pushed my cock deep into him, Matt moaning with each small thrust, until the full length of my shaft was inside his tightness. Slowly I began to move my hips back and forth, allowing him to get used to my cock being in his ass, before gradually speeding up with my thrusting, my balls slapping against him with each forward thrust.

I was so relieved that no-one as about as each forward thrust, deep into him, caused Matt to groan loudly enough to wake the dead.

Gripping him tightly I felt my balls tighten and I tensed my whole body, desperate to last just a little while longer, but it was no use. With one, last forward thrust I moaned loudly and began to cum, my thick white liquid pumping from my cock deep into Matt's ass.

"Oh fuck Matt yes," I gasped. "Your ass is so tight."

"Keep going Julez," Matt moaned over his shoulder. "Give me all you've got."

Surprising myself I continued to pump into him, my cock twitching with each thrust as I unloaded more and more cum into him.

"Fuck Matt I've never cum so much," I gasped.

"I loved feeling every drop of it Julez," Matt replied before I was finally drained and the two of us collapsed on the bed, sweat dripping from our foreheads.

Wrapping my arm around Matt's waist I kept as close to him as I could, my cock still in his ass, but softening slowly. I knew it would eventually be too soft to stay in him but, until that time, I wasn't about to let him go. He was after all the first person that had showed any kindness to me since I arrived at the prison, the quarry boos and the guards were only after one thing, and at least he seemed to be genuine.

"As much as I want to Julez," Matt eventually said. "We can't spend the whole night together."

"I can't see why not," I said. "After all I'm the only patient on the wing."

"At the minute you are true," Matt replied. "But what would happen if someone was rushed in while we were asleep, and in each other's arms."

"Yeah I suppose you are right," I said slowly withdrawing my, still semi-hard, cock from his ass. "But tell me you meant what you said about the governor and this fucking place."

"Too right I meant it Julez," Matt reassured me. "For too long I have seen the guards and the governor doing anything that they pleased to you inmates."

"What sort of things?" I asked.

"A lot more than what you have gone through believe me," Matt said. "And tomorrow, when I am back on duty, I shall explain everything to you."

"Why not now?" I asked eager to find out just what had been happening.

"Because I have some paperwork to do," Matt replied. "And then my shift is over and you need some sleep.."

"I don't think I'll sleep if you're not here," I said. "It's hard enough trusting you I definitely don't trust anyone else."

"After what we've just done thanks Julez," Matt said smiling, and I knew he was joking. "Besides once I set the plan in motion I will need you at your fittest."

"Okay doc I guess you know best," I said winking at him. "See you tomorrow."

"Night Julez," Matt said. "And don't worry I promise you can trust me."

With that he got of the bed, made sure his clothes were all tidy and left the room leaving me with his last words going through my head. I had never trusted anyone, except my ex, and he had managed to destroy what little trust I had left in anyone the day I caught him in our bed, having a threesome, with our flat-mate and a friend we both knew.

I listened for the next thirty minutes or so before I could no longer keep my eyes open, the heat from the hospital wing and sheer exhaustion from being with Matt catching up with me, and I slowly drifted off to sleep, missing Matt coming back to see me before he went off shift.