 I usually go to the Student Center at ten every morning during the break before my eleven o'clock class. I get a midmorning snack and either study or talk with friends. Surprisingly, Tom and his girlfriend Sandy were there that morning. I'd seen them occasionally but they normally didn't frequent the center when I was there.

I watched them as they walked through the café line, both of them like royalty on show for their adoring public. I tried not to stare at Tom in his football jersey and tight jeans but it was hard to ignore him. I was surprised when he turned and walked to the table where I was sitting alone.

"Is it okay if we join you?" he smiled.

"Sure, go ahead."

I cleared the table of my books. Sandy looked astonished that Tom had decided to sit with someone she didn't know.

"Sandy, let me introduce to my engineering tutor. This is Lucas Blake and he's the smartest guy in the engineering department, maybe the whole college."

Tom was grinning and as usual, I blushed. Sandy suddenly seemed interested in me, maybe a little curious.

"Tom's just trying to pump me up for some free tutoring sessions," I laughed.

"Well, don't let him. Tom's too used to people giving him things for nothing."

Sandy was smiling but her tone had a bite. From the look on Tom's face at her comment I could see there was trouble in paradise. Tom's dark look was quickly hidden as he sat down with orange juice and a bagel.

"Lucas was the quarterback of his high school football team but an injury kept him from going out for the college team, thank God."

Tom's eyes were dancing with merriment.

"Like he'd need to worry about me," I said.

"Are you involved with any sports now?" asked Sandy.

"I swim a couple of times a week and I go for a run every day. I keep up with what's going on in the sports world and I go to games but I'm not a member of any teams now."

"Do you have a girlfriend?"

Sandy's probing eyes were looking for a weakness in my character.

"I've dated several girls since I started here but no one steady like you and Tom."

Tom rolled his eyes at me.

"I dated Maxine Watkins most of last year but we were never serious or anything."

"So you're Maxine's Lucas. I can see why she liked you."

"Oh yeah, she was on the cheerleading squad so you knew her," I replied.

"Yeah, and she was in my dorm."

"Too bad she transferred out."

"She didn't have any choice."

"Yeah, she was needed at home so she needed to go back to Oregon."

Sandy's laugh was tinged with a nastiness I didn't like. From Tom's quick glance to me I could see he didn't like it either.

"She was needed at home all right," she said sarcastically. "She was on academic probation and the dean basically told her she needed to find another school for the fall quarter. So she went home to Oregon."

"She never told me that. If she had I might could have helped her."

Sandy reached over and patted my hand. I hated the patronizing intimacy of her touch.

"No, Lucas, I doubt you'd have been able to help her unless you wanted to tutor her in remedial work she should have gotten in high school. None of us could ever understand how Maxine even got accepted here. It was her writing; her written grammar was awful, and it kept dragging her down in all of her classes. Like a fool she was taking French and she barely knew the parts of speech in English."

"I didn't know. She was always a fun girl to be with and we never really talked about her classes."

"We all loved her but I'm afraid Maxine's true calling is to be a beautician. I told her she needed to enroll in cosmetology school and forget college."

"God, remember how she dyed her hair a different color every week?" Tom laughed.

We all burst out laughing.

"Remember when the dye burned her the ends of her hair and she ended up looking like she had Afro tips?" I chuckled.

"And remember when she tried to change colors and her hair turned baby shit green?" Sandy laughed. "Maxine was so much fun and we had a blast with her in the girl's dorm but she just isn't college material. Even she admitted it."

I shrugged.

"I still can't believe she never let on to me about her problems. And we dated almost all of sophomore year. My sophomore year, that is; she was a freshman."

"And there's no one special this year?"

"Oh, give it a rest, Sandy," Tom said. "I brought you over here to meet my tutor, not for you to give him the third degree."

His knee bumped mine under the table and he grinned, his eyes dancing.

"Are you coming to the game tonight? We're playing our biggest rivals and it's the most important game of the season."

Sandy sounded excited.

"I'll be there. Tom gave me two tickets to some of the best seats in the stadium."

She suddenly looked pissed off.

"Tom! I thought you were going to give those tickets to Sue and Pete."

"Pete's already got tickets so I gave them to my tutor."

Tom looked amused that Sandy was annoyed.

"Who are you bringing with you?" she asked.

"I asked Mary Beth Hudson to go with me."

Several people stopped at the table to talk to Tom and we spent the next twenty minutes or so discussing the big game. Tom took my hand and squeezed it as we stood to leave.

"I'll see you at the game tonight and I'll be over to your apartment at one o'clock tomorrow. How about I bring some Chinese?"

His eyes said we'd be doing more than vector analysis.

As usual, Tom was great at the game that night, making six touchdown passes. It was a massacre and the home crowd cheered so loudly I thought the stadium would collapse from sound reverberations. Tom was carried off the field by his teammates, his face one of total joy.

Mary Beth and I slipped out quietly and I took her back to her dorm room for an obligatory fuck. I'd dated her several times and she'd thrown herself at me from the beginning. After two dates I'd fucked her and now she expected that every date would end with sex. I felt like her whore but she was a good cover for me.

True to his word, Tom knocked on my door at one o'clock on Saturday. He came barreling in with two paper bags, wearing blue jeans and a football jersey.

"I didn't know what you like so I got vegetable fried rice, General Tso's chicken, beef egg foo yung, and shrimp lo mein," he laughed. "If you like Chinese, surely you've got to like one of them."

"Actually, I like all of them. Did you get fortune cookies?"

"Oh yeah," he grinned, "but I'm your dessert."

"Oh, you are, are you?"

"Damn straight, and you're mine."

"I see you didn't bring any books with you."

He put the bags on the kitchen table and turned to face me, grinning mischievously.

"Yeah, about that... I have the money with me but I wasn't sure how you wanted to work our tutoring payment today."

He leaned in and kissed my lips gently.

"So how do you plan to explain your visit to me today? I mean to your girlfriend and your coach."

"I'm not explaining anything to them. We're going to have lunch and have so much fun together that we'll never get around to studying. Fuck 'em, nobody owns me."

"Sandy might think otherwise."

"She'd be wrong."

"It seems like we're both having the same problem. I've got to cut Mary Beth loose as soon as possible. At first it was just fun, no strings attached and she was the one who made that rule but now she's starting to check up on me."

"You're right, time to move on. I should have moved on from Sandy a long time ago but we just fell into a kind of groove, the quarterback and the head cheerleader. The funny thing is I know she's only going out with the quarterback. She drop me immediately if I quit the team."

"I know the type."

"Right, don't we all? And she's not even a good fuck."

I put plates on the table and we sat next to each other as we ate.

"This lo mein is delicious. Taste it."

He put his fork to my lips to feed me. We spent the next half hour feeding each other Chinese food. Finally we each had a fortune cookie. He laughed as he read his fortune.

"Go ahead, tell me your fortune," he grinned.

"You will have financial success. Bah, humbug. What does yours say?"

"You'll soon meet your true love."

"Yeah, right," I said sarcastically. "I'd like to know who sits around and makes up these hokey fortunes. I might be more of a believer if at least the lottery numbers on the back ever paid off."

"Who knows? Maybe I have met my one true love."

"Sandy?"

"Maybe it's you."

I was stunned into silence as he looked at me, his eyes never wavering. I swallowed hard and was having difficulty breathing.

"What do you mean?" I croaked.

"I mean what I said, Lucas; maybe you're my one true love."

"I don't know what to say... Come on, Tom, what's going on here?"

"What's going on? You tell me."

He just smiled enigmatically and my heart sank. Was he just playing with me? I could see I was already taking it too seriously when we were supposed to be...what?

"Okay, I know you're over here for me to suck your cock and I'm going to do it but I won't do it forever without some kind of reciprocation, Tom. Jacking myself off while I suck you and shooting my load on the floor is not enough for me."

"It isn't?" he grinned. "You mean sucking the quarterback's dick as often as you want isn't enough to keep you happy?"

He was joking and serious at the same time, so incredibly sexy and handsome, and I wanted to drop to my knees and suck him that instant but I couldn't. I could sense that something had changed and it made me uncomfortable.

"It isn't just that...," I mumbled.

"I know," he said softly. "And do you remember I told you we'd let you call the shots this time? Don't overthink this, Lucas. Sandy's always overthinking every goddamn thing I do."

He bent over, untied his shoes and took them off, then removed his socks.

"What are you doing?"

His hand touched mine on the table.

"You'll see."

He stood up and stripped naked in front of me, dropping his clothes on the kitchen floor beside his athletic shoes, his eyes never leaving mine. His tall muscled body was incredible, a hairless torso with thick underarm hair and a thin treasure trail leading from the lower part of his stomach to a mass of untamed pubic curls. His legs were covered with dark brown hair and his feet were beautiful, long and slender. His cock stood erect from the pubic jungle, maybe seven inches long with a thick helmet head atop it.

He struck a muscle man pose and grinned.

"You like?"

I just nodded and he fell to his knees in front of me. He pushed my legs apart and his mouth covered my cock through my jeans. His sky blue eyes never left mine as his hands rubbed my legs through the thick jean cloth. Then he unzipped my pants and pulled my erect penis out.

"Damn, dude, how big is this thing? It's like a giant beer can!"

"Nine and half inches," I moaned as he grinned up at me, sexy, mischievous, irresistible.

"Goddamn, how tall are you?"

"Six five," I panted.

"So am I. Why didn't I get a cock this big? Some people have all the fucking luck plus you shoot a whole cup of cum."

"Half a cup," I joked nervously as my body shivered at his touch.

He began to lick my cock from the root to the tip, his eyes dancing with merriment as they looked into mine. I started to undo my pants but he slapped my hands.

"Nope, I'm sucking your cock like you're a straight man letting a queer suck him off. No skin touch except my mouth on your big cock."

With that his mouth engulfed my cock and he began to suck, his head bobbing up and down. The visual stimulation alone had me near ejaculation. The sexiest stud on campus, the dream fantasy of my masturbation sessions, naked on his knees sucking me off in my kitchen was almost too much for me to take in.

"I'm gonna cum," I groaned and pushed his head.

He slapped my hand away and grinned as he looked up at me.

"Mmmm, hmmm," he hummed, his voice a deep bass that vibrated through my cock.

He caught my balls in his hand, rolling each one gently through his fingers as he sucked. Suddenly I felt it from deep within me, an orgasm building like I'd never had before, and my penis began to jerk as it spurted forth in unprecedented spasms. Tom continued to suck me, swallowing as much as he could. What he couldn't swallow dribbled down his chin and dripped onto his chest.

The sight of the man of my dreams with my cum dribbling down his chin was overpowering. I ran my fingers through his short brown hair and touched his cheek. Then he stood up and leaned down to kiss me in my chair. His mouth was full of my cum and he dropped it into mine, swirling our tongues in it. He straddled me and sat on my lap, his arms wrapped around me as we kissed.

He pulled away from me and then kissed the tip of my nose gently.

"Any more questions about what's going on here? About what my intentions are?"

I was too dazed to reply.

"The quarterback of your college football team has just gotten down on his knees on your kitchen floor and sucked your cock," he grinned. "You don't have anything to say? I know I'm not a pro a cock sucking but I thought I did a pretty good job."

"It was fantastic and I wouldn't know..."

His lips covered mine and he ground his ass crevice into my cock.

"You wouldn't know what, big boy?"

"It's the first time I've had a man suck my cock."

"And?" he arched his eyebrows playfully.

"And it was better than any girl ever did."

"I thought so," he teased. "So do you trust me now?

I nodded yes and he smiled.

"Good. At least you see I intend it to be give and take."

I kissed his nipple and he tapped my head with his finger, shaking his head no.

"Aren't you going to let me suck you today?"

"Nope, I've got other plans."

Again with the arched eyebrows.

"Am I included in these plans?"

"For a boy who's supposed to be a genius you seem awful slow witted today, Lucas."

He covered my face with kisses and I felt my cock getting erect again with the heat between his spread cheeks pressed against it. I could feel his sphincter muscle as it clenched and relaxed, over and over again. Looking into his eyes I suddenly began to blush and he laughed.

"That's right, Lucas," he said as he kissed me over and over again. "I want you to fuck me."

It might have taken me awhile to come out of my sexual haze but at last all was clear to me. I put my fingers in his mouth and he sucked them. Then I put my hand under his ass and pressed a wet finger against his hole.

"You mean like this?" I whispered huskily as I inserted my middle finger into him, searching for his hot button. He threw his head back and trembled.

"Actually, I had something much bigger in mind but that's a good start," he groaned.

I kissed his throat and down his chest to suck on his nipples. I was about to fuck my first man and it was Tom Braddock. My body was tingling and I was fully erect again in record time.

"Let's go to my bed," I whispered.

"No," he said, his voice gravelly. "Fuck me here. On the kitchen floor."

His eyes were burning with passion.

"I need..."

He reached over and pulled a small bag from the table, putting it in my hand.

"Condoms and lube, big boy. I stopped at the corner pharmacy and picked them up on the way here. Now fuck me."

"I thought you were letting me call the shots today."

"Are you saying you DON'T want to fuck the college quarterback in his ass?"

I eased his body to the floor as he clung to me. I stood and slowly stripped naked in front of him as he watched, his eyes aflame with desire as he licked his lips. His face and his chest were flushed, his nipples and his penis erect.

I knelt between his legs and lifted them, pushing them back over his head, and splaying his ass open wide so his twitching hole lay before me. I leaned in and licked it causing him to moan. I licked and kissed his ass until his hole began to open for my tongue to probe it.

"Oh, my god," he moaned over and over.

He was mewling like a kitten as I fucked him with my tongue. His penis lay against his stomach leaking so much precum I wondered if might have ejaculated.

"Put your cock in me, Lucas," he whimpered.

His blue eyes still burned into mine as I quickly put on a condom and squirted lube into his opening. I lifted his legs above my shoulders as I knelt between them and slowly pushed my cock into him. He grabbed my arms and squeezed hard.

"Too much?" I whispered.

He shook his head no.

"Take it slow."

I pushed gradually until over half of my penis was in him and then he suddenly pushed his body against mine, impaling himself onto my cock. He shuddered and cried out. I started to withdraw and he pulled me back into him.

"Fuck me hard," he ordered hoarsely.

I withdrew my penis to his opening and then slammed back into him. His fingers dug into my back as he began to rock with my motion. I fucked him hard until suddenly he arched his back and pearly ropes of semen exploded from his cock onto his chest, his face, and the floor.

Tom's sphincter squeezed my cock harder with each shot until I was past the point of no return. I quickly pulled my cock from his ass and ripped the condom off before kneeling over him and blasting my cum into his face. I painted his face and neck with my juice, all the while looking into those shining blue eyes.

Tom reached up and pulled me down beside him and I began to lick his cum from his chest. I could tell a difference between his and mine, his being tarter, mine more musky. As I would fill my mouth with cum I'd kiss him and share it with him. I licked him until his body and face were clean. He cuddled into my arms, his face against my chest.

"You're so hairy," he said. "I love it. You've got all this black hair everywhere but your ass and back."

"Glad you like it. Maxine wanted me to shave it off."

"That stupid bitch! Don't you ever!"

He bit my nipple and rubbed his face in my chest hair.

"Is that an order, Mr. Quarterback?"

"You're goddamn right," he commanded playfully. "My man doesn't shave hair off his body."

"So I guess I'm growing a beard?"

"I guess I can let you shave your face but I'd like to see you with a beard just once."

He bit another nipple, hard, and my penis started to get erect again. He was so warm and the tiled kitchen floor was cold and hard. He threw his leg over mine and pressed himself into me, humming.

"I enjoy being with you, Lucas," he said, twirling his fingers in my pubic hair and teasing my cock.

"I'm glad."

I kissed the top of his head and fluffed his hair.

He sat up and pulled his knees to his chest facing me, the tip of his cock and his balls lying on the floor. I continued to lay on the floor and his feet were by my face. I kissed one gently and licked it.

"You've got beautiful feet, Tom," I said softly. "Every goddamn thing about you is beautiful and perfect, your hair, your teeth, your feet, everything...your life."

"You think so?" he laughed. "That's funny, and here I was thinking the same thing about you, that you're about the most perfect and wonderful man I've ever met."

I snorted.

"I'm just a guy, one some people call a nerd."

"You're the most handsome and magnificent nerd in the world. You're the guy they'd put on the cover of a romance novel as Prince Charming, one of those awful pieces of shit Sandy reads."

"Well, I'm glad you like the packaging. I guess you like hairy guys with black hair and I like smooth guys with brown hair."

"Lucas, do you have any idea how many times I've jacked off thinking about you?"

I laughed.

"Come on, I'm still in shock over this afternoon. I didn't think you'd ever noticed me while it's been all I can do to keep my eyes off you since we were at freshman orientation."

"I thought so," he chuckled. "And I waited over two years for you to make a move. Finally I decided I needed some tutoring. From you."
