 I didn't sleep to well that night, a combination of missing Matt, worrying what would happen to me without him there to protect me and just what he was going to show me regarding the prison kept waking me, but eventually morning came and I had made it through the night without incident.

The night doctor came in to my room, picked up my chart, scribbled something on it and then left again, all without saying a word. I went to reach for the chart, to see what he had written, when the door was opened for the second time.

Lifting my head I was relieved to see Matt standing in the doorway, holding a large file and smiling at me.

"How was your night Julez?" He asked.

"Okay I guess Matt," I replied. "Just didn't get too much sleep that's all."

"Why not?"

"Because I was worried that someone would come," I said. "Like they did while I was in solitary."

"You don't have to worry about that here."

"Well that night doctor is a miserable fucker."

"Why do you say that Bill's alright?"

"Just before you arrived he came in, wrote on my chart and then left without saying a word."

Matt looked at me, concern spreading across his face, and he grabbed the chart. As he read I saw the colour draining from his face and, occasionally, he would glance at me before going back to the chart. Finally he put the chart back down and sat on the edge of the bed.

"What the fuck does it say Matt?" I asked.

"I've got to get you out of this place, somehow," he replied.

"Why what's going on?"

"According to this you have been selected," he said his voice wavering.

"What do you mean selected?" I asked. "Selected for what?"

"Look take this file, and hide it under your mattress," Matt said. "I'll go and make a phone call then go through it with you, it explains everything."

With that he handed me the file and left the room. Doing as he said, even though I needed to know what was in it, I slid the file under my mattress and waited for him to return. Just by the look on his face I could tell something was seriously wrong, and what could he mean about being selected? Selected for what? I really didn't like the sound of that.

I was just about to retrieve the file when Matt came barging back into the room, his face flushed.

"I am getting you out of here," Matt said. "Later today the laundry van comes and you're going out in that."

"What? How can I do that?" I replied. "If I get caught we will both be in the shit."

"You won't get caught trust me," Matt said. "And if we don't do it we will never see each other again."

"Tell me what the fuck is going on Matt," I said raising my voice.

"Get the file and I'll show you," Matt said. "Then you will know everything about this place, and why certain prisoners seem to disappear overnight."

Reaching under the mattress I retrieved the file, and went to hand it to Matt, but he held his hands out.

"No Julez you open it and start reading," he said. "I'll keep my eyes open for anyone coming."

Matt got of the bed and went over to the door as I opened the file. Staring back at me from the first page was a list of contents and as I read each one slowly I felt the colour draining from my own cheeks. 

Lists of names, why they were in this place, how they behaved towards the staff, what they did sexually without complaint, a price and another name at the end of each column. There were also newspaper reports, photos, death notices and letters of recommendations, and thanks, to the governor, quarry boss and the prison.

As I read down the list of names I was shocked to see my name at the very bottom of the list, and Jeff's one line above, and began to read what had been written about me.

Name: Julez

Crime: GBH with intent to kill

Sexuality: Gay

Enjoys: Giving and receiving oral and anal

Worth: At least £5,000 (auction starting price)

Highest bidder (so far): Mr. Smith? (£7,500)

Time left: 5 days

I looked over towards Matt, who was still peeking through the door.

"What the fuck is going on?" I shouted.

"How much have you read?" He asked back.

"Just my qualifications, apparently," I replied sarcastically.

"Now can you see why I've got to get you out of here?" Matt said. "Because if I don't you will be sold as a sex slave, and probably shipped out of the country."

"I don't understand though," I said confused. "Why are you so desperate to help me and how have they been getting away with it or so long?"

"I'm helping you because I do really like you," Matt said lowering his head in slight embarrassment. "And if you had read those death notices you would see how they get away with it."

"You're telling me they just dispose of anyone that doesn't agree?"

"Yes they do Julez," Matt said. "And I'm not prepared to let that happen to you."

"Why haven't you gone to the authorities with all this?" I asked.

"Because I don't want to end as one of those death notices that's why."

Closing the door Matt came and sat on my bed, next to me, placing his hand on my thigh lightly.

"Please Julez let me get you out of here," Matt begged. "Then we will both go to the authorities."

I put the file down on the bed and looked into his eyes. Tears were beginning to form at the bottom of his eyes, and I could tell that he was terrified.

"The laundry driver will be here at two," Matt said. "It's all arranged for you to leave with him in the laundry cart."

"You're joking!" I said. "This is real-life not some Hollywood blockbuster."

"It's the only chance we will get before it's too late."

"How do you know we can trust the driver?" I asked. "How do we know he won't just drop us both in it?"

"Because it's cost me enough that's how I know." Matt said. "Just be ready at two."

"Okay I will," I said. "But where is he going to take me?"

"Back to mine," Matt said. "Here's the key."

Matt reached into his pocket and pulled out a key that looked like it had not long been cut, and handed it to me.

"Just stay inside until I return, and don't answer the phone."

"I won't but surely people will guess me disappearing is down to you."

"Don't worry about that I shall make out you were gone when I arrived," Matt said. "And I've been trying to find you ever since."

"Don't worry I'll be ready," I said. "And I'll make sure no-one can ever find this file."

Matt leant forward and kissed me softly on the lips, before he stood up and left me alone again. 

Quickly I hid the file back under the mattress and started to think about taking the governor and this whole place down, adrenaline coursing through my whole body, and I wished two o'clock would hurry up and arrive.

Time seemed to drag by so slowly, a number of people came in and out of my cell, but eventually it was almost time.

Matt came into the cell twenty minutes before two, to make sure that I hadn't changed my mind, before leaving again and making sure the coast was clear. 

Getting out of the bed I put my shoes on, ready, took the file from under the mattress and sat back down to wait. Seconds turned into minutes and I began to get paranoid, and think that everything had gone wrong but, eventually, the laundry driver appeared outside my door.

"Are you Julez?" he asked as he entered my room.

"Yeah that's me," I replied.

"Well hurry up and get in here then," he said.

Doing as he said I hopped into the cart, with the file, and he covered me with the sheets from my bed, as well as a load of other dirty laundry and began to push me down the corridor.

We hadn't gone far when the cart suddenly stopped, and I began to fear the worst. Laying as still as possible, under all the filthy bedding, I strained to hear what was going on, and was relieved when I heard Matt's voice.

"Everything okay Dave?" matt said. "Have you got it all?"

"Yeah see you next week," the one called Dave replied and the cart began to move again.

For what seemed an eternity the trolley trundled along through the prison, until I suddenly felt the cool air from outside blowing through the cart, and the sound of van doors being opened.

"Hang on driver," a voice called and I heard the sound of footsteps running towards the van.

"What's the problem?" Dave shouted back.

"You forgot these," the voice said and I'm sure I recognized it.

"Right thanks," Dave said and I felt another bag dropped in the cart, above my head.

Hoping that there would be no more interruptions I was relieved when the cart began to rise up, on the van's tail-lift, and I heard the doors slam shut again.

Slowly moving the laundry off my head I sat up and looked around, only to be confronted by total darkness and I went to climb out but the van started up and jolted forward causing me to fall back onto my broken hand. Pain shot through my arm and I almost screamed out, but fear of being heard from outside the van caused me to restrain myself. Tears began to stream from my eyes, tears of pain from my arm, and happiness at being free, as the van moved smoothly along.

I hadn't got a clue how long the van was driving for until it stopped, and I didn't care, all I cared was that I was free from the prison, The Quarry and the fucking governor.

Daylight flooded into the back of the van as the doors were flung open, and the lift was raised up again.

"Everybody out that's getting out," Dave shouted cheerfully.

Gingerly I stepped to the doors and, unable to wait for the lift to go back down, jumped to the floor and looked around.

The van had reversed down an alleyway before letting me out, and I hadn't got a clue where I was. All of a sudden I felt uneasy. Here I was down an alleyway, behind a van and with someone I didn't know and I began to wonder if he was going to try something on, and ready myself just in case he did.

"Hey Julez what are you waiting for?" Dave asked as I stood there, tensed and ready.

"Apart from not having a clue where we are, I don't know where to go," I replied.

"Matt gave you a key didn't he?" Dave asked.

"Yeah it's here, I said taking it from my pocket.

"Well in that case," Dave began. "You see that door behind you go through that and up to the third floor, then find room 15 and let yourself in."

Dave then closed the doors and jumped back into the driver's seat.

"And if you and Matt get caught I know fuck all okay?" he said starting the engine again.

"No worries Dave," I said. "And thanks but..."

"But what Julez?"

"If I do get caught and find out you had anything to do with it you will see me again."

"I wouldn't worry about that I would be in just as much trouble as you pair," Dave said. "You will never see or hear from me again."

With that he stamped on the accelerator and sped out of the alleyway, leaving me to walk over to the door and open it.

Keeping my eyes and ears open as I headed up to the third floor I was relieved no-one asked me what I was doing, even though I passed half a dozen people, all I got were friendly greetings and cheery nods. Finally reaching Matt's door I slipped the key into the lock, and swung the door open.

As I walked in I dropped the file onto a small coffee table, before sitting down and opening it up. Slowly I began to read a lot slower, taking my time to let all the sick details register before turning to the next page.

I read half a dozen pages, each one worse than the last, before slamming the file shut. My mouth was as dry as a bone and standing up I headed to the small, but tidy, kitchen area and flicked the kettle switch on. Looking in the cupboards I found coffee, sugar and a mug and, after getting the milk from the fridge, made my drink before heading back to the sofa, and file.

Just as I was about to open it again the phone began to ring, and I stood up to go and answer it, before remembering what Matt had said and sitting back down. The phone finally gave up after about fifteen rings and I turned my attention back to the file.

Reading slightly quicker than I had at the start I scanned the pages now, making a mental note of names and dates when the flat door flew open, Matt standing in the doorway.

"Dave didn't let us down then," h said as he walked in and closed the door.

"Nope and I don't think he will say anything either."

"Why what have you done?"

"Nothing I just told him that if he did he would be seeing me again."

Smiling Matt walked over to me, as I stood up, and we threw our arms around each other and began to kiss passionately. Our built up passion began to get the best of us and we were soon tearing each other's clothes off, before falling naked onto the sofa, our cocks rock hard, and our lips still locked together.

Sliding my hand between our bodies I wrapped my fingers around Matt's throbbing prick and began to, slowly, move my hand up and down the full length of his shaft. Gasping he threw his head back, our lips finally parting, and I lowered my head to kiss and gently lick his neck, sending him into a frenzy of ecstasy. Moaning softly Matt begged me to suck his cock and, looking down I saw the first signs of pre-cum glistening on his swollen purple cock head, and slid off the sofa between his legs.

Slowly I lowered my head pausing to flick my tongue over the end, tasting his leaked seed, before opening my mouth wide and slowly taking inch by inch of his cock into my warm, willing, inviting mouth. Matt put his hand on the back of my head lightly, as I began to suck him, stopping my head from moving too quickly. Not that I was going to anyway, I wanted to taste every inch of his delicious cock, and balls, before eventually letting him flood my mouth with his cum.

As I bobbed my head along his whole length, and Matt moaned and groaned constantly I used my free hand to massage and stroke his swollen balls, before finally sliding my hand underneath him, towards his ass. 

Matt, knowing exactly what I wanted to do, lifted his ass a couple of inches, and my fingers slid between his cheeks easily and I began to probe his tight hole.

"Oh fuck Julez do it to me," Matt gasped. "Fuck my ass with your fingers."

Needing no second invitation I slowly eased first one, then a second finger, into his tightness causing him to writhe and squirm even more, his cock hitting the back of my throat. Slowly stroking his full length, as I continued to suck, I pushed my fingers deep into him until I felt his prostrate, and began to rub over it quickly.

"Fuck that's it Julez," Matt gasped. "Don't fucking stop doing that I'm going to cum."

Quickening my rubbing, and sucking, I felt Matt's balls tighten as he got closer to orgasm and I readied myself for his eruption. Pulling my mouth slowly up the full length of his shaft I pushed my fingers as deep into him as I could, and that was all it took, Matt's cum erupting from the end of his cock with the force of a police water cannon, and filling my mouth rapidly with his slightly salty, thick, white, milky liquid, gasping loudly as he did so.

I continued to wank, and finger fuck, him as I sucked every drop from his body before finally lifting my head from between his cock.

"That was so good Matt," I said breathlessly. 

"You're telling me Julez," Matt replied. "I don't think I have ever cum so hard."

"Suppose we better decide what we are going to do about all that now," I said pointing at the open file on the coffee table.

"Fuck that Julez we can do that anytime now," Matt replied. "I think I ought to show you the bedroom."

Taking my hand Matt pulled me from the sofa and led me through the door at the side of the room, and into a erotically decorated room. There were erotic artworks all around the walls, depicting men in various positions enjoying each other's naked bodies, a bookcase full of gay erotica, a few ornaments in the same vein as the artwork and, at the end of the bed there was a large forty inch LCD TV.

As for the bed I had never seen one as big as the one I was staring at and it was neatly made with black satin sheets, blood-red pillows and a red and black duvet cover. 

"What do you think Julez?" Matt asked as I just stood and stared, unable to believe the size of it.

"It's fucking huge," I said. "You have done a really good job in this room."

"Why don't you get on?" Matt said as he walked over to the bed and sat down, his soft cock nestling between his thick, muscular thighs.

Slowly I walked forward, my own cock still as hard as rock, and sat on the bed next to him. 

"Fuck Matt I can't believe we are here together," I said.

"Believe me Julez it's for real," Matt said his fingers circling my cock. "Lay back for me."

I did as he said and he began to stroke my cock slowly, flicking his tongue over my swollen purple head, and occasionally taking my full length into his mouth. I closed my eyes as he continued to excite me before he finally lifted his head.

"Julez please fuck me," Matt said and I opened my eyes and smiled at him.

"Get on the bed properly for me then Matt," I said. "And lie on your back."

Matt did as I asked and as I looked down at his gorgeous body and cock, which was beginning to stiffen yet again, I smiled.

"Have you got any lubrication Matt?" I asked.

"In the drawer by the bed," he replied as he began to stroke his cock slowly.

I reached over to the drawer and slid it open, finding the lube straight away. Lifting Matt's legs onto my shoulders I squeezed a large dollop of the lube into my hand and reached down, between his legs, and covered his ass in the cold sticky substance before covering my cock with what was still on my hand.

"Are you ready for this Matt?" I asked gripping my cock.

"Yes Julez more than you will ever know," Matt replied.

Slowly I nudged his tight hole with my swollen cock gently easing myself inside, Matt groaning loudly, and pushed deeper and deeper into him until my balls slapped against his ass.

"Oh Julez that feels so fucking good," he moaned as I began to slowly thrust back and forth.

"Everything will work out fine Matt I promise," I said, increasing my speed slowly.

"I fucking hope so."

"Trust me Matt," I said and pushed as hard into his ass as I could.

"Fuck that felt great," he gasped. "Fuck me hard Julez."

Removing his hand from his cock I replaced it with my own and, as I continued to fuck him, I began to wank him as well.

I stroked his cock in time with my thrusting, slowly increasing in speed, hoping to make him cum exactly as I did, and felt myself getting closer and closer to my own ejaculation.

"Oh Matt I'm going to cum," I gasped breathlessly as sweat dripped down my face.

"FUCK YES JULEZ," Matt screamed. "SO AM I."

Ramming my cock as hard and deep into his ass as I could I felt the first twitch from my cock, before cum erupted from the end deep into Matt's tight ass. 

As I continued to cum Matt's cock twitched in my hand and, he to, started to cum for the second time since he got home, his sticky, white juices splashing onto his stomach forming a small pool of cum just above his stomach button.

Once I had finished ejaculating I looked down at his stomach and lowered my head, licking him clean, before planting my lips against his and letting him taste his own seed.

"Fuck Matt I fucking needed that," I gasped, pulling my mouth from his, and collapsing onto his chest.

"So did I Julez, so did I," he replied. "Can't we just stay here until the morning, together, in each other's arms?"

"I would love to," I replied rolling off him.

The two of us turned to face each other, placed our arms over each other's bodies, kissed and then slowly drifted off to sleep. The last thought I had was of the file on the coffee table and all the poor bastards that hadn't managed to escape from the clutches of the prison and vowed that, somehow, I would make sure that justice did get done.