 I hardly got any sleep during the night, the words of the guard whose dick I had sucked playing on my mind, and when morning came I was still exhausted from the day before.

We went through the same routine as before, only this time I didn't see Jeff and wondered what had happened to him. Again, straight after breakfast, we were all herded out to the waiting van but, as I was about to board, the guard stopped me.

"Not you today," he said. "The governor heard about yesterday and wants to see you."

I swallowed hard, wondering exactly what he had heard, and watched as the transport left for the quarry.

"Come on follow me," the guard said as he began to walk back through the gates.

Struggling to keep pace with him we went along a few corridors until we reached the governor's office, where the guard knocked on the door.

"Enter," came the governor's voice from inside the room.

The guard opened the door and I came face to face with not only the governor, but also the boss from the quarry.

"Ah Julez just who I wanted to see," the governor said.

"Have I done something wrong sir?" I asked before glancing at the boss.

"No Julez in fact the reports I am getting from ALL the staff at the quarry are excellent."

"So, if you don't mind me asking, why am I here instead of on the van?"

"Because I just wanted to know what you thought about the work."

"Well apart from the heat it wasn't too bad," I replied. "I'm shocked that no-one else had completed the job in a morning before."

"Well boss here thinks you might have been taking the piss," the governor said. "But I told him about your past and he finally calmed down."

"So what happens now then?" I asked.

"Boss will take you back to the quarry and he will keep you a lot busier in future," The governor said. "Don't let him, or me, down though."

"No sir I won't," I said.

"Good then you may go."

The boss stood up and led the way out of the room and outside to his car. Looking at the vehicle wondered just how much money the staff were getting paid. It was a huge, jet black Hummer with chrome bull bars on the front and the image of a naked woman spray painted on to the hood.

"Get in Julez," the boss said as he walked around to the other side.

Doing as I was told I sat in the passenger seat, next to him, and he started the car up. The engine roared and we were soon hurtling along the roads at almost 100, on the way back to the quarry. As we drove I almost dozed off and it was only the fact that the boss brought his hand crashing down onto my knee that stopped me.

"Tired Julez?" he asked as I sat bolt upright.

"Guess I still am from all that rock shifting," I replied.

"Are you sure that's the only reason?"

"Yeah why?"

"Oh nothing," he replied but I could tell there was something.

We continued the drive when, all of a sudden, the boss pulled the car off the road and headed down a dusty road, causing me to start panicking.

"Where are we going?" I asked nervously.

"Don't you worry about that," the boss said. "We'll be there in five minutes."

I turned my head and started to look out of the window hoping to see some sort of sign that told me where we were heading, but there was nothing, just miles and miles of open countryside, and the further we went the more uneasy I became. 

Eventually though the boss brought the car to a stop outside a small roadside café.

"Let's get something to eat," he said. "What they don't know won't hurt."

I stayed where I was as he climbed out of the car, until he stuck his head back in and told me to follow him.

"You didn't think I was going to leave you out here alone did you?"

"But I had my breakfast back at the lock up," I replied.

"Trust me for what I have in store you will need as much energy as possible."

Not liking the tone of his voice I just followed along and sat where he told me to, once we were inside. As I sat there, waiting, I stared towards the door and wondered if I could make it out before he came back. The only problem was that he had picked the furthest table from the door, and I would have to pass him to do so.

Just as I had made up my mind to risk it a large plate was paced down in front of me, covered with a full English breakfast, and the boss sat opposite me.

"I suggest you eat that," he said picking up his own knife and fork.

I stared at the amount of food on the plate in front of me and was amazed. There were three sausages, three slices of bacon, two fried eggs, beans, tomatoes, mushrooms, black pudding and a fried slice, as well as a plate of toast on the table.

"Come on Julez get stuck in," the boss said watching me carefully. "Don't worry I've not poisoned it or anything."

He burst out laughing at his attempt of humour causing me to smile, and then I picked up my cutlery as well. We didn't speak as we ate, and all I could think was that he must want me for more than just rock shifting to be treating me this well.

Once we had finished eating we had one more coffee before heading back out to the van, and continued our journey. The boss opened up as we spoke, telling me about The Quarry and how the new government thought it would, at least, half the crime statistics. Listening to him as he spoke I began to relax more, his company wasn't bad, and he would occasionally come out with a joke as well.

"Not long now Julez," he said as we turned off the road onto another dusty track. "If we go this way we can save twenty minutes driving time."

I was looking out of the window as he said it, and didn't notice him massaging his cock through his worn, dusty jeans, glancing at me as he did so. 

As I continued to stare out of the window thoughts of the day before, the two guards I sucked off, images of Jeff through his cell bars all flooded through my mind, and I began to wonder if there was something more than just rehabilitation going on at The Quarry.

Suddenly the boss stopped the car and I felt his hand grip my thigh tightly. Turning to face him I was shocked to see that he had his cock out of his jeans, and was slowly stroking it.

"What the fuck are you doing!!?" I asked.

"Come on Julez surely you didn't think your antics yesterday would go unheard of," he replied.

I was listened as he spoke, but couldn't take my eyes off his huge throbbing member, it must have been at least nine inches long and at least half as thick, and it really was the most gorgeous cock I had ever seen.

As I continued to stare at his hand, moving slowly along the full length of his hard shaft, I felt the hardness of my own cock inside my jeans throbbing.

"What do you mean about yesterday?" I asked feigning innocence.

"Something along the lines of you, two guards and a mouthful of cock that's what," the boss replied.

"I never had a choice," I said. "Once they knew I was there they threatened to tell you I was trying to escape."

"Why didn't you just run and come to me?" He asked.

"Who would you believe a con or two trusted guards?"

"I'm sure something could have been worked out," the boss said. "Unfortunately we now have a problem don't we?"

"How do you mean a problem?"

"Well I can't have convicts just going around sucking anyone's dick can I?" Boss said. "Especially when they aren't looking after the one person can make their life a living hell."

Before I could say another word the boss let go of my thigh and placed his large hand on the back of my neck.

"However I also have the power to make life so easy for those that I choose to do so for," he said smiling at me, his hand still wrapped around his hard, thick cock. "If you get my meaning."

I knew exactly what he wanted, and normally I wouldn't hesitate to wrap my lips around the swollen, purple, pre-cum covered head of his cock, but sitting in the truck alone I felt scared, and pressured. For all I knew I could suck him and he could treat me worse than all the others. On the other hand though doing it could get me away from shifting all those fucking rocks, day after day, and get me much easier work.

Caught between the devil and the deep blue sea I knew I had no alternative other than sucking his monstrous cock, I just hoped that he didn't take long to cum, and lowered my head slowly.

"I knew you would see sense," the boss said as I flicked my tongue over the end of him, tasting his pre-cum. "Mmm that feels so good Julez."

Opening my mouth as wide as I could, to take his monster cock, I slowly lowered my head, taking inch after inch of his hardness into my mouth, until I couldn't get any more in.

"That's it Julez suck my cock," the boss gasped. "Make your boss a very happy man."

Struggling not to gag or choke on his size I soon got into a good rhythm, my head bobbing up and down quickly, only occasionally going to low and catching the back of my throat.

"Fuck yeah that's it," boss moaned breathlessly as I continued to suck his cock.

I sucked for all I was worth but it looked like the boss was never going to cum, and eventually he placed his hand on my head and told me to stop.

"What's wrong?" I asked letting his cock fall from my mouth, my jaw aching.

"Get out of the car," the boss said opening his door.

Wondering what was wrong with him I did as he said.

"My cock should be wet enough now," he said as he looked at me.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"What I mean is drop your jeans, turn around and bend over the hood."

"You're kidding right?" I said shocked.

"Do I look like I'm kidding?"

His face had changed from one of pleasure to one that said 'do it or you will suffer'

Realizing that this had been his plan all along I slowly undid my jeans and slid them, and my boxer shorts, down to my ankles before turning around and doing as he had asked.

"What a gorgeous white ass," the boss said and I heard him take a couple of steps towards me.

I braced myself, and tried to relax my sphincter muscle as much as possible, as I felt his hands grip my hips. As the thick head of his cock came into contact with my tight hole I closed my eyes, and gritted my teeth.

Slowly the boss pushed against me, more pre-cum covering my hole, and after a few attempts the head of his cock broke through my defenses, causing me to yelp loudly.

"Good job no one can hear you yelping like a girl," the boss said as he brought one of his hands crashing down against my ass cheeks.

"FUCK!!!" I called out. "That fucking hurt."

"Stop whining like a bitch or I'll really hurt you," the boss said the tone of his voice scaring me.

Without warning he slapped my ass again as he drove forward, burying the whole of his cock deep inside me. Pain tore through my body and I thought he had ripped me open, yet the boss just proceeded to continue thrusting hard and fast into me. Gritting my teeth the pain gradually subsided and I soon found myself enjoying the feeling of the boss's thick, cock driving in and out of me, and reached down for my own hard cock, and began to masturbate.

"Good to see you enjoying it," the boss said as I wanked in time with his powerful thrusts.

"Oh yes fuck me," I gasped the feeling of my orgasm beginning to grow in my body. "Cum with me boss."

"Oh I will Julez believe me," he said thrusting hard into me. "And I'm not going to be long."

Gripping my cock and stroking faster than ever as the boss pounded, and slapped my ass, my balls tightening. Try as I did I couldn't hold back any longer and letting out a loud moan, I started to cum Jet after jet of my white, milky liquid erupted from the end of my cock, and onto the front of the car as I felt the boss's cock twitch deep inside me.

"Oh fuck Julez yes!!" He called out as he drove his cock, hard into me once again, before beginning to unload his own seed into me.

Each twitch from his cock caused me to cum more and soon we were both totally drained, the boss inside me and my cum coating the front grill of the car.

Finally he withdrew his, still hard, cock from my ass and turned me to face him.

"I think you and I are going to get on just perfectly Julez," he said with a wink. "Come on get tidied up and let's go the governor's coming to The Quarry this afternoon."

Once dressed we jumped back into the car, my ass sore from both the pounding and slaps that he had given me, and we continued on our journey, arriving fifteen minutes later.

I climbed out of the car to be greeted by one of the guards from the day before.

"Glad you could make it boy," he said sarcastically. "We didn't think you were going to come."

"Believe me he will always come," the boss said and the two of them burst out laughing.

"Right let's get you to work boy," the guard said and led me to join the others and yet another pile of rocks.

This pile didn't seem as big as the previous days and I began to move them quickly, and efficiently, soon catching up with the rest o the cons that were busy doing the same.

Looking around there was no sign of Jeff, and I began to wonder what had happened to him, as he wasn't at breakfast either. I assumed that he was needed back behind the prison walls, probably to keep the guards entertained, and wondered if that was what would end up to me now that I was the boss's favourite cock sucking fuck slut.