 The light flooded the room and the covers were pulled off me, leaving me naked and exposed to the coolness of the morning.

"What time is it?" I moaned.

The last thing I remembered was Tom crying himself to sleep and me lying there in a state of semi-terror, dreading the morning which apparently had arrived.

"Get your lazy ass out of bed," Tom teased.

He grabbed my foot and kissed it, then began to tickle it. I tried to get it away from him but I couldn't. I looked at his naked body as he played with me, his limp cock swinging, perfection itself, Adonis reborn. No one should be that fucking perfect, I groused to myself.

"It's time for you to get up and get a shower. We need to eat and get to class on time."

"What's got you so bright eyed and bushy tailed this morning?" I grumbled. "The last I heard from you was that today's going to be hell on earth."

"Oh, well," he laughed. "Like that old man said, 'Cowards die a thousand deaths, heroes die only once' or some such bullshit. If they're going to kill me today I'll be looking them in their eyes when they do it."

I grabbed my head and moaned.

"I think I got maybe two hours sleep last night. And now I've got to listen to quotes from history. Go away and let me sleep."

I put the pillow over my head; Tom snatched it away and threw it on the floor. He slapped my ass hard.

"Get up before I have to spank you, Lucas," he laughed. "NOW!"

I sat up and took his hand. He pulled me up and led me to the bathroom.

"Pee, do whatever, shave, I'll be back as soon as I get a pot of coffee going."

He pulled my electric shaver from the drawer and set it on the counter.

"Get busy, handsome. You look like hell."

I shaved and used the toilet, grumbling to myself the entire time.

I dreaded this day, D-Day for us, a day that would possibly live in infamy for us, maybe Waterloo too. I felt like shit, my muscles ached, I was emotionally drained from the stress of meeting his family, and then there was TODAY. Plus, my head felt like I'd butted it into a brick wall.

I could hear Tom making a racket in the kitchen getting the coffee maker going and he was whistling 'Stars and Stripes Forever'. What the hell.

I turned the shower on and tested the water before stepping in. The water flowing over my body invigorated me, erasing the muscle ache from the tension of yesterday. I basked in the peace of the shower until I heard the buzz of Tom's razor as he shaved and then he peed in the toilet. He flushed it and the water temp changed.

"TOM! I thought we agreed no flushing the toilet while one of us is showering!"

I heard him giggling like a fool and I wanted to hit him. I was letting the water flow over my face when I felt the cool air as the shower door opened.

"You're so cheery that I thought you'd already had your shower this morning," I said darkly.

He moved up behind me and I felt his cock hanging between my buttocks. He put his hands on my waist and kissed my shoulders and the back of my neck.

"Someone's really grumpy this morning, isn't he? You're usually so cheerful and bright."

"Yeah, I usually get more than two hours sleep after a stressful day."

"C'mon, baby, I love you and it's gonna be a perfect day."

"Have you been smoking pot or something?"

"I don't do drugs, you know that. I've got just the thing to brighten up your morning."

Tom grabbed the body wash and a washcloth and began to wash my back. He gently stroked me in a sensuous way, caressing me down to my ass. Then I felt his soapy finger as he pulled it through my crevice before sliding it deep into my asshole. First one, then two fingers scissoring back and forth. I moaned and I felt his lips on my ass.

"Feeling better, He-Man?" he laughed softly.

Then he pulled the washcloth down my legs. He lifted each foot and cleaned it, taking care to wash between each toe. My cock was beyond hard.

Suddenly Tom's face was kissing my ass cheeks again and gently pulling the hairs with his teeth. Then he pushed the cheeks apart and his tongue was on my hole, pushing and probing. I stood on my toes and spread my legs to give him better entry.

"Eat my ass, Tom, unnhhhh, don't stop..."

"Ummm, hmmm," he hummed.

He brushed his tongue back and forth, kissing, sucking, lapping at my hole. I whimpered and moaned as he gave me the best rim job I'd ever had. He was humming and deep breathing, blowing his hot breath into my asshole.

I almost came at that moment.

"Oh, god, Tom, don't stop, don't stop, I'm gonna cum."

I felt him reach behind him I knew he was getting lube. In the next second I felt it squirting in my asshole. He stood and I felt his cock press between my buttocks. He nibbled on my earlobe. He reached his hand around and grasped my aching cock.

"Good morning, my love," he whispered. "I've been wanting to do this since last night. I love you."

I felt the head of his cock enter me and I trembled.

"The water running over your body, over your shoulders and down your back is so sexy," he said softly. "I want to drink it off you."

I felt him licking me, then he sucked water from the hair on my head.

Suddenly he pushed his cock into me, hard, and my body quivered, complete with him inside me.

"Your ass is so magnificent, Lucas, so perfect. I wish you could see my cock going in and out of your hole. It's...it's...GLORIOUS!"

I laughed quietly.

"Yeah, it kinda feels glorious too."

"You're so beautiful when you're naked and wet."

"I'm gonna cum!" I moaned.

He pulled his cock out of me instantly and turned me around. He knelt before me and kissed the head of my cock, licking the slit.

"Shoot it my face, Lucas. Watch your cum shoot in my face."

I exploded so hard my balls ached. The power behind the first blasts startled him. White ropes of my thick cum covered his face and splashed onto his tongue. He swallowed it and used his fingers to capture the cum on his face to eat. I trembled as my orgasm ended and my knees were weak.

"Not yet, baby," he whispered.

He turned me around again and entered me in one quick thrust, pounding into me hard. He put his hands on my shoulders, pulled me back into him, and my head rested on his shoulder. His lips covered my neck with his kisses and bites. 

"I'm gonna cum!" he grunted.

His cock drove into me like a pile driver, pulling all the way out and then slamming all the way back in again. Then his orgasm took over his body. His face collapsed onto my neck and his arms squeezed me tight to him. He made one last thrust to bury himself as deep as possible inside me and the throbbing began, the pulsating of his cum as it shot hot into me.

Tom slid down to the floor, his arms wrapped around my legs, totally exhausted. He leaned over and kissed the tops of my feet. Then he was at my asshole, sucking his cum out. He stood and fed me his cum from my asshole with his kiss.

"I can't get enough of you," he whispered. "Your hairy body makes me crazy."

As usual, our bodies were like prunes when I finally pulled him from the shower. We slowly dried each other and then dressed each other for the day's classes, for the onslaught. He surprised me and instead of a jersey, he wore one of my white button down shirts with a pair of blue jeans and my black belted harness boots. I wore a blue cotton denim shirt with jeans and my dark brown harness boots matching Tom's.

I gave Tom the spare set of keys to my black Ford F-150.

"You drive today. Use it to go the athletic building and you can pick me up at the library at four. Call my cell or text me if anything changes."

"You're sure?"

"I'm sure. For all intents and purposes we're married and we'll ride in together today."

"I'll give you my spare set to my Silverado as soon as I move my stuff in the apartment. They're in my footlocker under my dorm bed."

As we went into the kitchen Tom turned the coffee maker off.

"Forget this coffee, let's go," he said.

"What about..."

"I've already taken care of the puppies. C'mon, let's get out of here. We're going to have coffee and a donut in the Student Center this morning. Might as well face the music."

Tom picked up my books as well as his own and I was touched by his subtle possessiveness. The boyfriend carrying his girlfriend's books to school. Or in our case, his boyfriend's books. He took my hand and walked me to the truck. He walked me around to the passenger side and opened the door.

"You don't have to walk me to the truck door and open it. And you don't have to carry my books for me."

"TODAY I do. Today is all about my manhood. Not that your manhood isn't important. You can carry the books tomorrow and drive the truck," he grinned.

We pulled into the parking lot of the Student Center and got out of the truck. We had forty five minutes until class. Most people didn't even look at us although I caught a few outright stares. A couple of people waved and said good morning, much as on every early morning. No one said anything malicious or sneered and I was relieved. Not as relieved as Tom was.

We walked through the line and got our coffee and donuts. I was a bit aggravated when Tom paid for both of ours but it was sweet too. He was establishing his position in our relationship and telling the cashier, telling everyone watching, that we were together and I belonged to him. 

Tom never bowed his head, never showed any embarrassment, he acted as if everything was normal. Friends spoke to us, most acted as if there was no change, and only a few seemed uncomfortable. It was in the lounge that I saw the first negative looks, a few sneering faces that were antagonistic. 

Some surprised me and re-emphasized the fact that you don't always know who's homophobic. Tom ignored them, acted as if they were not even there, and I prayed that none of them would start calling out vulgarities. We sat at a table overlooking the green and I couldn't help but wonder if people would stop by. 

Suddenly I was hit in the head by a biscuit. I turned and a guy I didn't recognize sneered at me.

"You got something to say about it, faggot?"

Tom started to stand in anger.

"Sit your ass down," I said coldly. "I can fight my own goddamn battles."

The entire lounge was watching silently. I picked up the biscuit and walked threateningly over to the guy. He was belligerent but I could smell the fear on him. A six five muscled man coming at you is intimidating to everyone but fools.

"What faggot? You drop your biscuit?"

"No, you threw it at me and I'm returning to you."

I stood over him and crumbled it in his hair. He sprung to his feet and threw a punch. I used a simple karate move where I grabbed his fist and bent it back over his wrist, an incredibly painful move that if carried out fully results in a broken hand and wrist. He was on his knees, sweating, trying not to beg.

"If you ever call me a faggot again, if you ever assault me again, I'll break your goddamn legs, you redneck piece of shit. Do you understand what I'm saying to you?"

He fought not to reply and I applied more pressure. He collapsed to the floor, screaming and peeing his pants, but saying 'yes' over and over. I turned to look across the room to all of the people in the lounge. The people in the cafeteria line, the servers, everyone in the room seemed paralyzed in the moment.

"Anyone else got a problem with me, with us?"

I looked at Tom and saw a mixture of emotions, embarrassment and pride, devastation at this rejection, and fear. Suddenly the majority of the students in the lounge stood up and clapped, many cheered.

I looked at Tom's face and there was a smile of both relief and humiliation. I walked back over and sat down at our table, picked up my coffee, and drank as if nothing had happened.

"You fucking faggots!" the redneck screamed as he and the group at his table stormed out.

"Get out and stay out!" several people yelled at them.

Tom and I looked at each other, knowing this was the first rejection and we'd crossed the hurdle, bruised egos and all. You could have heard a pin drop.

"I haven't told you how handsome you look today, Tom."

I think everyone in the room must have heard what I said to him. Then there was laughter and it was supportive, none of it ugly.

"Yeah, you're one good looking dude, Tom. I can see why Lucas had to have you," someone yelled out playfully.

The room returned to normal in short order. Tom and I breathed a sigh of relief but I could see the hurt in his eyes.

"I appreciate you letting me handle that."

"It's a good thing you did," Tom snorted. "I would've smashed his face to a bloody pulp on the floor."

"I know you would've," I laughed. "I was trying to avoid the police arresting us."

I didn't say it but I was surprised the campus police hadn't already shown up. The entire incident had happened in less than five minutes and it was over so I guess no one had called them.

"As I was saying, you're the most handsome man in this room today."

"It's all due to your clothes," he grinned. "I love these boots. I can't believe I've never worn them before and I noticed you're wearing the brown pair. I feel like a cowboy in them."

"Yeah, I know. I love these boots and we'll have to go buy you some since you like them."

"What?" he laughed. "Are you saying I can't wear yours?"

"We'll have to get you some. I wear 'em a lot and I'm not going to be fighting with you over my boots."

"And what are we talking about here?" Louisa asked. "Sounds like an argument about boots. Speaking of which, aren't you wearing Lucas' clothes today?"

She'd stopped by the table to talk with us.

"Don't tell anyone," Tom whispered playfully.

"You two seem in good spirits this morning. I'd be sweating like a pig if I were in your shoes. Particularly after all THAT shit."

"Oh well, we're sort of taking it one day at a time. Where's Anne Marie?"

"She's got lab this morning so she left early to set up. Did I notice Tom driving your truck this morning, Lucas?"

"Yeah, you did. No point in driving in separately unless we've got a reason."

"I admire your guts."

After Louisa stopped by, Tom's crowd began to gather around and it was like always. He was the campus' star athlete holding royal court. We both acted as if nothing had happened but with that unique symbiosis of lovers we both knew that where there was one belligerent bigot there were more.

There was almost no acknowledgement of the change in my status in my classes, all always hard and busy from beginning to end. A few girls joked with me about being off the market for them now but there was nothing negative said in my presence. 

I met Tom on the green at break. He was walking to an outside seat under a tree as I came up. He'd gotten each of us a Coke and we sat down. Alone together I could see the injury to Tom's ego. He just wasn't the same cavalier person that he'd been a week ago.

"How did it your first two classes go, Tom?"

"Not bad. After what happened this morning I was expecting more but honestly, Lucas, I think a lot of people are scared of you," he laughed. "And they must think if they mess with me they'll have to take you on."

He laughed but I could hear the bitterness.

"We both knew this could happen and there'll be more. We've both heard homophobic taunts all our lives."

"I just never thought it would happened to me," he said miserably.

"Tom, I'm so sorry. I can't help but feel this is all my fault. I'm the reason all this has happened to you.

I, too, was miserable, knowing all too well it had only just begun.

"You shut that shit up," he ordered harshly. "I'm not going to listen to you taking the blame for any of this! I'm a grown man and I made my own choices. You wanted to stay in the closet and I didn't. So you shut up any talk about it being your fault."

"I just feel so bad for you."

He slapped my leg hard.

"I'm telling you to shut that shit the fuck up! The only thing you're at fault for is being so wonderful that you made me fall in love with you," he grinned. "And that's not a bad thing. Except you make me crazy every time I see you and I can't think straight."

"Oh, really?" I laughed softly. "You do a pretty good job at distracting me too."

I looked up to see several people looking at us, trying to make it appear they weren't staring. I wondered if Tom's slapping my leg would soon become a part of campus gossip.

"Well, we've got one more class before lunch and I'm telling you, Tom, I'd almost rather go off campus to the Burger King or something."

"No fucking way, Lucas. We're eating in the campus cafeteria just like we usually do. I am NOT fucking running away from these goddamn rednecks, I don't care how fucking ugly it gets. If we back down they win and most of our friends are standing with us."

"Okay," I sighed. "I just hope we don't end up with some of them vandalizing the trucks or the apartment."

My comment startled him. Our break was over and we had to go on to the next class.

"I wish I could kiss you right here," he said softly. "If you were a girl I could give you a quick kiss and no one would care."

"A lot of people don't like public displays of affection by anyone and most definitely not from homosexuals so it's not going to happen," I warned, chuckling. "You'll just have to save those kisses for when we get home. Now let's get to class before we're late."

I never told Tom that I'd let him drive my F-150 because if there was going to be any vandalism on the first day I knew I could handle it happening to my truck better than he could have to his own. If I had to, I could easily buy a new one but Tom's Silverado was a major investment not to mention a source of pride for him.

When we walked into the cafeteria at lunch there were a few stares but on the whole it was like any other day. We went through the line, laughing and joking around as always and went over to a table. We'd barely sat down before Hank Rydell and Larry McEvers sat down.

"Count yourselves lucky that we've decided to sit with a couple of social pariahs," Hank joked. "I'm in need of a couple of good actions before I go to confession Saturday."

"You're not even a Catholic, Hank!" Tom laughed. "Who are you confessing to?"

We all laughed with Tom.

"Seriously, guys that was some scary shit you pulled this morning, Lucas. You made Tommy Brewer piss his pants? He's one bad ass enemy to have."

"Is that his name, Hank?" I asked. "I've seen him around campus, usually in the Student Center, but I've never met him."

"He's a total asshole," Larry said. "And he's a lousy student. He's one of those that want to be a physical therapist but will be lucky if he can do well enough to teach P.E. in a high school. He's been on academic probation so many times I'm surprised he's still here."

"How is it that you know him so well?" Tom asked. "I've seen him around the athletic center a lot but I don't know shit about him."

"That's because you're a big superstar, stud, and you don't see the little people," Hank teased.

"Well, if this morning is an example of what to expect from him it's not good," I said, worried.

"I talked to Coach Wolfe about it this morning at break time. Wolfe can't stand the bastard or any of the other losers he hangs around with. He told me that he's going to read the riot act to Brewer and make it clear to him that if he hears of one more incident from him he's going to get him kicked out of the university."

"Really?" Tom asked.

"Really. I don't guess you've heard that Louisa has reported this to administration as a hate attack."

"WHAT?!" Tom whispered loudly.

"Yep, she told me that if they get away with it once it'll never end. You know she's active in all those student activist organizations and plans to be a lawyer, don't you? I'm sure you'll be getting a summons to admin for an interview. Several people who witnessed this morning have already been in."
