 I was in the island for two days.

Through one of my contacts I had arranged for a resident to show me around and a guy in his early 20s called Mussad (not his real name of course) was the dude who took up the job.

Upon arrival in the island in the morning Mussad offered to let me sleep in his room 'because it will save me the money' but just to be nice I offered to give him the money I had brought to rent a day room and he kindly accepted with a smile.

There was nothing 'gay' about him so I wasn't expecting anything to happen that night as there was a lot of room on his king-sized bed and I figured that we could sleep peacefully both of us on opposite sides without 'touching' each other.

But perhaps I was secretly expecting something 'naughty' to happen because with island dudes, who are not cynical like Male's somewhat uptight and urban dwellers, the fair amount of 'surprises' I get during my travels made me sense that this time too life will turn out exciting.

We hung around the whole time during the day so we got tired almost at the same time, around 3am, and my departure was at 8am.

I changed into my boxers and T-shirt and lay on the side of the bed that was closer to the wall.

Mussad came out of the toilet in his boxers too but topless and I felt a weird sensation at the thought of sleeping so near to a naked chiseled island chest.

So I turned to face the wall and tried to sleep.

I sensed him climb into the bed and lie down on the other side.

I lay quietly, fearful of making any movements that might suggest to him that something was not 'normal' with me.

Soon I grew very relaxed and started falling asleep...

Suddenly I opened my eyes when I sensed that something had wrapped itself around me.

I realized that Mussad had wrapped his right leg around my right leg and I began to wonder whether it was deliberate or not.

I looked at the clock on the wall and it suggested that I was asleep not for more than 15 minutes.

I know some Maldivians who do this 'trick' to seduce you: it's just a form of testing.

The idea works like this: he 'accidentally' wraps his leg around you and if it turns out you are not gay and that if you confront him, he will say it was an 'accident' and there's nothing you can do about it and so he can easily get away with it be feigning innocence.

But if he finds you 'accommodating', that is, if you didn't make it a big issue he might give another nudge until you openly consent to it; or if you want it's your chance now to acknowledge his 'hint' and start doing 'it' because obviously he has taken the initiative and he expects you to 'confirm' it by a 'positive' act from your part.

I lay quietly and he still kept his leg wrapped around me.

I then sensed him move closer and soon I felt his breath on my neck as I felt his chest press on my back, and I then I felt his dick, very hard, pressing hard between my butt cheeks.

He then started rubbing it between my bums and then got more excited and began thrusting harder -- as if he wanted to enter me.

My anus started opening-and-closing in alternate succession as it grew excited itself and I thought, what the hell, I'll let him enter, and if he later complained to me of 'dragging him into a gay act' I can get away like him too by claiming that I did it in sleep too and therefore I didn't know what I was doing exactly.

So I felt safe as I dragged down my boxers and then I pulled my right arm over and pushed his boxers down as well and as I expected, he himself pushed down and got rid of his own boxers. Hmmm...

Now we were both completely naked and we were still lying in that position -- my back to his front.

Now there was nothing blocking him from pushing his dick further and harder down along my anal area and the direct touch of his glans on my bared asshole and balls made me go into a frenzy.

But I caught myself and thought that I won't have sex with a man who was pretending to sleep.

So I thought of blowing him, slowly, to work him into a frenzy too, so that at some point he would realize that I knew that he cannot be asleep anymore and therefore he can finally decide to act adult and accept what was happening.

In other words sex that is carried out with full acknowledgement is more satisfying than sex carried out in denial because even if the dude doesn't view himself as gay, if he's repressed he might act hostilely later but if he's not repressed but closeted then at least his 'opening' up to you means that he is willing to share his 'dirty' secret with you and therefore the sex you have after that acknowledgement wouldn't result in him acting confusedly later towards you.

I pushed my left hand down and caught the glans and began to squeeze it gently.

I felt it grow hard and full in my hands and then I squeezed it hard and that worked him into a frenzy again.

I did that a few times and then I felt him grab his penis in his right hand, guide it to my anus, and give a push.

It hurt a bit because I wasn't naturally lubricated yet but I knew that the fact that he wanted to enter me without even the possibility of oral sex was a signal that he was wanting to cum. And soon.

So I got up immediately and bent over his cock and took it in my mouth.

I sucked on the glans only in order to keep him excited but not enough to make him cum. Not just yet.

Suddenly his left hand found my bum and his index finger found its way down my but crack and to my utter pleasure that finger playfully caressed my exposed anus which began to open and close in alternate non-stop turns, indicating that I too was getting excited enough to be entered.

He then suddenly thrust in the tip of his index finger, not unkindly, and began making rounding motions, feeling the inner walls of my rectum. I wondered whether it was his first time in getting to feel the warm, soft and ultra tight comfort of a male ass.

I knew that if he had continued that that I would cum before my own 'plan' became successful so I 'politely' moved away from his 'fingering' and moved around to face his crotch and with my two hands I lifted up his legs to expose the sweet dark opening that lay hidden down there.

I saw it alternately opening and closing, a clear and sure sign that it was obliging me.

I dived in.

He moaned.

And that made me lick him harder.

He gave out long gasps that went like a 'ssssssssssssssss' and my own erection went several notches higher.

But I wasn't ready to 'give in' yet and as his body naturally tried to 'withdraw' from me, unable to take the onslaught on his asshole anymore, I held onto his legs in an iron grip and refused to let him go.

As I dug in into his ass, my tongue reaching inside his rectum, he moaned in pleasure and then I saw the telltale signs that he might cum when I sensed his balls acting 'up', a sure sign that the moment was imminent when he had to give up his sweet load, for Jesus' sake.

So I stopped rimming and looked up.

His mouth was agape and he was breathing hard, as if he had been lifting heavy stones all day to build an Egyptian pyramid.

I could see that he was tired from all that excitement but he still did not open his eyes!

So time for another strategy I thought...

I slowly inserted my right index finger (I hope God will forgive me one day for desecrating that holy finger uncontrollably so many times in my life) into his ass and began making 'up and down' motions.

His body began heaving up in pleasure.

He began to move his body up and down, accommodating my holy finger, and I felt the familiar warm, soft and yet tight comfort of his anus.

At this point you might wonder, what trick?

Well the trick was this: I finger-fucked him yet at the same time I left his penis alone.

I continued finger-fucking him and soon I had the expected result...

He moved his right hand down and found his cock and began to stroke it.

He did it real hard and I knew he wanted to come no matter what.

So I firmly caught his right hand with my right hand and politely made him leave his cock alone.

He had no choice but to keep his right hand by his side on the bed because I knew that he knew that a 'sleeping' man was not supposed to make too vigorous 'intentional' moves and especially if he wanted to pretend that this sexual act was happening without his being aware of it.

I sensed him 'playing' with me so, in all my pride, I wasn't about to give in too. Call it politics among males but I like to be treated equal and fair.

So I didn't stop. Not yet anyway.

Then quite predictably I saw his left hand finding its way to his penis and beginning to stroke it. Again!

Not real hard this time because I think he may have thought that if he didn't make any vigorous movements in masturbating I might leave him alone to his devices thinking that he won't be cumming any sooner.

But my concern then shifted to the possibility that if I let him play with his thing however gently, he was already ready to cum and therefore it was a matter of time before he shot up his load into the air whether he masturbated slowly or harder this time.

So once again I politely but firmly caught his hand, made him withdraw it from his penis, and let it rest by his side.

I continued finger-fucking him and from then on he obediently left his penis alone but I knew that deep down he was dying to cum.

But I had him.

The excitement of my finger pushing deep inside him made him naturally unable to make himself immune to the pleasure I was giving, and therefore with no choice, no hope and no free will, like an automated robot he continued his up-and-down body thrusts, my finger inside his hole keeping his arousal not only alive but building him up into a foreseeable frenzy.

Now that I had my total control over him for the moment (my finger was inside his body after all) his penis which had a mind of its own had no choice but to keep on 'dancing' to my every 'twist' as well.

Strategically then, I pushed my face into his crotch area and the telltale smell drifted into my nostrils making me extra horny.

I wondered why I thoroughly enjoyed this somewhat stale smell that reminded me of rotten bottoms of dead coconut palm trunks and I guessed it was because we are all made up of the same material: the rotting clay of the decomposing earth.

How clever of Nature to 'trick' us into liking this smell, yet this is what all wars seem to have been fought for, for sex makes the world go round, as the cliche goes.

I began to lick his balls, taking one at a time fully into my mouth, and together with the finger-fucking he became really excited and almost thrust up into a sitting position.

But I strategically left his shaft and glans alone because I knew that a man can never feel fully satisfied, even if he came, if you didn't directly play with the shaft and glans at the moment of orgasm.

And suddenly, but not surprisingly, I heard the familiar words: "Suck me."

I looked up and saw his eyes open.

But his eyelids were heavy and his breathing coming in gasps as if he couldn't focus his mind on anything else now that my assault on his genitals had reached the critical point of no return.

He looked serious as he said those words, "(please) blow (me)", and I knew that he was now almost pleading and that it would be pure torture if I didn't give in immediately to his request and make him cum ASAP.

I dutifully took his glans into my mouth and with my left hand, I began to stroke his shaft, making sure my fingers also continued touching at least some part of his balls.

I made sure that my simultaneously playing with his ass, balls, shaft and glans would give him the time of his life.

Then suddenly, but not unexpectedly, I felt him firmly grab the back of my head, and I felt him trying to push my head away from his penis.

I looked up and he was looking at me and in a weak voice managed to give out a croak that sounded like: "hey, I'm about to cum."

Such 'friendly caution' comes sometimes when you have casual sex with dudes you just met.

It happens that some dudes don't like to swallow cum although they are gay and this was a 'courteous' way of letting you know that you have a choice of swallowing it or not depending on your taste as all the groundwork (such as what we specifically like to do or not in bed) is not discussed beforehand as the encounter is casual after all. So you have no choice but to lay these little 'ground rules' while in the act itself.

But as it happens, when you have an erection, you don't generally give a damn about anything else. All you want is to reach orgasm, cum, whether in the hands of a man or woman not mattering at all at that moment.

There are only a few guys I came across who were completely against my swallowing their cum and during those times some of them told me that they thought that bodily fluids are "disgusting" and that it's different from sucking a cock because a cock is just a "rubbery muscle with no fluids on its outer surface".

Could this dude also have an attitude like that, I wondered...

Basically I couldn't care less because I find everything about the male body beautiful and delicious.

So as I said most guys I met after giving this 'cautionary notice' just let you suck on them if you insist on doing that and they are OK with you swallowing their cum.

I decided to take that risk with Mussad and I smiled at him to say that everything is cool and went down and continued blowing him.

But I managed only to take his glans into my mouth when suddenly, without warning, his whole body shot up in the air and into a sitting position, and his hard-as-a-rock cock found its way deep into my throat.

It was so sudden I almost choked.

He then grabbed the back of my head and forced my head down hard on him.

He couldn't control it, I guess.

I felt his fresh-smelling pubes pushing into my nose and my chin buried deep into his balls.

As he held onto me like that for a split second or too, I felt the telltale heaving of his balls.

His penis at last gave its final violent push and I felt the familiar but welcome warmth trickle down my throat.

And I was extremely glad at the same time that I didn't choke.

I guess I had deepthroated so many times that even in unexpected moments like this I was ready for it though in early years I had to go at it slowly because I felt like choking and vomiting whenever I felt a cock 'filling' the deep inside of my throat.

I gratefully drank all the juice flowing out of him.

And when at last I felt the last of the hot droplets, I held onto him and didn't immediately withdraw.

Then slowly I felt his hand release my head and I knew that he was fully satiated.

I squeezed the bottom of his shaft and slowly, tightly, I withdrew my mouth, managing to bring out all the remaining liquid in his urinal pipe.

As I took his glans out of my mouth, I licked clean the last few droplets and seeing the 'mouth' of his glans as if it was 'smiling' at me with pleasure, I planted a quick light kiss on it and I looked up and saw that he was smiling :)

"Let's go and wash in the sea," he then said quietly, and added, "naked" -- for emphasis I think.

I guess he was still horny so I didn't mind.

It was around 5:30am and the sky was just lighting up but we didn't feel afraid because his home was in a quiet falhu part of the island and it was just about 50 feet from the beach and there were bushes all around us right up to the beach that grew as tall as us and therefore would keep us hidden while we took the walk to the beach, naked.

We did some skinny dipping and after a few minutes of splashing around, came out of the water and still not spying anyone coming from either side of the beach, we decided to risk some more and sat on a patch of grass and relaxed.

He sat looking at the horizon as if in serious thought.

I sensed that something was troubling and that was not a good sign.

So I ask him: "Why? What's wrong?"

"You know," he began, "you shouldn't have swallowed my cum."

Then he turned towards me but I didn't know what to make of that look so I pretended to be innocent and raised my right eyebrow to sign to him to explain himself more...

"Nothing's wrong," he replied, still holding my eyes, "but I'm uncomfortable because I think sperm is meant only for the pleasure of women since it's a 'sexual object'".

I pretended to be indignant and asked him in a playful tone: "Well, your cock is also a 'sexual object', no? And yet you let me suck it."

"That's different," he said, still holding my eyes.

"What's different?" I pressed again.

"Well, the dick is just a muscular 'ejaculator' for the semen, hence, the penis is not a sexual object in itself. I think it's a common error that people make because it acts as the medium by which the cum is delivered from the balls and out into the vagina or a woman's mouth," he elaborated, and then added, "So I don't think a man should swallow another man's cum although you may suck his cock."

"I see," I replied, my eyes also not letting him go.

Was it defiance?

I think it was more of confusion on my part and therefore I didn't know what kind of a response would have been appropriate in that situation.

He didn't say anything then so I thought I will say something to calm him down: "Alright, next time I won't swallow your cum."

Predictably he brightened up and smiled too.

Then, just on a hunch, I casually asked him: "Next time when you cum, where would you have it in?"

He immediately replied: "Your ass of course."

"My ass?" I was dumbfounded.

Liwat or anal intercourse (also called sodomy) is haram (prohibited) as popularly taught in the Maldives though we know that Afghans believe that masturbation, gay sex and even bestiality with goats is halal (legal) in order to prevent oneself from going out of control and committing the "more graver sin" that is fornication with a woman.

Ironic but no two individual humans are alike in thinking and that's a fact however difficult it makes things for ordinary humans like us -- as far as staying within the so-called 'decent boundaries' are concerned when conducting our private sexual affairs.

Anyway I thought why the ass and not the mouth since the ass would be 'more dirty' than the mouth which will be relatively clean (because I also happened to brush my teeth before bedtime).

I didn't actually voice this thought but he then started explaining by himself: "The ass is for shitting and therefore you can dump anything dirty down there since it's already a dirty place down there."

I didn't know what to say to that.

But I thought I should take advantage when the opportunity had presented itself because who was I to judge another person's opinion? After all when you really think about it he has a valid point of view because he has in his own way rationalized 'gay' sex purely on the criteria of what makes a 'sexual object' depending on its biological 'function' and 'need.'

"But you'll have to do it with a condom because I never fuck anybody or let myself be fucked without a rubber. It's dangerous these times you know," I told him.

He gave out an extended "ooookkkkk" and I knew that he wasn't totally happy about it but I wasn't going to take any risks with a guy I had just come to know so he would have to settle only for the 'tightness' of my hole, foregoing the 'warm' and 'soft' part of it. At least on this trip.

We walked back to his place and it was almost 6am and we could see things clearly now.

I took out two condoms and we did each other in turn.

When he entered me, it was in the doggy position and he specifically requested that position and later told me that that position made him really horny.

I applied the lubricant I always carried with me on my trips onto my ass and watched him put on the condom on his modest-sized cock. It always makes me damn horny to watch another guy put a condom on his hardened dick.
