 I awoke at six thirty the next morning. So many years of early school classes had conditioned my body to wake up early. I looked around me and Tom was not in bed with me. I don't know why I'd thought he might get up in the middle of the night and come to me. I was miserable, distressed over the fight the night before and wanting to make up with him.

But did he want the same? 

I staggered into the bathroom and realized my shaver was in my bedroom. I usually shaved before I took a shower but not today, I thought. I took a shower and without any clean clothes I put my robe on. I lay on the bed trying to decide if I wanted to go to Tom first or make him come to me.

My dilemma resolved itself. I heard Tom in the hall talking with David. I heard him ask David if he knew which room I was in. A few seconds later there was a soft knock on the door.

I waited before responding, my heart pounding. There was another knock.

"Come in."

Tom came in looking like hell. He'd slipped on some jeans with his white tee shirt and wore athletic shoes without socks. He looked at me, searching for my response. I wasn't sure how to respond, perhaps childishly not wanting to be the first to offer the olive branch.

I lay on the bed just looking at him. He walked to the end of the bed and knelt at my feet. He kissed my feet tenderly.

"I worship the ground these feet walk on, Lucas. I'm sorry that I hurt you. Can you please forgive me?"

He buried his face in my feet. I slid down the bed and sat up. I pulled him up and he buried his face in my lap. I stroked his soft hair, damp from his shower.

"I don't even know why you love me, Tom," I said miserably. "I'm a fucking sorry ass coward and I don't deserve you. Don't tell me you worship me because it only makes me feel worse."

**********************

TOM'S STORY:

I sat on the end of the bed and held Lucas in my arms. He was totally miserable and seemed lost. I kissed his face tenderly.

"Tom, I'm so sorry for all of this. This'll never work out because I'm not good enough for you. You're one of the truly good guys and you need someone better than me. I expected you to call a cab and leave me during the night."

His handsome face was torn with anguish. He seemed disgusted with himself, almost as if his own ego had disappeared. He looked down at the floor, embarrassed, and I lifted his face to mine, forcing him to look at me. I kissed his lips gently.

"I'm not going anywhere, baby. I told you before that you make me crazy. I'm in love with you, with all of you, the good and the bad."

His eyes were suddenly wet and Lucas fought for control. I was watching the strong silent He-Man of our campus slowly come unglued.

"It's all right, baby, I'm right here. You can cry."

"I never cry, Tom."

I held him close to me. He always said he never cried but he'd cried with me once before. He'd been upset over it for a couple of days so I never mentioned it to him again.

"Tom, it'll never work out," he whispered. "I told you, I'm not good enough for you. You're not good enough for my family. Fuck, I'm not good enough for them. I've tried so hard all my life but nothing's enough for Mama and Daddy. And now they know I'm gay."

I realized with horror what I'd done to Lucas by outing us. He was in the closet for many reasons, as a lot of gays are. But most of all because he felt he wasn't good enough for his family and now not even for me. I pulled him into my arms and held him tight. Lucas clung to me as if his life depended on it.

"Baby, you'll have to physically throw me out, or have your Daddy do it, because I'm not leaving you here. We're going home to New Hampshire and I'm going to make everything all right again."

"I wish it could be..."

"It can be, sweetheart, if you'll just let it. Don't you love me?"

I felt him nodding into my neck.

"You know I love you, Tom."

"I know that, baby, don't you see? I know how much I mean to you, how much we mean to each other and I'm never going anywhere without you."

"Daddy's so mad with me. He said he'll be nice to you today but I don't know. Just try not to upset him, Tom. Or Mama. I'm so sorry, Tom."

"I figured you fixed everything with him last night when you went downstairs," I laughed softly.

"Tom, you don't understand my family and it's why I didn't want you to come. They're, they're, uh, what's the word? Mercurial?"

"A nice word for saying you never know what the hell to expect from them. I kinda gathered that already," I laughed.

"It's not funny, Tom. Daddy can be so nice one minute and a total monster the next. He might be nice when we go down or he might want to tear your head off. And Mama...she and Daddy..."

"What? They seem like they stick together. I like your mother. She's nice."

"No. Mama can be nice when she wants to be and she and Daddy get SEEM to get along but you don't know those two. Everything goes okay with them sometimes for months and then it's World War III."

"I guess we dodged the bullet then. It's not World War III."

"Be careful, Tom, just don't make them mad, please. Daddy's already upset over us being gay and Mama..."

I took his hand in mine and kissed it. Lucas was literally sweating, swallowing hard, nervous as hell.

"Lucas," I said softly. "It's okay, I get it. You're afraid of them. You don't need to hide it from me."

"You don't want me, Tom, I'm not right for you."

"Don't say that. You can't hide it from me. I know what's going on here."

"Tom, no. Don't say it. I'm not worth it."

"I'm going to say it," I said brusquely. "You're fucking scared to death of your father. Terrified. And of David. And of your own damn mother. What the hell did they do you, Lucas? I should have seen it on the ride home from the airport and definitely after you just took all that shit from them. Tell me, Lucas. What kind of abuse was it, physical, sexual?"

"Oh, god no, Tom," he gasped defensively. "You can't understand. It's not like that. Daddy just has high standards for our behavior and we got into a lot of trouble as kids."

"And he beat the shit out of you, didn't he? So did David. You're a grown man and you're fucking six feet five inches tall! FUCK these people! Stand up for yourself. Your father and mother's one thing, I can understand that, but your fucking brother?"

Lucas literally seemed to shrink when I said it. He and David were obviously the same height, Merry didn't look taller but he was a monster of a guy, a former defensive tackle for nine years in the NFL. He was intimidating as hell and I could see how a child could become terrified of him if he was as unpredictable as I was beginning to see.

"David protects me. He's never hit me unless we were sparring practicing karate. Tom, it's complicated. Daddy just believes in the biblical 'spare the rod and spoil the child' thing. And you see, we've all turned out just fine. David's a doctor, James is in dental school and I'm..."

"Stop it, Lucas. I don't care about all of that. Your father treats you like shit, he treats everyone like shit and he gets away with it. He's a fucking tyrant. And your mother...what kind of woman lets her husband treat her kids like he does?"

"No, Tom, you're wrong. He's a little pushy sometimes but he loves us, he has our best interests at heart. Tom, Daddy had the right to question us, to make sure everything's right. And he's really disappointed that I'm gay."

I could see that even at his age Lucas thought his father was right to control him. Nothing I said to him was going to break through. Classic.

"And David? What's your excuse for him?"

"He loves me and he's just looking out for me. There's a special relationship between me and David. We're different from James and Sally, haven't you seen it?"

"How, Lucas? I know David's protective of you, he called you his special little man. But he's a little over the top, fucking WAY over the top."

"Okay, I'll admit it. Maybe Daddy overdid it with David. He told David he was a man when he was fucking twelve and that he was responsible for looking after us when he and Mom were working. But it's worked out okay, don't you see?"

I held him tight and wanted to kill his father. And what the hell was this special relationship with David? How were they different? I searched my mind for an answer as I held him. What hadn't I seen in those two that was different? 

"Lucas, I love you and this is going to end."

"I'm fine. I heard you talking to David. Was he better this morning? He was so tired last night. I worry about him working so much. And Daddy's so hard on him."

"Your brother David really apologized to me this morning and told me he was totally out of line. He said he'd just come out of fifteen hours in the ER and that he was in no condition to be having conversations with anyone."

"David really IS a good person, Tom. He's just..."

"I should have seen it, Lucas. It was right in front of me. On the way here from the airport your sister practically ordered me to put up with your father and so did you. And then you BEGGED me to let him have his way, to not say anything. You four kids are grown and you're letting your father control you like you're ten years old, all of you."

"It's not that bad, Tom. You're reading too much into it. Come on, let's just make up and go home this afternoon."

"Baby, as far as I'm concerned we just had an argument and I was a fool. I should never have thrown you out of your own room. Couples fight even though they love each other. And I told you, I love you so much I can barely breathe. 

"I'm so sorry, Tom. I should have stopped Daddy, I shouldn't have let him treat you the way he did. It's just that...

"You don't have to say it. I can see it for what it is."

Lucas' face was red and I could see in his eyes that he was humiliated. It was classic abuse. He loved the ones who abused him, the ones he could never please. His apologies, his incredible sorrow, startled me. This was not the Lucas that I knew.

"Now you see I'm not perfect, that I can't let you worship me. After yesterday I'm not even sure why you'd love me. I probably would've raced out of this house, called a cab, and never spoken to me again if I'd been you."

I pulled him closer to me and held his head on my chest. 

"I couldn't do that, baby. You make my world whole. I suspected yesterday that you're afraid of your Daddy. I think everybody in this house is afraid of him."

"Not Mama."

"I don't get it. Why are you afraid of David? He's your brother, for god's sake."

"I'm not afraid of David, Tom. Really I'm not. David protects me from...it doesn't matter, Tom. Just let it go. It's just that I was always getting into fights as a kid and causing trouble for him. He does a lot for me and always looks out for me."

"But you didn't say anything to him last night when he was treating me like shit. You just let him do it."

"Tom, he had the right to look out for me. He doesn't know you and he was just protecting me. You don't understand. My family is not what you..."

Lucas just stopped talking and wouldn't look at me. I was at a loss for words and didn't say anything either. Hell, David really WAS looking out for his little brother. He didn't know me from Adam's house cat. As far as he knew I could just be an athletic wash out after his brother's money and ten million dollars is a lot of money. 

"Look, Lucas. David was sincere when he apologized and I accepted it. What happened is behind us as far as I'm concerned. It's you and your parents that concern me now, particularly your father."

Lucas buried his face in my armpit and his breath was ragged.

"I shouldn't have let this happen, Tom. You shouldn't have come here. I TOLD you not to come to this house. I shouldn't have let you, it was a huge mistake. Can you please forgive me? I'm so ashamed," he said miserably.

"Hey, beautiful, you shut that shit up. Anybody I'm with had better not be ashamed."

I tried to lighten it up a bit but he clung to me, his body shaking.

"Oh, god, Tom. I'm so sorry for all of this. Just PLEASE be nice to Daddy, no matter what he does. I'm sorry I'm such a wimp. I guess I'm not the alpha male you think I am."

"We're here for each other, Lucas. We love each other and there are always ups and downs. As for being a wimp, I've shed my share of tears in front of you and you've always held me and told me everything would be okay. Now I'm telling you that I'm going to make everything okay."

"I'm so, so sorry I said that awful thing to you about crying. I could've ripped my tongue out. I was so upset all night long I was ready to do away with myself for hurting you so. "

"Ssshhh, don't ever say anything like that again. EVER. I'm all right, I told you. I love you and we had a fight. Now we're making up. And I love you more than I ever did."

"I know I'm not what you bargained for, Tom. You'll never understand my family and you shouldn't be here."

Lucas was really hurting and he couldn't stop apologizing, pleading with me. In all the time I'd known him I'd never seen him out of control and it was because of his father, the people in this house. Even more so, it was because of me. I'd outed us and put him in this untenable position.

"Lucas, abuse is a terrible thing but we can get beyond this. Just take my hand and trust me, I'll help you."

"I think we're beyond help."

"I wanted to beat the shit out of Merry yesterday because of the way he screamed at you and you took it like a scared little boy."

"Mama calmed him down, Tom. She always does. And now David's here."

"I'm not going to pass judgment on your mother because I don't know what she's been through but I don't like it, any of it."

"I'm not stupid, Tom. I know most of the fault's mine. The worst of it is that I thought we deserved it, that Daddy was in the right to yell like he did. Even I know that's not right."

"Lucas, I think almost anyone would be afraid of Merry when he gets worked up, most certainly little kids growing up."

"Daddy was never really abusive. Or Mama either. You just have to understand he has such high standards and I fell short of them a lot. He only whipped me when I needed it. And it's kind of hard to be the kid of a football hero and know you'll never be as good as him."

"Fuck his goddamn motherfucking standards! I'm going to say this because I love you more than anything, Lucas. You seriously need therapy to get over this and I'll go with you."

"NO, I can't do that! Mama and Daddy would find out! I can't tell anyone. I'll be all right."

My beloved Lucas was shaking a leaf, terrified. I'd come into a world where I was totally out of my depth. Totally. I didn't know what to do, where to turn except to hold him and comfort him.

"We just need to take David and get out of here, Tom. Everything will be all right. And I'm sorry I walked out on you last night."

Lucas was now a shadow of the man I loved. When I looked at him physically he was the same but when I looked into his eyes, when he spoke he was now a different man, a frightened man. I kissed the palm of his hand gently.

"I was miserable last night, knowing we'd fought because of your family. I wanted to come find you but you were so angry and I thought you might need some alone time, some time away from me."

"I was sick with worry all night. I wanted to beg you not to leave me and I wanted to smack you for throwing me out of my room."

I burst out laughing.

"I think I would've felt better if you'd come in the room and punched me a good one. Lucas, we'll always have arguments but we've got to promise each other that we'll never let other people come between us again. And we always need to sleep together, mad or not."

"I promise," he whispered. "I'll never walk out on you like that again."

"Even if you have to punch me out."

"I'd never hit you in anger, Tom, never. I won't live like that anymore, not with you."

"You're right. But we can still spank each other when we fuck, can't we?"

"Only if we kiss ass afterward," he laughed softly. "I like it when you spank me, Tom.

I couldn't stand it anymore. I had to have him, to take us out of this place emotionally. I ripped his robe off and pushed him face down on the bed, kissing his ass. I pulled his cheeks apart and licked between them, starved for him.

"I love your ass. I think about your ass all the time, in class, in public, everywhere. I can't keep my eyes off it, baby."

"More than my cock?"

"Maybe," I panted.

I wanted him, to fuck him, to make all of this go away and I knew he wanted me too.

He tried to turn over and I held him down.

"Tom, we can't do this in James' room. I want you but we need to go to my room. James could be here at any time and he'll come to his room to put his stuff down."

"Okay, let's go."

I kissed his ass again, a loud smacking kiss and slapped it hard.

"I want to fuck you so let's get out of here. We need to make love and forget about all this other shit."

"You go and I'll be there in a few minutes. I need to straighten up his room so it's neat again. I don't want him to walk in and find his room a mess."

"I'll help you."

"No, I'll do it, it'll be faster. Go get ready for me. It'll only be a couple of minutes."

I kissed his face tenderly and stood up.

"Don't be long, Lucas, I want you with me."

I walked down the hall to his bedroom and thought I heard a door close. Someone was watching.

I was naked in bed, jacking my cock when he came in. He locked the door and took off his robe, dropping it to the floor. His face, his tall muscular body, it was all flawless, like the perfect male model, the ideal movie star, and he made me absolutely crazy with lust for him.

"You make me crazy when you're naked and you know it. That sexy hairy body of yours, I just want to lick you all over."

"I'm glad you like it," he grinned.

"Come over here and love on me."

He crawled in the bed and cuddled close to me.

I licked his neck and he laughed softly.

"You drive me wild, Lucas. You must be a witch."

"Warlock," he laughed.

I bit his neck and he moaned.

"I'm all yours. Do what you want to me," he moaned softly.

"I want to lick you all over. I worship you, baby."

I licked and sucked his nipples.

"I don't think you realize how much I adore you, Tom. You're my whole life. I've got a lot of failings but one thing's for certain. I love you."

I licked and chewed his chest hair and started downward. He pulled my head gently back up to his face.

"Not yet, lover. I want you to kiss me, bite me. Cover me with your lips and show everyone I belong to only you."

I kissed his face and neck, licking him, biting him gently, and sucking his skin. His fingers toyed with my hair and teased my face as I feasted on him. I held him tight in my arms, our cocks pressed against each other, our legs entwined.

After marking his neck I licked and kissed down his chest and stomach, chewing on the hair I was obsessed with. I sucked his nipples until they were erect and perfect dark circles. Then I kissed down to his cock. I moved it aside with my nose and buried my face in his thick pubic curls.

I licked and sucked on his pubic hair until it was wet, then sucked his balls one at a time, rolling each one around on my tongue. Lucas' body was on fire, quivering with desire. I licked his perineum down to his asshole, then kissed down his legs to his feet. I kissed each one and licked them.

Our eyes locked together, love flowing between them like lightning. His cock was throbbing and I pushed his legs onto his stomach, exposing his beautiful asshole. I wanted to taste his ass, to kiss it, to fuck it with my tongue until it opened like a rose.

"I'm going to cum, Tom," he gasped.

I put my lips over his cock and sucked, my tongue swirling around the head, pushing into his slit. I put two fingers in his asshole, scissoring them, and rubbing his sex button.
