 "Perry-- you in there?" a quiet voice said... sounding like it came from right up against the side of the van. 

Perry pulled out of me, smiling and handing me a small towel as he picked up another one. 

"Yeah... is that you, Chris?" 

"Yeah... Are you really busy right now? Can I come in?" 

Perry smiled, shook his head, then turned to me and whispered, "Chris is okay... Pull your jeans on. I'm gonna open the door." 

"Just a second, Chris," he called. 

We each got partly dressed, and Perry unlocked one of the side doors and opened it. I was feeling frustrated and disappointed, wondering if we'd get a chance to continue... I needed to get that unbelievable, ecstasy-producing cock back up inside me where it had just been... I needed it bad... I'd just gotten started... 

A slender kid with long blonde hair who looked much younger than either of us climbed in and sat down on the bench along the wall, holding a bottle in a brown paper bag. He looked slowly at us both, our bare chests and flushed faces, as Perry locked the door again. 

"Wow-- I caught you guys fucking, didn't I?" he said with a smile. "It's pretty easy to pick up the vibes-- they're overpowering... You're both still really in heat, too, huh?" 

I just stared at him, but Perry chuckled. "That was cheating... you saw the rise in my Levi's, didn't you?" 

"Not 'til after I'd already guessed," he said. He looked at me, smiling and holding my gaze for a few seconds before he spoke again. "Can I join the fun?" 

"Of course," Perry said. "I'd never tell you to beat it..." 

Chris immediately got undressed; Perry removed his jeans, looking over at me questioningly. 

'Oh, what the hell,' I thought, and pulled mine back off, too; Chris moved over to the bed and sat on the edge of it where Perry had been earlier. He leaned back against the window post, his cock standing erect, tall and thick. 

"Wow," I said before I realized I'd spoken-- his cock was bigger than either of ours, both in length and girth. I looked up and into his eyes again, blushing this time. 

"You can touch it if you'd like," he said, smiling. "Oh, by the way-- I'm Chris. Who're you?" 

"Uh... Don, " I said. "Your cock is huge..." 

I slid my hand up his smooth thigh until it closed around his amazing cock, automatically stroking it; the longest finger barely touched the thumb... My own cock throbbed back to life. 

Perry picked up a joint and lit it, handing it to Chris. 

"Thanks," he said with a big smile, taking a long hit and handing it to me; I released him to take a toke. Chris opened the bottle of Mickey's Malt he'd brought with him and passed it around behind the joint. 

'Love To Love You, Baby' was pulsing in the background now, Donna's voice moaning and sighing. 

"Lie down here between us, Chris," Perry said, patting the mattress. Chris crawled over me, his warm skin sliding easily past, lying on his back and looking back at me. I reached out and started stroking him again as soon as he lay down; one of Chris' hands slid along the back of my upper thigh. 

"Hello, gorgeous," he said breathily. 

"Uh, I was just fucking this nice little piece of ass here," Perry said, motioning toward me. "He's incredibly hot... You wanna take my place? I'm sure he wouldn't mind if you did-- would you Don?" 

Trapped and speechless, I blushed and shook my head a little. 

"I want something else first," Chris said, looking at me. "I want you to suck me, Don... 'cause I can tell you really want to..." 

We were 'way past the point of taboos and self-consciousness, and he was right: I really wanted to feel that cock in my mouth... Immediately, I got between his legs and sucked as much of the large head in as I could, both hands now stroking the length of the shaft. 

I felt Perry moving around behind me, his cock pressing between my cheeks and then sliding, thrust after slow, slow thrust, back into my open ass. I moaned and whimpered, lost in helpless, delicious lust, sucking harder on Chris, my ass squirming. The two cocks were taking me away, far away... where nothing else existed but thrust, rush, and suck... squirm, rush, and suck... squeeze, rush, and suck... 

"Gotta get you stretched out for Chris," Perry said quietly, as he buried his cock in me once again. "This is an entirely selfless effort, you understand... it's for Chris-- and for you, too, because you really wanted to feel me in your ass again... didn'cha, slut?" 

Slut? He called me a... oh, shit. I am a slut... I love this... I love bein' used and fucked like this... ohhhyeahhhhh... ohhhhhhhhmmmm... 

I pushed back against him, feeling his cockhead moving 'way up inside while the long shaft slid through my inner sleeve. I sucked on the engorged cockhead in my mouth and stroked the shaft beneath it with both hands, moaning constantly, submerging under rushes of overwhelming, lust-filled ecstasy... 

"You know what I think, Don?" Perry said as he drove really deeply into me and held it there. "I think you just found out that you're a cock-slut... You are a cock-slut, aren'cha? You love these cocks; I can tell... an' you just love gettin' double-fucked, don'cha?... Show us how grateful you are that we're fuckin' both your needy holes, you hot little slut... Come on now-- show us how much you love these cocks..." 

With a loud moan, I sucked Chris' massive cock even further into my mouth while I undulated, twisted, and writhed on Perry's. I wasn't sucking Chris like that just because Perry had told me to, though-- I needed more of that cock... 

The sensations from Perry's fucking were nearly shorting out my brain, and together with my hunger for the huge cock in my hands and mouth, I was willingly drowning in a rising tide of lust. I'd never been so consumed by desire... Nothing existed but these delicious, magical cocks... mmmmm-mmmmm... fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeee... 

"Hey, Chris," I heard Perry say, "You really need to fuck this fine piece of ass... Come around here... Let this little cock-slut get his heart's desire on his virgin night..." 

I'd pictured Chris' huge cock fucking me the first time I saw it, and I went weak at the prospect... it was gonna happen now... Chris immediately pulled out of my mouth and moved around on his knees next to Perry, while Perry kept pulling my ass back onto his cock and flexing it inside me. 

"It really is a fine piece of ass, Chris... and that's why it's sooo hard to stop... ohhhh... ohhh... ohh... oh. There." 

Perry pulled out and moved over, then lay down and wiped himself with a towel as Chris slathered lube on his own cock. I waited, pulse racing, feeling the cool air on my wide-open ass until Chris pressed the head between my cheeks, his hands moving up to hold me by my waist. 

"You ready, Don? Don't worry-- I don't like to hurt people... Just push back a little when you feel me thrusting forward, okay?" 

I nodded. "Okay." 

When he thrust forward, I pushed; as a result, his cock drove a couple of inches into me, and the stinging from my once-again-stretched anus made me gasp. He moved back and forth gently for about a minute, just enough to pull the tightened anal ring a little in each direction, stretching it without sliding any deeper. I moaned and pushed back again, impatient with the receding pain, just wanting to feel this incredibly huge phallus all the way up inside me. 

The beautiful monster went in with no problem, my insides opening before the lube-slickened head as my anal muscle slid its relaxed and stretched-out grip the rest of the way down the slippery shaft. Soon the cool skin of Chris' hips pressed against my ass, and I reached back with both hands, grabbing his tensing body and pulling him even deeper, squirming and pushing back at the same time. 

"Ohhhhunghhhhhh... Ohhh gahhhd... Fuck meeeee..." I groaned, making Chris' huge cock continue to move inside me by twisting around on it and pulling his hips tight against me. 

"Fuck me... fuck me... fuck me... fuck me... fuck me..." I chanted, eyes closed, lost in sensation and lust as his warm hands on my waist kept pulling me back; the shaft kept sliding, fucking, sliding, fucking... thrills continually rushing from deep inside... overwhelming everything else in my brain... the magic piston kept thrusting through the chamber... thrusting through my melting insides... again and again... ohhhhhunghhhhhh... 

I'd forgotten anyone else was there until warm skin touched my mouth, and I opened my eyes to see Perry's cock, the head of it pushing between my lips. I sucked it in with a squeal, a rocketing thrill of new-found lust shooting through me once again: I was sucking this delicious cock while riding an even more amazing one... 

'I'm your fuck-doll,' I thought. 'Your fuck-doll... fuck-doll... fuck-doll...' 

As if he read my mind, Perry began a long streaming commentary... 

"Just look at our new friend... he's taking off, now, Chris," Perry said, his voice low and sultry. "I think he's found his calling-- he's a fuck-doll. Isn't that right, cock-slut? You're only really satisfied when you're bein' double-fucked, aren't you? You're a cock-suckin' bottom, Don-- that's what you are... So, suck my cock, bitch, suck my cock... 'suck it 'cause you're a cocksucker... you just love to suck those cocks, don't you? And you just love it when your ass is bein' used for a fuck-toy... Squirm on that cock 'way up in your hungry ass, bitch, squirm on it... squirm on it like a grateful whore... make it shoot lots of come in your little white ass... come on, fuck-boy-- show us how much you really love these cocks... mmm-mmmm..." 

'Whoaaah... I'm gone...' I thought as sensation rushed through me from both ends, stiff cocks sliding in and out... Inner roller-coasters looped and raced along their tracks inside me while a pounding rock 'n' roll tune played... I am a fuck-boy... I am a cock-slut... and I love bein' a fuck toy... ohhhhhhhhh... fuck me, fuck me, fuck me...' The thoughts streamed through my head in a litany of lust. 'Cock-slut, fuck me... fuck-boy, fuck me... fuck toy, fuck me... fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeee...' 

"Ohhhhhunghhhhhh," I groaned. I let Perry go, suddenly overwhelmed, and I gasped aloud as Chris drove his massive pole 'way higher than before, creating a tsunami of sensation so powerful that I stopped moving completely, eyes rolling back in my head, letting the huge waves roll over me... I fell back against him when it had passed, sucking and stroking Perry's pulsating cock again... 

Perry had put his hands on my head, and I guessed he was getting close to a climax. I cupped one hand around his asscheek, then slid my fingers between them to his still-lubed anus. As soon as I got a finger a couple of inches inside him, Perry's grip suddenly tightened and he thrust forward, driving his cock into my throat. 

I took his come until I gagged and choked, then drew back a second before pulling him in again as deeply as I could. I swallowed and sucked, licking and pumping the underside as I milked it from the base with my hand. Perry twitched and trembled, before finally relaxing and releasing my head, falling back onto the bed; his come trailed down my cheek, a string going from my mouth to his cock. I wiped it all into my mouth-- it was still warm and incredibly tasty, his own musky, salty-sweet syrup. 

I twisted against Chris as he continued thrusting his monster cock slowly into my ass, the impossibly powerful rushes from each movement lifting me higher and higher. I reached back, held onto his ass and squirmed. 

"Ohhhhhh, man... your ass is so fine..." Chris sighed in one long breath, pulling me down tight against him, flexing his massive shaft inside me... I held still, feeling the head lift and extend inside... My eyes rolled back as the rushes once again overloaded my nervous system. 

"Do me, too, Chris," Perry said softly in his ear. "I've gotta have summa that..." 

"On your front; grab some pillows, bitch," Chris answered, chuckling. "You know I can't pass up that ass..." 

Perry obeyed immediately, lying with his face turned to the side. His butt was in the air, pillows underneath, legs open, his puckered anus still glistening with lube. Still deep in me, Chris reached over and began to work a couple of fingers into Perry; he squirmed back against them in welcome. 

"Ohhhhhhh... I'm ready, Chris... I'm so ready... I need it, Chris..." 

I felt Chris pulling out of me, then watched him re-lube his cock as he knelt between Perry's spread thighs. I was empty, but still tingling inside and out, sensation slowly retreating back beneath the surface of lust-filled excitement. I turned so my head was just above Perry's ass, watching Chris' cockhead open him and then push inside. When it did, Perry cried out, a small, high-pitched cry of pain that made Chris freeze. 

"Uh... um... oh, I'm sorry," Perry said, his voice suddenly high and plaintive. "I-- I didn't mean to make you stop... It just stung... It-- it really stung this time... but don't pull out, Chris, don't stop... I need it... please don't stop... Ohhhhhh... Just ignore what I say... and fuck my ass... fuck meeeee..." 

Perry pushed back onto Chris' cock while Chris just stayed erect and still, letting him impale himself. Perry's hands reached back to grasp and hold onto Chris' ass until he was squirming on the completely buried shaft. 

"Ooohh... Ohhhhhunghhhh," Perry mewled and groaned, twisting slowly while he made almost serpentine moves with his hips and torso. 

"Ohhhhhh... I need you to fuck me, Chris... I neeeeeed it... ohhhhh... I love your cock... ohhhhhh... Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me... ohhhhhhhhhhh... This is what I neeeeed..." 

It was incredibly hot watching Perry as he begged Chris to fuck him and then backed up onto his cock. My own cock throbbed, and I started to move around to put it in Perry's mouth. Chris' hand on my shoulder stopped me, though, going down to my cock and stroking it. 

"I need this," he said, looking up at me with lust gleaming in his eyes. 

"I know what: Roll him over, Chris," I said. "Either side'll do..." (There was no room to stand...) 

They wound up on their left sides, and I on my right. I lifted my hips a little to give Chris' mouth access to my cock, and he dove at it, sucking it into his throat with moans and whimpers. After a minute or so, though, I pulled it out and gave it to Perry, who sucked it devotedly, keeping time with the cock in his ass. I went from one to the other, fucking their mouths while I held onto each of their heads in turn. 

It wasn't long before Chris came, making whimpering and squealing sounds around my cock; he slammed deep into Perry's ass, pulling it tight against his hips and flattening Perry's cheeks against him. Perry mewled and groaned again, writhing slowly, eyes shut tight. 

We stayed like that for a little after Chris' orgasm passed; he sucked and licked my cock gently, moving his hips slowly until at last he slipped out of Perry. Then the three of us lay back on the pillows; I was in the middle, the only one still with a hard-on. 

"Well, now what, guys?" Chris said, idly stroking me.