 I had always loved sitting in the rain. Here, on my parent's property, we have a private lake surrounded by the woods. It's as if it was just randomly placed on the property. Being the only child I was the only one to ever venture out there being it was at least a fifteen minute walk from our house. Although sometimes my friends and I would all go swimming out there in the summer.

Ever since I was old enough to enjoy it I would go out there alone when it was raining and swim naked in the lake. It was a heavenly experience. I had already been swimming for nearly two hours when I decided to leave the water, laying on a blanket, just enjoying the feel of the rain on my bare skin.

Laying there my mind began to wander. I may only be eighteen years old but I had definitely seen a few things beyond that. If you get my drift. I assume its because I'm what most would call a pretty boy. Short dark brown hair, eyes to match, and an excellent body, six pack and all, standing at 6'1. 

My hand started drifting over my nipples, pinching them slightly, as a memory of my best friend came to my mind. He never knew I thought of him like that but he had to of been one of the sexiest men alive. He was about 6'2, great body, beautiful blue eyes, and short blonde hair. This guy had the works. Slowly my hand slid lower, making up a little scene involving him in my mind. 

I started massaging my nine-inch cock. Already feeling it springing to life. I slowly stroked it up and down, envisioning his hand on my huge cock. I reached down with my other hand and started pulling at my balls. I moaned aloud really starting to get into it when I heard a noise from near by. It didn't seem like one of those normal noises either. 

So much to my dismay I rose from the blanket, locating my shorts, which did nothing to hide my position. I looked around a little, seeing nothing, so I assumed it was just my imagination. I ran my fingers threw my hair and decided to get back to, shall we say, the task at hand. Even more turned on then before, simply because I had been unexpectedly interrupted, I fisted my cock hard. Using my free hand to play with my balls and sometimes letting a finger venture around the ring of my ass. 

Then I heard it again. It sounded like a stick cracking and it was closer this time. I whipped my head around to find my best friend standing there with his dick in his hand, oozing precum, and without even a glance from me my cock erupted. I'd been waiting for a chance like this and now it was here…

I rose from the blanket, wiping away the cum on my stomach at the same time. He took two steps and had his tongue in my mouth, with a hand on my ass before I knew what happened. Still neither of us said anything as I stripped him between kisses. 

Completely naked he took my hand, leading me to the blanket. He lay on top of me so he could rub his rock hard cock against my own. Slowly he worked his way down, stopping to bite my nipples, then continuing south. His biting was turning me on even more then I already was. Then as if he were reading my mind he got to my thighs and bit them. Without hesitation he licked the precum from the head of my penis. 

He took just the head in his mouth sucking hard, stopping just before I orgasmed. I was moaning uncontrollably as he took my entire nine inches into his mouth, deep throating me. Using one hand he played with my balls, the same as I had. With the other he was stroking himself furiously. Noticing this I pulled him around into a 69, immediately taking him into my mouth. I could tell he was very close to coming because he began fucking my mouth very quickly. He moaned loudly around my cock as I felt the first stream hit my tongue. That was all it took and I started cumming. I swallowed every last drop while he wound up with a bit on his cheek. 

He rolled off of me and came to lay, panting, next to me. With his fingers he wiped the cum from his face and sucked it off of them. Just the sight of this had me hard once again. I bit at his neck while he still lay there breathing heavily. I worked my hand over his chest and downward. He quickly sprang to life. His member slapping against his stomach almost immediately. 

I rubbed him until I saw little droplets of precum start to form on the tip. I wiped it away with my finger and placed it at his asshole, using it as a lubricant. I rubbed it around then quickly pushed my finger inside him. He groaned and pushed himself down on my hand. I went in and out slowly, adding two more fingers. 

For the first time he spoke. It was all he said and it was barely above a whisper. "Please fuck me. I need to feel you."

I removed my hand and turned him over all in one try. He was on all fours waving his ass at me waiting. I couldn't contain myself any longer, no matter how much kneeling behind him was the best moment of my life. That was until I felt the head of my cock enter him. I pushed all the way in and pulled almost all the way back out. We both moaned deep in our throats and I couldn't help myself, I grabbed his hips and started slamming in and out of him. Making him meet my thrusts. You could hear my balls slapping his and our hips meeting every time. I reached around and started stroking his cock, matching my thrusts. Hearing him moaning was all it took and I went into the most intense orgasm I've ever had. I pushed deep inside of him. Feeling me cum inside him, he came all over the blanket. He rolled over and I lay down next to him, giving him a kiss. 

Nothing has been the same since…