 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

So I really shouldn't be sharing this story but keeping it secret is just too much pressure. I need to release it. Anyway I guess I'll describe myself a little before getting into the event. I've always considered myself as a normal straight boy, not necessarily the most manly but defiantly not gay. I've always had a quite slender figure and a pretty soft face. My skin has always been very pale and naturally smooth, I have the strange feature of a completely hairless body. I've never had any concerns about my body but in school I was bullied quite badly because of it. The other guys would always joke that shaved my body every night and said I looked more like a girl than a boy. Although my shoulder length hazel hair didn't do much to help my position. I all started off pretty tame but over time their insults grew fiercer and shifted into more physical attacks.

That's where Mike comes in. My older brother is almost nothing like me, at least physically. He was built like a tank, thick muscly arms and a broad tanned chest. He's like ten years older than me and works at a prestigious gym as an instructor. Anyway he's always been really protective of me and when to bulling got worse he was there to help. He beat up the worst offenders and ever since then my life really picked up. I joined the swim team and even won a few championships. It really helped with my confined and I built up the courage to ask out a cute shy girl from class. She was just my type, we were perfect for each other and I even ended up losing my virginity with her. Things were going great, we finished school and planned on going to the same college. We started to rent a place together and we were happy, until she found my dildo.

So, I'm definitely straight but since I was young I've been using thing on my butt. It just felt really nice and I'd sort of made a habit of it. When I moved out of my parents house to live with my girlfriend I decided it was finally time to buy a real toy, and so I did. It was a big, thick nine incher and I loved to take it about once a month. Anyway when she found it, she flipped. She kept yelling at me telling me she had always known I was gay and that she was stupid for being with me. I tried to explain to her, that it was just for fun and that I really loved her but she wouldn't listen. She was crying when she broke up with me.

I packed all my belongings and left. When she saw me packing the dildo she had burst into tears again. I didn't know where to turn. I couldn't call my parents, it was all too embarrassing thinking about explaining to them why I needed to come home. So I decided to call Mike. I told him that we had broken up, though not why, and that I really needed a place to stay. He was very sympathetic and immediately offered to put me up in his spare room.

Mike had married his long term girlfriend, Emma, about three months ago and they had thankfully moved into a house pretty close to my collage.

And that's how I found myself on my brother's doorstep, with all my possessions in two scruffy bags, waiting for the door to open. It was Emma who answered. She looked as beautiful as ever. Her small body and cute face. When we first met we had joked that we could be twins. She was so sweet, I could see the concern in her eyes as she saw who I was.

"Mike told me what happened, come her."

She embarrassed me tightly and started to pat my back lightly. We went inside and sat on their coach. She was really kind, chatting with me, taking my mind off my current situation. I always enjoyed talking with Emma and she seemed really not to mind me staying with them. I asked where my brother was and she explained he was still at work, he'd be home soon though. We talked for a little while longer and she offered to let me choose what I wanted for dinner. After everything she was doing for me I felt to embarrassed answer. She laughed at my awkwardness and said she would go out and get something nice, she was going to go out anyway so it wouldn't be any trouble.

While she was gone I decided to take my things up to the guest room. It was nice, actually larger than one I had just been kicked out of. I dumped my bags and stripped naked. There was an ensuite shower and I decided to take advantage of it. The shower was amazing and I could feel my all my worries wash away. It looked like this might actually have been the best thing to have happened to me, though at the time I still had some lingering feelings for my ex. It was in the shower, as the warm water ran down my back that I decided I was going to fuck myself that night. It was always a good stress reliever and as soon as the thought came into my mind I was fixated on the thought of my dildo plunging into me. I cleaned my butt in preparation and exited the shower. I caught a quick glance at my self in the mirror and posed playfully. I really did like my twinky body and was getting really horny thinking about anal.

Forcing the thought to the side, I left the guest room and started to explore the house. With no one else home I had no concerns walking around nude, it just felt natural. I checked some of the rooms quickly until I stumbled into Mike and Emma's room. There were clothes strewn all over the bed and I was reminded how messy Mike could be. I saw one of his red hoodies on the bed, I took it in my arms and hugged it. I could smell him on it and I suddenly felt at home. I don't know why but I pulled it over my naked body and zipped up the front. It was nice, like Mike was hugging me and I was protected. I pulled up the hood and stood there for a while, my back to the door.

"There you are," a voice from behind caught me of guard. It was Mike, he must have just come home. Part of me wanted to turn and see him but I hesitated.

"Is my little bro here yet?" he asked as he came up behind me. 

I shrugged, too sacred to speak or turn round. What would he think? Me walking round his house, naked, then trying on his clothes. He might kick me out just like my girlfriend.

I slowly started to shake my head.

"I'm sure he'll be here soon. Huh, you really do like wearing my clothes don't you?"

I was too scared to move, standing there in nothing but my brother's hoodie with my butt peaking out from the bottom.

"Uh-huh," I finally replied, in the most girlie voice I could manage.

My body tensed as he came closer. A strong hand groped my left cheek and he followed it up with a sharp spank. I jumped at the tingling pain in my butt and bit my lower lip.

"God, I love your perky ass," he muttered to himself.

My mind was racing as worried what I should do, but the course was already plotted and there was no way I was getting out without embarrassment.

"Hm I could just fuck you right here and now," he said, his voice filled with lust.

I kept my face away from him and driven by incredible horniness, stuck my butt further out towards him.

"Wait, you really want to do it? Like now?" he asked, clearly surprised by my offer.

"Yes," I whisper on instinct. I then froze in terror as I realised I had forgotten to efeminze my voice. Thankfully he didn't seem to notice, too caught up in the moment. I wiggled my butt and felt him grab both cheeks firmly. I kept my thighs clenched tight so to hide my rapidly growing penis as he spread my cheeks.

"Oh I love your ass, it really gets me hard." "I'd love to fuck it."

My eyes widened at the request and I could feel his presence so close behind me.

"Do it," I hissed.

"Really?!"

I shut my eyes tight and nodded furiously.

I heard him unbuckled his belt, then unzip his jeans and let them fall to the floor. 

"I'm not one to pass up anal."

What was I doing? I should stop him, reveal myself a play it off a joke. He might find it funny. The ability to reason left me as I felt the head of his cock press against my hole. He pushed harder and I felt as his swollen head open me up. My toes curled and I moaned reflexively.

"Yeah, you like that. Taking it easier that usual."

I couldn't help but feel happy, knowing I could take him better than his wife. That thought was pushed out as he started to pump me. He started slowly but quickly picked up his pace. I pushed back against his thrusts, feeling the warmth growing in my prostate. I felt precum run down my thigh as kept ramming from behind. Why did it feel so good? Better than usual, better than the dildo.

Is this what she felt when he was fucking Emma? I felt a sudden pang of jealousy that I quickly reconciled with the fact that, currently he was fuck me and not her. Adding to that, the noises he was making told me he was enjoying this as much as I was. I think it was then that I decided that I had to make him mine and mine alone.

My legs had stated to shiver with the pleasure and my eyes rolled back in their sockets. Drool trickeld off the end of my protruding tongue and I collapsed forward on to bed but he wouldn't let me get away. Mike reached out and grabbed my arms back, pulling me up to my feet again. It felt even better as he rammed me harder in the new position. My mind was melting away. I wanted to touch my self but he still had both my arms held back. I needed to cum. I saw my cock bouncing wildly and more precum flowing in an unbroken stream down to the floor.

The rest of our first time was a bit of a blur, I don't know how long we fucked. I only remember the pleasure building inside me as with each thrust he sent waves ecstasy throughout my body. Then it came, the pleasure reaching a peak and I started to cum. My mouth fell open in a moan as my hole clenched around his girth. I heard him grunt as he too came. He kept pumping and I felt my butt squeeze all the cum out of his cock. It seemed to last for eternity, like I was never going to stop cumming. Unfortunately it did and he pulled out of me, let go of me and I fell to my hands and knees panting for breath. He was saying something but my orgasm addled brain couldn't make out a word of it. I new that near the end, the noises I was making as he came inside me, he must have known it was me. I waited there as I regained my mind and slowly started to shrink in the shame of it all. Then he spoke, half in a daze, "you really are amazing, babe."

That sent me over the edge. I turned around and buried myself into his crotch, keeping the hood coving my head. He was still hard. It was larger than I had expected and the first thought I had was how it could have fit inside me. Well that wasn't quite the first thought. I wanted to suck him, to taste and smell him then have that beautiful cock explode in my mouth. I had sucked on my dildo before, but always under the pretence of lubing it up, I'd never thought of sucking a real penis though. But there, inches from my face and knowing what this thing had done to my body, I knew what I wanted. 

My arms pressed against him eagerly as I took his balls into my mouth.

"Wow. You sure you want to do that? Seeing as where it's been,"

"Uh-huh," I sounded out as best I could with my mouth full. What a stupid question. I let go of his balls, took a deep gasp of air then dove onto his cock. I could taste myself mixing with the flavour of his cum and loved the reminder of our shared intimacy. I listened as he moaned and shivered with joy, knowing that I was making my brother feel good.

Suddenly I felt his hand begin to pull at the back of the hood. I swiped his hand away, keeping him in my mouth.

"A little shy huh? Don't want be to see how much of a whore you've become?"

I made another moan around the head of his cock and felt him relish the sensation.

"Well you don't hear me complaining."

He placed his hands on the back of my head and guided my pace to match his thrusting. I made sure to run my tongue over every inch of his warm head and probe at his dick hole.

I felt him tense but was still surprised when my mouth was filled with his hot cum. Needless to say I swallowed without a moments thought. I pulled him out and kissed the head playfully.

"Oh Emma," he moaned.

The name brought me back to reality and away from the fantasy. I could feel my face flush and I quickly got to my feet. I kept my back to him as I dainty skipped towards the door, painfully away of my exposed lower half and his cum leaking out of me. He was so surprised he didn't even call after me.