 Author's note: This is a true story I posted on another site, but I think it would be a good addition to here. Enjoy!


One Saturday morning when I was in my early 20's, I headed out to the local adult bookstore. They had a wonderful video arcade, lots of glory holes and lots of guys constantly. The place seldom had less than 8 or 9 guys, and I turn into a cock-hungry whore every time I went there.

After sampling the meat available for a bit, I went back to the front counter to buy more tokens. On my way back in, my eyes didn't adjust fast enough from the brightly lit store to the dark arcade, and I bumped into someone. My eyes adjusted as I apologized, and I sized him up.

I sort of stood by the door to see if he was following me, and sure enough he was. He didn't go into the next booth like I thought he would. Instead, he followed me into mine. I dropped a couple of tokens and he followed suit and dropped a few more. I sat down on the bench in the booth, which put my face right at his crotch level. He quickly unzipped his pants and pulled that "sizable" lump out. It was nice...6 or 7 inches and a big head.

I took him in my mouth quickly. He didn't waste any time, pumping his cock into my mouth to match my cock sucking. The guy wanted to get off quickly, and I was happy to oblige. He fucked and I sucked, and pretty soon his cum erupted out of his cock and down my throat.

When I'm turned on, I can't get enough. Even though his cock was shrinking, I kept swallowing and sucking him, working my mouth up and down his shaft. He let me keep going for a minute, then pulled his cock out of my mouth. He pointed to the glory hole, which had another cock sticking through it, and told me that I had another customer.

I thought he would leave the booth, but he sat down on the bench while I dropped to my knees in front of the glory hole. While I serviced the new cock, he rubbed my neck and shoulders and kept telling me things like "Yeah, suck that cock...take him deep...lick his cockhead." I was getting even more turned on by both the directions and we having an audience, and my mouth worked over the strange cock with gusto. In a few minutes, I was rewarded by another mouthful of cum. He stroked himself while I swallowed it all, and I gladly did.

After the new cock pulled back out of the glory hole, he told me that he was a real estate agent and had to show a house to a friend. He said the friend and him played on occasion, and asked me if I would be interested in joining them. I was in heat, and "no" wasn't in my vocabulary. He helped me to my feet, and we walked out of the video store.

I followed him to a really nice house in the woods, next to a river. Another car was there, and we pulled in behind it. Another man, maybe late 20's, was waiting by the door. He looked at me with a bit of surprise until the real estate agent said that I had come along for the party.

He unlocked and opened the door, then we walked in. It was a really nice house, but empty. After the door was closed, he and his friend started to undress. Both of them had fairly nice bodies. The real estate agent was heavyset, but there were muscles that his clothes hid. The other man wasn't buff, but you could tell he worked out. His hair was very short, and when I asked him about it he said he was in the Air Force.

The real estate guy started acting like a director in a porn movie. He told the Air Force guy to kneel down, and me to get down on my hands and knees. In that position, the Air Force guy's cock was right in my face, and I wasted no time getting it into my mouth.

The real estate guy stood next to us, gave us directions while stroking his own cock. He had me suck for a while, then told me to lick the Air Force guy's balls, then go back and take his cock in my mouth again. I'd hear "deeper", and take the cock in my mouth all the way to the back of my throat, then he'd say "work his cockhead" and I'd pull back so that just the head was between my lips.

The Air Force guy was ready to burst and I was ready to make him cum, but the real estate agent asked me if I wanted it in my ass. I reluctantly let the cock in my mouth slide out, then scooted around to present my ass to the cock I'd been worshipping.

The Air Force guy didn't waste any time lining his cock up against my asshole. His cock was really wet from my mouth, and it slowly slid into me. I moaned (yes, I'm a loud fuck) and started pumping my ass back onto his cock. He grabbed my hips tighter and picked up the pace. He kept fucking my ass faster and faster, and I knew he was close.

The real estate agent told us to stop, and for the Air Force guy to lie on his back. We both reluctantly repositioned ourselves, and I lined his cock back up with my asshole, and slammed myself onto him.

I like riding cock; usually the guy I'm riding has his hands free to play with my nipples (which I like, a lot), and I get to set the tempo. I started a quick, steady grinding onto his cock, and I could see in his eyes that he was very, very close.

I looked up at the real estate agent standing over us, and he was really stroking his cock fast. Just then, the Air Force guy grabbed my hips and started pounding his cock up into my ass. I couldn't feel him cum, but I could tell he was spurting inside me. Then as my ass was getting filled with cum, the real estate agent grabbed my head and shoved his already-spurting cock into my mouth. His first spurt caught me across my nose and check, but the rest went into my mouth and down my throat. I was getting creamed at both ends at the same time, and loving every second of it.

Eventually, both of them subsided. The real estate agent pulled his cock out of my mouth and sat down, weak kneed, on the floor next to us. I worked my ass on the Air Force guy's cock until it shrank, softened, and popped out of my asshole accompanied by a flood of cum. I rolled off him, lay on the floor next to him, and caught my breath.

The unfortunate part was that I had cum on my face, my lips, and squishing out of my ass to coat my ass cheeks -- and the water had been turned off in the house. We got dressed, cleaning up as best we could.

On the way out, the real estate agent told me that he was married, and the only place he could play was at the houses he was selling. He dealt with higher-end houses, and over the next few months, I saw the inside of quite a few of them.