 It was the last Friday of the annual motorcycle rally and I was finally headed over to it after an agonizing week at work wishing I was already there.

In previous years I have been going to this bike rally on Wednesday morning and staying until Sunday morning before heading for home. This year however, I was stuck at work with added responsibilities and could not leave until late Friday afternoon. And with the rally drawing to a close on Saturday night I was a little anxious to get on the road as soon as possible on Friday. Although, if anything could go wrong, it surely did go wrong.

I finally left town around 4 PM and headed east as if on a mission. And I guess I was indeed on a mission, if not known to me at the time. I arrived at the time I had estimated I would and searched for the motel I had made reservations at to settle in before getting started with all the revelry that I figured would be abundant at a function such as this.

I was told at the check in that there was no record of my reservation and there were no accommodations for me that evening. Being taken aback, I was told of an alternative solution if I didn't mind staying at a place that catered to a somewhat different clientele. With it becoming quite late and few options available I agreed to try this place. After waiting for the desk clerk to make the arrangements I was finally given directions to a somewhat remote Bed and Breakfast. 

About 9:00 PM I arrived at the Bed and Breakfast, set in a gorgeous valley deep within the hills and very secluded. I was instantly welcomed as I stepped off of my motorcycle and offered dinner.

Having eaten on my way there I declined but did accept a drink and was introduced to the other guests. I found it somewhat strange that all of the guests were male and the décor was somewhat feminine. I just ignored these things since I was somewhat tired after the long ride.

I was eventually shown to a room and told that the hot tub was hot and ready for anyone that wanted to sit in it. However the rules were that no clothes were allowed in the hot tub. Being somewhat of an exhibitionist I readily agreed to join in with the hot tub.

As I sat in the hot tub with 3 other men I suddenly felt a hand on my thigh. I had already had a few drinks in the lounge so I was not very responsive to my normal instincts and did not make any move to discourage the advances that were being made towards me at he time. It was not long before I felt a hand caressing my quickly hardening cock. I was thinking that, this is not right, I am not gay, why, am I getting hard as this guy is playing with me. I tried to move away from him but only found another hand reaching for my hard cock from the other side as I did! 

I decided to just relax and let them do what they were doing as it felt good and hopefully they would get tired of this since I was not reciprocating. This plan actually backfired as they took my passiveness to indicate that I wanted to become their play toy. As I struggled with them I realized that I had waited too long to protest. They told me that they were going to teach me not to be a cock tease and would be fucking my mouth and ass all night long as punishment.

I was stripped, placed onto a bed and tied down face down to, await whatever might happen. After what seemed to be an eternity I finally felt the bed I was on, begin to move as another person was getting on it with me. I was somewhat apprehensive as I was naked, tied in a spread eagle position and extremely vulnerable. After what seemed like forever, I felt whoever had climbed onto the bed move above me and slap my face with his hardening cock. He was calling me names as he slapped my face with his cock and pressed it against my lips. "Suck it bitch" he told me. I had no choice and did as he said. As my mouth was being fucked I felt another person begin to lube my asshole then a finger was forced into it. As this person fingered my asshole he was telling the other guy how tight it was and how he was going to really enjoy fucking me. Then he pulled out his finger and I could feel the head of his cock begin to enter me. It felt like I was being split in two as he pushed it inside of  me. He held still for a second to let my asshole get accustomed to the feeling of his hard cock before beginning to pump the entire cock in and out in a slow rhythm. This did not last long however as he soon began to go faster and harder and then suddenly stopped and pulled my hips tight against him and began to shoot his hot cum deep inside my bowels before pulling out. Now the man fucking my face pulled his cock out of my mouth and got behind me to have his turn as well. I was still somewhat in a daze after just having my ass fucked and was not even aware of what he was doing until I felt the head of his somewhat bigger cock pop into my anus causing me to try to move away from it but unable to get away as he pushe it all the way in with one strong thrust. I moaned into the pillow as he began fucking me fast and hard. He was asking me if I liked it and when I did not answer he pulled my head up and told me that he knew I was liking this and after he was done he was going to leave my in this position and invite his other two guests to fuck me as well. All I could do was moan now as it was indeed beginning to feel good having his cock invading my ass. I was actually pushing back to meet his thrusts now when he reached underneath me and stroked my cock. I instantly shot my load as soon as he touched my hard cock and he laughed, saying, "I knew you liked this you little cock tease". Then he too shot his load of hot cum deep inside of me before pulling out to finish cumming over my ass and back. I laid my head back in the pillow and tried to just close my mind to all that had just happened when I heard the door opening and the two guys laughing and telling me to get some rest as the night was no where even close to being over for my ass fucking.

As I was beginning to dose off I again felt the bed begin to move as another man was climbing onto it. I the felt my ass being pulled up forcing me into a kneeling position again and then a hard cock was roughly shoved deep into me again. This man had a much larger and longer cock than the first two did and I screamed into the pillow as I felt like I was again being ripped in two. He just laughed and told me that I better get used to his cock as his friend with him was much bigger both longer and thicker. As he told me this my head was pulled up from the pillow and I was looking directly at the biggest cock I had ever seen. As I began to tell them I could not take anymore this cock was forced past my lips and right up against my throat. As the man behind me was fucking my ass the one in front of me began to get into the same rhythm and they both soon shot their loads together. One deep in my asshole and the other right down my throat.

The cock in my asshole soon began to soften and he pulled out of me, but the one in my mouth stayed there and this man was telling me to keep sucking as he wanted a turn at my ass now and I needed to keep him from getting soft before he got to it. Having no choice I did as told. After what seemed like an hour, although most likely only a few minutes, he pulled out of my mouth and moved around behind me. He slowly began to push his monstrous cock into me as I moaned in a combination of pain/pleasure. I had actually become a cock slut and was enjoying having my ass fucked by now. I was begging him to fuck me as he slowly moved in and out in a rocking motion. I then felt hands underneath me begin to stroke my now rock hard cock. I knew I could not take much more before I would lose my second load tonight while being ass fucked. Then the cock in my ass began to twitch and I could feel it begin to shoot its load of hot cum and just as it did I began to shoot my load all over the hand stroking it beneath me.

They then dressed, untied me and left me to fall asleep.

When I awoke the following morning, I quickly got dressed and left there as fast as I could. Not entirely understanding the feelings I was feeling about all that had happed to me the night before. But I am thinking that I just might return to that place for another visit soon.