 It was just the start of July and I was going to The Rainbow Factory Theatre for an audition to get into their summer scheme. Well I got on the bus, with my portable CD player, with my Janet Jackson CD pumping into my ears.

It was a fairly miserable day, and when I got off the bus it started to rain. It was raining lightly by the time I got to the entrance of the RFT. It was placed in a rather run-down part of the city and a dark and dingy old staircase would take you up to the Rainbow Factory. As I walked up the stairs it felt like a horror movie, dark staircase, raining heavily now, all alone etc. but as I got into the RFT I noticed that it was a fairly nice place.

So I walked over to a table and they gave me a sheet so I walked into another room and sat down and filled out my name, address, blah, blah, blah and then I gave the sheet back to the person behind the desk and then she gave me a number, 89, so I pinned it onto my jumper and went back into the other room.

About five minutes later a woman came in and told us that we had to make our way into another room, so we all walked into that room and sat in a circle. I noticed another boy, he was 18, and he had dark short hair, was wearing a navy blue jumper and black jeans and his skin tone was pale. His facial features were quite handsome too.

Through the rest of the afternoon we had to act, sing and dance until about 4:30 when we were allowed to go home. The next day we came back and were given a form to fill out about a residential trip we were going on to the Ulster Folk Museum for two nites and we had to fill the form out, get our parents to sign it etc. This residential was to happen in a week from this day.

For the residential we had to bring a sleeping bag, change of clothes and some lunch for the journey there. This was beginning to get good as now I had grown to like the guy with the pale skin and the navy sweater. Well he sat beside me on the coach ride there due to that there was no more seats. We talked a bit, but not much and we ate our lunch in peace. Then the rain started to pelt down on the coach as we pulled into the car park.

We got out and found out way to the place we were staying, there was four bedrooms with two beds in them and since there were only four girls and four boys this would go well nicely. We had to take our stuff into the room we'd stay in. They guy I fancied went into a room near the end and I followed quickly to get into that bedroom before anyone else. I asked if I could use the other bed, and he just said, "Sure," so I set my stuff down and then we went down to the main room, I was starting to get hard, thinking of him in his tite boxers at nite, with his probably toned body all smooth and white.

We had a talk about what we were gonna do over the few days we were here, we were gonna have to go on canoe trips, nite walks, river walks etc. and today we'd just get familiar with the place.

The was beating down for the rest of the afternoon and nite, which was all the better [lol] and so at ten we all went up to bed since we'd have to be up at six in the morning. I had been drifting off to sleep slowly for about thirty minutes when someone shook me gently, I moaned and turned over to see Carl standing there, in his tite white boxers and smooth body. He whispered, "Is it okay if I share your sleeping bag, mines fuckin' cold?"

I was too sleepy to think what he was saying I just mumbled "Sure," and he scrambled into my bed. I turned over so my back was to his chest, then he said, 

"Is it okay if I put my arms around you, to share body heat and that?" and I said;

"Yeah, of course" and his left hand ran, slowly, from my thighs to around the top of my ribs and it fastened there, I then brushed my hand up his arm and back down to his hand and left it there.

A few minutes later I felt him kiss my neck and I turned around and looked at him, then we kissed passionately for a few minutes while we rubbed each other's cocks until they were hard. Then I turned back and lowered my boxers, revealing my ass to him, then I felt him caress it, then he gently put his wet finger to my asshole and then plunged in, as I moaned in pleasure, "You ever done anything like this before?" he whispered gently into my ear as his finger went in and out of my opening.

I said, "No, you?" and he said he'd done it a few times, then he put another finger into my crack and I moaned more louder, then three, and finally, four, he then to them out and got out of bed. Then he pulled the sleeping bag off the bed and got onto it with his cock just centimetres away from my warm mouth. Then I opened my lips and licked his head, then I engorged his cock in my mouth and sucked, as his cock reached the back of my throat, I started to gag until I felt it go down y throat and I could my smell his sweet chest as it was against my nose and his ball sack was resting on my chin, then he slowly took his cock out of my mouth and then plunged it all back in, then he begun to face fuck me until his cock throbbed more violently and he shouted:

"Oh gawd, I'm gonna cum!!!" and then he shot a thick roped off cum down my throat, followed by another and another, until my mouth was so full the cum started to leak down my chin and onto my chest, when he'd stopped cumming he withdrew his cock and started to lick my cum coated chest and then he brought it up to my face and then kissed my, I still had a large portion of his cum in my mouth, so it felt good as the cum went between each of our hungry mouths. When we had swallowed it all we parted our mouths and he rolled me over.

"Are you ready for this?" he said hoarsely as he jerked his dripping cock, then a few drops of cum splattered on my ass cheeks and I replied;

"Yes," then I felt his wet hands part my ass cheeks and I felt his damp cockhead touch my ass crack, then slowly it went in, as the whole head went in I moaned very loudly and then he said,

"If your gonna be loud, moan into a pillow," so I put my head in the pillow and moaned again as his shaft started to widen me, his cock was probably about 8.5" and was about 2" thick. Then another inch penetrated my virgin ass, then another, I was moaning so loudly it didn't really matter if I had a pillow there or not. Then once I felt his cold balls against my ass I felt like I needed to take a shit, then his cock went out again, then in, but still slowly, then out and then after a few more strokes he started to fuck me harder and faster, while slapping my ass hard, then he started to moan too and then I felt his cock titen and then he shot another thick load up my ass, so powerful some of it shot back out and onto his thick thighs. He fucked me for another minute until his cock was soft and then he took it out. He crawled up beside me and told me to suck the last drops off cum out, and I did. Then when he lay on his back panting I ran off to the bathroom to take the biggest shit ever!