 This is the morning after and a warm-up for Mike and Jonah. Enjoy

*******************

I woke up to the feeling of something growing in my ass, it was pushing forward trying to burst through my inner ring. I smiled remembering that Mike fell asleep with his semi hard cock nestled between my asscheeks. I responded by moving my ass around a bit so he could get in further. He held me closer to his chest and purred a bit. I could tell that he was still half way asleep, because that was all he wanted to do.

I turned and faced him, "Not quite awake yet," I said kissing him.

"No, not really. I just wanted to make sure it wasn't a dream." He kissed me back.

We both drifted off again in each other's arms. I had my head on his chest and it felt wonderful. We heard the chime for the breakfast. Apparently, we slept for another two hours. We got out of bed, not really in a hurry, and made our way to the shower to clean up. We cleaned each other paying special attention to all the crevices and holes that needed cleaning. 

"You know something has occurred to me," I said, squeezing his cock, "We haven't had sex yet."

"You're right. That is something that will have to fix, isn't it," He said with a smile.

We dried each other and put on our loincloths to go to breakfast. We made our way to the breakfast area. A buffet style breakfast was setup so we could pick our own. Mike and I ate together. 

"Well what is next? I do not think that we are to stay together all the time. However, I do not want to separate." He said.

"I know. How about this, we go out and take part throughout the day. But at night we come together and spend it with each other."

"That sounds like a good idea. Tonight I plan on fucking your brains out."

"I plan on that too." I kissed him as we made our way to the milking area.

This time they had a paper for us to read while they milked us. I had my coffee cup, as I leaned over and read the paper. 

"Would you like us to have that warmed up for you?" the attendant asked.

"Yes that would be great, if you don't mind."

"No bother, one moment."

He came back and I was expecting it to be placed on the counter next to me. However, I felt my cock being immersed into a warm liquid and stroked gently. "We need to test it to make sure it's not too hot."

"It's just the right temperature." I said.

He then placed the coffee next to me and I took a sip. It tasted salty but good. He continued on stroking me. I came rapidly and with a shudder.

The milking had always made my legs wobbly and I needed to go lie down for a bit. I sipped my coffee watching the scenes play out at the pool. I was dozing off when Greg and Larry came up and sat down next to me.

"So how was it last night?" asked Larry.

"How was what?"

"You know. Mike's 14" cock?" Greg chimed in.

"Well in the room we just cleaned each other up. It was after the game that we 'enjoyed' one another."

"We saw that, both of you moaned really loudly. So much that the whole group noticed. We also saw you guys cum from over that distance."

"Have you guys tried the coffee? It's really good." I said sipping it.

"I bet." Said Greg as he rubbed my cock under the loincloth checking the hardness for me. Greg would always get me going. "Still too soon." He said after checking my cock. He then moved his forefinger to my ass and felt the hole. He then inserted the finger inside. 

"Still tight so you guys didn't fuck, but I can fix that."

He pushed his finger in further. I inhaled briefly as he went into me. I opened my mouth and Larry took that as .an invitation to kiss me, which I returned with my tongue exploring his mouth. Larry stood up and let the loincloth slip away; he stroked his cock for me and held it to my lips. I sucked it into my mouth and tasted him.

"Needs something," I mused, "coffee I think."

I took my coffee and dipped his cock into the warm liquid, "Oh my god! That is like a warm mouth. I almost shot right there." Larry said.

I sipped it, "Yup and just the right amount of pre-cum."

I took the rest of him into my mouth and he started pumping my face. Greg inserted another finger and moved both fingers in a circle to widen my ass. I moaned a bit with Larry's cock in my mouth it wasn't so loud. My cock did respond and rose up in the loincloth. 

"Now he's ready." Said Greg as he started stroking it.

Larry sped up his thrusting into my mouth and I pulled down on his balls, as I did not want him cumming too quickly. Greg jerked my cock and finger fucked me at the same time. The sensations I felt were almost overwhelming as I put a hand on the back of Greg's head; he applied more suction to my cock. My other hand made its way to Larry's ass and I gently inserted it into his ass. 

Larry moaned, "Oh yes, make me cum, Jonah!"

I made a circle motion on his prostate gland and pushed on it at the same time. He came with such a force in my mouth that most is it hit the back of my throat and slid down. I swallowed all that I could. Greg did the same for me and he felt me ready to shoot. He started sucking on the head of my cock as I shot into his warm mouth. I bucked my hips to get further into his mouth. I fell back into the chair when done.

"Greg, bring your cock up here. It's your turn to come." I said.

He stood up, Larry and I could see that he was ready to come. I grabbed his cock and pulled him into my mouth as Larry pulled on his balls. His black cock made a nice contrast in my hands and I could see his pre-cum coming out. 

"It's time, Greg, give us your cum."

I pulled on his cock harder, Larry placed his mouth over its head, and Greg threw his head back and came. Larry let some spill out of his mouth and it landed on my chest. His hips moved forward a few times and he then leaned down to kiss me and I returned it.

"That was great." Greg said.

"Now I think you're ready for Mike tonight." Larry chimed in with a smile.

"Yeah I think I am. I hope he and I will like it."

We all laid back and adjusted our loincloths. He dozed a little watching the pool as few people were hooking up. They were kissing, sucking each other without regard to who saw them.