 Damian was driving from Fremont to Pealsburg, his trusty truck eating the miles and chugging gas, the summer night warm and wind cool as it streamed into his single cab. In the dark of the night Damian had stopped on the side of the road and shucked his jeans off, driving the rest of the way naked, his hard cock against the steering wheel, like a third hand and his ripe nuts hanging over the edge of the seat swaying slightly, heavy with his weekly no bate load.

He was getting in bad shape, trying to focusing on the road while keeping his foot on the gas and rubbing his sensitive head with his spit slicked palm, the friction deliciously painful. His muskiness filled the cab and he felt the waves of nut rising in his balls. He fought the feeling telling himself the cum shot would be massive and so hot to watch, if he could only hold on a little longer.

He stopped playing with himself when he spotted a cop up ahead, easing off the gas and watching his speed. The cop was watching the other side of the road and he passed him quickly. He thought of what a cop might do If he got pulled over buck naked. He decided to pull over the next rest area and spray his load at leisure.

The rest area came up out of nowhere and Damian swerved to get on the exit. A jeep with terrible parking was the only car. Damian hoped they would leave quickly so he could sit in the handicap stall, load up some big black cock porn and stroke his cock to a rope spraying frenzy. He saw a figure come out of the building and get into the jeep, as he parked the jeep blinked its high beams and revved off into the night.

Damian looked around the deserted rest area and a nasty plan began to hatch in his mind. Damian shut his truck off and examined the highway. Not a single car zoomed by. He folded his pants and stuck them into his backpack, next to his Azzshredder. A coke can thick realistic dildo, ten inches in length with a suction pad at the bottom. Naked except his shirt he jumped down from his truck and felt the cool night caress his swinging nuts. He locked his truck and walked toward the small building that housed Both male and female bathrooms.

He selected the mens and walked in, his cock hard already at the feeling of being exposed. He washed his hands and locked himself in the handicap stall, taking out his toys. He felt incredibly nasty and he took off his shirt and bundled it up, then his shoes and socks. Now completely naked he padded over and pissed in the toilet. His stream came out hot and strong. He flexed his Kegels, spraying urine in high arcs. He painted the walls and wished he could cum that same amount. 

He did not bother to flush and instead focused on setting his massive dildo in front of the toilet, allowing him to reach behind and steady himself. He lubed the Azzshredder and sopped some into his crack, his hole pulsing with anticipation. Damian’s cock was flaccid and hanging at about eight inches, ribbed and thick. Its brown head leaking pre cum.

Hovering over the black veined silicon toy, Damian adjusted his stance and then aimed the helmet head at his hole, the thick toy opened him and he adjusted his stance on his haunches. Slowly Damian sinked down, he did not stop until he felt the balls on the dildo touch his ass. His dick hung limp and it flapped with every movement he made. Damian was lightheaded with lust, the thought of fucking himself in a dirty bathroom In the middle of nowhere got him feeling so slutty. He began to ride the black cock in earnest, slapping his trembling cheeks on the dirty tiled floor. At the angle he was, his prostate was taking the brunt of the attack and cum dribbled out of his dark cock slit. He caught it with one hand and added it to his ass crack, he was so lost in his pleasure he did not hear the bathroom door open. It was only when a knock sounded on his stall door that he froze and his heart knocked in his throat. He tried to calm his voice.

“Its busy.”

“Sounds busy.” 

Damian heard a squawk of s radio and he felt dread wash over him. A cop.

“I need you to open this door and stand with your hands on your head.”

With trembling legs Damian unstuck himself from the massive dildo and debated whether or not to put on some clothes. His hairy patch above his cock did little to hide the thick sausage hanging down oozing pre cum like a leaky hose, or the smooth orbs distended down to his knees, heavy with ounces of thick cum.

He unlatched the door and stood with his hands on his head.

The door swung open and a black officer stood there with his hand on his hip. He straightened up and smiled at Damian. 

“Damn boy, having fun?”

Damian was so shocked he didn’t respond.

“On your knees fat boy!”

Damian obeyed. The cop, unholstered his gun with one hand and undid his tan slacks with the other, he fought with the zipper, pushing his pants down finally, empty gun belt and flashlight thudding to the ground.

“You like cocks like that? Hm?”

Damian’s shock was now turning to a sense of unbelievable luck.

He nodded slowly and the cop pulled his briefs down to expose a thick circumcised cock growing bigger and bigger. The cock stroked it and stepped closer to Damian.

“Fuck! cant believe my luck tonight!” He said suddenly.

Neither can I thought Damian.

The cop jacked his swelling cock in his hand, watching Damian kneel on the dirty tiles.

“I want you to sit back on that fuck toy, ride it real nasty while you suck me off at the same time.”

Damian nodded and stood up to position himself over his dildo.

The cop shuffled forward and got up close to Damian’s face, he his waved his gun loosely at him.

“Don’t even think about using teeth.”

Damian took the thick hot man meat and licked a drop of cloudy goodness off the tip, sinking down on his toy as he took the tip of the cops cock in his mouth.

He tasted sweat and pre cum and his spongy head swelled and turned rough. He gagged on the cock, riding and sucking.

Damian reached down to jack his own limp self and he felt the barrel of the gun on his temple.

“You don’t get to cum until I say so.”

Damian coughed and spit on the hard flesh above him, shaking as he rode his Azzshredder. The cop began to use his throat as a hole, fucking him breathless. He would pull out and slap his heavy meat on Damian’s face. Then resume the drool dripping rodeo.

Damian felt the cop tense and his cock hardened slightly, his nuts rose and he began spraying hot cum into Damian’s hungry mouth. 

“Arrhhhhgggg, fuckkkk.”

The cop did not slow down he kept fucking his mouth. Cum spilling out and over Damian’s fat man tits. Damian ground his hole on his dildo and his flaccid cock shot a weak puddle of dirty cum. The cop withdrew his hard cock and stroked it watching Damian lick his lips.

The cop took his radio.

“This is Sherriff Mcneal. I need a 1078 at the Arena rest stop. Send Rhodes, he’s equipped. Over.”

Damian began to wonder what a 1078 was when he saw Sherriff Mcneal begin to unbutton his shirt.