 Following our Sunday afternoon session - big, burly, hairy man-next-door Clive and I - we composed ourselves and awaited the arrival of his friends. As we ate ham sandwiches and drank tea, Clive began to set the scene.

"So there's Harry and Bruce. Harry's a bank manager, tall, thick-set, smooth skin. Quite dominant when he gets going. Bruce is short and chubby and very hairy. I mean like a gorilla. He likes to top first and then get fucked."

I liked the matter-of-fact way Clive did this, as if he was describing his friends' different styles as darts players.

"As I understand it,' he continued, "you want me to fuck you while they watch."

"Yes," I said quietly. I had never had a group and was trying to imagine the mechanics of it. "Then we'll see what happens."

"I know what they're going to want," he said.

"What?"

"They're both going to want to have you."

This sent a wave of giddy excitement through me, imagining myself being used by three men.

"One at a time," I said. "Separate rooms."

"Why?"

"So I can concentrate on each individual case," I said.

"Okay, whatever you like," Clive said. "You want to try some stuff on?"

I had suggested earlier that I might wear a dress, just to add to the spectacle or something. I didn't know. I just wanted to do that.

Clive led me into the spare bedroom and opened a big white wardrobe.

"My wife was quite a big woman," he explained. "Some of these should fit you." He left me alone to browse, and I locked the door after him and undressed. Opening a drawer I was thrilled to find female underwear.

I decided against a thong, as tempting as it was, with the thought that the string had been up someone else's crack. I was middle-aged and a bit out of condition, so I wasn't going to go for the full-on drag queen look. I was never going to look feminine. But I was going to give these men the time of their lives and the experience of rummaging around my fem-clad body until they found what they were looking for.

I chose a pair of black lacy panties that had room to accommodate my cock and balls. Beside the knickers were some bras and I wondered if my ageing, sagging chest would have enough bulk to take one of them on. Only if Clive's bulky wife had been disproportionate in that department. I took one out and saw it was enormous, but as I put it back I found a white one that might have been a sports bra, designed not to show breasts off but to keep them in check.

I tried it on and the cups were okay for me but of course I couldn't do it up. I turned it around and hooked the clasps in front of my chest, then manhandled the thing into position. I felt like such a tart, and it was a fantastic feeling.

Now, the dress. There was a short sort of party dress, a glittery silver number. It hugged me around the middle and as I looked at myself in the mirror I knew it was all wrong. Too tight, bulging and unattractive. Meant for a real woman and one more slender than me.

I pulled it off carefully and hung it back up. Then I found what looked like a beach dress: a cheap, colourful, one-size-fits-all thing with a random rainbow effect. It slid over my head and down my back easily and when I looked in the mirror I knew this was the one. Knee length, loose, swirly, just the thing to be groped around in and flipped up or cast aside as some hungry man maneouvred me into position.

Shoes? No chance. That was one area where I wasn't going to have any success. I would go barefoot, in keeping with the dress.

Wig? Makeup? Again, I was never going to look feminine and I had no experience of applying that stuff. Maybe just some lipstick. I found a bold crimson one and thought of the lips that had worn it down to a chisel. I applied it hesitantly and I looked okay. Maybe I was more feminine than I thought.

My arsehole reminded me that I had already received one erect penis that afternoon, so at least one man found me attractive enough to fuck.

The doorbell rang and I heard voices as Clive opened it and his guests entered the house.

I sat on the toilet and peed, scooping the skirt up and feeling more than a little womanly. Then Clive knocked on the door and I said,

"Coming."

I walked self-consciously into the lounge to find Harry and Bruce sitting together on the settee. I imagined the love-making smells of Clive and me still in the air.

"This is Sophie," Clive announced.

"Steve," said nervously. "But yes, Sophie."

We made awkward conversation and drank white wine, me dabbing with a tissue at the rim of the glass as the lipstick smeared it.

Silence fell.

"So," said Bruce. "Shall we adjourn to the bedroom?" he ushered me in and the others followed. Clive took me roughly in his arms and I was grateful as the pretence ended and we got down to business. I put my arms around his neck as he kissed me and I felt his buttocks and then brought my hand around to his bulge. My desire for his big, strong body overtook me as he slid his hand under the dress and felt my cock and balls.

I automatically dropped to my knees and undid his belt and trousers and pulled his underpants down. Barefoot as I was, he stepped out of them and I took his cock in my hand. It was different this time, because this was now a cock that had been up my arse. We had showered afterwards but I still fancied I could detect a trace of myself on it as I slipped it into my mouth.

Watched attentively by two men who were no doubt fantasizing about doing me later, I sucked Clive's cock like a submissive woman, doing it mainly because he wanted me to, but loving it myself. The head felt so big and smooth and the fact that this stout stalk sprouted from such a big, masculine body suddenly overwhelmed me.

I pushed Clive back onto the bed and removed my panties. Clive grabbed me by the shoulders and swung me onto my back. I was still wearing the dress and bra as he pulled my legs up and smeared cream into my hole. And then with just a little resistance my anus welcomed his cock into my darkness.

Clive rode me like as if I was a crab, my legs wrapped around him as he pummeled my insides. He took only seconds to cum, and when he did, he pulled out so his spunk flew up into my navel and ran down my skin.

"Fuck, yes," he said. "Fuck, that was good."

He wiped himself and me up and then without a word he and Bruce left the room.

I was alone with Harry, and a thrill tinged with fear rippled through me as his eyes pierced mine while he undressed. His body was hairless except for the pubic hair I had been hoping would be there. It excited me, sparse and pale but decorating his manhood, announcing that here came a cock. And that cock was long and slender, like him.

"Suck my cock," he ordered, kneeling astride me. He tasted different and the fact that there was a difference stirred me in itself, reminding me that this was the second cock I had tasted in a matter of minutes. His was saltier, more natural. He must have showered hours ago and maybe just rinsed himself before leaving the house. I licked his dangling balls and sucked his seamed tunnel, through which a special delivery would soon be coming with my name on it.

Then he changed position and crouched over my face, his arse over my mouth.

"Lick my arse, Sophie," he said. I didn't need to be asked, I fact, but I loved hearing the words, the command, and I licked his arsehole like the slag I was. It was smooth, dry and aromatic in a savoury way.

"You like that, don't you?" he said encouragingly.

"I love licking your arse," I admitted.

"Wank me at the same time," he said flatly and I took his cock in my hand, my thumb brushing my forehead as I serviced this man.

"Okay," Harry said eventually. "On your knees."

My hole was still slick from Clive's lube and a little trace of his cum. Harry slid my dress up over my back and climbed onto me. His long, thin dick entered me like a snake up a drainpipe and he touched my innards, further than I had ever felt before. He pounded me and I was beginning to feel a bit bruised up there, not being accustomed to being buggered three times in one day.

It was a beautiful feeling, though, this loss of control, this submission to the animal desires and actions of others.

Harry, too, pulled out as he came, his spunk shooting up my back as he grunted and sighed, and then he ran the tip of his exhausted cock up and down my crack.

Without a word he left the room, to be replaced by Bruce. Short, stocky, dark-haired Bruce was naked as he entered, his big, fat cock staring proudly from a forest of black hair. I was entranced. I wanted to suck that cock and lick his ass and swallow his spunk.

"Take your clothes off, please," he said politely. I heaved the dress over my head and he nodded at the bra. "That too."

I sat on the bed naked, aware of my unwanted, unmasculine tits, when Bruce flung himself at me and sucked my nipples furiously. He was sucking them as if I were a woman with a prized rack, licking and biting and driving me wild in a way I had never expected.

"I'm not going to fuck you," he whispered in my ear. "Not yet anyway. Maybe later."

"I would like that," I said involuntarily, but having let it out, I compounded the offence with some blatant submissive talk.

"I want your hairy fucking body all over me. I want to suck your penis."

"My penis?" he said, amused.

"Your penis," I repeated. "Your male sex organ that is filled with blood because you want to have sex with me."

"I'm going to cum in your mouth," he said seriously.

"Oh shit yes," I replied, wrapping my arms around him, behind his accommodating back, as I plunged down and took him in my mouth. There was an aura of power about him. He wasn't a friendly old uncle like Clive, nor an assertive, arrogant stud like Harry. Bruce was a testosterone package waiting to explode and I wanted to suck every last trace of his spunk from his heavy, furry balls. I wanked him clumsily.

"I'll do it," he said. "Lie on your back."

I complied and he crouched over me and masturbated while I adored the hair on his balls and crotch.

"I want to lick your ass later," I said.

"Any time," he promised as my fingers trailed through his thrillingly hairy, hot, sweaty crack. "Now you can swallow my spunk."

And with that, Bruce pushed his penis into my expectant mouth and unleashed a torrent of semen which I gulped and swallowed and savoured until his spasming body had expelled all it had.

I lay beside Bruce with my hand between his legs, my fingertips in his crack and we dozed until the door opened and Clive poked his head in.

"Nice to see you two getting along so well," he said.