 I was surprised that I was invited to the work cabin. I have only been working at the company for 2 years now and to get an invite to a company retreat this early in a career is a rare thing. It was in a cabin that was very secluded and surrounded by giant sequoias. I found the entrance and a valet came out and took the keys to park the car.

"Your bags will be brought to your room. Please check in at the desk and get your room assignment. Welcome to the retreat and if you need anything do not hesitate to ask." 

"Thank you." I said as I walked into the entrance. 

I made my way in and found the desk. There was a young man working on a computer at the reservations desk. His eyes found me walking up to the desk.

"Welcome sir, how may I help you?" he asked.

"I hope so." I smiled and gave my name.

"Here is your room key and a list of activities for you."

I made my way to my room to lie down and relax a bit. The room was huge. I walked in and surveyed the area; the bed looked like it could sleep three people and the shower had two showerheads in an open design. I made my way to the bed and sat down reading the list of activities. There were some rules as well, quests were expected to shower in the morning and wear the loincloth while visiting the areas. We were expected also to go to the milking area first thing in the morning. 

I thought that as weird since this was my first time here I did not know what the milking area meant, but I was going to find out. There was a knock on the door. I got up to open it.

"Hi, I'm Larry. I'm to be one of your roommates." He said as he came in.

"Hi Larry, Jonah here. Roommates you said. That would make sense of the size of the bed then."

"Yeah from what I understand there are three to a room, so we're going to get another person in here. Nice room, the shower looks interesting."

"Yes, it has possibilities. I wonder who our roommate will be. There are usually three to a room? Hmm the possibilities."

At that, another knock on the door brought us to attention. In walked a tall, muscular black man with a deep voice. "Hi, Greg here," he said with his hand out. We each shook it and introduced ourselves.

"So where do we go from here?" Larry asked.

"I was given this at the desk," Greg said holding a piece of paper that had writing on it.

He read it. "It's a list of things that we need to do before dinner. We are to shower, shave, put on our loincloths and go to the milking area. We have three hours."

"OK, who's first in the shower?" Larry asked.

"Well there is room for three so I guess we can all go in. They only gave us loincloths. We might as well as get used to seeing each other naked." I said.

Greg was already taking his clothes off. Larry followed and I was a quick third. Greg had the water going, "Water's warm guys c'mon lets go."

I went into the shower and only then, I noticed that the soaps were in the shape of cocks. I guess they want us to be clean everywhere. Larry and I got into the shower. Greg was soaping up his cock, which was about 12 to 13" and looked magnificent. Larry's 10" member stood at attention as did mine. Larry reached over to Greg's hardening cock and helped him get the soap on it. I approached Greg from behind and embraced him with a reach around to his chest. He moaned, his head moved backwards and I clamped my mouth over his and tongued the inside of his mouth. Larry had started to suck his cock as the warm water ran down his chest and abs. He tasted great. My cock was responding as he moved his ass side to side. I took one of the soaps and went down to his ass. He changed his stance so that I could spread his cheeks and work the soap inside. I inserted the dildo shaped soap into his puckered hole, slowly at first and then I picked up speed. 

He moaned, "Oh that feels really good."

As the soap cleaned out his ass, I reached around and pulled on his balls to help Larry out with his sucking. Larry saw my cock starting to harden and took a bar of soap to my balls to clean the road dirt off. Greg did the same to Larry's ass. We were all soaped up and we let the water wash off the soap as we scrubbed the dirt off. We had stopped so as not to cum right away. We did not want to waste anything for the rest of the day.

We stayed in the shower a few more minutes kissing and rubbing each other. We found our loincloths and fastened them. Greg had to readjust his loincloth so his cock was not swinging around everywhere. We left our room making sure we each had a room key. 

"What's on the agenda first?" I asked.

"We have to go to the milking station first. I wonder what that will entail." Greg said looking at the slip of paper.

We walked down the hall and made our way to the reception desk. The man at the desk gave us directions to the milking area.

"Better hurry there is a line forming already." He said with a smile.

We walked over there and saw the line forming behind three stations that had a long counter with three guys leaning forward. There were three attendants behind them stroking their cocks, which were pointed downward. The attendants were wearing different colored loincloths than we were wearing. Once a guest would cum and was drained as much as they could get out of him, he was washed up and given a vitamin drink. He then moved to the other side or outside with the other guests. 

We finally made it to the front of the line and were told where to stand and in what position. I went up to the counter and bent over so that they could have access to my hardening cock. 

"Oh, looks like someone cleaned up beforehand. Thank you for that." Said the attendant, "We appreciate that. It makes it easier to clean you and milk you."

"No problem, so I just stand here and you...."

I was not able to finish my sentence as he placed a hand on my cock and stroked it. He applied lotion so that it would not hurt. He took long strokes and pulled on my balls at the same time. This drove me wild and I could see that Greg and Larry were enjoying their time as well. I felt a finger circling my asshole working its way into the orifice. They had lubed up the hole first and then pushed forward. It went in easily enough and he pulled one long hard stroke on my cock. At that, I started cumming and I thought I'd never stop. The cum went into a bowl with the rest, this was cleaned out afterwards. I was cleaned up and they handed me a drink. They explained that the drink would help me regain my strength. I went out back and met up with my roommates.

Once outback I saw a large pool area with a hot tub. There were massage tables on the opposite side of the pool. There were guest scattered throughout the back area some in groups or couples. There were a few solo people just resting in the poolside chairs. My legs were wobbly from the milking. I needed a massage.

"I'm going to check out the tables over there. My legs are tired a bit," I said as I walked over to the tables.

"Have fun, we'll mingle a bit," said Greg.

I waved as I walked away. I met up with one of the attendants staffing the nearest table.

"You look like you just came from a milking. You probably need a massage."

"How did you know?"

"Sometimes the legs are shaky and we can tell." He smiled, "just lie down on the table and remove the loincloth, and you'll need some more lotion. They probably need some lube in your hole. Sometimes they get busy and can't spend the extra time with the guests."

I laid down on my stomach and took off the loincloth. The tables were structure to move the legs apart so that the attendant can get into where he needs to be. He moved the legs apart, which spread my ass cheeks a bit. He started to rub my legs with oil and it felt good. He circled my thighs with his hands and applied pressure as he slid down to my ankles. Man, it felt good. He then moved forward to rub my back and lower region. I felt his crotch against my ass and moved up my back. He was getting hard, but that was normal in his profession. 

"Now you'll need more oil in your ass, if you are going to participate a lot here."

"Well I plan on it."

"Good, just relax your ass muscles as best as you can."

He oiled up the area and worked his finger inside my hole. I inhaled deeply and held it. He stopped his finger's progress for a moment. He waited until I exhaled and then he moved forward. 

"Just keep breathing the way you are now. Don't hold it too long though."

He put in two fingers and waited, then moved them forward; he then moved his hand in and out. My breathing increased as I buried my face into the pillow. I almost came then and there, if not for the milking I would have, but only pre-cum came out. He moved his hand down my cock and pulled slowly down. I shuddered with the orgasm that I had and then I was very relaxed. He pulled out of my ass slowly and the hole slowly closed. This added another sensation of ecstasy. I laid there breathing heavily, "That was very exhausting. Are they all like that?"

"No, just the good ones are. You will be doing things like that and having more done to you. Now the lube should make you ready for more than a few visitors during your stay."

"I hope so. At least now it won't hurt as much."

He gave me a drink, when we were done and I walked over to the poolside chairs. Once I sat down and laid my legs on the rest, I inhaled deeply. Greg and Larry came by and sat next to me. 

"So how was the massage? I saw you there and it looked like he had his hand up your ass and you came."

"I almost did and it was fantastic. You guys should try it sometime."

Greg adjusted himself, "We might at that, but tonight is the big meet and greet party. I wonder what will be involved with that?" he laid back with his hands behind his head.

Neither of us knew what would happen since it was our first time here. The welcome dinner was scheduled for 5:00PM so we had some time to rest. We went to our room and took a nap. We fit on the bed comfortably. The bed could have easily had enough room for 5 to 6 people. The temperature was set for 68 degrees so we would not over heat when we slept. Whatever was in those drinks, it kept us at a perpetual semi hard state. We got into bed and snuggled up to each other. Larry was facing the clock and he set the alarm for 4:45PM. Greg was in the middle and was on his back; his cock made a tent of the sheet. Larry and I snuggled under each arm; we feel asleep there next to him. Greg's arms were able to reach our lower backs. As he slept, he rubbed the areas in a circular motion allowing us to fall asleep faster.

I fell asleep holding onto Greg's cock, which felt reassuring, secure in the fact that someone was here with me. He moved his leg, I looked up into his eyes and we kissed deeply, tongues exploring crevices in our mouths. We parted and he smiled as he tilted his head onto mine. Larry looked over at me and kissed my cheek; he tweaked my cock as he fell asleep. We slept in this position until the alarm went off. All three of us were hungry and wanted to get to dinner as soon as we could. 

We washed up in the shower cleaning out areas that usually is not cleaned well enough. Larry and Greg were kissing in the shower as I stepped in and spread Greg's ass cheeks apart and soaped up his hole. Slipping in a finger to make sure he was cleaned out. Greg leaned over and said, "Thanks, now it is Larry's turn then you."

I smiled, "You bet."

We cleaned each other up and made our way to the dining area. The tables were set out so that each set of roommates were together. They did not want to break people up when it was their first time. The head table that had three places on it; I guess it was for the organizers. We were served salad and our choice of chicken or steak. The vegans were given their choices as well.

After the meal, one of the men who stood up and asked for attention, "Hello all, my name is Alex and I'd like to welcome you to this retreat. As you may have noticed is that all of the participants here are male and so are the attendants. This is not a gay retreat but a male bonding one. Yes, we do have sex with each other but through this, we open ourselves to new experiences. In addition, we do have a lot of fun too. At this time I will let the person on my left here go over a few guidelines."

A smaller man stood up, "Hello all, I'm Tom. The 'guidelines' were given to you when you arrived. They should have been in your room when you checked in. However, I'm going to go over them now; first, one is always shower before joining others. The cleaner the better the experience should be a motto for you. Next one is always visit the milking station in the morning. This is so that you can have a lasting experience. One last guideline is always make yourself known if you are entering from behind, unless you are in a group. Then it is understood that you're there and could be coming from that direction. The only clothes worn will be the loincloth, which will be washed every day and you will receive a clean on early in the day, usually at the milking station. Also, we all use protection here so you will see a new box of condoms in your rooms every morning. Well those are the 'guidelines', any questions?"

No one had any questions. "Well with that I will pass it over to my left. He has some interesting things to say about the event this evening."

"Hello all, my name Rich. I am sure that you are all curious about tonight's event. Well it is an orgy or free for all, if you wish. The game Twister is in the room and will start things off; the game will be used few times throughout the retreat. If you have, any problems throughout the retreat please feel free to contact us. In about 30 minutes, the event will begin and the retreat will officially start."

We finished our meals and then served the usual vitamin drink. We made our way to the room where the event was being hosted. The room was rather large and had a fireplace to one side, the bar had drinks at the ready, the air had a scent to it; lavender I think. The attendants welcomed us in and took our loincloths; we were to be nude the whole time during the event. Greg, Larry, and I went our separate ways for the mixer.

I found two men at one end; they were in an interesting conversation. "Hi, I'm Jonah. How are you guys doing?"

"I'm Terry and this is Chip. We were just talking about getting this thing started. How would you like to join us?"

"Sure what did you want to start? Twister maybe?"

We walked over to the attendant who had the game. We thought we knew the rules of the game, but there was a variation that we did not know about. We were the players on the mat and the attendant would be the spinner. There was to be at least six others lined around the mat and if we fell, they would replace us. In addition, if either our turn made us face them or if our asses were to them, we would have to suck their cocks or they would fuck our holes. The winner would have to take on all of them. These rules added an excitement to the game.

The attendant spun the wheel and the first play into action. On the fourth move, I was facing a particularly large black cock. I looked up and the man smiled down at me. I put it in my mouth; he was apparently excited as I tasted his pre-cum, and sucked him slowly at first and picked up speed slowly. I pulled his balls down to make him last longer. He gave a pre-taste as he gave me more pre cum. I liked his balls and gently stroked his cock. "I think you're supposed to make me cum quickly," he whispered down to me, "I'll meet up with you later for longer fucking."

At that, I swallowed him and sucked his large cock for all it was worth. His hips moved forward and he came inside my mouth; I swallowed all he had to give enjoying the saltiness. "Sorry guys, I got carried away."

We had our next move Chip's ass was facing the barrier as was mine. I felt someone spread my ass cheeks and enter my hole. Chip was feeling the same thing. Our respective partners fucked us hard and fast. They came inside us and it was incredible. On the next move, Chip fell and a new player was inserted for him. Two of the "fence" participants took him to a room. More than likely to be fucked mercilessly by them, he had a smile on his face as he went into the room.

On the next move, I fell and another man then replaced me, actually, since there were only three players, Terry won. The "fence" descended on him, picking him up and moving him in front of the fireplace to take him. A hand was placed on my shoulder and I looked up and saw the man who owned the cock that was in my mouth.

"It looks like Terry is the winner. My name is Mike and you are?" he said.

"Jonah here, Mike good to meet you and taste you."

"I'm glad you liked it. C'mon lets go outside for some fresh air."

He helped me up and we walked outside by the pool. He had his hand on my ass as we walked to the chairs. We sat down together; he kissed me hard on the mouth.

"I have wanted to do that since I saw you at the milking station this morning. Then I saw you at the massage table and the orgasm you had on the table was intense."

"Yes that was a tremendous one wasn't it. I had a hard time recovering from that one and I didn't come either."

"Really? Wow that must have been hard to recover from."

He was rubbing my ass as he was talking. I watched his cock as he was talking. It was huge. I rubbed his balls in return. "You have a nice cock. I hated having to rush you to cum, but that was the game. Maybe I can make it up to you."

"Well it was the game, your technique made it hard not to cum right away. Then you pulled on my balls to stall it that was a nice touch."

"They did feel like you were going to explode right there and I had to do something. Right now I can feel you want to cum now too all I have to do is this," I ran a finger up the shaft groove from the base to the head and a large drop of pre-cum came to the hole and he twitched a little, "See?"

"Oh my god, that was so good. I cannot believe anyone could do that to anyone or me. Where did you learn that?"

"I watch a lot of porn," I said with a smile.

He laughed and pulled me close to him as we laid into one another. We watch others come out and separate into their groups. I saw that Greg and Larry hooked up with a group that looked fun. They headed towards the hot tub, cocks bouncing all the way. They saw me; smiled and waved in their haste. I gave them thumbs up.

"Looks like my roommates are going to be busy for a while," I said.

"So will we."

I pushed him down onto his back and kissed him deeply. Then I moved down his muscular chest towards his 6-pack abdomen. I stopped at his nipples and swirled my tongue around each one pinching the other between my thumb and forefinger. He had his hand behind my head and pulled me into the nipple as I sucked and nibbled on it.

"Oh god, munch on my nipples!" He ordered.

At that command, I sucked harder than I have before. I moved to the other and gave it the same treatment. He moaned louder and I felt his pre-cum on my leg as his cock was hardening. 

"Now baby take my cock into that mouth."

As I worked my way down I kissed his skin and go to the top of his pubic hair. It was black and curly. His cock was semi hard and it was a darker black than the rest of him. I circled the top with my tongue and stabbed at his pee hole. I looked up at him and his head was thrown back as he moaned. I pulled down on his balls and tightened a hand at the base of his cock. His cock was not as rigid as I did this, he could not cum and it held down. He did spasm a little when I did this and he smiled at me knowing that when he does cum it will be a massive orgasm.

I took his cock into my mouth, just the head at first and then slid down as far as I could. I moved my hand up the shaft to meet my lips. I was jerking him up to that point. I licked his lower shaft and got it lubed with my spit. He moved his legs up to frame my head around his cock. 
