 Hello Readers: This may be the final installment of the Retreat. As always feedback is important and would like to hear from everyone in the comments section.

********************

The New Council Members

I remember feeling someone slip into bed with me and being cuddled, however I do not remember opening my eyes to see who. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my ear. He did not say anything just let his cock rub against my cheeks. I went back to sleep for a continued rest.

When we woke up Mike was in the center and I was laying my head on his chest as I heard and felt him breathe deep. This told me he was still asleep, I looked over and saw that Greg was laying on the other side with Larry spooning him. We were warm as the breeze from the a/c drafted over us. Looked down and saw Mike's cock laying draped over his balls. Mike's flaccid state is larger than other people's semi state.

My hand went down to his cock and moved it so that the cum holed was looked at me. I smiled and move down and placed the cockhead in my mouth and just sucked his tip. I plated with his balls as I sucked on the head with more suction. I heard him moan.

"Someone is awake and wanting to play." He said.

"You better know it." Greg said as he clamped down on Mikes nipple.

I pulled on Mike's balls more, then I felt a hand take them from as I looked up and saw Larry taking each one in his mouth. Mike was our main attention at this time, he just laid back and enjoy us giving his body the once over. I moved further down Mike's cock all the way to the base. 

He moaned, "Oh baby did I miss this last night."

"I know so I thought I'd wake you up in style."

Mike moved his legs up as Larry went from his balls to between his ass and balls. He licked the crack and up to Mike's balls and back. I was sucking up and down on the cock shaft and met Larry tongue at the base. We kissed a little bit and then shared the shaft. I started stroking the shaft as Larry sucked the head. I pulled on the balls a little and I heard Larry respond to Mike's pre-cum. I then moved up the groove in the shaft to get more up out of the hole. I must have by Larry's reaction.

Greg and Mike were kissing and teasing each other's nipples. Greg's own cock was hardening and he moved down to Larry's ass. He lubed the tight ass up with his tongue and gently pushed his cock into the hole. Larry paused his sucking a bit to allow for Greg to enter his ass. While that happened I took over going down on Mike's cock.

"Oh baby, that warm mouth is great on my cock." Mike moaned.

"You should try this ass. It is so tight sometimes," Greg said, "C'mon baby let me in. Relax a little more."

Greg got in as Larry grunted and then a loud "AHHHH" came from him.

Mike's hand was on my ass cupping one of my cheeks. He was working his hand further down so that he could enter my ass. I moved my lower body up by his head for easier access. He found my cock and placed it in his mouth. The warming sensation was tremendous.

Larry took over sucking again as I stroked Mike's cock and pulled on his balls. I had to time this with Greg's thrusts into Larry's ass. I felt Mike's hips start to buck, which meant he was going to cum soon. I looked into Larry's eyes and they showed that he was ready. He sucked harder and faster on the massive cock. I cupped the balls closer to the base and found Mike's hole and put a finger inside. He bucked so hard that his hips came off the bed and forced his cock further into Larry's mouth as the cum went into his waiting mouth. I saw that Greg's thrust became faster and he was about to pull out, I took my finger from Mike's ass and Greg's cock came out of the ass. I grabbed it and stroked it a few times and he came into my mouth, 

Larry was cumming as well and I helped him along by cupping his balls. I felt my cum being deposited into Mike's mouth as his sucking became a soothing steady pull on my cock. We then collapsed into a big mass of bodies.

Larry and Greg were the first ones to get up and head for the showers. Mike and I did get up and made it as far as the couch. We sat there reading the proposal of the council. 

"Look here it says we will live in the main house. It is in Northern California. It is more secluded that this place." Mike pointed out.

"That would depend on where in California. It can rain a lot in the northern area, since we will be able to do almost anything it won't matter where we are as long as we're all together." I smiled.

Someone knocked on the door, I got up and answered it, it was James holding a package.

"A gift from the council. It is so you do not have to go to the milking station. The retreat is almost complete and guests will be leaving soon." He placed it on the coffee table and he looked down at Mike and I with a smile. "Tonight all four of you will be making a decision that will affect your lives and I hope to be with all of you in the future."

He left with that and went to the door. We watched him go, his ass looked really tight and we could see the tip of his cock between his legs as he walked away. After he left we opened the box and brought out the gift. Larry and Greg had just gotten out of the shower and we toweling off as they walked in. 

"What is that?" Asked Greg.

"It is a gift from the council. James just left it for us. I think it is a male milking machine." Mike said. 

It was an interesting contraption in that it had a long tube for the cock and then a smaller one that looked like it was for the nipples or balls. Mike and I needed a shower so we decided to let Greg and Larry experiment with it first.

After we cleaned ourselves up and walked into the room with towels hanging from our necks we saw that Larry was on the all fours on the coffee table with his cock in the tube and Greg gad the smaller device on his nipples. Larry was looking like he was going to cum as the machine sucked his hardening cock. He was moaning and his hip muscles flexed has the sucking continued and he got harder. I went over and pulled on his balls to delay his cumming. Greg squatted down so that his cock could go into Larry's mouth. Mike went over to the machine and noticed it was on setting 5, he turned it up to 6 to see what would happen. As suspected the suction increased and Larry's balls tried to tighten and I pulled even harder away from him. He took Greg's cock out of his mouth.

"Let me cum. I need to now, please." He said.

I cupped his balls and moved them up to his cock base and Greg turned the machine to 7. Larry's orgasm was intense he almost fell on the coffee table. Mike and Greg caught him in time. The took off the tube and his cock was still spasming and was still hard. I noticed that I did not see any cum on it either. I looked into the tube and it was dry. 

"It's in here," Greg said, "the directions said it collects it into a cup for us."

"Well that is convenient and here I thought it would have been messy." I said.

Larry was lying on the table recovering from his orgasm. He smiled and got up and went to the bed. Each of us took a turn and joined him in the bed. It was a great experience. We drifted off to sleep and rested for a while. 

"What a wonderful sight." We heard someone say loud enough to wake us up. 

We looked up and James was standing there in his loincloth with a semi hardon. He was smiling and enjoying seeing us intertwined with each other.

"I was coming by to see how you guys were doing and I see you in bed. I take it that each of you has tried the machine, just be careful of setting 10 that will do some damage." He smiled.

"What time is it? Did we miss the meeting with the council?" Asked Mike.

"No, you have a couple of hours. I thought I'd come by and talk with you awhile about my position with the council." James said sitting down in one of the chairs.

"Great we were wondering and I asked Sal and he would not elaborate on it." I said. 

"True, they know my position but the council really does no understand it as times. You see I am not just their butler or gofer. I am more of a protector. While I do get to participate in their activities, I am not always there to partake. I have fucked every one of them, in every position known. They are a welcoming bunch of guys."

"Will you be staying on when we come on board?" Larry asked.

"Very good question. I do plan on being with you guys and the others for a while. I take it that you are going to accept the offer then?" He smiled.

We all nodded in unison and smiled. We had decided early this morning.

He continued, "That is good. I have seen you guys in action and I like what I see. Today you will notice that the guests are starting to leave however the council will be here another week. There is limited staff however, hence the milking machine, we will have the kitchen staff and the desk staff as well. Your vehicles will be moved to the main house later in the week. Now turning to the council itself. Your duties are spelled out in the contracts. Also during this week, you will be moved to their wing as there will be some training that you will need to go through. Each of you will have your own room that connects to the others. This is why you never really saw the council members except on special occasions, the orgy being one of them. Each room has a hot tub for relaxation either in solitude or in groups."

We just sat there amazed at what was going on and we were hypnotized by him. We almost couldn't wait. He sat in front of us crossed legged, we could see his cock hang down. His nubian body moved with such grace that we were still amazed as he stood up. 

"Now I have some preparations to take care of. You four pack your bags for the move and we'll get you ready for tonight's meeting. When you are done with that call the front desk and let them know you are ready for the move. Alex likes to start these things on time and wants his 'sweet ass' there." He said looking at me. He turned to the door. "Oh one more thing. I do know that you guys are looking at my cock and ass most of the time. I like it and you'll get to know them better tonight."

He left the room and we looked at each other and laughed. We started packing our things for the move. Once we were done, we called the front desk and told them we were ready. We went down to the dining hall to eat and were met by the council members in full. 

"We have a table ready." Alex said as he stepped forward and took my hand and Mike's.

The other members took Greg and Larry by the arms and escorted them to the table. We sat and talked about the activities that we saw this week. What we liked and didn't like. We ate and conversed, Alex explained that the menu was specially prepared to assist in healing and sperm production. This allowed us to cum a lot especially on the night of the orgy. They liked the way we got back at the bully that was bothering Pete.

"How did you think of that?" Asked Sal.

"It was Mike's idea." I said.

"It came to me that this bully always picked on people who didn't have large cocks. This got me thinking that maybe he needed one to set him straight." Mike interjected. 

"Well it worked. I don't think we saw him pick on anyone else." Alex smiled.

"No we didn't. That was inspired. So gentlemen have you made your decision?" Joe asked.

"I think I speak for all of us," I said looking around and they nodded, "that we accept the offer and are anxious to get started."

"Good, good you will not be disappointed or unsatisfied." Alex said.

James came into the dining hall and nodded to Alex.

Alex stood, "You are all moved into our wing so you have new rooms and new roommates. Your extra stay will be one of learning and new experiences."

After dinner we went to our new rooms and my room was a suite that shared a door with Mike's room that went into Alex's and Sal's rooms. Each room had its own milking machine and hot tub. The showers were the same as the other room, except they were bigger to allow for more people. There was one rule however, we were not to wear our loincloths while in our rooms, just in the hall and even that was a maybe.

I laid down in the bed and tried to get some rest. I found that I could not sleep without someone or someones in bed with me. So I went into Mike's room and he was trying the same thing. He lifted up the sheet to allow me in.

"C'mon in baby. I couldn't sleep either. I missed you too much." He said.

I snuggled up to him as he put his arm around me and put my hand on his cock. He moaned a bit when I squeezed it a little.