 Jonah and Mike get closer and have more fun.

*************

We went into dinner, which was server early, together Greg, Larry, and I. As we sat down and looked at the menus another couple joined us at our table and introduced themselves as Joe and Jim. We exchanged pleasantries; they were roommates like us but only two instead of the traditional three.

"Must have something to do with the total number of people here." I said.

"Yeah, but we've been having a lot of fun anyway." Jim said.

"We were wondering just how to get going with other groups." Joe asked.

"Well for me, I just started playing the games and met new people that way. That is at least one anyway. Or at the pool there are a lot of people just lying about sunning or getting a massage." Greg mentioned.

I said, "You'll love the massage tables. They do things that will re-energize you. You wouldn't believe."

They looked at one another and smiled. Apparently, they had tried that already. I had wondered what they thought about it, but I did not want to pry. We made conversation as we ate our dinner. After which we all made our way to the rooms that were having events. Greg and Larry offered to show the guys around and the ropes. I knew that they would be in for a good time tonight. I scanned the room to see what interested me and to find Mike.

I went to the 'head' table and sat down. It is called this because this table is where others would sit down on the table and others would come and sit on the chairs and suck them off. The table was wide enough for them to lie down on their backs to get comfortable. Usually another person would come by and offer their cocks for them to suck.

I was sitting waiting for a cock to suck. A person came over and introduced himself as Peter.

"I need to have someone suck my cock. Are you ready?" he asked.

"Yes, just put your ass here and I'll get you off." I smiled.

Now where they sat there was a butt plug that helped them. I lubed it up and guided his ass down on it. He moaned a bit going down on it. 

I took his 8" cock in my mouth. He had a semi-hard cock that was almost dripping with pre-cum. He was either really horny or just came from the milking station. I moved a finger up the base of his cock up to the crown and he leaked a little. 

"Oh that is good. Thank you for getting that cleared out."

"Oh I'm just starting. Just lie back and enjoy it."

He did and watched me take his cock into my mouth as I gently stroked his cock. I stayed at the head and sucked hard on it to start the pressure going. He moved his hips up to get more motion out the butt plug. I took the cock in my mouth and swirled my tongue around his shaft. He moaned more; it sounded muffled this time so I looked up and saw that he had a cock in his mouth. It was Mike's cock. I looked up and he smiled as he fed Peter his cock.

I sucked Peter faster and jerked his cock harder. He was twisting his body in pleasure as he getting closer. I pulled on his balls for added pleasure and his cock started to jerk on its own, but nothing would come out. 

"Ah man that was great, but I need to cum soon." Peter said.

Mike then had two hands on his head, "He'll make you shoot and you won't believe it. Make him shoot baby."

My mouth was all the way down his shaft and I worked up to the tip and pushed his balls up to his cock base. I sucked hard on his cock head and I found the button that pushed the plug further up and vibrated. This made him come and it hit me in the back of my throat. His moan was muffled by Mike cumming in his mouth too. I took his cum and swallowed as much as I could. I smiled up at Mike who looked at me softly.

"Thank you guys I needed that." Peter said as he sat up.

"Anytime, he gives great blow jobs." Mike said.

"Yes his does." Peter said as he kissed me.

Peter got up from the table and we helped him with the plug. I teased him a bit by moving it forward a little. He smiled and his cock responded again. I went up to Mile and kissed him hard, letting him explore my mouth with his tongue.

"I can taste him on you." He said.

"I knew you would." I smiled.

We sat down together and watched the room. I found Greg and Larry; they were playing twister with Joe and Jim. They looked like they were having fun. Larry was sucking on one of the outside guy's cock, while Greg was taking in the ass by another. It was getting late and I turned to Mike.

"It's getting late want to leave and get to my room?"

"You bet babe. Tonight we will fuck each other."

I smiled and we got up from the chairs.

We made are way to the room, holding hands cocks waving under the loincloths. We got to the room and decided to shower to clean ourselves up a bit. We washed our cocks and asses. Mike slipped ad finger in my ass and kissed me from behind.

"We should loosen each other up too. Or maybe keep them tight for more intense pleasure." 

"Well we should get to it."

We kissed while in the shower and made our way to the bed. He laid me down on the bed and kissed his way down my body. He moved his body onto the bed so that I would have access to his big black cock. He reached my cock with his mouth and took it into his mouth, when he did this every muscle in my body relaxed and allowed every sensation to come through.

I saw his cock responding to the sensations so I reached over and gently fondled it in my hand. I pulled on it and he moved his hips over so that I could put it in my mouth. I circled the head with my tongue and I heard him moaned his satisfaction. I took his growing cock into my mouth and sucked it down to the hilt. He tasted great and his pre-cum was going down my throat. He was sucking my cock for all it was worth and I moved my hips up so that it would go in deeper. He moved down to my balls and sucked one into his mouth, while stroking my cock. I mimicked his motions, holding the base of his cock tight. He spasmed a little and a little dap of pre-cum came out on my tongue. He paused to allow the spasm to pass.

"How many times are you going to make me cum tonight?" He smiled.

"As many times as I can."

He moved his hips forward and I was able to see his puckered hole. I took my forefinger and circled his hole. Pushing forward it went into his hole. It wrapped around my finger tightly. I paused to let it expand, once it relaxed I went in further and then backed out. I repeated these motions until his hole was able to handle my finger in further.

He was able to get his tongue on my hole and lubed it up as best his could. He started to insert his finger as well. The sensation was like an explosion inside me. I sucked on his cock more and moved faster. We let our animal instincts take over just went crazy, we were obsessed. 

"It's time." I said.

That was like a command to him he moved down to my hips and moved my legs up for a better angle. He stroked his cock and placed a dab of lube on it and on my hole. His eyes looked at mine and he kissed me deeply. He gently pushed forward and entered my hole. I inhaled, as the pressure was intense. He went in with a pop and stop to allow for the insertion. 

"How's that baby?" He asked.

"Hmmmm, fantastic." It was all I could say.

He thrusted forward and moved back, then forward again. This action relaxed me and allowed him to go further in. We kissed and I saw my cock leaking pre-cum. He leaned back, grabbed my cock in his hand, and stroked it while he fucked my ass. He was using it as an anchor for leverage to pump harder.

He paused and stroked my cock more. He squeezed it, smiling while doing this and applied pressure to keep me from cumming. I looked up and squeezed my ass on his hard cock as best I could. He pushed even further and moaned.

"I'm going to cum soon baby, are you ready?"

"Yes, keep stroking my cock. I want to cum with you."

He smiled and pumped harder in my hole. I could feel his build up and he stroked me quicker. I knew he felt my cock twitch, signaling its readiness to explode. He did one final hard thrust into my ass and drove his cum further into my ass, I clamped down hard around his cock. He pulled a couple of times on my cock and I came with such force that the stream went up to my chest and his. We both spasmed in an orgasm that rocked us hard, he collapsed on top of me and we held each other, afraid to let go. 

"That was fantastic." He said weakly.

"I'm still recovering." I said as I felt his cock slip out of my ass.

He stroked me a few more times, to make sure that I was empty. I shuddered and held him closer. He moved to my side and we faced each other kissing deeply. I cupped his ass cheeks and gently stroked them. I knew we had promised to fuck each other but I was spent.

"Tomorrow it is your turn." I said.

"Yes babe." He said looking into my eyes.

We made our way to the showers and cleaned each other. I took the soap and moved it slowly in and out of his ass. He moaned and then moved to face me. I held his cock, gently washed it and his balls.

I stood up; he turned me around and pushed the soap into my ass to clean it out as best he could. My cock responded and reached around to stroke it clean with the soap and water.

Once we cleaned and dried each other off, we made our way to the bed. We fell asleep in each other's arms. I relaxed listening to his breathing rhythm.