 One last night together and then on to a new chapter. Please comment. Thank you for your words.

***********

Mike and I slept the rest of the night together in the position of me holding on to his cock and his hand was on my ass. He moved slightly, I woke up with his hardening cock in my hand as I began to stroke it a little. I saw the smile on his face as he moaned, he was not fully awake yet, but I could tell that he was enjoying this dream state. I cupped his balls as they hung underneath his semi hard cock. 

His hand rubbed my ass and raised my arousal a bit. I sucked his nipple that I had used as a pillow all night. This got his attention and he moved his hand to the back of my head and pulled me towards him. 

"Suck it baby. I love what you can do with your tongue." He said.

I moved my hand to his cock and stroked him more, I felt his pre-cum coming out of the hole. I used it as a lubricant and rubbed it into his skin. He made more, the more I stroked his cock. My own cock was hardening against his thigh as he had moved his hand to my ass again and was moving his hand in a circular motion. I moved down to his cock and held it up in my hand. I saw the clear white pre-cum at the tip and ran my finger along the underside and then squeezed the tip to get more out. 

I blew on the tip and then placed it on the tip of my tongue to get a taste of it. His cock was now almost hard as it could be and I took into my mouth. I sucked at the tip and took what pre-cum was left. I then took the rest of it into my mouth and went all the way down to his base.

"Oh man, baby your mouth is so good this morning. That's it graze on my pubs."

I did and circled my tongue around his shaft, wrapping as much as I could with him inside my mouth and moved up to the tip again. I felt his cock twitch and throb. I pulled on his balls and moved my mouth down to them and sucked on each one. I moved my hips around to his head. He placed his hand on my cock and guided it into his mouth. 

"Oh baby keep suck that cock." I said as I sucked on his balls.

"Keep me from cumming and it's a deal." He said in between pulls on my cock.

We were 69ing each other and I decided to step it up by moving down to his ass with my tongue and licked the area between the balls and his ass hole. I then spread his ass cheeks to allow me to gently insert a finger inside of his hole. I gently forced my finger forward by swirling it against the hole and moving forward. His cock needed more attention so I placed it inside my mouth and sucked it as I moved my finger inside his hole.

He found my ass hole as well and was doing the same to me, I paused as his finger popped into my hole. I knew it was turned and pushed a finger inside and moved forward passed the inner ring and into my anus. It was his turn to stop and moan, which I felt on my cock. I found his prostate and pushed on it and he came into my mouth, it seemed like he was not going to stop. I took all he would give. He found my gland and did the same. Since I was on top of him I came straight down into his waiting mouth. I fucked his mouth as the cum came out of me. I gently sucked on his cock and milked what cum was left that drippled out of his cock. He was getting hard again and I sucked harder until he came again and it hit the back of my throat as it went into my throat. 

We laid on top of each other for a minute or two and then I rolled off him and his cock and then moved up to his head. He kissed me and we snuggled together.

"Time for some hot tub action." He said.

We filled the hot tub and let it heat up. We slid into the tub and let the warm water soak into us. The connecting door opened and Alex came in completely nude.

"I heard you guys were up and waiting until I heard the hot tub. Mind if I join you?" He asked.

"Sure come on in and relax. I smell coffee, who made it?" I asked.

"I did." Came a voice behind Alex as James came in with a tray of four cups. 

James came into the room with Alex behind him and set the tray down on the coffee table. He handed each of us a cup and got into the tub to join us. Alex sat next to James and relaxed.

"Well how was the first night as a council member?" Alex asked.

"We couldn't sleep in our own beds so Jonah came into mine and slept all night." Mike said.

"That's normal and we encourage you to sleep where you feel comfortable. It makes for a rested group and an exciting group." Alex said. 

"I do like that we get to walk around naked all the time except in certain areas. Is there anywhere we can do it all the time?" I asked.

"At the main house, once you're moved in. Since there aren't any hallways that open to the public you can be nude all the time there." James put in.

"How are the others? Are they settling in? We haven't heard from or seen them." Asked Mike. 

"They are still sleeping this morning and they are doing great. Larry's got a nice ass on him and Greg's mouth can deep throat James' cock." Alex mentioned.

"He has a hot mouth that will warm you in December. I almost came immediately in his mouth." James said.

"What's on the agenda for today?" Asked Mike.

Alex began, "Well not much, we will send you documents to look over for your new roles. A lot of it is defining what those roles will be and how to do them. It is kind of boring but has to gone through. You will have the others to back you up on any issues that may arise, so don't be too worried."

Alex shifted a bit in the tub and turned the air bubbles up for better massage action. It was appreciated by the rest of us. I saw Greg and Larry walking into my room and motioned them over to Mike's tub. They came in and got into the tub.

"I hear that you had some fun last night. How was it?" I asked the couple.

"I am still sore from James' cock in my ass, but I'll live. This soak will help to relax the muscles." Larry said.

"Come here," said James, "I'll help that along."

Larry moved over to James and he was lifted up and out of the hot tub and was carried to the bed. James took some coffee and a piece of ice from our small fridge.

"Now lay on your stomach. I need access to your ass and balls."

Larry rolled over onto his stomach, James placed a pillow under Larry's cock. This pushed his ass in the air and up. He looked at Larry's ass hole and nodded. It looked a little red to me. He placed his hand over the hole and he felt the heat. James nodded and took the ice cube and rubbed the area leading up to the hole. Larry was shocked at first, but got used to it and moaned a bit. James made a circular motion with the cube and eventually made his way to the hole. He placed the ice cube on the puckered hole for a few seconds and then pushed it a little further and stopped. He waited until Larry let out a satisfying moan.

James touched the puckered hole and it felt cold to his touch, no longer warm and he took the coffee and dipped his finger in the cup to check the temperature. He then placed his finger to the hole and rotated it to get the muscles to relax. Larry tired his best to relax as well. 

James made it inside with more coffee and a little pop when his finger made it in. he moved his finger inside to widen the hole for more of the warm coffee. It seemed to work, because Larry relaxed with and moan. While James had his coffee laden finger inside Larry he took his other hand started stroking Larry cock, milking him more.

"This will help you relax more," he said, "stress should leave you and you should be relaxed soon."

With that encouragement Larry started cumming and spasming. He fell on the bed in almost complete exhaustion. James helped him to the hot tub after cleaning him up a little.

"I feel better now, that ice was a shock though. I am now relaxed and ready for the day." Larry said. 

They both joined us in the hot tub. Alex had moved next to me during the scene that played out. Mike had sat up on the rim of the hot tub, stroking his cock. It looked beautiful as he stroked it to hardness.

Alex said, "Now that is a cock that needs a warm place."

He got up and made his way over to Mike and he turned around so that Mike could inspect his ass with his fingers. Mike widened Alex's ass cheeks and placed his tongue at the hole to relax it.

"You're a little too tight right now. Have to work it a bit."

He tongued the hole at the entrance and moved it around in a circle. He then placed a finger at the hole and gently moved it forward. It started to slowly go in. Alex moaned as the finger made its way into the recesses of his ass.

I sat up on the edge of the tub and stroked my hardening cock. Larry came over and suckled on my balls. He tongued them and massaged them gently as I stroked my cock up and down. I could tell that Mike's finger had made it into Alex's hole and was making its way further inside him.

His expression on his face was one of ecstasy. Mike was moving his finger around inside to widen the hole. 

"It's loose enough now." Mike declared.

He slowly brought Alex's hips back to his hardened cock and placed the head at the hole and slowly worked it in. He slid back to Mike cock base and stayed there for a brief time to get used to the length and size.

"There ya go. Now my cock is warm and wrapped tight."

"Oh, it is bigger than I thought, give me a second." Alex said.

Larry went from munching on my balls to my cockhead and sucked on the tip. He took over the stroking as well. I leaned back on the deck of the tub enjoying the view of Alex slowly moving up and down on Mike's pole. A pillow was placed under my head for comfort and I looked up. My eyes were met with James' cock moving towards my lips. I opened them slightly and the huge cockhead made its way forward in between them. I took the head in and sucked on just the tip. It had an earthy taste and moved forward to move it passed my teeth and into my mouth. 

I heard Alex moan as Mike picked up speed, fucking him harder. Mike had some grunts in there too. He was really going at it.

"Going to bang this ass 'til it collapses on me." Mike said.

"Go for it, stud." Alex said sheering him on.

James' cock was moving in and out of my mouth now. I took him down to the pubs. He would stop there and let me swirl my tongue alongside the shaft. Larry picked up speed while working on my cock and he placed a finger inside my puckered ass.

Alex had leaned back on to Mike's chest while he was fucking him and they were on the floor. Greg, who was watching the whole scene, sucked on Alex's cock and let Mikes rhythm move the cock into his mouth. Mike was breathing heavily into Alex ear and I knew that he was about to cum. 

James' precum tasted salty and sweet at the same time. I felt my asscheeks clench and I arced my hips into Larry's mouth as I shot my load deeper into him. He took it all. Larry loved taking cum into his mouth.

James sped up and I felt his balls slap my chin as he forced his cock further into my mouth. His cheeks clenched and he exploded into my mouth. I tried to take the whole load. Larry came up and licked what leaked out of my mouth. 

I heard Mike and Alex moan loudly at the same time. I could see Alex's cum moving into Greg's mouth as he sucked for all he was worth. Mike twitched as he came inside Alex's tight ass. Alex laid on his chest and took him in. I saw Mike's thick, black cock slip out of his ass. I was suckling on James' cock, just cleaning it for him. He looked down and smiled.

"That was great and the whole scene. I can see that we're all going to be having fun with these new council members." He said.

We got up and hit the showers hard. We cleaned all areas and then toweled each other off. We relaxed a bit before breakfast came. I was sitting next to Mike with my arm on his leg, every now and then I'd feel his cock rub my arm.

Breakfast came and we all ate together asking questions about the new life we were headed for and how it would affect us. Alex and James answered the questions to our satisfaction. Then there came a knock on the door. We all looked at one another as Alex went up to get the door.

"She's right on time." He said.

He answered the door and let the person in the room. I heard her voice it was husky and erotic. We looked around not knowing what to do. Alex came into the room with a beautiful woman that had to be at 6'3" with red hair and had an athletic build.

"Gentlemen, I told you that we had partners in this endeavor. I thought it would be a good idea to meet one of them. This is Alexis. She is on the council for the transsexual team. They share this retreat with us and alternate the weeks with us and sometimes join us for a celebration."

She came in and walked around.

"You have a delicious group here Alex. Are they all council members?"

"You know that they are dear."

He walked over to Mike and lifted his cock up. "Nice" she said, 'just came too"

She held Larry's hand and had him stand up. She pulled on his cock and balls. She then turned him around and placed two fingers in his ass. "Tight, I like that" she said.

"Well gentlemen, you are all a fine selection for this council and I hope to work with you all at one point or another. We will meet at the dinner tonight. There are a few more of us just checking in. See you all tonight. Good to see you again Alex." She said as she kissed him.

"Tonight's dinner will signify the end of our time here and their time will begin tomorrow or the next day." Alex said.

We relaxed a bit more and then went over the paperwork for the council's work. It seems that we each have our own tasks and duties with James being the glue between all of us. We packed our things to be transported to the house. The only articles that we were to keep with us is the loin cloths. The transsexuals will have their own loin cloths and will be wearing those to dinner.