 Author's note: Sorry this took so long, but an orgy scene takes planning. Enjoy

******************************************

I woke up to the smell of coffee brewing. Mike was walking into the room with a cup in each hand.

"Here you go. I thought you could use a cup. Today is a big day for the retreat."

"Really? This being my first time here, I don't know what day it is."

"Every Saturday there is an orgy for the guests and today is Saturday!"

"Sounds like fun. When does it start?"

"It's scheduled for 5:00 PM. But it could be sooner or even during dinner."

Drinking the coffee and thinking that this could be fun. I got up and kissed him while making my way to the shower. He followed me to the shower and turned on the warm water. We soaped each other up, cleaning the crevices and our cocks. 

We dried each other off and put on our loincloths; we made our way to the milking area. We met up with Greg and Larry; they were ahead of us in line.

"Hey Jonah, how was last night. You have that just been fucked aura about you." Greg said with a smile. 

I blushed a little, "Yes and it was fantastic," looking at Mike.

"Good. I hope you are ready for tonight. It is shaping up to be a great party. We talked to a few couples and they can't wait for it to start." Larry said.

After being milked, I made my way over to the massage table for a rub down. I was feeling a little sore from last night and needed my strength for tonight. There was not a long line for the tables and they got me in right away. 

"Ah looks like someone got stuffed last night." Said the masseur, "We should get that muscle relaxed."

At that, he took a lubed finger to my hole and worked around the opening first. Then moved to the hole and gently moved his finger in a circle to lube it up a little. I moaned a little as he entered my hole and he moved his finger in a circle once inside. The hole relaxed and opened wider for his finger. My eyes glazed over as he moved in and out of the hole. My cock responded by leaking a little on the table. 

I saw the guys across the pool; they were enjoying the show I was giving everyone. The masseur noticed that I was leaking pre-cum on the table so he pulled his finger out. This action caused me to spasm.

"We don't want you cumming before the party tonight." He said with a smile and continued on with the massage.

Once done I walked over to the other side of the pool and sat down with the others. They were drinking the tropical smoothies that they made here. The smoothies were supposed to help us with stamina, energy, and larger climaxes. I took a smoothie and joined them. We all were enjoying the other couples in various states of enjoyment and exploration of their bodies. 

"Does anyone know what is on the agenda for this evening, other than the orgy, I mean?" I asked.

"No they usually keep it a secret until the event. I do know that we will need to rest up." Said Mike.

"They could include the games we already played, etc."

I shrugged and adjusted my cock for better relaxation. It was getting warm so Mike and I went back to the room to cool down and get some sleep. Mike and I walked down the hall with our arms around each other. When we got into the room, we found that the fan was on and the thermostat was set to 65; perfect for sleeping or sex. 

He went into the bathroom as I looked around the room and I finally just sat on the bed. I heard the shower turn on, "C'mon, in babe we need to be clean." I really didn't need it but I went in anyway. He was washing off the soap. "Oh good, can you help me with my back?" he eyed me.

"Sure, where's the soap?"

I found it and started to soap up his back and his ass, which he spread his ass cheeks so that I could get to his ring. I scrubbed his back and got down to his toned ass. Spread the cheeks and cleaned out the ring by placing two fingers inside. He moaned a bit and inhaled sharply. I didn't want him to cum too soon so is just did a few strokes and then stood up.

We dried off and got ready for bed. We faced each other and kissed deeply before we got into bed. He had his hands on my ass cheeks and he spread them while kneading them. I felt the coolness of the room in my ass, I moaned. Our cocks were rubbing against one another and giving us semis.

We laid down in the bed, knowing that we needed to rest for the orgy would go all night. We drifted off to sleep holding one another, he moved to look at the clock. Kissing me to wake me, "Time to wake up, we have to eat before the activities." I got up and went into the bathroom.

We made our way to the milking station first. We wanted to make the night last and it allowed for more fun all around. 

"Ah a couple, how nice", said one of the attendants.

"Just ring them and milk them" his partner said.

I leaned up against the bar and felt his hands on my cock as he stroked it downwards. He got into a rhythm as he milked me, I had my head down and allowed for the sensation. I felt the lotion on his hands that allowed for smother strokes and it excited me. My legs started to feel the hip muscles beginning to buckle as I was about to cum, hard too. At that point he grabbed my balls and pulled down as I came with a grunt. While I as cumming he placed a ring around my balls and clamped it down. This was the first time I had one of those one and it surprised me.

"Don't you worry; it'll help you later on." He said as he cleaned me up and applied more lotion.

We left the milking area and went into the dining room. All the food was prepared and it looked great. We all ate and talked excitedly about the evening and what may happen. The one of the guys at the head table stood up, his cock going below the table.

"We have one rule, no one gets hurt, bruised maybe but not hurt." He said with a smile. "Everything is in the next room and you are allowed outside. Just go with whatever happens and if you feel something in your ass bear down on it."

We finished our meals and walked into the next room, once in the room they took our loincloths. I was in a group with Mike, Greg, and Larry. We made our way to the games. The popular twister was out and people were already lining up for it. We sat on the couch watching the group. We were gently stroking each other and enjoying the sights. I heard moaning behind us and I looked back and there was a group on the table getting blow jobs. This gave me an idea. I stood up and walked over to one of them and placed my hardening cock in his mouth.

Mike gave me a look, "well I had to put something in there." I said.

"You're right. I'm going over to the twister to see what tight ass I can get into."

He came over and kissed me while he put a finger in my ass for luck. I moved further into the mouth of the guy sucking my cock. I looked down at the guy being sucked by another who was stroking his own cock. I looked down and saw that my cock was balls deep into this guy's mouth. His tongue wrapped around my shaft, which gave a slight stroking action sensation. I pulled on his hardening nipples, he moved his head back and moaned in appreciation. 

I positioned myself so that I was in front of him and he craned his neck back so that I could enter his throat as a straight shot. I fucked his throat pistoning my cock into his mouth. I placed my hands on his muscular chest for better lunging power and slowed down my strokes. His mouth was warm and moist as it lubricated my shaft. I moaned my appreciation and felt my cock get harder, I thought I was going to cum but I couldn't. I then realized that the ring was preventing it. This allowed for longer fucking and more enjoyment. No wonder these events went on and on. However, my body did respond as I spasmed and had a dry orgasm. I pulled out of his mouth and bent down to kiss him, he shoved his tongue in my mouth.

"Thank you, I had to suck on something." He said with a smile.

I moved back to the couch and saw that Mike was just placing his cock into Larry's tight ass. Larry moved his hips further back and took all of 13' of the monster cock. The look on Mike's face was one of pure pleasure. He stopped so that Larry could get used to the length and girth of the cock. Then he moved forward slowly and held onto Larry's hips. Once Larry was used to it he pumped into him hard and fast. He was moving into him faster and Larry had his eyes closed. I could tell he was taking it for what he was worth.

I looked around the room and saw that everyone was either fucking or sucking a cock. So I got up and went to the counter, pour a cup of tea and just soaked in the scene that was before me. It was an enjoyable sight and I smiled. It was about this time I felt a hard cock knocking on my back door and didn't wait for me to say come on in. It slammed into my ass as hands pulled my cheeks apart. The cock stayed there for about three seconds and then began ramming me hard. 

I felt hot breath on my ear. "I needed to fuck something firm and your ass seemed like the best thing at the time." The voice said.

I leaned back into the body and he reached around and started to stroke my cock. he had lobe in his hand as his strokes became longer. His cock rhythm became smoother and longer with his cock strokes. I knew this would last as the rings stopped any cumming. I did let out some pre-cum.

"I love that you can pre-cum through the ring." He said, "now turn around and up on the counter."

I turned around and he lifted up my hips and I laid down on the cool counter. My back arched at the cold temperature. He shoved his cock further in me. I looked up and saw Rich, from the head table. He had a 12'cock and knew how to use it. He leaned down and kissed me with his tongue exploring my inner mouth. I kissed him back hard.

He leaned back, placing his weight on my thighs and using them as leverage to fuck me harder. He also started stroking my cock as he fucked me. This gave him more leverage and base to hold on to. His stroking kept me hard and pre-cum was lubricating my cock.

"God your ass is sweet. Mike must be doing something right. Tom, Alex get over here and help me fuck this sweet ass."

They came over and Alex placed his cock into my mouth. What it didn't have in length it made up for in girth. Tom went to stroking my cock, he then bent down and took it into his mouth. I was in senses overload at that point. Rich in my ass pumping for all he was worth; I was sucking on Alex's cock with Tom sucking mine. Rich and Alex were kissing as Tom sucked my cock. he also alternated between that to sucking my balls.

I felt Alex shutter in my mouth and he moaned, "Oh god, that warm mouth finished me."

I was stroking Tom while he sucked me, he started quivering and moaned loudly, "Oh man I'm cumming!"

Rich smiled as he started stroking my cock faster and pumping my ass harder. We "came" together and hard too. He fell on me as did the other two. I did manage to look at Mike who smiled. He had just finished with a few other guys. Larry was asleep in Greg arms on the couch, both looked satisfied. 

It was late or early depending on how you looked at it. The guys got up and each kissed me, they mentioned that they would be in touch in the morning. Mike had come up and helped me on my feet.

"C'mon, let's go to the room and get cleaned up. You are putting off some powerful hormones dude." He said as he put his arm around me. We had to stop by the milking station to get the rings off. I about fell on the attendant as he stroked my balls.

"Wow loaded with cum, even after all the pre-cum. Hmmm going to need a bowl here. Or do you want it Mike?" He said looking at Mike.

"He'll cum again tonight, don't you worry about that." Mike said with a wink.

The attendant decided on a coffee cup to catch the cum. I doubted that there would be any. What I didn't know was that there was warm coffee in the cup and as he released the ring my cock spasmed hard and came into the mug. I was orgasming all over again. He rubbed my balls to make sure they were emptied. I must have filled the cup.

Mike and I walked to our room with our arms around one another. We had forgotten the loincloths, as did most people, so our cocks were swaying back and forth. We got into the room and heading for the showers. We washed each other's back and cocks. We did this all in silence and kissed frequently. Once in bed Mike rolled onto me and kissed me deeply. I returned it and cupped his ass cheeks with my hands. Mike was looking into my eyes as we rubbed cocks together. We were both sporting semis.

He sucked on one of my nipples and I pulled his head to my chest. I felt his hand reach down and put a finger at the ring of my ass. I moved my legs apart more. All the while he was sucking my nipple and then he looked into my eyes again. 

"I love you, Jonah." He said as he moved forward into my ass passed the ring.

"Mike I love you too."

He paused to allow me to adjust, he then thrusted further and harder inside. I cried out as it hit my spot. He set a steady pace and move his hips around for more stimulation. He fucked me while kissing me, he would slide up and look down as he stroked my cock.

"Turn over and on your knees."

I did and he entered me again. Whispering in my ear as he was fucking me. He then had me lean up on my knees and he continued to fuck me. My cock was hitting my stomach. Mike reached forward and was stroking my cock as he fucked me. I could feel his cockhead swell and he was about to cum. He jerked me faster and I started bucking my hips and so did he. I came on the towel we laid down and he came in my ass. 

"Keep cumming!!" I moaned.

"Here's my turn!" He came in my ass.

We tried to stay standing on our knees, but I couldn't and fell on the bed and I knew he tried his best but he couldn't either and fell onto of me. He rolled off me and faced me. His eyes are so beautiful. We kissed and held each other and drifted off to sleep.