 Author's note:

Real life got into the way of my stories. Please make suggestion in the comments area. So far I have had some interesting feedback.

*********************************

I woke up spooning with Mike, he was gently stroking my cock. He was sleep humming in my ear. I felt his hot breath on and in my ear. He had his other hand close to my face so I sucked his forefinger, which he moving in and out. I pretended it was his cock and twirled my tongue around it. He stroked harder and longer on my cock. He moaned that came out from deep in his throat. I moved my ass around, his cock was between my cheeks so I figured it wouldn't take much to get that semi into a raging hard on.

Soon we were both moaning as we woke up. He spread my cheeks further apart and pushed his now hard cock forward to my ass ring. I helped it along by moving ass back against him. His hand on my cock started stroking slower on an even pace. I loved being jacked off by another person.

He whispered into my ear, "Morning baby. Wanna cum?"

"Oh yes and hard too."

"Good because you are going to." He said in his deep voice.

I smiled while sucking on his finger. Knowing that it was going to be a good day. I then turned around and met his eyes. He moved in and kissed me deeply, his tongue went into my mouth probing deeply. I felt his cock on my cock as his hips pushed forward. His hands moved down to my ass cheeks, he cupped them and moved them around spreading them apart. I moved my hands down to his cock and felt hid length.

I stroked and squeezed the length of it, noticing the pre-cum at the tip. It lubricated my hand and I stroked it again. He moved me on to my back as we kissed, our mouths never left each other, tongues intertwined. My hips moved up and wrapped around him automatically. He slipped a finger into my ass to widen the ring to receive his cock. He moved up and held his cock as he thrusted forward into my ass.

I felt him filling me up as he moved passed the muscle and into my ass. He moved back down to my mouth as he thrusted in and out. I had my hands around his head and back while receiving his cock. My hips moved with his thrusts and I felt his cock moving further into my ass, his thrusts started to pick up speed. His cock grew larger if that was possible. I then felt his hips start to shake and I knew he was about to cum. I clamped down with my muscles and he shot into my ass. It felt warm and was welcome. He twitched a little and then moved up on his knees leaving his cock inside me.

"Now baby, your turn." As he grasped my cock.

He stroked my cock evenly. He looked down at me with his hungry eyes. His stroking picked up speed as he squeezed me while moving his hand up to the tip. He did this and felt my cock twitch. I knew I was going to cum soon as did he. He smiled and pulled on my cock harder. I felt his cock harden a bit while in my ass. This was the final sensation I felt as I bucked my hips forward and shot cum on his chest and mine.

"YES!" I cried out as I came.

He fell onto of me and kissed me. "That was a great shot, baby."

We kissed and held each other. Sleeping lightly, we laid in each others arms, rubbing lightly. We woke up and made our way to the showers.

We were cleaning ourselves and did our thorough jobs. Applying soap and lotion to the tender areas. The water felt great on my ass as Mike massaged it so that it wouldn't hurt. 

"What did want to do today?" He asked.

"Not sure really, what does one do after the orgy?"

"Our time is our own and it is for us to relax and regain our strength. I think that even the milking stations are not working today. But the massage beds are."

"Let's have breakfast and then lounge by the pool. I am tired after last night."

"You didn't seem so earlier." He said with a smile.

We got out of the shower and dried each other off.

We were hungry after our morning "workout" and made our way to the dining area. We met up with Larry and Greg as we began to eat, they seem to be excited about something. 

"What's going on with you two?" Mike asked.

"Oh we're just happy being here and a little sad that it has to end." Greg said.

"Yeah, well all good things must come to an end." I said.

We ate in relative quiet and were amazed at the food. Its taste was better than most five star restaurants. We were making small talk as other groups that we had known were milling around. We saw Peter as he was part of one group and had his arm around a beautiful who seemed to show him the same interest. I was happy for him; he didn't start out on the right foot but know is coming into his own. 

We made our way outside to the pool and sat back in the lounge chairs. We adjusted out cocks for more freedom. I was about to fall asleep again, when a I felt hands on my balls and cock. I looked up expecting to see Mike or at least Larry, but it was a stranger. He looked at me and smiled.

"You looked like you needed to be cleaned up a bit sir, do you mind?"

"No go right ahead."

He applied a warm cloth around my balls as he took my cock and washed it up and down with another washcloth. The water was warm and the soap tingled a little. he moved my legs up a little and sat in between them. He applied cleanser to my anal ring. 

"This will aid in repair of stretched muscles and any tears that are smaller than we can see. It also acts as lube too." He said.

"It tingles and I can feel my ring relaxing a bit."

"It will be that way for about an hour or so. I will give you a semi as well, if you need it."

He stroked my cock with the lube and the tingling continued. The others were up for a little cleaning too. He went down the line. He did focus on Mike's cock longer due to its size. They both like the sensation. Mike always likes someone stroking his cock. The attendant the size impressed him.

After he was done and stood up and excused himself, he made his way to the other side of the pool. We enjoyed the sun and the sensation of the lube. Almost nodding off I felt a shadow come over and I looked up and saw a nervous young man standing there.

"Are you Jonah and Mike?" he asked.

"Yes we are and Greg and Larry are here too. Why do you ask?"

"The council would like to speak to all of you as soon as you can get ready."

We looked at each other, the council this could be serious. We've met them before, at least I did as they came in me and one me at the kitchen table during orgy night. Now they wanted to speak to us, all of us. We went back to our rooms to get some fresh loincloths. We were not really sure what to wear, since we all wear the same thing. We did notice that there were fresh ones laid out of us. They were different somehow though, more colorful and underneath them there were cock rings. No one wore these before as the milking station gave us greater control and the diet gave us more stamina when we needed it. 

"Well this meeting could be more fun than I thought." Greg said.

Larry and Greg hit the shower and Mike stroked me to give the ring something to cling on to. Once it place, it felt odd for a bit but good. I sucked on the tip Mike's cock as I slipped his ring in place it helped him keep his semi. We put on our loincloths on as Larry and Greg came out of the shower and dried each other off. 

I asked, "Do you guys want help putting on the rings?"

Mike handed the rings to them.

"If you want to help us. That would be great." Greg said.

I went over to Larry and Mike was going to help Greg. I went behind Larry and reached around to get to his cock, he wasn't at a semi yet so I nuzzled his neck and breathed into his ear. 

I whispered, "C'mon baby get hard for me. It'll be easier."

He moaned and I grabbed the base of his shaft and pulled on it towards the bed. He was getting harder, so I stretched the ring and slipped it along his shaft and around his balls.

"See it was easy." As I kissed his cheek, he turned around and tongued my mouth making us both harder.

"Thanks, I always hate to put these things on."

We looked at Greg and Mike. Mike was sucking on Greg's hardening cock and pulling on his balls. The ring was on already.

"Mike, what are doing? The ring is on him."

"Sorry just got carried away. His pre-cum tastes so good." He said standing up.

He came over to me and shoved his tongue in my mouth so I could taste Greg. 

"I see what you mean and we will continue this tonight guys."

There was a knock on the door. 

"I am here to escort your gentlemen to the council room. They do not like to be kept waiting. There are consequences as well." He said. 

We had seen him around before, he was a big, black Nubian gentleman and had a nice muscular ass and his back was well muscular toned as well. He was packing a six pack abs and his nipples looked perpetually hard. I did notice his black cock was peeking out of his loincloth. It had a slight bend to it and had a soft look to it. 

All four of us walked with the escort ahead of us. We each were holding are partner's hand. Our Nubian guide led us to the council's chambers. He stopped right at their door. 

"Just knock once and put your loincloths on the table on the right. It is tradition to meet the council nude and with the ring on." He said with a smile.

He checked our rings to make sure they hadn't slipped during our walk. He tweaked all of our cocks a bit.

"That ought to do it. Remember, cloths on the table."

I nodded remembering how Tom, Alex, and Rich had taken me on orgy night. It was totally animalistic. It will be interesting to hear what they have to say to us. So with some nervousness Mike knocked and we were allowed in and we removed our loincloths, placing them on the table.

The council member were Tom, Alex, and Rich plus 3 other that I did not know but have seen. They were sitting down at a long table and were naked from the waist up. 

"Hello gentlemen, thank you for coming." Alex stared.

"You probably have a lot of questions as is what is going on. First introductions need to be made. You know Tom, Alex and myself., Rich said," To my left are Joe, Sal, and Hank. Together we run the retreat and the activities."

Hank stood up an I could see that he was not wearing the loincloth and was sporting a good size cock. he walked over in front of the table and leaned back. "We want to you to know that we have noticed your assistance and caring towards the others that needed help alone the way."

"Yes" Sal agreed, "You have shown great concern and compassion to them and others. A lot of people would have ignored others and moved on. The purpose of this retreat is to learn about each other and ourselves. Also the week long sexcapade is a help too." He said with a smile. 

Joe stood and walked towards us. "You four seemed to have found love here. Though it is not unheard of and as I said earlier it is unexpected."

Alex stood as well, "This brings us to our meeting. You see the council rotates its officers periodically and we have come to a time that we need to pick new officers. Four of us are moving on in our organizations and cannot devote the time needed to the retreat. As it stands Tom, Alex, Joe and I are moving on and we would like you four to take our places. If you agree we will contact your work places and notify them as to what you will be working on."

Our faces must have shown total surprise. Our mouths must have dropped opened in shock.

"You do not have to make your decision now. We will give you the remaining two days to decide. In the meantime, the proposals will be in your rooms when you get back. But first," He said walking over to me and placed a hand on my face, "I want to get a taste of that sweet ass I had the night of the orgy."

Looking back to the council members, "Gentlemen I believe that our agenda is done and now it is time to relax a bit with our guests."