 I want to thank everyone's encouragement. Please let me know if I should continue in the comments section. We are coming to the end of the Retreat so I may need to change the name, if I continue the series. Thanks-J

***********************************************

Date Night

We made it to our room and sat down in the chairs. We found the packets that were promised on the table with our names on them. We each read the packets and were mesmerized by what we saw. If we joined the council we were given a salary, benefits, free room and board when the retreat was organized.

Our duties were to organize the retreat and select the participants and to make sure that the building was kept up. We even had one in European event that we would use once a year. It was too good to pass up, I was tired of reading for the evening. I saw that Mike was into the document as he had relaxed in the chair he spread his knees a bit. I could see his cockhead peeking out. The others were beginning to get tired of reading as well, their eyes were wandering too. 

Greg and Larry got up and went to take a shower. I heard the water running and was imagining what they were doing with one another. My cock started to move the loincloth up. Mike was still distracted as I knelt down and lifted his cloth off him and revealed his semi-hard cock. It was still pliable and I placed the tip in my mouth and swirled my tongue on the head. I heard a moan come from deep in his throat.

"Well it is time to stop reading now isn't it?"

"I had to get your attention somehow. This was the easiest way. Larry and Greg are in the shower so I needed to suck me some good size cock."

With that I took him deeper into my mouth as I pulled on his balls and moan as I went down close to his shaft base. I could never deep throat a really hard cock of his. He had to be semi-hard for me to graze on his pubic hair. He held my head with his hands as he face fucked me.

"Oh baby. Alex was right your mouth is so sweet."

I felt his shaft get slicker and I knew it was his pre-cum. Pulling harder on his balls caused him to delay cumming. He slowed down fucking my mouth and then lifted me off my knees. As we faced each other he kissed me hard and his tongue went into my mouth. Our tongues mingled and explored each other's mouth. 

We stood there kissing as the loincloths fell to the floor and he turned me around and moved down to my ass. He had me bend slightly and stuck his tongue in between the cheeks. I could feel the wetness of his breath as it helped open my ass. He placed a finger at the ring and tapped it a couple of times. This sent a shiver up my spine. His finger worked its way inside as his tongue licked it as well. I opened up to him willingly to allow for deeper probing. 

As he was moving his finger inside my ass, he licked my balls. My cock was leaking pre-cum. It dibbled down to my balls and onto his tongue. I almost fell on him as I moved down to my knees on the floor. I was down on both my hands and knees as he finished licking my balls and he moved behind me.

"I like this position for us it opens you up better." He breathed into my ear.

I felt his cock slip into my asscheeks and make it way to the inner ring. He moved forward and I back to allow his cock access. It popped passed the ring and further inside. He fucked me hard in this position. His thrusts were steady and were moving his hard cock further into my ass. I was moaning and did not notice that we had an audience. 

Larry and Greg were standing there watching our scene while stroking each other. Then Greg came over and moved in front of me. He had his cock rocking a hard on and was at mouth level. Larry and moved underneath me and took my cock into his mouth as Greg had straddled him and I took his cock into my mouth. So I was being fucked in the ass and sucking on an equaling long and hardening shaft. I was also being milked by a warm mouth. As Greg was sliding his cock into my mouth, I felt around for Larry's cock and started stroking it. It was already leaking pre-cum which allowed me to stroke it with ease. 

"Yeah jack that cock baby while we fuck you." Mike said in a deep voice and in between thrusts. Greg's cock was twitching and I could tell he was going to cum soon. He pulled out of my mouth to allow his cock cool down. He relaxed a bit. I held Larry's cock up and Greg moved into position. I held the cock up and guided it into Greg's ass. He spread his cheeks to allow it to enter. It slipped in and he down on it. Once in he moved his ass to make sure it was in. he then move up and down to allow Larry to fuck him. 

I was holding onto Greg's shaft for leverage to move on Mike's cock, Larry increased his sucking pressure. I felt all the cocks either in me on I had a hold of start to twitch. I felt my explosion into Larry's mouth and released a full load downward into his mouth that kept on sucking. Mike's cock filled my ass with his cum and he collapsed on my back kissing my neck. 

Greg's came in my face and I sucked the tip to get the rest of it. Larry grunted and bucked his hips up into Greg's ass. He came into that ass hard. All of us being exhausted we fell into a heap on the ground. We must have drifted off for a bit as I woke up with Greg's cock in my mouth and Mike's in my ass. We were still on the floor when I noticed four envelopes on the floor by the door.

There was a note on the top one saying that they did not want to disturb us. Each envelope had a name on them. We opened our respective envelopes. 

Sal had mentioned that we would be contacted by council members as part of the transition process. We all had different people to meet for dinner. I was to meet with Sal and Mike with Alex. We had about 5 hours or so. We all went into the shower and cleaned ourselves and each other. Then he headed for the bed as one lump of intertwined bodies. We slept for a good part of two hours.

Mike woke me up by kissing my mouth and used his tongue to help. 

"Welcome to the world of the awaken. I see that your cock woke up before you." He said.

"It always does especially with your body rubbing against me." I smiled.

I heard the showers turn off. Larry and Greg must have finished in them. 

"We woke up earlier and got busy so we could focus on the dinner." Larry said.

"Good idea, but I am sure that our dinner dates will want some action tonight." Mike said.

"Speaking of which, what are we supposed to wear or do we go in wearing the loincloths?" I asked.

"The loincloths I guess they didn't leave us any cloths."

I was to meet Sal in the dining room and enjoy a meal with him, so I went into the shower and cleaned up myself. Mike joined me and cleaned himself up and my back and I reciprocated paying special attention to his ass and the ring inside. He kissed me with his tongue.

"I love it when you clean my ass." He smiled.

"Just wanted you to get relaxed, Alex has a big cock and likes to munch on your ass and balls. His cock will also stretch your hole too."

We moved into the rest of the room with the others. They were getting "dressed" and either reading or relaxing.

"So do we have a decision yet?" I asked.

"I think I do." Mike said. "I am going to accept, if he asks tonight."

Greg, Larry, and I nodded in agreement.

"Only if they ask, because they may not want our decision yet." I said.

We went into the hall and walked to our respective destination. Before Mike and I split up we kissed as did Larry and Greg.

"When next we meet we'll have a great time either way." I said to the group, "Your cock needs a little help." 

I pulled on Mike's cock a little. It came to life in response. We kissed again.

I walked to the dining room. Where I was to meet Sal, I saw the Nubian, James, at the entrance. He saw me approaching and he nodded. "He is already seated and waiting for you. You are right on time, he likes that and so do I." James said.

"I do as well. Thank you for waiting."

The Nubian escorted me into the dark restaurant. I saw Sal at a table and he rose and shook my hand. He was wearing a loincloth too. He was in good shape, didn't have the perfect 6-pack abs, but it looked like he did at one point. he had a touch of gray hair on his head and his chest. His cock was peeking out from the loincloth a little. 

"Thank you for meeting me, I hope to have a nice meal and talk for our dinner."

"So do I sir. I am a little nervous about meeting with anyone on the council."

"We're not too bad and I won't scare you too much, and you can forget the 'sir' thing we know each other more intimately than for that." He smiled as we sat down.

There was a candle on the table and there was music in the background. We ordered our food and then looked at one another.

"I like a little romance around here, the world could use some more. Now you're probably wondering why we have this place." He started.

"Yes a few of us have been interested in that, it is kind of weird to have an organization like this attached to businesses."

"Well we do cater to a few different industries and fetishes as well. You will get to know these soon. Just one to know about is the organization of She males we cater to and plan. Our respective boards meet from time to time. Now that is a fun week."

"I bet. I too like romance, it has been lost a little I think."

"Yes it has," he said as he stroked my hand a little," something as simple as a light touch can be the most erotic thing to the right person. Like stroking the hand on the cheek." 

He moved his hand up to my cheek and moved it down my jaw line to my chin, it felt warm and enticing. He smiled as he moved his hand to the other side of my face.

"Your skin has many different textures, soft in on area and rough in another. So erotic at times." 

He moved in closer and moved his hand down my cheek to my neck. His face was closed to mine as I brought up my hand to cup his left cheek. It was on the rough side and I could hear him growl a bit and I knew then that this was a prelude to what was to come. He looked into my eyes and moved in closer and kissed me, not to hard or too fast just a perfect kiss. We held it for a while and moved only our lips. We heard our food coming so we broke apart which was harder to do now. 

We ate and talked a bit while enjoying our meal.

"Is James a butler to the council or what? Does he go with you guys everywhere?" I asked.

"His story is complicated. He does do some butler duties and he is a companion to the council. He does join into some of the activities or just sleeps with one council members and more." Sal leaned in, "he has the greatest cock though and his ass is so muscular."

"Yes he does. It is just that I find his role very confusing. It looks like he does everything. He is a tremendous asset to the council."

"He is and is a great. By the way he loves the orgies you guys have in your rooms. He hasn't seen them, but heard them"

So he listens in too, for some reason this made my cock leak a little pre-cum.

We ate some more and finished our meals.

"I hope you don't mind but I have dessert waiting for us in my room. So we can have a little more privacy." Sal asked.

"No problem, I'm not full yet."

"Oh you will be." He said with a smile.

We made our way through the hall and to his room. It was off the main way.

"The council members get their own hall and all of the rooms connect for more cozy gatherings." He said.

Images ran through my head at the scenes that would be conducted here. We came to his room and went in. It was a huge suite that had its own hot tube and double shower. The bed was a four poster bed and was a super king size one. There were bathrobes hanging in the closet and they looked soft and roomy. 

We moved to the couch to where the dessert was waiting for us. 

"Have a seat and make yourself comfortable, I'll take this." He said as he untied my loincloth and let it fall. My cock swung free and was at semi-hard status. I saw that his cloth was on the floor too and his cock was hardening as well. As I made my way over to the couch, he lowered the lights and turned on some music.

"I like classical music as times. It is so rhythmic." He smiled.

"I like that as well. The food looks good too."

He came over and sat beside me and looked at my eyes again. Moving his hands up my legs and toward my crotch. We leaned towards each other and kissed this time our tongues went into each other's mouths. I felt his hands on my cock as he squeezed it a little. I felt his cock on my thigh move. We parted and smiled.

"Here try this." He said as he reached for the chocolate strawberries and traced one down to my mouth. I let my tongue swirl around it before taking it in. I could tell he liked it a little as he moaned.

I then took a strawberry and held it up to his chest. I rubbed it on his one of his nipples and moved it over to the other one. Leaning in I sucked it off his nipple and they got harder.

"Oh yes, that feels so good. Keep sucking."

I sucked harder and moved my hands to the engorged cock waiting for me. He had a hand on the back of my head as he wanted more of his nipple in my mouth. I moved to the other one and started the same suction on it.

He lifted my head and smiled down at me. He kissed me deeply and pulled me up towards him. I sat beside him kissing and stroking his cock. It was soft and his balls nestled underneath it. They were large and oval as they were lightly cover with his hair. 

I was stroking his shaft with long and even strokes with a gentle squeeze at the tip. The look on his face was ecstatic. I moved to lay on top of him and kissed his lips, then moved down his body stopping at his nipples and gave each a suckling. I then moved down with my tongue and stuck it in his navel. I explored that area fir a bit. He moaned. 

"I love when that area is probed with a tongue. I can feel it all the way into my ass."

I smiled as I continued my journey down to the base of his shaft. I wrapped my tongue around the base as best I could and licked upwards to the bottom of his head. He tasted salty and I saw that he was leaking pre-cum. I held the base straight and swallowed his cock all the way down to my hand that was holding the base. 

I heard him moan deeply as he said, "Oh man take me all in your mouth."

I sucked his cock up and down he almost came but I stopped as I wanted to prolong this moment. He moved me up the couch and had me sit on as he sucked my nipples. I ran my hands through is hair and pulled him to my chest. He moved down and came to my pre-cum soaked semi-hard cock.

"I'll have to lick this clean now." He smiled.

"Please do."

He took me into his hot mouth and his magical tongue danced on my cockhead as he took the pre-cum in him. He moved down to my balls and sucked one into his mouth and pulled gently down. I almost shot right there but he was squeezing my cock. I spasmed a little and he smiled as the mini orgasm went through me. He slipped a finger down into my ass as he moved to my cockhead. I felt this and smiled a moan.

"Oh yeah shove that finger in there find that gland." I said.

He pushed it in further and found the prostrate and he clamped down harder on my cock with his mouth. He sucked and move his finger around. My hips bucked and I came in his mouth, it was so much that it leaked out of sides of his mouth. He lapped up the rest and licked my balls to soothe them.

He moved down to my ass that was still quivering from the orgasm. He moved two fingers inside my hole and held them there for me to get used to them. Once that was done he moved them forward up into me. He started in with his tongue to help lubricate the ring. My legs were up and over my face. He moved up and kissed me as he placed the tip of his cock against my inner ring and moved forward. I relaxed as much as I could as he thrusted forward at a steady pace. 

His eyes were looking into mine as he did this action. They widen as he made it past the ring and into me. I moaned as I felt him fill me up with his cock. He would stop at times to allow for me to get used to his cock. I was used to Mike's large cock and it wasn't an issue, however Sal's was wider and this took time to get used to. He started moving in and out in a steady rhythm.

He leaned back as he fucked my ass, he would rub my balls as he quickened up his pace. He held my cock and used it to get better positioning. He used my cock as a handle to allow himself better thrusts into my ass. He rammed his cock in further, which I did not think possible and my cock responded by leaking more pre-cum. He moved his hand up and down my cock as he continued to fuck my ass at steady pace. 

"I'm going cum soon, my friend. It is no wonder that Alex likes this sweet ass."

"I'm going to cum again soon."

I felt his cock twitch inside me as his pace sped up. He pulled it out of my ass and my vacant hole twitched. This made me cum again. Sal pointed his cock towards my chest and he shot his load on my cock and stomach. The look on his face was one of ecstasy. He laid onto of me and we kissed as we were exhausted.

"Man you have a great ass, Jonah" He said.

"I didn't know your cock could go further up my ass like that it was growing as it was inside me."

We moved to the hot tub and sat down in the warm water. His hand was on my leg and my head was on his shoulder as we sat there for a while. We let the warm water relax our muscles and cocks. We kissed and he squeezed my cock a little. I smiled and looked at him.

"You and your friends may be doing more of this in the future. I for one hope you accept and we can all be in a hot tub."

"I do to, we haven't discussed it much, but it looks good so far."

He felt my balls and moved a finger down to my ass ring. "You seem to recover quickly to being fucked in the ass." He smiled.

"You have a lot of energy and it is infectious."

We relaxed a little bit more, gently messaging each other. I sat on his lap and leaned in and kissed him. Our cocks rubbing against one another.

I asked, "So how was this interview?"

He wrapped his arms around me, both hands on my asscheeks and said, "This went very well. Let's get you back to your room and the others. I hate that you have to leave but if all goes well we all will be seeing more of each other," 

I got out of the tub, he dried me off and helped me with the loincloth and I helped him get dressed as well. We walked to my room's hallway and he stopped and kissed me.

"This is where I have to stop, rules you know, and wish you a good night I believe Alex will want a piece of you when his time comes. He was supposed to meet with Mike tonight. You are under no obligation to keep our meeting a secret amongst your roommates. The general population does not need to know." He kissed me one time with his tongue down my throat and squeezed my cock and walked off.

I went to my room and saw James at the door,

"Hello James, why are you standing here at attention?"

"I am to make sure all is OK and that you are safe and unhurt. I do this for all of the dates tonight." He opened the door and walked in with me. We were the only ones here.

"Lay down on the bed on you back please."

I did and moved the loincloth and rubbed my balls and my cock, he did this to make sure all was well. He moved my knees up and placed a soothing ice dildo in my ass. It loved that part even though it was cold.

"You seem good, now roll over and sleep. I will wait for the others to return." He said.

"Thank you James. I appreciate you looking out for us."

He smiled and stroked my cheek and chin," You will show that appreciation many times. I see that your cock agrees." He walked off to assume his position outside.

I drifted off to sleep to wait for the others to return.