 I've licked a lot of holes. 

Don't get me wrong, I'm no slut, but rimming is by far my favorite thing to do to a guy, especially when I find one like the guy I'm about to tell you about.

He and I met on a hookup website last year. (Surprise, surprise.) He was 19 years old, living in a college dorm, and looking for a nice guy like me to show him a good time. I was smitten with his face right from the start, long before I ever gazed into his perfectly puckered pussy. He was so beautiful, and still is, of course. We've only hooked up twice so far, but both times were orgasmically perfect.

So yeah, about that sweet hole of his...

We started by making out for a while, our tongues and lips massaging each other in a dance that got both of us very hard within seconds, and after a few minutes of that, I was aching to tongue his hole body, too, from his head down to his toes. I quickly peeled his shirt off, and then his skinny jeans, and a moment later, I was swallowing his cock and balls whole. But let me skip ahead to the best part...

I've licked a lot of holes. For me, though, it's less about the act of rimming itself, and more about the results I get from it. What can I do to make the guy I'm pleasing moan? What can I do to his body to make him stir in my sheets, and show me he's in love with what I'm doing to him? 

And for this guy? He shook. Like, he literally shook in my bed. He pulsed and quivered as my tongue explored every crevice of his sweet hole, outside and in, and especially as I attended to everywhere around his hole, too. It was like I was wrangling a wild animal as he kept wiggling with delight as I gave him the best tongue fucking he'd ever felt.

You never know when you begin making out with a guy's hole what will set him off, what will please him the most, so you've got to try everything. And though this guy enjoyed it all, it seemed, there were certainly some areas I licked and kissed that made him vibrate and shake and quake beneath me. He almost screamed when I made out with the skin between his thigh and balls on either leg. He squirmed with a fire in his eyes as he pleaded with me to pace myself, lest he explode too soon. He even grabbed me by the arm a couple of times, urging me to take a break, if only for a few seconds, to give his cock time to rest from the pulsing cum threatening to burst all over us both.

I kept licking his boy pussy so much and so deep, he was purring like a cat, sweaty with the intensity of how I made him feel, and truly vibrating like my tongue was touching every inch of him, inside and out.

You never know how a guy will react when you lick his hole. Some get nothing from it, but most--99% I've found--love it. This guy was by far the best guy I've ever rimmed. Not only did he shake with delight, but he squirmed so much, too. It was as if he was trying to avoid me going further at times, but when I asked him if I should stop, he pleaded with me to continue.

He somehow controlled himself long enough to not cum at all while I rimmed him, but couldn't help himself later on when I lifted his feet to my shoulders and slid my cock in. Feeling his hot hole wrap around my cock was proof of how much I'd warmed him up earlier, and by the time we both came, it was like a deluge of rainfall long after the thunder rumbles across the sky.

He and I met up just one other time this past year, but I haven't had the chance to see him or his beautiful hole again since. I really miss them both. 

He found himself a boyfriend soon after our last encounter, as bad luck for me would have it, but the boyfriend is already out of the picture, so we've begun talking again. It's a delicate dance we seem to have, this guy and me. If I come on too strong, I could push him away, yet whenever we talk, I feel like he's still thinking about how he felt when he was with me. I bet he can still feel my tongue lapping away on and in his tight little hole. Maybe we'll finally have our reunion soon. My tongue and his sweet little boy hole: a match made in rimming heaven.