 Warmer weather was firmly entrenched in South Florida and it was time to take my first outing in the inflatable kayak I had recently purchased. All went well for the first couple hours. I had arrived at the state park, inflated my kayak and spent the time cruising amongst the mangroves and enjoying the beauty of nature and all the wildlife.

As it was getting close to noon I thought I would head back to the parking lot to get my lunch out of the cooler in my trunk. As I neared the parking lot I had to cross the channel used by larger boats. I tried to time my crossing so as to encounter no wakes from passing boats. I had no sooner gotten to the center of the channel when a 28 foot cabin cruiser rounded a bend not too far from me. I frantically rowed to get clear of the channel, but got caught in the cabin cruiser's wake from the rear. The next thing I knew I was swimming in the channel, trying desperately to catch up to my paddle which was floating away with the tide. By the time I caught up to my paddle I was at least 50 feet away from my overturned kayak, and exhausted.

Over my shoulder I heard a voice "looks like you could use some help." 

Another boater had seen me capsize and had come to my aid. We gathered in my floating gear and headed for the launch ramp at the parking lot. As we cruised over to the parking lot I took the seat next to his in the cockpit of the boat and we talked about the other boater, and how he didn't even stop to help. I told him that I was glad that he had been there, and would have been in big trouble without his help.

He said "no problem, I'm glad to help." He was just on his way to do a little fishing, and was hoping that he had brought the right bait. As he said that he dropped his hand to his crotch and squeezed his cock. 

I pretended not to notice, but we both knew I had seen what he had done. I was a little taken aback by the action, but was not sure of his intentions, if he had any.

We tied up to the ladder at the launch ramp and he suggested that I go get my lunch and bring it back to the boat, and eat lunch with him. When I returned he had swiveled in his seat and was now facing directly at my seat. We sat there and ate lunch and talked about fishing, the weather, etc. and I really started to like the guy. He had an air about him that exuded self confidence and masculinity. He was well tanned and looked good in his bathing suit.

After we had finished eating I thanked him for his help and said "I owe you one" and that I better get my gear together so he can get to his fishing spot.

He said "if I brought the right bait maybe we can stay right here."

When I looked over he had his hand at his crotch massaging the head of his cock, which was now hanging out of his bathing suit. I sat there and just stared at him masturbating for I don't know how long before I looked up to see a big smile on his face. I was embarrassed, but excited. I had seen a lot of cocks in locker rooms, but had never seen one being played with no more than three feet away. Like a lot of guys I have had many curious thoughts and fantasies about sucking a cock, but had never more than thought about it. I told him that I was not gay and had never done anything with another guy. 

He replied "well you have obviously thought about it before" and that he would like to be my first. He then added, "After all I may have just saved your life." 

I have to admit that I was not turned off by the offer. The solitude of the boat ramp and the surrounding mangroves provided all the privacy necessary to do whatever we wanted to do.

By this time his cock was hard and filling his fist, while he continued to masturbate in front of me. He stood up, dropped his bathing suit and stepped forward to stand next to my seat. There I was, no further than a foot from an erect cock waving in front of my face. The time for talking had passed. I leaned forward and slid my fingers around his cock. It was firm, warm and sticky with pre-cum. It seemed so natural and comfortable as it slid back and forth between my fingers. I stuck out my tongue to lick a drop of pre-cum off the tip of his cock and felt his hand on the back of my neck. I had no intention of backing off, but he made sure by pulling my head forward to envelop two or three inches of his cock with my mouth. Wow, what a sensation. The taste of his pre-cum and the feel of his cock sliding over my lips, tongue and the roof of my mouth were wonderful. My thought at that moment was I may not be gay, but I am definitely a cock sucker. I wanted nothing more than to please this man. Not because he had pulled me from the water, but because he had his cock in my mouth and I was going to make him glad he put it there. My wife loves to suck my cock and is very good at it, so it was just a matter of doing to him what she does to me. I knew now why she likes to suck cock so much. 

What a thrill to feel a cock in my mouth; the heat, the taste and hearing the moans and words of encouragement from the man you are pleasing.

Every moan or "oh yes, that is so good" from him just drove me to make him feel even better if possible.

I couldn't help but make love to the head of his cock. The feel of it in my mouth was driving me crazy with lust. This was the answer to countless hours of fantasizing and imagining what it would be like to have a cock in my mouth. Feeling his hands on my head and hearing his sounds of enjoyment turned me on more than I could have imagined. I was his to use for his pleasure, I was his cocksucker. I spent most of my time sucking the head, and massaging the area behind the head on the bottom of the shaft with my tongue. When the amount of pre-cum started to increase I began sliding my lips and tongue up and down the length of his cock. His cock was the perfect size for a beginner. Not too long, not too thick, just right. I looked up at him and winked, I wanted him to know I wanted him to come in my mouth. Before too long his knees locked and his grip on my head tightened and I knew what was coming. I eased my head back until I was able to control the tempo and then sucked the head into my mouth as I gently squeezed his balls. He seemed to cum forever, filling my mouth with his juices. It didn't taste bad at all, a little salty. That was not a problem since I already had a salty taste in my mouth from my earlier capsize. 

Now there is no pretense, every Wednesday morning we meet at the boat ramp. We go off amongst the mangroves and do a little fishing, and he always brings the RIGHT BAIT!