 It's Wednesday morning and I am scurrying around the house getting ready to go kayaking, as I have done almost every Wednesday for months now. The weather is beautiful, but hot since it is now summer in southwest Florida. Got to get out on the water before the heat and humidity set in and it becomes oppressive. 

My wife expresses surprise that I have taken to this new hobby with such dedication and enthusiasm. When I purchased my inflatable kayak she thought I would probably use it once or twice and then stick it in the garage, never to be seen again.

What my wife does not know is that on my first outing in the kayak I had a mishap that turned into an incident that had changed my life. Since that day I have never taken the kayak out of my trunk once arriving at the boat launch, but merely go there to meet Chuck and go out on his boat. 

What had started as a frightening capsize that first day had ended with me sucking my first cock, and discovering I am a devoted cock lover. To this day the thoughts of the first time Chuck's cock passed through my lips sends shivers down my spine and pre-cum flowing out the head of my cock. The erotic fantasy had become a reality, and I have become addicted to sucking Chuck's cock and swallowing his come. Before that first time I had often wondered, what would I do if a guy came in my mouth. That question was answered that day. When Chuck's legs tensed and his grip tightened on my head I knew he was close to coming, and I also knew I wanted him to come in my mouth. All doubts and thoughts of not swallowing his load were replaced by an undeniable lust to satisfy the cock in my mouth and the man attached to it. When it happened it was not an unpleasant experience. Chuck's come has a taste that is difficult to describe, but it had easily become an acquired taste. Let's just say I like the anticipation of feeling it squirting into my mouth and sliding down my throat. Having a man come in your mouth after sucking, licking and making love to his cock is one of the hottest, most erotic experiences I have ever had. It is so hot to sense the level of excitement and arousal being channeled into your mouth through that wonderful warm, firm and juicy column of flesh plunging between your lips. I hate that I had waited so long to suck a cock, but I am grateful that it had finally happened. Those years of fantasizing about sucking cock just add to the excitement each time I feel a cock slide between my lips. 

Chuck is no slouch when it comes to sucking cock. In the months that we have been trading blowjobs aboard his boat Chuck had taught me a lot, both by example and through comments he makes while I am sucking him. Chuck is a talker, he talks constantly while I am sucking his cock and it ignites a lust in me that I had never experienced before. 

Today was going to be different. I met Chuck in a local parking lot and we were driving to a marina up by Ft Myers Beach. His friend Dave has a cabin cruiser and we were going to do a little off shore fishing. I have to admit I was nervous, and had those old jitters and feelings of self doubt again. Chuck had told me that he had gone out on Dave's boat numerous times, and that they always had sex in the cabin, while anchored off shore. When we arrived at the marina and I met Dave I instantly felt more relaxed about the trip on his boat, and what might happen in the cabin below the deck. Dave put me at ease right away, he laughed and joked from the moment we met, and he was an easy guy to like. He is only 5'6" tall and around 145 lbs, so because I am 6'2" and 230 lbs I had the nickname "Stretch" before we even got to his boat. 

Once aboard with all our gear we cast off and slowly made our way out to the Gulf. Once in the Gulf we were able get up to cruising speed and Dave announced we would be at his favorite spot in about 25 minutes. We proceeded to open some beers and actually talk about fishing for almost the whole way out to Dave's spot. After polishing off my beer I excused myself to head down to the cabin to use the toilet, as the beer had seemingly passed straight through me. As I came out into the cabin I was not really surprised to find Chuck lying back on the bed, naked and sporting a hardon. He had his legs hanging over the edge of the bed with his shaved cock and balls right on the edge, and screaming for attention. My reaction was positive, because I had been waiting to get a crack at that cock when I have some room to move and maneuver. Our previous encounters had all taken place in the cramped cockpit of Chuck's boat and there really was not much room to move between the seat and the dashboard. Now for the first time I was able to get on my knees and settle down between Chuck's legs and show his cock how glad I was to see it. A drop of pre-cum was resting at the slit of Chuck's cock just waiting to be scooped up by my tongue. My tongue had no sooner touched the head of his cock when Chuck began to talk.

"Oh yes, lick my cock and suck the head." Chuck was never shy about telling me exactly what he wanted done to his cock and I always tried to grant his wishes. 

I had him right where I wanted him. I had unrestricted access to his cock and balls and had every intention of taking advantage of the opportunity. After licking and sucking the head, I grabbed the shaft and raised it to expose his balls. During prior encounters I had fondled his balls but had never been able to lick and suck them. I began to lightly run my tongue back and forth across his balls and then lick from the area just behind his balls to the base of his cock. Something inside me feeds off the arousal of my partner. The more moaning and talking I hear the harder I try to please them. He was going wild, shouting how good it was and I was loving it. Knowing we were out in the Gulf and there was nobody but Dave to hear Chuck yelling made it highly erotic. The problem was that Dave did hear and felt left out of the action.

"Hey you two, knock it off and get up here and help me get the boat secured." That was Dave's way of letting us know he did not appreciate being left alone up on deck. As much as I hated to stop what I was doing I took two quick sucks on Chuck's cock and left him to put his bathing suit back on. We had arrived at the spot where we were going to fish, but the question was now whether anyone felt like fishing at the moment.

"Stretch I don't know what you were doing to Chuck, but it sounded like you were killing him." Dave had a smile on his face and a look of excitement and anticipation. He realized his turn was coming soon. 

I smiled, licked my lips and said "I was, in a manner of speaking." 

"What the hell was so important to interrupt us now." Chuck was annoyed that Dave had stopped the action just when it was getting good. He was close to coming and wanted to know why Dave could not wait another couple minutes.

Dave realized he had interrupted us at an inopportune moment, but stuck to his guns. "Well we have to decide whether to fish or fuck." Either he would turn on the fish detector, or throw out the anchor. Which would it be. It was no contest, the anchor was out in no time and we adjourned to the cabin. Dave then stated "Stretch, I want you to show me exactly what you were doing to Chuck to get him so worked up and shouting that way."

"Dave it will be my pleasure." Just get your bathing suit off and have a seat on the bed over there. As I got down on my knees between Dave's legs I thought to myself that I was really beginning to like being on my knees sucking cocks. It was true, I did. All my adult life I had a wonderful sex life with my wife and the women I knew before her. But this was different somehow. I don't know if it was the years of anticipation or just the wanton eroticism of sucking a cock, but sex had never been this exciting for me. I still love sex with my wife, but I never want to go too long without a cock to suck. I was now a card carrying bisexual, and proud of it. 

Dave's cock was not as thick as Chuck's and about 6" long. As I looked at it I had a strange compulsion overtake me. I had never tried to take Chuck's cock all the way to the base, even though it was about the same length as Dave's. The fact that Dave's was thinner made me think that I might be able to do it. I put his legs up over my shoulders and spent some time licking, sucking and caressing his balls, and then I couldn't wait any longer. I ran my tongue up the length of Dave's cock and opened my lips for just the second cock of my adventure into bisexuality. It was deja vu all over again. The taste of pre-cum, and the feel of the cock head sliding over my lips and tongue set the ball in motion. I proceeded to slowly gauge how far I could take the cock in my mouth before it hit the back of my throat. Surprisingly it went in about 4" before it hit my gag button. 

I then tried several times to get it past that point without gagging and found it impossible. So, I decided I would just settle in for a good old fashioned blow job, and forget the deep throat attempt. I must say, Dave did not seem to mind one way or the other. Sucking the head and massaging the bottom of his cock with my tongue was getting him there, and it would not be long before he came. I was beginning to develop an oral technique that seemed to excite my partners. I have to give the credit to my wife. She rarely takes my cock deep in her mouth. She concentrates on stroking the shaft while sucking the head and providing an erotic tongue massage. She never fails to get me off and I have adopted her technique to provide my partners with a totally mind blowing oral experience. I really get off feeling a man come in my mouth, so when Dave's legs started to twitch and his breathing began to get ragged, I bore down on him and sucked for all I was worth. His cock swelled and started to spasm in my mouth. Yum, I love come. After swallowing his load and letting his cock deflate in my mouth I licked his cock clean and then allowed him to bask in the afterglow of his orgasm.

I got up off my knees and sat in a chair beside the bed just as Chuck brought me another beer. As I put the bottle to my lips I felt Chuck spread my legs with his hands and take my cock into his mouth. This is the life. Spending the day on the water in a beautiful boat, drinking a cold beer and having your cock sucked. It doesn't get any better than this. It didn't take long for Chuck to develop a tempo on my cock that had me writhing in pleasant agony. Just when I thought the action could not get anymore exciting I found out it could. Dave had joined us and was performing an erotic massage on my nipples and upper body. I had never had my nipples stroked, licked and sucked, and found that it heightened the pleasure of what my body was experiencing. It was rapidly approaching the point where I could no longer hold off my orgasm. To my surprise, just as I reached the point of no return Dave brought his lips to mine and gave me my first man to man kiss. Surprise was replaced by excitement. I returned Dave's kiss and drove my tongue into his mouth as I released my load into Chuck's mouth. This was becoming an interesting day, with the promise of many more to come.

Before we decided it was time to fish Chuck had fucked Dave and then we just enjoyed a little playful banter and cock play. Fortunately the fish were as hungry for bait as we were for cock, and we all went home with our limit. Once again we had brought The RIGHT BAIT!