 As a extra credit activity for the junior college I was attending, I was engaged by the Ride and Board Stables as a helper for the summer, doing stable work and other jobs about the riding-school. At least that was what I thought I had been employed for. But it soon turned out that the Ride Master, Jason, had other plans for me.

The first day or two I helped with the horses as they came in, but on the third day things began to change. The first indication that I would have other things besides stable work to do, came when Jason, the Riding Master came into the barn shortly after I returned from my mid-morning coffee. "Come with me into Nightwing's stable, Bob.'"said Jason Nightwing had the last stall, and the one farthest from the bustle of the main yard. I followed the Jason into the stall, and then waited for instructions.

Jason was 6 foot tall about 185 pounds, slim, strong looking, with a mustache, he kind of looked like the actor Sam Elliot.

'"Yes sir. You want me to 'do' Nightwing?" I asked.

"No, that's John's task." said Jason, "Anyway, he's already been done today. No, I want you to do a little job for me."

'Yes, sir.", I said

"I brought you here because we can be quiet for a few moments, while I explain. One of the things that I require, is that you come to my cottage each evening and clean my boots. And then, you can help me with them — help me to get them off; and the next morning put them on."

"Yes, sir." I said. I thought it was rather a strange request, but not knowing much about the higher-achy of this type of ranch,,,, well, I couldn't really see why I shouldn't clean his boots. It might even be a normal part of stable routine. And keeping Jason pleased, would probably help me with my review for school.

Jason went on; "And, as we have a little time in hand, it wouldn't be a bad idea if we did a little practice."

"Practice? Ahh a, a, well yes sir, I guess so." I replied still trying to catch on to just what was happening.

"Yeah, just clean off my boots and pull them off here, now. Why not." Jason said.

He sat down on a wooden box in the stall. Jason put his boot up on a low stool and sat there waiting.

The only way to really get to his boot, was for me to go over and get down on my knees. I knelt down in front of him, and then wondered just how I was supposed to do the cleaning.

Jason was ready, he handed me a stiff brush and a cloth. "Take the brush and brush off any hard dirt and mud, then the cloth will shine up the boot. Tonight, when you come to my cabin, you can put some polish on them and get them looking good."

I did the bit with the brush and cloth, then he said, "OK now you can learn how to pull them off. Take the boot and turn around and pull it at the heel. I'll put my other foot on your ass and push to help you."

I did that and got the boot off OK. Jason said that was good and to never mind the other boot now, just put the boot back on.

I took the boot and with Jason directing and helping pulled his boot back on.

"Fine, fine, now you just finish up your chores And after dinner, about 8 tonight, you come over to my cabin and you'll help me with my boots; and other stuff. Your going to be a good boy for me this summer."

That kind of made me feel funny, 'being his BOY'?

After chow, and some clean up for me at the bunk house, I headed to Jason's cabin. At 8:00 I knocked on the door Jason called for me to come in, He was sitting in a chair against one wall to my right still in his daily cloths and boots. Again he put his boot up on a small stool. I approached and went to my knees again. I started working on his boot, it wasn't really in need of much cleaning, but I worked on it. Occasionally I looked up at Jason sitting there with his legs spread out.

He told me to get some boot polish, it was next to the chair. I took it, and a rag and worked polishing up his boot. I repeated this on the other boot, as he still sat there legs spread looking down at me, me down on my knees.

"Now pull them off." he said. I turned, grabbed the boot, he pushed, and off it came. We repeated the same with the other "You might as well pull of my socks, as long as your there."

"Well I'm going to take a shower." Jason announced. "Undo my belt and help get me out of these jeans." I know I turned red and kind of gulped, but went to him and undid his oversized cowboy belt buckle. I then undid his pants and dropped them down. Again I had to go to my knees, to get his jeans all the way off. His boxers showed a real nice bulging cock, as I knelt there, getting his jeans off the rest of the way.

I know I bushed!

He undid his shirt and tossed it on the bed. Then pulled off his undershirt and was now standing there in just his boxers. I was still on my knees, looking up at Jason. His cock seemed to be poking out more, outlined in his shorts, and my cock was straining in my pants too.

I didn't understand what was really happening, and I didn't understand my reaction to all this. But my head was kind of buzzing, my mouth dry, my cock hard.

Then Jason said, "Well, you might as well finish this now. Reach up and take off my shorts." I was shaking as I reached up for the band at the top of his shorts. I took the band and pulled them down. Down, down, and his cock swung free. A nice long, semi hard cock, right there in front of my face. I lowered his shorts all the way but couldn't take my eyes off his cock.

I knelt there, Jason's shorts pooled at his feet, me staring at his cock, my heart pounding my breath coming in short low pants. Jason's hand went to his cock. He lifted it. He stroked it. My attention remained on his cock. Jason reached forward with his other had and took the back of my head and lifted, and pulled my head forward, as he held out his cock. Now his cock was right in front of my face. Jason pushed on the back of my head, and held his now mostly hard cock aimed right at my face. Finally my lips felt the pressure of his cock-head, pushing like it wanted in, my mouth slowly opened. And now, Jason's cock slipped into my mouth. I tasted cock. 

"Suck down on it." Jason said. Mesmerized; I did as I was commanded. Jason's cock was now, nicely in my mouth. I sucked as he slowly stroked his cock in, and back out of my mouth. I had never done anything like this before, but I had heard all kinds of stories about someone sucking on an man's cock. I was well aware of what was expected of the one who was on his knees, the one who had been designated as the cocksucker.

"Open your pants, I want to see if you are hard." Jason commanded. My hand went to my pants. Keeping Jason's cock in my mouth, I managed to open my pants and work them down, showing my now hard cock.

"That's what I thought, you're hard as Hell, you're just a slut for sucking cock."

Then Jason stroked deeper and harder. His cock jammed against the opening to my throat, gagging me. Then back out, so his cock head was just in my mouth. Then his cock jamming forward again. In and out of my mouth, Jason worked his cock. I knelt there letting Jason use my mouth, letting his cock use my mouth, sucking submissively on his cock.

My hard cock was oozing, my cock felt wonderful just sticking out in the air hard. My brain was telling me I shouldn't be doing this, but my little head was telling me to shut up and suck this cock. Suck on Jason's cock, make that cock feel good, and me feel good, my cock will be feeling good.

Jason told me, "Get up on that bed, get on your back, with your head hanging over the end." 

I quickly got on the bed and in the position Jason ordered me to be. Jason came over and took my head, lining it up with his cock, and rammed his cock back into my mouth. Now his cock could slide in and out with ease and past the opening to my throat and deep into my throat. His cock was gagging me, and making drool come out with each stroke. Out and down my face. Jason grunted and moaned as he stroked his cock in and out of my sucking mouth. My hand went to my exposed cock and stroked it. OH it felt so great, as I got my mouth fucked, my cock felt so good. I too moaned as Jason fucked my mouth.

Jason pushed his cock into my throat and made short strokes down my throat, cutting off my air, but I was determined to please him and laid there and took it, took cock, took his cock for his enjoyment, proud to be able to please him with my mouth.

"Take cock cowboy, MMM, take my nice hard cock. OHHH, OOOHHH, YES! Hard cock for you. OOOOHHH fuck your slut mouth. OOOHHH, YES GOOD SLUT, GOOD SLUT FOR COCK.,,, MMMMMMM,, GREAT MOUTH,,,,OOOOHH,,,, TAKE COCK OOOOHHOHOH!"

I laid there and took cock, took cock down my throat.

Then Jason stiffened, rammed his cock in deep and then out just a little and then back in deep as his cock started to spurt cum into my gullet, he pulled back out, and his cum erupted in my mouth. Then Jason took little strokes, little strokes in my mouth spreading his cum around in my mouth. Jason cried out, "YES OG YES OH FUCK TAKE CUM, TAKE CUM YOU BITCH!" My mouth filled with cum and spit, and then the mixture drooled out and down my upside-down face. Getting in my nose and down over my eyes. Cum covering my face. I jerked my cock, jerked it tightly and quick, and then my cock spit out it's load of cum. I shook, I wiggled, my orgasm was unbelievable, better than any one I had ever had. I pulled my mouth off Jason's cock and twisted and turned as my cock gave me the pleasure, unbelievable pleasure.

"OOHHH GOD! GOD!" I cried. 

As I came down from my high of cocksucking pleasure, and pleasure of shooting my own load,I laid there for a while then started to get up. Jason had gotten a towel and wiped off his cock then tossed it to me and told me to wipe off my face and cock. I wiped up.

Then Jason told me to come back in the morning, and that I was to move into his cabin for the summer. I could use the bed where he had just face fucked me.

I left with a funny feeling dominating me. What would this summer bring to me, and what would I learn about life? And what would the other workers say when I packed up and moved in with Jason?