 I have never known who was responsible for starting the Club, but whoever it was, they deserve the thanks and admiration of many a gentleman across the U.S. I was introduced to the club at about 5 years ago, by a coworker who was a long time member. Now, I should start by saying that outwardly I am a straight, happily married man with a beautiful wife, good job, etc., pretty typical. However, all was not quite as it seemed. The following is how I was introduced to "The Club".

Since my college days I have been a closet bisexual, occasionally finding the time and opportunity to get away from the girlfriend or wife to have a casual hookup with a guy or two. These were usually one night stands, always safe and discrete, never anything serious, just a way for me to blow off some steam and relieve my urge for the male body for next couple months. That is, until a business trip five years ago. Until that point I had never really personally known any of these men outside of our physical encounters. But that would change with my coworker Liam, on our trip to Palm Beach. As far as I knew, Liam was in the same boat that I was - straight, married, happy, etc. Around the middle of our week long trip, we were having a few late night beers at the hotel bar, talking about the week and how the trip seemed to be going - boring and tiring was the consensus. We had both been checking out the bartender and commenting on her attributes. She was hot, as expected at an upscale hotel bar, catering to the well-off clientele. Her appearance and presence naturally turned our minds away from discussions of work, and over to sex. The conversation was one I will not soon forget, and went something like this:

Liam: "Damn, the things I could do to that girl right now, you have no idea. Its been days, and I promised my wife I wouldn't jerk off while I was away, she says she has something special for me when I get home."

Now, at this point I really did not know Liam all that well, so the quick transition to this type of "personal" talk was surprising to me. All I could say think to say was, "Yeah I hear you, she's smokin' hot." I took a sip of my beer and continued trying to discretely scope a look at the bartender across the bar. Liam's next question surprised me even more.

"Quick," he said, "what was the best blow job you ever got?"

Again, I was a little taken aback, but figured what the hell, I'll play along. "Easy," I said. "This girl I dated in college, loved sex. We were hiking out west, along this cliff by the water. Stopped to take a water break and sat down just out of sight of the trail. After a couple minutes we started making out, then she reached down, pulled my dick out and went to work. It was awesome - great scenery, hot blonde chick bobbing her head up and down while I laid back and got a little sun. I'll remember that one for a long time." I drifted off for a few seconds recalling the experience, my cock waking up a little in my pants. "How about you?" I asked Liam, taking another long swig of my beer.

"Hmm, little tougher call I think," he said, and thought for a minute. "Now, don't judge me on what I'm about to tell you, OK?" 

A little confused as to where he was going with this, I said, "You got it, no judgement." Keep in mind that we had been at the bar awhile now and both our tongues had loosened up quite a bit.

"Well," Liam continued, "I think the best ever, as in best all around experience, was probably back in grad school." 

"OK..." I answered, still not understanding where the conversation was going.

"I met this girl at the bar, beautiful chick, great body. We were chatting and danced a little bit, I bought her a drink. Then all of a sudden her boyfriend shows up, and I'm like, what the hell? She never mentioned this guy while I was paying for her cocktails. I was a little pissed, thought I had something going with the girl, and also felt like a dick for hitting on a girl with a boyfriend. Anyway, I excused myself and started to turn away when she grabbed my arm and told me to stay, said her boyfriend didn't mind her meeting new guys. I was a little weirded out, but after taking another look at the girl I could see she wanted me, and damn I wanted her too! So I stayed. We got another drink, chatted for a little while with the boyfriend, and before I knew it she invited back to their apartment for a nightcap. I kinda thought, 'what the hell, we'll see what happens.' " 

He stopped and took a drink, looking around to see if anyone else was within ear shot. "Well," he continued, "long story short, these two lovebirds like to bring a third into their bed, if you know what I mean. Sometimes a girl, sometimes a guy. They're both bisexual turns out. The girl explains this and can see I'm not really into it - I had never been with a guy before, at all, I'm not into that, right? So she calms me down, basically says don't worry about it, the boyfriend can just watch for now. 

"Before I know it she pulls her shirt off, straddles me on the couch and starts kissing me. We're going at if for a while, she goes down on me, we're getting naked, and then she stops and looks up at me. 'Look,' she says, 'if you don't want anything to do with my boyfriend that's fine, but I can tell you love getting your dick sucked. And a big dick like yours needs someone with some talent. Brian here is very talented. How about you let him give you a blowjob? If you don't like it in five minutes, you can do whatever you want to me the rest of the night. Deal?' Now the whole time she's saying this she's jacking my cock, rubbing my balls, I mean she really knows her stuff. I look over at the guy and he's looking at her, and I think, what the hell, he's good looking for a dude, and a mouth's a mouth right? So I agree, and he comes over, kisses his girl, and gets right down to business. I mean my god, I have had some good blowjobs in the past, but she was not kidding about his talents. Hands down the best ever. Don't think I lasted three minutes. Incredible."

"Wow," I said. "Quite a story. Did you just leave when he was done?"

"Oh no" he replied, "the three of us went at it all night. Literally, until the sun came up. They had a little porch that faced the sunrise, and all three of us were in a row, front to back, banging while the sun came up." 

Confused as to the setup that involved, I asked "How exactly did that work?" I was still shocked that he was telling me this story, but even more shocked at how hot it was getting me. Liam obviously did not know of my bisexual curiosities or actions from the past, but what he had just described was pretty much my biggest fantasy - of course, I would have preferred to be the boyfriend doing the sucking.

"Oh yeah right, guess I skipped a few things that happened throughout the night, but by sunrise I was full bi, man. It was unbelievable, had never even thought about being with a guy, and then in the span of a few hours I'm hooking up with a girl while her boyfriend watches, then getting a BJ from a dude, and at sunup I'm leaning over a porch railing, going to town on this girl doggy style, while her boyfriend is doing ME from behind! It was unreal." 

By this point I was so horny I was about ready to burst. "Damn," I said, "that sounds incredible!" I surprised myself a little at this response, and definitely caught Liam by surprise. 

"Oh really," he said, "sounds interesting to you? I always took you for a straight-edge type."

"Well if we're being honest, and it seems like you certainly are, I'm a little bi myself, between you and me."

"Hmm, that is interesting" was his only response.

I was not sure where the rest of this conversation might lead, but I did not want to continue it in the bar. 

"Look," I said, "it's getting late, but I have a couple beers back in my room if you feel like a nightcap." I figured at this point we were both damn horny, and I was hoping he would accept my invitation, just to see what might happen in private. Of course I had never really considered it before, but now that I took a look at him, Liam was hot. A bit younger than me, classic good looks, appeared to keep himself in good shape. 

"I could go for one more" he said, taking me up on my offer, and also saying he would get the check. 

"Great thanks," I answered, "I'm gonna run upstairs and put a couple things away, come on up when you're done." I gave him the room number and extra key. I grabbed my coat and leaned over to pick up my bag. As I picked it up I paused to quietly tell Liam, "Just because you can't jerk off while you're away, doesn't mean you can't get off at all." Apparently he had been feeling just as horny as I had been for the last few minutes, because as I stood up to walk away he answered, "Oh, I know." 

Ten minutes later I had the room cleaned up and even had had time to hop in the shower to rinse off. Liam knocked on the door a few minutes later and came in, apologizing for the delay and saying he had also stopped at his room quickly. 

I got us each a beer and we sat down on the couch. "Got any porn?" Liam asked. 

I laughed and said "Sure, let me get my laptop. Preference on the genre?" 

"Up to you" he answered. 

I figured I would keep with the theme of our previous discussion, and pulled up some bi porn online. I had not seen the video before, but it looked good, and from the outset we could both tell it was good choice. Two young muscled guys and a gorgeous young brunette were going to town on each other - kissing, licking, sucking. After a couple minutes Liam excused himself to the bathroom. I could tell as he walked past that he was packing some meat downstairs, and it was looking like it needed to be released from his pants. I decided I had had enough of avoiding the issue - it was clear we both wanted to hook up, and I told myself that the next time he walked by I would stop him and tear his pants off if I had to. I had no had any contact with a guy in a long time, and the thought of Liam's hard cock and undoubtedly huge load waiting for release was too much. Besides, why would a guy who could not jerk himself off ask to watch porn, unless he expected me to take care of it for him? I was happy to oblige. After taking my shower I had only put gym shorts and a T-shirt back on, and as I planned my move on Liam my cock stood straight upright, nicely outlined by the thin fabric. 

As I sat and stroked my cock through my shorts I began to wonder what was taking Liam so long in the bathroom. I paused the porn and hear the shower running. I thought that was odd, but just went back to the porn. A minute or so later I heard the door open and Liam said, "Sorry for the delay man." I mumbled a "no problem" as I continued watching. "Also," Liam continued, "I to borrow your razor."

At this I turned to see Liam standing halfway between the couch and the bathroom, nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. 

"Anytime," I said, and got up from the couch, approaching Liam. In the few steps it took me to reach him I tore off my shirt, revealing my own toned upper body, and dropped my gym shorts to the floor, letting my now rock hard dick bounce freely as I approached. Since Liam's face had already been clean shaven, I figured my razor had been used a little lower on his body. "Let's see how that razor did for you," I said, and without another word I dropped to my knees in front of him and pulled off his towel. 

I had seen a few dicks in my day, several of which ended up in my mouth, but I have to say, Liam's was something else. Easiest way to describe it is simply to say it was made for porn. Easily over eight inches, thick, but not too thick. A nice helmet head, and a smooth, firm sack holding in some perfectly proportioned balls. The thing was a masterpiece. And of course it was freshly shaved smooth, thanks to the razor he had borrowed.

"Damn," I said, "you've been hiding this thing from me all week?!"

"Well I didn't know you were such of fan of this type of thing," he replied.

"Who wouldn't be a fan of this cock," I said, gently rubbing the balls as I continued to admire his shaft and head. 

"Well don't just stare at it man, show me what you can do," he commanded. 

Without another word I went to work, gently rubbing his balls while I started licking from the base of his dick, along the bottom, flicking my tongue off the head of his cock before changing direction and engulfing as much of it in my mouth as I could. On the first try I could only go maybe halfway down, but I was not going to quit. I took it a little deeper on each thrust, pulling it out and licking and kissing the shaft occasionally. 

Somewhere in the first few minutes it occurred to me that what I was doing was a little nuts. I was in a hotel room on a business trip with my coworkers massive cock sliding in and out of my mouth! But my immediate reaction to that thought was, so what? We both were totally into it, and what was the risk? We were both married, so neither had any reason to let the experience leave the room. "The hell with it," I thought. "Its been way too long since I got any dick, and this is the best I've ever come across, so I'm doing it." After that, it was fun and enjoyment the rest of the night.

After a few minutes and a few adjustments in position I was taking every inch of his cock down my throat. Liam was moaning and grunting and thrusting along with my movements. After a little while my neck started to get tired, so I told Liam I needed a break. "OK, lie on the bed on your back, mouth toward me." I obliged, knowing what he wanted. I hung my head off the end of the bed, and before I could even open it he had his cock in my face, cock slapping me and telling me to open up. As I opened he pushed his cock in and immediately plunged it balls deep, his sack slapping me in the face and blocking my breathing through my nose. "You just relax and let me do the work," he said. "I don't know if I would call this relaxing," I thought, "but damn I like it!" 

After what seemed like and eternity of having my faced plowed, Liam was finally getting ready to blow his load. I prefer to take a load while kneeling, rather than when I'm on my back, so I got up and assumed the position. I kept sucking and licking, and added a little hand pumping to help finish him off. Finally he started to grunt and moan, and grabbed my hair with one hand and his cock with the other. "Get ready for the biggest load of your life you little cumslut!" he yelled, giving a final few strokes before pointing his cock down at my mouth and beginning to unleash. He was not kidding about a big load. Stream after stream shot into my mouth, some landing on my face. One stream stretched from my forehead to my chin. Still, the amount that made it into my mouth was enough that I had to actually swallow a mouthful before more started pouring out. It was and unbelievable amount of fluid, and I loved every single drop. When he finally stopped squirting he wiped each drop from my face into my mouth so none would go to waste. I kept as much in my mouth as I could, savoring the warmth and the salty taste. Liam laughed and said "Damn, that might top my previous 'best BJ' story". I winked, and gulped down his sticky juice, washing it down with a sip of beer. Liam sat on the couch, his attention turned back to the porn on the computer. 

I sat on the couch as well, feeling pretty worn out. "God," I said, "I needed that."

"Good," answered Liam, "we're just getting started." And with that he dropped to his knees, slid between my legs, and in one motion took the entire length of my cock in his mouth. Now, mine was nowhere near as impressive as his, but it has never gotten any complaints, as they say. I also did not last nearly as long as Liam, and after a solid two minutes of his own very talented work I erupted into his mouth. He caught every drop and swallowed it down like a pro. 

Before I could say a word, Liam stood up and grabbed his cock, which was right in front of my face as I stood on the couch. "As you might have guessed," he said as I stared at his cock and licked my lips, already getting hard again, "I like to fuck. That was the first round for the night. I hope you are ready for more." 

"Oh yeah, I'm ready," I answered excitedly.

"Good," he said. "There's something else I would like to share with you, and now that I know your position on men (no pun intended), I feel comfortable doing so. I am a member of a club I think you would enjoy. It is a group of men like you and me - outwardly straight, family men - who get together on occasion in interesting locations to do, well, to do what you and I just did, and many, many other things. With your willingness and ability to swallow significant amounts of the male body, and your obvious lust for something other than that which your wife can give you at home, you would be a welcome and valued member of the Club. For a small annual fee you will have your fill (again, no pun intended) of all the male bodies you can imagine. Sound like something you'd be interested in?"

Of all the shocks I had had that night, this was the biggest. However, sitting there naked, have just spent the last half hour with my mouth full of cock, and loving every minute of it, there was only one response. "Hell yes."

"Good," Liam said. "We call it the Rod and Gun Club, nice and generic with a little pun thrown in for good measure. We can go over the details tomorrow. For now, let's see if that ass of yours is as good at taking cock as your mouth is." And with that he reached down, grabbed my ankles, and flipped them up over my head, causing me to slide to the couch, head on the seat while my ass was exposed in the air. He immediately plunged his tongue into my ass crack and began eating out my hole. 

The next several hours were a blur of sucking, fucking, riding, and cumming. At one point one of the neighbors angrily banged on the wall and told us to "turn the goddamn porno sound down," guess we sounded like pros, because we forgot about the porn after the first round of blowjobs. 

Luckily we did not have any early meetings the next morning, because, like in Liam's story, the sun was coming up when he pumped his last load into my ass. There was no porch, but he had me bent over the back of the couch as he pounded me relentlessly. I honestly do not know how one man has the stamina to keep going like he can. And besides remaining hard all night, he kept pumping more and more cum out, like there was just a faucet in his cock that he could turn on and let flow. I came at least three times, and Liam far more than that. I swallowed as much of it as I could, but after the third helping I was so full of cum that I honestly could not drink anymore. 

We awoke in the morning and Liam went back to his room to get cleaned up. I did the same, left the housekeeping staff an extra tip for the mess we made by fucking on every piece of furniture in the room, and went downstairs to meet Liam for the day. I must say we both handled it well - we were both perfectly natural all day in public and in our work meetings. The rest of the week we continued our nightly routine, generally ordering room service and spending every minute from when we got back to the hotel to when we had to leave in the morning with our clothes off and our cocks buried inside one another. 

Needless to say we were not disappointed when the client told us the needed us to stay for the weekend to continue work the following week - two full days to relax and enjoy ourselves (and each other), or so I thought.

"That's perfect," Liam said after leaving the Friday meeting when they told us we had to stay the weekend. 

"Why?" I asked, "won't the wife be disappointed?"

"Sure she will, but not our choice right? And more importantly, the Club just so happens to be in town this weekend. Thought I was going to miss it, but looks like its just our luck. You, my friend, are in for one hell of a time. The new guys always get the best treatment. Plus, in a place like Palm Beach, the hired help are always hot and plentiful."
