 The following is a first time gay tale that grew out of the dark place in my mind. My stories tend to have a cuckold theme. Most cuckold fantasies have a bisexual element. This is no exception, but it crosses a line. 

It's not uncommon for cuckolds to question their sexuality. As a mental exercise, I've looked at another man in the gym, wondering if I could actually do it, suck his cock. I've wondered to myself how many times does the unrequited cuckold take that journey, out of desperation or circumstance. I'm guessing it happens often, with varying degrees of sexual satisfaction. 

I haven't read too many tales like this, although admittedly gay erotica isn't really my cup of tea. Anyway, I hope my gay readers can appreciate my interloper tale, and for cuckold fans, this is either exciting or a horror story, maybe a little of both. Maybe it could happen to you. Maybe it already has. Enjoy.

-

Jamie emailed her husband, Aaron. "Hi honey. Do we have anything scheduled at the beginning of next month? Work wants to send me to Atlanta."

Aaron put his coffee down as he saw the incoming message. Next month, let's see, and he checked his calendar. Nothing. Free. He responded, "Looks good. How long?" He didn't dare type his other thoughts. I wonder if she'll finally do it. I begged so many times she forbid I ask. She said it turned her off.

Aaron carried a cuckold fantasy for years, across many relationships. It began in college. His virgin girlfriend who he cared for deeply left him for the a popular football player, Jason. It only took one date for him to fuck her. That one day ruined his sexual roadmap.

His ex-girlfriend even went crying back to Aaron, worried she might be pregnant. Aaron listened. He held out hope she would return, but she didn't. His love for her was a one-way street. Aaron, banished to the friendzone by a hero of the endzone. 

Could Jason have possibly understood the repercussions of his actions? Of course not. He was just following his instincts and desires like any other guy. It certainly wasn't his fault that another kid was left with a lifetime of unrequited desire, and eroticized feelings of inadequacy. 

Aaron probably wouldn't have developed latent homosexual thoughts, naturally growing out his initial fantasy of heterosexual infidelity. Google or Comcast probably had it all mapped out via his porn viewing habits. The normal lesbian and straight porn of most young males, gradually turning to wife and girlfriend sharing searches as he matured. The tentative initial clicks on male-male-female threesomes. His initial revulsion at cuckold creampie eating and bisexual blowjobs. The tentative returns to these stories and videos as the themes found fertile mindspace, blossoming and growing.

Eventually the revulsion evaporated as uninhibited and repeated clicks to male solo-masturbation porn led to masturbation to man on man sex. His viewing habits were still varied. He'd still read cuckold tales, admired women's bodies, creampie fantasies and the like. His sexual playbook had simply expanded to include many forms of sexuality. His wife wasn't giving it to him in the way he wanted. He compensated. It's just fantasy, he told himself. Completely normal. I just want to see her enjoy herself with another man. Aaron would sit mesmerized, his hard cock in his hand leaking cum, stroking as some skank gives jack off instruction while telling the male viewer he should relax and suck cock. He still didn't find anal sex among men attractive. She-males repulsed him. At least not yet. Completely normal.

All because an alpha male busted the cherry of the girl he loved.

On the drive home Aaron played scenarios in his head, trying to figure out how to encourage her without further pissing her off. Condoms in the luggage? Maybe leave a note?

Jamie had a long workday. Meetings, reports, complaints from co-workers and employees, she saw it all, especially in HR. How many burnt out souls did she console in her office as they explained the reasons they were leaving, hoping to still collect unemployment money from the state? How many complaints; bogus, legitimate, petty and nasty; could she hear from people at her company? She attended separation meetings ensuring managers and employees played fair with each other, taking notes to protect the firm against lawsuits and labor board complaints.

Jamie heard it all. The trip to Atlanta was a welcome respite. Sure, it was for work, but hearty meals would be comped, drinks had, welcome conversation with other members of her team from back east. They'd share war stories, discuss new policy designed to protect the firm. One must always protect the firm, she sighed to herself. Well if the firm decided to get sued to death, they could always let her go. It was never going to happen. The only way she was losing her job was in a business unit consolidation, or massive outsourcing exercise designed to pare down labor costs. That was always possible, a card ready to be played by management if it struck them as prudent.

When Aaron walked through the door, Jamie was on the computer, chatting with Lee in Virginia. He was going to Atlanta and she looked forward to seeing him. They'd hit it off before, nothing inappropriate, but she knew in her heart there were possibilities. If she wasn't married, who knows what alternate life she'd have, because he was boyfriend material at the least. If only Aaron knew. But I can't tell him. He'd probably get angry. Even if he didn't, it would be too strange. 

That evening Jamie knew Aaron was up to his old tricks. He played grabass as they watched TV. She gave him the eye. "Is it because I'm going to Atlanta?"

Aaron laughed, "Of course. Come on, let's fuck. I've been waiting for this all day."

She acquiesced. In the bedroom she lay missionary style, unenthusiastically accepting his advances. That's what a good wife does. He crawled on top of her, trying to finger her without foreplay. Did he even wash his hands, she wondered, frowning.

Aaron's penis wasn't very large. Soft he was practically a button dick, maybe one inch long. But hard he expanded to a whole five inches, kind of thin. His little boy cock never grew with him.

Still, that wasn't really a deal-breaker. Jamie did find his penis perfectly acceptable when they married. Any lack of drive had more to do with a lack of passion. New love is intense love. The love she had now was love she worked at. Jamie wanted to love him. He's a good guy, a good provider. He'll make a great dad. He comes from good family. He doesn't drink too much, never smoked. All legitimate reasons for staying with somebody when the sexual spark dies.

Aaron even went through a couple hardcore workout phases, bulking up. She told him she likes him just the way he is, he doesn't need to work out so much. She had no idea the effort and discipline involved on his side. He wanted her to love him physically. He wanted her to have that passion they had early in their relationship. 

Aaron remembered when she wanted to jump his bones. He hoped a good sex life will lead to openness and hopefully more. But he couldn't figure her out these days. She seemed to do her best to play the prude. 

It seemed all so possible when they first married. Now she worried loudly that his protein shakes might be unhealthy. Did he ever hassle her when she wanted frozen yogurt? No, he wanted her to be happy!

Aaron's stiff cocklette felt good in her silky smooth vagina. A visual person, he loved the look of his wife's pussy. Truly he was lucky, so many women either let themselves go or lose the genetic lottery. She still had it. 

Lee in Virginia knew she still has it. He had ideas. He didn't have a cocklette.

Aaron said, "I hope you have fun in Atlanta." She'd heard it before other trips.

She gave him the evil eye.

"What?" He protested, "I just hope you have a little fun." He continued fucking her.

"Please, stop, you know I don't like it." She replied. "I only love you."

I should have kept my big mouth shut. Aaron apologized to her. He didn't mean to wreck the mood.

This mollified Jamie. He buried his feelings in the name of marital compatibility. She's just not like that, he admitted to himself. That's probably a good thing. A slut could ruin his life, embarrass and humiliate him, and end up running away in the end.

She told him to hurry up and he picked up his rutting, cumming intensely. He asked her if she liked it, and she said it felt great. It didn't blow her out of the water, but it was still good. Lee would be better. Maybe. No forget about it., she thought.

June rolled around, and Aaron woke up Monday morning early. Trying to sleep, he watched Jamie gather her bags to go. "Have a good trip babe," he mumbled as she exited the room with her roll-on luggage. He never did pack that note or the condoms. He was sick of the rejection. She'd hate it.

She called after her flight got in safe. They exchanged small talk. He asked what her plans were for the evening. There was a dinner planned. After that she'd get some work done. She promised to call.

He was secretly disappointed. All work no play makes wife a dull girl. Still, that feeling didn't last all day. Around eight pm he still hadn't heard from her. He knew she had to be back at the hotel by now, but she hadn't called. He sent her a text. "Hope all okay. Just wanted to reach out. I love you."

Aaron sat at his computer contemplating the situation. He imagined Jamie in the hotel room with a horny co-worker or businessman. What he wouldn't give to have that come true. He check all his usual websites. Lately he'd gotten addicted to Tumblr. He was pleasantly surprised to have pictures and gifs turn him on again. Years ago he turned almost exclusively to video websites. Tumblr has some great photographs, and they were grouped by many interesting hotwife and cuckold themes. 

There was an upside to his freedom. He turned up the volume on the computer, walking around without pants. Although he didn't think of it this way, he was getting ready to make love to himself. 

With his left hand he stroked his hard cock. He paused at a wonderful shot of a woman, one leg up, looking back at the camera. The way her vulva curved was perfect. Her pussy lips spread ever so slightly, looking inviting and warm. Her brown pubic hair was well trimmed for the shot.

He stroked himself and opened another tab. It was one of his favorite video sites. He had a free account and was signed in. He clicked on the recommendation tab. Certain titles really stood out; cucked by big cock, wife and friend, talking to hubby.

He opened one. He skipped ahead the first few minutes. He never watched a saved clip to the end, but he also never watched the beginning. The internet was a big place, but these videos were remarkably rare when he thought about it. A lady was in some hotel room, a large black man between her legs. The cameraman, presumably her husband, filmed as she grunted and moaned. 

Aaron was into it, his small penis responding to his strokes. He wouldn't last much longer. An orgasm built.

The phone rang. He looked at the number and it was Jamie! He fumbled for the volume, didn't want her to hear this. He looked and saw the clock. God it's about time. Maybe...

He enthusiastically greeted her, "Babe! So glad to hear from you, I was worried. You having a good time?"

Jamie answered as she always did. "I'm okay. We had a really nice dinner and some drinks afterward."

"Really?" Aaron didn't push it, but this had potential.

"Yes, it was pretty fun. How are you?" she asked.

If only she knew. Her husband was sitting at his computer, his cock softening, the pre-cum lubrication already drying. His flexed his left hand, still damp with preliminary seminal fluid. He hoped it wouldn't dry there. He was feeling good. He wanted that cuckold angst. He wanted the open-minded wife.

"I'm okay, just surfing the net, watching TV. Kinda boring." It was more or less a lie.

Jamie was in the restroom sitting on the toilet. "Well, I'll let you get back to it," Jamie said. "It's already 11 pm." There was a light tapping at the front door. I better wrap this up, she thought. "Okay honey, well, I love you. I'm going to get some sleep."

"Okay babe, I love you. Talk to you tomorrow," Aaron replied. He was happy the phone call was over, slightly disappointed it was more of the same. But what do I expect? She is who she is. 

Aaron clicked another favorite bookmarked video. It seemed to be Russian. There were subtitles. A wife was mad at her husband. Half naked, she tried to get him to come to bed with her, but he wanted to continue to play video games, wouldn't pay attention to her. She made a phonecall in frustration. A young buff guy showed up at the apartment. She introduced her husband to him. They kissed and she pulled out his long hard cock. She berated her husband, who has been rather weakly protesting the entire time. She made him come over on his knees. She gives the young guy a few more licks. She pauses and holds it out, mocking her husband. "See, this is a real man. This is a real dick. Come on, suck it." 

Aaron's orgasmic fuse was set into motion. Sure, he could still kill it, but he liked the video. He pumped his cocklette as he watched the husband protest, then finally succumb, his wife grabbing his hair forcing him to lick the tip, put the shaft between his lips, and finally mouthfuck her lover. The beta male sucks the alpha.

Almost everything about the video pushed Aaron's buttons. The aggressive and beautiful wife, the helpless and weak husband, and the strong cock of the lover all turned him on. He imagined himself as the husband, his mouth taking her lover, pleasing him. He wouldn't need to be asked twice, he'd give him the best blowjob possible. He was very curious what the moment would be like if the lover's cock exploded into his mouth. Would the seed be bitter or sweet? Would it unpleasantly coat the back of his throat the way his own cum did when he swallowed it? Occasionally he'd jack off laying down, propping up his body so his cock hung down, cum spurting toward his mouth. It was hard to get just right. I'd want to swallow. I wonder if the reality would match the fantasy.

His only regret about the video was the wife pushed the wimp husband away and the porn degenerated, the irony is rich, into a regular porn scene. It rallied at the end, the husband made to lick the lover's cum off her stomach. He lamented what he thought was a cop out ending. He wanted the lover to blast in the husband's beta mouth. That's how far Aaron had come. For years he'd been saturating his brain with dopamine blasts while viewing this cuckold themed, homoerotic porn. Being a regular part of his self identity and "sex life", it changed him.

Jamie, however, didn't realize the extent of this. She thought he had a weird kink and would rather stamp it out than explore it. Even as Lee came into her hotel room, she lamented her husband's incompatible sexual proclivities. Was she clueless and selfish? Did she simply not appreciate an open relationship, preferring to cheat even though it was clearly more morally repugnant? 

Lee brought a bottle of wine, and poured a couple of glasses.

Ironically Jamie worried that her husband's desire might even be an excuse to cheat on her. She shared a drink. She was oblivious to her hypocrisy and an idiot; book smart, street stupid.

A half hour earlier they were downstairs in a men's bathroom, Lee kissing her while Jamie stroked his hard cock through his slacks. 

On the bed as he sat with her, Lee leaned in to kiss her. She melted. 

They both lay together on the bed. She closed her eyes and he stroked her hair and back. He whispered in Jamie's ear, "I want to feel you." She spread her legs and his hand palmed her leg, running up her stockings to the warm, damp treasure.

Jamie's spine tingled as his fingers made laps where her legs met her groin. She had to feel him. Lee wasn't going to let her off that easy. The more she waited, the harder she'd come.

"Hold on," She pulled down her hose and underwear, kicking them off. She spread her legs and he felt her pubic hair, a thin strip ending at her slit.. She'd trimmed it that morning. 

He slipped two fingers into her wet vagina. It's better than I imagined, thought Jamie.

He kissed her tenderly, then moved down to eat her pussy. Her slit felt fantastic, clearly ready for hot, sweaty sex. He first wanted to giver her an orgasm with his mouth. It wasn't hard. His tongue and lips danced over her labia and clitoris, planting gentle kisses at first. It progressed to his full tongue lapping her clit, his lips and mouth applying firm pressure to her groin.

Jamie felt it coming, her clit hot with desire, then the bang; waves pulsated through her body.

She couldn't possibly understand how excited her husband would be to know this had happened, anymore than she could picture him at home cumming into towel at the sight of a man's cock being force fed to another male. If she had been more accommodating with her husband, he might never have turned this way. He might have preferred real sex to bisexual fantasy.

Might have.

At that moment her husband was rallying his cock. Having already cum once, the thought of Jamie, alone in her hotel room, still excited him. He wanted to be with her. He wanted her to sexually desire him. He dreamed of fucking, her ass high in the air on all fours.

Aaron clicked through an on-line erotic library of short stories, playing with the tags, trying to find the perfect tale to suit his mood. He spent a half hour scanning stories, touching himself as he jumped from plot to plot, looking for that internet nugget of erotic gold.

Meanwhile Lee fucked Jamie while she lay on her back, one leg thrown over his shoulder. The feeling of his man sized cock drove her over the edge. "Oh, you are so big. So much bigger than my husband," she cried out. With every stroke she cried out. Certainly other guests would hear her. She didn't care. 

Lee's penis filled her pussy. It hurts, she thought, but it hurts so good. This is what sex with a real man is like. It's so good.. 

He ejaculated, his privates spasming. His silky smooth sperm filled Jamie. She was on the pill. Lee was married too, and despite the situation she didn't think he regularly fucked around on his wife. She overlooked many things in pursuit of her own selfish joy of fucking for the first time in many years. If Aaron knew the truth, that she'd fulfilled his deepest fantasies but had kept it secret, he'd hate her, and rightfully so.

Jamie enjoyed the flirting by instant message and sexual innuendos on the phone, a modern office courtship, and this long desired meetup. She happily signed over a portion of Aaron's exclusive rights to her married pussy. Ironically she'd spent much stress, energy and frustration explaining to Aaron how precious that exclusivity was.

They fell asleep not long after, she hadn't even wiped herself down, the sperm drying on her leg, uncomfortably so by the morning. For the first time in months she awoke excited, happy to meet the new day.

She didn't bother calling her husband until work was almost over. She enjoyed the camaraderie of her team, the playfulness with Lee. 

She planned to hang out with him every night while the others slept. Fuck sleep, I might never get this chance again.

She called her husband out of a sense of obligation. Aaron had texted her that afternoon, asked if she was okay.

"Hi honey," she said Aaron. "Yeah, I'm fine. It's just work, you know how it is. I didn't sleep that great, I'm tired. You know hotels. Just not the same as home."
