 This is a continuation of the story about my adventures with my girlfriend, Kara, and her roommate, Joyce. It takes place, once upon a time, when we were college students.

Time-wise, this chapter occurs shortly after chapter 1. If you haven't read the first parts, I recommend that you do. However, if you want to plunge into this story, let me recap. Chapter 1 recounts how Kara's roommate, Joyce, seduced me. Chapter 2 fills in a bit of back story about how Kara and Joyce first connected and made their plans for me. This chapter is a follow-on to Chapter 1. It relates how their plan worked to lead me into more sexual adventures.

I'd like to thank P_A_Solcrofft for his time and advice in the editing of this story. 

[Interlude]

My cousin's wedding was great. He had graduated last year from ESU (that would be Enormous State University for those of you who follow the college scene), and now he was marrying his high school sweetheart. Bob was a fun guy, and he and Mary had been together for so long it was as if she was part of the family too.

I spent the whole day Saturday with family and friends. The ceremony itself was blessed, and blessedly short, but the reception at the country club went on well into the night. The bride and groom slipped away sometime after supper. I was a little surprised they stayed as long as they did. If it was me, I would have placed a higher priority on getting started on the wedding night festivities.

Josh, my roommate and best friend since high school, was also going to our home town this weekend and had offered me a ride. We were both seniors at BU and we had a small apartment off campus. My girlfriend Kara shared an apartment with Joyce, and recently Joyce and Josh had had a couple of dates.

This weekend Josh was going home to pick up a new car. His grandfather had died at the end of last summer and now the estate had been settled. Since Josh's old car, a vintage, pale blue Plymouth Valiant, was about on its last legs (or tires, or whatever) the family decided Josh should have his grandfather's Olds 98.

The car was a 1962 model, about eight years old, with only 12,000 miles on it. Granted, it was not a new Camaro, or some other hot car which every red-blooded male college student craved, but it was certainly more reliable transportation. We called his old Plymouth the "Thunderbolt Grease-Slapper" (If you recognize that name, you are old enough to have been there yourself.)

My first look at the car was when Josh picked me up Sunday afternoon for the return trip to college. It was a great white whale of a car with refined, squared-off fins, but it was classy inside, and the ride was as smooth as floating on a mill pond on a lazy summer day.

The trip back to BU was not a smooth one, however. Around noon light snow started to fall, and by the time we were on the road it was really coming down. Soon we were driving through ruts in the snow. Along one twenty-mile stretch of freeway on our route there were three cars in the ditch. There was also a semi rolled completely over on its back in the median, looking like a giant dead beetle with all its 18 legs in the air. I tried not to think about what our fate might be.

We did not go in the ditch. No, with Josh driving his new car, we took the trip slow and easy. The car seemed used to an unhurried pace, and it had good traction. Even with the roads getting worse and worse, we never had any bad moments.

We didn't get to our apartment until much later than we'd planned. I was dying to see Kara, but I also had to finish a paper on "Spanish Composers for the Guitar" (my major was music education, and guitar was my instrument). For once, common sense triumphed over common hormones. I called Kara to tell her we were safely back and let her know I couldn't get over to see her. I promised to give her another call before bedtime and fill her in on the weekend's events.

I had finished a draft of the paper last week, but I still had to get it typed up to hand in. With my notes and rough draft laid out around me I went to work on the portable typewriter my parents had gotten me as a going away gift to college. Although it was not something I would have asked for, considering the number of papers I had typed on it, I had to admit it was practical. I had polished up my eighth-grade typing class skills, and now I could peck out a five-page paper in a reasonable amount of time with only a minimal number of corrections.

Finally finished, I stood up and stretched. Wow, it felt good to get that out of the way! I sorted the papers, put a staple through the best set, and packed up the typewriter. My watch said it was not quite eleven. It was time to call Kara.

She picked up on the first ring. "Finished?" she asked.

"It will do," I said. "I have plenty of stuff. Besides, Kramer likes me."

"She likes your bod."

"Not likely."

"Oh, come on," Kara said. "Kramer's not that old and you're a good looking hunk of love. Did you think those good grades were just from your hard work?"

To tell the truth, the thought had occurred to me. Professor Kramer was not that old, maybe early 30's, good looking, trim figure, and all that. What surprised me most was what Kara was saying. Kara was not usually that forward on the phone with me. Still it was late at night, and we were not going to have our usual evening "workout."

"So what are you doing now?" she continued. "Time for bed?"

"Yeah, I'm about dead," I said. "I wan't driving this afternoon, but I felt like I was helping Josh all the way through the snow."

"Aww. Poor baby. Too tired to even think about me sitting over here in my nightshirt?"

"Well, I've seen your nightshirt, and it's not that thrilling. It's what's inside that counts."

"Okay then, I'll take it off. 'Scuse me." I heard the phone thump down and some rustling. "There. That's better. All naked now. What do you think about that?"

I was taken aback and could not think of anything to say. Kara had never done anything like this before, but what really gripped me was the image of her sitting there in the living room of their apartment in the nude. We had had sex a couple of times on their old couch when Joyce had been gone, and now I could visualize her sitting there with her glorious body visible to the room.

"Ah, I wish I was there," I stammered. A thought occurred to me. "Where's Joyce?"

"She's studying in her bedroom. Why?"

"I just wondered."

"Well, I'm naked now, but who cares. She's seen me naked before. I've seen her, too, you know."

I couldn't help but conjure the image of Joyce as I'd seen her just a few days ago, naked and impaled on my cock. Speaking of which, my single-minded pussy prospector was showing a definite interest in this conversation. I shifted around to give my swelling cock room to grow.

"So, are you thinking about me naked?" she asked.

"I'm picturing you sitting on the couch, naked, with the phone."

"Good boy. Now think about me running my hands over my breasts. Mmm. Yes. That makes my nipples stand up all nice and stiff."

This was definitely something new. My cock surged.

"Mmm. Now I want you to join me naked," she said.

"Uh, Kara, I can't."

"Of course you can. Just undo your pants and shirt, then slip them off. Your big cock will pop out all big and hard. Mmm. Just thinking about you naked makes me hot."

"I'm not exactly alone here, you know," I reminded her.

Oh, poo. Josh has seen you naked. You said you even used to play with each other's cocks."

"Yeah, but that was a long time ago. It's different now."

I heard a little sniff of frustration. "Well, I think it would be hot to watch you guys together," she retorted. I bet you'd like to watch Joyce and me having sex together. Wouldn't you? Come on. Admit it."

Would I like to watch Joyce rub and kiss my girlfriend's tits? Kiss her nipples? My cock throbbed in my pants with the thought. I didn't dare think about Joyce touching Kara's sex. That thought was explosively exciting.

My voice was thick with lust. "I've never heard you like this before. What's gotten into to you?"

"What's not gotten into me is the question, lover. I'm so hot and horny tonight. Come on. Get naked and jerk off with me. Right now."

At that moment I heard Josh come out into the kitchen. He rustled around in the pantry for a minute and finally came out with a half-bag of pretzels that needed finishing.

"Kara, I can't. Josh is right here in the kitchen," I whispered. She had me crazy with lust, but some sense of decorum still prevailed.

"Oh, pooh. Put him on a minute, will you? I'll take care of things. Besides, you can think about me sitting here naked rubbing my tits while I talk to him."

I took the phone away from my ear for a moment and looked at it. Josh came out of the kitchen, and said, "That Kara? How's she doin'?"

For a second I could not think of what to say, then I held the phone out towards him. "Here. Kara says she wants to say something to you."

He took the phone and put it to his ear. "Hi ya, Kara. What's happening?" He listened for a minute and nodded. "Sure I can do that." Another pause. "Sounds great. Okay, here's Mike again."

Kara was right. All I thought about while Josh was talking to her was the fact that she was naked and horny and talking to Josh. Had she really been rubbing her tits while she talked to Josh? 

Josh smiled at me. "Guess I'll go into my room a bit and let you two finish your 'conversation.'" He gave me a wink as he handed me the phone and mouthed, "Have fun!"

I felt a pang of something (What was it: Jealousy? Excitement), not knowing what she had said to him. I tried to keep my hand from shaking as I put the phone back to my ear. "Kara?"

"Did you think about me talking to Josh while I'm naked? Did it get you hot? Come on, take off your clothes. I want you to jerk off with me."

I propped the phone between my shoulder and my ear and reached for my belt. Her excited voice in my ear urged me on. "Come on, Lover, get naked with me. I want to think about that big, hard cock of yours.

"Mmm," she continued. "Would you show me how you jerk off? I'd love to watch. Maybe you could show Joyce and I both how you jerk off. I know she'd like to see your cock."

By that time I had my pants off, and my cock was swinging free. The shaft was distended to almost its full diameter, but the base was not completely rigid. It was like having a mini baseball bat swinging from my loins. I had to juggle the phone between hands so I could hear her seductive voice as I struggled to get my sweatshirt off over my head. Finally naked I sat back on the couch, phone in one hand, cock in the other.

"Okay," I said. "I'm naked. I feel a little funny, but I'm naked."

"Oh I bet you don't feel funny at all. Just all hot, hard, and horny."

"I am that," I admitted. "What did you tell Josh?"

"Just that I wanted some quiet time with you to get you all worked up."

"Well, you've really got me worked up tonight," I said stroking my cock. "You've never been like this before."

"You like me like this, don't you? You'd like to see Joyce naked, too, wouldn't you?" When I said nothing, she prodded again. "Wouldn't you like to see Joyce and I naked? Together? Wouldn't that be hot?"

"Yes," I admitted, thinking about both of their naked bodies standing in front of me. But, I was off balance. I knew Kara's body well, but now I also knew Joyce's from our recent vigorously hot encounter just the other day.

I fumbled for something else to say. "Yeah, that would be really hot," I finally said, stupidly.

She giggled. "Are you playing with yourself?"

I pulled the foreskin up over the head of my cock and let my hand rotate around the end while I released the skin. "Yeah," I said thickly.

"Good, 'cause I'm playing with myself too. Mmm. I wish you were here. My finger is rubbing all up and down my slit. It's just covered with juices and is so slick..."

I grunted a reply while giving my stiff prick another stroke. Kara had never opened up like this during sex before. She made lots of noises, sometimes a little too much noise, but we never talked much. Of course, we'd never played over the phone wires either. My head was a swirling mass of lust, and my entire attention was focused on my cock. And, on the voice in my ear.

"Oh, god, I wish you were here to play with me," Kara lustily whispered in my ear. "I want you to watch while I jerk off for you, but I really need someone to suck on my nipples. Mmm. That would make me cum for sure. Maybe I could get Joyce to suck my nipples." She paused. "Would you like to see that?"

"Uh, huh," I managed to get out. My tongue and the braincells it was connected to were thick with lust. I had my eyes closed listening to Kara panting out incredibly sexy things over the phone and trying to picture them in my mind.

Suddenly the couch shifted, and a hand touched mine. Startled, my eyes flew open. It was Josh, on the couch beside me. He had a towel wrapped around his waist, but other than that, he was naked.

"Here, let me give you a hand," he said as he slipped his fingers around my cock.

I gave a startled and questioning "Huh?", but I was lost in sexual passion. His hand was so much better than my own. I readily surrendered to his attention. In an old habit I didn't know I still had, I reached under the towel for his cock as well.

"What's going on?" Kara's was insistent. "Come on, tell me," she commanded.

"Ah, I," I hesitated, trying to assemble the thought. What would she think if I told her I was now stroking Josh's cock while he stroked mine.

"Is it Josh?" she asked.

I was startled, but nodded. It took me a befuddled moment before I thought to answer, "Uh, huh."

"Oh, that's so sexy!" she wailed in my ear. "I told him I would get you hot and jerking off, and that he should come in after I got you going good." She moaned and made contented noises for a minute before she whispered, "And Joyce is playing with me too. Wouldn't you like to see that?"

"Mmm, yes," I said visualizing her little fantasy in my mind while Josh and I stroked each other.

"Joyce and I would love to see you two guys doing each other, too. It really makes my pussy all nice and juicy to know you guys are doing each other." She groaned a little then went on. "How does his cock feel in your hand?"

"Good," I answered stupidly. I heard a little huff of disapproval on the other end of the phone. "Uh," I fumbled with the thought, "it feels stiff and hard. My hand is sliding the skin of his cock up and down." I managed to expand the commentary, but I was less than articulate. I was getting lost in the feelings of having my cock stroked while my girlfriend listened on the other end of the phone line and whispered salacious commentary.

"I'll bet both of your cocks are really hard. Ooh, I love a hard cock. Tell me more about Josh's cock."

What do you say when your girlfriend asks you to describe the cock you are stroking? "Uh, I don't know. It feels nice and hard."

"You already said that," she scolded. "Tell me how big it is. Is it as big as yours?"

This one I could handle. "It's a little shorter and quite a bit thinner."

"Yeah, your cock is a big fat one." Kara agreed.

"Uh, I don't know. I guess it's pretty big. I really haven't compared my cock to anyone else's."

"Well, I haven't seen anyone else's cock but yours." Kara groaned a little to herself like she did when she was getting excited. "Maybe Joyce and I could put on a show for you and some of your friends. We'd get you all hard, and then you guys would do a comparison show of cocks for us." She sighed. "I wish you could see what Joyce is doing to me right now."

I'd forgotten her little fantasy. "Yeah. I'll bet she's getting you hot."

"You know it!" she exclaimed. "How about you? Are you about ready to get off?"

Now that she'd reminded me, I realized that I was pretty far gone. The head of my cock was turgid and swollen. That glorious tightness of inevitable orgasm started low in my belly and extending out between my legs. My shaft was stiff as the neck of a guitar, and Josh's cock was starting to twitch too.

"Ye..., yeah," I managed to stammer out. "I think Josh is about ready to cum too." I looked up at him.

Josh's smile was tight, and he was staring straight at my cock. "Yeah, tell her we're just about to cum all over," he said.

I relayed Josh's message, and I could her Kara panting in my ear. "Oh, oh, oh. Joyce is licking me. Oh, I love that. You should see her licking my pussy!"

Kara was panting harder now, almost gasping her breaths, as she got closer to orgasm. My cock started to pulse, and my whole body jerked with the first jet of cum. I gasped and cried out right along with her.

Josh thrust harder, and suddenly my hand was sliding slickly up and down in a layer of cum from his pulsing shaft. That triggered a second, more intense spasm of sensation through my body, and I cried out again with lust. I then heard Kara wailing on the phone the way she always did when she climaxed. Her orgasm sounded at least as intense as mine.

I suddenly became aware of myself and that I was stroking Josh's cock. We had just made each other come the way we had when we were kids playing in the attic or out in the garage. This was different now, though. Wasn't it? We were all grown up.

Josh tipped his head back and sighed. "Man that was a good one. Here." He picked up his towel which had come loose, wiped his hand, and handed it to me. "Thanks, buddy." He then stood up and wobbly wandered back towards his bedroom.

I remembered the phone. "Kara?" I asked.

"Mmm, hi there, stud," she said in that lazy, post coital voice I loved so much. "How was that? Will it hold you until you can get over her tomorrow and get the real thing?"

I was not really sure what to say. A pulse of love for Kara more intense than anything I had ever felt before swept over me. It was almost frightening how powerful my passion was. Kara had just showed me a new side of herself. She had overwhelmed me in a way she had never done before. I was vastly excited by her, but it was a little scary. Ah, but roller coasters were scary too and I kept going back to Cedar Point to ride them.

I took a deep breath and let it out. "Woman, I don't know what to say. You were just incredible tonight." She purred encouragingly into the phone. "I really love you," I went on. "You are the most amazing person. Every time I think you couldn't possibly get any better, you get better." There was more I wanted to say, but I was feeling stupid again. "Wow, I love you," I finally said.

"Mmm, and I love you. You make me feel so good. I can't wait to see you tomorrow. Please don't be late."

"How could I be late? The most incredible girl in the world commands it and I must obey."

"I love you so much but I'm really sleepy now," she said.

"Me too. I guess we'd better say good night, lover."

"Good night. I love you," she breathed into the phone.

"I love you too. Good night." This was why I'd gone to college. All this education just to be hopelessly prosaic on the phone with the love of my life.

I hung up and realized I was still sitting there naked. Wow! What that girl could do to me when she wasn't even around.

I picked up my clothes and headed to my bedroom. As I passed the bathroom, Josh came out of it, in his pajama bottoms, and smiled. "You've got quite a lady there, man," he said.

I smiled back. "No kidding," I said. "Hey, I'll see you in the morning." We nodded to each other, and I continued to my bedroom.

As I found my pajamas, I thought for a moment about what had just happened. No, I didn't suddenly feel different about Josh. I remembered what Joyce had said the other day. It was just sex, and now we both felt better.

Thinking about Joyce made me recall Kara's fantasy about her being with Joyce. The image came back to my mind with Joyce going down on Kara the way Kara had described to me on the phone. My cock, which had been completely deflated by the incredibly powerful orgasm it had so recently experienced, gave a twitch of renewed interest.
