 Prologue:

To recap what had happened to me in the summer of 1999, chronicled in "The Road to Stardom", I was working at an accounting firm in Los Angles, had a girlfriend, an apartment, and a car. Things were going well. Then I lost my job, my girlfriend moved out of town and my car broke down. I spent my days and nights looking for work with no luck and working out in the local gym, the result of which put me in excellent physical condition with nearly zero body fat, but also nearly broke. Eventually I landed a job as a car salesman, which is where I met Marty Pinner. Marty is a filmmaker and specializes is porn. Gay porn, to be exact, but I wasn't aware of that until I did my screen test. My first gay experience was a blow job from Marty's secretary (and nephew), Barry, in front of two camera crews. After some persuading, I agreed to a three-scene contract with Marty under the pseudonym of "James Monroe." Over the course of 3 weeks or so, I completed my contract by starring in a scene where I was a bottom in a college dorm room, a top as a college professor as the bottom begged me to change his grade, and the bottom in three-way in a doctor's exam room. Up until that time, I'd considered myself straight. But, my experiences portraying a gay man on screen were surprisingly pleasant. I must say that I enjoyed it all very much. The money was good and if I let the other actors cum on my face or in my mouth, I received a big bonus. Looking back, I was amazed at how I was able to transform myself in front of the camera into a raging slut who loved nothing more than an erect cock in his ass, and the taste of cum in his mouth. 

After filming my last scene, Marty asked me to re-sign another contract. I told him I'd think about it and walked away. That week, my luck changed and I landed an accounting job at a large firm in the city. With the money I'd made in porn, I was able to get my car fixed and pay my rent until my "day job" caught up. The bad news is that my commute to my new job was over an hour in the traffic nightmare that is Los Angles. The long commute left me many hours to contemplate my film career and think back on what I'd done. Most of my commutes ended with me hoping no one would notice my erection under my clothes as I headed for the men's room to masturbate to the memories I'd created. I must confess, there were many days I had the phone in one hand and Marty's number in the other, ready to sign another contract. 

Part II

Working as a junior accountant at a large firm has its up and its downs. On good days, I was able to feel like I was actually accomplishing something in the area that I'd been trained in for years. Those days weren't very often. Most days, my work entailed doing mundane tasks that a trained monkey with a calculator could do. Sitting there in my cubical on most days, I'd take a short break from what I was doing and day-dream about my former career as a gay porn star. The sex I experienced was good enough, I suppose, but having the camera crew and the other people standing around watching me suck a cock and have another pumping into my ass was really what turned me on. Sitting there, pretending to work, I would fantasize about making another film. I could picture myself there, on the set, lights bright above me, camera pointed right at me, on my hands and knees, as an unknown stud fucks me from behind. This often meant that I'd have to head to the men's room and hope that there was no one there so I could relieve myself before I burst. 

I'd managed to make a few friends in the office, but no one very close. I mostly stayed to myself, but would chat with my coworkers when I saw them in the break room. One guy, a guy about my age in the legal department named Tim, seemed to be on the same break and lunch schedule as I was, so we became friends. One day, I was looking at the message board in the break room where people would post notices about this and that: bikes for sale, roommate wanted, etc. I looked at one of the roommate wanted notices and saw that it was Tim.

"Tim," I said. "Are you looking for a roommate?"

"Yea," he said. "My current roommate is moving out at the end of the month and I need help with the rent. It's a great place, too. Two bedrooms, two baths, big balcony, and a decent sized living room. I've even got a hot tub on our balcony which is just plain awesome!"

I asked him where he lived and he told me it was about a half mile from here. "Hell, I bike or walk to work every day!", he said. 

"Shit! I'm sick of my hour-plus commute! What's the rent?" I asked.

He told me and it was about 50% more than I was currently paying, but I figured that I'd save a ton on gas alone. 

"My lease is up at the end of the month! This could work out perfectly! Any chance I could take the other bedroom at the end of the month?" I asked.

He held out his hand and said "Welcome aboard!"

I pulled his notice off the bulletin board and threw it away. Later that day, Tim took me over to his place and it was everything he'd said it was. Saying it was much, much nicer than my current pad would be the understatement of the century. 

When moving day arrived, Tim helped me move my belongings into our new place. We unpacked and celebrated with a few beers on the balcony. We made idle chatter as we sat there looking at the city lights. "I'm going for a Jacuzzi," Tim said. He got up and took the cover off the hot tub. "You getting in?" he asked.

"Sure. Let me go change," I said.

"Sorry, man," he said. "No suits allowed in the hot tub. House rule."

"Seriously?" I asked.

"Seriously. There's never been a swimsuit in this hot tub and there never will be. Besides, it's dark and no one will see. Grab us a couple more beers and come on! Don't be a pussy!" 

I went into the kitchen, grabbed four beers and as I headed back to the balcony, I could see Tim's naked form slipping into the water. I put the beers on edge of the tub and stripped. Tim was just sitting there with his head back and his eyes closed.

I slipped into the water and popped open another beer. "This is awesome. A great way to end the day," I said.

We sat and soaked in silence and drank our beers. When we'd finished all of the beers I'd brought out, I got up to get out of the tub. 

"You going for more beers?" Tim asked.

"I wasn't going to. I was going to dry off and get some food."

"Fuck food! Eatin's Cheatin'!" he said. "Grab us a few more beers! Let's party a while to celebrate you moving in!"

What the hell, I thought. I headed to the kitchen and grabbed four more beers. As I returned, I could see Tim watching me walk toward him. I became a little self-conscious as I walked toward him because I knew what he was going to say to me.

"You don't have any body hair. What's up with that?" he asked me.

I quickly made up a story and told him how my former girlfriend liked me hairless and insisted I keep myself shaved. After she left me, I'd gotten so used to it that I'd kept myself shaved since then. The last thing I wanted to tell him was that my contract as a gay porn star demanded the only body hair I was allowed to have was on my head and on my arms. Truth be told, I'd gotten so used to being hairless that I kept up the routine every week or so. It turned me on, honestly. 

"Interesting," he said and cracked open another beer.

We soaked and talked for a while longer and the combination of no food, the hot water, and the beers were starting to get me quite buzzed. When we finished the last of the beers, Tim got up out of the tub and had me follow him inside. "I want to show you something," he said.

I followed Tim inside and grabbed a towel to dry off. Tim came out of his room with a towel wrapped around his waist carrying a VHS tape. He walked over to the VCR, put the tape in, and grabbed the remote. "Check this out," he said.

He clicked the TV on and hit play. As the tape began to play, I about shit. There I was: on my knees, face flat on the mattress, looking right into the camera begging to be fucked. The camera pulled out and my co-star, John, came into view as he slid his cock into my ass. 

I looked over at Tim, mouth agape in astonishment. He looked at me and smiled. "That looks an awful lot like you, Michael. Have you ever made a porno before?"

I looked back at the TV, mouth still wide open and watched the scene that I'd filmed weeks ago play out. As I watched the video, I swear I could feel John's cock sliding in and out of my ass. I turned back to Tim and he was still smiling, watching me. 

"Is that you? Did you really make a gay porno movie?" he asked again.

"I...um...That's not me," I said as I could feel my cheeks flushing.

"It even sounds like you, too, Michael," he said as he turned up the volume to near maximum.

The voice on the TV was shouting "FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" as the camera closed in on my ass to show how I was thrusting myself onto John's hard cock.

"Um...I, uh,...That's not me," I said again.

"Really?" Tim said. "I looks like you and sounds like you. I'd say it is you." Tim continued to watch me as I alternating between looking at the tv and him. I the remembered something Marty had told me and said : 

"Well, they say that everyone in the world has a double and it looks like mine is a gay porn star."

"Bullshit," he said. "I know that's you. I've known that was you since the moment I saw you. You're James Monroe, star of this movie "Dormroom Studs 4." I'm positive that's you. You don't have to pretend with me. I don't care at all." Then, he looked at the TV and said "Oh! Here's the best part!"

I looked back at the TV just as I'd turned around to suck John off. I watched as I pulled off his cock with my mouth and jacked his hardness to coax the cum into my mouth. I could feel my erection building below my towel as I stood there watching the scene unfold on the TV.

"I love the way you let him cum in your mouth like that, then spit it back on to his cock as you sucked him off. Oh! Look! Right there, you just swallowed! Did his cum taste good, Michael? Did you like the feeling of him cumming in your mouth?" he taunted me. I looked back at him and he looked down at the tent pole sticking out of my towel. "I guess so, huh? Look at you! You're getting hard just watching yourself get fucked!"

I looked down and became embarrassed at my erection, so I quickly sat down on the couch. I was defeated and I knew it and there was no point further denying it. My secret was out. My only hope was to pray that Time could keep a secret. "You can't tell anyone," I pleaded. 

"Man, look at that," he said, pointing to the TV. "You let that guy fuck your ass, you suck him off and let him cum in your mouth, and what does he do for you? A shitty, quick blow job. That's not cool. What an asshole." With that, he clicked off the TV. 

"Seriously," I said. "You can't tell anyone. No one knows. They'll fire me if they find out."

"Don't worry," he said as he sat down across from me. "I'm not going to tell anyone. You're secret's safe with me. In fact, this is my favorite video! My old roommate and I used to watch this and fuck all the time! We practically wore the tape to pieces, we watched it so much. So, tell me: what was it like? Did you like it? How did you get started in the business?"

I sat there relieved that maybe, just maybe, Tim could keep a secret. I looked at him for a long moment. He was sitting across from me in the easy chair, a blue towel wrapped around his waist. He wasn't a great looking guy or anything, but he was handsome enough. A little taller than my 6 foot frame, maybe a little heavier than my 180 pounds, light brown hair, and brown eyes. I looked at him and prayed that I could trust him, then realized that I had no choice BUT to trust him and I started talking. I told him everything. Over the next 2 hours, I told him my whole story from start to finish. I described Marty's office, the medical exams I took, the contract that said we could only be with people who were in the system, how I'd meet the other actors in Marty's office the day of the shoot, how we'd all pile into a van, the layout of the warehouse where we filmed, the other guys I'd met along the way, Nancy the make-up lady and so on and so on. Occasionally, Tim would interrupt to ask a question, but mostly he just sat there and listened. At one point, he asked me if I still had Marty's card and so I got up and found it in my wallet and gave it to him. I explained that the number of times I had that card in one hand and the phone in the other would astound him. 

After I'd finished, Time stood up and said "Ok. Well, thanks for telling me that. That's one hell of a story! "He looked at the clock and said "Well, it's late and I'm going to bed. See you in the morning." With that, he walked into his room and closed the door. I sat there for a few more minutes and then I stood up to go to bed. I heard Tim's door open and he walked out, went straight for the VCR, ejected the tape and said "I forgot my video." Then he went to his room and closed the door behind him. 

As I laid in bed that night, I swear I could hear my voice coming through the walls from his room. 

Tim and I settled into a daily routine: We'd get up, eat quickly and walk to work. During that time out of our apartment, he was as professional as one could expect. But when we got home, usually about the same time, Tim would ask question after question about the porn industry and how things worked. He was particularly interested in the business side of things, but also interested in what it was like under the lights with the cameras rolling. One night, he pulled out the other two videos that I was in and we watched them together. 

As we were watching me as the college professor fucking Tony, Tim said "You know, you really don't seem to into this scene. You know what I mean?"

"Yea," I said. "Tony was an asshole and I really didn't enjoy it that much. The sex was good, but he ruined it for me, I think." 

"So," he said. "Do you prefer to fuck or get fucked, I guess is the question?"

"Well," I said quite frankly. "I actually prefer to be the bottom. That's the guy that takes it in the videos. The top is the guy doing the fucking. I liked both, but I think I prefer the bottom." 

"Man," he said. "I can't believe this is really you.  You're like my favorite porn star! And you're living in my apartment! It's like a dream come true."

"Honestly, I didn't realize you were gay! I would never have pegged you as gay seeing you in the office." I said. 

"Yea, well," he said. "I guess I have a secret too. And no one knows I'm gay at the office, so I won't tell if you don't."

"Deal!", I said and got up and changed the video to my three-way in the doctor's office.

As we watched my last scene, Tim said "Yea, you seem to enjoy this much better. You look like you're really getting off on this."

"This was the first time I'd ever had a threesome. It was pretty intense," I said.

"I can tell. And that guy playing the doctor has a huge cock!"

"It was, by far, the biggest cock I'd ever seen. He kept gagging me with it as the nurse was fucking me. You can see my eyes watering and everything. It was hot, sure, but I could have done without him trying to jam the thing down my throat," I said. 

We watched the remainder of the video in near silence. When it was over, Tim said "Well, you're a better bottom than a top, that's for sure. Did you get to have any say-so as to the roles you played?"

I told him that the guys I'd met during filming had contracts that stated they could be "top only" and so forth, so there had to be a way. 

"But if given the choice," he said. "You'd rather be a bottom?"

"I think so, yes," I said. 

I headed off to bed shortly after that and once again, I swear I could hear my voice coming from Tim's room.

A few days later, I got home late and Tim was in the hot tub. I grabbed a beer and slumped down in to the chair on the balcony. "God, what a long-ass day! I thought I'd never get out of there!"

Tim said "What's kept you? I've been home for hours!"

"I know," I said. "Fucking clients I've got to deal with are such demanding pricks it makes me want to scream."

"Well," he said as he got up out of the hot tub and wrapped a towel around his waist. "I've got something for you that might just pick your spirits up!" 

"You got me a present or something?" I asked.

"Not exactly, come on" he said as he went back into his room. When he came out he was carrying a manila folder. "Check this out: I've been in negotiations with Marty for over a week now. Here's your new contract!" 

"What?!?" I said. "What the fuck? New contract?"

"Listen," he said. "I have this all figured out. Just listen and let me explain."

Over the next several minutes, Tim explained what he'd done. As I was answering his questions about Marty's operation, he was making mental notes. On his breaks at work, he did some research. The videos that I had made, particularly the two where I was the bottom, had grossed $100,000 apiece. Marty was getting rich off my ass and paying me peanuts for it. I had become in a very short time, a bona fide porn star and my videos were flying off the shelves. He'd called Marty and claimed to be my agent and negotiated a contract on my behalf.

"Wait a minute," I said. "We never talked about that. I never said I'd go back to that."

"Yea, but you wanted to! It's what you really want to do! You told me that you had his number in one hand and the phone in the other plenty of times. I just did the paper work for you. Check it out. This contract is great! You're going to love it!"

Tim described what he'd negotiated: I'd get $1,000 per scene, not video, I was in. Bonuses were doubled as well. I was limited to two scenes per calendar week, maximum.  I'd get script approval and I'd get to meet the people I was working with prior to filming. If I didn't want to work with them, I could cancel the shoot.  The list of perks I was to receive was quite long.

"How did you get him to agree with this?" I asked.

"Well, that's the kicker, I guess," he said. "You'll be on the hook for two years from the date of signing.  You'll have to go through the medical exam again before you can sign, but think about it: A grand per scene for as long as you want to work! More if you think about the bonus! And if you get burned out, you just don't approve the script or the people you'd work with! It's perfect!"

I looked at Tim and said "What's in this for you?"

"Well, I'm your agent now," he said. "I get 15% of all your earnings. That's a standard arrangement, so I'm told. I'll go with you to every shoot and make sure Marty doesn't fuck you over. "

"I don't know, Tim," I said. "I've thought about it, but I'm not sure I want to go back to that life. I have a job now. I don't need to do this anymore."

"But you do need to do this," he said. "This is what you want to do and you know it. The contract states that you'd do this according to your schedule. We can make this work, I swear. It will be great!"

"I can't believe you did this, Tim. You had no right to do this. I'm not going to sign that," I said.

"Bullshit. You know you want to go back to this! Just think about getting on the set again, letting another guy fuck that hot ass of yours! You are great at this! You have to sign. We'll make a ton of money and you'll get what you so desperately want. Are you afraid of what you want? All you have to do is reach out and take it. It's so easy!" he said.

"My problem isn't the work, it's the fact that you didn't tell me about it before, so, you know, we could discuss it or something?  You negotiated a contract on my behalf without so much as asking me what I wanted," I said. 

"Well," he said. " Let me walk you through the contract and if there's anything I left out, I can renegotiate. Just relax, will you? I'm telling you: You're going to love this!"
