 This is a story of what happened to me as a freshman in college. My name is Justin and I was a football hero. This happened twelve years ago after receiving a football scholarship at a major school. I was nineteen at the time and had been heavily recruited coming out of high school. I played defensive back and had a great high school record. As a poor white kid from the Seattle area, I had never traveled out of the state of Washington. I had a choice of big schools to go to with full scholarship offers so I picked one all the way across the country in a deep south state. For the next four years I would be a thousand miles from home. When I left home, I was a sexual novice. As a football star, I had girlfriends of course but very limited experience. I had not done anything considered wild or kinky. I had my share of fantasies and hoped that college would provide me with some opportunities to act on them. I had never done anything with guys but I was curious. The macho stigma of football players always seemed to get in the way. For years, I kept my curiosity to myself.

Summer practice was hot, hard and grueling, especially for us freshmen. We had to work twice as hard and still got twice the abuse. I played safety and was doing extremely well. The coaches seemed impressed by my skills and hard work. Every day I got better and better and the coaches gave me a chance with the first team defense to see how I would do. The first play was a screen and our defense was caught by surprise. The running back caught the ball with blockers in front and no one to stop them. It looked like a sure touchdown but as the safety, I had to do everything possible to prevent one. I made a move on the center, Mike and blew past the fullback Tony to make the tackle. A couple plays later, our captain, middle linebacker Henry, called a blitz with himself going in. He called for man coverage. As soon as the offense lined up, I knew it was a mistake. I saw the quarterback Trent read it and make an audible. I read the tight end crossing over the middle where Henry would usually be. I expected Henry, a senior and veteran to read it too and check out of the blitz but he didn't. I quickly abandon the man coverage and made a move to the middle on the snap. I stepped in front of the tight end and picked off the pass, returning it for a touchdown. 

After the play, our coach talked to Henry and me. He asked Henry what the coverage was. Henry told him, "I called man coverage with an A gap blitz coach."

The coach turned to me and asked, "What coverage did you play Justin?"

I explained, "I read the play as a middle zone slant by the end and dropped into zone to take away the middle, coach."

Henry looked pissed off at me for not obeying him and for showing him up. The coach told me that I was correct and patted me on the back for the read. As a freshman, I was beginning to get under the skin of some of the seniors and captains. A week before our first exhibition game the coach named me a starter. For a moment I was on top of the world. I would soon receive a healthy dose of reality.

The five team captains told me that rookie starters had to do extra practice. After regular practice they made me run extra laps, do a hundred more push-ups, and try to block each of them. The latter was the hardest because all of them were huge. I was in good shape at 5' 11", 190 lbs, but was eclipsed by all of them in size. The quarterback, Trent, was a six two, two hundred ten pound, blond beach god from California who was normally cool but had a bug on because I picked off his pass in practice for a touchdown. The fullback Tony, a powerful black player from Florida was shorter than me but fifty pounds heavier and solid, chiseled muscle. He was a perfectionist and expected the same from everyone else. The centre Mike, a white farm boy from Oklahoma, kept his brown hair cut short, was a huge body builder weighing three hundred pounds. Rudy was our star defensive end who was from North Carolina. Ruthless and blood thirsty on the field, he was everybody's buddy off. He was always playing practical jokes and clowning around in the locker room. The gentle black giant stood easily at six foot nine. Our top captain was our middle linebacker Henry, who came from the projects of Detroit. He was six three, two hundred forty pounds of evil. He was always intense, feared by all, and the toughest guy I ever met.

After forty extra minutes, Henry finally told me to hit the showers. The locker room was almost empty by the time I got there. I got out of my sweaty equipment and was looking forward to a nice refreshing shower. The captains followed me in and turned on all the hot water, which created a lot of steam. As I soaped up I couldn't help noticing their great bodies. In particular, Rudy's dick hung ten inches soft. It was long, thick and had a fat head on it that was covered by a long foreskin. I imagined how big it would get when it was hard. I would soon find out. As I was about to leave, they stopped me. Henry said that to be a starter I had to pass initiation. He pushed me to my knees and I found myself eye to eye with his big, black, fat as my wrist, ten inch, uncircumcised hard-on. 

Although shocked and scared, my mouth watered for that huge tool as I placed that bulbous purple head between my lips. I grasped his meat with my hand and pulled back the tight foreskin. I sucked it as hard as possible but he was too big. He held my long, auburn hair as I tongued his cock all over, and his giant balls too. Although scared to death, I was surprisingly turned on. As I gave his cock a tongue bath, I sensed him growing impatient. He jammed his fat organ into the back of my mouth making me gag. I remembered what a girlfriend once told me about exhaling through the nose on down strokes and tried it. Amazingly his cock slid passed my tonsils and stretched my throat wide. Henry must have enjoyed the sensation of my throat because he almost smiled as he said, "That's a good bitch. Suck my mother-fuckin' dick!"

It felt great. On the up strokes I sucked hard like a vacuum then tried to impale as much as possible into my throat on each down stroke. I couldn't reach the bottom so I stroked that with my hand. I alternated sucking like that for ten strokes or so and using my tongue on the big purple head. After ten minutes of blowing the captain, I tasted salty pre cum on the head. As my blue eyes never left his big black ones, I could see him start to go into a daze. He started fucking my face fast and hard. I grasped his big hard buns with my hands to hang on. As I kneaded them, he suddenly erupted in orgasm. Although I had tasted my own cum before, it had not prepared me for the torrent that Henry delivered. The first blast went passed my tonsils and into my throat. The next filled my mouth, but the sperm kept on coming and ran out onto my chin. 

I swallowed the tasty load figuring that I passed my initiation, but Trent, the quarterback came over with a semi hard-on about seven inches long. He had a smooth, circumcised prick that continued to grow. Without any hesitation he shoved the entire length into my open mouth, balls deep. My well lubricated throat made that seem simple. With my nose in his blond pubes, I could feel his rod growing harder in my mouth. He groaned his approval and the others cheered. I was hoping he would come right there but he had another plan. Trent pulled his ridged member out of my mouth and rubbed it all over my face, coating it with Henry's come. I badly wanted to taste that cum covered pole but was instructed to stand up and bend over the shower bench, which I did. 

Trent roughly pulled my ass cheeks apart and spit on my asshole. I could feel the tip of his cock searching my crack for my back door. I could not believe that he was actually going to fuck me. Soon his hot, hard, slippery cock head was passed that tight muscle and I was suddenly no longer a virgin. "This boy has one tight ass!" he commented as he buried his bone home deep inside my rectum. It was painful yet stimulating. For the first time I realized how turned on I was as my dick was fully erect and straining. That took my mind off of the pain while Trent fucked me hard up the ass. His body felt hot pressed against my back. His cock was so hot. It felt fantastic, driving deep within me. Unconsciously, and without touching myself, I unloaded a huge orgasm all over the shower bench. I came from getting fucked in the ass. I looked at the huge gobs of cream. I was amazed that it all came out of my sac. 

Trent slowed his attack on my ass for a moment, in shock of what he just saw. He bent me over further and ordered me to eat my cum off of the seat. Doing what I was told I lapped up every drop of my jism. Surprisingly, that got me excited and hard again. Inspired, Trent assaulted my asshole with vigor for a couple more minutes, finally slamming it home and filling my bowels with his seed. I laid face down on the bench as Trent's receding member slipped from my chute. No sooner was my rim returning to normal that I felt it split wide open again. It was Rudy, and he was huge. Despite the cum already in my hole, he was too big and I screamed as he forced his monster in.

There was no mercy for me. Mike, the centre, crammed his six inch, circumcised dick into my open mouth, which muffled my cries. Tears rolled down face as I was being double fucked. Rudy must have had nine fat inches in me already and there was still more! It felt as if I was being split in two. 

Rudy laughed, "You love it, don't ya bitch?" he kept taunting. I couldn't answer while trying my best to suck a cock and with that salami up my ass. Despite my best efforts, Rudy raped my butt furiously. The cum was enough lubrication to allow him to slide a foot in and a foot out. Meanwhile Mike's dick took my mind off of the pain somewhat as I bobbed my face up and down his thick shaft. Within a couple of minutes he grabbed the back of my head and blasted several shots of hot sticky cream down my throat. I gulped and gulped as I swallowed it all. It was delicious.

He rolled off the bench and Tony took his place. Tony was amazing and had a beautiful, fat nine inch, circumcised cock. Despite the hammering I was taking from Rudy, I made slow love to Tony's wand with my tongue at his instruction. I licked his meaty, veined shaft, sucked on each of his bare, shaved balls, and licked around his asshole. At one particularly hard thrust by Rudy, my tongue impaled Tony's ass. While I was there, I figured I might as well lick the inside of his rectum for him. He liked that a lot and moaned as I gave him a rim job. Tony was excited and soon pushed the head of his hard cock back into my mouth. I lustfully sucked on it, all the way up and down. About fifteen Rudy was finally coming and shot what felt like a gallon of sperm inside my chute. He pulled out of my sore asshole that was left gapping.

Tony took his knob from my mouth, and went behind me. I was going to get fucked by a third cock. First, Rudy came around to the front of me and shoved his receding member into my face demanding a clean up. It was nasty, smelled funky, and was covered in thick, ivory cum. He crammed it into my mouth. I sucked the head clean, but he jammed all twelve inches down my throat for a total wash. I was shocked that I could deep throat all of it. He then thanked me and got up to leave. Tony meanwhile, was sampling Rudy's handy work on my ass. He said jokingly, "Hey Rude, you ruined him for the rest of us." He then put three fingers into my wide open hole and scooped out a handful of sperm. Tony then presented the hand to my mouth and said, "Try this. It's ass cream."

Everyone laughed hysterically as I opened wide to eat it all and licked his fingers clean. Tony then got to work fucking me. He was far gentler than the others and I was so loosened up that I felt no pain at all. In fact it was terrific. I loved the feeling of being stuffed. Tony caressed my hips and back as he slowly made love to me. He even snaked his tongue into ear and kissed my neck. It was heaven. I even found myself begging, "Please fuck me Tony!" 

He rolled me over onto my back and began fucking me like a woman. My knees were pinned back to my shoulders. As he fucked me, my six inch cock was rubbing against his belly. After ten minutes or so of his pounding, I came again all over our stomachs. He laughed and stepped up the tempo of our fuck. I could see in his face that he was ready to blow. 

Tony instructed me, "Open your mouth Justin," which I figured meant he wanted to come there. I did as I was told. He instead shocked everyone including me by kissing me full on the lips. Tony's tongue invaded my mouth as he kissed me. Consider where my mouth had just been and all that went into it, that was quite brave. I kissed him passionately, sucking on his long tongue. He groaned into my mouth as I felt him come inside my asshole. As his orgasm subsided, Tony slowly withdrew from me. As he stood up, I looked at him lovingly.

It was back to reality though, as Henry said, "Enough of that faggot shit." Henry took Tony's place on top of me and proceeded to rape my ass hard. It wasn't as rough as Rudy's but he fucked me pretty raw. While he was doing that, Trent put his dirty dick back into my mouth for another blowjob.

They were both rough as they double fucked me. Trent held onto my hair and face fucked me. His balls slapped me in the cheek with each deep thrust. Henry pounded my ass like a jack hammer without mercy and berated me by calling me "white whore, faggot, princess, and cum slut." They both moaned as I took their cocks. Henry pulled out of my ass roughly and came over to my head next to Trent. He started stroking off . Trent pulled out of mouth and stroked himself too. Then they came together all over my face. Their sperm splashed all over me, leaving a glaze on my face. 

Mike was turned on from watching us and wanted another blowjob. I opened wide and swallowed his erection. I bobbed up and down on it, sucking him as best I could. He came quickly and I swallowed all of his cum down my throat again.

As I sat on the shower bench breathing heavily, Rudy stood before me again. His foot long monster was forced into my mouth. Even with a sore jaw, I managed to do some great deep throat work. It was tough though and Rudy was content to let me lick his shaft with alternating sucks on the crown of his cock head. I used my hand to pump his shaft. It was so thick that my fingers didn't even meet while I grasped it. As I lowered my mouth, I sucked on his big, egg sized testicles. Rudy groaned, "That's it bitch. Make me fucking come. Ahh!" He splashed a huge load of cum on my face too. 

Finally, Tony wanted to fuck me again. He stood me up and pressed me face first against the wall and slid his rejuvenated cock up my well worn ass from behind. I couldn't stand on my own so he held me up in his strong arms. He screwed me by grinding his hips into my butt. I pressed back against him to maximize the friction. Tony took long, deep, slow strokes as he fucked me. He kissed the back of my neck and reached around with his hand to stroke my dick which had grown hard again. It felt so good and so right. I savored the feeling. Tony fucked me for what seemed an eternity. He finally announced that he was ready to come again. I asked him to come in my mouth.

He lowered me to the floor and stood in front of me with his erection staring at me. It was dirty with all the cum from previous fucks. I took it into my mouth and sucked his orgasm out of his balls. Tony blew his load into my mouth and I greedily swallowed every drop. I licked his genitals clean and slumped down onto the shower room floor after what had been an over an hour fuck- a- thon. Tony turned the shower on me as they all left to go home.

I had passed their initiation with flying colors and was welcomed to the starting line up. The football season was a success. Henry was even tougher on our opponents then he was on us making me glad that I was not on any of the other teams. He sent more players off on a stretcher than I can remember. Rudy broke some conference record for quarterback sacs as well. Our offence led the conference in total yardage and I received defensive rookie of the year honors in the conference for picking off fifteen passes.

The best parts were the post game parties. We would always have a big bash. Usually, Tony would excuse himself a bit early and ask me if I needed a ride home. That was his signal for me and meant that when we got back to my room, Tony would be all over me. We would make out for a while before Tony would fuck my mouth and ass all night long with his nice, big, juicy, black cock. I never got tired of feeling his cum inside of me.

That was a long time ago, but I will always remember that rookie season with fond memories. Today I am bisexual, have no hang-ups and am enjoying a successful engineering career. Many of my old teammates have gone on to successful football careers too. When you watch football on TV on Sunday, you never know if one of those players was gang banging me in that shower room that day.