 When I was in my third year of college, the dorm rooms became too expensive and I had to find an apartment off campus. I couldn't afford one on my own so I decided to ask one of my dorm mates to share with me. I lived in a co-ed dorm and decided to share with a girl named Chris. She had a boyfriend, I had a girlfriend, so it was strictly a platonic arrangement. We soon found a low-rent basement apartment. Nothing fancy, just two bedrooms and the necessities.

After several months of living together, Chris's boyfriend, John, was coming over more and more. The walls were thin and I could often hear them fucking in the next room. I would stop studying when they were moaning and would masturbate and try to finish before the squealing stopped. They could be quite loud, but I didn't mind, even when they woke me up.

One day in the middle of the afternoon I was studying and John and Chris were in the other room and I could hear them starting to fuck. Their moaning became louder and louder. I took out my cock and started to tug it as I listened, imagining that I was the one fucking Chris. She was pretty hot, 21 years old, C cups, nice face. I was getting closer and closer to coming, and just before I was about to finish, the screaming stopped abruptly. I heard their bedroom door open and then John said, "Come on, we're not finished."

She replied, "Sorry, I just realized I'm late for class," and then I heard her scoot out the front door. I put my throbbing cock back into my tighty whities and opened my book back up. I heard John shout, "Fuck!" and punch the wall. I put my book down and went out into the hall. Chris's bedroom door was open.

John was under a blanket with his hands behind his head.

"I guess you heard that."

"Yup."

"Can you hear us through the walls?"

"Ah . . . sometimes. I did today."

"Isn't that a fucker?" he said. "She left right before I came. Dammit."

"Yeah, that totally sucks," I said and sat down beside him on the floor. Chris had a mattress on the floor as a bed.

John looked me up and down in my T-shirt and underwear.

"Looks like you might have been playing along," he said, pointing to my semi-erect cock and the faint drip of precum on my underwear.

"Ah, couldn't help it," I said, pulling my T-shirt down.

"Don't be so modest, we're just a couple of guys here." I let go of my T-shirt. "Look at this," he said, pulling back the blanket. He was covered by only a sheet, his cock outlined neatly on the white fabric. He, too, was leaking precum. "I guess I'll have to whack off, and I'm tired of that."

He looked at me and, I thought, glanced down to my groin again before he lay back. He reached down and squeezed his cock. "I can't believe that she didn't finish me. I was so close to cumming inside her." He stroked it a couple of times. "I sure wish I didn't have to finish this myself."

He looked at me again and then put his hands behind his head. Was he coming onto me? I'd always wondered if he might be bisexual. One time after we'd been drinking at a house party we stepped outside to take a leak. He asked if I wanted to "cross swords," which, he explained, meant that we would cross our streams. We did. "Hey, you're all natural," he said, looking down at my uncut cock. I zipped up hurriedly. He must have been looking at me closely as it was quite dark outside.

Another time we were drinking at a party and he squeezed in beside me in a big armchair. When no one was looking he stuck his tongue in my ear. I pulled away and he laughed and said it was a joke. Still, shivers ran down my spine.

Now, with his hands behind his head, his cock twitched under the thin sheet and he soaked the fabric with more precum.

I had never done anything with a guy before, but for some reason I found myself becoming really hard. I could see his cock even more now under the sheet. I could tell that he was circumcised and I could see the purple of the head. I wondered what his cock felt like. I'd seen cut cocks in the shower in gym but had never been so close to one. It twitched again. I looked up and met his eyes. He'd been watching me watch his cock. I looked away.

"Yup," he said, "I sure wish she'd finished me. God I'm still fucking hard and about ready to come." He lifted up the pillow and put it over his face. "Damn bad luck," he said, his voice muffled under the pillow. His penis twitched again.

We sat in silence for a couple of minutes. I started at his cock, wondering what it looked like and what his skin would feel like. Occasionally it would shudder slightly. He kept the pillow over his face. I started to shake a little. I squeezed my cock through my underwear. He just lay there. I wanted to see what it looked like.

Slowly my hand moved towards him. I made it almost to his leg and then rested my hand on the bed. I'm sure he could feel the weight of it holding down the sheet, but he didn't move. I was still shaking. I didn't know what would happen if I made a move. He might take a swing at me and tell my roommate about it and I'd have to find another place to live. But I had to take the chance.

I lifted up my hand and placed it gently on his thigh. His breathing stopped, but still he didn't move. With one finger on his leg, I moved my hand towards his cock. I touched the tip gently with my index finger, then slowly ran the finger down to the base of his cock. He moaned softly under the pillow. That gave me the courage to take his cock in my hand. It was softer, more pliable than I had anticipated, and I could swear that it swelled in my hand. I squeezed it gently and began to stroke him through the sheet. I figured that was what he wanted so I kept doing it.

After a couple of minutes he moved his arms from under the pillow, which was still over his face, and reached down. I lifted my hand, thinking that he'd changed his mind, but instead he took the sheet in his hand and slowly lifted it over his penis. His cut cock glistened and throbbed in the pale light of Chris's study lamp. The underbelly was veined and white. He put his hands back behind his head.

This time I didn't hesitate. I reached out and took his bare cock in my hand. How good it felt, so strong. It was long and thin, not like mine, which is not quite as long but is quite thick. I stroked him some more and reached down and stroked my own cock as well. I pulled down my underwear down my thighs.

Suddenly all I wanted to do was to turn him over and fuck him in his ass, and it took all of my restraint not to do that. He may have let me, but that might have been the end of our experimenting, so I continued to stroke his beautiful cock. He moaned some more from under the pillow. I squeezed his balls, then moved my hand up and down his shaft.

I had to taste it. I didn't think he'd stop me, he was too far along. Before I could worry about mustering up the courage, I leaned over and wrapped my lips around that perfect head. He stiffened and stopped breathing again but before he could do anything I took him entirely in my mouth, and he let out a long, primal moan and relaxed. God that cock felt good in my mouth. I could taste Chris's pussy on his hard rod. I'd always wanted to go down on her, and this was the closest I was going to get.

I didn't really know what I was doing -- I was usually on the receiving end of this -- but I kept sucking away on that beautiful cock. He spread his legs wide and raised his body off the mattress slightly. He was now fucking my mouth. I felt his hand on my head. "Suck that cock," he said. "Oh god that feels good. You don't know how long I've thought about doing this with you."

I decided to take my time, licking the head, running my tongue up and down the shaft. He reached past my head and cupped his balls as I blew him. Then he slid a hand further south and I could see that he was starting to finger his ass. I moved my hand down there and he moved his away and I found his puckering hole. My finger, covered in his juices, slid in easily to the first bend.

He moaned loudly as I fingerfucked him and blew him. "Suck it, suck it, suck it . . ." he muttered under his breath, "fuck that hole . . ." He was pumping against me with his entire body. His breathing quickened so much that I thought he was going to pass out. "I'm going to cum," he whispered, "I'm going to cum, fuck I'm going to cu-" and suddenly my mouth was awash with his ropey fluid. Burst after burst of jism spurt into my mouth.

I almost choked and could feel it squeezing out the sides of my mouth, but I held on. Some found its way down my throat. I opened my mouth and looked at his cock, shiny with saliva and cum. I licked his cock and squeezed out more cum and swallowed it. His ass shuddered against my finger. I could see sweat mixed with jism on his legs and flat stomach. I licked his cock until it was clean, then ran my tongue over small pools of cum on his belly.

"God, that was the best orgasm I've ever had," he said. "I've never done that before."

"Me either," I said, smiling.

"I have to go to class now, too," he said, jumping up to get dressed. "I'll be back a few hours before Chris gets back. Will you be here?"

I nodded. "Okay, I'll see you later then. I have to reciprocate, that's for sure. I want to taste that uncut cock of yours. Oh . . ." He reached into a drawer and pulled out a bottle of lube. "We might be needing this." And he disappeared out of the bedroom.

Before he was even out the front door I had whacked myself to a tremendous orgasm, picturing John on his stomach, his smooth, hairless ass in the air, his asshole gripping my thick uncircumcised cock. My semen sputtered over Chris's newly laundered sheets, and I fell back on the floor, completely spent.