 This story deals with the topics of gay sex and incest, mostly suited for a long jack off story, with a lot of emphasis and detail on the sex. I chose the gay sex category, if it offends you, please avoid it, if there is any interest in it, let me know, I would like to do a sequel if there is any support...

*****

My name is Nick and I am definitely the runt of the litter. 

My father is 6'4, a strapping model of a man. He was a high school and college standout athlete. He still goes to the gym several times a week and has maintained his youthful image. My 3 older brothers, Danny, Frank and Steven, are all over 6 foot tall and also very athletic. I come from a family of jocks, so why I am so small and under developed, is a mystery to me.

My mother describes me, waifish? An expression I absolutely hate when she uses it. The first time she used it I was 13 and I looked the definition of it up on the Internet and despise the word. Waifish?

I have just turned 18 and am at a point in my life where my hormones are raging. I'm always horny and it seems like I sometimes masturbate 2-3 times a day behind my locked bedroom door to porno off the Internet. I don't have a girlfriend, as girls don't seem too interested in me, so the Internet's porno is my device for sex.

Being 5'6"s tall, I often wondered if mom cheated on Dad and if I'm not his, as my genes are obviously not in sync with my older siblings. I never could comprehend why I am so small, so under developed and so lacking in any athletic prowess.

True, I am slim, actually painfully skinny. I have a soft physique, no muscular definition, about 132 pounds, smooth of almost any body hair, no facial hair yet to speak of and have past my shoulders in length, sandy blond hair. I almost always keep it pulled back in a pony tail, unlike my father and brothers that all have dark black hair. They had all played football in high school, or baseball, or basketball or multiple sports, while I'm not even remotely interested in sports. 

All my brothers are handsome, athletic, well toned and have always had girlfriends. Dad at 44, still has cashiers, waitress's, saleswomen, the neighbor's wives and some of my brother's girlfriends flirt with him on occasion. I can see he enjoys when that happens, but I think he is faithful to my mother. Still, he definitely has opportunities presented to him if he wanted. 

Mom, has not aged as well as dad, but after 4 kids, I guess that's to be expected. I don't think their sex life is very good and feel like my dad really misses that. When I look at them together, I can mentally picture my dad with a younger sexier woman. 

I know my parents love me, there is no doubt in my mind about that, but I sometimes feel my dad is disappointed that I didn't turn out in his spitting image or the athlete that my brothers are. I will occasionally get lovingly teased sometimes by my brothers a little about my diminutive size and lack of physique, but dad always comes to my rescue and in my defense, tells them to knock it off.

I once heard Uncle Ronnie, my dad's younger brother, and my father talking about me when they didn't know I was in ear shot. Uncle Ronnie was asking what happened to me, why was I so puny and was my dad embarrassed of me. My dad replied that he was not embarrassed of me at all, that I excelled in school but I was just small and that Uncle Ronnie should drop it right there. This made me feel better, but occasionally Uncle Ronnie will make still comments about my small stature to me when nobody is around, which hurts my feelings, so I avoid him as much as possible.

At times, Dad and Uncle Ronnie have an uneasy relationship it seems. I honestly think Uncle Ronnie is jealous that my father has a loving wife, 4 loving sons and a stable family lifestyle. 

Uncle Ronnie's lifestyle is wild, carefree and not near as structured as my dads. He owns a couple of exotic men's clubs, as he calls them, but they are just strip joints. Two of them are in our hometown and one is in a city nearby. My mother doesn't like that at all about him, but dad says that Ronnie is his brother and it's none of our business what he does for a living. 

Now Uncle Ronnie is attractive, I suppose, I honestly never really look at men that way. He resembles my father in face and physique, tall, rugged, manly, in good shape, and exudes confidence, or cockiness. He's about 6'2"s tall, has dark hair, a chiseled jaw and always has lots of hot girlfriends from the club, which I'm sure his money helps get them. Still, he's kind of an asshole, really arrogant and outspoken.

He seems to always be bragging about his newest girlfriend, his boat, his latest car or how much money his business makes. Kind of like that makes up for having no family, so yea, for real, I felt like it is all said in his defense because he is jealous of what my father has.

Now Uncle Ronnie, is the black sheep of the family. As I said, he owns some very popular local men's clubs and is constantly bringing over a new and different "female friend" to all our family social events. Seems he is always around the house, I guess his girlfriends can't make a home cooked meal like my mother. Christmas, Thanksgiving, birthdays, anniversaries, Uncle Ronnie always shows up with a new hottie dressed with half her ass crack exposed or tons of cleavage showing. My mother hates it, but my dad tells her not to say a thing.

One day I came home from school and found the house deserted. All my brothers were out of the house and my parents were both at work. The perfect opportunity to lock my door and have a good quiet undisturbed jack off session. I went to my room and found some really hot porno and settled in on my bed to rub one out.

With my 4 inch rock hard boner in my hand, I was really working my cock to a good cum when my bedroom door suddenly opened. In my rush to jack off, I stupidly forgot to lock it, and Uncle Ronnie just walked in. I froze like a deer in the headlights as he just stood there looking at me. 

While I laid there motionless, dick in my hand, not sure what to do, he reached into his pants pocket, took out his cell phone and snapped a few pictures of me naked laying in my bed. I scrambled to cover myself then, but it was too late, he already had the phone back in his pocket with my pictures on it.

"Hey nephew, what's going here, a little jerk off session?" he smirked. "You having a good time?"

I was totally stunned, with the covers pulled over my waist, I couldn't move. I finally came back to my senses, my face red with embarrassment as he walked over to the bed.

"What's the matter Nick?" I asked you a question. "Are you enjoying yourself?" 

I couldn't even speak, I was so scared and embarrassed, I just sat there avoiding his glare, while my cock wilted.

The next thing he did totally surprised me, now, standing by the edge of my bed, Uncle Ronnie boldly unzipped his slacks and pulled out his cock. He just whipped it out, right in front of me. It was the first real live erect cock I had ever seen in my life. It seemed fascinatingly enormous to me, probably 7, maybe 7 ½ inches long, fat, veiny, incredibly rock hard and circumcised.

"Come on Nicky, your favorite uncle needs a good cum too, come sit up and suck my cock for me." he said sarcastically. "Do a good job and I won't show these pictures to your Dad, cause we both know it would just break his poor heart."

I was so scared of what these pictures would do to my dad if he ever saw them. How they would hurt or embarrass him, how they would humiliate me and humiliate him, how it would be a family disaster. I knew they would disappoint him, possibly causing a disruption of his parental support of me, so without a second thought, I felt I had to be obedient as Uncle Ronnie directed.

Uncle Ronnie just smiled, grabbed my arm and pulled me up to the edge of the bed with my feet now on the floor. Now in a sitting position, with him moving in closer to me, he maneuvered his feet til he was standing between my knees. His big cock was pointing directly at my mouth as he placed both his hands on the sides of my face, steadying my face in position as he pressed forward til the tip of his cock touched my lips.

His cock head was enormous, fat and plump. It looked so perfect, like a big mushroom tip, it looked so masculine and healthy. The heat radiated off of it as he inched forward and it made contact with my soft pouty lips. I couldn't turn my head or look away.

"Open up nephew, come suck on your favorite uncle's cock real good for me and I will feed you something tasty. You do a really good job and I promise I won't show these pics to your dad, come on son, take care of this for me." Uncle Ronnie coyly taunted me. 

That "favorite uncle" thing, that was a joke for sure, cause Uncle Ronnie was my only uncle and he knew I didn't consider him my favorite anything.

Looking back, I'm not sure what motivated me the most to open my mouth and let him put it in. Yes, I was scared to death of him showing the pictures to my dad, but as I think back on it now, I really was hypnotized with a desire to touch and suck his big cock. 

So, I tentatively opened my lips and just let him poke the head of his erection in my mouth. It was strong and steel like, a total man's cock, fully engorged with blood pumping to it. A deep hunger washed over me as my lips enveloped the tip of his cock. It was so erotic to me that the shaft and head of his cock was so big, and so hard, but was also silky and spongy at the same time. Within seconds, I was totally lost in a strange intoxication to service and please my uncle.

I didn't need to be persuaded or verbally blackmailed anymore. I eagerly embraced the opportunity to service his hard cock. I wanted to do this. Pleasing this majestic virile piece of my uncle's flesh was my sole purpose in life at this moment. I felt like it was my finally discovered goal in life, to pay homage in a most passionate and respectful manner to his monstrous cock.

Uncle Ronnie just groaned as I nursed and sucked on the tip of his swollen pole. I needed no guidance and he gave none. The room was eerily silent for a while except for the noise of me slurping on the tip of his cock. It was obvious in seconds that I was a willing participant in this and Uncle Ronnie was more than happy to let me satisfy my passion.

"Damn boy, you're a bona fide blow job queen. You love this don't you?" Uncle Ronnie taunted me.

I didn't care what he said, but it kind of turned me on in a strange way. To be verbally confronted like that. It's not like a had a choice, but to be honest, I was really loving it. I wanted to suck his big cock and I wanted to satisfy him and make him cum. His big cock had a strange power over me, it totally fascinated me.

His cock head was absolutely delicious and I loved the way it felt in my mouth. A big hard muscle of a cock that was mine was to explore. I was completely lost and mesmerized sucking on it til he laughingly spoke again.

"Suck it deeper nephew, if you're gonna be a cocksucker, then I'm gonna teach you to be a great cocksucker. You got the desire, that's for sure, you just need to learn some more technique, but don't worry, I'm just the guy to teach you and we have plenty of time to work on that. You really need to learn to take the whole thing to the root, that's the difference between a good cocksucker and a great cocksucker." 

Thinking back on all the porno I watched of women sucking cocks, I could not ever once remember seeing a movie with a girl sucking a cock down to the root. No way, especially one as big as Uncle Ronnie's. Still, I knew that I had to go a lot deeper, I wanted to go a lot deeper, I needed to go a lot deeper. Even though I knew I could never force his big swollen shaft down my throat, I wanted to try.

I slid my mouth down a few more inches, til I felt the tip of his cock head just touching my throat. I knew if I went any further it would cause me to gag. Uncle Ronnie still had at least 4 thick inches left for me to swallow that I had not even gotten my wet lips on yet. I held my hot greedy little mouth clamped onto his shaft while the head was lodged near my throat. I ran my tongue softly under and around the head, just kind of lovingly polishing it with the flat of my tongue. Whenever I concentrated on the area of his shaft, right under the head of his cock, Uncle Ronnie really groaned encouragingly, so I would repeat that often.

I continued this for at least 5 minutes until he unexpectedly pushed forward into my mouth. I felt my first gag as his big blunt cock head tried to enter my throat canal and yanked my head back and away quickly.

"That's okay son, but you're gonna have to learn to gag and control you gags before you can take it all the way down your throat. I'm gonna remove my hands from your face and let you control the depth for a bit. Take your time and try to go deeper." Uncle Ronnie instructed me.

I kind of missed his hands on my face, the security and warmth of his strong masculine grip holding my head and mouth in place as he let me feed on his cock. Feeling that I was submissive to his being in charge and was being forced to do this made it a little easier for me to deal with. 

Now with his hands resting on his hips, I welcomed that I controlled the depth and speed. I wanted to do more and got bolder, so taking his cock from my mouth, I started licking up and down the entire length of his engorged fat cock, slobbering drool all over the steely shaft. I licked all the way down his shaft, from the tip of his cock to the zipper of his slacks.

"Hell yea, you go girl, worship that cock like a starving little cocksucker." Uncle Ronnie groaned. "Don't get your drool all over my slacks, lets swap positions."

Uncle Ronnie's strong hands under my armpits lifted me up off the bed into a standing position right in front of him. It was at that moment that I noticed my stiff 4" erection was as hard as it's ever been and dripping pre cum out the tip. It looked silly standing next to Uncle Ronnie's huge fat cock.

As Uncle Ronnie took off his shoes, undid his belt, then slid his slacks, shirt and underwear off, I got a whole new perspective of his cock. He looked really sexy completely naked and his cock was way bigger than I originally though. It was absolutely positively enormous as it poked straight out from his body at a 90 degree angle. Totally naked now and more visible out the hidden confines of his clothes, it was more like 8 or 9 inches long. Hard and majestic, strong like a metal rod, I grabbed it with my hands.

"No, no, no Nicky, a great cocksucker doesn't use their hands, just their mouth, tongue and throat, you'll learn." Uncle Ronnie coached me.

He then sat on the bed where I had been sitting and he reached up putting his hands on my shoulders and with a little downward pressure, leveraged me to kneel submissively between his legs in front of him. As I knelt on the floor by the edge of the bed, for the first time I noticed, his cock and balls were completely shaved. They looked totally masculine, yet pretty in a way also, very clean looking.

Uncle Ronnie sat upright on the edge of the bed while I knelt patiently until he finally said, "What are you waiting for, get back to work, never leave a hard cock unattended from your mouth that long, never."

I dove back in, ravenously gobbling his cock down as far as I could. I slurped and slobbered all over it, purposely leaving it coated in my saliva. I closed my eyes and basked in my efforts, performing a labor of love on this perfect piece of flesh. Forcing my head down deep now, I purposely tested how far I could go. I was desperate to please his cock and started concentrating on his comment about taking it to the root. I wanted to be a great cock sucker for him.

I gagged at first, but after a few attempts I could get his spongy blunt cock head to touch and even enter the opening of my throat without choking on it. I kept trying to force it to enter deeper into my throat, but had to back off at least a dozen times. I gagged and retched, but was determined to give it my best effort. I kept forcing my throat down on it til finally, wham, it popped in and went straight down my throat. I surprised myself, but my throat was packed full and tight with his cock and I sputtered just a little adjusting to it. I then gagged hard, but fought through it and slowly backed up on it til only a few inches were left outside my mouth. I was pleased with myself.

"Good boy, or should I say good girl." Uncle Ronnie laughed, "You're swallowing up some cock there. Come on baby girl, gulp your favorite uncle's cock all the way down to the root, you can do it."

At that moment, I was actually beaming with pride on the inside. I was so proud that Uncle Ronnie had for the first time in his life given me a compliment. I reached down and started to rub my hard cock, but Uncle Ronnie stopped that immediately.

He grabbed me by the chin and looked directly into my eyes and said, "No girl, don't touch yourself. Any girl that wants to be a great cocksucker never thinks of herself first, the cock always comes first, you give it 100% of your attention, you can rub your tiny clitty all you need after you finish the with the cock. You understand?"

I did, I understood, I nodded my head, he was right, a great cocksucker is unselfish and should always think about the cock's needs, not hers. I neglected my needs and re-doubled my efforts of concentrating on his cock.

With a little confidence now, I assaulted my throat onto his cock all the way down til I hit the root. It took a few times, a lot of effort and some hard gagging, but I took his cock to the root several times in succession. This trophy was mine, I wanted it all and I wanted to prove I was a great cocksucker. 

"Ooooooooh you little bitch, God damn you can gobble up some cock, I knew you wanted it all but wasn't sure you could do it without me fucking your face. Now, do that twenty times in a row to get your confidence up that you know you can do it at will." he coached me.

I went back down on his cock, to the root, smashing my lips into his shaved groin, gagging and retching on every down stroke, but not stopping. I slobbered and drooled like a little baby for 20 consecutive deep throat swallows, and found out about halfway through, that I wasn't gagging anymore. I had mastered forcing his thick cock into my tight throat.

"That's my girl, you were born for this, I have never seen anyone deep throat me so quickly, it takes some girls weeks or months to master it, while some never can, you're an absolute pro." Uncle Ronnie groaned which made me beam with pleasure. "Give me another 20 deep throats, no gagging at all this time."

Filled with pride at my accomplishments, I happily continued my work on his cock. I went back down on his cock and repeated the 20 throat fucks he wanted, but this time, without even the slightest of a gag.

"Now the balls, a good cocksucker never neglects a man's balls, this is important so now, get to slobbering on my nuts. Make them really wet, drench them in slobber and drool." Uncle Ronnie coached me.

Leaning back on his elbows, his golf ball sized nuts were now held tight in his smooth shaved nut sack, separated individually, but both very prominent and easy to see. They looked like 2 small eggs in a bag, perfect swollen orbs that beckoned my attention. I took his left nut into my mouth so softly, so gently, coating it in my slobber as I expertly slurped on it, rolling it around on my tongue. I did this for about 20 seconds and went to the right one.

Uncle Ronnie grabbed my face again and said, "Remember what I taught you? Never, ever leave a hard cock unattended for long. Suck on one nut for about 10 seconds, very gently like you just did, using a lot of tongue and drool. You can never have too much slobber. Then run the flat of your very wet slobbery tongue up the underside of the entire shaft til you reach the tip. Suckle and nurse on the tip for a bit, give it one slow steady throat fuck and repeat the process again and again and again alternating on the nuts."
