 Mark glided down the sidewalk towards my house as I hoisted the final bag of mulch onto my shoulder. He had long strides, a fluid gait and a brisk pace. His chiseled bronze chest and washboard glistened with a lather of sweat.

"Hey how are ya doing?" I asked with a nod.

"Good, you?" He replied with a bright, million watt smile. He slowed his pace. "I need to ask you a car question. Do you mind if I stop back after my run?"

"Of course not," I replied quickly. My interest in and knowledge of cars was well known in the neighborhood. I'd recently finished one restoration project with my son and I had a new one waiting in the third bay of my garage. "I'll be doing yard work all day. Stop by any time."

"Great. See ya soon." His pace quickened and I watched him run for a moment before resuming my yard work. He was a very attractive man and a frequent topic of conversation among my wife and her friends. They called him "the runner" and they all sang his praises. They talked about trying to set him up with Emma, the one recently divorced girl in the group. I didn't have the heart to tell them that they were barking up the wrong tree.

Mark and I weren't close but we had spoken in passing a few times and I was fairly certain that he was gay. He dressed well and kept himself in fantastic shape. In addition to his daily runs I'd seen him lifting at the gym countless times. He was in his mid thirties and single. He had worked in law enforcement for a few years since transitioning out of the Navy and he still wore his hair high and tight. He didn't sound or talk effeminate but he definitely made my gaydar ping.

I was seated in a chair on my front porch, taking a break and drinking a beer when Mark returned. He'd put a shirt on but was still wearing his mesh running shorts and his brown hair was soaked with sweat.

"How was your run?" I asked as I walked down my front steps and extended my hand.

"It was great. I'm running in the Marine Corp Marathon in the fall and I'm trying to get my times down under 3 hours," he replied with a smile.

"I've never run more than 5 miles at a time but that sounds fast. Under 7 minute miles for 26 miles, I'm impressed. You're training so I don't suppose you'd like a beer?"

"Actually I'd love one," he nodded. His blue eyes seemed to linger on mine for a few moments and a slight shiver ran down my spine. 

"Great I've got some in the fridge out back," I said as I walked towards the gate on my 6' privacy fence. Mark followed and I let him into my secluded back yard.

"Wow, this is nice, a pool and a hot tub. Sweet. No neighbors in back and the fence blocks out the side. You've got total privacy."

"I do," I said with a wry grin as I reached into the small fridge I'd installed as part of an outdoor kitchen a few years earlier and grabbed him a Leinenkugel Summer Shandy.

"Thanks," he said, taking a long pull from the bottle of beer. "Do you get much use out of the hot tub?"

"Oh yeah. I'm in there a few times a week," I replied taking a seat around the fire pit. Mark sat down opposite me and I discretely noticed the outline of his dick through his shorts. "You can use it anytime if you want. It's great to get rid of aches and pains. I use it to recover from hockey and gym."

"I might take you up on that," he said looking into my eyes. The sun had disappeared behind the house and I'd taken my sunglasses off as we talked. 

For the next half hour Mark asked me several questions about the cars I had restored and my next project. He asked about the check engine light in his Ford F150 and I offered to scan the codes when we were done. We both finished a second beer and we were making small talk when he caught me glancing furtively at his crotch. His smile widened and he looked deadly serious.

"I saw that," he nodded and my cheeks warmed with embarrassment. I'd been married for twenty years and I was, for the most part, straight but in college I'd experimented briefly with bisexuality. Over the years I'd fantasized often about gay and bisex and I sometimes watched gay and bisexual porn when I jerked off but I hadn't touched another man sexually in twenty five years. 

"Sorry," I said meekly. I felt like a child caught with my hand in the proverbial cookie jar and my pulse quickened.

"It's okay," he said in a soft soothing tone. "I'll show it to you for a dollar." It sounded like a joke but his expression was completely serious. 

"I don't have my wallet," I joked, trying to diffuse the uncomfortable situation with humor but he didn't crack.

"That's okay. You can owe me. I know you want to see it. You've been checking it out all afternoon." Hey rose to his feet and hooked his thumbs into the elastic waistband of his shorts.

My eyes widened and a lump formed in my shorts. I felt a familiar tingling between my legs and my mouth felt parched.

"Is it a deal?" He continued. His voice was deep and had a stern, commanding tone and I nodded slowly. It was surreal, like a vivid dream and I lowered my eyes from his to the crotch of his shorts.

"Is it a deal?"

"Yes it's a deal," I replied, entering into a verbal contract for $1 to see his cock.

He nodded and then pulled his thumbs out of his waistband. He lifted his shirt over his head and then reached down and dropped his shorts to the ground. As I expected he wasn't wearing any underwear and his slightly engorged cock sprung free.

"Nice huh?" He said with a knowing smile. He grabbed his circumcised, semi erect dick and waved it from side to side. It looked huge and heavy and I couldn't look away. It wasn't hard yet but it looked to be at least 7" long and thick enough that his fingers barely circled it. 

My heart thumped in my chest and I ran my tongue around my lips, slowly wetting them as I stared with unwavering desire. I hadn't looked at another man's naked body in person in over two decades and my head was spinning.

"Come closer," he ordered and I rose to my feet in a daze. 

"No," he barked firmly, "on your knees. Crawl like a dog."

My knees buckled and I acquiesced to his command. The hard pavers felt brutal on my knees as I crawled 8 feet across my patio. His cock swelled becoming more turgid and it grew another inch before I was at his feet. My wife was out for the day with her friends and both my kids were away at college. I was alone with no obligations for the evening and we were hidden from view by the high fences surrounding my back yard.

"You owe me," he said in a calm soothing tone. "You can pay off your debt by sucking my dick. Okay?"

"Yes," I sighed. My lips parted instinctively and my hand moved to his hard, athletic body. The musky scent of him wafted over me and I inhaled sharply, drawing it into my lungs. I ran my hands over his taut abs and up to his firm pecs as I gazed up at him with hungry eyes. I felt ravenous and wanton.

An intense wave of desire washed over me and my fingers tweaked his hard nipples before sliding down his shaved torso towards his still growing cock. I cupped and caressed his big smooth balls with one hand while the other grasped his nearly erect dick. It felt substantial and heavy and I wanted it badly.

I looked up into his eyes and kissed his tumescent shaft tasting his salty, sweaty essence. A low moan rose from my chest and I licked the underside of his shaft from his balls to the bulbous tip.

My mouth opened wide and I curled my lips over my teeth before easing him inside it. The briny flavor of precum tickled my tongue and I sucked hard drawing it into my mouth like cream through a straw. My head bobbed and copious amounts of saliva spilled from the corners of my mouth, slathering his cock and balls. I'd heard once while watching a gay blow job video that the key to a great blow job was sloppy passion and I took it to heart.

I drooled and spit on his shaft coating it liberally. My hand stroked him slowly. I sucked and licked the smooth spongy tip. My eyes closed and I opened my throat forcing his shaft deep until I choked and gagged.

Tears streamed down my cheeks and I held him deep. I had on occasion secretly practiced sucking my wife's dildos and vibrators when jerking off and I was fairly adept at deep throating despite my lack of real cock experience.

Mark grabbed my head and forced his cock even deeper. His neatly trimmed curly pubes tickled my nose and I groaned wantonly when he released his grip, allowing me to come up for air.

"You've done this before," he said playfully.

"Long ago," I chuckled. "In college. I guess its like riding a bike." I slid my parted lips along the length of his shaft and then took him back into my mouth. 

My head bobbed and I took him deeper with each stroke. His hands gripped the sides of my head and his hips began to thrust hard and fast. His big balls slapped against my chin. Gobs of thick, viscous mucus poured from my mouth and I choked and gagged each time his big dick pounded the back of my throat. 

His hips thrust harder and he began to breath deep and steady. His legs trembled under my roaming fingertips. He held my head steady and forced the length of his prodigious manhood into my throat. 

"Here's your reward," he grunted loudly. His hot cream pumped from his heavy balls and I swallowed furiously, letting his seed slide down my gullet. It had been 25 years since I'd tasted another man's sperm and a flood of memories filled my spinning head. 

My cock throbbed inside my shorts and I ached to pull it out. I wanted to cum so badly it hurt but I was under his spell and his control.

"Did you like that?" He asked and I knelt obediently at his feet and caressed his flaccid cock and balls. The taste of his cum lingered on my lips and I looked up at him with lust filled eyes.

"I did. I knew you were gay," I smiled. My fingers teased my hard cock through my shorts and I took his spent dick back into my mouth.

"I'm not gay," Mark replied. "I'm more of a hedonist. I have sex with men and women but I always top. In fact I have hooked up with a few of your wife's friends."

"Really, who?" I asked eagerly as I continued to suckle and tease his soft dick, trying to coax it back to life.

"I don't kiss and tell but lets say you'd be surprised how easily some of the married women in this neighborhood drop their panties. I could probably get your wife into bed almost as easily as I got you," he replied with a wry grin. He was much sexier with a smile but I did enjoy his terse, dominant side as well.

"You think?" My wife had always insisted that she was a one man woman and she rarely even looked at another man. Despite her protests I had often fantasized about watching her with another man and having threesomes with both men and women.

"I know I could. That excites you doesn't it?"

"Yes," I answered sheepishly. His cock had started to stir and I began to slobber on it bringing it back to a gloriously rigid state.

"I'll fuck her," he said confidently, "but first let's take care of you. Take off your clothes."

I quickly stripped and then he bent me over my hot tub. He spat into his palm and smeared it over his cock. My ass was no stranger to penetration and I groaned as he plunged a finger, and then two, into my asshole.

Mark pumped several fingers into my ass, stretching my sphincter and preparing it for his big slippery cock. He drizzled more saliva into my ass crack and then rubbed the smooth wet tip of his cock across my gaping asshole.

"Are you ready?" He asked calmly.

"Yes," I answered softly. I relaxed my sphincter and he grabbed my hips firmly. He drool more spit onto his cock and my asshole and then eased himself into the deep dark depths of my bowels. 

Pain tore through me and I groaned in agony. My wife's dildos weren't as thick as his cock and I'd never had anything that thick inside me. It hurt like hell but I powered through it and soon he was balls deep inside me. 

Mark spit onto my asshole, adding lube as he backed slowly out until just the head was inside me. He thrust hard and I grunted like a wounded animal.

I groaned long and deep while he pulled back and then grunted again when he thrust deep. He continued to add saliva and he found a smooth, steady rhythm. His body slapped gently against my ass and I reached down, grabbing hold of my pulsating dick. 

His pace quickened and my climax built. Sweat dripped from my brow onto the hot tub cover and my legs began to tremble. I approached the point of no return and his cock grew bigger and harder. 

I erupted violently onto the side of my hot tub as he continued to fuck me hard. My eyes rolled back and a groan rose from my chest. It was raw and guttural and it didn't sound human. 

His hips slammed hard against my ass and his breathing labored. He groaned loud and deep as he pulled his dick from my asshole and flogged it until he pumped ribbons of hot cream onto the small of my back and into the crack of my ass.

I slumped forward and breathed deep as I recovered from the ferocity of my climax. In the aftermath of my orgasm I felt guilty and slightly ashamed of what we'd done. I looked back over my shoulder and, strangely, my guilt disappeared. 

"You want me to fuck her don't you?" He grinned. "You want to watch and maybe join in while I have sex with your wife."

"Kinda, yeah."

"Invite me over for dinner next week," she said as he pulled his shorts up, hiding his big dick from my still hungry eyes. 

"Okay," I replied as I tried to reconcile what we'd just done and what he was planning on doing in another week. I wasn't sure I could go through with it but we would see.