 This story deals with the topics of gay sex and incest, mostly suited for a long jack off story, with a lot of emphasis and detail on the sex. I chose the gay sex category, if it offends you, please avoid it, if there is any interest in it, let me know, I would like to do another sequel if there is any support...

*****

After my encounter with Uncle Ronnie, all I could think about was sucking his cock again. It dominated my thought process daily. It aroused me in my masturbation sessions like I have never been so aroused in my life. I thought of his cock all day and dreamt of his cock all night. 

For my jack off sessions, I now found myself looking at gay porn mostly, and if I did look at heterosexual porn, I would always pick a clip where the guy had a huge cock and was getting a blowjob or fucking the actress in the ass.

All I could think about was Uncle Ronnie's cock and me on my knees worshipping it. I Googled "big cocks" and tried to find pictures of some that were similar to his. These I downloaded and used as masturbation material.

I was actually masturbating more than usual and his cock was the theme of all my fantasies.

Three days later I was sitting around the house, nobody home but me, when the phone rang.

I answered it in my usual phone greeting, "Anderson residence, Nicholas speaking."

"Hey you, this is your favorite Uncle Ronnie, and there is no Nicholas at this address, did you mean Nicole speaking?"

When he said that, I felt my face flush as the blood rushed to my head in embarrassment. 

I'm gonna be honest, when he called me Nicole, my face wasn't the only thing that blood rushed to. I could feel my little cock start to swell up immediately.

"Hello Uncle Ronnie, I'm sorry, yes this is Nicole, your favorite niece." I replied in my softest, sexiest, most seductive female voice.

"Very good Nicole and how is my little niece doing today? Have you missed me, have you been thinking about me?" Uncle Ronnie teased me.

Maybe he thought he was being cruel, or taunting me in the way that only Uncle Ronnie could do, but if anything, it was making me extremely horny, as my cock was completely hard now.

"I may have thought of you, only once or twice." I lied.

"Nicole, are you home alone, is anybody there?" Uncle Ronnie said in a way that I knew what he wanted.

"Yes Uncle Ronnie, your niece is all alone and bored, I have nothing to do. I'm a bit lonesome. Do you have any ideas of something for me to do?" 

"Would you like some company? I'm about 3 or 4 blocks from your house." he replied in a sexy voice.

Knowing we were taking a chance, but me being so horny, I couldn't stop myself from saying no, all I could say was, "yes please Uncle Ronnie, I would love to entertain you."

"Well Nicole, I'm walking up your walkway, open the front door and let me in girl." he said as the phone went dead.

By the time I opened the front door, Uncle Ronnie was already standing there with a sexy grin on his face. 

"Lets get you where you belong, on your knees Nicole, we got time before your parents get home from work." Uncle Ronnie said as he took charge and ushered me to my bedroom.

Once inside, he locked the door and boldly unzipped his pants, pulling out his already hard cock and just stood there looking at me anxiously. It looked so hot, completely erect and sticking straight out. I dropped to my knees immediately and started slobbering all over the head, remembering my lessons well.

I was in heaven, completely lost in my fantasy now that it was actually happening again. I began to nurse on his cock slowly, trying to tease and please him, but mostly just happy to have his cock in my mouth. Nibbling on the head very gently with my teeth, then taking 3 or 4 inches into my warm willing mouth and massaging the sensitive underside softly with my tongue, Uncle Ronnie just stood there and groaned.

This was my calling in life, to service and worship a hard cock. I never felt so excited or so at peace with myself as when I paid homage to his hard cock.

I closed my eyes and just basked in the feeling. I felt such a need to please his cock that there seemed like nothing else in the world that existed at that moment.

I don't think I had been on my knees for more than 2 minutes when we both heard a car door slam shut in the driveway.

I scrambled across the floor on my knees in a panic to my window and peeked through the blinds, totally freaking out. My mother had just pulled up and was home an hour earlier than usual.

I was in a total panic as Uncle Ronnie calmly just put his hard cock back into his slacks, pulled his zipper up and unlocked, then opened my bedroom door.

As the front door slammed shut we heard my mother call out, "Nicholas, are you home?"

"Yea mom, I'm in my room." I managed to squeak out, my voice quivering and failing me.

My mom entered my room with a sack of groceries in her arms and you could immediately see the disdain on her face when she saw Uncle Ronnie. 

"Hello Ronnie." my mother seemed to force out somewhat coldly. "I thought that was your truck on the curb, what are you doing here in the middle of the day?"

"Hi Cindy, I was just in the neighborhood and thought I 

would stop by." Uncle Ronnie replied, as cool as a cucumber.

Still flipping out about almost getting caught, I noticed Uncle Ronnie's hard cock bulge was pretty prominent in his slacks, but my mother didn't seem to notice. 

"Nicholas, the office shut down early today and I stopped at the market to get dinner, which I need to get started on right now. So if you two will excuse me."

Stopping before exiting, "Ronnie, did you want to join us for dinner?" mom almost begrudgingly, but still politely asked before she left the room.

"No, but thank you Cindy, I have a very urgent matter that needs attending to, so I need get it taken care of."

Once my mom had exited the room, Uncle Ronnie walked up to me and gently gripped my chin and said quietly, "Wipe your face girl, you got my cock slobber all over your chin. Tell your mom you're gonna ride your bike for a while and meet me at the Valero gas station on Broadway in 10 minutes.

As instructed, I made it to the Valero, in record time. I was so nervous, yet anxious to get back to Uncle Ronnie's cock, that I quickly rode the 8 blocks in less than 3 minutes.

When I pulled into the station, Uncle Ronnie was already waiting for me in his big white truck. I parked my bike next to his truck and he got out and threw it in the back.

"Where are we going I asked, my mom said to be back at 7PM sharp for dinner?" 

"Well, somebody seems awful anxious to suck on my cock." Uncle Ronnie laughed. "We're going to my club, it's about 5 minutes from here, so just calm down Nicole, you will be back in plenty of time." 

Uncle Ronnie got a phone call right then, and I sat in silence as he did some business on the phone. When we arrived at his club, it dawned on me. "Uncle Ronnie, I can't go in there, I'm only 18 years old."

"Nicole, calm down, I know your just dying inside to suck on my cock again?" he taunted me. "Don't worry so much, we're going in the back door anyway, nobody will see you. Trust me."

It was about 5PM and there were quite a few cars there. I had never been inside as my parents would kill me if I ever tried, but was anxious to see the inside.

We parked in the back of the building and Uncle Ronnie unlocked the door of the building to enter. It opened to a long hallway with doors on both sides, most closed, but one open. Very nice, very clean, very modern, I was impressed.

Uncle Ronnie told me to just stand by the exit for a minute and he would be back for me. He walked down the hallway and entered the only office with an open door. In hushed tones, I heard him talking to someone that had a soft voice, I heard some giggling, but I couldn't tell if it was a man or woman.

He exited the office with someone, but I didn't get a look at their face, and still couldn't tell if it was a man or a woman. By the way they swished their ass down the hall in those tight office slacks I was pretty sure it was a woman.

They turned the corner and disappeared, then a minute later, Uncle Ronnie alone, came back for me.

"Come on Nicole, the coast is clear." he laughed.

We walked down the hallway and turned the corner, stopping at a closed door that said "Office". When we entered, Uncle Ronnie didn't turn on the lights, but I could see a little bit from the small amount of light coming through the shades.

He took my hand and led me to this huge really fancy wooden desk. He sat behind it in a big leather chair while he guided me to stand directly in front of him.

"Get undressed Nicole, it's time for you to suck some cock." Uncle Ronnie said as he started removing his clothes, laying them neatly on the desk.

Uncle Ronnie's had a very manly body, very toned, no fat and nice muscles. Seeing him like this, he actually looked a lot better than I originally thought. His cock was semi hard as he sat in the chair waiting for me to finish undressing. I just dropped my clothes in a pile on the floor. Once I was completely naked, my cock was rock hard, then I dropped to my knees between his legs.

"Take your time girl, but do a good job, come on now, get to work." Uncle Ronnie instructed me.

I fell right into it, away from my parent's house, my passion exploded. At first, I tried to suck his smooth shaved balls into my mouth, both at once, but quickly found out they were too large. So I settled on just one at a time and nursed on it while I watched his cock starting to pump up full with blood and begin to stand erect.

I slobbered all over it, just coating it in saliva as his cock now stood at full attention, waiting it's turn. I gently slurped his other ball into my mouth and gave it the same attention I had given the first one. Uncle Ronnie just moaned as I dutifully worshipped his balls. 

My uncle's cock was 100% erect now and some clear precum was drooling out of the head and down his shaft. I wanted to taste it so I released his slobbery ball from my mouth and slurped up his shaft with the flat of my tongue. Starting at the bottom til I reached the nectar seeping from his head. When I finally got to his precum, I noticed it was really slippery and had a taste that was very pleasant.

I couldn't wait any longer and ground my hungry mouth down his steely shaft, maybe inhaling 4 inches. I so wanted to suck him off. I plunged my mouth down again, this time taking it til it barely breeched my throat, and I didn't gag a bit on it. 

"Yea, Nicky, suck that cock down, come on you hungry little bitch, take it to the root for me." Uncle Ronnie groaned.

The third stroke down with my mouth, found my lips ground hard onto his pelvis and his hard cock deep and snugly down my throat. My throat welcomed his shaft and I loved the feeling of being able to consume his entire cock. It made me proud that I could do this. Controlling my gag reflex, I just held him deep in my mouth for a few seconds as he looked on.

"Oooooh my God, Mr. Anderson, he is a natural, better than you said." a feminine voice said from behind me.

I totally freaked out. Pulling my head off his cock, I tried to jump up, to see who was in the room watching us, but Uncle Ronnie held me in my kneeling position, forcing me to stay in place with his hands firmly on my shoulders. I managed to turn my head enough, that even in the dark room, I could see the person that he took down the hallway sitting in a chair in the corner of the room, just watching us.

"Yes Samantha, my niece can suck a cock like a slut. Pretty impressive huh?" Uncle Ronnie replied to her. "Now Nicky, quit squirming around and get back to my cock. Samantha is just here to watch and see if you have the right stuff to be the person we are looking for."

I was petrified, totally shocked that Uncle Ronnie had shared our secret with someone. I didn't know what to do as I was still held firmly in his grasp, until he moved his hands to the back of my head and forcibly lowered my mouth back onto his cock.

I took him back into my mouth and tentatively started nursing on his cock again. His cock actually seemed even harder with him knowing I had an audience, if that could be possible. Samantha had now moved in for a closer look. As she knelt on the floor next to me, I couldn't believe how pretty she was. 

Blonde hair, stunning brown doe eyes, a pert sleek model's nose, the plumpest fullest lips I have ever seen and she smelt so good. She was so pretty, it was actually turning me on with her watching. She moved her face in closer, actually within a foot of Uncle Ronnie's cock in my mouth, as she scrutinized my technique and passion. 

"Mr. Anderson, if you want my seal of approval, this little cock slut has the job. May I?" Samantha almost pleaded as she seemed to be asking permission to join in.

"Absolutely Samantha, how else would you know 100% if Nicole can handle the job. Get undressed and then sit right here in my chair. Ladies first." he laughed like he made some great joke.

Samantha moved out of my line of vision, standing behind me, I could sense her disrobing. While I sucked on Uncle Ronnie's cock, she now knelt down again by my side. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see she had small breasts, but perky and with very sexy thick brown erect nipples. She still had not removed her panties, and as I continued sucking, she stroked my face softly with her hand and watched, sometimes pressing her hands firmly on the back of my head and forcing my lips deep to his root. She seemed to be trying to make me gag, but I didn't.

"Wow girl, you are good, really good. So Nicole, I'm gonna ask you a question and I want the truth, don't lie to me. Do you like your uncle's cock?" to which I nodded my head yes with it still in my mouth.

"Dumb question I guess, that's pretty obvious to everyone in this room. So, would you like to suck more cocks, lots of them, some bigger, some smaller, not just your uncle's cock, but lots of different ones and get paid to do it?" Samantha asked me.

Without thinking, again, I nodded my head yes while I still sucked on Uncle Ronnie's cock.

"Oooooh my, Mr. Anderson, you certainly picked a winner, so Nicole, just one more question. Would you like to suck mine?" Samantha asked.

I didn't understand the question and thinking I heard her wrong, I did not reply.

With that, Uncle Ronnie sat up from his big leather chair, pulling his cock out of my mouth and Samantha moved into his spot, but in a standing position in front of me. Uncle Ronnie offered her the chair with a hand gesture, but before she sat down, she pulled down her lacy panties, a very large totally erect pink cock sprung out and upwards. Bouncing up and down a few times before it stood up directly in front of my face, I was mesmerized.

It was an absolute very attractive and desirable cock, making my mouth water. Maybe 7 inches long, circumcised and thick, with completely smooth shaved balls, but with a tiny little manicured heart shaped landing strip of hair left directly centered above the root on her cock. It was drooling too, precum had coated the tip and a drip of it hung suspended in mid air 3 or 4 inches dangling off the tip. As she sat down in the chair, I eagerly lowered my lips to the wet tip, I needed to taste it.

Samantha groaned as my lips made contact. She purred as I slurped the tip of her cock into my hot wet mouth. She was so pretty, so sexy, I couldn't believe she was a man. I sucked on her softly and slowly as her groans of encouragement made me want to please her even more. I lovingly adored her cock with my tongue, lips and mouth, slowly working here deeper and deeper til I swallowed her cock all the way. Samantha just moaned and stroked my face as I was in heaven worshipping her cock. 

"Mr. Anderson, Nicole is very talented and she is super cute, I can work with her easily, I can make her absolutely sexy and beautiful with no problem." Samantha managed to utter as she was in the throes of passion.

"Well, Sammy, just one more test and we will know for sure." Uncle Ronnie said as he now knelt behind me.

Uncle Ronnie slowly stroked the cheeks of my ass with his hands, very softly, almost massaging them as he kneaded my supple flesh of my plump butt. He would scrape and drag his fingernails a little roughly on my butt cheeks, and occasionally pinch spots on my cheeks til I felt a twinge of pain and flinched. Not hard enough to hurt, but they would make me squirm a little, it actually felt good.

I felt Uncle Ronnie's index finger now at the tip of my asshole. It was surprisingly already lubricated as he tickled the edges of my butt hole and made it twitch to his manipulations. He would insert it up to the first knuckle and twist it around a little bit, then withdraw it. It felt so good as he itched and scratched my tender sphincter and asshole with his finger and fingernail, making it dilate and then close again. All of the billions of nerve endings in my sphincter were firing in rapid succession.

I groaned on Samantha's cock as Uncle Ronnie teased and toyed with my asshole. It was driving me crazy and I soon realized that I was trying to back up more onto his finger. I wanted it deeper and wriggled my ass from side to side to get more, but he just pulled back and teased me with his stiff finger while I slobbered all over Samantha's cock. I felt like a slut willingly and shamelessly pushing my ass back to him, but I didn't care, I needed more.

After a few minutes I felt him using two fingers and trying to pry them into my tight ass. This drove me crazy as I relaxed and pushed back onto them. Uncle Ronnie let me control the pace now, and I slid down as deep as I could on his fingers til they were completely buried in my ass. He let me work my ass on his fingers for a while, then he took over. I loved this feeling and wanted to be stuffed to the brim with something bigger.

Samantha just cooed and stroked my face, she didn't seem to be in any rush as she just enjoyed my oral manipulations on her cock. This girl's cock absolutely drooled precum and it was so sweet. I kept going back to her plum tip head and sucking hard on it to get more precum. She seemed to really like that.

Uncle Ronnie had my little rosebud pretty dilated I guess, sawing two fingers in and out of my rectum with ease and no pain at all. It felt so good, I never wanted this to stop and I still tried to pump my ass back onto his fingers, but he suddenly withdrew them.

My slippery little asshole felt abandoned, discarded, empty, the craving to be fingered and full again was intense. Uncle Ronnie grabbed my hips, kneeling behind me, I felt the blunt tip of his rock hard cock touch the opening of my sphincter. He was going to fuck me in my ass and I wanted it desperately. I pushed with a little pressure and I felt the tip slide up into me. He waited a second or two and then slowly started feeding it to me. One inch at a time, I felt him enter me, deeper and deeper, and it felt so fucking good. It was fat, it was hard, it was long and I loved it.

When I felt his stomach pressed hard into my butt cheeks, I knew I had taken all 9 inches of his cock. Uncle Ronnie started slowly rocking his hips, pulling his erect cock slowly back and forth in my ass. He was giving me a slow gentle methodical rhythm, nothing too fast or too hard. He was giving me time to relax on it.

"Good girl Nicky, take that big cock up your pussy. I bet that feels so good huh? You love being filled up with a fat cock don't you?" Samantha gave me words of encouragement as I nodded my head in agreement on her cock and moaned.

Uncle Ronnie sped up the pace a little, holding my hips firmly in his hands as he got more aggressive with his thrusts. I freely accepted whatever he wanted to give me, slow, fast, deep, hard, I didn't care, I just wanted more. I especially liked it when he pulled all the way out and long dicked me. Every time my ass hole closed from withdrawing his cock and was re-opened with his fat blunt cock head, it just made me shiver.
