 I should preface this story by giving you a few facts. My wife, Beth, loves to suck cock and she is very good at it. Since the second year of our marriage, I have enjoyed watching her suck off other men in all kinds of situations. She has blown our neighbors, some of her male counterparts from work, men I worked with and guys we picked up in bars. I love fucking her pudgy little pussy while watching her work on some guys swollen dick till he blows his load in her hot little mouth and I unload in her pussy, or all over that nice wide ass. In short, she loves sex and is pretty much addicted to fucking and sucking cock of any age, race or size. 

There have been times when she would do half a dozen guys in an evening and every time they came, so would I either from just watching and jerking or from fucking her hot little whore cunt. The reason I tell you all this is to let you know that she knows how to handle a prick with her mouth, but for some reason that lies within me, I have never been able to cum while she sucked my dick, for that matter, I have never been able to cum while any woman blew me.

Every time she tries, I get right to the edge and then can't finish. I have no problem in pulling out, stroking my cock a few times and blowing a load into her mouth and all over her face and big soft titties, but over the entire course of our marriage, I have never finished in her mouth. We tried everything; I let her suck me while other men fucked her, I let her suck me while I ate other women's pussies. Anything that we thought might work we tried until we finally just accepted the fact that I could not cum from getting head. That, I found out at the age of 30, was not actually the case.

We were living in a community with a very nice clubhouse with all the amenities an expensive subdivision can offer. I work from home, so almost every weekday afternoon, I go down to the pool at about 3:00, have a nice swim and then spend a few minutes in the sauna. By going at that time on weekdays, I always have the place to myself except for the stay at home moms. The sauna in the men's locker room is always empty and I enjoy being in there naked and alone. More often than not, I jerk off at least once while I enjoy the heat. I was doing just that one lazy Wednesday afternoon when the door swung open a man I had never seen before stepped in. I grabbed my towel as quickly as I could, but I knew from the way he smiled at me he had seen exactly what I was doing.

"Hi there," he said. "I'm Don, my wife and I just moved in a couple of weeks ago."

"Nice to meet you, Don, I'm Nick" I said extending my hand to shake. As I reached out, the towel fell off my lap and there I was sitting with a half hard cock exposed to this stranger.

"Looks like these places have the same effect on you they do on me," he said smiling. "Mind if I take my trunks off?"

"No, that would be fine," I said as I picked up my towel and put it back over my lap. What else could I say, I was sitting there naked save for the small towel, how could I tell him that he could not do the same.

He slipped his thumbs into the waistband of his swim trunks and before I knew it he was standing there in front of me with a very nice hard cock showing.

"See what I'm talking about?" he said as he reached down and gave his dick a little squeeze. "Every time I get in a sauna, I get so horny I just about can't stand it. You know I saw what you were doing when I walked in. It really wasn't necessary for you to stop, I had plans for getting myself off while I relaxed."

"I don't know what you mean," I said blushing a little as I stared at his cock starting to get even thicker and harder. It was almost the same size as mine, about 7 ½ inches, fairly thick with a nice big swollen head. Unlike me, he was circumcised.

"Oh come on Nick," he said as he began to stroke his dick, "let me see that thing again. I know it's totally hard again by now. There's nothing wrong with a couple of old married guys having a little fun together with their dicks."

"How did you know I was married," I said.

"The ring," he said, pointing to the band on my left hand. "Don't be such a prude, let's just take care of our problem and get it out of the way instead of sneaking off to a toilet stall and being all uncomfortable and cramped while we fantasize about watching the other one shoot off." He never stopped stroking his prick while he talked and I could see the head getting wet from the pre-cum. "You never jerked off with another guy before?"

"Never with another guy alone," I said, "there's always been a woman around when I did things like that, I'm not gay."

"Hell buddy, I'm not gay either," he said with a little laugh. "But I do enjoy having some play time with just men every once in a while. It's really great; you should give it a try. When it's just guys, there's no pretense, no question about what's going to happen. Come on, move that towel and let's have some fun."

He sounded so persuasive that I pulled the towel away from my lap and sure enough, my cock was hard as a rock. I wrapped my hand around it and began to jerk it nice and slowly.

"Nice cock, man," he said. "I really like them uncut and natural like that, it looks so hot when that foreskin pulls up a little way over the head when you stroke it like that. Ever have that thing sucked by another guy?"

"No, but I have this thing about not being able to cum from getting head. I've never been ale to finish in a woman's mouth."

"The key word in that sentence is woman, there isn't a woman alive that can suck your cock like another man," he was moving toward me the whole time he was talking and before I could object, he was leaning over me with the head of my cock in his mouth.

"Nice and wet, just the way I like them," he said as he moved his mouth way for a second. Then he began to take more and more into his mouth bobbing his head up and down until after about the fifth bounce, he was taking all my cock in his mouth and throat.

His hand was still jerking on his stiff prick as he applied what seemed like just the right amount of suction to my cock. I felt my orgasm starting to build just the way it always did with women. As he continued to work on the head and shaft with his tongue a strange thing began to happen; rather than starting to subside, my excitement kept building. I felt that familiar tingle begin, that tingle I always got right before I unloaded in my hand or a pussy or ass and that too kept getting stronger and stronger.

"Oh my God," I said a little to loudly, "you're going to make me cum, your going to make me dump a big load in your mouth. Oh God Don, suck that cock baby, suck that big hard cock and eat my cum.!"

As I began to shoot off he started trying to swallow all my hot stuff, a little dripped out from around the corners of his mouth, but he got most of it down. I could not believe after all these years and my wife and other women spending hours trying to make me cream in their mouths, this guy had gotten me off in less than five minutes.

"Damn," he said coming up off my cock, "what a load. You've been saving that up for a while."

"That's the first time I have ever cum in anyone's mouth," I said still breathless. "Man that was great!"

Don was looking at my cock and I looked down to see that it was still standing up hard and ready with cum dripping off the head. "It's good to see that you are not a one shot wonder," he said with a smile as he reached forward and gave my cock another little suck. "Have you ever sucked off another man?"

At that very moment, any negative feelings I had felt in the past about taking another man's prick in my mouth and sucking it till he came were washed away by a burning desire to make this man feel as good as he had made me.

"No," I said softly not exactly even recognizing my own voice. "Do you want me to eat your cock?"

"You don't have to if you don't want to, it's not one of those I'll do you if you'll do me kind of things, but if you think you might like to try..."

"Please let me suck your cock," I said interrupting him.

I moved down to my knees in front of him deciding if I was going to be a cocksucker, I would be a kneeling one. He rubbed his hard dick all over my face before bringing it to my lips. I opened my mouth to accept it and began sucking and licking on my first dick. I was amazed at how good it tasted and how hot it got me as I knelt there and let him start plunging that big thing in and out of my mouth. I let my mouth fill up with spit so it would be nice and wet like a pussy for him as he continued driving in and out of my eager mouth. I was really getting into it, pinching my nipples and twisting them while this man I just met rammed his dick deeper and deeper into my throat with each thrust.

I could tell by the increase in speed that he was getting close, his moans helped give him away also. "Eat that dick you man-whore," he said. "Suck that hard cock like you want to eat all the cum it can give you bitch."

I was really starting to get turned on by his talk and took his dick out of my mouth long enough to tell him to keep it up.

He put one hand behind my head and started ramming deeper into my throat. "Suck that cock you whore, suck that dick like the cum slut you are."

I felt his body start to tense and moved my head back so that I could take his load into my mouth rather than having it spill right down my throat. I began to suck and swirl my tongue around the head and then it happened. My first taste of another man's cum was spectacular. He pumped load after load into my mouth as I swallowed and suck and swallowed it down. He pulled out while he was still shooting and blew the last of his spunk all over my face and chest.

"Damn man," he said, "Are you sure you never did that before? That was probably one of the best blow jobs I have ever had."

"You got a virgin mouth," I said as stood back up and wiped some of the cum off my face and sucked it off my fingers not wanting to miss a drop.

"Wow, that thing looks like it needs to cum again," he said smiling as he looked down at my still hard dick. "I've got just the place for you to put it too."

He turned around so that he was facing the benches in the sauna and leaned forward so that his hands were flat against the bench. His ass was sticking out right there in front of me and I could not believe that he was getting ready for me to butt fuck him. Beth had never let me fuck her asshole, we had tried a couple of times but she said it just hurt too badly so we stopped. I wasn't going to pass up this opportunity so I walked up behind him and placed the head of my cock on his asshole. He surprised me by pushing back as hard as he could and I felt my cock slip into the tightest hole I had been in since I became and adult. He took all my cock in one swift motion and I felt his insides stretching and squeezing around my hard dick.

"Fuck me like a whore," he said. "I want that dick in my ass as far as you can cram it in."

I began moving on him, slow at first, drawing my cock out and pushing it back in easily not wanting to hurt him.

"Slam fuck that ass you bastard!" he said as he began pounding his ass into me, "Make me your slut and cream in my ass, fuck me like you mean it!"

There I was getting my first "man pussy", my first asshole wrapped tight around my cock and I was loving every second of it. I reached around him and took his cock in my hand, it was so hard. I began stroking his dick as I fucked his tight little ass. The friction against the head of my cock was driving me crazy and as I felt his prick begin to throb in my hand I started unloading in his ass. I came more than I had ever cum in a pussy, it just blasted out of me with such a force that I thought it might knock him over. As soon as he felt me unloading in his butt, he started to cum too covering the bench in front of him with hot, thick cum.

I finally let my dick slip out of his ass as it began to soften. "That was fantastic," I said as I moved around to sit down on the bench. 

"Listen," he said after recovering a little, "I don't know what you and your wife are into, but my wife loves to watch me with another guy. She's not into three-way action though, she just likes to watch me suck guys off while she fucks herself with a vibrator. Would you be interested in something like that? Maybe the three of us getting together at our place, your wife is welcome to come to, but if she doesn't that OK."

"I'll have to ease her into this," I said, "We have had a lot of sex with men, but she's always been the one that did all the sucking and fucking, I really don't know what she would think about man-on-man action. But, I will tell you yes on my part, I would love to watch your wife fuck herself while you eat my dick and I suck yours. Does she know you like it up the ass?"

"She's the one that got me started," he said smiling. "A strap on is not as good as the real thing, but it did get me a lot of practice time. What time does your wife get in?"

"Never before 6:00," I said.

"Perfect," he said, "Tammy, my wife, is a cop. She gets off at 3:00 and is always home by 4:00. That gives us 2 hours of playtime. I'll tell her what a fantastic partner I found and maybe we can get started tomorrow."

We exchanged phone numbers and I went home still not believing my great luck in finding this guy and his wife. I can hardly wait until tomorrow.