 All rights reserved – this story is a work of fiction and remains the property of the writer.

I returned home the next day. My wife wasn't home so I dropped my bags in the bedroom and went to take a quick shower. The hot water, soapy lather, and my wandering hands reminded me of my adventure on the road. As I became hard, I slipped my finger into my tight hole and the feeling reminded me so much of how Jack had entered me, I nearly came. I slid one finger, then a second into my soapy opening, and felt the familiar sensation of being opened, prepared for the entry of an alpha-male. Unfortunately there was none around. I knew I'd have to try that again soon. In the meantime, I knew my wife had a large dildo in her night table. I didn't want to go through the whole process of drying off, getting lubed up (I had seen a tube of KY in the cabinet under the counter) - so I rinsed the soap off of myself, and went to get the sex toy. Dripping the entire way, I found it where she always kept it, and returned to the warm, steamy confines of the shower. I looked more closely at the dildo now, and noticed how realistic it was. It was a flesh-like color, was obviously molded from the real thing as it had the veins along the shaft, the large ridge under the head, and a big pair of balls that seemed to move inside their sack. It was larger than my own cock - had to be around 8 inches, and pretty thick. Not as large as Jack's cock, but large enough to do what I needed.

As I soaped my self again, enjoying the sensation of a slippery finger opening my entrance, my mind wandered back to my encounter with Jack at the hotel sauna. How quickly he had spotted my need, and how swiftly he had me on my knees in front of him, his penis in my mouth. He just knew somehow. I moved the shower spray so it hit the wall and didn't rinse all the slippery lather from me as I reached for the rubber cock. It looked so real; I had to try sucking it. I closed my eyes (not sure why), and took it into my mouth as deeply as I could. It was ridiculous but sucking this rubber cock was making me hard. I slid the dildo in and out of my throat, trying to take it as deeply as possible, but it just didn't work as well as it did with a real, warm, soft cock. I pulled it out and applied soap to it, in order to prepare it for what was next. Once it was slippery, and my hole was comfortably loosened, I bent forward, balancing myself on the shower bench, and positioned the big head at my tight hole. The anticipation of what was about to happen was almost too much. 

I felt the round head nudging my opening, and tried to relax as I applied pressure. There was a momentary sensation of pain, and stretching as the wide tip started to penetrate me, and I pushed outward as if having a bowel movement. The head of the dildo slipped into me, passed the tight ring of my opening and I felt my anus clamp down on it. The pain was sharp, and I pulled it free. I hadn't recalled it being this difficult, but then again, I was pretty light-headed with lust the last time something was pushed into me, so this might take a little more work. I stuck the base of the dildo to the tile wall (it had a suction cup base, I assume for cases just like this), trying to get it at the right level. Next, I grabbed the lube from below the bathroom counter and applied a great deal of it to my opening, getting it inside as well as on the surface. Turning away, I bent over, one hand on my leg for balance, and the other angling the rubber cock at my hole. Once I had it in position I put both hands on my thighs and pushed back slightly. I relaxed my anus, and the head popped right in. Now just a feeling of fullness, and an indescribable sensation of being taken again. This was how it was with Jack. I pushed back farther, and the rubber penis slid into me, brushing past my prostate and sending a charge through my own cock. I settled down on it until I felt the big rubber balls touching my own. I had taken the entire length, and felt so full, so "taken". I looked down at my own cock and felt it surging with hardness. I was still somewhat covered in soapy lather, but now that I had the lube in place, that wasn't necessary. I reached up and felt the dildo, the big balls pressed against my own, the stretched opening of my "pussy" (how exciting to think of myself with this feminine term) tightly wrapped around the shaft. Moving my hand to my own cock, I felt it throb. The feeling was coursing through my cock, deep inside, to what I have to assume was my prostate. With each throb, it was stimulated, and I knew I could cum right now if I wanted to. 

I moved forward, allowing the thick shaft to retreat out of me. Back and forth as the head nudged past my prostate, sending a thrill through my body, that I had only felt once before, as Jack had deflowered me. Really leaning into it now, I was fucking myself back onto the dildo over and over as I imagined a large, strong man taking hold of my hips and really using me for his pleasure. Fucking me to get off, but unbeknownst to him, the pleasure was mostly mine. A few times the big cock slipped out of me, and drooped downward, but with a quick adjustment I had the head in position, and easily accepted it again. Before long it was too much, and without touching myself I felt the familiar feeling start to build. This was a little different than my usual masturbation orgasm, or even what I was used to from sex with my wife. It built form deep within me, and burst out through my cock, contracting strongly around the intruder inside my colon. The first spasm surprised me in its intensity, and I didn't even know it was about to happen. My cock throbbed 5-6 times and gave a great spurt of white creamy cum each time. I managed to catch at least a few ropes in my palm and was able to taste it as I came, which normally I would have lost the urge to do. The salty taste made my orgasm even stronger.

After cleaning up and putting everything back where it was, I made my way downstairs, and waited for my wife to return. I heard her key in the lock before long, and she walked in, looking amazing.

Dar, as I called her, wore a light summer dress over her voluptuous body. I loved the way her curves were highlighted by the light, thin material. She was never comfortable with her curviness, but I loved it. She had wide hips, and a large firm ass, what people refer to as a "bubble-butt". She hated it, wanting to be more like the models in her favorite magazine, but every time I saw her in panties I had to restrain myself from tearing them from her incredible body. Her breasts were not enormous, but a full 36 C, and featured great, wide, dark areola that I loved. They seemed so "female" for lack of a better term. I never liked the look of tits with those tiny areola and nipples. When she was nude, Dar looked like a work of art, like something from the Middle Ages when all the paintings featured those round, soft models. She dropped her bag, and stood before me.

"You made it back!!" Dar reached for me, pulling me up to kiss her.

"I did. I couldn't wait to get back here to see you, and feel you...." I said with a smirk as I ran my hand over her hip and up to cup her breast. To my surprise she returned my grin and began undoing the buttons of her dress.

"Did you miss these?" She asked as her dress fell from her shoulders, exposing her breasts. The light material was actually stopped from falling off completely by her round hips, and she was topless. Standing in our living room with her dress nearly off, she hooked her thumbs in the dress and wiggles her hips so it would slide off. The dress hit the floor and left her standing there in only her panties.

"Wow - of course I did. You're not wearing a bra today?" I moved to her to touch the dark nipple of her left breast as it tightened and grew erect. I could see the hint of a light blue vein running across the white flesh, close to her areola and it always excited me for some reason.

"No, not today - I was enjoying the warm weather, and the feeling of the material on my nipples is amazing." She reached up and brushed her fingers over both nipples, looking down at their reaction. I kissed her, and ran my hands into the waist band of her panties, first just moving them over her incredible, firm ass cheeks, and then finally, pushing the panties down over her hips. She stood before me, nude. I had to step back to take it all in.

"Well now....see anything you like?" She asked in a put-on Mae-West style, cocking her hip and looking at my crotch for a reaction. I looked at her standing there in all her glory, just an amazing example of a woman. Full breasts, dark, wide areola, those hips that drive me wild, and in the centre of it all, a thick, triangular patch of dark hair. I loved the contrast between her pale skin and the dark bush.

"You, you're amazing......I'm...." I looked down at what had caught her attention, and my erection was painfully obvious, tenting the front of my pants, and straining for release. It didn't have to wait long. Dar dropped to her knees in front of me, unzipped me, and reached inside my pants to pull my erect cock free. The next thing I knew I was engulfed in the warmth and wetness of her mouth as she sucked me hard. Her hands traveling around, pulling me closer, deeper into her throat. "Oh, that's so good.....mmmmmmm....I can't believe how good you are at that..." I moaned as she began to bob on my cock, sucking, licking, and generally working hard to ensure I came as fast as possible. She pulled my cock form her mouth and looked up at me.

"I want you to cum for me, cum in m mouth. I haven't tasted you for a week." She went right back to work and even though I had just cum upstairs with her dildo inside of me, soon I was ready.

"Oh baby, here it is, I'm gonna cum, I'm cumming!" And I did. Shooting my load into Dar's mouth as she sucked me for all she was worth. After she had released me I slumped back on the couch, pulling her to me so we could kiss while I thought of what to do next. The kiss was a surprise though - she had saved my load and was now feeding it back to me. The surprise of tasting my semen, the warmth, and the fact that she'd never done this before was so erotic, I started to get hard again. I accepted the warm sperm from her and swallowed before continuing our lingering kiss.

"Mmmmm, what did you think of that baby? Do you like your own cum?" Dar moved her hand to open my shirt, and pinched my nipple hard.

"That was wild - when did you come up with that?" I asked her, loving the sensation she was giving me. My nipple telling my cock to get ready for more action.

"I was thinking about our little talk....when you told me about the dream you had about sucking a man, and tasting his cum. It got me thinking." I had come up with the idea of telling Dar I had a dream about blowing another guy because I wanted to open the topic for discussion and hadn't known how else to do it. I had been having bisexual fantasies for years, and wanted to act on them. She had been hesitant to believe what she was hearing at first, but then warmed up to the fantasy (which was now a reality).

"Oh, what were you thinking about?" I asked innocently, getting very hard again now, knowing where this was headed.

"Ooooh, what's this?" she asked, turning her head to kiss my erection. "You seem to be pretty interested in this topic. Hmmmmm, why would that be I wonder?" She looked at me playfully. Raising herself, she rubbed the head of my cock against her nipple, a move that always drove me wild. "I think you're getting closer to being ready to take the next step aren't you? Ready to try it? Are you going to be my little cocksucker? You obviously like the taste of your own cum, are you ready for someone else's? You know it's much better direct from the source." Her wicked grin told me she was ready for what I had to say. She was stroking my cock now, and the stream of pre-cum was lubricating her palm.

"Well, I do have something to tell you........something happened on my trip....." I looked at her and the excitement that registered in her eyes told me she was ready for my admission. I wasn't sure if she'd be mad or not, and didn't know how to bring this up. But the events that had just played out seem to be the perfect segue.

"What? Tell me! Did you do it? Did you have sex with a man? Oh my god!! That is so hot! Tell me everything! Did you like it? Was he big? Please tell me....." She was begging for details and I was having trouble concentrating with her stroking my cock, and licking the tip every so often. I moved her hand away from it so I could talk.

"I, well, I did. I met a guy in the sauna at the hotel and, well......one thing sort of led to another." I said, being pretty vague. I wanted to try to drive her a little crazy. But talking about this was making my cock throb even though she was no longer touching it.

"And? Come on, tell me how it happened!" She was pleading for the details, so I began.

"Well I was in the sauna and this guy came in. I had seen him before in the weight room, and he was older. Big, over six feet, and had a white goatee. He sat down on an upper bench and when I looked over at him I could se under his towel. His cock was big, and he caught me looking."

"Was it really big? How did you approach him? Ooooh, this is so hot!!" Dar exclaimed, absently pinching her own nipple as she spoke.

"He noticed me looking at him, and he pointed out that I had a hard-on. At that point I couldn't really deny anything, and he took charge, standing in front of me, letting his towel drop and told me he knew what I wanted. Next thing I knew, I had his cock in my mouth and was no longer just bi-curious. I was actually sucking a stranger's cock. My head was pinning with desire, and he was in total control, a real alpha-male, telling me what I wanted, and what to do to him."

"So, you sucked his cock right there? In a public sauna? What if someone came in?" She asked, her one hand still working her nipple, while the other had moved down and was slowly caressing her pubic hair, not straying into the actual lips below yet.

"I know, it was risky, but at the time I didn't think of anything other than that cock, and how badly I wanted him to take me, use me for his pleasure. And he did. He held my head and moved his cock in and out of my mouth until it finally happened."

"He came in your mouth? Oooh that's so good.....tell me about it." Dar's eyes were closed now and she was slipping one finger down into the very moist area between her legs.

"I felt him tense up and he held my head in place as he came. His cock jerked and I felt a stream of warm liquid hit the roof of my mouth. Followed by another and another, until he was done. My tongue was covered in his cum and I looked up at him as I swallowed it. His cock was still hard and a drop of very white cum had formed on the tip. He offered his cock to me, and I sucked the tip, drawing out the last few drops of his sperm. The thing I remember most is the smell. It was slightly bleachy smelling, and I though at the time that it was so hot - I was incredible hard, and needed to cum."

"Did you cum right here?"

"No, I had to wait until later, in his room."

"You went to his room!? To suck him again? Or did you.....did you do more than that? It is really hot to suck on a cock isn't it? I knew you'd love it. So erotic to take a man's penis in your mouth, make him hard, and then have him shoot his cum into you.....mmmmm.....I can just see you with that big, thick cock sliding in and out of your mouth. And you on your knees in front of the dominant older man, taking his seed like a real woman. I've always thought it wasn't fair that only women are supposed to suck cock.....well, and some men I guess." She said with a smile. "So, what about his room, what happened there? Did you learn even more about pleasing a man?" She was reclined now, facing me, her legs spread and had two fingers deep inside herself. The sight was amazing. My cock was SO hard now.

"He gave me his room number and told me to meet him there if I wanted more. I wasn't sure what to do at first, but found myself at his door, and he let me in. He was wearing a robe and nothing else, and I saw his cock clearly for the first time. It was long, and had a foreskin. The shaft was covered in thick veins and it looked so....masculine, if that's the right word. Just a big, brutal looking cock. Nothing beautiful about it, but it was beautiful. I sat on his bed watching some of the porn movie he had on, and he moved closer to me until his cock was near my face. I turned my head and without saying a word, began sucking him. He let me suck him for a few moments until he was very hard and the foreskin was pulling back exposing his big, wide head. I could nearly get the tip of my tongue in the hole in the tip, it was so big. Anyway, then he said I should get on the bed as he was going to make a woman out of me."

"He did? Wow, he really took control. Did he just have you blow him again, or was it what I think it was? Did he take you? Penetrate you? Make you feel what a woman feels when a man pushed his cock into them?"

"I, well, yes, he did. He told me to get some lube and get myself ready, then put a condom on him and he told me to get on my back because he wanted to see my eyes as he entered me. I tilted my pelvis upward with a pillow, like you do sometimes, and I felt the big tip at my hole. He told me to push out as he was pushing in, and then I felt him push the big head into me. He fucked me, took me like a woman, and I begged him for more. His cock filling me made me cum all over myself without even touching my cock."

"Did he like that? I bet he did. Did he cum inside you or did he pull out and make you suck him again?"

"He told me when he was ready to cum, and I thought he wanted to cum in my mouth. He told me to take the condom off, and I sucked him for a moment, but then he turned me around, and slid his long cock back into me. I knew it was dangerous, but the feeling of him taking me bareback was so intense I couldn't; stop him. He told me he was safe, and was checked regularly, so he wanted to breed me properly, telling me he was making me a woman - his woman. The feeling was so intense, as he buried himself in me to the hilt, and then came. I felt his cock throbbing as it delivered his hot spunk into me. He kissed my neck as he pumped me full of his seed."

"Oh that's so hot!! I can't believe he wanted you so bad, he took you bareback - there's really no better feeling than know your body made a man cum into you. Made him shoot inside you." Dar was close to cumming now; she had flushed red, and was pinching her dark nipple hard while she stroked her tiny clit.

"I slept for about an hour, then woke to see him standing by the bed. I went to him and sucked him again, taking his warm sperm into my mouth again, and left knowing I was full of his cum. I just kept thinking I couldn't wait to get home and tell you."

"Oh, Oh, Oh, that's it, that's it.....!!!!! I'm cumming!!!" Dar screamed as her orgasm overtook her. Watching her cum was incredible, seeing the dark areola tighten up and her hand a blur on her clit. "That is the best story I've ever heard, we have to find someone here to do that - I need to see you be taken like that by a real alpha male."

We placed an ad in the local swingers magazine, and it wasn't long before we had some replies....

To be continued.