 All rights reserved - this story is a work of fiction and remains the property of the writer.

I had been on the road for work, and was nearly ready to head home. Two weeks away was too long. I had just married my long time girlfriend two years ago, and we were still pretty hot and heavy. I checked into the last hotel on my trip and made my way to the room. Dropping my bags, I decided to head to the bar for a quick bite to eat. After dinner I headed back to the room and decided to work out. I headed for the gym and found it to be a nice size. After some cardio, I hit the weights for about half an hour, working up a good sweat. I noticed an older guy was working out in the corner. He was big, about six foot four, and heavy, with broad shoulders and one of those really firm-looking bellies that weight lifters seem to have. I watched him out of the corner of my eye while he worked out and I was amazed at how close he was to the figure I often fantasized about. 

I had been having bisexual fantasies for years but had never acted on them. My favorite fantasy was of an older, powerful man who would tech me how to please him. Sometimes the fantasy involved my wife as well, but sometimes just me and this man. Anyway, this guy in the corner looked just like the guy I had been thinking of, and the realization of that made me start to get hard. I moved to the stationary bike so I could get a better look. He was bald, with a white goatee, and I could see by the thin track pants he was wearing that he had no underwear on. As he moved back and forth between stations, his cock seemed to swing free in his pants. I was having real trouble not rubbing my cock now, and I decided I better think of something else. I moved to the change room to get ready for a shower and then planned on heading up to my room and jerking off like crazy while thinking about this man who was my fantasy come true. I hit the shower and lathered up, trying not to spend too much time on my cock, as I was still partially hard, and didn't want to create a scene if someone came in. I finished up and rinsed off. Moving into the change room to get dried off, I noticed the sauna. I hadn't been in one in years, and thought it might be nice to relax in the heat, prolonging my anticipation of my jerk-off session to come. I knew I'd be firing up my laptop and enjoying some of the pics I had saved of big-titted brunettes and big cocked older guys.

The sauna was empty and I moved to the bench on the lower level. Sat down with my towel around my waist and closed my eyes, soaking in the moist heat. I heard the door open and opened my eyes to see the guy form the gym walk in, and sit across from me, on the upper bench. I let my gaze drift across the room, trying to be casual and not give away the fact that I wanted to check him out further to collect some more memories for my upcoming session with my cock and some lube. I glanced up to him and saw he was sitting with his towel around his wide hips, his head back so he couldn't see me. I was amazed to see that at his position above me on the upper bench, his crotch was completely visible to me, although a little dark under the towel. I could clearly see a large pair of balls, and what looked like a un-circumcised cock above them. This had the expected effect on my cock, which jumped to attention. I tried to look away, but as he spread his legs, his balls fell down to rest on the bench, and more of that cock came into view. I looked up at him and he was looking right at me. I quickly looked away, and tried to move my towel to disguise my erection. Eventually I looked back at him and he was still looking at me, but had opened his towel. My eyes trailed down his broad belly, down the trail of thick hair that lead from his chest to his crotch. It stopped just under his belly, where he had obviously shaved himself clean. His thick cock hung down over his big sack. I was mesmerized by it. It was bigger than my cock by quite a bit. It looked very wide at the shaft, and I could see how the head stretched the foreskin. I looked up into his eyes and he nodded at me.

"I'm Jack." He said, never breaking our gaze. "You look like you have a problem there." He gestured to my lap where my cock was extending through my towel. I quickly moved to cover myself.

"Sorry" I said "I've just never seen.....that is, I've never......I'm not sure what the problem is."

"I know what the problem is. You want to suck my cock." I thought he was angry, but I looked up at him and he was smiling, his hand moving to his penis. "That's no problem, there's a first time for everything." He stood, and moved to the floor before me. He had his towel over his shoulder and I looked straight ahead at this naked man, tall, heavy, and very male for lack of a better term. The sweat was running down his body, trailing over his stomach and a drop hung at the end of his foreskin. At least I think it was sweat.

"Tell me what you want." He said softly, lifting his hand to touch my shoulder, pulling me forward. I knew what he wanted, and he knew what I wanted.

"I want to touch you....touch your cock....please....I've never seen one up close before....yours is so....so...perfect" I stammered. He grinned down at me, and moved closer. His big hand lifted my chin, his other pulled my head closer. I looked forward and saw his cock. The head had started to show through the end of the foreskin. I could smell his balls, and the odor made my head swim. He hadn't showered, just came in here after working out .The masculine smell of his musk made me want him even more.

"You can touch it if you want. Explore it." He said as he leaned in and ground his crotch on my face. His cock slipped past me and my mouth was in the hot, wet place between his leg and his balls. I pulled back and looked at the site before me. "It's time....you know it is. Time to do what you've always wanted to."

I saw his cock throb once, twice, and it began to swell. Jack pulled the foreskin back and the big head came into view. He held it up to me, and I opened my mouth. I knew it was the right thing to do. I knew it was time to cross over from being bi-curious to being someone who has tried it. I was going to suck a cock. This cock. Jack placed his cock on my extended tongue, and pushed forward. I closed my mouth on the shaft and sucked him. His cock began to swell again. Jack held my head and pushed further into me. I took about half of the shaft into my mouth, and eased off a little. His cock moved back out of my mouth until just the head was between my lips. Jack pushed in and forced his cock to the back of my throat. He started a fucking motion as he held my head and took his pleasure with me.

"Oh, that's it....that's it.....you do like this don't you?" Jack moaned as he fucked my mouth. "take that cock, take all that cock." I sucked him to full erection, and his cock stretched upward pressing against the roof of my mouth as he thrust into me. He was slowly sliding his cock out of my mouth, and pressing it back in, holding my head and telling me what I needed to hear. "Mmmmmm, yes, take that cock.......you know you need this. You're going to get my cum soon." He pushed forward and the head of his cock went into my throat, and just seemed to slip down, suddenly my lips were against his body. I had deep throated him. Pulling all the way out, his cock sprung up against his belly. I looked up and saw his thick shaft before me, he had pulled it upward to give me access to his big balls. I licked and sucked on them, as they pulled tighter to his body. Finally he stepped back, his long cock swaying to the side as he moved. He pulled me up and kissed me hard, his tongue entering my mouth and taking me by surprise. I felt his erection between us. My towel had dropped to the floor and my own cock was pressing against his leg. He broke the kiss, and looked at me before kissing me again. This time I returned the kiss - so hard, so different than kissing my wife. He tasted of mouthwash, and his tongue was thick and insistent. 

"Are you ready for more?" He wasn't really asking, as he pushed me to my knees. The floorboards felt hot on my knees, I moved the towel to shield them. I was kneeling before this giant, naked man, his cock waiting to enter my mouth again. I opened my mouth, and he pushed his cock between my lips. I sucked and he thrust into me, holding my head as masturbated his cock into my mouth. "Oh, oh, yeah.....I'm ready - suck hard!" I did.

Jack pulled his cock back until just the head was on my tongue, I sucked him hard, knowing what was going to happen, scared, excited, and ready for it. His cock jerked, and I felt something hot, and wet hit the roof of my mouth. It jerked again, and again, delivering his sperm to me. I could imagine the pool of white semen forming on my tongue as his cock throbbed and gave me his cum. He stopped and pulled free of my mouth. I had a large puddle of semen in my mouth, and I could see a drop of the whitest cream I'd ever seen on the slit of his cock. Without thinking I swallowed his cum and took his head in my mouth to suck out the remaining fluid.

"Mmmmmm, that was very good. You know how to do this - it's not your first time is it?" I sat back on the bench to collect myself. My cock was achingly hard, and I tasted his spunk which as salty, thick and tasted like my own.

"This was my first time, but I've fantasized forever about this. It was better than I thought it would be." I looked at his cock hanging there before me. I reached up to stroke it.

"Whoa, easy now, a little sensitive. I'm in room 412, I'll see you there in 20 minutes. Then he was gone. I sat there with the taste of his semen in my mouth, my erection straining, and knew I was his for the night if he wanted me.

I left the sauna, and got dressed. It was difficult to get my cock into my pants, as it strained for release. I looked in the mirror and thought about brushing my teeth. I decided I wanted to continue tasting his cum, and grabbed my bag and left for my room. I sat on my bed and wasn't sure about what I should do. I was still so horny, my cock hadn't gotten soft yet, and I knew I wanted to try sucking him again. It was clear what I needed.

I knocked on door 412, and it swung open. Moving inside, I saw Jack. He wore a robe and it was not tied up. As he motioned for me to join him I saw it split open and saw that thick cock again. I sat on the bed, facing the TV, and watched a few moments of the porn he was watching. It showed a blond with large natural tits sucking a big cock. I marveled at how easily she took it into her mouth. Before I knew it, Jack had moved next to me, standing beside me, closer and closer until I could feel the heat from his crotch on my face. I turned to see his semi-erect cock right next to me. I didn't even look at him, just lifted it to my mouth and started to suckle it. He stood with his hands on his hips looking down at me as I serviced him. After a few minutes passed, his cock was hard as steel, and he pulled away.

"Kneel here in front of me and suck my cock." Jack said, "tell me what you want..."

I was feeling extremely horny, and wanted nothing more than to feel that thick shaft between my lips. For the second time in my life, I began sucking a cock. I took him in my mouth and pumped him in and out while applying strong suction. Jack tilted his head back and moaned as I serviced him.

"Mmmmmm, mmmm, mmmm, I want your cock! I need it, please cum in my mouth sir," I asked, as he had demanded. I worked hard on his cock, sucking the tip before plunging down on it, taking it as far as I could. I wanted him to cum again, I was working to get his load. Then he pulled out, frustrating me again.

"Get on the bed, it's time to make a woman out of you......get the lube from the bedside table and that condom." I moved to the bed and reached for the items on the table. A bottle of astro-glide and a magnum condom. I wasn't sure what to do, or how to start. "Get some of that lube inside you, and spread it all over your tight little hole. Slip a finger inside, then two." Jack was standing beside the bed, stroking his cock, and giving me directions. "That's it, get lots of it in there."

I was on my knees, bent over and had slipped two fingers into my ass. The gel was working well, and I was slippery back there. I looked over at his cock and it was red, and dripping with pre-cum. I wiped my hand off on the towel he had brought, and opened the condom. Moving over to him, I took him in my mouth and sucked hard on the tip of his cock, savoring the sweet pre-cum. I held his cock up and placed the condom on the tip. It was tricky, I usually did this from the other side, and I pulled his foreskin back to allow the condom to roll down. Even with the large condom, it was still a tight fit, but I finally got it all the way down, and there he was. His cock stood straight up, wrapped in latex, his huge balls hanging below the white shaft of his cock. I looked up at him. I was nervous, and excited.

"Get on your back, and put a pillow under your hips. I want to see your eyes as I'm entering you." I moved onto my back, sliding a pillow under me, I tilted my pelvis upward to expose myself to him, and allow him to mount me. I spread my legs wide, my own cock had softened due to my nervousness, and I looked down passed it to see Jack kneeling between my legs, cock in hand. I looked up at him, and he smiled, moving forward. He felt for my hole, and brought the tip of his cock to my anus. Holding himself at my entrance, he looked into my eyes. "Are you ready? Push out a little as I push in, and it will be much easier." He moved forward, never breaking our gaze. The head of his cock pushed into me, and the pain was immense. I had forgotten to push out, and was tensing up. "Easy, just let it pass, relax and let me in....". 

I looked into his eyes, relaxed, and pushed out while pulling him to me. The head of his cock slipped passed my outer ring, and he was in. Just like that. I felt so full, and he only had his head inside me. After resting for a moment, he pulled out slightly and then pushed in. Looking into my eyes, Jack sank his full cock into my virgin ass. Sliding forward until I thought I would burst, his cock went deep inside me, stretching me, filling me. Jack leaned forward and kissed me hard on the mouth. Oddly enough, I think it was the kiss that brought my cock back to full erection, it sprang up between us. He was making love to me. I kissed him back, and our tongues moved into each other's mouth. Jack withdrew and slid back in, taking me fully. My hips started to roll, encouraging him to start fucking me. Jack, reared back until he was almost out of me, and then thrust hard back into me. Once, twice, three times he fucked his cock into me. The jolt on my body was too much, he must have hit my prostate directly as I looked down and my cock was oozing cum. Not pre-cum, but actually semen was leaking from me with every thrust.

"Uh, uh, uh, oooh yeah, take that cock, take it. Look at you, your loving this aren't you? Did you cum?" Jack was deep thrusting, and had reared back to look down at his conquest.

"No, I don't think so." I said, "My cock is just leaking cum - this feels so good." I closed my eyes and just felt him. His cock was long, and wide, and so hard. I felt so proud that I was able to make him this hard, and I loved the fact that he was fucking me. I couldn't believe that earlier today I was a bi-curious man, and now I had sucked a cock, swallowed cum, and was being fucked like a woman. "Fuck me!!" I cried out as my real orgasm hit, sending streams of cum all over my chest and neck. The throbbing of my orgasm must have squeezed his cock hard as he tensed and buried himself in me. I though he was cumming.

"Mmmmmm, I love it when a man cums while I'm fucking him. That's so hot. I can feel every throb, every spurt of your cum. You're so tight - I can't last much longer." Jack resumed his assault on my ass, and began giving me really long strokes, even popping out a few times, only to slip quickly back into the depths of my body. "That's it, you're really opening up now, feel that? Hmmm? I know you do. You can feel how my cock is opening you, taking you, and making you my woman. Each time I shove my cock into your pussy, you become a little more of a woman, don't you?"

"Yes, yes, I'm your woman, fuck me, fuck me with your giant cock!!" I wailed as he buried himself inside me over and over. "Take me, shoot your load into me, please!"

"Oh you want my cum do you?" Jack raised his eyebrows as he pulled himself almost out of my pussy. I had started to think of it as a pussy, which was pretty strange, but it was making me hard again just thinking of myself as Jack's woman, being fucked on my back, and taken just like I fuck my wife. " Where do you want it? Hmmmm? Should I cum inside you? Should I cum on you? Maybe I should cum all over that little cock of yours." Jack pulled out of me, his huge cock re-appearing from the warmth of my ass. His huge cock swayed before me. "take this condom off, I'm ready to shoot." He commanded.

I sat up, and rolled the condom off of his cock. It was tricky with the lube and I managed to roll it off. The cock before me was red, throbbing, the veins standing out prominently on the shaft. The head was fully exposed, and the hole on the tip wide open. Jack reached for me and pulled my head to him. I knew what was happening. He wanted to cum in my mouth. I sucked him hard, and he held my head still as he moved his cock into me. Next thing I knew, instead of cumming into me, he turned me around, and I was on my hands and knees, his cock touched my hole, and before I knew it he was inside me again, without a condom on. The feeling was so different, skin on skin, the heat of his cock was so strong, I knew I wanted this.

"Not to worry, I was given a clean bill of health just last week. I never fuck without a condom, but you're so hot, I want to breed you properly. Do you like my cock inside you? Mmmmm, I'm gonna cum, gonna cum!!" Jack buried himself in me and I felt his cock throb again and again as his long penis performed its final job and delivered his sperm to me. I felt so right, so good to have this man, this alpha male make love to me, mount me, and cum in me. He held me as he came inside me, and tenderly enjoyed my body as he came inside my "pussy". I raised my body up so I could turn my head and kiss him as he continued to throb inside me. His cock was so big inside me, and he quickly returned my kiss.

I awoke an hour later and saw Jack standing nearby, drying himself with a towel. I moved to him and took his soft cock in my mouth. I sucked his cock as he stood there, looking down at me. Before long, his balls drew up tight to his body and he came in my mouth. I counted five or six strong spurts of warm semen jetting onto my tongue. I swallowed his load and kissed his cock as I released it from my hand. I sat back on the bed. I was definitely no longer bi-curious. I was a cock sucker and proud of it. I couldn't wait to tell my wife.