 I had felt ashamed after my first encounter. I promised myself that I would never be with another man again. It was wrong. Morally… spiritually… and no one expected me to be gay. Least of all myself.

I am the oldest. I am the one that is expected to do things in life. To settle down and to raise a family. I need to get a job and be a role model for everyone. A gay man cannot do that.

I drove to campus and for the next two years I slept with as many women that I could. I shunned any serious relationships with women. Sex, sex, and more sex. It did not matter how old or what they looked like. My appetites went from sorority president to a married mother of two teen age children. The conquest of sex was what was important. The conquest of a female, to prove my masculinity… to prove that I did not and was not turned on by the older married man that made me cum so violently in the video booth… only to turn around and walk out on me. Yes. Sex, sex, and more sex.

There were sometimes that I would think about my sole gay experience, when I would catch myself looking at the other guys on campus and in the bars. How many looks and peaks I took during the showers and stalls were too numerous to count. But I counseled myself to drive it out of my head. To remove myself from that person and to go on…

I came home during the break. By this time in my life I had gained some weight. I had stopped playing college baseball and began to discover pizza and beer. I was not as attractive as I once was, and the nights of the pretty sorority girls were becoming more and more the older, uglier, bigger girls.

After I arrived home, my mother told me about our house guest. Steve, the gay older family friend that lived out of town. He was visiting for the holidays, and my mother offered him a place to stay.

He was considerably older than me, perhaps 15 years. I was never too sure. Throughout my life it was whispered that he was gay, but in my conservative household, the subject was never broached in a formal matter.

He was incredibly cute. Anyone, male(unless the strictest of homophobes)  or female would fawn over his looks and his squared masculine jaw and his perfect body. He had eyes to die for and the nicest smile. I think the thing that made him so absolutely beautiful was his demeanor. Always giving, polite, sincere, and blatantly honest. 

The first couple of nights we hung out as a group. We went to the local bars and stayed out all night. He had no problem of his being out, and routinely commented on the men throughout the bar. Announcing every now and then how much he missed his lover, and that no one should be away from their lover for more than one day let alone two weeks. Every now and then he would give me a look and a smile, and then look away.

One particular evening we came home from the bars and sat around the kitchen table. As we were all drunk we began to talk about sex and endowments. I laughed and said I had not been graced by any means by heredity…. I blushed. He announced that the only good thing his father gave to him was his size. I looked down, and then I met his glance from across the table and he smiled. I swallowed hard and began to talk about my sexual exploits.

As the evening faded away, gradually everyone left or went to bed and we were alone at the kitchen table. A friend of mine landed on the couch that was Steve’s bed. With an air of disappointment, he remarked that the floor would be good for his back. I then offered that he could sleep in my bed, since it was a queen. Without a trace of an argument he thought that was a great idea.

We went upstairs to my room. We began to undress. I had a pair of red silk boxers on. He had a pair of white briefs. His bulge was enormous. He remarked about my boxers, and said that they were cute. I smiled.

We laid down next to one another, and I wondered if he could hear my heart drumming in my chest. We began to small talk and then out of the blue he asked me if I had ever been with a man before. Until this time, I had never confided my darkest, deepest secrets to another soul. I had felt ashamed and embarrassed, but to him I did. I told him about the porn store and the tears I had afterwards. 

His demeanor changed, and he rolled over and faced me. He told me how wonderful looking I had become. That he had seen me change, develop, and mature over the years. And then…. That he had wanted me for some time. I swallowed long and hard… and admitted that I had been checking him out the entire time he was there. I rolled over and looked at him, and very slowly and cautiously he inched his face toward me and kissed me. 

I opened my mouth and my soul to him. I felt his grizzled face against mine… and I felt my heart pound inside of my chest. His tongue went back and forth and his hands wrapped around me and slid all over my body. Awkwardly I tried to mirror the same things and feelings towards him. Rubbing his chest… his arms.. his legs… his back and his shoulders. I was in an emotional and sexual dreamland. He was beautiful, and for the night I was his to do as he pleased.

He drew closer to me, and I could feel his cock harden against his underwear and against my leg. Slowly and rhythmically he began to grind on my thigh. At that time, his hands wandered to my boxers. My cock was not hard, yet, and he stopped his kissing. He asked if I felt ok To which I responded immediately yes. I was incredibly nervous. He smiled and moved down and began to suck on my nipples and rub my cock. My hand slid down to his underwear and began to rub his hardened cock through it. 

Slowly and surely he worked his way down to my belly and then to my cock. I arched my hips and he expertly removed my boxers. He looked at me and asked if he could suck my cock. I could only nod.

His mouth enveloped my cock. Working up and down like no man or woman had before or since. Suppressing all amounts of moans screams and pleasures I bit into my pillow and enjoyed his hot mouth all over my cock. I moved my hands through his short hair and began to move my hips to his deep rhythmic sucks…. Being on the verge of cumming I tried to warn him…. I tried to pry his mouth off my cock, but he violently shook his head no…. until I shot my cum into his mouth. Exhausted I panted, cooed, and raved….it was incredible. I wanted him so badly. I needed him so badly.

I looked down and his cock was incredibly hard. I asked him to fuck me with it. I begged him to fuck me with it. He took it out and began to masturbate in front of me. It sheer size was mind numbing. The bulge was only a slight indication. His cock was enormous. Ten inches at least, and incredibly thick. 

I got on my hands and knees, but he turned me over and told me he would not fuck me like that. He placed a pillow under the small of my back and began to work a finger in and out of my ass. I closed my eyes and moaned. He asked if I had a lubricant, to which I responded no. He spit on his cock and onto his hand and rubbed my tight asshole. Begging me to relax, but my body would not. He placed his hardened cock against my ass, but because of its sheer size it would not fit in. I felt horrible, as if I had let him down.

After a few minutes of repeated attempts, he told me that he did not want to hurt me, and that we should stop for the night. I protested and told him that we could not, because he had not cum yet, but he shook his head and said it was alright. There would be a time and place for that.

With that he rolled over and went to sleep. 

For nearly a half an hour I listened to him snore. I kept thinking and wondering about his cock. He had not offered me to suck on it, and in the same instance I made no real effort to suck on his cock. 

I got up out of bed, and remembered the Vaseline that was in the medicine cabinet, and retrieved it. This, I thought surely, would settle the problem. I went and retrieved the Vaseline, and locked my bedroom door behind me. I placed the Vaseline underneath the bed and crawled in beside him. He had rolled off his stomach, and he was now on his back.

He had replaced his briefs, and his bulge was semi-gigantic still. With a nervous hand I reached down and brushed his cock through his underwear. Slowly but surely, I felt his cock harden. The tip peeked through the waist band… and at that time I moved down and licked the tip. It tasted wonderful. I slowly pulled down the waistband and looked closely at his cock. It was so immense. So masculine. So strong. I began to lick the shaft and suck lightly on the head. I heard a moan escape from his lips, and I looked up and his eyes were still tightly closed.

I attempted to deep throat his cock, but it was so big that I could barely get more than three or four inches in my mouth. After about five minutes, I received no response from him. No hands on my head. No utterances of don’t stop. Just a continued sleep. A deep sleeper I thought. 

I stopped paying homage to his cock, feeling a bit rejected. Very rejected actually. And I went to sleep.

I woke up a couple hours later. It was about 6 in the morning. I was sleeping on my side with my back to him. During the night he too had rolled on his side and he had slung his arm about me. I slowly pressed my ass against his cock. And began to grind against him. Shortly he began to grind against me. I could feel his cock harden once again, and in no time his hand had moved down from my chest to my hard cock. He began to stroke it… and I began to fuck against him faster and faster. I turned my head towards him and pleaded with him to fuck me. He told me he could not. That he was too big, and that I was too tight. I then reached under the bed and produced the Vaseline.

Immediately he stopped rubbing my cock. And took the jar into his hand. He excitedly asked if I was sure. To which I said yes. The drunken haze I was in had vanished at this point. I wanted to be fucked.

I could hear him lubing up his cock from behind me. He began to rub and lube up my asshole. I asked him about a condom, but he assured me he was safe. Although I contracted nothing from him, it is amazing what the power of wanting to be fucked will do to you, and I succumbed to the thought of him fucking me with no condom.

He asked me to get on my back, but I shook my head. I wanted to him to fuck me either doggy style or to spoon me. He did not protest, and he slowly worked his enormous cock into me. I will be completely honest and say it did not hurt as badly as I thought it would Perhaps it was because of my desire, perhaps it was because of his gentleness a a lover… whatever the situation may be, before I knew it he told me he was deep inside of me. 

I bucked against his deep thrusts and he hurriedly fucked me, once he saw my eagerness, my aggressiveness to having his cock deep in me. He places his hand on my hip and kissed my on my neck and ear, and told me how much he loved my sweet tight ass. 

Before long I felt his body tense up. I felt his cock planted the deepest it had been, and then he gave a soft moan and pushed everything he had into me. I knew he had just cum. It felt wonderful. He held his cock inside me for what seemed like an eternity, and slowly pulled the half hard cock out of my ass. I turned over and thanked him. He smiled at me and said anytime.

With that I got up, got dressed, and began to eat breakfast. Knowing that my sex life would never be the same after that.