 CHAPTER 5 – Kidnapped!

I has bin in da gang now for a month and I has never cum so much befo'. We has med loadsa vid's tho' not all get's used. 

I has moved inta me bro's room now, it's well cool, I especially likes ta snuggle up to him at night and we often end up fuckin'.

It's late an' I is on da bed naked playin' me PS3, I has a fuck off boner dat won't quit. I don't touch it coz Sean want's me ta save me cum for a new vid shoot called 'super shooters.' He reckons dat if I don't cum for a few days me load will be massive, not dat I don't cum big anyway. I hasna wanked or had sex now for four days, I is well frustrated.

Just den Carl walks in lookin' all worried.

"We got a problem," he sez not even lookin' at me boner which he has been teasin' for da last four days, fucker.

"Wot's up?"

"Jez were kidnapped last night," He sez all concerned.

"Wot, lil' Jez wiv da big nob?"

I is worried now, Jez is like a lil' bro to us an he only joined us last week. He's only 5'4" and well cute, an although he's 18 he look's about 14. We all love 'is cock tho' it's a massive 8 inches, looks well weird on his skinny lil' body.

"Yeah, we gots dis note, look," he hands me a piece of paper wiv cut out letters on.

"GIVE US £10,000 AND JEZ WON' CUM TO NO HARM. IF YA DON'T WE WILL CAPTURE MORE OF YA GANG UNTIL YA DO. JAKE IS NEXT"

I swallows hard, "ME?"

"We has ta get ya somewhere safe," Carl sez looking scared.

I is fuckin' shittin' it now. 

"Ya can stay at da den until....." Jus' den all da power goes off in da house, me hearts starts thumpin'.

"Fuck, wot's happened to da power?" Carl asks, "might be a blown fuse, I'll go an' check."

I goes to da window to see if da uver houses has power when I notice a black van parked outside our house."

"Carl?" I call out suddenly very nervous.

He's already gone downstairs so I fumble round an' try to find me clothes. I is crawlin' on da floor looking fo' me boxers when I find a trainer, finkin' it's mine I go to pick it up but it's stuck to da floor. Suddenly I realise der is a foot in it. I looks up an' see three men dressed in black wearing ski masks so I can't seez der faces.

"Fuck!" I sez as dey put a bag over me head and grab me. "CARL! HELP! CARL!" I shouts only to have someone stuff a sock in me gob.

I is strugglin' like fuck as dey carry me downstairs an' out into da van stark naked. I is worried about Carl, why didna he come when I called? Fuck I hope dey ain't hurt him!

De van starts up an' moves off as dey tie me 'ands up behind me back and me feet togever. I is not sure ow long we were drivin' seemed like foreva. I is shoutin' at dem to let me go but it's jus' cumin' out muffled. I is shittin' bricks, I has neva bin so scared.

I is den lifted up and put over a shoulder an' carried somewhere. I is put down, da floor is cold on me feet, like cold concrete. Me hands is untied den retied in front where I is den lifted up and me hands hooked on summat so I is now dangling. Someone runs der fingers over me sides lightly ticklin' me, I is too scared to laugh but I do wriggle and moan, dat's when I realise I has a fuckin' boner! I've had it since I was in da van! Wot da fuck! I den feel me legs get pulled apart an dem bein' tied too. I is hanging stark naked an' spread eagle, I feel well vulnerable.

De bag is taken off me head a blindin' light hits me in da eyes, it hurts like fuck an I can't see anyfink. A blindfold is den put on me and da gag taken out.

"LET ME GO YA BASTARDS! I'LL FUCKIN' KILL YA!" I Scream.

Suddenly summat smacks my ass hard, it hurts way mo' dan anyfink else I ever had.

"AAAARRRRRGGGHHH FUCK! YOU WANKERS! JUST YOU...."

WHACK!

Dat one was even harder! I is in tears now an' me ass is stinging like a bitch! My boner is rock hard an I remember wot happened last time I got paddled on me ass. I is scared to fuck but really fuckin' turned on! I donna want dem to know how scared I is so I still try an' act tough.

"YOU CUNTS! ME GANG IS GONNA..."

WHACK!

Fuck me! Me ass is on fire an' I is sobbin' like a bitch now, tears am drenching da blindfold.

"ARRGHH! S-S-STOP, P-P-P-LEASE!" I sob.

WHACK!

I decides perraps I should shut the fuck up, maybe dey would stop den. So I do and fuck me dey do stop. I realise I were close to shootin' me wad but da pain were too much to carry on.

"Why ya doin' dis?" I sob, "why ya hurtin me?"

Dey say nuffin', I can hear some movement but dey don't speak. I den feel someone lickin' an suckin' me nads. Not only that but der is anuva tongue on me ring piece and someone else suckin' me nob.

"Oh fuck!" I gasp, it feels fucking amazing! I is pantin' now and groanin' loudly.

I is well confused, if dis is a kidnap to get money from me gang why is dey givin' me so much pleasure?

Den I feel bofe me nipples bein' sucked, licked and bitten, Fuck me if der ain't five of dem! I is in sensory overload now, it's da best feelin' I have eva felt. Not havin' cum for four days means I is ready to blow me wad in no time. I finks about tellin' em to stop coz I ain't supposed to cum, but I finks 'Fuck it', I is so desperate to shoot. 

Da fuckers on me ass an' balls move to da bit in de middle and dey meet befo' goin' back to me hole and nads. I is groanin' like a bitch now as the ones on me nob is suckin' right down to me shaved pubes. I starts tremblin' an me nads have gone super tite, I feels me orgasm racin' up an' I try to stifle a cry but dey musta known cuz de bastards suddenly all stop.

"ARRRGHH FUCK! DON'T STOP! I WERE GONNA CUM! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" I shout shaking on da edge of me orgasm. I frantically shove me groin forward and tense tryin' to force me orgasm. "URRGH! PLEASE! MEK ME CUM! DON'T LEAVE ME LIKE DIS!" I begs.

Suddenly I is covered in ice cold water, I scream. "ARRRRRGHHHH! FUCK! IT'S FUCKIN' FREEZIN'"

I hang der shiverin' an' realise me nob is goin' soft, I guess ice cold water would do dat to ya. 

Everyfin' goes quiet, I struggle to break free but it's no use, I'm trussed up like a guddun. I can hear dem movin' around, even some whisperin' but nuffin' happens, I is so on edge not knowin' wot dey am gonna' do next.

Suddenly I feel hands on me, lotsa hands, I can't tell 'ow many but dey is rubbing oil in me skin. De hands am everywhere, up me arms, me chest, me sides, me feet, me legs, thighs, me ass an' me nob an' bollocks. I is in fucking heaven! Dey are bein' really sensual too causin' me to moan and groan, someone is massaging an' fingerin' me hole while some one else is strokin' me cock real slow mekin' it hard as nails again. I throws me head back and savour this amazin' sensation, deze bastards am givin' me pain an' pleasure like I never knew. I is smothered in oil mekin me skin feel alive an' I is back in sensory overload as der hands an' fingers slither, stroke, tickle an' tease me sensitive skin. I is close to orgasm again, an' I is determined to bust me nut. I try me best not to let on I is about to shoot but I guess with the heavy pantin' an' me body tremblin' it were pretty obvious because de fuckers stop again just as I am about to blast off.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! PLLLEEEEEEAAAAAASSSSSEEEE!" I cry, "PLEASE MEK ME CUM! I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT! JUST MEK ME CUM!"

Da silence is killin' me, "Please talk to me, who are you?" I realise I is sobbin' again.

Suddenly I is drenched in Ice cold water agin, I scream wiv' de shock. After a pause dey are back rubbin' de oil in me skin and teasin' me cock. Dey do dis five fuckin' times, gettin' me close to shootin' den chuckin' ice cold water on me. 

After wot seemed like hours I is den lowered, thank fuck!, me arms am killin' me. Dey release me legs too an' drag me off. I is med to lay face down on sum sorta bench. It feels like leva on me chest an is cold. Me arms am tied to either side of de bench near de floor so I can't lift me body, me head is stickin' over de end. Me legs am moved so I is kneelin' an' strapped to de bench which means me ass is up in de air. 

"Oh fuck!" I gasp, I know dat dey are going to fuck me now. Me hole feels well vulnerable.

First I feel a tongue at me hole, whoever it is is fucking expert, it feels wonder-fucking-ful! At de same time someone has pulled me knob right back an' is suckin' on it. I moans like a bitch again.

Someone den grabs me head an' pulls it up. Something is pressin' at me lips an' I realise it's his knob, I is so turned on I don't complain an' suck it deep as I can. Fuckin' 'ell 'es got a biggun! I is gaggin' big time but lovin' it!

I den feel sumat cold on me ring piece an' I realise I is bein' lubed. I can feel fingers probing me shitter an' slippin' in side. I groan as I suck on the big dick in me mouf. De ova fucker dat woz suckin' me has stopped an' is slowly strokin' me knob.

I den feel somat pressin' at me hole, it's too cold to be someone's knob and I realise it's a dildo. I relax, I am well horny now to resist an' I actually want to be fucked! Dey press harder and I feel me sphincter stretch when suddenly it slips in. Dat's when de pain hits me, I try to pull off de knob and cry out but he has me held good and me cry's am muffled by de big dick in me gob. How fuckin' big is dis dildo? Dey hold it der until de pain passes den I feel it slowly sliding in deep. I groans as it slips over me sweet spot an' soon I is filled with dildo.

I is in sex fuckin' heaven, wot wiv me ass filled wiv a big fuck off dildo, me gob around a nice big knob and some fucker strokin' me boner like an expert.

The bloke I is suckin' starts to temble an' I can tell 'e is about to blow 'is wad. I sucks 'arder but he pulls me head off his boner. I moans in frustration, I wants it back in me mouf, I wants to taste 'is cum. I opens me mouth wide an' I stick me tongue out tryin' to get it back in when I feels his jism hit me in de face. He is cummin' big, lots is blastin' in me gob an' I is fucking luvin' it.

De taste of spunk in me gob is so sweet, an' as it fills me mouf de dildo is rammed hard in me butt. I is rite on de fuckin' edge of cummin' meself but the bastards stop again. As de dick is pulled out me mouf I starts cryin'.

"Awwww, pluuueeeeze let me cum!" dis is real fuckin' torture!

Anover cock is den shoved in me gob so I starts suckin' on it while I is sobbin'. De dildo is pulled out and de bench creaks, I realise someone is gettin' on it over me, den I feel a dick slip in me 'ole. He's big and 'e fills me ole rite up, it feels fuckin' ace man. Some uver fucker is playin' wiv me knob agin and gettin' me on de edge.

De do dis to me for friggin hours man, I lose count 'ow many times dey fuck me and stick der knobs in me mouf, an' still dey ain' let me cum, man I is fuckin' freakin' now!

Next fing I know I is untied and turned over so I is now on me back wiv me legs on me chest an' tied down. Den I feel anuva dilo at me 'ole, as it slips in I realise it's fuckin' massive, way bigger den de last one, it really stretches me man.

"JEESUS FUCKIN' CHRIST!" I yell, "Ow big is dat fucker!" I 'ear someone giggle.

It keeps slidin' in an' it don't seem ta stop, I can feel it rite up in me gut and it feels fuckin' amazin'. I guess it was all de way in den as dey starts pullin' it back out, I am fuckin' lovin' dis. While dey are doin' dis someone is strokin' me cock real real slow like while overs am strokin' and ticklin' me skin all over, some twats even suckin' me toes. 

Dey starts rammin' de dildo in me hard now an I is screamin' wiv de pain an' ecstasy of it. I is taken right up on de edge again, me 'ole body is hyper sensitive like and every muscle in me body is shakin' badly.

I screams out "UURRRRRGGHH FUUUUCCCKKK! PLEASE LET ME CUM! ARRRRRGHHHH FUCKIN' CHRIST ALMIGHTY LET ME CUM!"

De twat stroking me knob goes even slower, It's really fuckin' torture man. My body shakes even more violently as I am brought rite to de top, de dildo rammin' hard up be butt. I suddenly realise I is now past de point of no return.

"YEEEES! FUUUUCCCKKK! NNNNNNNNNNNGG!" I scream and me orgasm hits me like a fuckin' tidal wave, it is fuckin' monstrous man, de most intense orgasm I have eva had in me 'ole life. I is screamin' at the top of me lungs wiv pure pure relief. I wish I didna 'ave de blindfold on so I cud see me spunk blastin' out me cock but I can feel it splashin' on me body.

I head someone say, "Wow!" I know dat fuckin' voice.

Someone else says "Awesome!" I know dat fuckin' voice too.

When me eruption finishes I is fuckin' whacked, I lies der pantin' heavy like as dey tek out de dildo. I den get me breaf back enuf to speak.

"Carl? Wayne?"

I feels someone pull off me blindfold, everyfink is blurry, I blink and slowly realise dat Carl, Wayne, Sean and Nat holdin' a video camera am all smilin' at me, Even de new kid Jez is der an' anova kid called Tyrone, dey am all stark bollock naked.

"Wot de fuck!" I sez.

Carl kisses me den sez, "You were awesome bro."

"Wot's goin' on?"

"We got an order for a kidnap vid but we wanted it to look proper real like so we set you up to get abducted." Sean sez.

"Yeah an it was real fuckin' horny too, I cum twice man, once in ya gob and once up ya ass," Wayne adds.

"Jeez ya bastards! I was fuckin' shittin' bricks man!" I sez, "Ya culd 'ave fuckin' told me."

"Na bro, it wuld 'ave spoilt it, we needed you to be scared for real," Carl sez.

Dey untie me an I starts laffin', real hard, de bastards got me real good.

Nat comes over wiv de video cam, "You gotta see your cum shot man, it was friggin' awesome."

He rewinds de tape and presses play, I starts gettin' a boner when I seez meself tied up on me back with Sean rammin' a massive twelve inch dildo up me shitter. Wayne is strokin' me cock an' I gasp in amazement as me cum shoots up in de air, I reckon at least six feet, and der is ton's of it, de most I have ever seen.

"I ain't neva seen anyone cum like dat befo," Tyrone sez.

"We is gonna 'ave ta edge you more often man, that was freakin' amazin'" Sean sez.

I look at me body an' I am plastered in me cum, "Fuck, 'ow am I gonna clean dis up?" I ask.

Dey all grin an' soon four tongues am lickin' me body, I quickly pop anuva boner.

Call kisses me an sez, "I 'ope we didna scare you too much bro."

"I did ta start wiv', but when ya started strokin' me body it was well nice," I reply, "an' dat were de best fuckin' orgasm ever man, I fought I were gonna explode!"

Carl laffs an' kisses me agin. Soon we end up havin' an orgy, even Nat joins in after puttin' de cam on a tripod to video it.