 Arthur was working out in the local YMCA gym. He had been lifting weights for months but no matter how hard he tried he couldn't build any real muscle. He had developed some nice little abs and some nice little delts and a nice little core and some nice little biceps. When he complained to his friends they couldn't understand it, he looked in shape to them. But Arthur didn't want to just be "in shape," what he wanted was to be big. He had the body of a gymnast when he desired the body of gladiator. His body image problem was affecting his love life; his girlfriend broke up with him because he spent all his free time at the gym, he figured she broke up with him because he wasn't muscular enough. He was convinced if he could just develop huge ropey muscles, like the men in his fitness magazines, he would be happy.

Arthur bought stacks of these magazines. He would stare at the stacked Adonis on the cover and wonder what his secret was; there must be a secret. He did everything right. He switched to a high protein diet, stretched, did the workouts until he could barely move, but still he remained a puny little girly man.

One day while Arthur was doing curls with a dumb bell, nearly killing his arm, a man with near perfect definition walked into the YMCA and sat down at a weight bench. Arthur didn't recognize him at first but after staring for a few minutes he realized he knew that guy. It was Mathew! They had graduated high school together 5 years ago and here he was clad only in a pair of tight stretchy shorts, looking like a fucking tank. Mathew was ripped. His muscles were bulging obscenely as he lay down at a weight bench and started lifting. This was the first time Arthur had seen him since high school and it was a jarring transformation. Back then they were both skinny nerds, but somehow Mathew had figured out the secret and turned himself into Hercules.

Suddenly his eyes met Mathew's; he quickly looked away. Arthur must have been staring at him for at least ten minutes while he held that dumbbell up. He dropped it with a thud on the ground and massaged his sore arm. He was embarrassed to be caught staring, he didn't want Mathew to think he was a fag or something. He just needed to know how the guy did it. A few minutes latter Arthur followed him to the showers and stood near him as an entire room full of muscular men showered beside them. Slowly the other men cleared out and Mathew and Arthur remained. Mathew was taking an awful long time, rubbing the hot water into every sore muscle he had. Arthur wondered if that was his secret so he did the same. Suddenly he noticed they were now alone. Arthur was nervous. They were both standing there naked.

That's when Mathew turned off his shower faucet and faced Arthur.

"You probably assume I do steroids, right?"

Arthur was startled by this; his old classmate had clearly noticed all the staring and even knew what it was about. Far in the back of his mind Arthur thought Mathew might be using steroids, but he didn't want to admit it. If Mathew was juicing then his heroes in the magazines were probably juicing as well, and he found that idea very upsetting.

"No way man," Arthur replied, "I'm just a little shocked by how much you've grown... I mean, changed since high school. Mathew, it's me Arthur." 

"I go by Matt now, and I remember you. You haven't changed a bit."

Matt walked out of the shower room to the locker room. He retrieved a towel from his locker and put it around his waist. Arthur raced back from his locker to Matt's with his towel around his waist.

"Well you've changed quite a bit. We used to have pretty much the same body. What's the secret, man? Is it the powders, the protein shakes, the supplements?" 

Matt laughed, "Well you're almost right, I do use a sort of supplement. It's not hardest thing in the world to acquire so I'm always amazed not everyone knows about it. You could probably say I found the secret to perfect abs. Perfect biceps, perfect calves. Perfect everything."

"What is the secret, man? I'll try anything thing, I feel like I've tried everything."

Matt got a wicked smile across his face, "Oh, I'll bet you haven't tried everything."

"What do you mean?"

"Do you know what steroids are supposed to do?" Matt asked. Arthur thought he did but he waited for Matt to continue.

"Guys shoot steroids because it increases their bodies' testosterone output. Testosterone encourages muscle growth but steroids are unnatural and they can have unwelcome side effects. They shrink your testicles, give you acne, and damage your heart. But what would you say if I told you that you could find pure testosterone from a safe and natural source. Not only will this substance not shrink your balls, it will make them bigger. I'd tell you what it is but I'm not sure you could handle it."

"You've got to tell me!" Arthur felt like he was about to be sold something but he didn't care. He'd buy anything at this point. 

"Every day after my workout I go to an apartment on the west side and I pay a man who looks like a black Incredible Hulk 100 dollars to suck his cock. It's in the semen and it has to be fresh, and it has to be from a man producing an excess amount of testosterone. The testosterone you consume from his semen then goes to your muscles and goes to your balls, enlarging them along with your penis. With your balls bigger you are producing more testosterone and your muscles can grow larger then your body would otherwise allow. Eventually you start producing so much testosterone you become a tank. And it's all natural."

Matt dropped his towel on the locker room floor revealing a massive uncut horse cock and matching huge pare of balls. "You wanted the secret, huh? Just like everyone else. Well it's right here, swinging in front of you. The question is, are you man enough to take it?"

"I'm not gay Matt, I can't suck you off."

"I'm not gay either, I've got a girlfriend for Christ's sake! And she never would of looked twice at me if I hadn't started putting on the muscle."

"Fuck off Matt, you're sick. You're a sick queer and you're just fucking with my head to get me to blow you. Well I'm out of here."

As Arthur walked away Matt laughed. "I was just trying to do you a favor, little man. Go ahead and join a private gym, drink a protein shake, see how much good it does you."

Arthur did just that. He bought powders, workout tapes, spent time with a personal trainer at a new gym. Two months passed and Arthur stood in front of the mirror. He looked small. The muscles he had gained were puny, he went onto a scale and he'd actually lost weight. That was impossible! He was supposed to be getting jacked and he looked as small as he ever was. He had spent thousands of dollars, all for nothing.

Later that night he had a dream. It was hot and insane and scary and sexy and when he woke up all he could remember was in the dream he was big. Arthur then noticed the wet spot in the front of his boxers. With some hesitation he reached out and place his finger in the goo. He brought it to his lips. It wasn't too bad, kind of salty. Fine, Arthur decided to return to the YMCA and look for Matt. What did he have to loose?

Arthur returned to the old gym and immediately found him. He was bench-pressing more weight then seemed humanly possible and he looked like even bigger then Arthur remembered.

Arthur nervously approached his weight bench. "Uh, hey man, remember me. I was thinking and I might be interested in that supplement you offered."

"Yeah, I thought you would be," Matt crudely reached down to adjust his crotch. "Look at you, I bet you haven't gained a single pound of muscle since we met. I guess I'll do you this favor, meet me in the locker room in 20 minutes."

20 minutes latter Arthur was facing Matt in the locker room. Matt was again coming out of the shower room but this time he didn't grab a towel. He just pointed at his junk.

"Right here right now, I'm a busy man." His massive uncut thing dangled there.

"What if someone walks in, can't we go to your car or something?"

"No time, now get to sucking bitch, someone could walk in any minute."

Arthur could not believe he was letting this guy call him a bitch. But instead of walking away he surprised himself by kneeling in front of Matt's massive frame and he hesitantly took the spongy flaccid cock in his hand; it was like a wrinkly coke can. Grimacing he licked the head while he ran his fingers around the member and squeezed it like a rubber ducky. Suddenly Arthur felt dizzy.

"I don't know if I can go through with this, man."

"Quit your whining and start your moaning. You've go 5 minutes to make me orgasm, starting now, so you better get into it. Remember, no cum no perfect abs."

Arthur looked up at Matt's perfect body, still wet and shinny from the shower. He wanted a body like that more than anything in the world. Fuck it, he thought, he was going to do this. Arthur tried to remember what his ex-girlfriend used to do to him and he decided to just pretend as if he was she. He pointed the spongy head upwards and put his mouth on it, slobbering all over it. Saliva dripped copiously from his mouth to both of his hands as he jacked the unit. Matt let out a groan.

"What a good little whore, I'm starting to feel something." Matt put his left hand on Arthur's head as his snake began to grow. Swirling his tongue around Matt's cock, Arthur couldn't help but notice the taste, he didn't mind it. It tasted like manliness. It felt like the treatment was all ready working as the cock grew in his mouth, his jaw gapping wider then he thought it could. He swallowed the salty taste off the soft skin of the cock and kept bobbing on it while he jacked it.

A man walked into the locker room and saw them. He quickly grabbed his gym bag and walked out.

"Oh yeah, that's good but you better step up your game, we've been spotted faggot."

Arthur posed for a moment, someone else seeing them made it real. He wanted to get mad at being called a faggot but how could he with a huge penis in his mouth. Suddenly he wasn't just doing an impression of his girlfriend sucking cock but he realized he was sucking cock. As if on cue Matt started singing, "You've got my sausage in you mouth! How does it feel bitch, how does my big hard cock feel in your wet mouth. Jingle balls, jingle balls, jingle all the way!" Arthur was mortified with what he'd become, but he'd gone too far not complete this so with the huge ten-inch horse cock in his mouth he started really bobbing and slobbering and sucking on it as hard as he could. 

Matt grabbed the back of he head and started face fucking him hard. Over and over he kept singing jingle balls until Arthur found he singing it himself to, though it just came out as garbled sounds with a cock in his mouth. It was insane. Arthur had been getting about five inches down his throat but now it was all going in and he was gagging. He could barely breathe so he needed to speed this up before he choked to death. He whipped some of the saliva drooling off his bottom lip and started massaging it into Matt's massive balls while he got his face penetrated. 

Suddenly Matt's sack tightened up and Arthur knew what was coming. He got scared and almost pulled away, slipping off Matt's grip on his head, but then he remembered his goal, how much he needed those big muscles to be his, and placed his lips around the head and circled it's flesh with his tongue. Matt groaned and a geyser of cum flooded into Arthur's mouth. He gulped and gulped, gagging at the salty disgusting fluid entering his stomach past his tongue. It was so rank and so strong, it tasted so much stronger then his own had, like it was super concentrated, and there was so much of it. Finally the flow stopped and Matt pulled his member out from between Arthur's lips. Arthur's entire mouth was full of this disgustingly bitter/salty cum, and with all his might he forced himself to swallow the rest of it. He felt like all his muscles were tingling.

"You feel it, don't you? That's my spunk taking affect. Soon you won't be gagging when you think of the taste, it gets addictive faster then you'd think. Follow me to my car, I think I have one more deposit in me at least."

Arthur felt nauseas. He was coughing semen out of his lungs into his towel. He felt dirty, like he could take a million showers and never get clean. But he also felt strong, and almost kind of high. Despite telling himself not to, he silently followed Matt to his car. He told himself this second BJ would be the last one he ever gave, but he knew deep down he was lying.