 I stood outside of Miguel's apartment. I looked down at the messages we had exchanged to double check that I was at the right door. It was vital. I scrolled up a little bit more to reread another message he had sent to me. 

Miguel: Rule #5- You're not allowed to wear any clothes in my apartment. Yeah, that means you have to get undressed before you come inside. 

I looked around to see if anyone was looking. Thankfully, it was evening so there was less light. I swallowed hard and took my shoes and socks off first. Then, I quickly dropped my pants and underwear to the ground. I got out of them as fast as I could and tore my shirt from myself. Just like that, I was standing outside this guy's door butt naked. I gathered up my clothes and grabbed the doorknob. It was locked. 

My heart dropped in my chest. I jiggled it some and then knocked. I huddled closer to the door, covering my junk in particular. My ass, on the other hand, was exposed for anyone to see. I listened and heard footsteps approaching the door. With every passing second, my adrenaline pumped even harder. I heard a passing car and jumped. Miguel could not open the door fast enough. 

"Jordan?" a voice asked from the inside of the apartment. 

"Yes, sir," I answered. I had remembered another one of his rules. 

Miguel: Rule #2- You will only address me as 'sir.' Nothing else will be accepted. 

The door unlocked and the doorknob turned. I knew that it would be a bad move to shove my way in, so I waited patiently even though I was potentially seconds away from being charged with indecent exposure. 

The door opened and Miguel was behind it. I entered and set my clothes down by the shoe rack. The door closed behind me, and Miguel walked to the couch without even giving me a second glance. He was wearing basketball shorts and a regular T-shirt. He sat down on the couch and finally looked at me. 

"Well?" He said and motioned for me to come to his feet. I went to pick up one of my feet, but another rule hit me. 

Miguel: Rule #3- Walking is a privilege in my apartment. Unless I say otherwise, you will crawl wherever you need to go. 

Instead, I lowered myself to the carpeted floor and began to crawl towards him. Thankfully, the ground was soft on my hands and knees. Miguel watched as I crawled over to him. I stopped at his feet and awaited instruction. Miguel smirked and raised his feet up. He simply snapped, and I went back to my hands and knees. I got into position, and he rested his feet on my back. 

I waited there for what felt like forever. Miguel was watching some tv drama that I had never seen before. It had to be pretty far into the season because everything was so confusing from what I heard. Even if I turned my head as far as it could go, the coffee table obstructed my view of the tv. 

While I waited for things to escalate, I inspected the ground in front me since there was nothing else to do. I saw a few dust bunnies just under the couch. There was a men's magazine on the lower level of the coffee table. If I looked forward, there was a kitchen and dining table. As I thought about what I was doing and what was going to happen, my dick started to inflate. It would go back down when I realized nothing was happening yet. It came and went for the duration of his show. 

There was a sudden blast of music that came from the tv. I could only assume that the show's credits were rolling. I waited eagerly for Miguel's next move. He stretched out and groaned. I looked up and wore the question on my face; What should I do next, sir?

"Go get me a drink. A beer," he said flatly. He lifted his feet off of me, and I crawled away. The tile was cold and hard on my skin. It was pretty uncomfortable compared to where I had been for the past twenty or so minutes. 

I reached the fridge and lifted my body up to my knees. I opened the door and felt the cold air hit my naked body. My balls retreated into me for warmth. I scanned the contents and found a beer can in the door's shelf. I grabbed it and crawled away. This time, it was more difficult because I couldn't shake up the can. As I lifted the cold beer up to him, I recalled another rule. 

Miguel: Rule #4- You will be my servant and obey me while you are in my apartment. Even if it isn't sex-related. 

"Open it for me," he said, rejecting the can. 

"Yes, sir," I replied. I pulled the tab back until it popped open. I offered him the drink once more, and this time, he took it. I watched as he took a drink and set it down on a coaster.

"Well, shall we?" He asked me, rising to his feet. 

"Yes, sir," I said eagerly. He went around the coffee table and headed to his bedroom. I crawled after him, having to go quickly to match his pace. I reached the bedroom doorframe just in time to see him lay down on his bed. In the time it had taken me to catch up, he had removed his clothing. He laid on his stomach and looked my way. I crawled towards him and waited before I got onto the bed. 

"Eat my ass," he said. That was directly related to rule number one. 

Miguel: Rule #1- You will do what I say, when I say it. No arguments. 

I got up and got onto the bed behind him. His ass was glorious. Those two perfect cheeks were beautiful. I didn't have a very strong tendency to be a top, but his ass brought out what there was of it in me. 

I placed my hands on each of his mounds and spread them apart. I lowered my face to his ass and opened my mouth. The first taste of his hole was so good. I had been craving the taste of him since I first messaged him, and now I was getting it. I felt the bumps and creases of his hole with my tongue. I had been salivating enough to get him wet pretty quickly. 

I flicked and licked his opening as much as I could. I pushed his cheeks apart even more to get a deeper angle. My entire mouth closed around his hole as I went harder and harder with my tongue. I heard a small moan escape from him, and I couldn't help but smile. I knew I was doing good. 

I pushed my face deeper into his ass so much so that I couldn't breathe for a second. I pulled away for a second to catch my breath. I looked as saw his asshole shining with my spit. I dove right back in and started to fuck him with my tongue. I could feel my tongue going into him. His hole gripped around my tongue as I slid it around. He moaned again, louder this time. 

Without saying anything, Miguel turned his body, and my contact with his hole broke. I held myself over his body as he flipped over to reveal his raging cock. It was just as amazing as it was in the pictures he had sent. I couldn't help but stare at it for a moment. It was such a sight to see. 

"It's not gonna suck itself," Miguel said, bringing me back to reality. 

I grabbed the base of his massive cock and aimed it directly at me. Even holding it gave me chills. I didn't know there were dicks that we're that nice. I lowered my head once more and parted my lips.

I engulfed his head first, licking around it to get it wet. I felt every bit of his head. I licked his slit and found that it was dripping precum. I then lowered even more to take in more of his monster. He tasted so good, and I couldn't get enough of it. 

I sucked more and more until I was bobbing up and down on his cock at a even rate. The sounds of suction and wetness filled the room. I reached under to hold his balls as well. Miguel's hand reached out and held onto the back of my head. He forced me to go deeper than I was. It hit the back of my throat, and my eyes watered up. I looked up to his face as I sucked, and saw that he was on his phone. It looked like he was texting somebody. At first, I thought that that was really inconsiderate, but then, I remember a rule. 

Miguel: Rule #6- There will be no complaint about the things I do. I don't want to hear it. 

I eventually got to pull off of him. My hand stayed wrapped around his shaft though. I stroked him, and he smiled at me as I did. I reached down to my own cock for the first time and touched myself lightly. I shivered at the feeling, and it showed on my face. 

"Doggy style. Now," he said, getting off of the bed. I did as he said and let my ass face him. I took the liberty to lube up my hole back at my own apartment before heading this way. 

Miguel grabbed either side of my hips and placed his cock. He then shoved himself inside of me. It went it quickly and with a pop. It was a lot to take in at once. I whined at the feeling and buried my face in the sheets. 

He had no patience for my hole. Miguel was quick to start pounding my tight ass. I've used a dildo larger than him before, but it took a lot of lube and way more time. Miguel fucked me like he was fucking a sex toy. It hurt a little bit, but it slowly turned to pleasure. He pounded his thick head into my sweet spot, and I felt my cock start leaking. 

I couldn't help but moan loudly. There were too many feelings going on at once. I cried out as he drilled my ass. The clapping between my cheeks and his hips got louder and louder. I let out another deep moan as he slowed his pace but went deeper. 

Miguel's hand then covered my mouth. My whines were muffled by it, and I realized how loud I had gotten. His cock then disappeared from my hole. It was such a relief to have him out of me. It didn't take long for him to push me over and onto my back. I looked up at him as he reentered me and continued fucking. 

Miguel had grabbed both of my legs and held them out as he plowed into me. I was flexible enough so that it didn't hurt my legs, so that was a plus. He wouldn't have cared either way. I was literally just a fuck to him. He let his head fall back as he bit his lip. 

"Such a tight hole," he remarked as he fucked. Then, he bent over me and got closer. He bucked his hips harder into me, and his cock went deeper. My whole body slid along the bed, and my head banged into the wall. 

He released my legs as he bent his entire body over me and kept fucking. With each thrust, my head hit the wall. I was so horny though that the pain didn't register. 

After a few moment of him fucking me into the wall, his arms scooped me up. Before I knew it, he was carrying me and walking out of the bedroom. He took me to his living room couch again. He did this all without taking himself out of me. 

We stood over one end of the couch, and he slid his cock out of me. Following that, he dropped me to the cushion. I bounced slightly and regained my balance after. Miguel took a seat next to me and pointed his dick to the ceiling. 

"Ride it," he said. I didn't even hesitate. I jumped up and got over his lap.

"Face the other way," he said to me as I lowered myself. I turned around and faced away from him. I lowered my body until I felt his cock pop back into me. I starting pulsing up and down on him until he was balls deep once more. It took a lot of muscle to bounce on his lap for as long as I did. I definitely got a workout in. 

"Shit," Miguel said sharply from behind me. 

I felt both of his hands on my back as they pushed me off of him. It was all very sudden. I was thrown off balance, and I fell to the floor in front of him. 

From the ground, I turned around just in time to watch him jerk himself off to completion. I watched as his white ropes launched onto his torso. He kept going until no more could be milked from him. I sat on the floor and did the same to myself. I shot a lot of cum. It hit all over me, and some hit the floor as well. I caught my breath and watched as his cock began to deflate. Then, the final rule appeared in my head. 

Miguel: Rule #7- Once we are finished, you will clean me up without my assistance. 

I got up off the floor and grabbed a box of tissues that were on the coffee table. Miguel sat back and rested as began to wipe his cum off of his torso. It was so warm through the tissues. I made sure I got every bit of it before going to throw them away. I crawled to the trash can and tossed them. 

"That was hot," I commented to him, sitting in front of him. 

"Yeah. Now get out," Miguel replied. I was shocked a bit, even though I knew I shouldn't have. I crawled to the door without question and grabbed my clothes. I went to put my underwear on. 

"Number five," he said from the couch. I slumped my shoulders and grabbed all of my clothes. I left his apartment and hastily got dressed outside. I don't think anybody saw me that day, but who can know for sure. Once dressed, I darted to my car and drove back home. 

What a ride.