 It was about 10 in the morning when Mom suggested that I cross the field to our new neighbors to invite him over to dinner. He has moved in a couple of weeks earlier and frankly Mom was hoping to find him "eligible". We had heard that he was newly retired and in his early sixties. I thought that was a little old for Mom; after all she was in her early 40s. But she was desperate to find a man who could provide her with the economic support that was lacking ever since Dad ran off. So, I headed out across the field when saw him heading for his shed.

We each lived on three acres "ranchettes" out in the country. We raised sheep on ours, and we suspected that he was going have some sort of barnyard animal because that was why we and all of our neighbors lived in the country anyway. I hike through our back acreage and crossed the fence into his property. I should have walked down our road, than gone down the highway until I came to his street and walked back up it, but I was feeling lazy and for the most part all of the neighbors felt free to walk on each other's land. We were that sort of community.

I had seen him go into his shed through my kitchen window. He was wearing shorts and nothing else, so I figured he was going to be doing some work in his shed. It was already in the mid-90s and going to be a hot day. It would be even hotter in a shed, so I could understand why he was not wearing much. I hiked about 200 yards and came up onto his shed.

I guess I should have been making some sort of noise, but it never occurred to me that I might surprise him and he me, but when I reached the shed and looked into the door, he was completely nude except for some sort of black thing sticking in his asshole. Being rather naive, I had never realized that men stick things up their asses and I let out a gasp in surprise. He looked over his shoulder and stood up from the floor he was working on. As he faced me, my eyes were drawn to his tiny dick which was surrounded by a cock ring. I later realized that it was attached to the plug in his butt, but at that moment all I could think of was that I had never seen such a small penis.

He grinned when he saw me, and I noticed the faint stirrings of his cock as he realized that he was standing naked in front of a young man.

"Hi", he said. "Who are you?"

"I'm John, from the house behind you," I said, my voice breaking with embarrassment. "My Mom sent me over to see if you would like to come over for dinner this week."

"That would be very nice," he responded. "I'm Richard, and it is nice to meet you, John."

My face got redder as I realized that he was looking at me, not just my face, but my whole body, and it seemed to me that he kept coming back to me crotch. I realized that I was aware that his cock was not the only one that was stirring in arousal. My own cock was beginning to push against my pants, I was suddenly frightened. I had never had such a reaction in the presence of another guy, and I was afraid that he might think that I was a queer. Having just finished High School in my small rural community I would think of nothing worse than being labeled a faggot, and yet at that moment I realized that I was being turned on by the sight of a grossly overweight man with a small prick and something stuck up his ass. I realized that for the first time in my life, I wanted to stick my cock into an asshole, and fuck it.

I was very inexperienced then. I had engaged in heavy petting with some girls in High School, but in the sort of small, close knit community I lived in, girls did not put out all the way. The best you could hope for was to have them feel you through your pants and perhaps get your hand under their bra if they were really "loose." And no guy in his right mind would let his gaze fall upon another's dick for any length of time less they be branded as a fairy forever. So when I saw Richard's prick, I was actually for the first time in my life having the opportunity to look at another man's meat. And it was turning me on. Just looking at his naked body standing there in the shed was my first true sexual encounter beyond masturbation. And the horrible thing was that Richard knew I was becoming sexually exited. I could tell every time I glanced up to his face. And I knew it for sure when he spoke again.

"How old are you, John?" he asked. "Eighteen" I mumbled in return. 

"You're telling me the truth, aren't you, because I would not want to get in trouble." 

"Yes, sir. I turned eighteen three months ago."

"Well that's good, because to tell you the truth, I would like to eat something right now, I would not want to break the law."

"Sir?" I stammered.

"I want to eat the piece of meat that is pushing against your pants. Have you ever had a blow job, son?"

"No sir," I nervously responded.

"Why don't you come in here than and take your clothes off. I can promise you that we will both leave this shed happier."

Almost against my will I walked into the shed. It was about 10 feet by 20 feet, the ceiling eight feet tall. I stood nervously in the center of the room until Richard told me to take my clothes off. I fretfully removed my shirt undoing the buttons slowly, wishing I was anywhere but here, wanting to run away as fast as I could and yet strangely excited. Kicking off my boots, I slowly removed my Jeans. As the waistband slipped past my prick, it pushed its way against my briefs, forming a large tent in them.

"My, it looks like you are nicely endowed." Richard said. "Show me how big you really are, John."

Reluctantly I lowered my underwear and my dong leapt free, hard and erect, my head glistening in the shadowy light of the shed. I had never felt it so tight, so big, even in my most frenzied masturbatory experience. Realizing that this was the first time anyone had ever seen me erect, I started to hide myself, yet my hand dropped away as Richard stated matter-of-factly "That's one of the nicest cocks I have ever seen. I bet you are at least eight inches long. Nice girth, too, I can hardly wait to feel it fill my ass."

I did not quite hear what he had said; instead I watched in dull amazement as he stepped towards me and then knelt on the floor in front of my cock. He reached up and cupped my balls as he opened his mouth and placed it around my engorged meat. Closing his mouth softly on my prick, he rested in place, allowing me to adjust to the new feel of a warm, wet mouth surrounding my dick. Than he slowly began to move his head back and forth, forcing my dick into his mouth and then withdrawing it.

For all the times I had jack off, I had never experience such a sensation. It was the most remarkable thing that I had ever felt, my prick being enveloped by his mouth, and almost instinctively I began to move back and forth towards his face. Releasing my balls, he placed both hand on the cheeks of my ass and began pulling me into him, and then releasing me as I backed out only to pull me deeper into his mouth. And then, suddenly I could not control it. The feelings were so intense that I exploded in his mouth, my cock jerking again and again as I poured my sperm into his throat.

It is hard to say just what I felt than. In a way, I was embarrassed because it seemed to me that I had come awfully fast. When I jerked off, it generally took me 10 to 20 minutes to come, and I doubted that three minutes had passed. I felt like I should have lasted longer, that in some way I was not a man for coming so quickly. In fact, I really did feel like I must be a queer if a blow job could finish me so quickly. After all, a man is in control of himself. But I also felt immensely relieved. The sexual crescendo I had experienced had drained me, almost to the point where I wanted to fall d0own, but it was unlike any orgasm I had ever experienced before, and I knew instinctively that such intensity of orgasm was rare. It was as if ever sensation in my body had combined to bring me into existence for one moment to be never forgotten.

As I slowly came down from the ecstatic feelings I had experienced, I realized that my diminishing prick was still in Richard's mouth. He was not moving anymore, nor was he sucking on my dick, which was good for I knew I could not stand the intensity of any pressure on my prick at that moment. But it felt good just to be resting in his mouth, feeling my dick return to its normal proportions, enveloped still be the warm moisture of Richard's mouth.

I must have stood there in front of Richard for ten minutes with my cock resting inside his mouth. At some point, he again cupped me balls in his hand, weighing my testicles with his touch and sliding his fingers over the silky softness of my scrotum. And I realized that I was gradually beginning to swell again.

Contemplating the possibility of another blow job, I realized just how excited I was becoming, and that excitement translated into the swelling of my prick in Richard's mouth. Yet instead of sucking my dick, Richard removed his mouth from around it, and stood up in front of me.

"Did you like that?" he asked. When I responded yes, he told me that he could tell that I had another load that need to be deposited, but that he could not suck my dick again. Instead, he told me that I would have to remove the plug from his ass and fuck him like the queer he was.

I did not see how that could come near being as wonderful as the blow job had been, but I also could not resist my re-engorged cock. He turned away from me and lowered himself to all fours. Telling me to remove the butt plug, he begged me - begged me! - to fuck his queer cunt.

I had never thought of a faggot using his asshole as a queer cunt before, and frankly it kind of turned me off. But I felt I owed Richard for the blow job and I had my full eight inches standing at attention in front of me, so I reached down and jerked the butt plug from his asshole. Placing my d-head against the exit of his shit chute, I began to push it inside Richard's ass.

In spite of the butt plug, Richard's asshole was fairly tight and at first it was hard to get my dick head in it. I managed to push it in a few inches before being unable to penetrate any further. Pulling back, I then pushed in again with all of my might. Richard groaned - it was hard for me to say whether from ecstasy or pain - as I moved incrementally deeper into his shit chute. With each trust I moved about half-an-inch further into his rectum, my hard cock embraced by his sphincter. When I had about six inches inside, something changed. Richard began pushing back and forth as I entered and withdrew, and soon we had a solid rhythm going. My dick was by this time thrusting all the way in, my balls slapping against the space between his scrotum and his sphincter. I was moving with less and less deliberation and more and more abandon, thrusting in deeply and quickly into his rectum. He began to groan with increasing passion - no longer was there hint of pain in his voice but simple animal passion. Several times he screamed out and I felt the intense contraction of his sphincter around my manhood, and I realized that I had caused him to come, to have an anal orgasm with my cock. 

Periodically I would have to stop, exhausted from the intense physical workout that fucking Richard entailed. After doing so several times, it occurred to me to reach around and take Richard' tiny four inch prick into me hands and stroke it. Jacking him off allowed me to rest but also caused him to cum, and whenever, he came, his asshole would constrict around my manhood. I found this extremely exciting, not only that I had caused Richard to ejaculate, but the constrictions invariable started me humping him again, thrusting my meat in and out of him, feeling my cock grow wider with each thrust, feeling the intense pleasurable pain in my dick hear that eventual could be resisted no longer. Unlike when I came in his mouth, this orgasm was less intense, and my penis only jerked a few times spilling seed into his rectum. But I was not disappointed in any way. I had fucked my first human, and I was feeling a sense of accomplishment. I knew that I had done a good job, and the Richard would want me in his ass and mouth again.

In fact, Richard wanted me in his mouth right then. I remained in his ass for a while, jerking him off one last time. By this time, he did not ejaculate when he came, but the intensity of his sphincter cramping around my now flaccid penis was enjoyable. When I withdrew my prick from inside him, he asked me to lie face up on the floor, and that was when he took my prick into his mouth again. Although I was tired, the thought of his sucking off his shit that might have been attached to my penis was stimulating in a way. It helped remind me how disgusting real queers were, and though I was not gay, I knew that I would always be able to get my rocks off at Richard's place.

After a while, I got up and got dressed. Richard came over for dinner a few days later, but as he was leaving, he told me he preferred his meal the other day.