 All rights reserved. Other than downloading one copy for personal enjoyment, no part of this story may be reproduced or transmitted by any means, except for reviews, without the written permission of the author.

Comments on the story are appreciated and may be addressed to the author, Dave. Any suggestions, comments etc. are welcome.

This story contains descriptions of consensual sexual contact between Males. As such it is homoerotic, designed for the entertainment of mature adults. If you are not of legal age to read such material or if the subject matter would create any kind of personal moral dilemma please exit now. 

This is a very explicit story, read the excerpt before you decide to continue. 

*****

Cast:

-Mark, owner of the "Service Station" AKA "service station."

-John Smith, Me, just another faggot

-Mike, my old college buddy

-Janine, Mike's wife

-Todd, Fag Trainer

Excerpt:

"The couple of these boys that I've attempted to train are usually so desperate that they don't actually believe you when you tell them that all they have to do is settle down and just follow some very simple, very basic instructions and they will have more cock and cum than they've ever consistently had before."

"A boy that can take an alpha male's cock right into his cunt-throat is a valuable commodity. The few I've taught to fully service their man's cock usually end up being very, very happy. They were desperate to suck a grown man's cock all the time, right to the root, day in and day out; they just didn't realize that it's a normal and natural feeling for some sissy type men. They shouldn't be ashamed of it but instead learn to trust that the man they suck is aware of their needs, aware of their shame, and will help them through that growing process." 

*****

The Service Station:

I was visiting my favorite city and after a hard day of travel I wanted to spend a night at a very different playground. All I knew was that an adult website had said it was great fun. I had the address and got there early on a Monday evening; it wasn't long before I realized that this was certainly a different kind of place. The parking lot was divided between rows for up to an hour that were free and rows for one to six hours at $5 an hour. I thought it very strange but what the hell and went in to get a long term ticket. 

The big red brick warehouse loomed large at the end of the lot with the only sign reading "entrances" in the plural. Once inside I encountered a line leading to two different counters. On the left the large counter sign read simply "cocks" while the one on the right read "cocksuckers." 

Geez, this was embarrassing, I had to openly acknowledge what I was and wanted just by standing in one or the other line. I was sure that I was blushing, bright red as I shuffled forward to the counter.

"You know you're in the cocksucker line don't you" he asked looking directly at me? I mumbled a yes as he told me to speak up. I was fast becoming more and more embarrassed. "What do you want, just the cocksucker room or the works, the room is $40 and the works runs $65?" 

By now I was reduced to a stammer that the rude attendant took as assent to the works asking me for the $65. I needed to get away from this smirking, in your face young guy and pushed the money under the window. The door clicked and I started towards it just as he shouted, "stop, put this wrist band on" and he pushed a bright pink wide, rubber band to me. I was actually trembling as I locked it on to the chorus of smirks from the rest of the guys in line laughing at the new guy.

I was finally inside a large, dimly lit room seemingly full of guys. I couldn't make out anything until my eyes adjusted so I just stood there until I felt a hand on my shoulder. 

A guy about forty said, "I see your new here, I'll show you around. You've already gotten through the tough part at the dual entrance. Believe it or not that embarrassing, challenging system kinda frees you up to admit what you are and once you're through it just enjoy yourself." 

He was right, my heartbeat was finally returning to normal. 

"It's really a kinda service station for guys who want their cocks sucked; the guys in the cock line only pay $5 so there is always a pretty large bunch wanting a quick, cheap blowjob away from the wife. The superior "cock" guys can just walk up to a hole and get their cock sucked. Unlike the usual small glory hole you see at peep-shows these openings in the wall are huge, large enough for you to stick your entire head thru and lick his balls while he pats your head. The thing is that this is a place without games; guys who want to get sucked off don't have to romance a cocksucker. There's no need for flowers, jewelry or a candlelit dinner; here it's just take your Wang out and pick the hot mouth you want to fill with cum."

He continued, "At the holes over there you're standing up while he stands on the elevated side with his crotch at your mouth level. The elevation changes over here so you have to be on your knees; I personally think a cocksucker should always kneel in respect before a man but it'll be your choice." 

I could see a little better now and boy it was busy with only a few holes empty of cock with the suck boys happily slurping away. The wet swishy noise of cocks being serviced actually filled the room. Until you're an observer you don't realize just how noisy cocksucking is; the wet slosh of dripping saliva along with the occasional ughh as the server choked permeated the room and was very hot. It was only Monday and look how busy they were; they certainly had a good business. 

"I see you've got a pink, works band that allows you to serve in all of the rooms. I want to get back to my hole but you should know that that corridor on the right will lead you to an area where there are men who need their ass sucked along with a lot of piss play. The lockers are over there, I've got to go, it looks like a very busy night and I'm horny as hell. From six to ten is when it's busiest as the married guys sneak away for service then, have fun."

I quickly stripped to my jockey shorts noting that this seemed to be the uniform of the day and locked up the locker. I wandered over to the wall of glory holes just as a guy was pulling his cock out of his pants. I stuck my head through and he stuffed his cock into my mouth. It was only about five inches but had a big, thick cock head. I began a nice, slow suck, easily able to swallow his cock to the balls. I was at it a while when I sensed him tensing. He grabbed my head and held me rigid as he spurted cum into my mouth. That old, familiar taste, salty, sticky and thick warmed my mouth as I swallowed his cum-load, I was rewarded with a gentle pat on the cheek as he commented, "Good boy, good faggot." I was kinda proud; this was my kind of place.

I went over to the kneeling room, it was set up different. The guys entering on the "cock" side would just sit down in one of the lounge chairs all in a row and pull down their pants spreading their legs. The cocksuckers just knelt and waited in front of a chair. It was very well thought out with a heavily padded floor for the cocksuckers comfort. This really appealed to me as I have always thought that the most submissive place for a cocksucker was on his knees before a superior cock and ready to serve; it is after all a measure of respect. I found out later that there was a lot of competition and on really busy nights, the most talented cocksuckers often had a line of guys waiting for service. I thought to myself that this really was a magical place where a talented cocksucker that was good at cock worship was a valued commodity. 

I knelt before a guy in his forties, bald with a little paunch but a very nice thick cock about six inches long. As I leaned into the hole to mouth his cock he grabbed my mouth sticking his fingers in it and pulling me towards him. "Suck it boy, I want a nice blow job with a lot of tongue on my balls. When I cum I want you to slow it down and just let it flow into your mouth. After I'm done you swallow my jism and lick me clean. If you do a good job I'll fill your faggot mouth with nice, warm ball juice." He then pushed his cock into my eager, waiting mouth. 

He was a very involved guy using his hands to direct my tongue to his ball sack then lightly slapping my cheek when he wanted my mouth on his cock. There is nothing quite like a man who is experienced with how to wring the maximum pleasure out of his cocksucker. It was a while but finally he told me to look at his eyes. As soon as we made eye contact he started to cum, my second load of the night. Just as he had instructed I swallowed in one gulp and began licking his crotch clean. As I was slurping around another guy came up to him and said, "Hey, Jim, how's the service?" "Not too bad Mike, how did you do?" 

Jim's buddy Mike said, "Just Ok Jim, he was a very new cocksucker and needed a little adjustment to keep his concentration on my cock. A few slaps and he forgot everything but my cock filling his mouth. I actually think he was surprised when I filled his mouth with my jism. I confess it was kinda fun breaking him in.

"I finally had my man Jim's crotch as clean as if he stepped out of a shower. Another pat on my head and he left me.

I had to admit that "Jim's" forceful style appealed to me as I decided to explore a little farther down the dark corridor; I was now glad that I had purchased the "works." 

The first room was the toilet room and boy was I surprised by how it was set up. There was a full wall with four short comfortable, padded stools arranged in front of holes in the wall just large enough for a man's head to go through. Three of the stools had cocksuckers on them with their heads into the holes. Of course I sat down, stuck my head through the wall and found I was looking at a large mirrored wall opposite me. 

Yikes, I found my head was now in a white vinyl urinal fastened on the walls other side; a guy taking a piss would be using my mouth as a living urinal, a pisspot. I could see there were guys at two of the other urinals peeing into their cocksucker's mouth. In the other empty stall the cocksucker had his mouth open and his tongue out as a guy walked in and sauntered over. I watched as the man casually laid his cock on the faggots eager tongue and took a piss. 

I sensed someone coming to my urinal; I thought quickly of getting the hell out of there but decided that I was committed and didn't want to disappoint. He fished out a soft, cut cock of about 3 inches, soft then simply laid it on my tongue and pulled back saying "I've never done this before, am I supposed to just start to full out pee or go slowly in short spurts" he asked me. 

I looked at him and told him I was also new and would be very relieved if he just spurted a little so I could get used to it. It was really kind of surreal; we were talking like buddies discussing what beer we liked yet we both were very aware that I was soon going to be drinking his piss, surreal indeed. 

He put his cockhead onto my tongue and almost instantly let out a short spurt of piss. It wasn't really unpleasant, just a very different taste, kind of a warm, salty mountain-dew laced with just a touch of white vinegar. In any event the shear humiliation of being a man's urinal got me so hot that I was in a kind of trance. He spurted more piss but then became hard and the piss stopped. I suckled on the head of his prick and he very quickly dropped his cumload into my warm, pissy mouth. He had to be even newer at this than I was to actually cum this easily. When I got up there was a long line-up of suck boys waiting for my stool; I wasn't the only one who thought the toilet room was the most erotic scene of all.

In the other corner of the "toilet room" in a large, glass enclosed shower stall there were three guys being showered by their "boys" who were busily cleaning them with thick foaming body wash. The guys just stood there talking while their pink bracelet helpers scrubbed and fondled. It was obvious from the hard cocks that the men and their fag-servants were enjoying this. Just outside of the shower another "boy" toweled off his Man. Everyone sported a huge smile; this man-centric, Guy-Spa style pampering was certainly as popular as it was incredibly hot. 

I went back to the "kneeling room" and waited in front of a lounge. In a few minutes there were two guys there, the older dropped his pants, sat down and spread his legs. I started to move in but he held my head and told me what he very specifically wanted.

"This is my son and I want to show him how to use and enjoy a cocksucker. You'll blow me first so he can see how it goes then you'll service him. Actually I think we'll take you into the around the world room for his first suck, Ok boy?" I nodded yes and he pulled me into his hairy crotch.

I licked and sucked as he lightly slapped me directing my efforts to what pleased him. I could hear him telling the boy that some guys were just cocksuckers that you could use like girls to suck you off and lick your ass. He began a face fucking by grabbing my head and telling me to keep my hands behind my back while he pulled my head in and out going deeper each time until he punched through into my throat. He put his hand on my Adam's apple to feel my throat accommodating his prick as it punched through into my gullet. I looked up and could see that his son was mesmerized by it all.

"You see Son, you keep slowly going forward a little at a time until your all in. the cocksucker will gag and choke but that's all right; it's what they were born to do and it feels great on your cock; it's just part of the service." 

On that note the Dad came in my mouth just as I was gasping around the cock buried in my gullet. Some of his cum filled my mouth but as I gasped for air a lot of it went up my nose. I coughed and actually was tearing up as I tried to catch my breath but in a very strange way I was pleased with myself. I was happy servicing the guy who was showing his son the ropes.

I heard him explaining, "Look at his face son, this is a win-win thing. Sissy's like him get off on this kind of treatment." As my breath came back to normal I agreed with him by leaning forward and licking his cockhead clean. "See Son, just what I told you."

I followed them into the "ass" room; it was to be a first for both of us. There were quite a few stirrup like lounge chairs with little wells sunk in the front of them so the cocksucker could actually get in and stand up as he licked his man's crotch from asshole to balls. I had to admire the great ingenuity the owners of this place had used in the design. By making it very comfortable they insured that the ass licker could lap a guy's crack for long periods of time, quite ingenious really. 

"Strip down Son, I'll show you the ropes. Ah, that's good, you can lay down in the lounge but I prefer to show my cocksucker just what his place is at right at the start. Just turn around and I'll have the faggot take care of you in the classic way to start." The boy turned and as ordered by his Dad I knelt in back of him and gently licked his pale-pink ass globes before I spread his cheeks and began to lick up and down his ass-crack. 

It really wasn't an effective way to service a man's ass because no matter how hard you tried you couldn't get your tongue all the way in but it did furnish maximum humiliation. Both of us were quickly hotter than hell, the boy being serviced and me with the erotic shame of it all just washing over me.

When he moved to the lounge chair his legs were spread as wide as possible and my tongue traveled from cock to asshole as my saliva flowed 

out of my open mouth. My tongue and nose experienced the musky, sweaty taste of young balls and ass. The young subject of my service soon grabbed my head and forced his cock into my mouth just as his cum erupted from his cockhead. I gulped it down, licked him clean then thanked them both for letting me service them. 

I was exhausted but certain to return to the "service station" and head to the cocksucker's side for sure. I now knew what I had long suspected; there was nothing in my life that would ever equal the sheer joy that servicing a strong, confident man could bring. This was my role and this place was made for me.

Chapter #2

I think anyone interested in reading this story realizes that I would return many times to the "service station". It was just so incredibly erotic. About 2 or three times a week I would go there, stand in the cocksucker's line and service cock. It was great to pretty much always have a lingering taste of cum in your mouth or at least in your thoughts. 

On that fateful day I had just entered when one of the staff approached me at the lockers. "Mr. Smith, the boss wants to see you." 

I was horny as hell but went with him through the front door and down another hallway; I did notice that the "cock" line at the entrance was filling up. We went into what looked like a reception room and I just followed him into a very large plush office that looked just like a partner's suite in a major law office. The rug was thick and the same maroon color as the drapes. One wall was completely filled with walnut book cases and there was a black leather couch and chair in front of a huge wooden desk. 

The man who I assumed was the "boss" came out from behind the desk and shook my hand while dismissing his employee with a wave of the hand as he sat down on the leather chair opposite me. 

He began talking as soon as I had sat down. "My name is Mark and I'm glad to see you Mr. Smith; I had your membership flagged so I could get you here to talk. I can guess that you might be a bit confused about all this but let me assure you it'll all work out to the advantage of both of us. What happened to trigger your being here is that you dropped one of your business cards on your last visit; I see you're a Business Planning and Development expert besides being one of my customers and I'm in need of some Planning and development here."

"I'm a businessman who purchased this place from an estate a couple of years ago. I initially only wanted this big warehouse but was pleasantly surprised at the cash flow of the existing sex club located in it. After going through the "Cock" line a few times myself I realized just what a great business this could be. There's real money in connecting straight guys with cocksuckers. That being said this business only fills a small part of this building and I'm interested in building the business and increasing the revenue, my problem is that I'm straight and ideally this places expansion should be planned thru a faggot's eye. It seems that inadvertently I've blundered into a nice opportunity. The majority of gay clubs like bath-houses attract gay guys almost exclusively. The format here attracts as many straight guys as gays. That really works, the alpha straight guys get there cocks serviced in a setting where they are in control and the gay guys get access to all the alpha cock they want, a win-win all the way and a nice little business," He said.

Even though I was very horny I was fascinated by his matter-of-fact analysis as he continued. "I'm straight and while I very much enjoy a cocksucker mouthing my prick, I just can't get my head around what you guys want and why you want it; what the hell do you guys get out of it. I do understand that the key to this business is to always have a cocksucker available for a straight guys cock, that way no customer is ever disappointed. You're the perfect consultant; you come here to suck cock yourself and have a great business background. What I want to do is grow the business on this site so I can utilize more of the space and generate a greater income. I'm prepared to offer you a 15% piece of the business at the end of a ninety day probation period; for the probation I'll pay you the fee listed on your website, $2000 a week plus expenses. Are you in," he asked?
