 I had seen him more than once, I went to the local tourist spot to check out the hot guys, he caught my attention immediately, he had a great presence, he stood tall and commanding, being he was maybe five foot nine, he was muscular and had a face you could not forget, with his five o'clock shadow, his sandy brown hair, the chiseled face, his chin, the jaw line was very pronounced, with beautiful white teeth so perfectly straight. His chest was wide, strong, with huge arms, with well defined muscles, his legs were strong like tree trunks.

With every visit that he was there I checked him out, he gave me sly little looks, I wanted to break the law and have him arrest me, hold me in his holding cell, strip search me. I was not one to break the law, I would have to keep my fantasy just that; a fantasy. This guy's ass was amazing, he filled his work pants oh so very well, his ass muscles would flex so beautifully when he walked. I once followed him up the stairs, just so I could watch his beautiful ass in action, it took everything I had not to reach out and touch his beautiful globes.

I was there on a Wednesday night it was very slow, not many people so I sat with my eyes on my phone, my gorgeous security guard comes up and asks me

"How is your night going?"

"Not too bad pretty quiet in here tonight!" 

"Yes; it sure is, makes for a long night for me." 

"I bet there are nights that are very slow!" 

"At least there are some hot ones to look at, I love to people watch." 

as a gorgeous young man of about twenty walks by with his girlfriend.

"I have to agree, this is why I spend so much time here, well that and a few other reasons!" 

"Oh yea and what would those reasons be?" 

"I might embarrass you if I answered that with an honest answer!" 

"Oh really would it have to do with me by any chance?" 

"It very well might, you have to know your one hot man, I love to watch you while you work!"

With this answer he turned a beautiful shade of red. 

"You embarrass me sir!" 

"Your one sexy man, the things I would do to you if I had the chance!"

"Your very forward, telling me all this, I could kick you out of here for loitering!" 

"You could but you love it when I watch you, the way you flex your ass when you walk by me, that walk up the stairs when I followed you, I almost creamed my pants watching you climb those stairs. You have me all boned up again right now!" 

"Really I can see your cock is straining to fit in those revealing shorts you have on." 

"It appears your cock is getting hard as well, your pants are usually tight but tonight they may burst open, breaking the zipper wide open." 

"Your right my cock is straining to stay inside these tight pants, my balls are aching, I need them drained!" 

"To bad there is not a place we can go I could help drain them for you, you look very horny, and in need of a blow job!" 

He looks at me, I can tell he is thinking of a place we can go, 

"Follow me, I know a place we can go where no one will look or find us." 

I follow him thru the back hallway to the security room, we walk in he locks the door behind us, he leans back on the security desk, I walk up directly in front of him, I run my hands down the sides of his face, down his chest to his abs, to his belt.

Once the belt and trousers are down his cock is tenting in his Calvin's, he has a beautiful cock, not huge but perfectly shaped six inches, thick, low hanging balls, in a hairy ball sack. I get down on my knees, I take his cock in my mouth, he moans as I swallow his beautiful cock to the base, his balls on my chin, his furry bush in my nose, I pull him off of the desk, I make him fuck my mouth, use my mouth for pleasure, slam it home, he grabs my hair and shoves his cock in, he is relentless, my mouth and throat will be sore when he is done, his cock is a perfect fit, his balls are slamming my chin, all at once he is about to cum, he stops for one second, his cock starts to shoot its load, the cum does not seem to stop coming, he could not have had sex in weeks, I suck down and try my best to keep all his cum in my mouth. 

Once his orgasm subsides he finally says 

"Dam I needed that, my balls were so full, I needed them drained!"

From the floor I say, 

"Think you can get it up again I need to get fucked so bad my ass is begging for a nice cock to fuck me and yours is perfect?" 

"With a little persuasion I am sure I can rise to the occasion as they say." 

I grab his slightly deflated cock, slowly stroke it, then lick the knob, I suck his soft knob in my mouth, I slowly take his whole cock in, I grab a handful of balls, rolling them in my hand, his cock is soon hard and ready for action.

I wet his cock with my spit, I wet my hand, getting my hole ready for his cock, I bend over the desk, he is soon ramming his pole in my ass. Dam that guy knows how to fuck an ass, he has me moaning, groaning, with all the noise we don't hear the key in the door, all at once the door swings open, we are caught with our pants down. We both stand there deer in the headlights kind of look, all I know is I want him to finish, cum in my wanting ass, his partner is a beautiful black man, muscular body, tight uniform, a beautiful bulge in his pants.

"What to fuck Derek we discussed this before you can't bring guys in here to have sex with, if the boss ever catches you your fired!" 

I can't take my eyes off of his ever growing bulge, I reach over and feel it thru the fabric, it gets tighter as I run my hand over it. 

"Dam this guy is forward, grabbing my dick without asking!" 

"Take it out I want you guys to spit roast me, come on I want to suck your cock so badly." I can see he is processing the offer, his cock is getting harder, his brain is saying 

"No its not right, this is work!" he grabs his belt, then his zipper, his pants drop to the floor, his huge cock flops out, I quickly grab it like someone will take it from me, I lick the head, I turn to Derek, 

"Come on Derek that ass ain't gonna fuck itself!"

I quickly swallow Bills cock take it to the base, he is both impressed and moaning, 

"Come on Bill fuck my mouth, make those balls slap my chin." 

Bill does not need to be told twice, he dives right in to my mouth, the guys synchronize so they are both slamming in at the same time so I get the most cock I can get in me. Bill is soon moaning like he will be draining his pole in me at any time, Derek being that he came before may take more time. I start to suck down harder on Bill's cock, I massage his balls, run my finger between his balls and ass, that's it that was his trigger, he is flooding me with cum, his hose is draining into my mouth, I am loving it.

With all the excitement Derek is moaning, shooting in my ass, he is slamming his cock into my hole. Once all filled up with cum I clean up Bill's cock, he tucks back in and is off to do his rounds, Derek cleans himself with paper towels and we are our way out, I stop by the bathroom to drain the cum out of my ass, there is a really hot guy in the bathroom that gives me the come here and suck my cock pal look, I feel I need to do my duty as an ambassador of our city to help out our tourists enjoy their stay in our fine city.

Once we are in the stall, he pulls out this huge cock, its got to be nine plus inches, he stands legs apart, ready for his pole to be drained, I get on my knees once more, he points his cock to my mouth, I slowly get his cock in my mouth, he starts to fuck my mouth, it has to be maybe five or six strokes, and he is draining his pole down my throat, he is very vocal about his orgasm. He apologizes for cumming so quickly but its been a few months since his last blow job. He tucks back in, he is gone, I lock the door, I get myself cleaned up. 

On the way out I run into Derek, he comments 

"So your off then?"

"Yea seems I need a shower really badly" we both laugh.

"Hope to see you again!" 

"Derek I will be here tomorrow, are you working?" 

"I am and will be waiting for you to get here!" 

"Okay, great see you then Bye Derek!"

Derek and I continue playing till he is moved to another facility on the other side of the city. Bill joins us when he is on the same shift.