 It had been several months since I had caught my friends wife in a compromising position with a black co-worker. This situation eventually led to my having sex with her as well but I couldn't seem to get that image out of my head. The sight of his powerful black body, sweaty and muscled, on top of her beautiful petite frame with him using all 200 plus pounds to shove his enormous cock in her stayed in my mind almost daily. And it was more than just the sight of them fucking, there were moans of pleasure and exertion and a mixed smell of sex and sweat filling the air. When I happened upon them that day it was all I could do to pull away and not just stay there and watch the whole thing unfold.

Since then several things had happened and I continue to see her lover at work and out at places around town. I am always cordial to Sam and act as if I don't know about his affair with Melissa. He's a nice enough guy and even though he's not a close friend I saw no reason to alienate him or make him feel uncomfortable at the sight of me.

I stopped by a nearby restaurant one afternoon to grab a sandwich for lunch and went to the bathroom to take a leak and wash up and there at one of the urinals was Sam. We spoke our usual brief greetings as I took the urinal next to his and exchanged some small talk while we took care of business. While standing there I couldn't help but try and steal a glance at his cock while it was hanging out. Of course my luck stepped in and he caught me and said "yeah it's a big one, not like you white guys huh "I was embarrassed and caught off guard and without a decent comeback, I just said nothing and looked back down at my average cock. He left the restroom before me and nothing else was said.

I washed up and returned to the dining area and saw Sam sitting at the bar and motioning for me to join him. I took the stool next to his and he immediately said "you know I wasn't trying to embarrass you in there, I'm sorry if you took it the wrong way." I admitted feeling a little uncomfortable being caught checking out his package and then told him it wasn't the first time I had seen his cock. He said, "oh yeah, have you been trying to look at old Sam's meat before.?" I then relayed the story of the day I walked in on he and Melissa. He was shocked that I knew about it at all much less had seen them in the act. 

He was now at a disadvantage and began to show signs of nervousness. He asked me if I had told anyone and I assured him I had not and didn't plan to. He then regained his cocky attitude and told me how good she was and how he had done her a bunch of times since. He said she was always cock hungry and wanting some of his black meat and he was more than willing to oblige her. I asked him if she was able to take all 9 inches of his meat and he said "you been checking me out pretty close huh?" I admitted admiring his size and proceeded to tell him it was one of the finest cocks I had ever laid eyes on. he was silent for a few minutes and out of the blue said, "you wanna see it again, maybe up close?" I thought of the ramifications of this for a minute, does he think I'm gay, or is he just that proud of his cock. In either case I thought, I would love to see it one more time.

I told him I'm not gay or anything but do admire well hung men and would love to see his cock one more time. He said "let's finish lunch and we'll go to my car for a little peek." 

I choked down my sandwich and we paid our bill and went to the black Lexus in the parking lot. I started to get in the front right seat but he said, "no, let's get in the back, there's more room there." I wasn't sure how much room I would need for a look at his cock but I was anxious to see it so I climbed in the back. We sat across the seat for a few moments without anything happening and I finally asked him, "are you going to take it out or what?" He replied, "no I'm not, your gonna take it out for me." I then said, "look, I'm not gay I just wanted to see..." and before I could get the rest of the sentence out he slapped me across the face and said, "look white boy, I don't care whether your a faggot or not, you caught me fucking your friends wife and the only way I can be sure your not gonna drop a dime on me is to get something on you, something you don't want to ever come out. Besides, I'm always looking for another white bitch to add to my stable, and you look like you've got one tight ass." 

I didn't know whether to try to open the door and run or what to do. I was afraid he would beat the shit out of me if I didn't do what he said so without saying a word I reached over and began undoing his pants. He got a slight grin on his face and I noticed my cock beginning to twitch in my pants. 

This looked like it was heading for some sort of sexual activity and I was afraid of what it would mean. If I like this sort of thing then I must be either gay or bisexual at the least. It was not the first time I had pondered my sexuality and had thought on several occasions I at least had bisexual tendencies but this would definitely remove any doubt.

Putting my mind back on the situation at hand I now had both hands on his undone pants and he raised slightly for me to pull them down revealing a pair of red bikini type briefs. I remember what a contrast they were to his dark brown skin. There was a wet spot to the left side and a clearly definable bulge to the left. I looked up at him and he smiled at me and said, "go ahead, you know you want to." I said nothing but decided to submit to the situation and make the most of it.

I leaned forward and put my face against the bulge breathing in deeply and getting a strong scent of his manhood. It was a mix of sweat and manliness that is hard to define, but very erotic. Putting several fingers under the waistband of his shorts I tugged on them and he raised allowing me to pull them down to his knees. When they slid down his enormous black cock sprang out and flopped around a couple of times before coming to rest against his stomach. It was the most beautiful cock I had ever seen, even in the magazines. It was all of 8 or 9 inches, had heavy veins running the length of it on both sides and the head was slightly pinkish brown in color. There was also a drop of precum on the end of it. 

I just sat there for a few moments taking my time looking it over closely and running my hands over it and gently squeezing to see how hard it was. What a beautiful piece of meat it was. no wonder he was proud of it. His pubic hair had been shaved off revealing beautiful smooth brown skin. I had an uncontrollable urge to take his cock in my mouth and suck it. He must have known what I was thinking because he said, "don't you want a little bit of Sam's meat?" I again said "I'm not gay and have only sucked one or two other guys in my whole life, I'm afraid I might not do it very well." He said "that's ok, I'm gonna train you like I do all my bitches and your gonna love every minute of it. "

So I opened my mouth and lowered my head down taking the head in and sucking as hard as I could. I could already taste his cum and the thought that I liked it surprised me. I worked the head over real good and began going down deeper on it until I had almost half of it in my mouth. It nearly gagged me and he laughed and said, "that's ok, I'm gonna teach you how to take all of old Sam's big cock just like I had to teach Melissa." 

I continued for a few more minutes sucking and going up and down the shaft with my mouth and hand with him meeting my motion with a slight thrust up of his hips. He began to moan slightly and lowered his head back against the top of the seat and closed his eyes. I felt his hands on the back of my head and he began slowyly and gently pulling my head down to meet his thrusts. I concentrated on the rhythm he seemed to want and sucked as hard as I could. I thought I was doing a pretty good job on his cock when he suddenly pulled my head down hard against him and I felt the first blast of hot cum hit the back of my throat. He was now moaning louder and I pulled back off of his cock until just the head was in my mouth. He continued squirting his load in my waiting mouth and I swallowed hard to get it all. I didn't want to waste the opportunity to get a good load of cum from another man and he rewarded my efforts with a thick load that filled my mouth. 

After finishing him off I let the end of his cock slip out between my lips and it fell down and came to rest against his leg. It was wet and shiny and still looked beautiful. He smiled and said, "not bad, I think I can teach you to do it better though." He pulled his underwear and pants up and said, "maybe next time we can hold class in a better place, maybe a motel or hotel room where we'll be more comfortable. If you play your cards right I might even let you watch me do your friend Melissa, would you like that? "Without a second thought I said "that would be fun." I don't know what's in store but I can't wait to get back in class.