 After I retired, I moved out to a little house in the country where I could have some chickens, and a garden, and maybe enjoy more outdoor living. One of the first things I did was buy a 10 foot by 20 foot shed to use for storage and as a hen house.

As you know, I like to be in the nude. I also like to have something in my ass. I had an old prostrate vibrator that was attached to a cock ring, and although the vibrator no longer worked, I would often wear it anyway because it was both comfortable and stimulated me enough that I would eventually enjoy a session of masturbation. 

One morning I stuck the plug into my ass and pulled the ring over my cock before pulling on a pair of shorts. I was going to work on the shed, building a wall to separate the chickens from the rest of the storage, and I knew it would be hot, so I did not put on much. In fact, I knew that when I got into the shed, what little clothing I would be wearing would come straight off. I was far enough away from neighbors that no one would see me working naked in the shed, nor would they see me masturbating whenever I decided to take a break.

When I got into the shed, I pulled off my shorts and threw them into a corner. I gave my cock a few jerks just to feel the plug pull against me sphincter and thought of what I would do later on in the day when I would take my prick in hand and jack off while thinking of having another man use my queer cunt and his cum bucket. Then I set to work on the shed.

Within a few moments, I was covered with sweat. It was not surprising; although only 10 in the morning the temperature was already in the mid-90s. I actually enjoyed sweating, though having it drip into my eyes was irritating. I continued to lay the floorboards while casually thinking about the different fantasies I could enjoy when I took my jack off break.

My back was to the door when I suddenly realized that someone was there. Turning my head over my shoulder, I saw a young man standing there with the reddest face I had ever seen. I realized that he was embarrassed not only to have discovered me nude but wearing a plug in my asshole. 

Standing up I turned to face him. He was a good looking young man, a country boy who reminded me in many ways of Keith, my first love. Standing about six-feet tall, he had broad shoulders and a narrow waist. Light brown, almost blondish hair framed his face, and he was clearly taken aback by the sight of an overweight 60-year-old with a small dick. I could tell that, for as hard as he tried to avoid it, he kept looking at my cock, and I felt it begin to stir to life. It began to swell until I was in that state where I was not yet fully erect at 4 inches, but still engorged enough for that to become a possibility.

As he watched my penis swell, I looked down at his crotch. I had the distinct impression that it too was beginning to swell and was pushing the fabric of his jeans outward.

"Hi, I'm Richard," I said as an idea began to form in my mind. "How are you doing?" I asked.

He stammered, "My name is John. I'm fine, thank you." 

By this time I had committed on seducing the young cowboy. "What can I do for you," I asked.

He responded that his mother wanted to invite me over for dinner in a couple of days. I told John I would be glad to go, but could not resist the perfect opening he had given me. "Actually I could eat something right now. How old are you?" I asked.

"18," he replied. "My birthday was a couple of months ago."

"Great!" I said. "I wouldn't want to do anything illegal, and right now I would like to eat some legal cock. You ever have a blow job, John?" When he said no, I told him to come in and take his clothes off, and I would eat his prick. I told him we would both enjoy it.

He was obviously very nervous as he stepped into the shed. I am sure that he wanted to run away and wished he was somewhere else, but I doubt the poor boy knew how to extradite himself from the enticement of an old, pot-bellied senior citizen with a four inch hard on now staring at his face. He reluctantly came in a stood in the middle of the shed. I told him to take his clothes off, and he slowly removed his shirt. Sweat was pouring from him already, partly due to the heat, but mostly due to the fact that this 60-year-old man was about to initiate him sexually.

Dropping his jeans, his cock sprang tight against the white cloth of his briefs. Pausing for several moments, John finally pulled down his underwear and let his cock escape confinement. I could not help telling John that it was one of the nicest penises I had ever seen. It was slightly larger than many, about eight to nine inches in length, and of a reasonably thick girth. Although I had lured him in on the pretense of giving him a blow job, seeing the thickness of his penis made me want to replace the butt plug in my ass with it, and I said, "I can hardly wait to feel you fill my ass."

He did not react to my comment. Instead his eyes continued to dart from side to side as if he was looking for an escape route. So I took a few steps towards him and told him that we were both going to leave this shed satisfied and happy.

Kneeling in front of him, I took his large penis in my hand and placed my mouth around the head of his penis. Sucking softly, I began to move my hand back in forth as I cupped his scrotum in my other hand. His testicles were big and heavy, dragging his balls down. The skin of his scrotum was silky smooth as was the d-head in my mouth. I slowly began to move my head up and down his shaft, gradually taking in a much of his length as I could. His already engorged prick became even thicker and harder, and my mouth and jaws began to ache from the exercise of forcing myself back and forth across his manhood. I was enjoying myself thoroughly sucking his dick when suddenly his body became rigid. His dick jerked in my mouth three or four times, hot semen pouring from his p-hole into my mouth. I savored the salty sweetness of his teen age cum as it filled my mouth and began to ooze down my throat. It was thick and I am sure roapy, and I was deeply satisfied to be accepting it into my mouth as his primal offering of his sexuality. 

He kind of slumped for a moment and I was slightly afraid that he might fall, but he steadied himself, his prick still in my mouth. I just let it rest there, feeling its demise from being a thick, eight inch long monster to a thinner, shorter piece of meat. I remembered how when I was younger my prick had always been super-sensitive after coming and how painful it could be to have pressure or movement on it after I came, so I patiently let John return to normalcy, his cock continuing to occupy my mouth. 

About five minutes later, I again cupped John's balls and began to tenderly massage them. When I felt his penis began to grow in response to my ministrations, I removed my mouth from around his prick and told him that I could tell that there was still cum that needed to be released from his body. I then told him I could not give him another blow job. I could see the disappointment in his eyes as my hand fondled his swelling member. That was when I told him that he must remove the butt plug from my anus and fuck my shit chute instead.

I could tell that he was a s conflicted as he had been before the blow job. He clearly would like to have had me suck him off again, but I was demanding that he go a different route and pleasure me as well as himself. I could see the conflict in his eyes, but his engorged penis won out. He nodded his head, and I turned myself away from him and assumed the position.

He was not gentle in removing the butt plug. Yanking it from my asshole, he tossed it in a corner before kneeling behind me. Positioning hi d-head against my anus, he began to push against my sphincter.

To be honest, I had expected my anal sphincter to be more pliable having had the plug in my arsehole for over an hour. Also, I had expected some residual lube to be present, which proved to not be the case. So, I had a hard time taking John up my a-hole. He pushed and pushed, and his prick entered me by small increments before nature took over. He began to push in and out in short, small trusts which had the advantage not only of relaxing my sphincter but moving his dick inward slowly but surely. Than, and some point, he began to trust in evenly and equally, moving his prick deeper and deeper into my rectum. Soon I was feeling his balls slapping against me perineum, and I knew that I was taking in all eight or nine inches that he had to offer.

After being abstinent for several year, it felt good to have a man in me once again. As his trusts became harder and more intense, the nerves of my anus responded, and I found myself having anal orgasms. Crying out in ecstasy, my sphincter would milk the cock in my queer cunt. The experience of having all of those inches pushing across my P-spot soon had my prostate gland leaking pre-cum into my penis, which would occasionally grow hard with his exertions, but generally remained flaccid, the long strand of pre-cum dribbling out the end towards the floor. 

Because of his previous orgasm in my mouth, John was delayed in coming in my ass, which was fine with me. Not used to the exertions involved in fucking, he would periodically pause. During one pause, he asked if he could touch my cock. I told him he could if he wanted too, and he reached around and took my slippery little flaccid dick in his palm. Screwing it in his hand, he coaxed out an erection and began to systematically jack me off. Several times I actually came, my four inch cock spurting cum onto the floor of the shed. Each time I came in his hand seemed to intensify the thrusting motion of his pelvis as he fucked my queer cunt harder and harder.

Than it was all over. He savage thrusts ended. I did not feel him cum in my rectum, but the jerking of his cock in my queer cunt told me that he had. For a few moments we stayed there motionless as our penis shriveled back to their normal size. My anus began to compress my sphincter around his now flaccid penis, gradually pushing it from the depths of my rectum until finally he pulled out.

I asked him to lie on his back, and as he lay there I took his shrunken member into my mouth and tasted my turds with my tongue. I know sounds gross, but I never feel more like a queer than when I taste turd on my tongue, whether thru analingus or sucking a dick that has just come out of my ass. By this point he was exhausted and his dick did not respond to my sucking. I cleaned his dick thoroughly, and told him I looked forward to more meals such as these.

A few days later I ate at his house. His mother seemed to be interested in me sexually, but I would much rather have John's eight inches in my ass any day.