 Okay, so I always said I really liked girls. And I was right. I still do, lots. I also said I wasn't into guys. You know, watching them with each other, thinking about them with each other, especially not doing anything physically with one. So I was wrong about that one. 

After I ended my protracted fling with the first guy who ever pursued me, I figured I was done. I FELT like I was done. I mean, I liked the sex with the guy. Liked feeling him jerk me off while he was doing me doggy-style. Liked - did I say liked? The truth is, I LOVED giving him head. Nothing like the taste and feel of some stiff cock exploding in your mouth! I liked him giving me head. Yep, just liked. He was a good cocksucker, just not quite as passionate about it as I was. 

So when I was done, and felt like I was done, with our closeted meetings, I really thought so. 

I wasn't really certain until I was in mid-season at the ski resort where I had moved after my wife asked for a divorce. She had managed to sit down to drinks with all four of the other women I had slept with during our marriage. End of story for me, as far as she was concerned. 

There's no place quite like a ski-resort for a newly-single guy who likes ladies so much he was willing to trade in his marriage for them! From the first weekend I was there, it was like one long drawn-out orgy. Well, not exactly an orgy, but sex with different girls nearly every night - and some extras thrown in during the day just for variety. I spent a great deal of energy - and bodily fluids - refining my skills. 

You have to understand, for the people who live and work there a resort is a small close-knit community. Enough so that not much remains a secret for long. I became a popular visit for some of the female employees on the mountain. I guess they thought I was attentive, and a bit giving with my oral endeavours. I loved the taste of a hot, wet pussy. Still do. I would stop just about anything to go down on an attractive girl who asked! 

After one of these day/night escapades, I found myself in the bar, talking to another of the staff. He worked in the general store, and had to hear skiers complain all day. I happened to be the person who was just drunk enough to sit and listen to him complain. At least until last call. 

Seeing my deliverance, I got up to go. He followed me out, talking the entire way. Once outside, he asked if I wanted to keep drinking. Second only to a willing warm female, drinking was my passion that winter. I said yes, and asked what he had in mind. He said he had some beer at his place, about a mile down the mountain. I suggested that we go over to mine, which was just across the road. I had a much better selection than just beer, anyway. 

We got there and mixed drinks, and sat down and continued to talk about whatever came to mind. Before long, I noticed that he was getting pretty drunk, even by the standards of those of us who worked on the mountain. I asked if he was okay, and he said he just needed to get his head straight. 

After a long pause he simply looked over at me and said, "please don't get offended, but I would really like to suck your dick." I declined, politely I thought, and resumed my drinking. He got pretty quiet, feeling embarassed I suppose. I finished my drink a while later and went to the bathroom to relieve the effects of some of the night's drinking. When I got back into the living room, I noticeed that he was just sitting there looking into the remains of the fire. 

I don't think he realized I was back, and I decided to go get ready for bed before I sat back down. I wasn't sure I'd be able to get back up again once I did! Once I was in my room and getting undressed, I started thinking about the courage it must have taken to even ask me if he could go down on me. Then I started thinking about him actually GIVING me head, remembering past pleasures with my old friend. Suddenly I was stiff as a board. 

Rather than getting ready for bed, which usually involved throwing on a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt, I changed my plan. I returned to the bathroom and retrieved the wrap from the back of the door, the one I usually wore while I was shaving. Back to the bedroom, I stripped of everything but the wrap. Worrying about possible reactions, I finally told myself to just go for it. 

Walking into the living room, I thought he had fallen asleep on the sofa. When I sat down, he mumbled something about me being back without turning my way. I reached for my drink, and leaned back to finish it. Putting it back down on the table, I began to wonder at the wisdom of my plan. I leaned back into the sofa and thought about whether I should just go change and go to sleep. 

While I was laying back considering my next move, I heard him stir on the other end of the sofa. Quickly deciding on plan B, I moved just enough. Now my legs were open, and my crotch was visible through the slit in the wrap (or so I hoped). Pretending to be dozing, I didn't respond when he quietly called my name. 

I felt him moving (toward me, my erection was hoping) but didn't make any sign I did. When I felt his fingertips touch my thigh, it was all I could do to silence the gasp that wanted to make it's way out. When he moved the corner of the wrap aside, I moaned in anticipation, but tried to make it sound like the sounds of someone falling asleep. 

After minutes of this slow progress I was suddenly taken by surprise. I had expected to feel him touch my erection, maybe fondle me a bit. I was surprised to feel his mouth trying to get to the base of my erection instantly! He was looking up to see my reaction, partly in fear of another rejection accompanied by anger. 

Getting more enthusiastic, he kept watching me the whole time. I let him go. Here was the passion I had given, but never received from another man. I kept playing the sleeping victim until I exploded in his mouth - when I finally opened my eyes and looked at him. He was nervous, since he had just done what I said I wasn't interested in, but stayed right there with my softening cock in his hand! 

He met my gaze, and I realized that he had a bit of a smug look of satisfaction. He opened his mouth to say something, and then stopped. It was this brief pause that changed everything. I looked at him and asked one simple question. "Want to do that again?" He did. Whenever we could secretly meet away from his boyfriend and my girlfriend. My own little cock-hound. All winter long.