 It was going on seven thirty in the morning and I should be headed for work, but instead I'm standing in the doorway leading to the kitchen watching Carl sipping his coffee while staring out the window. We've known each other for over ten years, lived together for nine of them. Six years ago, we made the ultimate commitment, and brought this house together. Yet there are times when I still can be so in awe of this man. 

He places his mug in the sink. When he turns around his soft brown eyes locked on to mine, and he slowly makes his way over to me. If I had wanted to move, I couldn't. His hand reached out and gently strokes my face. Then he leans in and kisses me on the mouth. I taste his consumed coffee as I'm sure he can taste the minty fresh mouth wash I've just used. Our tongues collided as the kiss intensified. When we break, Carl takes me by the hand and leads the way back to our bedroom.

As I removed the duvet from the bed I just made, Carl began rubbing his body against my back side causing my skin to tingle. When I turn around to rub my hand over the front of his pants and can feel his excitement growing. Instinctively, we both start undoing our pants pulling both pants and underwear down. I then began unbutton his shirt, and watch as it descends down to the floor, my eyes glance over at his harden dick and tighten balls, my mouth begins to water as I want to taste him, but Carl has other ideas.. He takes my face in his hand and begins kisses me deep and hard. I wrap my hand around his neck pulling him closer. When our mouths separate my tongue licked down his neck to his hairless chest. There I sucked his pink nipple while my other hand found its way under his balls and played with them. His head came forward as he moaned and began nibbling my neck, as his hands slide down my back to my ass and squeezes both cheeks then while one hand plays with my pucker hole the other is grabs for my penis. The feeling of his warm hands caressing these parts of my body made me want to feel him inside me. I inhaled deeply and whispered "I'm yours." 

Carl gently smiles, "you're damn right your mine," as he pushes me on the bed, then drops to his knees reaching for my cock. With the tip of his tongue he tastes the droplets of precum on my dick before taking it in his mouth sucking it long and hard just the way I like. I know I can't last for long, and Carl must have realized this too, he places my legs over his shoulders and began lowering himself into me. He watches, pushing in a little at a time allowing time for me to adjust to his entry. I lifted my hips wanting more of what he's offering. Oh, it felt so good. I'm never more alive than when we were joined as one. Carl begins pumping harder and faster into me. I enjoyed watching the concentrate look on his face along. I placed my finger in his mouth and he begins to suck on it as he had my dick. Carl tilts his head back as I grabbed my engorged cock and begin pumping it. No words are needed, we're both loss in this total bliss. The sensation starts at the base of my spine wrapping all around me. It turns me from cold to red hot. Everything else is forgotten, at this moment, nothing else existences except for the feeling he is building inside of me. Then it happens; I call out his name as cum squirts out of me on to my stomach. When I'm finished, I can't move, but feel so wonderful. 

"That's it baby let yourself go." Carl said breathlessly. He has developed a steady rhythm pouring everything he has to give. His forehead now glistens with sweat. 

"Give it to me, baby, I yell. Give me all you have." 

With one last push, Carl screams out "Fletcher," then releases himself inside of me. I hold on to him with all the power my muscles have, squeezing out every last drop he has to offer. He collapsed on top of me, and then rolls to the side, quickly pulling me into his arms. We hold each other tight; fully realizing what we have is truly something very special.

I glance over at the clock on the nightstand. Even if I was to leave now, I would still be late. There was only one thing I could do. 

"Carl, if I take a sick day will you help to make me feel better?" 

He laughs. "When I was looking out the window, I was thinking about playing hokey and wondering how I could persuade you to do the same thing." 

I reach over and kiss him on the nose. "Well, I must say I do like your method of persuasion." 

THE END