 All characters in this story are over the age of 18.

***

Jack was getting a bit bored. He had been shopping all afternoon with his girlfriend Amy. They had already purchased a new pair of sheets and she had purchased some new clothes as well. He was ready to head home, however Amy had told him that there was one more shop that she wanted to go to. He followed her down the street, carrying the shopping bags of course, and saw her take a left turn and go down a side street. She glanced back at him before entering a shop. He caught up with her and looked up at the name of the shop Cum Here Often. He thought to himself that he could enjoy shopping there. 

He entered the store and saw Amy browsing through the lingerie section. He moved over to the video area and began looking through their selections. While looking at some of their bi selections, one of his favorite categories of porn, he glanced over towards the guy on guy section and saw a cute blonde twink looking back at him. He smiled and the twink smiled back and nodded towards the back of the store.

Jack looked to see where Amy was and saw that she was in the toys section looking at vibrators and dildos. He walked over to her.

"See anything you like?" she asked him.

"I think that dildo over there could be fun" he replied as he looked at a long 10 inch black one.

"I was thinking the same thing. Maybe we need to get a few anal beads and a vibe for me while we're here."

"I think that sounds like a good idea to me."

Amy went back to her browsing and Jack looked over again at the guy on guy section. The twink was still there, however from where they were in the store he could now see more of him. He was wearing a tight pair of jeans with a noticeable bulge. Jack looked down and the twink rubbed his crotch. 

"Sweetie, what's on your mind?" asked Amy.

Uh

"If you'd like to wait in the back area you can. I may be browsing for a while. It looks like something else has caught your attention" 

"What do you mean?"

"I could see you staring at that cute little blonde over there. If you'd like to go to the back area and wait go ahead."

Jack smiled at his girlfriend and walked towards the back area of the store. He gave a glance towards the blonde twink on the way back. He got to the entrance to the theatre area and paid his entrance fee. He went through the door and looked around. There was a really hot video playing up on the big screen which showed a white boy on all fours with a big Latin cock in his mouth and another Latin cock fucking his ass. The video also showed an older white man having his cock sucked by a younger Latino. Jack looked around the theatre and checked out the other men in the area. There was a hot artistic looking type with long hair, a neat beard and some tats; an older very distinguished looking businessman with grey hair; a pair of black men; a very handsome young Latino; another older blue-collar type; and finally another young man his age. Jack went and sat down and started looking at the film.

He looked back towards the door and saw the blonde twink he had been eying earlier walking down the aisle. The blonde came over and sat next to him.

"Hi, I'm Jack."

"Im Terry"

Terry sat next to him and started watching the film. Jack could see that he was enjoying the movie as the bulge in his pants was getting noticeably larger. Jack loosened his belt and unbuttoned his chinos. He then pushed down his zipper and pulled out his growing cock. He looked over at Terry and saw that he had his dick out as well. Jack reached over and began stroking Terry while Terry returned the favor. 

The two of them continued to play with each other's cocks until Terry leaned over and took Jack's cock into his mouth. Terry went to town on Jack's cock, deep-throating it like a natural born cocksucker. Jack continued to stroke his new friend's cock.

Terry began to cum hard and Jack caught some of it in his hand. Terry continued his sucking and it only took a few more minutes for Jack to cum hard. Terry tried to swallow most of it. He came up for air and leaned over and kissed Jack. Jack could taste his own cum on Terry's breath and liked it. 

"Hey white boy, you want some more action?" asked one of the black men as he stood over the two of them stroking his large black cock. 

"Yes" said Jack as he stood up and followed the black man down to the next row of seats. The black man sat back and Jack fell to his knees and started sucking that delicious cock. 

"Suck me white boy."

Jack continued to suck on that delicious black cock and then glanced up and saw who was sitting in the back row. His girlfriend Amy was sitting there rubbing herself though her skirt and watching him. He found it exciting and went back to sucking on that cock. The black man grabbed his head and pushed his dick farther down his throat. Jack loved being treated like the cock-slut he was and continued sucking on that cock. 

"I'm going to cum white boy."

Jack kept on sucking on that big black cock and was rewarded with some delicious cum. He swallowed it all as he had gone without for a while. He then looked over and saw Amy. She had her skirt pushed up, her panties down, and two fingers in her pussy. Her blouse was unbuttoned and her tits were out. That was not the kinkiest part though. She had her lips wrapped around the blue collar guy's big cock. She was sucking him hard and looked like she was in heaven.

Jack got off his knees and sat next to the black man. The distinguished older businessman walked down the aisle and looked over to him while rubbing his crotch. Jack didn't need to be told twice and walked over to him. He got on his knees, unzipped the man's suit pants and pulled his hardening cock out. Jack then slowly licked up that cock and then licked back down it. He liked what he tasted and opened his mouth. He started sucking that cock hard and looked around the theatre to see what else was going on. 

He could see his new friend Terry bent over a row of seats while the Latino was fucking his ass hard. He could see the artistic looking guy sitting back in one of the back rows with his cock out while the other guy his own age was sucking on it. He could see the other black guy stroking his dick, which looked to be at least 10 inches, and smiling over at him. Finally he could see his girlfriend in the back row continuing to suck off the blue collar guy. 

Jack continued sucking off the businessman and felt him start to release. He opened wide and got another mouthful of juicy cum. The businessman stepped back and readjusted his pants. Jack stood up and looked around.

"Having a good time sweetie?" asked Amy as she walked over to him.

"Yes, are you?" asked Jack.

"I'm having a blast, that construction guy had such a juicy cock."

"I've already gotten two loads."

"Do the two of you want some more?" asked the other black man as he walked over stroking his 10 inch cock.

Amy and Jack both fell to their knees and gazed up at that cock. Both of them were in awe and longed to taste it. Amy started licking up and down the left side of that cock while Jack started doing the same on the right. The two of them then kissed each other before returning to sharing that delightful black sausage. Amy took the cock into her mouth and started sucking it hard. Jack watched in awe as his girlfriend deep-throated that black cock. She looked like she was having a blast and he thought that they needed to share more cocks together. Amy moved back and Jack took her place deep-throating that cock. The two of them continued to take turns deep-throating the cock until they could tell that the black man was getting close. The two of them each put a hand on the cock and stroked it until it erupted. Amy opened her mouth and tried to catch as much of the cum as possible. Jack liked how Amy was thinking and did the same. The black man was cumming hard and Jack and Amy could not catch it all. Their faces were covered in cum and they did not care. Jack leaned in and kissed Amy. The two of them started making out and could taste the cum on each other's breaths. 

"You two are nasty little white sluts," said the black man as he looked down at them.

"Yes we are," said Amy as she stood up.

"Show me how nasty the two of you are" said the black man.

Amy stood up and took off the rest of her clothes. She then walked towards a row of seats and bent over. Jack did the same and bent over a row of seats next to her. One of the black guys stood in front of Amy and she started sucking on his cock while the construction worker entered her from behind. He was fucking her hard and she was enjoying it.

I looked over and saw the Latin guy in front of me. I opened my mouth and started sucking him while I felt someone come up behind me. 

"I'm going to fuck you hard slut," said the artsy guy with long hair.

I moaned and felt him enter me. He was fucking me so hard and I loved it. I pushed back against him and looked over at Amy. She was pushing back against the construction worker and eating the black guy's cock. I continued to suck the Latin guy off while the artist fucked me hard. It felt so good.

"I'm cumming you slut," said the construction worker.

The black guy started shooting his load all over Amy's face while the Latin guy started shooting his load on mine. I licked my lips and leaned over to kiss my girlfriend. The two of us shared the cum of our mutual guys. To make it even better, I felt the artist cumming in my ass. 

As the guys finished up, a new group took their place. Terry stood in front of me while stroking his cock, while the other guy my age stood in front of Amy. I looked back and saw the black guy with the 10-inch dick behind me. I smiled as I had been wanting him to fuck me so badly. The businessman stood behind Amy. 

I opened my mouth and started sucking on Terry, while Amy took the other man's cock into her willing mouth. The businessman started fucking her hard. I felt that big black cock enter me and pushed back against it. I needed my ass to be filled and the black man took charge of that task. He was fucking me deep and hard. I loved how it felt and was so into it. I looked around and saw that the other guys were stroking and watching while my girlfriend and I sucked a pair of cocks together while two strange men fucked our asses hard. 

"I'm cumming. You are a nasty couple," said the black man as he started to shoot. Terry started cumming and I took his load. It was delicious. I looked over and saw the businessman pulling his cock out of Amy's pussy. Her pussy was dripping with his cum. Her face was covered in cum as well and she licked her lips. She does love the taste of cum.

"Jack, I need you to fuck me," said Amy. 

I sat down in one of the seats and Amy straddled me. I entered her and started fucking her hard. I had already cum a few times from being fucked and having my cock sucked, but I had more to offer. I was fucking her so hard and kissing her and playing with her tits. Around us, the other guys were stroking. I started cumming hard and could hear Amy getting off as well. The other guys started shooting their cum all over the two of us and I thought about what a sight this was. My girlfriend and I were covered in cum in the back of a sex shop and we were loving every minute of it. I really cannot wait to go shopping again I thought as I gave her a kiss.