 I am a 49 year old bi female. My husband is 51 and also bi. About 10 year ago we were watching an adult movie and it had the girl/girl scene when my husband asked if I ever thought of doing that. I admitted I had. Then he asked if I would do it if I had the chance. I told him yes. Then it was my turn, I asked if he ever thought of doing it with a guy. He told me that he wondered what it would be like to stroke a cock or even suck it. He liked pictures of them. When he focused just on cocks he was curious but when he looked at guys he didn't have that same desire. He didn't think that he could actually do it.

About 5 years ago, after our youngest left for college, my husband suggested I fulfill my fantasy with another woman. I was able to do that with a good friend that was recently divorced. That marked a turning point in our sex lives. Besides bringing a female lover into the mix he started taking on a more subservient role in our relationship.

A little over 2 years ago I decided to add another man to the mix. It was a friend of his that is younger, he is 41. I enjoyed teasing him and watching his cock get hard and him trying to hide it. I told John that I wanted a 3some with his friend Mike. We had talked about a MFM 3some but had never tried to find a guy to join us. But we knew Mike was not happy in his marriage and was not getting much in the way of sex. We recruited Mike to join us. Little did either of these men know what I had in mind.

I keep the sex hetro for the 1st year, letting the men gain a level of comfort around each other but gradually moving them down the path I had chosen. When I thought the time was right I had John give Mike a blowjob. It's been smooth sailing from there as they both seem pretty content to let me call the shots.

A little about the men. They are not young hard bodies but they are in reasonably good shape for their age. John, my husband, is 5'11" and about 185lbs and is 51. Mike our friend is slightly shorter maybe about 5'10" and weighs close to the same. Their cocks are about 6", cut, though Mike's is a little fatter. They are both handsome men and fun to be around.

The reason I am writing has to do with what happened a few weeks ago. We went to the southwest for a little golf, relaxation, and warm weather. I am not much of a golfer so it was more for my husband but I did take an afternoon to play nine at the executive course at the resort. While golfing I was paired up with a nurse who was in town for a seminar. She was with some other nurses that she works with and was staying in the same hotel. She was pretty open and said that they get a little raunchy on the trips. They have gone to strip clubs on some trips and usually have a movie night with a porno. 

I got an idea as Mike was going to join us as he was passing through on a business trip. I asked her if she could keep a secret. I told her about John and Mike and would her friends like to see two men together. She was all for it and later told me her friends were too. We made arrangements for them to come to my room the next evening.

I got some wine and some premixed margaritas and they came to my room, my friend from the course and 3 of her coworkers. The guys were in Mike's room when the women arrived. I explained my marriage and how I got the guys to give each other sexual pleasures but they didn't kiss and have never done anything else when I wasn't around. John knows I wouldn't care and they have had the chances when they have gone fishing and hunting together. Anyway I told the ladies that if seeing two guys wasn't their cup of tea that they might want to slip out before the men joined us. To be respectful of the men, as this wasn't a strip club and they were doing all of a favor. They all wanted to see so I called the guys down.

I had told the guys what I wanted them to do. Everyone was a little nervous when they came in but the guys knew what to do. They quickly took off their clothes. Mike was already excited and was sporting a hardon. John was only semi erect. From experience I knew Mike would be easier to make cum and also faster to recover after cuming. I jokingly said gentlemen start your engine that's when John knelt in front of Mike and started licking his cock. All eyes were on the two men. John licked and sucked and soon Mike was moaning with pleasure. He was holding his cock out with one hand licking the head, running his tongue along the ridge. Mike closed his eyes and tilted his head back, he was moaning rather loudly and I knew he would cum soon. John had about ½ his cock in his mouth and was bobbing up and down frantically and then Mike groaned and shot a load in his mouth.

Then they switched positions and Mike was kneeling in front of John. I heard one of the women say it was the hottest thing she had seen and that her panties were soaking wet. As Mike was sucking John one of the women said she was going to leave I walked her to he door to act as a shield as the door opened. I told I hoped everything was ok since she was leaving already to which she said that it was so exciting that she needed to go take care of herself. I told her I understood.

Mike had sucked John for about 4 or 5 minutes when John pulled away. He moved over to the dresser and grabbed a bottle of astro glide. Mike new what to do and as John greased up his cock Mike placed his hands on the dresser and bent over. I heard one of the women say give it to him with a smile on her face. John moved in behind and rubbed the head of his cock against Mike's hole and then slide it in. Mike let out a moan as John's cock slide deeply in to his ass. The women were leaning in trying to get a good view of the two men fucking. I was worried apart this part as I didn't know how they would react to an anal sex scene.

After a few minutes Mike moved over to the desk. Laying on his back with his legs pulled up John moved in position again. This is my favorite position to watch them in. I had noticed that Carol, the woman I meet on the course, was rubbing herself through her jeans. Then she moved towards the door to leave, she looked back and me and mouthed thank you and left. 

Two of the women were left. One I would guess as in her early 50's, thin, small breasted, average looking. The other nurse was in her early 30's and on the chubby side; she had beautiful skin and was rather attractive. I couldn't help but think that if she thinned down and lost some puffiness from her face that she would be very pretty.

John was really pounding Mike now and had another hardon. It's quite a site seeing his hardon dancing as a cock disappears and reappears from his ass. I hear my husband is moaning and telling us how good Mike's ass feel. He says he is getting closer and he speeds up even more. Then there is a load moan and John impales himself in Mike's ass one last time as he pumps him full of cum. A trickle of precum is dribbling from Mike's cock and collecting on his belly. At last John pulls away.

John moves over and lies on his back on the bed. I think the women were thinking things were over until Mike grabs the astro lube and prepares himself. At this time I got undressed as started rubbing myself. The older nurse asked if it would be all right if my husband could eat her. I said I would love to see that. She got undressed and John has her lay on her back and he moved between her legs. John was on his knees and Mike moved back in and started fucking his ass again. Not knowing if she was bi I stood back and watched. As John's magic tongue started doing its tricks she closed her eyes and started moaning. I moved over to her and started sucking her breast. John was taking his time with her, teasing her, for I think she would have came right away had he gone straight for her clit. Instead her probed her folds and tongue fucked her. Mikes fucking was creating a steady rhythm pushing John's face into her pussy, something I always love. Somewhat surprising the young chubby nurse moved in and took over the other breast. The older nurse reaches over and starts feeling up the chubby one though she is still dressed. Then she starts grabbing at the snap of her shorts and tries to get them off her. Then the chubby nurse steps back and slides her shorts and panties to the floor allowing the older one to finger her pussy. The older one locks eyes with the younger one at which time John bears down on her clit. He body stiffens and she lets out a loud moan and cums. 

I moved around the bed and came up behind the chubby one. She was rather distracted by the fingers of the older nurse that were still playing with her pussy. I started removing her blouse, pulling it up over her head; she assisted by raising her arms. Then I undid the clasp of her bra. And she let it slide off. I lost track of the men but I had noticed they had stopped and assumed Mike must have cum. I motioned them to move back and give us the bed. At this point I was behind the chubby one with my arms wrapped around her cupping her breasts. Her head was tilted back resting on my shoulder obviously caught up in the attention being given to her body. Without stopping what she was doing the older one cleared a spot on the bed I then proceeded to guide the chubby one on the bed. At first she was sitting on the side but the older one put a hand on her legs and guided it up on the bed. The chubby one moved back on the bed and the older one pulled her legs around to her; she ended up lying with her head to the foot of the bed. Finally I got a good look at her hairy pussy; I won't shave and was glad to see a nice carpet, as my husband would say. Thick curly dark hair that I imagine would spill out from her panties had she had any on. Large breasts with big areola and large erect nipples. I wanted to dive in between her legs but the way she was facing did not allow that. I noticed the older one looking at her pussy and wondering if she had ever done this before. Somewhat trepidly she moved forward and started kissing the insides of those big creamy white thighs. Inching ever higher she made her way to the crease in her thighs, how I wish it were I between her legs. Not wasting the opportunity I moved around and started sucking her breasts. Taking her large erect nipple between my teeth and gently nibbling. Then I moved up and started kissing her, I think it took her off guard and the thought past my mind that maybe she had never been with another woman. Later I found out I was right. As we kissed her hand reached between my legs, feeling my wet hairy pussy. She started moaning and I looked down to see the older woman licking her with long swipes from the bottom of her pussy between her lips and up over her clit. Her hips started rocking, trying to get her tongue to pass over the right spots. Soon they were going faster and the moaning got louder. Then she grabbed the older ones head and pulled it tight and was bucking wildly. She was loudly moaning out oh yea oh yea, then she said I AM CUMMING and then collapses on the bed panting and out of breath.

I motioned the guys to leave so I could be alone with the women. 

I laid next to the chubby one on the bed kissing her face and playing with her tits. Her hand was still between my legs although I don't think she was really conscious of it and was rubbing me. After a minute or two she started coming back to earth at which point she actively started rubbing my pussy. Although I would have preferred to have been licked I was content to kiss her as she fingered my clit and soon she brought me to a much-needed orgasm. As we were lying there the older nurse moved up on her other side and was sucking her breast. After a bit we all paused. The older nurse was telling her that she had great breasts and a sexy body but she said she was to fat. We that there are ugly skinny women and sexy big women and we both found her very sexy. The older one admitted to being bi-curious for a long time and when they work nights together had thought of slipping into an empty room with her.

The chubby one nervously offered that she had never done anything like that but added that she had enjoyed it. She told us that no one had ever given her oral sex, she had friends tell about and was wanting to experience but didn't think it would be with a woman. The older one said that she had a roommate go down on her once but she did do anything and had told herself she wouldn't make that mistake again. I confessed I have been doing it for about 5 years and was hoping something would happen tonight. They said they needed to get going as they had a breakfast meeting at 6am so unfortunately they didn't stick around for more.

You are probably wondering why I didn't use names for the 2 nurses. That is because I only knew Carol's name. When they all came in to the room everyone was a little nervous and we didn't introduce ourselves, although Carol had told them my name. 

You are probably wondering what the ladies looked like. I think I am better than average looking with brown hair, blues eyes, 38C, 5'7". A lady doesn't like to tell her weight but I am a size 14, guess you might say I am average or a little bigger. The chubby one was younger guessing in her mid 30's and I know from standing next to her she was close to my height. I did peek at the tag on her blouse and it was a 20W. Although a big girl she carried her weight well. Finally, the older one, she was a couple of years older than me. She was about 5'2" and slender. She had small breasts and I am guessing she didn't really need a bra.

I would be interest in hearing from other women that enjoying seeing two men together.