 Grimaulkin grinned as he saw Ben slam his fist into a man's face. Blood spurted from the wound, not as high or as wide as Hollywood could make it. Blood didn't spatter like that in real life.

The man stumbled and fell back against the wall, putting both hands against it to steady himself. Ben stepped back, calm as could be. 

Ben knew that some street fighters, at the sight of their own blood, would be either coldly angry or charge at him like a bull. This was one of the latter.

With a roar, he went at Ben, who easily sidestepped him and slammed a fist hard into the man's kidneys, most probably rupturing them. The man fell sideways, howling. Ben then leapt on him, and began beating the man into unconsciousness.

The more blows Ben rained upon the man, the more Grim felt himself harden in his pants. Watching his lover "work" always made him horny. To know that this man with such strength and power, could express so much tenderness to him, this made him both proud and hot.

Finally, Ben rose from the still form of the bloodied man, his arm raised in victory. The crowd began exchanging their money, and Ben got his cut from his handler. He turned to see Grim standing alone in the crowd, his hands in his pockets, rocking back and forth on his heels, with a boyish smile on his face. Ben's heart swelled at seeing his boyfriend; and another part of his anatomy threatened to swell also. However he kept it under control by taking off the bloodstained chains wrapped around his arms and hands.

Grim came over. "You made quick work of him. I expected a couple of rounds."

"I was in a hurry," Ben said, and kissed Grim lightly on the mouth.

"Oh? For the shower afterward?"

Both men grinned at each other. Both men knew exactly what this meant, and both of them were looking forward to it. Again, Ben bent down and kissed him, this time with a little more passion. "You know it."

Grim licked Ben's lip and stepped back. He glanced at Ben and smiled, both of them had raging erections. They walked the two blocks home, hand in hand. 

Once inside the door, clothes came off willy-nilly, flying everywhere. Grim's shirt ended up balled under the TV. Ben's pants in a pool at the bottom of the steps. Kissing and fondling, they found their way up the stairs to the bathroom, and there things began in earnest. They slowed down, Ben caressing Grim's back, and Grim rubbing his erection against Ben's abs, and his stomach against Ben's manhood.

Finally, they parted, both knowing each other very well now. No words were needed between them anymore. They both seemed to just know. Ben gently pushed Grim into the huge shower, and Grim grabbed the soap-on-a-rope. Grim got the water going, dodging out of the way of the initial cold spray. 

Ben climbed into the shower. Grim turned and faced him, then took down the shower head, since it was a hand-held one. He sprayed Ben all over, put the showerhead back. Grim then proceeded to suds Ben up.

It was more than Ben could take. With a low growl, he grabbed a hold of the back of Grim's head and kissed him savagely. Grim opened his mouth, happy to receive him, as the Ben initially took over entirely. Grim surrendered, and then Ben slowed down on the kiss. His hand moved to grasp Grim's hard manhood. 

Grim moaned in the kiss, and Ben pulled his head away. He began to kiss along Grim's jaw. He liked the stubble under his tongue, as it felt like sandpaper. Ben settled his head against Grim's neck then kissed it and started sucking slowly. In the same rhythm, he stroked Grim.

However, it soon became apparent that Grim was thrusting into his hand. Ben looked down to see Grim's cock disappear in his hand for a moment, only to reappear at a thrust, its angry purple head huge in his hand. 

Ben whipped Grim around, so he was facing the wall. He wanted to see himself stretch Grim. Grim put his hands on the wall and stood in a spread-eagle position. Ben wrapped an arm around Grim's chest. He kissed and nibbled the back of his neck, while his hand in the front searched and found his nipple. His other hand reached up and Grim and Ben entwined their fingers on the shower tile. 

Grim tilted his butt up. Ben let his cock rest in the crack, but feeling Grim move up and down on it brought him to another frenzy. "What you do to me..." Ben said, and began preparing Grim for entry. He inserted one finger into Grim's rectum, eliciting a huge moan. He thrust it in and out for a while, and then added another. Grim moved on his fingers, his muscles clenching.

Ben then tilted himself down, angling himself over the opening. Grim felt the fingers removed and something much bigger knock at his entry. When Ben entered just his head, he cried out. At the same time, Ben was stroking him harder, faster. All these feelings were enough to send him over the edge. He screamed, lifting his head up sharply. 

Ben leaned into Grim, holding him tightly as Grim shot a load against the wall. Ben chuckled, a gentle laugh, and kissed Grim's neck. "Here we go," he said huskily, and pulled mostly out, then thrust hard back in, shoving Grim into the wall.

It didn't take long, before Ben growled low in Grim's ear, and his body clenched. Grim moaned, feeling him expand, and then fill him. Ben kept holding Grim close as he released deep inside him. 

Then, the water grew icy cold. With a cry, both men jumped out of the shower, separating from each other. Laughing, Ben recovered first, while Grim grinned and threw him a towel. 

Ben laughed, "Need a bigger water heater, that happens every time!"