 I am laying on the bed naked waiting for you to get out of the shower I start to dose off not realizing you are done. Walking to the edge of the bed and drop your towel. You softly place your hands on my ankles and pull me to the edge so my feet are on the floor. Kneeling down you softly blow on my cock. I stir just a little and you begin to lick my balls which start to make me hard. In a half dazed state open my eyes and look down toward you just as you look up at me and slide your wet warm lips over the head of my cock. I watch in delight as you slide your lips down making my cock slowly disappear into your mouth. 

After a few moments you place your hands on my ass and start to spread my hole apart with your thumbs. I can feel the tension as you pull it apart and it closes again. Stretching and relaxing getting me ready for what's to come. You continue to suck my cock I can feel the spit dripping down my balls. Your warm wet tongue sliding up, and down my shaft, sending waves of pleasure through my body. Once you are done sucking me you stand between my thighs. The coolness of the air sends a quick shudder through me and leaves as you take your cock in one hand and mine in the other. You begin to rub your cock over my balls and head. 

Reaching down you place your hands under my knees lifting my legs, resting my ankles on your shoulders. With your cock rock hard you move the head of your cock to my ass and slowly press against it. Slowly my ass relaxes as the head spreads me apart and the tip makes its way in. Sliding your hands down my shines and past my knees you wrap them around my thighs just above the hips. Pulling yourself toward me you slowly drive your hard cock deeply in me inch by inch the smile on your faces as it disappears in to my ass. I can feel my ass spreading with every in filling me until your balls touch my ass. Now that you are completely inside me you lean forward bending me at the hips my knees closer to my chest. I can smell the soap from your shower filling my nostrils like your cock is filling my ass. Moving your hands to the bed next to my hip and begin to push yourself away from me.

The wave of warmth in my ass as your cock slides out of me. My cock bounces with pulses as my ass tightens around you. Pulling back far enough so that just the tip of your cock is in me, can feel the ridge at the tip of your cock. You let your body relax and gravity pull it pushes toward me driving your cock deep inside me widening out my hole massaging it as the length of your cock slides past it. I can feel every inch of you until your balls are pressing against me. Pulling yourself away and pushing forward you pump me over and over again slowing yourself once in awhile so you don't cum to soon. 

Reaching down and stroking my cock just a few times watching it pulse with every trust. You stop stroking me and give my cock a squeeze; I can feel the pressure mount in my ass. Turning your attention back to pumping my ass I can feel the swell in my balls as they pull close to me I can't hold it anymore, I shoot my load all over my stomach and chest. Shot after shot as you pump my ass, pushing the cum out of me, my ass clenching down on your cock. My ankles slide from your should so the backs of my knees are draped over your arms. The feeling in my ass driving me wild as it tightens around you sliding in and out of me over and over. 

Finally the tensions releases in your balls and you shoot your load in my ass. I can feel the warmth of it inside me as you drill me deep being able to stay hard for several more strokes. You are finish by pressing deep inside me, I can feel the softening of your cock my ass squeezing down to milk every last bit of cum. You raise your arms and put my ankles back on your shoulders. You reach down with a slight grin and massage the head of my cock with your thumb. It is so sensitive I writhe with the feeling of too much pleaser. The tingling my cock and the squeezing of my ass makes me want to come again but I have nothing left. Deciding I have had enough you pull out of me, cum dripping down my ass. You grab my ankles and take them from your shoulders and put them back on the floor. You toss me the towel to clean myself up before I get in the shower.