 Author’s Note: Thanks for all the great comments regarding my last story “Locker Room Surprise”. This story is also inspired by real life events that are happening between a friend and I – as we slowly work up the courage to be intimate with each other. Enjoy and please feel free to share your thoughts with me – I greatly enjoy corresponding with my readers.

- - - -

I guess it started a few years ago. I have always been a lover of erotica and pornography, so it became a daily ritual for me to get on the ‘Net and do some surfing. I loved the great amount of hot stories and explicit photos I found, and it exposed me to some things that I had never seen.

One of these forbidden areas was male-to-male erotica. At first I reacted like any red-blooded American male is supposed to feel – repulsed. But after years of seeing women enjoying a nice, hard cock in their mouths, I had to admit that I was a little curious. So, after a little soul searching, I began to read male erotica and imagine myself as a character in them. At first I was attracted to stories where a straight guy is seduced into gay sex, but eventually I found myself fantasizing about taking a hard cock into my hungry mouth and feeling a slick cock enter my virgin ass.

And that is how I got to the point where I started to fantasize about Kevin. He was an old friend of mine with whom I kept in touch with over the years, and no matter how long it had been since our last conversation we were always glad to hear from each other.

We shared an old house in college as room-mates, and we had some pretty wild times together. We each would occasionally bed a comely co-ed, and sometimes it seemed we would compete to see who could be the loudest in bed. Through the thin walls of that run-down bungalow I could hear everything going on in Kevin’s room, and I would sometimes find myself imagining what it would be like to be in there with Kevin and his latest conquest. If I were alone, I would often play with myself while listening to Kevin pleasure some girl. I would often try to time my orgasm with his – imagining that I was shooting several thick ropes of cum into his hot date's quivering cunt. A few times I even imagined that we were fucking her together and that we were shooting our cum across her face.

Kevin was a very good-looking man, and his girlfriends were usually quite attractive as well. He was about my height (6’0”) with a muscular build and an ass that many girls told me was “awesome”. I was no slouch myself, with my broad shoulders and very thick cock.

Anyway, one day, out of the blue I got this email from Kevin telling me that he was going to be in St. Louis that weekend on a business trip. Since I lived in a small town some two hours away, he asked if I would mind coming up and checking out the town with me.

I checked with the wife and got the green-light so I replied that I would be able to come up for the night. I have to admit that my cock twitched a bit when his reply carried the message that I could stay in his hotel room.

For the next few days I was very distracted and horny. I wanted to sit back and masturbate while thinking of some sexy scenario involving Kevin and I, but I realized that I wanted to be a my sexual peak if anything happened. So I went through those few days in a kind of sexual fog – always slightly horny but not wanting to get too turned on.

Finally, at last, Friday was there. I got all the loose ends tied together at work and headed out on the interstate for St. Louis. I was wearing a pair of tan slacks and a nice blue polo shirt. On impulse that morning, I decided to wear no underwear – hoping that this would some how make me sexier to Kevin.

The ride to St. Louis went rather quickly as my mind wandered in and out of fantasies and memories of Kevin. I would start to imagine what his ass would look like as he pounded some lucky coed into his bed, and then I would remember those glimpses of his soft cock that I caught as he went from the bathroom to his bedroom. I even fantasized about him telling me how much he wanted to taste my cock.

I got to the hotel bar early, and I spent the time waiting on Kevin and letting my mind wander, fantasizing about what could happen that night. It was not until I stood up to greet Kevin that I happened to look down at my pants. Much to my embarrassment I could see a large wet spot of pre-cum that had leaked from my neglected cock. The wet spot was very noticeable on my light-colored slacks, and Kevin sensed my acute discomfort as I attempted to look nonchalant.

Thankfully, he just said that I must have spilled something on myself, and he dropped it. I was not sure if he knew the real reason for the spot, but he was cool about it and he made me feel very comfortable.

We sat and talked about what was going on with each other, and I notice that I was having trouble keeping my mind in the conversation. I kept drifting off to the place where I had been the last few days, and I caught myself looking too long at Kevin’s body.

Finally, Kevin said that I acted very tired and asked if I wanted to take a nap before we went out to the bars that night. Without thinking about it, I said "sure", and we started up to his room. After we stepped on to the elevator and the elevator doors closed, I realized that Kevin and I were alone and that there was this sexual tension in the air.

My cock began to gradually harden against my leg as I began to fantasize about us being alone in his hotel room. I was not thinking about anything in particular, but just the notion of us being together made my body yearn for a caressing touch. As I walked down the long hallway following Kevin, my urgent need gave me the strength to gaze longingly at his perfect, tight ass.

And then, abruptly, Kevin stopped and turned toward me. He had almost walked by his room, and by turning around so fast he caught me leering at his beautiful backside. A small smile crept across his lips as he turned back to the door and let us inside.

I nervously entered and went over to the corner of the room – feeling unsure of myself and almost a little scared. I think Kevin could sense my unease, and he quickly told me to hop into one his two beds and get some sleep. He then turned and slowly walked into the bathroom. As I started to lay down on the far bed, I could hear Kevin doing something by the closet. His next words caused my cock to literally throb with excitement.

“I’m gonna take a shower and try to relax after that lousy flight. I’ll try not to wake you.”

A few seconds later I heard Kevin enter the bathroom and then the shower start running. As I sat there on the bed with a stunned look on my face, I began to fantasize about Kevin and his shower. I imagined that I was watching him soap himself up, and I realized that my cock needed to be touched. The situation was filled with too much tension, and I needed to relieve the hard hunger that called from my cock. There was no way I could function in my current state, so I decided to pleasure myself before Kevin was done with his shower.

I then reached down and gave my stiff member a good squeeze through my pants – teasing myself with a taste of the pleasure that was soon to come. But before I could act, I wanted to make sure that Kevin was indeed in the bathroom. I did not want to get caught in the act.

So I quietly walked over to the opening near the sink and closet and peered around the corner. At first, I was disappointed because Kevin had left the bathroom door open a few inches. I was too afraid that I might not hear him come out if I was to pleasure myself on the bed. But after a few seconds, I suddenly realized that a voyeuristic opportunity awaited me. I had the chance to catch a glance of Kevin. Maybe I would get to see his ass or even his cock.

So as softly as I could, I crept over to the open door and peered inside. The scent of hot water and soap filled my nostrils and it further awakened my need to catch a glimpse of Kevin.

At first, all I could see was a toilet and another bathroom sink. I cursed the fates for putting the shower on the other side of the room. I was about to turn away when I saw something that caused my jaw to drop open.

Reflected in the mirror above the sink was the image of a nude Kevin – half hidden by the shower curtain with his back to me. I could see that he was washing his hair, and I silently watched the shampoo run down his lean back and over his awesome, wet ass. I stood there like a statue too stunned by my good fortune to fully realize what I was seeing. It took a few seconds before my hand instinctively moved to my crouch and my lips met as I swallowed hard with my dry mouth. I urgently fished my steel hard cock from my zipper as I sought to see every part of Kevin that I could.

A few glorious moments went by as Kevin finished his hair and I watched longingly as the last of the bubbles cascaded over his chiseled ass. I silently lamented that soon my scene would come to an end, but I also hoped that I would get to see even more of my old college friend.

And did I ever.

An audible moan escaped my lips as I saw Kevin turn around and lift his foot to the back part of the tub. This gave me a perfect view of his front, and my eyes quickly zero’ed in on his cock.

It looked so damn beautiful. He was completely shaven and his cock and balls hung before me like a bunch of luscious, ripe grapes. While he was not large by any means, his equipment was well shaped and caused in me a yearning of deep need. As I stared at the water running off of his enchanting sex, I was struck with the urge to taste his flesh – to gather his sex into my mouth and enjoy the sweetness of his member.

It was then that his cell phone rang. I must have jumped eight feet in the air as I turned and stared blankly at the phone sitting on the sink. I just wanted the damn thing to quit – I wanted nothing to interrupt the amazing show that I was seeing.

I must have frozen there too long because the next thing I am conscious of was Kevin telling me to hand him the phone. It was then that I realized Kevin had gotten out of the shower and was standing next to me at the door. I could not believe it, and I was completely mortified. I quickly grabbed the phone and handed it too him. I was too embarrassed to look his way. My hard cock was sticking straight out of my pants, and I quickly turned and went to the bed.

I decided to act like nothing had happened, so I dropped my pants, took off my socks and shirt, and I jumped under the covers. I feigned that I was going to sleep, and I hoped that Kevin would let the matter drop. For a long minute Kevin talked on the phone and I thought more and more about what I had done and what I had seen. My cock became very noticeable under the sheets as the site of Kevin’s hard ass flittered about in my brain. I decided to turn on my side -- away from Kevin and the bathroom.

Finally, the call was over. And I waited.

For a few seconds I heard nothing and I hoped that Kevin would believe that I went to sleep.

Luckily for me, he didn’t.

I felt Kevin sit on my bed and I heard him nervously clear his throat before he spoke.

“Hey…wake up. I know you are not asleep so you might as well give it up. I want to talk to you about something.”

I hesitated for a second but then I rolled over and looked him in the eyes. He looked so damn sexy wearing just that white towel around his waist. And I could smell the faint odor of the soap on his skin. I gave him a half-hearted smile and I asked him what he wanted. I was ready for him to yell at me and ask me to leave. He didn’t.

“I know you were looking at me in the shower. I saw where you were standing and how you had your cock out. “

He then gave a little chuckle as he saw me turn away in embarrassment.

“Hey, don’t worry. I never got mad in college, so why would I now.”

I gave him a shocked look of someone caught in the act. Did he know that I listened to him in college?

“Yeah, that’s right. I knew that you would listen to me while I fucked some of those girls. One night I went to the bathroom and saw you playing with yourself. I went back in my bedroom and gave you a good show that night,” he said with a hint of pride in his voice.

“To be honest, it excited me to know that you were in your bedroom listening to us,” he confided.

I sat up in bed as I realized that Kevin was not upset with me – he liked that fact that I was spying on him. He continued as he swept his wet hair back over his head.

“But fair is fair. I gave you a good show back then and now in the shower. Now it is your turn to do something for me,” he said with just a trace of nervous tension in his voice.

I asked him what he had in mind as I sat completely up in bed – eager to hear more. This allowed Kevin to see my huge hard-on under the thin sheet.

“Well…to be honest…I think you owe me a show. You got to see me naked, so now I get to see you in all your glory,” he added with a false bravado that was fairly easy to detect.

I was stunned, to be honest. I had thought about this moment many times, but now that it was here I was a little hesitant. It was not that I was not eager to show him my body or start us down an interesting path, but I was simply scared. I was scared of these new feelings that I was experiencing, and nervous with the sexual need that I was feeling. For a few long seconds we just looked at each other and tried to look confident and nonchalant.

“Okay,” I said.

“How do you want to see me?” I asked as I marshaled all the calm I could manage.

Again, there was a long pause as Kevin slowly tilted his gaze downward to my sheet-covered crotch. He slowly moved his hand down to the side of the bed and then he gathered some of the sheet in his fingers. He paused for an agonizingly long time. I wanted so much for him to see my nakedness...for him to see what his beautiful body has done to my cock...for him to respond with desire at what he saw.

He then softly began to pull the thin white sheet towards himself. It felt so sexy to have that sheet slowly caress me as it slid down my stomach and over my crotch. I felt a sudden rush of desire and nervousness when my stiff member was revealed to him and as the sheet traced over my thighs and knee.

For a moment I looked towards his eyes – seeking to draw his gaze and to see the reaction on his face. I nervously shifted my legs wider and I gave him a better look at my neatly trimmed balls. He continued to stare at my cock, and I sensed that he did not want to look up – that he was too nervous to look me in the face.

That is when I reached out my hand and placed it at the top of the towel around his waist. I spoke softly.

“Fair is fair, Kevin. You are seeing me naked, so I get to see you naked again.”

I could not believe how bold my need had made me, but I knew that Kevin needed for me to push things along. And I was eager to do so.

“Here...stand up,” I said a little too firmly, but I was overrun with the need to continue our intoxicating dance.

And with a gentle nudge, Kevin meekly stood up and faced me. He was looking down at my hand, and he was still unable to look me in the eyes. I found him to be incredibly sexy with his muscular chest and small bulge that was poking out of his towel. I should have savored the moment more – after all I had my hand on Kevin’s towel and he was totally vulnerable to me. He was the virgin and I was the one to taste him first.

But my desire would not be denied. With a tug, Kevin's towel fell to the floor and I was treated to the sight of Kevin’s slight waist and semi-hard cock. His pubic hair was cut very short, and his balls and shaft were completely hairless. As I watched in complete hunger, I saw his cock begin to rise as I my eyes caressed it to its full 6 inch length.

His cock looked so incredible! I had always envisioned this lengthy scenario where Kevin and I slowly explored each other. but my senses were in overload. The situation was too intense. My need was too great.

And that is when I took his cock deep into my mouth.

I surprised Kevin (and myself) but we both knew what we wanted – what we needed. And it felt so wonderful and natural. I opened my mouth wide and swirled my tongue around his shaft as I slowly began to rock my head back and forth. I wanted to give Kevin so much pleasure, and I needed to feel his body respond to my touch.

At first Kevin was too stunned to move or say anything, and for several seconds I hoped that he would allow me to continue. For I had a burning desire to share myself with him, and I did everything that I could with my mouth and hand to seduce Kevin to his need.

“Oh, god,” he finally said. And after a few long moments he reached up and caressed the hair on my head. He gently began to guide my head as I sought to pleasure him. He wanted to let me know that he approved – and that he needed this too.

Emboldened by Kevin’s acceptance, I shifted around and sat on the edge of the bed. I took his rigid tool from my mouth and I pressed my tongue against his hairless balls. A great moan of desire escaped his lips as I began to jerk his cock and caress his tasty scrotum with my slick tongue. Back and forth I licked him and he began to tell me how good my mouth felt on his balls.

Rejoicing in the complete seduction of Kevin, I became more brave and I let my left hand wander around to Kevin’s muscular ass. I began to caress his hot cheeks and occasionally I would grab a cheek and guide him deeper into my hungry mouth. Again Kevin breathlessly urged me to continue his pleasure, and I knew that I wanted more.

It really surprised me how much I enjoyed sucking his cock. Oh sure I had fantasized about it before, but here I was with my first taste of cock and I was going at it like a pro. I guess watching all those porn starlets giving head had sunk in. I guess I was paying attention.

I knew what had to come next.

That is when I looked up at Kevin, and for the first time, I caught his eye. His look of need turned to a look of pure animal lust when I told him that his cock tasted so damn good.

I then snaked my finger to the entrance of his tight asshole as I wrapped my other hand his cock. Then as I wiggled the tip of my finger around his tightness, I place my slick mouth around the head of his warm, tasty cock. I gave it a good suck and then I plunged his cock into my eager mouth.

Back and forth I rocked -- sliding my hand down his shaft and replacing it with my sucking mouth, then withdrawing backward until my tight hand was barely covering the tip of his cock. Back and forth I rocked – flicking my finger over his hot hole and pistioning my head over his now incrediblely hard member. I could taste something different now – and I knew that he was leaking pre-cum for me – that he wanted and needed to shoot for me.

And that is when my hunger was at its peak. I needed to feel him cum for me. I needed to know that I brought him such pleasure. That is when I spoke – staring up at Kevin with the head of his cock resting against my lower lip.

“Kevin…I need to taste your hot cum…please cum for me…please let me taste you…please shoot your hot cum deep into my mouth…”

A moan of great need and passion came from Kevin and I knew that he wanted this as bad as I needed it.

That is when I grabbed his ass cheek very firmly and I shoved him forward into my wide-stretched mouth. I then pulled him back and then forward again, and Kevin realized that I wanted him to fuck my hand and mouth. He gave out another groan and he roughly grabbed my head with both hands as he started to fuck my face.

And fuck me he did. His need to cum was great and I could tell by his urgent thrashing that this was not going to be a leisurely fuck. He need to cum now, and he was using me to the fullest to claim his orgasm. He started to curse and moan randomly, and I was glad that my hand was there to stop his cock from penetrating too deep into my mouth. For he was now fucking me hard and I could feel his tight ass cheeks tense each time he thrust into me.
