 Lord Sagi rode into the Capital, like a man on a mission. He ignored the walls of steel and iron that protected the city of commerce. He ignored the harsh, blood red of the flags posted on either side of the main rode, which led to the town square. He also ignored the torches in the dark night that belonged to excited citizens. 

Sagi did not stop his horse until he had ridden up to the wooden, slate platform that marked the direct center of the Capital. The platform was home to all method of punishment for criminals. 

A gallows stood, stained with dried blood and urine that nobody seemed to notice anymore. Along with the gallows, lay a chopping block, suited for decapitation. The block was in a worse state than the gallows but it was a common sight. The third method of punishment was in the midst of preparation. A coal burning stove stood, hot with the fire that would heat up the brand. The long metal iron, with the large cursive “R” on the edge of it, was resting in the heat. 

The crowd surrounding the platform fell quiet when Lord Sagi made his entrance, everyone in the land knew who the man was. The Lord dropped down from his horse and walked onto the platform to begin the sentencing. The moment he arrived, two large, heavily armored guards, as well as Habberforth, brought a struggling Antony out onto the platform. 

Following them, came the man that most in Arodesa revered, with a healthy dose of fear. Everyone watched, with baited breath, as the The Inquisitor walked up to the prisoner in question. The man was tall, thin and sported a long, greying beard. His dark purple, silk robes billowed around him in the warm wind as he walked. The man turned to face the crowd, though he addressed the prisoner. He spoke in a cold, commanding voice which did not match his fragile appearance in the slightest.

“Former handler, from the house of Habberforth, also called Antony, you have been charged with the theft, by way of defiling a Flower. In this way you have stolen from both, Lord Sagi and your former employer. How do you plead?”

Antony lifted his chin in proud defiance, knowing the question was simply a formality. 

“I only did what the little whore wanted,” the man spat out.

Sagi took a menacing step forward at Antony’s words but he was kept at bay when The Inquisitor placed a wrinkled hand on his shoulder.

Antony smiled. If he was going to suffer then he, sure as hell, wanted to make the lord to suffer right along with him. 

“As you have admitted to your guilt,” The Inquisitor spoke again, “The following punishment has been requested by both Lord Sagi and Sir Habberforth.”

The older man returned his gaze to the eyes of the crowd, the torches they held making his eyes sparkle in the dark. 

“No one is to give this man food, shelter, or employment. He is now an outcast of society and will be branded with the sign of a rapist.” 

“No! Stop! You can’t do this!” 

Murmurs arose across the sea of faces at the sound of a female voice that had cut through the silence. 

Moments later, a women with raven hair and a curvy figure pushed through the people around her. She had the same dark hair and olive coloring as the criminal on the platform. Her large breasts were barely concealed by a sheer, green tunic, belted around her waist in gold. Her outfit provided little to the imagination but it was her protest that attracted everyone’s attention. 

People did not say no to The Inquisitor.

At her words, Antony’s face had become pale. A reaction that did not go unnoticed by Lord Sagi.

“Please!” She begged, finally arriving at the front of the platform. “He couldn’t have done what you said. He doesn’t even like men! He’s in love with me!”

“And you are?” The Inquisitor asked.

Habberforth took this as an opportunity to gain himself attention.

“You have the pleasure of speaking with Antony’s sister, my lord,” the man spoke, a smirk playing about his lips. “Her name is Gwen.”

The older man’s eyes widened, “He loves you?” He asked the girl. 

“Don’t say another word!” Antony growled out in terror, knowing the penalty for incest.

Sagi slapped Antony across the face for daring to speak before addressing Antony’s supporter.

“I assure you, Gwen, I would not punish someone who did not deserve it.” 

The woman stopped and stared at the handsome Lord, completely wrapped up in his smoldering gaze. She felt herself getting wet the longer she looked into his eyes. 

“I... but he couldn’t have,” she tried weakly, still caught in Lord Sagi’s gaze.

“He did,” Sagi spoke, his tone insinuating that all discussion on the matter had ended. 

“Do you have someone to take care of you?” the lord asked, seeing a possible opportunity to hurt Antony, one last time.

“N-no m’lord. My brother took care of me and I... I took care of him,” she blushed, having the grace to look embarrassed.

“Work for my house Gwen,” he offered to her.

“No, Gwenny!” Antony interrupted. “Everything is going to be fine. When this is over, people will eventually forget about it! I’ll still take care of you.” 

“Young man,” The Inquisitor interrupted, “You have obviously committed an additional crime. One which is not so easily forgotten. Do not make promises that you can’t keep.” 

He turned to Gwen, “I would take Lord Sagi’s offer if I were you. You are lucky to have been offered protection.” 

She nodded, meekly, and moved to stand at Lord Sagi’s side, turning her gaze to the ground. Gwen may have been relying on her own sense of self preservation but that did not quiet the sadness she felt. First, over the idea of leaving her brother. Second, because she knew she would have to witness his punishment.

With the protest now under control, The Inquisitor walked over to the stove and picked up the heated iron. He slowly turned to where Antony was being restrained, and motioned for a guard to offer the prisoner a strip of leather to bite down upon. Antony, not being a complete fool, took the strip into his mouth, bit down and clenched his eyes shut. 

The Inquisitor waited for the guards to present Antony’s bare chest to him before he pressed the hot metal to his exposed skin. Antony screamed through clenched teeth as steam rose from his melting skin, blood trickling at the edges of the metal “R”. The stench from Antony’s skin filled the air and moments later, the brand was removed. Antony was released and he staggered, before falling to his feet. From his knees, the man looked up in disdain at the lord with his sister. 

“I’m going to make you regret taking her from me,” the bitter man spat.

Lord Sagi bent down to his level, “You have nothing left but your life,” he spoke softly. “Let this go while you still have that.”

***********

The next morning, Aiden woke up to the feel of strong arms pulling him in, against a warm, hard chest. A sleepy smile crossed his lips as he snuggled in closer, finally letting himself completely relax in his Master’s hold. 

“Good morning,” his Master whispered in a gruff tone before kissing the top of Aiden’s head. 

“Did you sleep at all, Master?” Aiden asked.

Aiden was inept at flirting but he tried his best to playfully tease by copying the same question his Master had asked him, after his first night there.

Sagi chuckled lightly, “Not this night little one,” he answered. 

“Would you like to take a nap while I have breakfast? I could bring you some back as well?” 

Aiden couldn’t help but think his questions were too bold once he spoke them. They made him feel as if he were, somehow, in control of his Master, which had not been his intent. Rather, he simply wanted to serve his Master in any way the man might need. 

Sagi considered his boy for a moment before answering the questions. He was pleased by the way his sub had begun to warm up to him. Seeing this eager, sweet side of the boy made his stomach feel like it was full of butterflies. A feeling with which the giant was not familiar, having never felt it towards anyone before.

“I like the sound of that, my pet,” he told the boy before affectionately mussing up his curls. 

Aiden quickly sat up and made his way out of the cloud of warmth, that was the bed. Once he was on his feet, he bent over to retrieve the shirt he wore from the day before. As he reached, the boy felt the light sting of a spanking on his fabric covered asscheeks. Aiden let out a surprised squeak at the contact but smiled as he caught sight of the happy expression reflected back in Master Sagi’s face.

As he turned to face the tired giant, Aiden briefly wondered if he should mention his developing feelings. As soon as the idea presented itself he shook it off. Slaves were not supposed to have feelings or love, he knew better. He gave a sort of wave to his Master and turned to leave the room.

Upon arriving at the kitchen, Aiden was given little more than acknowledgement before a plate of eggs, fruit and toast was sat before him, along with a tall glass of water. The cook was already familiar with the dietary requirements that the lord had for his slaves. Aiden sat alone and ate slowly, not wanting to eat too much. He figured that the slower he ate, the faster he would fill up. The boy did not want to waste any of his Master’s resources on himself or take advantage, even if Master Sagi was a wealthy man. 

Aiden spent a little over an hour eating before asking the cook for an appropriate meal that he could bring to his Master. Aiden grabbed a tray filled with similar food to his own, as well as several different items he could not recognize but they looked delicious. His mouth watering slightly, Aiden shyly wondered if he could be brave enough to ask his Master to feed him a taste of the new delicacies. 

When Aiden was just outside his Master’s suite, he was surprised to hear soft sounds coming from the room. Aiden cautiously peeked through the cracked door and what he saw shot ice cold reality through his heart. A beautiful, dark haired woman had her arms wrapped around the neck of his Master. 

Aiden studied her closely, feeling jealous and a little hurt, though he knew he had no right to feel either. As he took in her appearance he had to admit that she looked absolutely flawless. There was a lovely color to her skin and her sheer garment did little to hide her sensual curves. Aiden watched in anguish as his Master pulled the goddess in close for a kiss. A kiss that looked just as intimate as the first one Aiden had ever received from the man. 

He continued to watch as the woman’s quick fingers started to undress his Master and it wasn’t long before the giant was naked. Just seeing his Master like that had an immediate effect on the boy and Aiden felt his tiny cock harden beneath his linen garment and a hot blush spread across his cheeks.

Moments later, the women stepped out of her clothing to reveal the perfect figure she sported. Aiden watched as his Master spoke, whatever his words, they caused the woman to drop down to her knees before him, immediately.

His Master’s cock was fully hard as the woman’s plump, red lips closed around it. Within seconds the entire length slipped down her throat. 

In that moment, Aiden had finally had enough. Feeling insecure, worthless, and incredibly turned on, his fingers lost their grip on the tray of food. Startled by the noise he caused, and not wanting to get caught watching, Aiden turned away from the sight before him and fled in the opposite direction.

**************

Gwen made her way through the mansion, in search of Lord Sagi’s suite. She had been escorted to his home by the lord’s guards, as he had ridden off once her brother’s branding was complete. The fresh memory of the event set her teeth on edge. She hated seeing her brother’s pain and it broke her heart to choose the man that caused his suffering, even if he was intoxicatingly gorgeous. 

Gwen stopped suddenly, just outside the kitchen, spying a small young man. He looked exactly like the ugly little boy Antony had told her about. At the time, she thought her brother was simply proud of his work, as the topic of Aiden was incessant. She had no idea of the lust that creature would cause in her brother. She glared in the boy’s direction, though he did not see her.

She was curious as to why he wore clothes but the issue did not matter enough to cause her pause. She watched the boy eat, disgusted by the thought that he got to eat his fill where as, her brother, was probably begging for scraps. Her eyes narrowed, filled with malice. She would make him hurt, if it was the last thing she did. 

She wasn’t sure how long she watched with growing fury but, with a start, Gwen noticed the boy was about to finish his meal. 

She decided that now was as good a time as any to exact some revenge and, with a sick sort of grin, she turned away from the kitchen. 

After she walked a little farther down the well lit corridor, Gwen saw a servant girl and made to ask where the lord’s suite was. 

“Why do you want to know?” the servant answered her coldly. “I’ve never seen you here before.”

“His lordship offered me a place in his employment and I was in no position to refuse.”

“Are you replacing the slave?” The girl asked, with a sneer. 

“I wouldn’t presume to know,” Gwen answered, sensing a common enemy between them, “But that is my hope.” 

The girl gave Gwen a bitter look, as she thought over the request for information. 

“I suppose your better than that wretched boy,” she finally said, with a grimace. “Lord Sagi’s suite is in the east wing. Continue to go down this corridor and turn left at the fountain. I’m sure you’ll run into him.”

Gwen thanked the girl before quickly making her way down the path she was given. As she neared the large, white, indoor, marble fountain, Gwen could see the figure of Lord Sagi sitting near the sparkling water. She made sure to swing her hips just so, as she approached her employer. 

The lord rose to receive her and Gwen took the opportunity to push her soft, full chest against his. She titled her head up, before standing on her toes, in an attempt to kiss the lord. When her kiss was returned, Gwen spoke.

“I’d like to thank you properly, m’lord, for taking me into your service. Take me to your chambers and I’ll show you just how grateful I am,” she purred seductively.

Sagi was surprised by the sudden affection and proposition. Though, being caught off-guard, did not stop the thrill of pleasure that went through him at the sight of someone wanting him that badly. Gwen did not ask for permission. She took his love for herself and, though he was a natural dom, there was something just a bit seductive about her actions. 

The Lord had never had anyone rush at him like that. Still, if he was being honest with himself, Sagi wished the attention was coming from a certain someone else. However, her actions had caused his lust to burn within him and it was difficult to ignore the hardening flesh beneath his silk. 

He was not use to having to wait to fuck his slaves. 

While he refused to hurt the boy, more than he had been, the lord had to admit to himself that he craved that method of release. What better way to fill his need than with a person who was freely offering it up to him? He took her hand and led her to his suite, not thinking how Aiden could return at any moment. 

The lord barely had time to shut his door before Gwen pushed herself against him once more. He responded by pulling her close for another passionate kiss before allowing her to undress him. She made quick work of his clothes and then disposed of her own. 

“What do you want?” The lord asked her, a coy smile playing about his lips.

Immediately, she dropped down and took his hard, thick member into her mouth and then throat with ease. Just as she was getting started, both Gwen and the lord heard a crash just outside the suite doors. 

“Aiden,” Sagi whispered to himself, knowing instantly that the boy had seen them.

He wondered how he could have been stupid enough to spend time with Gwen without informing his slave that the rooms would be occupied. Logically, Sagi knew the boy shouldn’t have been surprised by what he saw. As a lord, he was allowed to fuck whomever he pleased. That said, it was, at the very least, inconsiderate to keep his sub out of the loop and that did not sit well with him.

Gwen had pulled off at the interruption, though she was determined to gain back the focus so she broke the silence. 

“M’lord, let me taste you,” she begged. “Forget about the boy, I can please you in ways he never could.”

“Gwen,” Sagi started, “I hope you know that you will not be replacing my slave. I’ve been searching for someone as perfect as he is for a long time. That is not something I’ll easily let go.”

Gwen’s expression soured at his words and she stood to her feet. Her face masked with a defiant glare that perfectly matched her brother’s. 

“That boy is a weakness!” She cried out angrily. “Look at what a night with him has done to my brother! You’re better than this, m’lord. I can give you better!” 

Sagi studied the bitter woman before him and, in that moment, he realized he had made an error in judgment. 

“How did you find my rooms?” He asked Gwen.

“I asked a servant girl, a little way past the kitchen,” she responded hotly, unsure as to why he would want to know.

“Oh, Gwen,” the lord spoke thoughtfully, “I understand now. You knew that Aiden would see us together. You wanted to rattle him, you have a personal vendetta against him.”

When she didn’t respond, the lord continued to speak. 

“I did wonder why you wanted to pleasure the man responsible for you brother’s punishment, but now it is clear.”

The lord walked over to a mahogany desk and took out a purse full of gold aro’s. He brought the bag to Gwen and placed it in her hands.

“I’m afraid I cannot help you anymore than this. The money is my way of an apology for withdrawing my previous offer of sanctuary. I will not house someone that wishes my submissive harm. He belongs to me. I alone, get the privilege of shaping his experiences from here on out.” 

“But, m’lord-” Gwen started. 

“My decision is final, get out of my home, before I have you removed.”

A full bodied blush colored Gwen’s skin at the lord’s clear indifference to her fate and she hurried to dress herself. Once clothed, she took the bag of coins and made to leave, muttering a threat beneath her breath.

“Enjoy your pet while you can.”

**************

Aiden sat, curled in a ball, in the tub of his Master’s bathroom, trying to decide what to do. He wasn’t sure how long he needed to wait before he could see his Master again but he hoped he would have time to clean himself. Once he found a safe place, the boy had frantically rubbed himself to completion. A thing that he had never done without permission before. 

Thoughts of his Master had overtaken him as he mentally replaced the images of Gwen with himself. Aiden imagined touching the warm skin of his Master as he slipped the silky black fabric down his legs. Aiden imagined he could fit the entire length of his Master’s cock down his own throat. The fantasy made him frantic and feverish with want and he could not control his actions. 

When Aiden came down from his climax, shame had coursed through him and he fretted over the mess he was responsible for. Suddenly, thoughts of his worse transgression poked holes in his afterglow.

He had been spying on his Master! 

Aiden hung his head in misery, wondering why he couldn’t seem to do anything right. He was sure to be sent away or punished severely. There was no other way it could go. 

The sound of footsteps echoing against the tile caused Aiden to be acutely aware of his Master’s presence. The boy stared at his hands until he could sense his Master standing right outside the tub. Slowly, Aiden looked up, with a shame faced expression.
