 The black flag billowing above the school entrance stirred up feelings of confusion and dread as I walked into the courtyard. Black wasn't a very popular color for flags, it was dark and aggressive. It swept gently over the heads of the students as they filed inside, a few of the taller boys swatting it out of the way. It bore a simple design. A large white capital B lay in the middle of the flag with a white circle surrounding it. Initially confused, I then remembered what date it was, February 13, the beginning of anniversary week.

Barrington Academy for Boys was celebrating one hundred years since its founding today. A school established by the wealthy family of the same name, it had quickly managed to become one of the most elite high schools in the country, boasting several notable faculty and alumni. Virtually all of the students attended university upon graduation, with most going to Ivy League schools. Going to Barrington essentially guaranteed you a good future - if you considered a good future to be lots of money, success and power of course. 

I walked up the courtyard toward the flag which grew ever more looming as I made my way under it and walked inside. The B was not the symbol of the school, we had a silver crest with an eagle on it, but it was the symbol for the Barrington family. I didn't know a whole lot of the history of the family. It was common knowledge they were among the wealthiest families in the country. I knew there were quite a few Barrington Hotels scattered around the world and I had also heard that they had some stake in Microsoft. Mostly, my knowledge of the family extended as far as their public face - the Barrington Brothers.

The Barrington Brothers were the three youngest members of their family. Saul, Axel and Russell Barrington were powerful and handsome business men who were due to make an appearance today at the beginning of anniversary week. Celebrities in their own right, the brothers frequently appeared in newspapers and tabloids as pictures and lewd gossip of their lavish lifestyle was reported to the masses. They dated models, flew around the world in private jets and went to the world's most exclusive parties. As you can imagine, they were idols to the boys at the Academy, most of the students aspired to be like them when they grew up. Personally, I thought the fascination with them was a little stupid. Aside from being born into a rich family, what else did they do?

I stopped at my locker on the second floor and took out the books I would need for my morning classes. I felt a quick clap on my back. I turned and was greeted by my friend, Peter. "Hey Jasper," he said. He rested his shoulder against the locker beside mine and stopped me from taking out more books. "You wont be needing those this morning," he said.

"How come?" I asked. "What's going on?"

"The Barrington Brothers are here jackass! Everybody's going to the grand hall now."

"Oh, sweet. I didn't think they'd be here this early. Do we get to miss all our classes?" 

I threw my books back in my locker and joined the growing throng of students who were making their way downstairs to the grand hall. 

"What are they gonna be talking about?"

"Not really sure. I asked a couple of the teachers I saw this morning, they all said they'll just be talking about the history of the school and how proud they are it's a hundred years old, that sorta shit."

I nodded. "So, we're not gonna hear about that time Russell had his 34th birthday party in Australia and rented out the whole Sydney Opera House and filled it with hookers?" 

Peter laughed. "Oh man, I fucking wish. Can you imagine the stories they could tell if the teachers weren't here?"

"Are they here all day?" 

"I doubt it. They've gotta be too busy to hang around a bunch of kids. Probably just the morning."

Peter and I entered the grand hall and quickly shoved our way to the front as quickly as possible. The room was still pretty empty as many other students had clearly missed the memo we weren't in class this morning. We managed to get two seats in the middle of the front row on the right side of the hall.

"I can't wait to see Saul," Peter said, rubbing his hands excitedly over his thighs.

"Which one's he again?" I asked.

Peter rolled his eyes. "And you call yourself a Barrington student. He's the oldest, the one with the beard?"

"Oh yeah, right."

"He makes me want to grow one," Peter said.

"Pete, no offense but you can't grow a beard. You'll be waiting a good long while."

"Yeah, well neither can you!"

"Yeah but I'm not as desperate to look like somebody else," I pointed out.

Peter shoved me playfully and we laughed. I crossed my arms and slouched down in my chair as I waited for the morning's events to take place. The hall was quickly starting to fill up and most of the students had their phones at the ready to take pictures of the brothers when they got on stage. 

"I just don't get the fascination," I said, peering around the room at the wide eyes and grinning faces.

Peter shrugged. "Some people just don't recognize greatness when they see it," he said, smirking. "Maybe you'll be more impressed when they're actually sitting right in front of you." 

The room quickly began to fill and the teachers were starting to make their way onto the stage, talking among themselves. "You know, I've heard that Axel is into some really weird shit, you know, sex and stuff. At least that's what the papers all say. Apparently he's into chains, whips, that sort of shit." Peter shook his head and sighed. "What a legend."

I laughed and reluctantly sat up in my chair as one of the teachers scolded me for appearing disinterested on such a special occasion. 

"Jasper, honestly, pull yourself together. You're eighteen years old and you better start acting like it. Set an example for the younger students," she said.

The principal of Barrington Academy walked onto the stage and toward the podium as the rest of the faculty took their seats behind him. Principal Hastings was a tall, thin man with light brown hair and rimless glasses. Virtually all of his clothes were too big for him and he looked old and tired. He was regarded by most of the students (and quite a few of the teachers) as a bore and didn't seem as interested in school activities as one would expect from the head of the school. He had managed to keep his job somehow thanks to the great relationship he had with the Barrington family, or at least that's what everybody said. What the family saw in him, I wasn't sure. Of course, I wasn't sure what Principal Hastings saw in the Barrington family either. 

"Welcome students and faculty to this very special occasion," Hastings began, before stopping to cough and ajust his glasses. "I want to thank you all for being here today on the beginning of anniversary week. The week where we will be celebrating one hundred years of this magnificent school educating our nation's best and brightest." Hastings coughed again and took his glasses off to clean them. "It is with great pleasure," he finally began again, "that we welcome Saul, Axel and Russell Barrington to the school their great great grandfather created."

The hall erupted into a chorus of applause and cheers. Several of the older students leaped out of their chairs and threw their hands in the air, clapping frantically at the mention of the three brothers names. "Quiet down, quiet down," Hastings croaked. "That's enough now, we're all excited but you must contain yourselves." The cheers settled down after a moment and the teachers exchanged excited whispers with one other as the brothers appearance drew closer.

Peter had his phone at the ready and I slouched down in my chair again. "The Barrington Brothers have done more for this school and this country than any of you can imagine," Hastings said. I threw my head back and groaned, before briefly hunching over as Peter elbowed me in the stomach. One of the female teachers shot us a hateful glare. "I trust that you will treat them with the utmost respect and politeness that they deserve. It is thus with great pleasure that I give you Saul, Axel and Russell Barrington."

The hall once again burst into a chorus of cheers and screams as every student and teacher stood up and clapped proudly as three tall, suited men appeared. I had seen pictures of the Barrington Brothers several times on TV and in magazines, but even I had to admit, they were very handsome men. A lot more handsome in real life, in fact. 

Russell, the youngest of the trio, sported a shaved head and a heavy brow. Even dressed in an expensive navy suit complete with designer shoes, he looked like the sort of guy who would snap you in two if you looked at him funny. His skin was olive and smooth. The shortest of the three, his muscles looked ready to burst out of the suit he was wearing. 

Axel, the middle son, was taller than Russell and while still very muscular, was of a slimmer build to his brother. His hair was black and styled into a tight crew cut. He had a generous helping of stubble which accentuated the effortless masculinity he exuded. He was pale compared to Russell and was friendly and approachable looking. He appeared in stark contrast to the sexually deviant claims Peter had made about him. I frowned and shook my head - what was the average S&M enthusiast supposed to look like?

By the time my eyes found their way to the oldest brother, I felt my face flush. Saul Barrington was the most handsome man I had ever seen. I looked down for a moment to try and compose myself but could only keep my eyes off him for a mere moment before I had to look again. He was very tall, at least 6'5 with broad, thick shoulders and a narrow waist. His hair, like Axel's, was jet black. He was tanned like Russell and his thick hair was slicked back from his face, accentuating his dark eyes. His suit, shirt and tie were all black. The cheers immediately began to quieten down as he gazed down at the crowd of students before him.

"Are you ok?" Peter asked. "You look like you just saw a ghost?"

"Huh? Uh, yeah, yeah. I'm fine."

Axel and Russell both sat down on either side of the three chairs that had been laid out for them in the center of the stage. Saul remained standing and addressed the audience. 

"My brothers and I would like to thank you all for being here today, even though this is compulsory," Saul said, smirking. The room erupted in laughter, some of it authentic and some forced. "It means a lot to us to be standing on this stage on the centennary of the day our great great grandfather founded this magnificent academy. My brothers and I attended this school ourselves in our younger days, and we hope that you feel as honored as we did to walk these halls everyday."

I rolled my eyes and looked around the room. Virtually everyone's attention was captivated by the handsome orator. Peter looked like he was in some sort of trance. My eyes traveled up Saul's legs. They were thick and muscular, so much so that his suit pants were incredibly tight. The sculpted firmness of his quadriceps gave way to a clear and pronounced bulge that rounded off the dominant male presence that he exuded. My eyes flickered momentarily behind him as I thought I noticed one of the other brothers, Axel, staring down at me. His eyes were back on his brothers so quickly I couldn't tell if it had just been my imagination. 

Axel and Russell both made brief speeches of pleasantry after their brother took his seat and then Hastings explained that students would now be given the opportunity to ask the trio questions. "But remember, this is a school for gentlemen, and we would appreciate if you upstanding young men asked your question with regard to that." The three brothers smirked and exchanged glances with each other.

Dozens of hands shot into the air and fluttered about frantically as every student tried to grab the brothers' attention. The questions ended up being anything but gentlemanly, but there was little Hastings or any of the other members of faculty could do about it after the brothers insisted they were fine with it. Several students asked about the brother's wealth, their private jets, the mansions they called home, the hotels they owned, the resorts they stayed in. A few more outspoken ones jokingly asked about their sex lives and the brothers humorous answers led to raucous applause and adulation from the crowd. 

I found myself growing more and more incensed with the Barrington's unabashed boasting of their lifestyle. Did no one else see the blatant nepotism? The elitism? The unfairness? Hastings stood up from his chair and told the students that we could ask one final question. I decided then and there that it was now or never. I raised my hand in the air. Saul pointed to me and nodded. I stood up. 

"Yeah, I was just wondering, don't you guys think it's, I don't know - sort of unfair? That you have all this wealth and stuff but you didn't really do anything to earn it?"

I could feel hundreds of hateful glares burning into the back of my skull as the room fell silent. Saul, Aaxel and Russell all stared at me blankly, I couldn't tell what they were thinking.

"You fucking asshole," a student sitting behind me hissed.

"Fuckin' attention seeker," another whispered.

Finally, Axel smirked and replied. "Well, young man, we've been earning our wealth since the day we were born. We were born into a family with a lot of money sure, but we've worked for what we have. My brother recently purchased an island in Fiji. Not a dime of that was spent using money we inherited or are due to inherit. He paid with it due to his own success in business. Does that sound unfair to you?"

I felt embarrassed. I opened my mouth to respond, still unsure as to what I was going to say when Hastings beat me to it. 

"That's all the time we have for this morning I'm afraid," he said, standing up and moving towards the podium. The students groaned and booed. "Please wish a big thank you once again to the Barrington brothers for coming to speak to us today."

The room filled with cheers as the brothers nodded their thanks at the audience and shook hands with the teachers. The students began to file out of the hall and a few nudged me as I made my way out. 

"What was that?" Peter asked as we made our way up to the classroom. 

"I just asked a question," I said.

"Yeah, and made yourself look like a dick in front of the whole school." Peter shook his head and laughed. 

"No big deal. I'm sure those brothers will get over what I said."

"You never know," Peter said. "Maybe they're the type to hold a grudge."

* * *

My mom was waiting for me in the car after school. I threw my bag in the backseat and sat down across from her.

"Hey Jasper," she said, starting the car and turning onto the road much quicker than she usually did. "How was school today?"

"It was okay," I said. "We got to miss all of our morning classes cause those Barrington guys were here."

"Really? Well that must have been interesting."

"It was alright. They seemed kinda full of themselves, everybody else loved them though. 

Pete was practically foaming at the mouth..."

I noticed my mom was hardly paying attention to a word I said. She was staring out the windshield with a bewildered look on her face. 

"Mom, are you okay?"

"Hmm?"

"Are you alright?"

"That's great sweetie, I'm glad to hear that."

I sighed and looked out of the window. It usually takes half an hour to drive from school to my house but mom made it home today in fifteen. I went inside and saw three saddlebags sitting on the ground by the door.

"Hey buddy," my dad said as he trudged downstairs carrying a bag of toiletries.

"Are you going somewhere?" I asked.

"Your mom and I have to go away for the night."

"It's my cousin Abigail," mom said as she shut the front door. "She's fallen very sick and we're driving to Greenwood tonight to see her so you'll be on your own for the night. We'll be back tomorrow."

I nodded. I had only met Abigail a handful of times in my eighteen years. "Tell her I said I hope she gets better soon."

"We will Jasper. Have a good night okay? Your father and I need to get going soon, probably in the next half hour or so. There's some lasagna in the fridge for your dinner and don't forget to lock up when you're going to bed."

"Cool."

My parents were gone around twenty minutes later so I spent the evening lazing around the house. I found the local paper sitting on the kitche counter and flicked to the story on the Barrington Brother's appearance at my high school. The article featured a picture of the trio with Principal Hastings and mentioned that they had recently done some reconstruction on Barrington Manor, the house their family had lived in for generations. 

I went to bed around 11:30 and fell asleep almost immediately. 

A strange thump brought me out of my slumber. I opened my eyes and sat up in the bed. I heard a shuffling noise coming from downstairs. I reached under my pillow and checked the time on my phone, 3:48 am. I crept from my bed and cracked open the door of my bedroom, being careful to make as little noise as possible. The hallway was empty and none of the lights downstairs had been turned on.

I waited a moment by the door and listened. Nothing. I crept over to my closet and reached to the top to pull down an old baseball bat. I had my phone ready in my other hand to call the police if there had been a break in. I made my way over to the banister and peered down at the front door and the foyer. No sign of a forced entry and no noise anymore. Slowly creeping downstairs, my breathing was shallow and quiet so I wouldn't alert my presence to anyone who could be waiting in the darkness. 

I slid my socks along the foyer floor to create as little noise as possible. The kitchen door was open but I couldn't remember if I had left it that way or not. I peered inside - nothing looked out of the ordinary. A bead of sweat ran down my left temple as I stepped inside the kitchen. I quickly darted around the island and crouched down behind it and scanned the dim of the room. It was then that I noticed the sliding door leading outside to the back garden was cracked open. 

"I locked that!" I whispered to myself. Who could have opened it? Did mom and dad have a spare key lying around somewhere that I didn't know about? When I was sure the coast was clear, I walked over to the sliding door, closed it and (re)locked it. Before I got the chance to turn around, a pair of gigantic arms seized me from behind. The baseball bat and my phone dropped out my hands instantly as I was lifted into the air. My legs flayed around as I tried to free myself from the grasp of the man who had me. 

I screamed for help, knowing well no one would be able to hear me. I could tell the man was incredibly tall and muscular. He was built like a wrestler or a bodybuilder. I continued to scream until a sharp pain struck the back of my head and then there was nothing.

* * *

My body was shivering uncontrollably when I woke up. My head throbbed and I felt dizzy and weak when I opened my eyes. I peered around the strange room I was in and quickly realized it was a cell. It was small and dark. A single, drab bed lay on the right side of the room with a steel toilet on the left. Cell bars trapped me inside. I put my palms on the cold cement floor and slowly pulled myself up. I had been stripped of my pajamas and was left only in underwear. I stumbled to the bed and pulled the single blanket off and wrapped it around myself for warmth. 

There wasn't a single window in the cell, so I had no way of determining where I was or what time of day it could be. What had happened after I had been knocked out in the house? Where had I been taken to? How long had I been unconscious for, an hour? A day? I gripped the thin bars of the cell and tried peered out into the darkness, craning my neck to see as much as I could. Outside the cell was a dark hallway. There were red lights hanging from the ceiling every few feet going up and down the hall. I appeared to be in some sort of dungeon or prison. The red light against the darkness created a disquieting gloom. 
