 Here I am naked, on my back on a leather sling with my ass hanging over the end and my legs up in the air. I am not alone. One is standing to my left offering me his semi-hard cock. Another is standing between my legs. We are naked. 

How did I get here? Well, it all started about a year ago. I was perusing the internet when I came across a web site that sold leather and bondage goods. Included in their catalog were body cages and various slings. Now up to this point I had not aware such a device existed. They intrigued me and I thought it would be interesting to try out.

My travels take me to all of the major cities in North America and Europe and I enjoy visiting baths. I put the idea of the sling in the back of my mind and went on with my usual routine.

Recently, I was in a large city with a substantial gay population. This city had several baths. In the past my time was short to visit this city. However on this visit I would be staying about two weeks. This included two weekends and would give me more time to explore the different baths.

My first night out was at the bath I had visited on previous trips. It was a worth while visit as I had a good time.

The first weekend I had to myself I decided I would try a new place. This place had an advertisement in the local free newspaper. It had a web site listed to I checked it out. It gave a good description of the place, including several pictures. Their web site mentioned that they had a sling room. That did it. I was determined to visit and see if I could use it, even if it was only to watch.

The bath was the typical one where you check in, pay the fee and get a towel. They also supplied lube and condoms. I found my locker, stripped and headed for the showers. It was a nice clean place with open showers, a large Jacuzzi and steam room. I showered and sat in the Jacuzzi for a while surveying the cliental. I spent about an hour between the Jacuzzi, steam room and the showers, relaxing and talking to some of the other visitors. One man was of particular interest. He was tall about 6’2” and 225 pounds. Not muscular but not fat either. He probably worked our regularly and did a lot of swimming. He seemed interested in me as we kept bumping into each other in the wet area. He said his name was Jacob

During one of our visits to the steam room Jacob asked if I had had a chance to visit the rest of the facility. As I hadn’t he offered to be my guide. So we showered, dried off and proceeded to tour the place. He showed me the workout facility and then proceeded to the upper floors. The first floor has more lockers and some small rooms. A few doors were open and men were lying on the backs or fronts, naked, displaying themselves for all to see.

The second floor contained more rooms, some larger and a few with windows. These windows had curtains on the inside. The occupant could open or close them as he saw fit. Most were closed as either they empty or the user was too shy. One or two were open. We stopped to watch one room. In this room a nice looking white guy on his knees with an equally attractive man inserting his nice cock into the ass of the first and slowly pumping in to him. We watched for a few minutes and as the top began to speed up the action, the moans from the bottom became louder. All this did for Jacob and I was to cause our cocks to rise and harden. Jacob suggested that we continue the tour. 

On the top floor we found a video room where they were playing gay prono. We continued to explore. At the end of the floor we found another room. Jacob said that this room was ‘special’ but that it was usually locked.

Just then an attendant appeared and unlocked the room. He advised that management had decided to open this play room once a week so that the cliental could avail themselves of the special gear. On one wall was that my friend called a St. Andrews cross. He explained that this was used by the SM/BD crowd. The room also contained an old time stock for a person’s head and wrists to be imprisoned. On the last side there hanging from the ceiling was the sling. My cocked jumped at the sight of this device. Here almost a year after first learning of the device I have come face to face with it.

My friend asked me if there was a problem. I explained year old internet visit. He said that he had used it before as the top and always found it interesting to use. Jacob asked me to wait a minute and left only to return quickly with a fistful of condoms and lube. He asked me if I was willing to use it. Jacob removed his towel and displayed a very hard seven inch cock. My answer was to drop my towel and proceed to the sling. Having never used it I found a little difficult to use. Jacob told me to hold on to the chains at the far end and he proceeded to lift my legs. The chains at the end where my legs were had a leather cuff on each about three feet high. Jacob put my ankles in these cuffs. I was a bit concerned but he assured me that there was no danger as I could get of these cuffs easily.

While we were in this play room several of the others had wondered in. So here I am naked, on my back with my legs in cuffs and my ass exposed to all. My friend was standing at my ass. His cock looked huge in its erect state. He had place on condom on it and was now lubing my asshole. At this point a good looking guy came over and started to play with my cock and nipples. I reached over and took his cock in my hand and proceed to play with it. It grew in my hand to about eight inches. My attention was diverted to my friend who now had two or three fingers in my ass. He lubed me and had me ready to receive his manhood. He placed the head of his cock at my asshole and I could feel him slowly pushing it in. It was fantastic. He slid in easily. Now I understood the real advantage of this sling. He took hold of the chains and began to swing me. This caused his cock to penetrate me as he pulled me closer to him and to easy himself out as he pushed away. He was able to fuck me with ease.

The sensation was great. It was almost like floating. Jacob proceeded to fuck my ass and gradually began to pick up speed. Our moans had attracted others and now we were the center of attention. I don’t know how long it took, maybe fifteen minutes, but my friend gave out a loud grunt and said he was coming. I could feel his cock growing inside of me. After a few more quick in and outs he stopped and remained inside of me while our breathing returned to normal.

As soon as he stepped away another took his place asking if it was okay to fuck me. These guys were so polite. The cock I had been holding was now invading my ass and another cock was offered to me to suck. I could also feel a cock being placed in my hand.

It was difficult to concentrate on the others while my ass was being plowed. Eventually the second cock was replaced by a third and even a fourth. At this point my own cock was ready to explode. One of the guys who fucked me offered to suck me off. He stood between my legs and proceeded to give me one fine blow job. I realized at this point that one of the walls was mirrored and the guy sucking my cock was having his ass plowed at the same time. What a sight!

After I came I laid back and relaxed for a few minutes. Jacob reappeared and asked if I had a good time. I said yes but that I was tired and perhaps it was time to let someone else use the sling. He helped me up and we proceeded to the Jacuzzi to recover.


He told me that he usually visits the baths about twice a month. He said that he was seriously thinking of installing a sling at his apartment. I told him that if he ever did I wanted to be the first to use it. Of course I told him that he could be the second as I wanted to fuck his ass.