 Hope everyone enjoys part 3! Much love! XXX

Aiden gingerly stepped into the tub and sank down into the warm water. As the liquid surrounded him, he felt himself instantly relax and found that his muscles and ass didn't sting quite as much. Though his body now felt calm, his mind was running a mile a minute, as he thought about Master Sagi's proposal. He didn't know what to do or what the right answer should be. 

Aiden had never been given the opportunity to choose anything for himself in his entire life. The thought of making a life altering decision was a weight he didn't want to bear. Tears began to flow down his cheeks once more, though they were due to his frustration. He wondered what Master Sagi would want him to chose. 

Freedom... a life without submission... a life without a place for him. How would he survive out in the Capital without a purpose? Who would even spend time with him once they knew he was suppose to be a Flower? What right did he have to act above his position in society? 

The questions he had scared him but so did the choice of staying with Master Sagi. In one afternoon he had been given a clear example of how much displeasing his Master would hurt him and pain was something Aiden always feared.

Still, beyond reason, the question that scared Aiden the most was wondering, what if he chose to stay but Master Sagi chose someone else as his mate?

There was no denying, though the pain on his asscheeks tried to quell them, Aiden had already developed strong feelings of attachment to his Master. The thought of being anywhere without Master Sagi started to depress Aiden. He knew all it would take were a few more kind moments and he would be in love with the giant no matter how the man hurt him. Aiden shook his head in defeat as he wondered why he was so pathetic that he couldn't be alone or be in control of his own life without nearing a panic attack.

There was a single knock on the outside of the bathroom door before it swung open and Sagi stepped inside. He carried a chair with him and placed it by the tub. He then grabbed a few bottles hair product and brought them to the chair as well before seating himself. As Sagi settled in he noticed the red rimmed eyes of his little slave. 

Sagi was immediately concerned that his punishment had gone too far and that Aiden was still crying from the pain. 

"What is it my pet?" He asked the boy.

Aiden felt an involuntary shiver run through his body because of the way his Master addressed him. 

"Do you want me to leave?" Aiden asked, trying his best to mask his despair. 

"I want you to do, what you want to do," Sagi told him. 

"I don't want to leave you," Aiden practically whispered. 

Sagi's heart swelled with hope upon hearing the words.

"Training will be hard but I will take care of you," he encouraged.

Aiden took comfort in his Master's words and believed them wholeheartedly. 

Sagi gazed at Aiden warmly, enjoying the small talk between them. 

The bubbles had all but disappeared from Aiden's bath when Sagi sent for several bowls of fresh, warm water. 

"This would be easier in the shower but I'm not sure if you could stand without pain," Sagi explained to Aiden.

Sagi grabbed one of the bowls and gently poured the water over Aiden's curls. Next, he grabbed a bottle of shampoo and worked it into a lather before massaging little circles into Aiden's scalp. Aiden thought he'd died and gone to heaven. No one had ever spoiled him in this way as he had previously taken lukewarm showers in the bath-hall with all the other slaves. 

Sagi rinsed the soap from Aiden's hair and then repeated the steps with conditioner. Once he was satisfied that Aiden was clean, he helped the boy out of the tub and wrapped one of the heated towels around him before he picked the boy up and carried him back to his suite. 

While in his arms, Aiden shyly turned his lips to the cheek of his Master and gave him a sweet kiss to thank him for the bath. 

Sagi grinned at the bravery and set the boy down on his bed before using the towel Aiden wore to dry him off. Once again Aiden was naked and hard in front of his Master. Aiden resented that the drug did that to him and he wished he could feel his sexual desires naturally. He idly wondered if mates were allowed to be drug free. 

"What's going on in there?" Sagi tapped his finger against Aiden's furrowed brow.

"May I ask a question, Master, about being a mate?"

"Aiden," Sagi cautioned, "Just because you're choosing to stay doesn't mean we will automatically mesh well. There's still a lot of work to be done with you and you may change your mind once we start." 

Sagi's words stung him and rather than ask his question, Aiden set his sights on counting the threads that made up the bedsheets. Feeling guilty, Sagi tucked his hand under the boy's chin to turn his gaze upward. 

"If it doesn't work I will do everything in my power to make sure you have a good life somewhere else. You may even chose a new Master if freedom scares you," he added gently. "Now, what was your question?"

"I just wanted to know if mates got to be drug free?" Aiden asked in a timid voice. 

Sagi's face clouded for a moment as he took in the real question behind what Aiden asked. He brought his hand up to the young man's cheek, caressing it while he spoke. 

"You've never known a day without that drug, little one. I am sorry but you would never survive the detox. Going off of it would end your life." 

Aiden's face fell and he looked down at his small, throbbing cock with hate. He did not wish to be so turned on at the moment. He was enjoying the conversation with his Master. No one had ever spoken to him as if he were allowed his own ideas. A question about the drug would have gotten him a beating by his previous owner. 

The boy leaned his cheek into his Master's palm, soaking up the touch while trying desperately to keep from sucking one of Sagi's fingers into his mouth. The more he tried to resist the harder he became, to the point that he was in excruciating pain. Aiden drew in a shaky breath and lifted pleading eyes to his Master. He needed release but he knew better than to fix the problem on his own. 

Sagi looked Aiden in the eyes as he brought his hand within millimeters of the boy's dick but he did not grab him. Aiden cried out in distress, needing his Master's touch. 

"Do you need some help with that?" Sagi repeated the playful question from that morning but now he spoke it in a more sensual tone. 

Aiden nodded frantically and was rewarded when the man took him into his palm. Sagi rubbed the leaking pre-cum back onto Aiden's penis as Aiden quivered in excitement. 

"Cum for me little sub," Sagi whispered into his ear, knowing the boy was already close to the edge.

More than ready, Aiden cried out and shot about four stands of creamy seed which now coated his Master's hand. Sagi lifted his hand to Aiden's lips and the boy lapped away at his own cum. He thoroughly cleaned his Master's hand, not wanting to miss a drop. Once he was finished, Aiden tugged at the waistband of his Master's pants, thirsty for more.

Sagi slid his pants down and let Aiden take in the cock that now owned him. He pushed it against the boy's willing lips. 

"Take it," he ordered. 

Aiden obeyed instantly and did his best to fit as much of it as he could into his small mouth. 

"That's a good little bitch," Sagi groaned as he pushed Aiden further down the length of his growing cock. 

Aiden tried and failed to fit his Master down his throat. He had never been able to do it unless he was forced and those times usually ended in him passing out. Still, he tried and tried again. He wanted to prove to his Master that he was better than any slave he had ever bed before. 

Sagi had been steadily pumping into the boy's heated mouth but he began to slow his pace when Aiden started to gag and then choke. The boy didn't pull off so Sagi continued to assault his mouth, all the while watching for any indication that Aiden was not okay. When the choking got so bad that the boy began to change color, Sagi pulled off of him in concern for his safety. 

"No!" Aiden shouted in protest before he remembered to whom he was speaking. 

He ducked his head, ready to be hit for talking back. 

"I'm not letting you pass out on me!" Sagi scolded in his deep, booming voice. "I don't care what anybody else has made you do. Forget all of it right now! If you want to be mine, then all that matters is what I want."

Aiden couldn't help himself, he let out a moan at hearing the dominant tone his Master used and he felt his stubborn little dick harden once more.

"Don't you ever take matters into your own hands again!" Sagi punctuated his command with a light warning slap against Aiden's cheek.

Aiden nodded and was about to resume his blowjob when Sagi stopped him. 

"We needs to discuss the rules, since it seems you are staying." Sagi smiled at the idea that Aiden wanted to stay. The longer he spent with the boy, the more hopeful he became. 

Aiden was small, sweet and a true submissive. He was lost without a master to guide him but he also craved love and affection. All his life he had been taught that he would only ever be able to satisfy the needs of his submissive side. The heart of a pleasure slave was of little consequence to anyone, except to Sagi. 

Aiden was already just about in love with the giant and he tried his best to listen to the rules of the house, wanting to be obedient. He couldn't bare the thought of being sent away to someone else. He had to find a way show his Master that he was capable of anything. 

Most of the rules in question sounded simple. He could only eat what his Master gave him. He wasn't to speak to anyone alone. He wasn't to wear clothes in his Master's rooms. He had to keep himself clean and ready, always. He wasn't allowed to say no. 

Those were all fairly basic but then Master Sagi ordered two more that caused Aiden to disappear inside himself, both mentally and physically. First, he was told he could not go anywhere without his Master unless he had a handler with him. It wasn't so much that he wanted to go somewhere alone but that he would have to face another handler. What if the new one raped him too? His Master might see it as a pattern and have him killed! The thought terrified him.

The other rule was just as bad. He had to sleep in his Master's arms every night. This rule should have made him happy but he could not imagine a time that sleep would come easily when, all the while, he felt trapped in the embrace.

Sagi was surprised to see disappointment on his new sub's face. Every slave he bought had desired to sleep with him and only two were ever granted that reward. Aiden had been given that treatment from day one but he behaved as if being held was unreasonable. The beast inside Sagi made him want to chain Aiden to the bed until the boy slept, forcing him to do his will. Sagi chose a different path, wanting more for himself than a fearful partner. 

"Why don't you wish to share my bed, little one?" He asked.

Aiden looked down at his lap, not wanting to relive the night he became worthless. Still, he was more afraid that Master Sagi would punish him for not answering his question. 

"It's not you," Aiden spoke in a soft voice, wishing something would distract his Master from the words he was about to speak.

"When you hold me... I... I can't... break free. It reminds me of when my handler deflowered me." 

Aiden let out a distressed gasp when the words left his lips. He hadn't meant to tell his Master who had hurt him. Aiden trembled as thoughts of Antony's retaliation filled his mind.

"It was a handler?!" Sagi felt red, hot rage boiling in his veins when he learned who stole from him. 

Aiden tucked himself into a tight ball and nodded his head, quietly, in answer to his Master's question. 

With great strain, Sagi took several deep breathes and forced himself to calm. He had more important things to do then go into a rage over somebody who wasn't even there. He inched closer to Aiden and gently ran his hand up and down the side of the boy's leg, wanting to comfort him.

"It won't hurt like that when I fuck you," Sagi told him.

Aiden peaked out over the tops of his hands to make eye contact with the man. 

Sagi trailed his hand towards the boy's inner thigh while he spoke. 

"You will beg for it by the time I'm through with you and you will crave being filled to the brim with my seed."

Sagi moved his fingers to tease the area of the boy's ass that sat right above the mattress in his current position. Aiden let out a little moan, hoping for more than just a teasing conversation. He loved hearing how his Master would fill him but he was skeptical about the pain. He let out a disappointed sigh when his Master stopped his ministrations and made to get up. 

Sagi looked down with an impish grin at the way his sub clearly needed the physical contact. He then walked to his closet and grabbed several silk ties. He brought them back to the bed and took one of Aiden's ankles in his hands. He tied the silk securely around the boy's ankle and stretched his leg out of its current position before tying the remainder of the ribbon to his bed post. 

Aiden was torn between feelings of fear and anticipation when he realized his Master was about to restrain him. There was a part of him that felt safest being blindfolded, tied and unable to do anything other than submit. 

Unfortunately, fear had wrapped it's tight hold around that desire for Aiden and twisted it. There had been too many times when this had ended up as only a method to abuse him. Aiden made the choice to simply trust his Master and didn't offer up any resistance to being spread out and tied up.

Next, to his fear and delight, Master Sagi brought an additional silk tie forward to cover up his eyes. 

"It will not scare you when I restrain you," his Master whispered into Aiden's ear. 

"You will learn that everything I do to you is for your own good and ultimate happiness." 

Sagi nipped at Aiden's ear which sent a shiver down the boy's spine and his small package stood at attention, waiting for it's turn. Sagi chuckled lightly at how responsive his sub's body was as he reached forward to appease Aiden's quivering penis. The boy felt his back arch involuntary at the touch. Sagi removed his hand for a moment and the boy humped at the air several times, desperate for contact. 

Sagi brought his hand back and smothered Aiden's dick with it, forcing his hips to still. The small boy was delirious with need but exhausted from trying to move while tied down. He lay in suffering heat while his Master held him trapped. After over a minute of torture, Aiden tried to shift his body into movement. But all that earned him was a smack to his soft belly. 

"All in good time my pet," his Master whispered in his ear.

Sagi began to pepper gentle kisses across the skin of Aiden's face, neck and ears, keeping the touches light and tantalizing. He intended to give Aiden a gentle preview of what training would be like. The actual training would take a lot out of the boy so he wanted to be sure that Aiden was capable but at the same time he wanted to express his developing feelings towards the boy. 

"Please Master," the sub whimpered, needing more than light touches. 

Reflexively, Sagi gave a smack to Aiden's vulnerable cock before remembering that his slave didn't know that he shouldn't beg without permission. 

Aiden cried out and made an attempt to draw back but there was no where to escape too. 

Sagi brought his mouth to the boy's stunned cock and gave it a gentle kiss in apology that made Aiden's toes curl. He smiled at his submissive's reaction before making his way towards his sensitive nipples. Aiden bit his lip to keep from another attempt at begging as his Master nipped one between his teeth before releasing it and letting his tongue rub over the tender area. He continued to bite and lick alternately causing Aiden to cry out and squirm. 

Aiden's hands gripped the silken ties in frustration while he received the pleasant torture. Behind the darkness of the blindfold he was unaware of the candle that his Master soon held above his sensitive nipples, ripe with hot wax. 

A tortured cry escaped his lips when the first drops made contact, sizzling lightly upon impact. At the same moment Aiden's tiny cock erupted with out any additional provocation. 

"Sorry, sorry," Aiden whimpered breathlessly. 

He felt deep shame at being unable to control himself when that was clearly what his Master expected of him. 

"Shhh," Sagi purred in Aiden's ear, wanting to comfort him. 

In the glow of his orgasm, Aiden found it easy to calm himself with his Master's gentle reassurances. 

"You're so easy," Sagi said with a grin, delighted with everything that had transpired. 

Aiden flushed pink at his Master's words but soon forgot to be embarrassed when the tips of Master Sagi's fingers lightly brushed at his swollen hole. Despite feeling sore Aiden didn't struggle against them but fearfully wondered if he was about to ripped open.

Sagi noticed when his little boy stiffened at the contact he'd provided and felt pity towards him. At the same time anger bubbled beneath the surface of his calm exterior. He intended to find out everything about the person that stole his sub's virginity from him. Once he knew what the handler cared for most, he planned on stealing it away from the man. Sagi had always lived by an eye for an eye. 

Sagi decided to bring the session to a close as he was already too tempted to bury himself into his slave's abused asshole. He first reached to free the boy's ankles before leaning over Aiden's body to remove the blindfold. Curious, ocean eyes gazed into Sagi's and trapped him in their stare. In his mind Sagi muttered a prayer to the Heavens for his new slave to not only survive but to flourish during his training. 

The man was growing attached to the helpless boy and he suddenly realized how much he needed this to work. He already cared more deeply for Aiden in one day than he had for all the others after spending months with them. The boy fed his lust by simply existing and he felt a very real need to keep him in his life. Even if he should ever lay with another, he wanted to keep Aiden by his side as well.

Feelings of possession overwhelmed him and when he finally untied Aiden's wrist's he felt the need to mark the unassuming young man. Sagi grabbed the boy's wrists in a bruising grip and pinned them above his head before leaning in to bite the nape of his neck. He sucked and tugged at the pale flesh, bringing as much blood to the surface as he could. 

Out of need, Aiden squirmed his trapped body against that of his Master's. This time, no action was taken against the boy. Instead, Sagi lifted himself so that their erection's could touch and began to dry hump the begging little sub. Sagi ground harder against Aiden's hips, never releasing the trapped skin between his teeth. When he felt that Aiden was about to cum, Sagi bit down on the sensitive mark, breaking the skin so that a little blood trickled out. 

Aiden was too lost in his orgasm to notice much, save for the slight sting on his neck.