 The Slave - A First Time Story

The following is a fictional account loosely based on the true occurrence of my first experience with gay sex. I have greatly embellished the events and circumstances for my own entertainment and hopefully yours.

The slave auction was organized on campus by a fraternity and its affiliated sorority ostensibly as a fundraiser for the children’s hospital in the neighboring city. Only male students were up for auction to the highest female bidders. The highest bidders would be awarded the “rights” to full cooperation from the purchased male for whatever suited her fancy for one evening within the next 2 weeks. That I was invited to place myself up for auction surprised me, as most of the candidates were the obvious frat brothers and campus jocks. I am short, only 5’6” barefoot. I do have a good build broad shoulders and slim hips, being an exercise freak who was known to workout at the campus gym regularly. I had been invited to pledge a couple of fraternities, but I regarded myself a serious student and feared that the fraternity lifestyle might distract me from my academic pursuits. The co-ed whom I was dating at the time was on scholarship and had no available cash for auction bids but encouraged me to participate anyway.

The event itself was flirtatiously raucous, the air filled with obvious sexual tension. Many of the guys as the auctioneers were presenting them sported ill-concealed erections encouraged by the high-pitched squeals and screams of the mostly female audience. It seemed the more conspicuous the bulge and the lengthier the protrusion tented by the flimsy material of the gym or bike shorts, the longer the available student was exhibited on the stage and the higher the resulting bids. 

The captain of the basketball team was auctioned off to the president of the sponsoring sorority for $600. I was one of the last slaves to be auctioned. I did not muster any swell presumably from nervousness. It seemed as though it was hours before the first bid was declared despite the earnest entreaties by the auctioneer who commanded me to strike the silliest poses. 

The fact that the winning bid placed for me was only $35 was only the first humiliation. Everyone looked to the back of the crowd as the auctioneer announced the winner. I was bought by a severe looking overweight teaching fellow who was reputed to be a masculine dyke. As instructed, I met with my buyer at the registration table. As I approached her I was accompanied by amused giggles from the girls and derisive catcalls from the guys. 

“Relax Shorty“, she scornfully intoned. “I am acting as a purveyor for someone else. Oh, and don’t worry I agreed to keep this a secret with HIM.”

I thought I had misheard. “You mean, her?” 

“You heard me right the first time, half pint” she growled with a smirk. 

I was thunderstruck. I briefly debated withdrawing from the whole thing. I decided to give the matter more consideration in the intervening week as I did not have to report for “duty” until the following Friday, no later than 9:00 PM. Whenever I focused on this strange future encounter I could not help myself be overwhelmed by a sense of curiosity and feel my dick stir and swell. Ambiguously, I would be disgusted with this response for I had repressed any attraction to others of my own sex. 

As the hour of my appointment approached, I rebelliously donned a sweatshirt, 

worn baggy jeans, and a pair of worn out athletic shoes: hardly the attire I would have worn on a proper date. I had decided that I would accede to the wishes of my obligatory partner but show myself as uninterested. The address was on the outskirts of town. The residence turned out to be a sprawling bungalow that had probably been a frat house. Upon climbing well-lit porch stairs, I did not have to knock as the “valkyre” was waiting for me at the door with her ugly smirk. She led me inside. To the left was a small parlor partitioned with a stairway. To the right, was a wall partly covered with a bookcase lined with works of various academic disciplines. Beyond this was a closed door. Straight ahead, the hallway led to another closed door. 

She led me down the hallway and opened the door to what appeared to be a small butler’s pantry. It was faintly lit with bare tables and chairs, counters, and cupboards. There was another door on the right and one at the other end. 

“Now listen carefully,” she spoke with some annoyance. “I am about to give you the instructions of your slave agreement. When I leave, you are to immediately take off ALL your clothes. Having done so, you will knock on this door.” She motioned to the door that was on our right as we entered. “Your slave owner is waiting in the next room. When he responds, open the door and enter the room. From then on, do everything he asks of you and without reservation.” Again, that reptilian smile spread over her face. “You know you could back out of this arrangement right now. But if you do not do EVERYTHING that is demanded of you, I will report you immediately to the Greek Council and your days left on this campus will be a living hell thanks to asshole jocks and sorority bitches who won’t forget.” 

The sadistic witch turned to leave out the door we had entered. She paused and turned as she opened the door. “And don’t forget, when you enter that room, you are to be completely naked.” As she closed the door, she cackled “have fun”. I fumed and thought about the tortures that I would inflict on her if only we could meet alone, again. Quickly, I recovered my senses and wondered how I could have found myself in such a bizarre situation as I peeled off my clothing. Again, I was caught up in my ambiguous feelings of revulsion coupled with physical excitement as I contemplated what fate might befall me. When I was stripped down to my boxers, I was horrified to acknowledge my raging boner. I thought I was contributing to a charity function only to find myself embarrassed, humiliated, and possibly sexually blackmailed. It seemed my response to all this misfortune could not have been more inappropriate. My loins were on fire and my cock and balls ached with sexual energy. 

“By God,” I thought. I can not let this pervert see me in such a state. I desperately tried to think of something dull to assuage my excitement. I tried to think of the problems in my calculus assignment. Whatever came to mind, thoughts about the immediate future would resurface and I couldn’t contain my arousal. To the contrary, by now my shorts were off and I was shocked to see that I was copiously leaking pre-cum from the end of my 6 1/2” uncut cock.

My dickhead was a wet swollen red knob with the foreskin almost completely stretched back. I was frantic, getting cold, and wondering how I could change my physical state. 

Suddenly I heard the she-wolf bark from the other side of the door, “get on with it buster or I will strip you myself and drag you into his room by your blonde hairs.” That scared me to knock on the assigned door immediately. Better to take my chances with this slave driver then to be thrust upon by such an apparition in my state of distress. 

From behind the appointed portal, a gruff, slightly gravelly low pitch voice yelled, “come in.” I tentatively, opened the door just enough to look in and yet still conceal my nudity. The room was nearly dark as drawn curtains or blinds must have screened out whatever street light would filter in the room. Only 2 or 3 candles were lit on the floor and low end tables, rendering most of the room pitch black. The candles were lit on my end of the room, and 2 more on regular height tables at the very back. I detected a silhouette seated at the far end of the room, but in front of the back candles. It was obvious that he was supposed to see me well and I was to have sight of him only slightly. The seated figure seemed tall, I estimated at least 6 ’, and the low candle light was bright enough to reveal 2 large rugged looking feet on the floor, adorned only with dark colored flip flops. The light was bright enough still to see the ends of legs with thick mats of hair. In the hindsight of my subsequent physical experience with men, I can now say that I was encountering a major stud.         



“I shouldn’t have to repeat myself!”. The low voice sounded almost threatening. I scooted in the room, flushed and shivering slightly, quickly but gently closing the door behind me. 

Louder, this voice with dominating authority quipped, “I did not instruct you to close the door. But now that it is closed, leave it so. . . . . Let me look at you” 

My heart was pounding. I turned to him frightened out of my wits, stark naked and conspicuously aroused. I almost stuttered as I feebly mumbled, “uhh, I guess because of the strangeness of all this, I’ve gotten hard.“

The silhouetted figure did not seem phased by this remark in the least. Very softly but in that low voice he implored me to “come here.” Now reader, I hope you can appreciate the mixed feelings of a young initiate in this kind of circumstance. I was covered with goose flesh and had never felt so vulnerable in my life. I dreaded what intentions this controller had for me. I was profoundly disappointed in my lack of self-control. At the same time, my distress was being overshadowed by intense physical curiosity and a yearning wish that this domineering ogre would find pleasure in my helplessness and nakedness. 

I was not to be disappointed. 

************************************************** 

Tentatively but with determination, I took small steps toward my master, my unrestrained wood wagging with each move. I could feel the dampness of the drips of pre-cum under my bare feet that had fallen to the hardwood floor. 

I stopped just before I stepped to where his feet were. My cock involuntarily flinched as I wondered what his next move or instruction would be. I realized there must have been enough light for him to see it move and was silently studying the motions. 


After what seemed several minutes, I felt him gently but firmly grasp my cock, initially under the pronounced ridge of my dickhead. Large confident fingers explored the length of my joystick, swirling fingertips playing with the sticky wetness of the pre-cum that had now soaked the whole head. I had never had a man touch my erect cock until now, and IT WAS HEAVEN. At the moment I let out a little sigh of pleasure, I heard a little rustling in his chair. Apparently, he bent forward just far enough to stick his large left hand between my legs and start caressing my right thigh. The sensations were so exquisite, I didn’t want him to cease. Stroking my cock with one hand, and groping my legs, underside, around to the bottom of my buttocks with the other. His deft substantial digits were subjecting me to the most marvelous massage of my lifetime. I breathed heavily and focused as he gently fondled and probed my balls through the skin of their sac, checking for size, shape and how they hung.

I loved it how he would firmly caress back my thick blonde bush away from masculine organs, tickling and pressing my pubic bone. At one point, I realize I had unconsciously bent my knees slightly facing outward as well as leaned my hips facing him. Unwittingly, I had enabled him to have a better vantage point to “feel me up” this way. 

I would have been ecstatic had this continued all night. As it was however, he stopped, and just as abruptly he cursorily commanded me to turn around. With my back facing him, I was astonished at how rapturous it was to have a man fondle my buttocks. When I first felt his touch I flinched and flexed my butt muscles. I think he liked this because I heard a slight gravelly grunt of pleasure. I luxuriated in the intense feelings as he firmly squeezed and kneaded my buns. 

My fright returned to me as he matter-of-factly commanded that I bend over and spread my ass cheeks. Thoughts raced through my mind of a doctor’s check up suddenly gone awry. Once again, I was surprised by the incomparable pleasure of his fingers tracing circles around my puckering butt hole. From time to time his fingers would move down and probe my crotch and the exposed underside of my nut sac. When last he groped around my twitching orifice, he pushed directly against it with two fingers in a stroking motion. Rather than being pained by this manipulation, I was so pleasurably sensitized by it that I found myself leaning back to meet the thrusts of the ramrod handiwork. I instinctively expanded the muscles of my bowels, as if to defecate, to allow those able fingers to penetrate my now inviting sphincter. For a few seconds he stopped stroking and slowly squirmed those digits in my most intimate body part up to a couple of inches, I hoped this would continue indefinitely, but when he tried to squeeze in a third finger, I squirmed with discomfort. Suddenly, he pulled his hands away. 

“Stand up and turn around facing me again,” the low voice snapped. I abruptly complied and stood facing him, my cock flinching more than ever, now dripping like a leaky faucet, but also trembling, terrified that I had offended him with my obvious resistance. Again, nothing happened for the longest time as I suspect that again he was studying my fear mixed with obviously excited anticipation.

Clearly resulting from his prior manipulations, he surmised that I was uncut or he would not have insisted on my next movements. I was to pull my foreskin over the head of my dick and stretch it out from there. I was to let him know when I had fulfilled this effort of genital handiwork. Nervously, I fumbled about my slick hard dick struggling to get a hold on pieces of foreskin, the wetness eluding a firm grasp on these small morsels for very long. Luckily he seemed to be patient with my clumsiness. Finally, my fingertips on both hands managed to hold onto bits of outer flesh to stretch my normally superfluous skin over my exposed knob and stretch it out as far beyond the end of my still throbbing cock as I could pull. It was exciting to me that he probably studied me doing this and it felt comfortable to have this flesh once again envelope its familiar partner. I softly spoke that I was finished. His plump fingers with thorough tactile investigation warmly reached out to take hold of my straining organ to softly and securely feel my outstretched skin, the ends of my own fingers stretching the skin, and the covered dickhead. He then ordered me to stop stretching while his fingers still gripped my cock. This was followed immediately by a quiet rustling noise from what I had deduced must be a filled armchair. . . . . . 

The moment was ELECTRIC and surpassed every sensation I had been pleasured with to this point. I felt what seemed to be a warm sponge flick the underside of my cock just below my still swollen dickhead. And yet the firm cogency of motion from this sponge suggested it was alive. The feeling of hot breath on my cock and balls was the dead give away that this was the exploring tongue of my master. The heated electric charges that flowed through my loins up through my torso and back down through my legs to my toes is indescribable. 

My bucking and flinching cock was being bathed by the tip and body of his tongue from the tip of my expanding pee hole to the root at the base of my thick bush. He sensed that the building heat in my loins was near the exploding point as my moans became louder. He sat back and very gently stroked my shaft to slowly allow me to back away from the point of eruption. 

I don’t know how long this pleasing respite lasted, but suddenly I heard him bend forward again and felt my dickhead being embraced by a firm warm wetness and then his tongue swirl around it, generating more of those lustful electric charges. As his mouth gradually slid its way down my shaft, I marveled at how superior a blow job I was receiving from this man than the sloppy half hearted efforts by a couple of girls with whom I had been intimate. I felt every swirl of skillful tongue and every suction against my turgid flesh. My hips reflexively thrust my ramming rod deeper into his mouth and then his throat. Even now, I felt resistance to my situation as it was apparent from the feelings and noises what it was that he was pursuing with gusto and unabashed enthusiasm. My intellectual insistence to not surrender my climax to him only intensified the buildup of heat and tension in my nether regions. I could no longer sublimate that I never reveled so much in my naked state, never felt SO ALIVE. This was by far the most deliriously sensual and erotic moment of my life. 

My cock banging against the squishy walls of his relaxed throat was more intense than I could bear. This was the sensation that triggered the unmistakable churning in my balls that every male past a certain age knows to be the point of no return. The wave of ecstatic heat and release passed from balls to loins to the root of my dick, through the passageway of my cock, and squirted out my gaping pee hole into his mouth and throat. Wave after convulsive gut wrenching wave of heated cum squirted out of me. The back of his tongue flinched against my orally gripped organ in response to each effluence of liquid offering. I had ejaculated with the greatest intensity of my life and I do not know if I have ever shot out so much cum in any orgasm since then. The climax seemed unending. After carefully swirling his tongue around my now softening manhood one last time to assure himself that he swallowed every last drop, he released me. 

************************************************** 

At this point, I believe we were both breathing heavily. Before he completely caught his breath I heard a loud rustling in his chair. He evidently was writhing to remove an article of clothing and his hair matted calf pleasingly brushed up against my ankle in the process. 

When the sounds ended and he seemingly was sitting up in the seat as before, he slowly and deeply spoke, “now it’s your turn. Get down on your hands and knees and place your head above my lap.’

I felt almost resentful but not surprised as I obeyed this command. I felt almost instantly revived as I caught an exhilarating whiff of his man scent. My eyes had now better adjusted to the dark and I beheld before me his thick majestic fully hardened cock resting against his lower abdomen. I had seen other men’s erections of course in straight porn, and I had always imagined myself indifferent to them. I was hardly indifferent to this magnificent specimen however and couldn’t take my eyes off it. Oh, if there was only more light in the room to better observe the details of my newly discovered “objet d’art.” It must have been at least 7 1/2”, cut, with a sumptuous “straight arrow” dickhead, the ridge sloping to an artful curve. It had a stunningly wide girth and a substantial tunnel that ran along the underside from the base to the dickhead. Two impressive orbs hung from a mature low ball sac. This mesmerizing display was surrounded by a beautifully curled and tousled heavy bush, which more than a couple inches up lightened to a handsome graze, spread over the entire lower abdomen.

I think he approved of the trance like expression on my face. I was practically drooling and I felt the same heat build up in my loins. Once again I felt my own male parts stir and swell with renewed passion. Satisfied that I was stimulated by what I saw, he more good naturedly commanded me to gently grab hold of his penis, observe it and stroke it. But more menacingly, he insisted that I was not to look up from his lap. Throughout his session of dominance, he was to remain strictly anonymous. Furtively but decisively I reached out for the gorgeous living sculpture that pulsed with my grasp. The heat that leapt into my hand and the silky smoothness that covered this turgid fleshy wand was a defining moment in my life. I hope the reader will not be offended when I say that being granted the privilege to handle and more carefully study this vivacious living appendage was nearly a religious experience. At this moment, all inhibitions and negative feelings about my homosexual impulses evaporated instantly. I knew this delicious man meat, complete with its heat, its veins, its smoothness, and its unmistakable animal magnetism was about to be mine and I CRAVED IT!! 
