 While this stands alone, my previous story "First" gives more of the back story to where I'm coming from. A middle-aged man who's discovering that being a husband, father, and leader at so many levels for so many years also needs release from those responsibilities. A release that can't come from those close to him lest it creep into his everyday life. The slide further into bisexuality and the urges for m/m sex.

I had managed not to stray for three years now after that one illicit tryst where I lost my anal and oral virginities. It hadn't been that hard. The guilt felt afterwards lasted a while but I knew revealing it to anyone was more about me and would hurt someone else. So I kept quiet. That was part of my role really. To cushion the bumps of others and provide guidance and resources so it was easy to continue. In many ways the one time release made it easier. Like a safety valve that had gone off. 

My sex life at home continued to decline. My wife wouldn't admit it and as a very good person she tried to accommodate but her heart wasn't in it. We dwindled down to once a week and where there was once extended play there was now a more rote element to sex. Where I once was able to get her off three or four times per night from fingering, oral, toys, and good old fashioned fucking, now a good night was twice and sometimes she didn't get there at all. 

She didn't complain. In fact she maintained it was her not me but still as someone who was use to succeeding I was disappointed. The sex got more limited in acts too. She preferred that I no longer go down on her. Complaining she could smell herself on me despite washing and that the saliva caused yeast infections later. And she complained that coming in her caused problems too so I'd pull out and shoot on her belly or ass. 

And of course oral on me had always been more of a self imposed expectation of hers rather than something I demanded. I was pretty fat in her pretty mouth, she couldn't abide the idea of a mouthful of cum, and now her jaw hurt too much to do very often. Her desire really was just to get fucked on the edge of our bed. Legs up in the air and my cock sawing in and out. The girth rubbing on her clit until she came. The problem being if we went straight there it usually wasn't enough without warm-up to get her finished.

I hate to say it but it was boring. A mechanical release once a week that didn't sooth the urge to have that nasty uninhibited sex that was oh so good. We had talked around the edges of it of course but that Protestant, Anglo-Saxon guilt we grew up with couldn't really bridge the gap. I couldn't tell her that I wanted nothing more than occasionally to be ass up, head down being sodomized by her with a large strap-on. The idea of ruining that persona I lived and cultivated was too much. And likewise she claimed she had no fantasies and wouldn't disclose anything about lovers previous to us having met. 

My impression is that she was somewhat of a wild-child originally who turned into a proper lady after she met me. I should be flattered I guess but it was also disturbing how uptight I must have been twenty-five years ago to make her think it was an expectation. We had had a mutual professor who had made the comment about WASP men desiring a lady a in the kitchen and a whore in the bedroom as ideal. I could understand that and really that's what I wanted but her actions betrayed her words of interest. 

And I let it go on. It was for the best really. I don't think I could have had a better partner in life and unlike many men I knew, my wife never nagged or complained. I once had an acquaintance jealously complain how lucky I was that my wife was never a "bitch." And she never was. 

It came to a head after a particularly harrowing month at work. I'm a senior executive for a small company in transition and there was a lot of jockeying for power as the owner stepped back from the day to day running. The problem is that pullback was abrupt and unannounced so voids appeared the had to be filled. Often outside of one's department.

My goal was to stay above it and make it work. While I knew and had been told by peers that I was a logical person to succeed in the running of the company another peer was dead set on that goal despite being roundly disliked at our level and below. 

I hated games and refused to play despite watching some of the actions with a morbid fascination at the obvious machinations. All the pointless maneuvering that I tried to stay above and the needless flailing by obviously petty actions. They were coming to a head and I found myself struggling to protect people below me in all the departments while getting my job done.

It left me wrung out with the stress tension in my neck, shoulders and back that both ibuprofen and alcohol made no dent in. Our usual Saturday night sex got me off but was particularly unsatisfying. I'm not sure I was even totally hard when I came in small spurts although I made sure to use a rabbit vibrator that got her off a couple of times. The best that could be expected anymore. 

I holed up in my home office and went to my secret accounts. The urges had come back with a vengeance and watched gay porn where I imagined my hole being stretched and plowed by big cocks. The cum shooting in my mouth, across my face, and up my ass in thick, creamy ropes.

I needed it, I could feel it and I went back online and revived my profile from the hookup site. The usual simplistic come-ons that showed no effort were ignored. The players who might fulfill my need to be used but had god knows how many partners and all of the worst characteristics of our gender. My profile was relatively verbose to weed them out. I spelled out what I needed and wanted with an invitation to seduce. I wanted to be pursued and then conquered but they needed to put in the effort. Frankly from what I had seen there were far more bottoms out there to serve the player community. I was looking for a little more safety. 

I listed as a versatile bottom because I could have been persuaded in the right situation to fuck and the tops who wouldn't so anything except fuck and be sucked may be a little too selfish. 

"Masculine, clean cut who likes to switch hit. Bottom but not sub. You could even say I top from the bottom. Receiving anal is preferred but I'll suck and fuck the versatiles out there. Just understand that I'll want a cock up my tight ass at some point when you've seduced me into giving it up. Other kink is I want pics of you balls deep in my ass and dropping a load on my face. NSA or FB, safe only. My schedule is tight so don't expect a fast hookup and I can't host. Seduce me into it by telling what you're going to do with your cock."

The come-ons were mostly bad. I still find it amazing that women respond to the lines of some guys. Gay guys might even be worse because the straightforward proposition out there doesn't necessarily inspire them.

But there was one. It was a bit of travel time but he seemed to fit. It was easy really and the effort required just needed to be intelligent and a bit more than hello. He described how he would prepare then take me. The pictures showed a good sized cock that he said would safely yet firmly sodomize me with. He understood I wanted to be taken and fucked. He was a German living here but not a pickup artist or someone looking for something permanent. And he could host. 

We messaged back and forth and I refused a face pic. No need to have that out in the wilds. Instead I told him I'd be at the train station at a certain time wearing a logo baseball cap and blue hoodie. He agreed to pick me up and I prepped in secret very early that morning and packed a camera and supplies very discreetly in a backpack. It took and hour to get there and I was a little early waiting near the station entrance wondering if he would show.

"Steve?" The accented question came from a clean cut guy behind the wheel of a Mercedes sedan. 

I turned and moved to the rolled down passenger window. "Hi, you must be Peter" I said and stuck out my hand through the open window.

"Hop in and we'll head to my place and get to know one another." He pulled smoothly from the curb and headed North. "I have to say I was worried when you wouldn't send a face picture but I like your look. And of course your body I've seen on your Tumblr page. You're a very attractive."

I blushed I think. Unused to being viewed that way. "Well your pictures weren't lying either." 

"Does that mean you are you still interested?"

"Yes" I could imagine this man violating me. I had only seen pictures of what he had between his legs but it was easy to see the promise of it violating my hole.

"Very good, we'll be at my flat in just a few blocks. I must say that I'm looking forward to it. You look like you'll be an active bottom. A top from the bottom as you mentioned. I like a man who doesn't just lay there while I'm buggering him."

His place was way above what I expected for an expensive city although the Mercedes should have been a giveaway. Now I made good money and had a large and luxurious house in the suburbs but this one was obviously expensive with expansive views and a well decorated elegance. "Love your house" I said, admiring the well-done details.

"Thank, you, would you like a drink and I'll give you a tour? Wine, beer?" I accepted a glass of wine and followed him as showed me the place. It wasn't huge but was big for the area at over 2,000 square feet with an office, a guest room and finally the master bedroom. Peter sat his wine glass on a nightstand. 

"I'm not good at small talk really. Should we move on to why we're here?" And he began unbuttoning his shirt. I did the same. My cock hard in anticipation of what was to come as I struggled with my shoes. 

I finished first. Standing there with my cock at a rigid 45 degree angle as he dropped his pants. Tall at well over 6 feet and trim, his muscles weren't huge but well defined. There was some hair on his chest, arms and legs but it wasn't heavy. The front of his black boxer briefs bulged nicely and I stopped him as he went to slide them down. 

"Let me. I want to see what I'm going to taking." I knelt and pulled the waistband wide to clear what looked to be a good sized protrusion. It bobbed and came into view as I tugged down the briefs. "It's beautiful and huge." And it was as far as cocks go. Long like its owner at probably eight inches. Light brown with pink undertones, thick veins and a heavy ball-sack that gave it a regal appearance. He was uncircumcised which I hadn't seen before but the excitement had the pink head protruding and leaking a bit of fluid. Thankfully he wasn't as thick as me but it was going to be a challenge to get it to fit. Especially since at the base he flared wider in what was going to be a hole spreading adventure. 

The briefs hit the floor and he stepped out of them as I reached up and wrapped my fingers around his hot flesh. "I've only sucked on cock before and it was a lot smaller. I'm not very good at it." I flicked my tongue out around the head and could smell the masculine musk. His hips came forward with the retreat of my tongue and I captured the head and sucked. Hard and soft and warm with a hint of precum tinting the flavor.

"Ohh, feels gut" I love training a man to suck cock and get cum on his face" His guttural German accent seemed to come through more. I tried for deeper. Trying to repress the gag reflex as the cock hit the back of my mouth. My free hand came up and fondled his ball-sack. Feeling the weight of those orbs resting in my hand as I jacked him into my mouth. It felt slutty really. Sucking the cock of somebody you just met. And I liked it more than the last time. I was becoming a cocksucker.

His hands came lightly to the back of my head. Urging me on but not forcing. Moaning and whispering as I tried to lave his cock in the ways I guessed would be most pleasurable. "Ja, suck me. Like that. I will shoot all over your face and you will swallow."

I could feel him tensing a little after a few minutes of that and then he pulled away. "We will make you a top drawer sucker of cock but I want to explore your body and take that arse now. You've had a cock up you before?"

"Just once, and he wasn't as big."

"Long or wide?"

"Both. You're much fatter and several inches longer." He was. I'd guess almost eight inches which exceeded my own but thinner than mine by a half inch it looked.

"Well get on the bed and show me your arse-hole. We may have to work at this but you do want this don't you?"

"Yea, I do, I want this big cock up to the balls. Fucking me deep."

"Being fucked like a girl in her cunt? Until I come in you?"

"Yea, that's what I want."

"So ask me for it. Should I even bother with a sheath? I'm clean and I believe you are too. A breeder like you needs to be bred on occasion. You'll be able to feel me drip from your arse the rest of the day. A new experience I would guess?"

"Yes it would be, but I can't. Please use a condom and take my ass like a slut."

Part of me was so tempted but I was also wary. Oral sex uncovered had its dangers but anal sex was asking for a disease if it was present. Peter knelt behind and squirted lube on my spread hole. A fingertip rubbed around the edge and lightly pressed at the center repeatedly. 

"You are very tight. Like a virgin. It may be a little painful for you but we will loosen you up and break you in for big cocks. He massaged me in long strokes using oil and it was very good and I felt myself relax. After ten minutes I felt fingers probe and one slipped in my lubed and relaxed anus.

"Much better. I was afraid we would never get it fit before. Such a sweet, tight ass. I'm going to enjoy buggering it." His strokes narrowed to just my ass and lower back by now. The broad strokes sliding down through my crack and rubbing around the outside but soon there was a digit within. Sliding up to the palm and then withdrawing while pushing against one side or the other. Widening the orifice for a bigger visitor that would stretch much more.

More lube presaged the addition of another finger and the muscle burned. All sensations condensed into that small area and the probing stopped as I tensed up. "Relax, the feeling will go away in a moment."

I did my best to deep breathe and managed to not tighten up I think as the fingers started to move. Deeper with some relief as they retreated only to be stretched again. More lube smoothed the reentry and I could feel the band of muscle contract and expand to fit. 

He rubbed across my spot and I could feel the moisture on my belly from my leaking cock. "I want you to come on my cock so I will stop but you are almost ready." A third finger insinuated between the other two and again there was more stretching as he tripoded me that I struggled to handle.

"You're going to squeal like a little girl for a few minutes my friend but I think this will work now. And once you learn you can take the big cocks it becomes easier the next time. Especially if you don't wait too long. You said you liked to be taken like a dog? Get into position while I prepare." 

I rose up to hands and knees and watched him roll a condom onto that rigid tube of flesh that rose at a forty-five. He knelt up in front of me. The rubber clad flesh looking big. "Give it a kiss and lube him up before he invades your arse hole."

I kissed the tip, hot even through the rubber and slathered him liberally with lube. He got up and I could feel him on the bed behind me. A hand went to my back. "Spread yourself until I get in"

I dutifully went shoulders down and reached back to tug my ass apart. The sensation of more air on the lube was followed by a rigid prodding near my hole. My legs were edged wider as I sensed him settling into position. Right against the wrinkled hole with a nudge and then increasing pressure.

Oh crap it felt huge and there didn't seem to any progress. No slip into the channel like before but more like a cork stuck in a bottle. "You are very tight. Push out like you are going. I also have some poppers we can use but they are not always pleasant."

So I pushed and thanked myself for cleansing earlier or I'm afraid I would have crapped the bed. There might have been some progress but all I could feel is the hard pressure. After a minute he gave up. "You are still too tight but if you don't mind we can try on your side first because sometimes it is easier to get started that way."

I dropped and slid to the bed edge and pulled my knees up exposing my backside. Peter grabbed my hips and easily pulled me into position. His hand tugged my upper cheek wide as he concentrated and fisted himself lower down. 

The pressure started and I could immediately tell the difference. There was more room and I pushed out like before. Slowly the muscle started to give a little and I bit my lip as the first sensation of sliding flesh came through. He paused, not retreating but no longer pressing. Then again he pushed the flesh began to merge. "The walls are thick if you need to make noises. This is going to work and you're going to get fucked soon." He maintained his position and grabbed onto my upper thigh overhand to gain leverage. 

"One more time and you will be my slut." His accent had increased with his concentration and I pushed out again as the pressure restarted. A slow inexorable slide increased and popped through the ring which caused both of us to give involuntary cries. His more of a grunt while mine hit high registers that hadn't been seen since I was ten. 

There was brief respite as all my focus was on that tiny spread muscle of my backside complaining up my spine. Peter's hips moved forward and the movement rose from my lower stomach and rose up into my chest. So different, in some ways uncomfortable, and a tingling warmth.

"My Gott. Your arse is so very tight and hot. I will take it slow for you but it is also for me. I'm afraid I'm on the edge already." He stopped for a second and then continued the push as I squirmed like a butterfly on the pin spearing in. There was a slight taper to his cock that had every inch increase his girth millimeter by millimeter. Stretching, swelling girth that had me feeling like the frog in water brought to a slow boil. I didn't think I could take it but there was a race between the end and my capacity. 

I actually won. The length ended with his curly hairs pressed against the my skin. He gave a weary "Unhhh" at that moment and clenched me tight to be seated as deeply as possible. My breath was coming in pants by then. Punctuated by small, high moans and squirming as I engulfed his cock with my body and tried to get comfortable. 

"I'm going to wait here. I would only last two pumps right now and you need a good fucking. The first squirts must be on your face." I felt my cock jump a little at the thought and the rubber band of muscle must have made a movement too. 

"You like that idea do you? The load I've been saving for days splashing in your mouth and on your face. There's probably six or seven squirts in there to paint your face like frosting. Feed it to you. Learn to be a little slut for my cock and cum. That's what you want isn't it? Your arsehole twitches when I mention it and I will make you drool at the thought when I'm done. You will be like Mr. Pavlov's dogs." 

His stream of words was accompanied by a slow withdrawal that had me keening as the empty feeling increased. To put it crudely it was like a particularly satisfying crap except he stopped and reversed. It was a little easier and he went faster that increased the sensations. 

I squealed every time he bottomed out. A non-masculine sound that caused him to grin and increase his speed just to hear me again. "You're squealing like a bitch as I said. You'll get your slutty reward soon and don't worry. I took a Cialis earlier so I fuck you again soon."
