 Training. 

Every Lord had their own method that a pleasure slave had to endure, in addition to the basic training they all received once puberty hit. Aiden couldn't remember the first time he had to prepare himself to be trained but he was certain his nerves were not so bad as they were now. 

Sagi was confusing to Aiden and, a small part of him, wished to be back with his old master. Aiden glared at himself in the mirror and forced the thought away. 

He knew he only missed Habberforth for the familiarity. He had to stop being a coward if he wanted to prove himself. Especially now that he had a strike against him, being ruined and all. 

Aiden stared at himself, inspecting every inch of his horrid, pale skin. Pale, save for the fresh marks bestowed upon him from his Master. The bruises Antony had left were mostly faded now but the same couldn't be said for the ones his Master left on his ass. Aiden gave a sigh, staring at the purple and yellow flesh, and wondered if the rest of his body would look the same soon. He wondered if he would even be able to tell where the first bruises had been. 

Aiden wasn't particularly keen on punishment, at least the kind he was use to. Which led back to his feelings of confusion over his Master. To Aiden, the man was incredibly handsome, strong and very often kind. 

The punishments his Master had already administered caused a variety of feelings in Aiden's confused brain. The spanking had hurt and he hated it, at the time... 

Aiden turned to catch a glimpse of his ass once more to see the hand print his Master has left him and blushed. He liked seeing the evidence of time spent with Master Sagi on his body. It made him feel closer to the man. Aiden's thoughts traveled back to two days before, when he was restrained. 

It hadn't gone, at all, the way he expected. He had gone through the ordeal experiencing both pain and pleasure. He had even managed to finish while his neck was violated. He blushed again, remembering how the pain of both the bite and the wax had caused him the most intense orgasms of his life. Aiden rubbed the pad of his thumb across his tender neck, admiring it, when a servant walked in on him. 

She narrowed her eyes at the naked boy before her and brought her gaze downward to get a good look at his tiny, hard dick. By the time her eyes made it back to Aiden's face she was already laughing at him. 

"I really don't know what he sees in you," she told him. 

Aiden blushed in response and looked to his feet, feeling insecure, less then, and ugly all over again. 

The girl threw both a pair of black silk pants and a white shirt at him, "Get dressed," she snapped. 

"I don't understand," he told her. 

Aiden thought he had only a few minutes until his training would start and now he was being given clothes? It didn't make any sense to him.

The girl flashed him a cruel grin. 

"All I know is that your old master is here again. He normally doesn't come back until Lord Sagi is finished with his slave. Maybe m'lord is already tired of you and wants a refund. I heard you were a crybaby." 

At her words, Aiden felt tears gather in his eyes and he hated his predictability. 

The servent shook her head and shoved Aiden back slightly, "Hurry up, stop making everybody wait on you!" 

Aiden quickly dressed and was filled with relief when he lost his erection. The feeling was a fleeting one, soon to be replaced by anxiety. The boy mentally scolded himself for ever thinking he might want to belong to Habberforth again. He wasn't sure what he had done wrong, to bring the cruel man back, but he intended to beg at his Master's feet for forgiveness. 

The girl led him down a series of hallways and doors until the reached the ones that belonged to the room Aiden had been purchased in. She opened the double entryway, and behind the doors, Aiden saw his Master, seated at a table and wearing a grave expression. Aiden couldn't move. He was sure that once he stepped inside, he would be spending his last moments with his Master. 

The girl made a frustrated sound before giving him a push through the doorway and shutting the doors behind him.

Aiden stumbled forward, feeling like an idiot while his Master, Mr. Habberforth, his former handler, Antony, and a few guards, watched his progress. He was only able to get halfway across the room before he began to shake. After he walked a little father, he found himself having a more difficult time breathing.

Sagi, seeing that his slave was in distress, rose up from his seat and quickly walked to Aiden's side. 

The boy fell to his knees when he realized how close his Master was to him but he could not seem to regain control of his breathing.

Sagi knelt down and placed a gentle hand on his shoulder, causing Aiden to cautiously raise his eyes. 

The concern in his Master's gaze caused Aiden to speak, without permission. 

"Are you selling me back?" He cried out in anguish.

Sagi's heart melted a bit at understanding the reason his little one suffered. 

"No, my pet. I would never sell you back to that man." 

Aiden felt a small smile creep up on him before he remembered that he had spoken out of turn. 

"M-Master I-" he bit his lip, unsure how to reveal his disobedience with out making things worse.

The man smiled at him, "I'd rather be the one to bite your lip," he teased with a wink. 

Aiden felt his jaw drop open in shock. 

"Mmm, all the more tempting," Sagi said while tracing the curve of Aiden's lower lip. 

The boy blushed a pretty pink that deepened immediately at the sound of Habberforth clearing his throat. 

"Lord Sagi, not to be rude but your property has already cost us a great deal of time and I'm a busy man." 

Sagi took Aiden's hand and pulled the boy up with him as he stood. He did not release Aiden, so the boy was forced to follow. Sagi walked up to a table, used for business and bookkeeping, and sat behind it, pulling Aiden onto his lap. With one arm wrapped firmly around his sub, Sagi addressed Habberforth. 

"I assure you sir, there is no one here that is more busy than I and Aiden has never waisted a single moment of my time."

Aiden let out a small gasp in surprise while Habberforth struggled for words.

"I- well, of course. My apologies, Lord Sagi."

Sagi narrowed his eyes at the man, "If you would like to continue to do business with me, I suggest for you to apologize to my sub as well."

"But he's not- I mean... my apologies... Aiden," Habberforth said with a slight bow in his direction.

Aiden wished Master Sagi hadn't made his former master apologize to him. Not only had it been terribly uncomfortable but he feared the very idea of ever being without his Master in Habberforth's presence again. The fear he felt effectively cut any residual tie Aiden still felt towards the man. Aiden did not speak after the apology but instead, he hid his face in the crook of his Master's neck. Seconds later, he was relieved to feel strong fingers playing with his curls.

Habberforth watched the couple with growing curiosity. He had done business with Lord Sagi, and his family, for several years and in that time he had never seen such a display of affection towards a pleasure slave. He idly wondered if Aiden was getting the treatment he so deserved. From the look of things, he had his doubts. 

Habberforth did not agree with the idea that a slave could become a mate and gain access to so much wealth and power. Aiden was a science experiment, created for the purpose of sating the sexual desires of his higher ups. He did not deserve to walk among civilized company. 

If anything, Habberforth mused, the boy should constantly have a cock stuck in every hole until he had until he died; he was a toy, nothing more. Having to apologize cost him a lot of pride but he kept his opinions to himself. Better the cost come from his ego, rather than his wallet. 

Antony, on the other hand, was dealing with a storm of anger, regret and, most of all, fear. He hated the sight of the used slut cozied up to one of the most powerful men in Arodesa. 

Antony was already making plans of revenge towards Aiden, should the need arise. He watched as the Lord spoke to the slut, then for a brief second, the boy looked straight at him before hiding his face back against Lord Sagi's shoulder. 

"Mr. Habberforth," Sagi addressed the man in a cold voice. "It has come to my attention that your handler is responsible for stealing from me."

"In what way Lord Sagi?"

"By way of defiling my slave," he answered. 

Mr. Habberforth widened his eyes in shock and turned to the handler. 

"Then he stole from me as well, my Lord!"

"Permit me the pleasure of punishing him," Sagi spoke coldly. 

"Of course," Habberforth answered with a deep vow. One handler was not worth the cost of clientele. 

"Of course, I expect you to release him of his duties, effective immediately. Spread the news, no trader should accept him in employment, ever again."

Habberforth nodded, it was reasonable retribution based on the crime committed. 

"Finally," Sagi continued, "He is to be branded, in Capital Square, as a rapist, tonight." 

"Lord Sagi, I feel I must intercede," Habberforth finally interjected. "It's obvious you have strong ties to your... companion. Still, you must admit that he does not posses the status worthy of calling what Antony did, rape. He's only property."

"You will do it or you will find our business concluded. As it is, you're skating on very thin ice." 

Habberforth stepped back, slightly terrified of the look in Lord Sagi's eyes. No, Antony was not worth any of this. 

"It will be done," he said nervously, summoning for two guards to take Antony into custody. He would remain there until the branding. 

Antony, though furious, did not struggle. Instead, he looked right into the eyes of the little slave who dared to look up at the arrest. He made sure that the look conveyed every hateful threat he could think off. Aiden would regret this.

Aiden shivered in his Master's arms and turned his face away, too afraid to hold the angry gaze Antony gave him. 

"He's not going to hurt you," his Master soothed while rubbing small circles on his back. 

"He might," Aiden replied, still clearly terrified.

"You don't trust me," Sagi stated.

"Master I-" he stopped, did he lie? Which would hurt him worse? The truth? 

"It wasn't a question," Sagi said, saving the boy from having to choose.

"I'm sorry," he said, hanging his head in shame.

Sagi sighed, "No more of that, stop apologizing. Just obey."

"Yes, I'm s-", the boy stopped, blushing at what an idiot he was.

Sagi rolled his eyes before motioning for Aiden to stand. Once Sagi was on his feet he grabbed the hand of his slave.

"Come, I want to play with you," Aiden's heart lurched in his chest at his Master's words. 

Sagi pulled the boy into a nearby room that Aiden hadn't been in before. The room was covered in wall to wall mirrors on three sides. Aiden looked at himself, startled to see so many different angles looking back at him. 

'And every one of them ugly,' he thought to himself.

Sagi came up behind the boy so that Aiden's head and back laid against his chest and crotch. He pushed his large, hard member against the boy and leaned down to breath in his ear. 

"M-Master..." Aiden trembled slightly, "I'm not, I'm.. I'm wearing clothes," he tried to say that he wasn't hard, but he couldn't.

"I know," Sagi whispered with a smile. "You're little dick will wake up soon, trust me." 

Aiden flushed scarlet at the wording his Master used, both pleased and slightly mortified. He didn't want to see himself doing sexual things. He was embarrassing enough to look at but he was sure he would make faces when his Master played with him. Besides that, he didn't want to constantly have to see his penis. He didn't see how he'd be able to get hard with the constant reminder of just how insignificant he was. 

"Relax," Sagi whispered, sending chills down Aiden's skin.

He lifted the boy up onto a step so that there heights were a little more even, before bringing his lips to the side of Aiden's neck. The kisses remained tender for several minutes when Sagi gently bit at the swollen skin. As Aiden felt the sting of pain, blood rushed to his tiny cock, filling it out completely. Sagi brought his hands over the fabric and began to tease near Aiden's crotch.

The boy's breath quickened and he squirmed, trying to bump Sagi's hand onto his cock. 

"Naughty," Sagi said, smack the side of Aiden's leg. "I thought you'd learned your lessen last time." 

The man traced his finger along the outline of the little pecker.

"Do you need a reminder?"

Aiden bit his lip, remembering the startling, and kind of painful, spanking his dick had received while restrained. Some part of him wondered if it really was as bad as he remembered, or if it only hurt like that because he didn't expect the spank to happen. Sagi never stopped his teasing fingers while he waited for his boy to answer. He could see a small flame of desire in Aiden's eyes and he smiled. Maybe Aiden really was perfect. 

"C-can you, maybe..." his voice trailed off. 

"I can't hear you," his Master replied. 

"S-s-sp-"

"Yes?" Sagi asked.

"Touch me!" Aiden cried, not brave enough to admit what he really wanted to try.

Sagi spun the boy to face him and began to undress him. First, he pulled the shirt off and then he trailed his fingers down to Aiden's small, pink nipples. He gently ran his finger tips across them before pinching them both at the same time. Aiden moaned, wanting more, watching his Master's hands move in the reflection. Sagi let his hands slide down until he had the waistband of Aiden's pants in his grip. In one quick motion, they were removed. 

Aiden caught sight of himself and became a little softer. 

"What's this?" Sagi said, taking the little cock and balls into his hand while still standing behind the boy.

"I hate it," Aiden whispered, completely horrified at having emotions strong enough to rival the drug when his Master wanted him. 

He was a terrible sub. To his dismay, as the thought crossed his mind his penis became smaller and softer that it already had.

Sagi gripped him tighter but not in a painful way, "This is perfect for you," he told Aiden.

"But-"

"Perfect," Sagi repeated.

He turned the boy around and dropped to his knees. 

"I can't wait to have it in my mouth," he told the boy.

Aiden's jaw dropped as, for the second time, his Master took his pathetic little thing into his mouth. It grew back to its original stature in seconds. Sagi chuckled, mouth still wrapped around Aiden's penis, at the reaction, which only served to drive Aiden even more crazy. It took absolutely no time for him to be near finishing. Lust made him brave and he made an attempt to thrust his hips against his Master. 

To his surprise, Sagi did nothing but continue to kiss and suck him to the edge. 

"I think I'm gonna-" the boy started when his Master pulled off. 

Aiden gave a frustrated cry as his orgasm was denied him. He looked down at his Master, begging with his eyes. 

"Earn it," Sagi told him, standing to his feet and pulling his own bottoms off.

His Master's thick, slab of meat stood at attention, fully hard. Pre-cum already covered the tip, making it look delicious to the boy, Aiden licked his lips subconsciously. 

The last time he tasted his Master he hadn't gotten to make him finish. He hoped this time would be different. 

Aiden moved off the step and dropped to his knees. His eyes completely focused on the drooling cock before him. Aiden got to face level and took it into his mouth. He worked his mouth and tongue trying to eat up as much of his Master as he could. He didn't push himself too far this time, not wanting his Master's delicious treat to be taken away. He felt his Master press his hand against his head, forcing him to take in a little more. 

When his boy gagged slightly, Sagi pulled back a little and changed his position so that he was standing more over Aiden, causing the boy to lean back slightly. Sagi starting to move in short, quick thrusts, getting closer to Aiden's gag reflex while his large balls brushed against the boy's face. This time when his sub choked, Sagi held still.

"Breath through your nose," he instructed as he held himself firmly in place. 

After about ten seconds he let off so Aiden could catch his breath before going right back. The boy began to get excited that he was able to take his Master's cock a little bit deeper in his mouth and throat every time. Aiden only managed slightly over half way but it was a valiant effort. He kissed, sucked and slobbered trying to match his Master's thrusts, reveling in the feeling of his Master's balls slapping against his face. 

His Master suddenly gripped his hair tight, thrusting furiously. The pain in his scalp caused Aiden's little cock to spasm and explode. Strings of cum covered his pelvis, lower belly and chest.

Seeing his boy covered in his own cum, made the giant groan in passion as he lost his own load. He had been pent up for a while and released a massive amount of cum all over Aiden's face and chest before placing his softening dick back in the boy's mouth. Aiden sucked any remaining spunk from his Master before removing it from his mouth and rubbing his face against his Master's cock and balls.

Sagi looked down at his sweet, little submissive. The boy would need another bath. Sagi thought he looked adorable, the way Aiden nuzzled at his crotch. Suddenly, the boy began to make a sound between a moan and a purr. Sagi pulled away, knowing if he allowed the boy to continue then he would harden all over again. He had things to do and not enough time to play to much longer.

After helping the boy to his feet, Sagi scooped Aiden up, mess and all, carrying him against his chest. Aiden had never felt more secure in his entire life. His Master had taken away a lot of the fear that had been eating at him, thought not all. 

His Master stopped walking and Aiden noticed that they were back in the black tiled room. Instead of stopping at the bath, Master Sagi walked in further and opened a glass door. He shut the door behind them and set Aiden on his feet before turning on the shower.

After making sure it was warm but not too hot, Sagi pulled Aiden beneath the water. The bigger man used his hands to help clean his sub off and then wrapped his arms around him. 

The boy relaxed against his Master's body, breathing contentedly. 

Sagi's dick began to harden at the feel of Aiden's perfect, sweet, little ass. After a few moments he couldn't take the feeling and gently pushed the boy forward, towards the tile wall. Aiden did not expect this but he placed his hands against the cool tile. 

Where at first he found comfort, now he felt anxiety. His Master pushed against him and Aiden could feel the hard phallus pushing between the cleft between his ass cheeks and his heart began to race. This would be it, he thought, his gentle giant of a Master was about to hurt him, in the same way and place as Antony, his handler, had. His sweet Master was about to turn into a monster.

Aiden sniffed, his heart breaking just a little. He had believed his Master wouldn't hurt him during sex like he claimed but Aiden didn't see how he would keep his word. He was barely healed and his Master was so big... while that excited his mouth he was terrified of what it would do to his small, fragile asshole.

Sagi was never one to miss an unspoken que through body language. He noticed Aiden tense up the moment his dick got too close. He kissed the side of Aiden's neck, lightly, before backing away so he could spin the boy around. He slammed Aiden's back up against the tile and pinned his wrist's above his head with one hand.
