 Chapter 69: Kid's Day Out

"Mmm..." Adam takes a deep breath as his senses slowly come into awareness. His body begins to stretch as he gives a straining moan, his foot stiffens and reaches outward until it came into contact with another foot. He looks to his side, and smiles as he sees the peeping eyes of his ever-loving boyfriend, "Mmm... Hey you..." He mumbles.

"Hey, Cutie..." Merrick mumbles before closing his eyes again, and rolling over to cuddle up to Adam in bed, before peering those sapphires again to look into those chocolate brown eyes.

"How come it always feels like the first time for the first week you come back?" Adam asked.

"I've only gone back to the sea one other time since we met Samudra," He answers, "Syrinx said that's what they do too when she comes home: All they do is fuck for a whole week before life gets back to normal."

"Hahaha, oh God," Adam puts his hand on his eyes, "And what about that other merman in the pod? Denny? Deidara? Dexter?"

"His name is Deilan, smartass," Merrick plaps Adam's chest, "And he lives in Italy, so you can guess how it is with him and HIS girlfriend."

"Yeah, so what, all they do is fuck for a month?" 

"Pfff, hahaha," Merrick laughs as he casually kisses Adam's bicep, "I can't imagine what that must be like, if she's Catholic, he doesn't say." 

"Ya know, I'M part Italtian~" Adam says with a waggle of his brows and a playful look of pressing his teeth on a third of his tongue.

"Aren't you part EVERYTHING?" Merrick jabbed him lightly.

"Eh, part Italian, part Irish, part Russian, some German in there somewhere..." He mumbled, "I'm tellin' ya, I'm a freakin cocktail mutt, ya know?"

The two of them stay in the bed, looking into each other's eyes as they rest and giggle softly, "You look good, Merrick..." Adam comments, "You look better than you have in ages..."

"I feel good..." Merrick replies.

"I don't know what it is..." Adam traces his fingers along Merrick's cheek, "Looking at you... Just seem like... I dunno, it's almost like you're glowing." 

Merrick smiles gently as he feels his lover, "Before I came home yesterday, I ran into my Mother." Adam's eyes widen from that.

"Your Mom??" He feels a wave of surprise.

"Yes..." Merrick nodded, "The pod was just leaving these waters, and she must've sensed my soul nearby... So she used this shell Yuri made for me to track me down... Just to see me."

"Oh my God," Adam adjusts so he's on his elbow, "What happened?"

"She just..." Merrick smiles as he shrugs, "She missed me, a lot, and... She looked into my eyes, and looked into my soul." Hearing these sorts of things, what Noitas are able to see, they still give Adam a chill in his spine, "Mother saw all of the things that happened to me... Everything that made me miserable, all the stuff that hurt me..." 

Merrick took a deep breath as he shakes his head, "Adam, I can't tell you how ashamed I was of myself to even look at her after everything that's happened... I felt like I wasn't worthy to even see her... My own Mother..."

"Oh babe..." Adam gently cupped his cheek.

"It's ok... It's all ok now..." He looks up with a smile, "She did what any mother should be able to do: She kissed me and made everything better." Adam gives a happy smile to him, "I've hurt so much, held onto so much pain and anguish... And then she showed me the light."

"Showed you the light?" Adam asked, "How do you mean?"

"She... She saw, all of the things that made me suffer," Merrick said, "Saw how torn-up and dark my soul had become."

"Babe, no," Adam sat up and gently put his hands onto his boyfriend, "You're not dark, sweetie, you're not dark-"

"Adam," Merrick softly pushes Adam's hand off of him, "Dark doesn't mean evil or cursed... Or, yes, it does mean cursed, but yeah. It just meant that my emotions weren't as functional or effective as they used to be. That's all." He sighed as he also sat up, "My point is that... My mind and my heart has always been plagued by all the stuff that's happened to me..." He gestured, "When we broke up... When I nearly died when the blood of the earth poisoned me... When I was banished... My fear of the Capricorn... My very health declining from dehydration... When we were kidnapped by the Agency... As well, as all this time, I feel like I deceived and lied to everyone I loved..."

"Oh baby..." Adam put his hand on Merrick's arm.

"I just... I ignored looking at the bright side of things, so my heart just felt so heavy and clouded. Like you humans say, I didn't look for the 'Silver-Lining' because I was too busy trying to keep myself together after all that's happened."

"So... What did your Mom do exactly?"

Merrick smiled as he rubbed his own arm, "She reminded me all of the good things I have going for me..." He chuckled, "Or rather, she infused her aura into mine, and gave new life to my memories like a sunrise. Like..." He gestured again, "When we broke up, and I was lost in the oil spill, you came for me..." A tear rolled from Merrick's eye, without him showing any indication of crying or sobbing - just a sparkling drop coming down, "I broke your heart as well as mine, and you saved me, and you never left my side, even though I said every word to hurt you..."

"I love you Merrick..." Adam wiped the tear off of Merrick's cheek, "Even before I knew about the Red Moon stuff, I'm always going to come for you..."

"I know... And I didn't bother to remember that until my Mother showed me..." He smiled, "Another large pain was when I was exiled... Adam, I lost everything in one night... My Father thought I would straighten up and reform if he brought my trail to question, but I ended up leaving... When all was said and done, I still had one place where I was welcome, I... You, Jamal, Yuri... You all were my net when I fell..."

"That's..." Adam chuckled weakly, "That's what we do, babe... We stick together..." He's really not sure what to say while Merrick processes this.

"And then, heh..." Merrick continued, "You know about my health, and the Capricorn scare... It just seems silly now... Me being terrified of the ocean because I was afraid the Capricorn was going to kill me."

"There's no way you could've known that." Adam shook his head.

"Yeah, but... Eheheh, the Coshiton Triton himself had to come to me to tell me to stop being a wuss-"

"Merrick," Adam lightly punched Merrick's arm, "You're doing it again, and you know it. You had the option of staying on land longer, while the other Coshitons have always been in the ocean. You had nothing else to go on."

"Heheheh... Alright, you got me there." Merrick said, "And then the Agency."

"Ok now," Adam put his hand on Merrick's chest, "You're not going to tell me that there's a good thing coming out of that."

"No." Merrick shook his head, "That... That was what humans may call a living hell... It's what came after it." Merrick said, "When Jamal, Yuri, your Grandma... Even Belinda, someone I can barely tolerate, I was so happy to see her... And despite everything, we were free in the end, and I put an end to the man responsible for everything... And that's all I'm gonna say about it."

"Ok..." He went in, and kissed him. 

"It's just so... Overwhelming, you know?" Merrick said. His arms held onto his own arms as he shook and bowed his head, "Adam, I missed her so much, you can't even imagine..."

"C'mere," Adam scooted in, and hugged him. Merrick unfurled his arms, and hugged him back.

"I'm ok..." Merrick mumbled, "I'm a lot better now..." They stayed together for a few moments, before they parted.

"Lets go shower. I still feel grungy from yesterday."

"Ok~" Merrick smiled as he gets up with him.

~~~

"Mmmmhhhhh~" If Arnaav was a cat, he would be purring endlessly, surrounded in the very large, thick, soft sail that female human gave him to sleep in on the couch. Every inch of his small body feels so warm snuggly in this cocoon of fluffy goodness. 

"Hm?" He hears something. He looks up, and see the tan, slightly hairy human male creeping in the hallway, giggling as he holds Merrick's hand as they grin, both of them naked and looking giddy as they disappear into a doorway into an unknown room. 

"Huh?" The boy tilts his head curiously as more questions pop into his little head when he hears a strange, rain-like noise start to run inside the closed door.

~~~

Adam steps into the glass shower shortly before Merrick, smiling ear to ear as he presses his body against the other under the cascade of warm water after closing the shower door. Merrick giggles as he frot their limb penises together as they hugged, feeling a keen tug from within the middle of his dick as they rubbed each other under the hot shower.

Merrick kissed Adam's lips playfully, prompting Adam to open his mouth and pull on his moist mouth with a smooth suckle. Adam's tongue licked onto Merrick's teeth just before touching the other wet sliver, and then proceeding to lick the broadside of Merrick's tongue. 

The merman licked in under Adam's tongue as their lips pressed firmly against one another. They parted the kiss with a luscious pop before Adam licks up Merrick's neck, and then gnawed on his cheek. Merrick smiles and laughs as Adam licks and tastes along his cheek, before gently holding onto the sides of his head and gluing his lips to the other.

Merrick moans as Adam's tongue rubbed the roof of his mouth and the side of the other tongue, while Merrick reaches down, and grins as he feels Adam's rock-hard shaft, and breaking the kiss to look down.

"Damn, you're fuckin throbbing already?" Merrick growls as he squeezes Adam's mighty erection.

"I haven't cum in a week before last night," Adam huffs, "And God, you're just so fuckin fine." He turns Merrick around, and forces him against the tile wall. 

He grabs the bottle of body wash, and applies a large, green glob of Green Apple Splash onto Merrick's backside. When the liquid soap reached to his dick, Adam rubbed his rod into those mounds, scrubbing into Merrick's crack with his manhood, while also rubbing the wash onto Merrick's back, and then onto groping and squeezing those heavenly buttcheeks, not even bothering to grab the scrub pad. 

His hands massage that bubble butt to bring out the fruity-smelling foam, and proceeded to squish those healthy, jiggly mounds in on his raging cock, puckering hi slips and hissing as he humped in the swamp of green-tinted bubbles. 

The suds drips from those peachy globes, as well as Adam's soaked balls as Adam rubs his sack up Merrick's carwash caboose, while his dick trails up Merrick's back. Adam grabs his rock-hard member, and tucks it down under.

"Mmnn~" Merrick bites his lower lip as his thighs rub around that hard dong.

"Back that up on me, babe~" Adam says as his hands go to those hips. Merrick smooshes his soapy butt against Adam's pelvic region, and grinds his ass into him, "Mmm, yeah, that's what I'm talking about~" Adam smoothly undulates himself to rub and dangle Merrick's soft testicles around with his log, while the foam soaks into Adam's pubs. 

Adam turns Merrick back around, and strokes his sud-covered dick before moving in, and tucking it under Merrick's ballsack again, bringing them closer together, and kissing his cheek lusciously.

"Oooh, yeah~" Merrick grins as he locks his mouth with the other as his own boner meets with Adam's wet Happy Trail while that fat log pushes back and forth along his loose orbs. Adam's hips rolled and humped gracefully in front of Merrick as his most naughty part makes them both feel dirty and clean at the same time. 

They break the kiss for Adam to turn around, and start soaping his own ass. Merrick watches with hunger as those hands circle and wash that perfectly fuzzy rump, stroking himself as he gives that ass an occasional pat. Adam dips down as if he dropped the soap, and smoothly curves upward before him, still scrubbing his manly booty by systematically working his fingers to dig into his anus, and palming his own cheeks. Adam grins as his cock twitches between his legs, over his free-hanging nuts as he bends over slightly, and spreads his legs.

"How about we clean every inch of me~?" Adam asks with a grin, wiggling his butt back and forth, dripping with light green foam.

"Mmmm, fuck yeah~" Merrick walks behind him and holds him upright as he grins himself against Adam as the soap runs down their legs. Merrick grabs both firm buttocks, and gives them a squeeze. Adam smiles wide as he feels Merrick thoroughly fondle and rub his buttcheeks in firm, circular motions, before a hot fluff pulses in his chest as Merrick's hands dig deeper between his intimate areas.

"H-Hoh God..." Adam gasps as he feels Merrick rub and juggle his nuts with the apple lather. "FFfff, ooooh~" Adam arches his back as those fingers massage and glide around his balls.

After some of the soap was rinsed off, Adam snickers, and starts to laugh as he feels Merrick's face in his undercarriage. Adam reaches down to masturbate while Merrick nuzzles his testicles with his nose. Adam spreads his legs wider to allow Merrick to turn and lick his free-hanging danglers. Adam chuckles as he looks down to see Merrick nip and bounce his balls around with his mouth.

"Ahh~ Oooh~" Adam shudders as that tongue glides on the backside of his ballsac before taking one orb into his mouth for a brief suckle, and then the other one, before laying a hot kiss onto that tender batter pouch.

Merrick stands back up behind Adam, and went in to give a hot love bite on the back of his neck. His arms feel around Adam's torso as Adam leans his head back, closing his eyes and gaping his mouth open as he lets his lover hug and feel him, his dick feeling extremely hard as he waits for Merrick to penetrate him as that hard rod grinds deep along Adam's hot crack.

"WHOA! Water??" Comes a young voice.

"AHH!" Adam jumbled as he and Merrick immediately parted, and his back pressed against the cold tile wall.

"Is that actually hot rain as well as a warm mist?!" Arnaav asked with wonder.

"Oh fuck!" Adam's hands dive down to his erect crotch to cover himself as he sees the kid in the bathroom. He whips his head around, and grabs Yuri's large, fancy bottle of Precious Pink Lily body wash, and holds it over his groin.

"A-Arnaav!" Merrick fumbles around for a moment, trying to find a way to cover his hard-on, before findally finding a washcloth, and hiding himself as he stepped out, "Get out! Quickly!"

"Wait! Merrick!" Arnaav yelps as he is forced outside of the bathroom, "I don't understand!" The door flies shut before they can say anything. Merrick huffs with a deep sigh as he walks back into the shower, dripping wet as the two of them now share a very awkward silence.

"Umm... S-Soap is a uh... Bad lubricant anyway..." Adam says, his penis slowly drooping as he put the round, jewel-capped pink lather back up.

"Oh my God, I can't even right now." Merrick says as he presses his palms to his own face, his chest pounding with bewilderment.

~~~

"Huh? Wha's goin on?" Jamal says as he looks out his bedroom door, wearing a white undershirt and jersey shorts. He sees the nude kid standing at the bathroom door, looking sad and scared, "Lil man? What happened? Uh-" He holds his hand up to obstruct his vision of Arnaav's body. It is REALLY weird to have a naked child running around.

"I think M-Merrick is mad at me." Arnaav whimpered, "I heard rain, and I went to see it. He and his mate were holding each other, and then Merrick pushed me out." His eyes watered, "I don't understand."

"It's-... Ah, ya know... Jus... Gah, hang on." Jamal goes back into his room, and comes back out with a T-shirt with an orange and yellow sunset design on it, "Could you put this on real quick?"

"Ok..." Jamal walks over, and slips the garment over the young lad, seeing the shirt reach to the top of his knees, "There we go." He nodded.

"I-I'm scared, Merrick's really angry at me." Arnaav panicked, "I don't know what I did..."

"Hey, hey, it's aight, lil man." Jamal squats down, and puts his hands onto Arnaav, "Don't worry bout it, you ok, man. He ain't mad, it's ok."

"B-But he yelled at me." Arnaav trembled, "He was just to loud and fast, I didn't-"

"Aight, aight, calm down now. C'mon, les go." Jamal walks the boy into the living room, before he gasped at seeing the golden dog on the couch, where he was sleeping, "Down, Sals, go on." Jamal snapped his fingers and pointed. Sally obediently hops off the couch, and pushed through the doggie door. Jamal has Arnaav sit down, before taking a seat himself, "Aight, now I git that you new here. And there's a lotta weird stuff that you're not used to, ok?"

"Mhm... W-Who are you again?"

"Jamal. Yo name's Arnie, right?"

"Arnaav."

"Aight, got it." Jamal nods, "First thing. You know that place you just walked into? Where Merrick and Adam where?" He nods, "That place is called the bathroom. That's where people go to clean themselves, and do they bidness. You don't ever go into a bathroom when the door is closed, without knocking first. Got it?"

"But why? If it's only cleaning, I don't see why it is such a problem."

"Same reason why we don't walk around nekkid alla time. People don't like gettin weird with their bodies with other people watchin. Which comes to the next rule: No matta what, ya always gotta be wearin somethin - like dat shirt," Jamal plucked at the sleeve, "Or, psshh!" He chuckles as he picks up Arnaav's discarded shorts, "Or some shorts, aight? Ya gotta remember to cover-up."

"This is so annoying!" Arnaav pouted, "In the sea, merfolk don't need to hide themselves so much like that!"

"Aheheh, I know, but we ain't merfolk, lil man. And if you gonna be stayin here, ya gotta follow some rules. Ya dig?"

"I... What?" The slang totally flies over his head.

"Aheheh," Jamal chuckles, "Do you understand, what I meant to say."

"Yes..." Arnaav nods, not knowing why he just couldn't ask that in the first place. 

"Heh, aight, aight," Jamal gets up, and signals for the kid to follow him, "C'mon, make ya some French Toast b'fore I leave fo work." Arnaav hops from the couch, and trots over with him.

~~~

"So what do you wanna do about Arnaav?" Adam asks as Merrick puts on his Lovers uniform, "I don't think he should be home all alone, and I don't think he should come with YOU to work, considering all the wall-to-wall sex stuff."

"I think he'd be ok," Merrick says while Adam gets ready to go too, "He's with Roxas and Sally. Merman can talk to animals, remember?"

"Roxas is a cat that doesn't even know him, and Sally is still barely older than a puppy," Adam said, "And in case you didn't know, humans have a big issue with leaving kids under the age of 13 to be alone in the house."

"Alright, how bout Yuri? They seem to get along."

"Yuri's either at the college for classes, or at the hospital for hands-on experience. She'll be too busy to really know he's there, and he might get into trouble if he has no idea how to function in the human world."

"Ok, what's Jamal doing today then?"

"By what I hear, its freight day at the Waltz, he's going to be busy all the time. Besides, you know as well as I do that they don't like kids there at all, Steve is still peeved you had him let Arnaav in."

"Fine, then why don't YOU take him?" Merrick says.

"Me?" Adam blinks, "Are you sure, after that fiasco in the shower?"

"He didn't see anything, Adam," Merrick says, "If anything, he's probably wondering why we were so mad about him seeing us at all in a miniature rain."

"I guess I could take him with me..." Adam pondered, "If Captain doesn't mind."

"He won't. I brought him there looking for you, and he just laughed off when Arnaav got into the shrimp at one of the stands at the Fish House market." 

"Ok, sounds good." Adam nods as they both head out of the room, and into the living room, to see Jamal and Arnaav eating their breakfast. 
