 (A true story.)

I encountered his profile online, a comparatively vanilla profile. He described himself as a latino top who smoked, occasionally drank, didn't talk much, loved leather-latex-rubber...and liked to piss and "give a hand" when needed. He claimed to be well hung (9"), which turned out to be completely true...and not in "internet inches". Frankly, I found him jaw-droppingly handsome. 

I don't know why I wrote him; I got that funny little frisson up and down my spine reading his profile, shot down the little voices in the back of my head whispering "He's out of your league", and wrote to him, inviting him over to play once I was checked into my hotel and had a room number. 

Wonder of wonders, he said "yes".

When I checked into my room at the hotel, I gave him a call on his cell. He was driving, and said he'd be over in 20, 25 minutes. fuckFuckFUCK. I hadn't cleaned out yet! After popping a 5 mg Cialis (which turned out to be a good thing, given the length of our subsequent play session), I think I did the fastest (20-minute) butt cleanout of my life. 

I had JUST dried off and put on a black jockstrap and a loose t-shirt (my usual pre-play clothing) when he knocked on the door.

It was the oddest thing; he had a model-perfect body with a few faded but very nice tattoos here and there, and was completely un-self-conscious about taking off his clothes...and suddenly, as if we were linked at the brain stem...so was I. 

Well, I left on my black jockstrap when he started fondling it before we got onto the bed, because he really, really liked it, and wouldn't let me take it off.

He kissed me, and even though he was a smoker, he didn't taste bad. In fact, he tasted very, very good. This man knew how to kiss. He laid down on the bed, and motioned me to join him there...and the world kind of fell away from there. As we came in closer, The Scent Of Him became immediately apparent...and I felt my dick start to stir all on its own.

"Mr. Pheromone" was both more slender and furry than his pictures had indicated, and his dick really was 9"...and very, very thick. Thick enough that it completely blocked my airway when I deep-throated him...which he kind of liked, keeping my head pressed down with both hands. But I've gotten ahead of myself.

He guided my head to his rising dick, which was extremely thick and meaty, and seemed highly appreciative of my oral talents. He was cut loosely, and his dick was thick enough, including the head, that I probably could have inserted my little finger into his piss-slit. As it was, my tongue had a wonderful time playing around in there.

He LOVED pulling me down onto his dick, cutting off my air, but he quickly found that he loved even more letting my head range free so I could nibble at the base of his dick, suck each of his nicely-sized balls into my mouth, and chew on his smooth and tasty nutsack.

OMFG...the taste. EVERY part of this man tasted good. The pheromones were flowing hot and heavy. Both ways.

However, he wasn't one of my often-complained-about passive hung tops. Quite the contrary, in fact; he was highly active and proactive. We changed positions frequently so he could finger my butt, play with my dick through the jockstrap (which was later pulled aside so he could suck me, which he did with great gusto), and suddenly we were in a position for him to rim me. And he did.

And I heard angels. (Well, if I believed in angels, I'd have heard them.) 

His tongue proved to be long and strong and thick, well matched to his dick...and he knew how to use both of 'em. I think we spent a good 20-30 minutes with his tongue embedded up my butt as I squirmed in pleasure. He tongued me gently, he raped my butt with his tongue (quite an accomplishment, really), he fingered me, he fingered and tongued me simultaneously...and I never wanted it to end. I could feel my butt trying to swallow his entire face. "Open" was putting it mildly.

At several points, he experimentally slapped my butt or balls to see what kind of reaction he got out of me. I loved it, but my heady was too deeply enmeshed in what his tongue was doing to moan. I resolved to ask him to integrate more spanking into the scene the next time we play. Every touch of his hand, even a sharp slap, sent waves of sexual energy cascading through my body. I could tell he wanted to explore this some more, too...but it seemed that both of us were too deeply enmeshed in his tongue/my butt.

Did I mention that I forgot to pack any lube on this trip? Another one of those fuckFuckFUCK! moments. Fortunately, I'd brought a large tube of hand lotion in my toiletries kit, and he applied that lotion all over my body like a pro...butt, dick, where ever. Even after spending an enormously long amount of time licking out my butt while jerking off my rock hard dick using the lotion, he paused to suck my dick down his throat while he kept his fingers busy in my butt.

For a top, he sure loved playing with my much-smaller-than-his dick. I made a comment that I used to think I had a much smaller than normal dick, and he laughed, saying it was a wonderful size, and so THICK, and it felt and tasted so good in his hands and mouth that he was VERY turned on.

We had previously discussed gloves for fisting, condoms for fucking. I was therefore surprised when he slapped his (raw) hard dick over my butt, and rubbed the head over and around (not in) my hole, depositing his own precum all over the entrance. For a very long second, I froze, not wanting to be barebacked...and then with an evil grin at me, he extended his tongue and proceeded to lick up every trace. Hawt. 

It was the first time in my life I've ever been tempted to bareback. I didn't, but I was surprised. I later discovered that, other than having a liking for pissing up men's butts, he was perfectly willing to use condoms and gloves without complaint...which earned him a number of points in my imaginary "ideal playmate" scorebook.

We swapped places, and I was presented with a perfectly-shaped, melon-sized pair of furry cheeks with a hole so inviting that it was only because he very specifically told/asked me to not insert anything other than my tongue that I didn't end up trying to fist HIM. His hole had a musky, almost sweet taste and smell...and was exquisitely sensitive. I probably spent just as much time with my tongue up his butt as he did with me. 

His dick was rock-hard dripping when my hand touched it, and he started fucking my hand with his dick while his butt fucked my tongue. (And no, I didn't get those last two nouns backwards._ I just wanted to put my entire head up his butt, and when I rubbed the top of my shaved head up against his butt, it was like turning on an electrical circuit.

I swore to him that if he ever, EVER decided to let someone up his butt, would he PLEASE consider me for that honor, because I wanted to work over his butt for several hours. He laughed and thanked me...but it was a very thoughtful sort of laugh. I have a feeling he may have seriously been considering the offer. 

We stopped to rest at several points...and when I snuggled up into his side, he lifted up his arms, and a wave of fresh male pheromones hit me. I don't know how to describe how it smelled, other than it made me dive my head into his armpit and start sniffing and licking...which drove him crazy in the very best of ways. I could feel his softening dick snap to attention under my hand as I burrowed into each of his armpits. 

The taste was even better than the aroma. He didn't use deodorant, so it was the smell and taste of Hot Masculine Man and nothing else. I was literally dizzy at the delicious strength of his body chemistry, and he was lost in a world of his own appreciating being appreciated. I wanted to (and did!) rub my head into each of his armpits, the better to capture his musk to carry with me the next day. I did the same for my facial hair...I had to have some souvenir to reassure myself that this really HAD happened, that this incredibly hot man and I had connected on a number of sexual, physical, and energy levels.

I finally had to stop sniffing and licking his armpits before I passed out. I snuggled up on his chest, my left hand reaching up to massage the back of his neck while my right reached down to gently caress the sole of one of his beautiful feet. I made a mental note that if/when we played again, I was going to explore his feet some more, because they absolutely activated my foot fetish circuits, and because I suspected that they were highly sensitive to delicate touch, taste, and nibbling.

We started kissing again, and got animalistic. nipping and biting at each other. His armpits were the first obvious place to start, and as soon as he bent his head down to kiss me, I licked his adam's apple, eliciting both a moan and an upwards jerk of his head as he exposed his throat to me. I didn't hesitate to nibble and bite and worry (not quite hard enough to leave marks) at the front of his throat, working my way around under his chin line to the back of his neck, which inflamed his desire even further. At one point, I thought he was going to take a chunk out of my shoulder, we were both getting into the biting so much.

He was playing with my prostate with a couple of fingers, and my butt decided it wanted more, so I paused the action, opened the bedside drawer, and pulled out a clean bed chuck and an unopened stick of Crisco. His eyes lit up when I apologized for having no other lube besides this and the lotion. He grinned and said, "Hey, it's my favorite lube; don't apologize!"

Once the bed chuck and opened stick of Crisco were in place, he started to put a couple of fingers up my hole...but they felt, I don't know, SHARP. (I didn't recall his nails being that long, but man holes pick up a lot more subtler signals than do eyes or hands.) 

I asked him to pull back, and had him cone up four fingers and press gently against my hole. I started manipulating my hole to get a better angle while I started some deep breathing. 

We could both sense that my butt wanted more, because without my even saying anything, he nearly immediately pulled back his hand out just enough to tuck his thumb inside of the cone of fingers, and placed the cone at the entrance to my hole.

I directed him to maintain a steady pressure and direction while I did some more deep breathing, and felt his hand slide nearly effortlessly into my hole. I wish I was watching his face when it happened. Hell, I wish I could have seen MY face when it happened. So fast, so easy, so second-nature that I didn't even have time to make a noise.

He said, "I really want to see you nut!" I looked at him, but he shook his head, saying that he was worn out, and he can't cum when he's tired...but he really wanted me to get off. Allowing myself to be the recipient of pleasure and to stop worrying constantly about whether I'm pleasuring the man who's pleasuring me is something I've been working on for many years. With this guy, I didn't hesitate to grab a blob of Crisco and start whacking away at my still-hard dick...even though I rarely pay attention to my own dick if someone's up my ass. 

Every stroke I made seemed to bring me as twice as much pleasure as usual. I was grooving on having his hand in my butt--which, predictably, started trying to climb up his arm towards his elbow--as he worked my prostate, which was already vibrating from my jerking off and squeezing certain anal muscles (think "kegel exercises"), and I was astonished to have not one, but TWO orgasms.

The first orgasm was a gentle wash of cum over my hand (it was too thick for precum) and the usual wonderful orgasmic feelings that I'd expect, and he grunted "YEAH!" as it happened...but something made me keep pumping away, and then a full-body, prostate/butt centered orgasm hit me, and I really started spewing cum over my hand, my balls, and probably his wrist. My scream was very gutteral, more of an extended grunt.

I can't tell how long my orgasms last. I can only observe the person observing me. Even after I finished cumming, I kept jerking away on my dick, because his hand felt so GOOD AND RIGHT in there. Eventually, I stopped jerking off, and was able to gasp, very quietly, "Please pull out very, very slowly." 

The pleasure in my butt and prostate from the feeling of his lower arm, wrist, and finally his hand passing out rolled my eyes up in pleasure. I suspect I blacked out for a second, because the universe fell away and all I could perceive was sparks flying out of my butt in the dark heart of outer space.

After a minute (or perhaps just a couple of seconds), he asked if I wanted the shower first. I was going to ask him to shower with me, but sensed that we both needed some time to "come down" from the experience. Unfortunately, most of his aroma washed away with the soap and water. Most. I very specifically didn't use soap on a couple of places to try and maintain the pheromones.

I felt a little silly about it, until I came out of the shower, made sure that everything was cleaned up (I winced when I saw some messy dirty liquid on the bed chuck, but that's what it FOR, anyway), and had him take off his glove and toss it into the bed chuck before I folded it up.

Mr. Pheromone looked me in the eye, held up his ungloved (and clean) hand to his nose, and breathed in deeply. "I like having the smell of a man I've played with on me for a while. I know the old adage, "Great minds think alike," but still I felt stunned that HE wanted to keep MY pheromones around for a while.

After his shower, he had to piss, and I happily sat indian style on the floor in front of him. His piss was strong, tangy, not quite bitter, with something of an edge to it (tobacco?). I felt it pouring comforting warming energy down my throat and into my body, where my dick started to get hard all over again. I started trying to control the flow by gently squeezing his dick with my lips just before I swallowed, but he tapped me gently on the cheek and said to just let it flow down my throat without trying to MAKE it do so....and it worked. 

He said he hoped we could get together again on my next trip, and I said "Well, I AM here tomorrow night, too..." but he shook his head and said he has a policy about playing with someone too soon after the first time. My face must have fallen, because he then said "...but I wouldn't rule it out completely. You never know."

After Mr. Pheromone had left, I realized that I coudln't smell him on me any more, and I felt like crying.

Then I sat down on the bed to put on some shoes and realized that the bed didn't quite reek of his pheromones--altough "reek" is both too strong and negative of a term--but his delightful scent wafted up to me from most of the pillows as well as the bedsheet. 

I rubbed my face all over the sheets, the better to recapture his scent to carry with me in my goatee for as long as I could.