 Jason worked in the reception now of a large hotel in Torbay. As he does shift work we are able to see a lot more of each other which is ideal, because my shifts usually correspond with his.

I am still busy doing my market stall bit on a Wednesday and Saturday which keep me financed all week long.

Jason wants me to live with him I know that, He keeps passing ominous hints but I feel I am just not ready for a committed relationship just yet..

And apart from that the way we are now, how he comes to visit me and the wonderful things we do, I feel, would never be the same. I love the thrill and excitement of welcoming him and doing what he likes to do, usually soon after he arrives because he is always hot for me.

He tells me it was all he could do to hold himself back on the way over from the hotel and here regularly nursed a hard on, just thinking about me.

That makes me feel wanted and special and upon his arrival I simply rest my hands on the dining room table, legs slightly apart and arch my back just a little bit. He loves that and when he undoes my belt and pulls down my jeans after a slap or two; he compliments me on whatever boxer shorts I am wearing. I know he likes red and black so I usually make sure I am duly dressed.

I close my eyes as he feels around me, and gently touches me. It is so good and I do love it so much, and even more because I know what is coming. Systematically he strips me bare and I feel the splendor of him sucking and licking my everywhere - but mostly my butt which is lovely. I cannot explain just how wonderful that feels and when he spreads my cheeks wide apart I know I can look forward to a great deal of beautiful sucking as he pushes his face between my buttocks as always, his hand exploring my cock and balls so delightfully as he enjoys me to the full.

I love the noises he makes, the sounds and the moans and I know it won't be long before I feel his deep fuck inside me.

"Just bend a little more Alex; you are so divine I want to eat you all up."

"Then you would have nothing left to fuck!" I tease and then I do as he asks.. Twisting my head as he continues to suck me I see his gorgeous swell, which I just have to feel. Jason's cock is just everything a guy could wish for and I so love to suck it off once he has been inside me. There is always an element of true intimacy and I adore the pungent taste of sex which we both love to share in a compelling sixty nine position spread on the bed after sex.

But for now it is fucking time, his cock is well primed and I take a last look before he begins to fill me up and then I grab the feeling of his erection entering me given a gentle swashing of lubricant beforehand.

"That is so warm and good Alex" he groans and I feel his fuck begin to build, but not before he pauses half way which he knows I like and he has come to enjoy too.

It gives me the opportunity to feel his pulse thumping inside and I am able to stiffen my rectal muscles and give it a good tight squeeze which Jason adores. So much that he promises to fuck the ass off me he begins to thrust again and I am completely n another world, it is sheer heaven on earth being fucked by Jason and I so love to hear his balls slap my ass on every deep thrust.

By the time he has finished and delivered his cum into me he squeezes my balls and gives me a real good wank when soon I have cum too and we are able to mingle each other's juices as we kiss suck.

We chill and enjoy the moments after as we regain our breath. He gently rubs cream into my opening   to dispel the sting of his large cock entering me and once again I wiggle for him, my way of telling him that I am all ass for him any time he wants

We talk afterwards, about all sorts of things. Catching up with the news - because upon his arrival he had his mind on only one thing.

He was talking about how he chats up one of the cleaning women called Sandra and her secrets about her experiences when cleaning and tidying up a hotel room.

"She can actually tell if a couple has had sex during the night."

"I guess the sheets are stained or something like that" I said.

"Well that too but she claims to smell sex. She can even tell if it was two guys, a heterosexual couple or lesbians without knowing the sex of those who booked a room for a night of two."

"Fascinating" I said teasing and squeezing Jason's foreskin over his new erection which he adored after sex.

"She reckons the normal heterosexual sex smell is sweet. Lesbians a little more sweet - and two guys, very pungent."

"Wow!" I said. This cleaner girl seems to not mind you knowing her secrets>"

"I think she has the hots for me and she is trying to lure me on if you ask me, Alex."

"Well I wasn't asking until now, so did you shag her."

"No I wasn't in the mood, You know me Alex I have to be in the mood for quinny. I hate being bisexual sometimes because I cannot always concentrate on you, which is my favorite occupation. She has a glorious ass and I am sure I would anal her but whether she would want that I another thing.

"Well I don't mind, you know that Jason, Go for it if you want just so long as it doesn't interfere with our relationship."

"Never, never Alex, I would be lost!"

"To tell you the truth I did have a wet dream imaging I was up her skirt as she was bent over making a bed. It is all this talk about smelling sex I guess which is rather a turn on."

"Well I can smell you when you are fired up. Like now as I squeeze back your foreskin and take in the pungent aroma. That is always a 'come on and suck me up' turn on" I said.

"Likewise I love to smell you when I being to stir your hole around and around with my spit. That always sets me off as you well know, I just cannot get enough of you, I guess you know that Alex?"

"I do and I also know when you are ready for it again" I whispered looking down at him.

"Would you mind Alex? I don't want to wear you out!"

"I grasped his beating cock and placed it firmly into my mouth so I could give it a real deep sucking, almost into my throat as he moaned that to save him for my fuck.

That did it and he was really on heat again, he was like an animal and took me laying sideways on the bed, I was still naked for him  and the feel of that adorable primed cock entering and sliding up my ass again was wonderfully soothing .

I manipulated him inside me by moving my hips with each fuck and we reached a perfect rhythm which was always nice. I heard his breath grow stronger and stronger as he real went to town with my ass, yelling that mine was still the best and would beat the cleaning girls anytime.

But I was thinking that I would really like his to fuck her, and then me afterwards. That would be different and something knew. I wonder how the smell of sex would be than

As he left told him that, and he said okay he may go for it.

"Better still how about bringing her around, then we could have some real fun, she may like that."

"Hey, one step at a time" Jason laughed. Let me get to fucking her first okay?"

"Anything you say Jason" I said as he grasped my ass cheeks one last time before he was on his way.

Afterwards I chilled and thought of Jason's fuck of me, 

I knew it! I was cuming again!