 Morning came and Alex awoke with a start. He looked around the room trying to remember where he was. He had a funny taste in his mouth and his stomach was rumbling with hunger. And someone was in bed beside him, taking up too much room. But then he remembered who it was and it all came back to him, the shower, the kissing, the dick-sucking. He reached over and gently touched the shoulder of the man he'd spent the night making love with. 

Making love? Was that the right term to describe what he and Rob had done? Some people would use a different term, but it hardly mattered. Regardless of what anyone called it, Alex knew he was a changed man. Having sex with Rob had changed his whole life. He would never be the same again.

He got up from the bed and looked out the window. There were several feet of snow on the ground but the sky was clear now, and he could see that snowplows had already been at work on the road in front of the motel. One guest was out in the parking lot clearing snow from his car and two or three other vehicles drove slowly past on the road. 

Was the big adventure over? 

Rob yawned and stretched under the sheets and sat up on the side of the bed. He scratched himself between the legs. "Good morning, handsome!" he said, smiling happily. He parted his lips and showed his perfect white teeth. 

Alex smiled back. "Good morning to you, too," he said quietly. 

"Helluva night."

"Yeah, it sure was." 

Alex suddenly felt sad. He almost wanted to cry. He didn't want the night to be over. 

Both men were famished, so they got dressed and hiked over to McDonald's where they ordered coffee and Egg McMuffins. And then they ordered seconds. The food wasn't bad, but the coffee was awful – like warm dishwater with coffee grounds. They washed it all down with little cups of orange juice. 

By the time they left McDonald's, the sun was twenty degrees above the horizon and the sky was a beautiful cerulean, with just a few white clouds to the south. The light bouncing off the snow was blinding. When they got back to the motel, Alex called the gas station in town to find out if the tow truck was available. The owner said the truck was out on another run, but as it happened, their driver had seen Rob's car on the side of the road earlier in the morning and knew where it was. He could pick it up on his way back to town and drop it off right at the motel if they wanted. This was agreeable to everyone, and it also gave Alex and Rob some extra time to shower and shave before they got on the road. 

Alex gave Rob some toothpaste and shampoo and Rob turned on the shower while Alex used the toilet. Rob didn't say anything about taking a shower together, so Alex went back into the other room and sat on the bed, wondering what he was going to tell Judy. He listened as Rob climbed into the shower. Alex figured that if the highways were plowed, he could probably get home to Denver before noon, but the thought of going home left him feeling depressed. 

Alex heard the shower curtain and looked up. Rob was standing in the bathroom doorway, dripping wet with a towel around his waist. "Just wondered if you wanted to join me," he said. Alex almost jumped to his feet. 

"Sure you don't mind the company?"

"Mind?" said Rob, grinning. "You don't need an invitation from me, stud. I thought you knew that." 

Alex was pleased to have another opportunity to look at Rob's beautiful body and quickly stripped off his clothes. In the shower the two men embraced and Alex began to soap the younger man's chest. He had barely touched Rob's nipples, though, before he started getting a hard-on again. 

"I love hooking up with you," said Rob. "Nobody would ever believe it was your first time. Was that all bullshit you told me just to get into my pants?"

Alex laughed and kissed Rob on the cheek. "You know that's not true. I don't know what I'm going to do when you leave, babe. You opened the door for me. What if I can't go back?"

"Hold me," said Rob, and the two men kissed again. Rob had an erection now, too, and playfully he poked it against Alex's thigh. 

"Do you want to get off again?" asked Alex.

"Can I ask you a favor?" Rob whispered. "I think we have time. I don't know if you'd want to do this, so if you don't want to, just say so and I'll understand."

"Do what?" asked Alex.

Rob hesitated like he had hesitated in the diner the previous day when Alex asked if he was married. Finally he just blurted it out. "I want you to fuck me," he said. "I want you to fuck my brains out, dude."

"You mean --?"

Rob nodded. "I love to get it in the ass. I know some bi and married guys don't like it, though."

"I don't know. I never did anything like that before." said Alex.

"You could probably get the hang of it," said Rob, grinning. "You're a damn fast learner." 

Alex thought it over. He wasn't turned off by the idea of screwing Rob in the ass, he just found it hard to imagine. He had the idea that it was difficult and painful. "Don't you need some stuff to do that? Like lubrication? Condoms?" 

"I saw a tube of vaseline in your bag. That will work," replied Rob. "I have a rubber if you want to use one, but you don't have to." 

"You'll have to show me how to do this."

"Believe me, it'll be my pleasure!" Rob's dark eyes were shining as he grabbed Alex's hand. "Come with me," he ordered. 

Still dripping from the shower, the men found the tube of vaseline in Alex's bag and headed to the bed as Rob explained a few basics. "Don't worry about hurting me. Just use plenty of this stuff and start slow," he explained. "We can start with you coming in from behind, doggie style. It's easier to start that way. Later we can try missionary position if you want. That's my favorite." Without further delay, Rob handed Alex the vaseline and climbed onto the bed. He got on his hands and knees with his rear end facing toward Alex, who was standing at the side.

Alex got closer and felt Rob's ass cheeks. His wife, Judy, didn't like to have sex on her hands and knees –it made her feel like an animal, she said. But Alex didn't mind. It made him feel in control. 

He liked how slim Rob's ass was, too -- boyish and cute instead of wide and fat. He was also very turned on by the dark hair that grew on the lower part of Rob's ass cheeks. 

Alex reached between Rob's thighs and fondled his balls for a moment, rolling them around in the palm of his hand. Then he felt upwards along the crack of his butt. 

"That's it. Put some lube in there, man," said Rob.

Alex removed the cap from the tube of vaseline and squeezed a quarter-sized dab onto his fingers. He was still a little skittish about touching Rob's asshole, but he had done it in the shower and knew that Rob liked it. He started working some vaseline into the crack while Rob squirmed and finally came to the little dimple where the asshole was. 

"That's it," Rob whispered. "Put your finger in." 

Alex pushed, but it seemed very tight. He applied some more vaseline and spread it around the hole. Rob pushed and suddenly Alex's finger slid in up to the second knuckle. 

"Oh yeah!" sighed Rob. He moved his ass from side to side while Alex gently penetrated his anus, working his finger in and out. To Alex it felt very hot and tight. He was surprised how strong and smooth the muscle around the opening felt. "Go ahead," said Rob hoarsely. "Rub some lube on your dick and put it in there."

Alex had forgotten about using a rubber. He rubbed a generous dab of vaseline directly on the head of his penis and aimed it toward the hole, or at least where he thought the hole was. He spread Rob's cheeks and slid his penis up and down until Rob told him he was on target. 

"When I say go, just push," said Rob. 

When the order came, Alex pushed and the head of his penis popped through the opening into Rob's ass. 

"Oh my God," said Alex. It was so much tighter than his wife's pussy or Rob's mouth. He had never felt anything so tight. 

When Alex first entered him, Rob's body went rigid. "That's it!" he grunted. "God, I can't believe how big you feel. Go ahead. Push!" 

Alex pushed harder. Rob's sphincter seemed to relax, and then tighten, and then relax again. Soon Alex felt his shaft gliding slowly, inch by inch, into Rob's rectum. The sensation was unbelievable. The closest thing Alex could imagine would be some kind of thick, slippery rubber band sliding down his shaft. Soon he had all eight inches buried inside Rob's body. 

"Oh FUCK!" said Rob, spitting out the words. He shuddered and pushed his rear end toward Alex's body. He shuddered again. "Oh God, that's good. FUCK MY ASS YOU GODDAM MOTHERFUCKER!" 

Alex, praying that the people staying in the adjacent room weren't listening, put his hands on Rob's hips and slowly began to move in and out, thrusting as far as he could go, and then pulling out until he felt Rob's anus tighten around his cock-head. It was the most amazing fuck he'd ever experienced. He pushed and pulled on Rob's hips to keep better control. Once he pulled out a little too far and his cock came out of Rob's ass with a loud plop -- like Rob had squeezed him out like toothpaste tube. But it was easier to get back in this time because Rob's sphincter was definitely getting loosened up. Meanwhile, Rob was grinding his hips and moaning for more. He grunted like a stuck pig every time Alex thrust into him. 

Rob suggested changing positions now, and Alex agreed to do whatever Rob wanted. Rob lay on his back and spread his legs up in the air so that Alex could get access from the front. Rob had to raise his legs very high, however, and when Alex got between his legs, Rob put his own legs up on Alex's shoulders. 

In this position Alex and Rob could easily see and watch each other. Rob's thighs were shiny with vaseline and sweat, and his penis lay rigid on his belly. When Rob lifted his knees Alex saw his tight little asshole and the wisps of dark hair plastered around it. Rob's ass gave off a pungent smell. 

Alex was watching Rob's expression as he entered him this time. He lathered some vaseline on the helmet of his penis and aimed it once more at the little brown hole. At the moment of penetration Rob opened his mouth into a large "O" and the intensity of his pleasure and pain was evident in his face. Alex emitted a growl and the two men stared at each other for a moment, silently gazing into each other's eyes. Rob's pupils looked like dark, bottomless pools of desire, and it was at that moment, Alex later thought, that he fell in love. 

Alex began to thrust in and out of Rob's body using more vigorous movements. Rob's ass became the fulcrum on which Alex balanced his weight, and as they moved together Alex had the sensation that he was riding a horse. Rob lifted his ass in response to Alex's thrusts and the coordinated motion of their bodies began to feel like that of a well-oiled machine. 

There was no need to talk now, and there was no to separate feelings of pleasure or pain because the two things were one. It was pure animal sex. To the sound of squeaking bedsprings, Alex repeatedly thrust himself deep inside Rob's body, sliding his organ in and out through the tight anus, and Rob accepted each assault with bliss. He couldn't get enough. His ass cheeks quivered and turned red from the pounding. 

It was Alex who tired first. His breathing grew labored from his exertions but his muscles kept moving like a machine. He felt a tingling in the area between his legs and deep within his body he felt the juices flowing and building up pressure. He knew his orgasm was coming and there came a point when he no longer wanted to delay it; he desperately needed to come. But he didn't want to have an orgasm alone. 

Alex reached down and started pulling on Rob's penis while his own body shuddered and jerked. His hands were slick with vaseline and it was difficult to keep a grip on Rob's erection, but he held on like a cowboy grasping his saddle horn. When the end finally came, Alex thrust his organ deep into Rob's ass one last time and started shooting seed deep into his bowel like bullets from a gun. Then Rob started ejaculating, too. His seed shot into the air like thick white strings and splattered on his chest and stomach, filling the room with the smell of sex. Both of them went rigid as the spasms took control of their bodies. 

Breathless and dripping with sweat, Alex reluctantly pulled his organ out of Rob's ass and collapsed on top of him, pressing his heaving chest to Rob's. Neither of them said anything for a long time. There was no need to talk; words would just take away from the power of what they had experienced. After his breathing returned somewhat to normal, Alex touched Rob's slippery seed and rubbed it into his skin. He smelled it and tasted it on his fingers. Rob smiled and closed his eyes. 

Alex gently used the bed-sheet to wipe Rob's genitals and clean the messy vaseline from his ass. Rob sat up and kissed Alex gratefully on the mouth, and the two men sank back on the mattress together, where they embraced and dozed in each other's arms. 

They dozed for another hour until the telephone rang. 

* * *

(To be continued)