 At times these past five months feel as if it's been five years. At other times it seems as if it's only been five days...

Five months ago, my life changed in a way that I never saw coming. Up until five months ago I was a carefree privileged college student-athlete. When I say privileged, I don't mean that I'm just some white kid in college. I mean, I am white and I am in college. I'm also the second child of a very affluent family in my community.

I was also a highly recruited athlete out of high school, soccer to be exact. I run with the "it" crowd, the "cool kids" and I always sit at the cool kid table. Women? Oh yeah, women, girls, coeds, cougars you name it I've been having my pick of the bunch since middle school.

Looks? Yeah, I look good. I stand 5'6" and weigh 145 maybe 150lbs. Shoulder length, brown wavy hair and green eyes with a very light complexion. During the summer I tan easily to a light bronze color and my hair naturally turns blonde along the tips if I'm out in the sun for extended periods.

Because of the constant running in soccer I have a runner's body and because of the physical play that is necessary in soccer, I have a very solid toned muscular body especially from the waist down. I am short but my legs are well proportioned and up until recently I've come to find out that I have a very nice round...bubble butt? Girlie booty? Something like that.

To say that I've lived a charmed life would be a gross understatement...

Then five months ago it happened. I was caught in a situation of my own doing and because of this I met a man, not just any man. Second Lieutenant Thomas Thibodaux from Baton Rouge, Louisiana. This man came into my life like a storm.

At first, a terrifying violent storm. That first moment I laid eyes on him I didn't know if I wanted to cry, scream, run or just lose total control of my bodily functions.

Then moments later that storm turned into a hard-soothing rain. There was lightning and loud thunder that kept me on edge and kept my heart steady racing.

Thomas took that first encounter and caused me to do things that I never would've imagined me doing. From scaring the life out of me to taking my breath away. From the beginning with that first kiss I was left in awe of this man.

That first encounter on that fateful Friday afternoon terrified me and turned me on like I've never been terrified or turned on before. But it was more than sexual, it was spiritual. That first embrace, that first kiss, the first time he...he, penetrated me.

Thomas didn't fuck me he devoured me. He used his massive 6'6" man frame and all of his 240lbs to envelope me and give me feelings that I had no clue existed inside of me. I had never had a man touch me in any sexual way much less a loving sexual way.

He touched me the way a man touches a woman, his kiss was the kiss of a man passionately kissing a woman. I'm not trying to be insulting or insensitive towards gay men it's just that, this is the only way I know how to best describe those feelings that I was experiencing for the very first time in my life.

That afternoon as Thomas pushed inside of me with that thick cock of his, I didn't just feel pain, I felt ecstasy, a felt a wanton almost perverted lust. This man was taking me and I was more than a willing participant.

The fact that this was my first time wasn't lost on this wonderful man. As I whispered in his ear with a trembling, frightened, soft voice, "I've never done this before."

His response was perfect as he looked into my eyes and with that thick raspy voice he whispered back, "It's ok baby, I have."

And with that Thomas talked me through it, easing my mind and causing the pain of the first time being penetrated to pass quickly. Just like that he was taking me. Small gentle strokes at first allowing the lubrication that he had pushed deep inside of me with his magical fingers to start doing its job.

Once I had relaxed enough to allow him full access, he proceeded to penetrate me as deep as his long thick cock would allow him to reach. It wasn't long before I was whimpering, moaning, groaning...making sounds that I myself have never been able to make a woman make.

Thomas had a hard-gentle way with me that first time causing me to do something that I had no clue could be done. I ejaculated three times throughout that first afternoon session and I never even touched my cock, not once.

Thomas never touched it either. Instead, somehow his cock would hit a spot inside of me that would cause me to lose control. Each time causing me to orgasm. I would orgasm three times before he finally buried himself deep inside of me and filled me with his wonderful seed. As I glanced at the clock on the wall of his bedroom, I suddenly realized that he had fucked me for well over two hours.

That was the beginning, that weekend Thomas had his way with me many times before I finally went home that mid Sunday morning. As I was getting ready to walk out of his apartment, Thomas made sure to bend me over the arm rest of his couch.

One last load of his seed into my freshly showered, clean bottom...

"Something for you to think about on the drive home." Or something like that he said as he kissed me before I walked out the door.

That night and the rest of that week I was a mental mess. What had just happened to me? How could it have happened to me? How the fuck did I let it happen?

Over and over those questions played out in my head but it always came back to him. His touch, his embrace, his kiss, his...cock.

Thomas made me feel scared, safe, vulnerable, empowered, bashful, bold, dirty, sexy, lustful and love...wow. Love...

It wasn't all pleasant. On the second night of that first encounter, Saturday night, Thomas awoke from a deep sleep screaming. He was having a night terror or so I thought. In the five months that I've been with him I now know that what Thomas was having was a very bad PTSD episode.

I have never asked Thomas what he does in the military and he's never offered to tell me. What I do know is that there isn't a muscle in his body that isn't well developed or well defined. This man has a strength that dwarfs anything I've ever seen or experienced.

He also has a body that is severely scarred. His chest, back, legs and arms are covered in short and long scars. Some are thin and some are very thick. Then there's the round blunt scars that after researching the images online I can only assume are bullet wound scars.

On this Saturday night I had no clue about any of this. All I knew was that once again this man terrified me. But a very strange thing happened. Instead of recoiling in fear or making an attempt to run from the room I did the opposite.

I very slowly moved over to him as he sat on the edge of the bed. He wasn't screaming any more in fact he was wide awake. Sitting there covered in sweat, his chest heaving deep heavy breaths. I slowly reached out and placed my hand on his shoulder.

The minute my hand touched him it felt electric. His body twitched and his head turned to look at what it was that was touching him. The look on his face as he looked at my hand, this wasn't Thomas. It was an angry man, a man that did not have any good inside of him. A man that at that moment was filled with evil.

Then as his gaze followed my hand to my arm and the sensation of my body weight causing the bed to move, I got closer to him, his eyes met mine. At that exact moment the man that had seduced me the afternoon before was back. Thomas was back but he was still not himself. I could feel the pain and fear in his eyes as he moved to me.

I could feel his pain, I was hurting for him and I didn't want him to hurt, I couldn't stand to see him in pain. Thomas moved on me with an aggression that terrified me even more. Instead of trying to stop him I surrendered to him. Thomas was going to fuck me and there was nothing that I could say or do to prevent it.

I don't want to say that he raped me because I didn't even try to stop him. But, make no mistake about it, this fuck session I was about to endure had absolutely nothing to do with me...

This would be the third time he would fuck me this weekend so while I was becoming accustomed to his massive cock, I was extremely sore and my opening was very bruised from the stretching it had been enduring up to this point.

Thomas gave no consideration about my situation instead he just took me. Before I knew it, he was inside of me and he was pounding me mercilessly. The event seemed to last forever and honestly, I can't even tell you how long it lasted all I know is that I was being fucked hard and all I cared about was taking it.

I know it seems fucked up but at that moment in my mind what Thomas was doing to me was easing his pain so I didn't care about my pain. With tears streaming down my face all I wanted was for his pain to go away.

Then it was over as I felt that familiar warm liquid flooding my insides. His muscular body flexing and the sounds of his deep grunts every time his cock would vomit its seed deep in me. Then the full weight of his body going limp over mine.

The next day as I showered, my body ached with every twist and turn as I washed off...

We spent the majority of that Sunday morning in bed just talking. Never about the way he had awoken or the way he had brutally fucked me. We talked about me and my school life. We talked about my sister Mary. We laughed when I told him that she had a hard crush on him and how if she found out about us, she would kick my ass.

The end of the weekend was pleasant. As I drove home that morning, squirming about, my bottom aching and extremely sore, I couldn't stop thinking of him.

Three days later I would do something that I was very ashamed of and of course Thomas found out about it. Luckily for me he didn't let his anger get the better of him and he was able to forgive me and we moved past it.

I moved in with Thomas the following weekend. We've been living together as a couple since that day. Because of his military status he can't come out as openly gay even though he is a very proud gay man.

I myself haven't come to grips as to what I am. I am not attracted to other men or so I tell myself. I still turn my head to look when I see a fine good-looking girl walk by. I guess you could say that five months in and I'm still confused or maybe it's denial.

My sister Mary knows because she's my best friend and of course I tell her everything. That is a story all by itself and someday I may share it with you. I told her right before I moved in with Thomas.

My parent's either know or have their suspicions. I say that because I know Mary and sometimes that bitch, I say that lovingly, doesn't know when to keep quiet. But for now, my parents just smile and give me that knowing nod when they ask me how my love life is going or ask when can they meet my girlfriend...

Yeah, I think they know...

Since I moved in with Thomas, I picked up on what he likes and doesn't like for example, as an athlete I regularly shave my ankles because of constant taping. I strained my knee and had to shave my left leg from the knee down because of the daily taping I had to go through. One evening as I lay on the couch, my feet in Thomas's lap, watching TV, I noticed that he loved stroking my freshly shaven smooth leg.

The next day I started shaving my legs from my ass down. I don't need to shave my ass because for one, it's barely peach fuzz and two, Thomas has zero issues pawing my bare ass any chance he gets. I trim my pubes because even though he has never shown any interest in my cock I can't have it looking like a cave man's crotch.

The roles that we seem to have morphed into seem to be fairly traditional for a same sex couple. I have drifted towards the more feminine, softer side and Thomas has assumed the more dominate powerful side. Whatever our roles are they seem to come naturally to us and I am very happy with them.

Now before you get confused, I have no desire to be a woman. I like peeing standing up. I like my cock and balls very much. But I love being a submissive to Thomas's dominant. When I describe myself in female terms it's not because I wish to be one, it's only because I'm new to all of this and it's just easier for me to express myself in those terms.

Now, where was I? Ah yes, in the beginning...

There were some embarrassing moments at first. These moments do happen when one is not experienced or accustomed in the act of anal sex on demand. Then one day I came home to find a book about anal sex and proper hygiene, needless to say there haven't been any embarrassing moments since.

The sex is phenomenal, Thomas is 28yrs old and has the staying power of an 18yr old. Some nights he can cum 3 times before he taps out or makes me tap out. As for me, I'm 20 so I can cum on demand which is usually what happens. Once Thomas starts hitting the sensitive area around my prostrate, I know that he wants me to blow a load and I very happily oblige.

He still has his night terrors but we've moved on from that first Saturday night so many months ago. Now he'll get up and walk out onto the patio just outside our bedroom and sit on his very nice comfortable patio chair, naked. Thomas sleeps naked.

I'll get up wearing only his big "Army" t-shirt, I never wear underwear to bed, go to the bar in his study and pour him a double of his favorite bourbon, Pappy Van something or another.

I'll bring it to him and crawl onto his lap pulling my t-shirt up so that he can hold and sip his bourbon with one hand and gently caress my soft round bare ass with the other hand.

Neither one us says a word as I sink into his broad, muscular chest and lay my head on him. My face buried in his neck. Some of those times I fall asleep in his arms and the next day I wake up in bed to the sight of this big gorgeous man getting dressed for "work" as he calls it.

Sometimes he finishes his drink then takes me by the hand and we go back to bed. Then other times my breathing on his neck and our passion get the better of us and he bends me over the patio table and fucks me until he's had enough then he concentrates on my spot causing me to cum then he dumps whatever load is in him deep inside of me...then we go to bed.

I've always known how to properly care for myself. Proper hygiene and grooming are something that should be basic to all. But as a guy you don't really concentrate on skin care or at least I never did. But the fact that Thomas loves to caress my body it's made me self-conscience of how my skin feels to the touch.

Cue big sister Mary, with her advice and recommendations I've mastered the art of soft, supple skin. My legs, face and ass. Thomas loves complimenting me on how smooth my body feels and I eat that up.

I found out by accident how he likes my hair. I have long, just past my shoulder length hair. It's wavy and light brown or a dirty blonde. He loves it combed a certain way but he loves me in a pony tail, especially when I'm sucking his cock as I'm sure you can imagine why.

I've also figured out that he likes me in sexy underwear. Now before you let your imagination run a way with you, I don't wear women's underwear. For those of out there that do wear women's underwear, good for you. It's just not my thing.

Having said that, men's underwear has come along way since the prehistoric days of the 1900's. It's the 2000's now gang and men's underwear is just as revealing and form fitting as anything that can be purchased by our female counterparts at Victoria Secrets.

Thomas loves me in lace and he loves it when I hang out from my bottoms ever so slightly so...bikini briefs are number one on my list. Followed by form fitting lace shorts, nice and snug fit that barely covers the bottom of my ass and when I really want to drive him crazy, men's lace panties. Unless it's the shorts that I mentioned, never full bottoms and I hate thongs. Thomas is enough as far as having anything up my ass.

When we go to the movies we sit on the very back row in the far corner and if everything is right, I give him a blowjob before the movie starts. If the movie sucks and again if we can get away with it, I maneuver myself between his legs and lower my bottoms just enough to allow him to slip his cock in me. Much like a stripper doing a lap dance, I fuck him until he cums then we gather ourselves and leave.

But like everything in life all is not perfect...

It's been five months and even though he's met some of my friends and teammates he has never introduced me to anyone that he "works" with or anyone that he knows so that bugs me. Some nights he tells me that he's going out with his team or he's meeting colleagues for a drink and he'll be home late.

At first, I would go out with my friends but for the past few months every time that happens, I just sit at home. Waiting for him...

It's been a crazy five months but I'm starting to notice some subtle changes in my thoughts and my behavior. Plus, it's not just me, people around me are starting to change in how they interact with me.

Some people that have never given me the time of day are suddenly going out of their way to talk to me. Mostly men and at times these encounters scare me, other times they excite me.

When you're a student-athlete at a major university you develop a unique communication system. A student trainer who knows of my hidden self recently relayed to me that a certain star athlete from a different sport was asking about me, privately.

When I was informed of this I won't lie. The entire thing intrigued me and to some extent, excited me. But then I flashback to the very first days of giving myself to Thomas and the mess I almost stepped in and it brings me back to sanity.

That first week with Thomas, in the haze of my confusion I allowed a teammate of mine to use me. To be blunt, I let my teammate of 3yrs fuck me. This was the only time I ever even considered allowing myself to be taken like this by anyone other than Thomas. Since then I've been very faithful, very heterosexual in the public eye...very subservient to my man in private.

But as I sit here reminiscing about it all one thing is certain, time changes everything...

I hated these gatherings with my parents. My parents can't have normal get togethers with friends and family. All of their events are always scripted and there is always a deeper intention to them than just a group of people coming together to swim and cook dead carcasses for the pleasure of innocently enjoying the company of others...

As I arrived at my parents house it was like any other time with the exception that my parents were having an early summer cook out for some of the colleagues that my father works for. Of course, if my father is having his colleagues over my mother and sister are having some there's as well.

With colleagues come spouses and with spouses comes children of all ages and sizes. So, picture this, a huge back yard and right smack dab in the middle of it a huge customized pool. A pool with all the bells and whistles. We're talking slides, shallow end, deep end, a grotto and of course a fully functioning pool side bar, as if the children need a drink.

Now let's add to the head count by including the staff. There's the parking staff, the cooking staff, the serving staff, the wait staff and security. When my parents through a cookout it's not YouTube music on some oversized Bluetooth speaker. We're not serving burgers and potato salad. Oh no, no, no...it's a show.

Making my way through the crowd to reach my parents was an expedition all by itself on this overcrowded day. Finally, reaching my mother and giving her the obligatory kiss on the cheek then reaching my father to give him his dad handshake and hug. Both instances to give the obligatory small talk and smile before excusing myself and moving on.
