 How is it possible...to totally and completely fuck things up in a blink of an eye? You read about people that have it made and with all the advantages. People with money, intelligence, looks, privilege, they have it all! But for some fucked up reason they have this unique talent of completely fucking themselves out of a perfect situation.

Welcome to my world...

From the time I met Thomas I was in love. I didn't know this it at the time but looking back at it now it's clear to me that I was deeply, madly in love. The problem is that I never would've thought it possible for me to ever be in love with anyone much less a man. You see I've always lived my life being careful, not allowing myself to get attached to any one girl, woman, cougar, whatever.

Little did I know that it wasn't a female that I needed to watch out for. No, no...what I needed to watch out for stood 6'6" and weighed about 240 lbs of nothing but pure rock-hard muscle. A face and way about him that could melt a room with his presence. Handsome, confident, strong...very strong and all man. When I met Thomas on that fateful weekend it changed my life.

You see I had never, ever been with a man before. Not that there's anything wrong with being with a man it's just that this is something that had never crossed my mind. Yet on that fateful, late, Friday afternoon I found myself doing things that I never would've thought of, much less actually do. Afterwards I was in awe.

I spent that marvelous weekend with him and a whole week later, I moved into his apartment. We became best friends, lovers, soulmates. Those glorious first months of getting to know each other were like nothing I'd ever felt before in my life. Talking with him was a natural thing for me. It felt right, it felt perfect. And the sex. Oh my god the sex. After the first couple of weeks of getting used to each other we became like an experienced dance couple.

Knowing when to move and in what direction to move. Knowing what the other liked, loved, desired. From the very beginning Thomas could make do things physically that I never knew were possible. Who knew that if your prostrate is massaged just right it can cause you to have an ejaculation that feels like that very first one when you were young and discovering yourself. The difference being that you didn't even have to touch yourself.

Thomas loved taking me in the missionary position. I would spread my legs wide and pull my knees all the way back until they were touching the mattress. Then he would take me nice and slow. I would instantly put my toes on his hips and push down as I would roll my hips up and forward to match his slow downward and forward push.

When he would start to increase his speed I would let my knees drop back against the mattress so that he could have the freedom to slam me as hard as he wanted while I wrapped my arms around his neck to hold on for dear life as I lost control of the sounds coming from deep down in my throat.

It would be in these moments that I would first feel his thick cock sliding against my prostrate and massaging it...oh so good. Being much more experienced than me he would turn his hips ever so slightly until he found the perfect angle to hit my spot and at that point I would lose control and just shoot my cum all over both of our stomachs as he lay on top of me, fucking me.

But my favorite was when he would just lay on top of me, perfectly still. His cock buried deep inside of me, my legs spread wide and pulled back. His arms locked under mine holding on to me by shoulders, my face buried into his neck, his breathing deep and heavy. Thomas would flex his cock.

I could feel his thick shaft slightly expand inside of me as if he was cumming but I knew he wasn't because there was no warm sensation of his thick seed drooling out of his cock. He would do this for minutes at a time. Flexing and relaxing, flexing and relaxing that...thing. Then he would turn and kiss me. Soft loving kisses.

The sensation of his tongue exploring my mouth, his cock flexing inside of me, his lower stomach pressing down, trapping my balls against him. My limp cock drooling out massive amounts of pre-cum on both of our stomachs...until he would finally begin to fuck me, again, slowly.

As I write this I can stop, close my eyes and still feel how the skin of my balls would stick to his skin, the area just above his crotch. Our body sweat like a sticky adhesive. As he lifts up, the skin of my ball sack lifts up, sticking to him, before slowly peeling off of him then sticking back to him as he lowers himself back down on top of me.

Calling the entire experience intense wouldn't do it justice...

When we would finally finish, both of us drained, he would take me in his massive arms and spoon me. Wrapping those huge arms around me, keeping me safe. I would push my nice, firm round ass back against his huge spent cock. I love how it feels going soft against my ass. Immediately I clench my man pussy so as not to leak his seed on his wonderful crotch.

That was my life for all these past glorious nights...

Every morning I would awaken to the sound of Thomas in the shower and me laying right in the middle of a wet spot. I can still here his smart ass responding to my stupid question, "Babe why do I always wake up in the wet spot?"

With a perfectly straight face as he's shaving, "Once I put it inside of you precious, it's all yours." 

Remembering that, always makes me smile...what a dork.

Joining Thomas in the shower was always a treat. I loved washing that big body down. Stepping in behind him he would immediately start talking about the day. Asking me about school, about off season training, how the team would look once the season started. Asking me about my grades and every fucking thing else he could think of, his military mind was exhausting.

I would answer each question like it was the first time he'd ever asked it. Making sure to put in the information that had just happened the day before. He would take it all in and remember it from day to day. I would grab the body wash and start lathering the wash cloth and start my daily ritual.

Lathering his back, I would have to get up on my toes and him bend down a bit to get his shoulders. A routine that we had down pat. I would wash his legs, his huge legs. His thighs are bigger than my waist. Then I would finish with that wonderfully, wonderful nice firm ass before he would turn around.

Oh, but when he turned around. Yes, when he turned around. I never knew what Thomas did in the military but whatever he did he had to be in peak physical condition. I knew that it was dangerous judging from all the scars on his gorgeous body. When Thomas turned around it was as if there was a statue of a Greek god right in front of me.

Again, I would have to get on my tip toes just to start on his shoulders then slowly make my way across his chest. Oh, that chest...mmm. Then down to his rock-hard abs and finally, finally his beautiful, beautiful cock. I love how his cock feels in my hand. I love it so much that whenever the moment presents itself, I hold it for him...while he pee's. True story...

Depending on his schedule and how many times he's fucked me the night before, I'm might get rewarded... 

I'm allowed to suck his cock before he steps out of the shower.

Thomas is well over 9" long maybe even 10" and girth? I can't even close my hand around that shaft. I'll stop here but yes on some mornings I'm rewarded by being allowed to suck his cock until he fills my mouth with his thick, rich, gooey cum.

After that he dries himself off and I quickly gather myself putting on a nice pair of panties, a pair of panties that I know Thomas will appreciate and his Army t-shirt that I slept in every night. And no, I don't wear women's panties, they're designed for men and Thomas buys them for me online and I love it. 

His Army t-shirt, wow. It never dawned on me what that shirt meant to Thomas. In the coming days I would find out a story about that t-shirt and how much meaning it carries. Looking back now it makes me want to cry but that shirt was just one of many secrets that Thomas kept from me.

But enough of that, not now, not today. Today I just want to remember making my way to his kitchen, calling out to him big or small? His answer would tell me what I had to do next. Small meant coffee, toast or bagel. Large meant eggs, bacon, toast and coffee. No matter what, always Coffee.

That's how I had been starting my day for the past 5 or is it 6 months now? Who the fuck knows...?

"David. David...C'mon it's time." Looking up the resemblance was uncanny. Thomas's mother, Vivian Thibodaux, Thomas looked like his mother I thought to myself. "Remember I'll be back for you in a couple of hours or call me if you need me to come back sooner."

I hated hospitals, I've always hated them and this one especially. I never knew how many rules and regulations existed until I started coming to this Naval base hospital. Hell, I always thought that Thomas was in the Army but no...he was Navy.

A Navy SEAL...

I'll repeat myself, I never knew what Thomas did when he went to work, he kept that from me. That's how he would say it. He would lean into me, kiss me, palm my ass, pull back and wink. "I'll see you after work babe, love the bottoms."

He would flash that gorgeous smile and head out the door...

In the last 24 hours I've come to know what it is that he does, at work. The level of how much of a low life piece of shit that I feel like right now, is immeasurable.

Homosexuality is frowned upon in the military especially with this new administration. I was a family friend that was allowed to visit whenever his mother would come in. Vivian had worked it out that she would be there in the morning then I would arrive around two in the afternoon.

Honestly, I have no idea how she managed to get me on base and with Thomas being who he is, how they would leave me alone with him knowing that we weren't blood related, It blew my mind.

The plan was for me to sit with Thomas and keep him company. I was encouraged to sit close and talk to him. Talk to him? I don't even know where to begin with that.

Vivian was to return after a couple of hours and then I'd give her some time alone with Thomas before leaving for the night. Vivian would stay at Thomas's apartment and me? I moved back into my parents' house.

When the news came to me that Thomas was in intensive care on base and that he might die I was and still am devastated.

Apparently, Thomas's squad or team or whatever the fuck you call them!! I'm sorry...I would like to make it through one day without losing my shit or crying or both. Just one fucking day...

His team had been captured and because of Thomas they all made it out alive. Thomas on the other hand had suffered multiple gunshot wounds from large caliber weapons. Large caliber weapons...what does that even fucking mean?!?

He survived the surgery but because they had to induce him into a coma, he had a reaction to the medication.

Now he's stuck, he lays there in that bed trapped inside himself. The mission injured him but the medication that was used to save his life might kill him. Fuck me, oh yeah and what was I doing while he was fighting for his life and the lives of his team? 

I was being the most worthless piece of shit boyfriend that ever lived. At least that's how I see myself now...

When Thomas took me that first weekend long ago, it seems like long ago, I was a bit on the confused side and I didn't know how to handle my recently discovered sexuality. Yeah let's go with that, I didn't know how to handle my new fag self.

I really do hate myself...

After that weekend, three days later my teammate on the soccer team had his way with me. Yeah, he fucked me. Right in the dressing room after everyone had left or so I thought. I don't know why I let it happen but it did and that's that. I would tell Thomas about it; he had already found out on his own. What the fuck else would I do at that point.

Thomas and I had a heart to heart out on some lonely spot outside of town and all was forgiven...

All was well with the world after that but as the months went on I felt like Thomas was keeping me out of a big part of his life. Every time he had to meet "the guys" go have a drink with "the guys" go to an event with "the guys" he would leave me on my own.

At first it was no big deal because I would go hang out with my friends, my peeps. But it started gnawing at me. My mind wouldn't let it go. Why couldn't I meet his guys? I made a point of introducing him to some of my friends. I even invited him to a couple of social functions at my parent's house and at the university. He never went but the point is I tried to include him.

I wanted to come out to my friends and family, let them know that I was with Thomas, but he wouldn't allow it. Still, why couldn't I hang out with his peeps?

Then on this last trip that he was going on he started acting weird. He made sure that I knew who his mother was by showing me pictures of her, her name, Vivian. He was being fidgety and not himself. And oh my god he was going out to meet his guys every fucking night!

When he finally left for this last mission, I barely kissed him goodbye. I didn't even let him fuck me the night before. I shit you not, I literally told him that I had a headache. A headache!

I'm such a vag...I was angry at him because I felt that he was locking me out of his life. As I type this, I find it necessary to reach down and make sure that I do, in fact, have a penis.

Thomas had been gone a week when I did it again. Not only did I let someone fuck me, I let an old family friend fuck me. At least my teammate looks good and has a nice cock but this guy is a complete troll. Hairy with a big belly and a cock barely bigger than mine but hey it was nice and thick. Like that fucking matters. I was being a complete fucking idiot.

Another week went by and no word from Thomas. He was supposed to be gone only a week and now it was two. I had enough, I needed to get out and do something and right on cue something popped up. I was invited to a school event by a very popular athlete at my university.

I thought, scratch that. I was led to believe that it was all a coincidence. That this person truly admired me and my athletic skills but I would come to find out that I was wrong. Lalo and his little gang of misfits had a plan for me.

That weekend I wanted to be a college kid again. I wanted to be in an environment that I was comfortable in and I wanted to enjoy a new side of myself that I hadn't really allowed myself to explore.

Not twenty minutes after entering his apartment, Lalo was fucking me, fucking me well. Afterwards we laid in bed for a whole minute and then I agreed to go to the big athletic recruiting event on campus. First, I had to go upstairs to grab a quick shower and change into some fresh clothes, fresh panties.

All these months of living with Thomas in his apartment building and Lalo was living one floor down, who knew. I accompanied him to the recruiting event that was happening on campus. Which, was the real reason that Lalo wanted to meet me.

The fuck was just an audition...

All went well during the event; I had a blast being the bad ass soon to be senior soccer player. Hanging out with friends, teammates and the girls. The girls, they made me laugh. Watching them interact with all the recruits and athletes I enjoyed watching them play their games but inside I was wishing I could play those games myself.

When it was over, afterwards, Lalo invited me to a friend's house. Someone that he knew or so he said. I thought, sure why not? I happily accepted. When I get to his friend's house, I thought I was early because it was only him and two other guys looking lonely and sad on the couch.

After about a half hour or so someone else comes in. That's when my heart fell through the floor. In walks Larry Ruiz, the teammate that I allowed to fuck me and Sammy. Sammy had seen Larry fuck me and he was also the one that set me up with Lalo.

I did not feel good about this. As they walked into the room, they started to shake each other's hands and high fiving each other. "Glad you could finally make it boy!" Lalo calling out to Larry as he took his hand and pulled him in for his chest bump.

"I see you brought your new bitch with you." His new bitch? Lalo was calling Sammy, Larry's new bitch?

"You know it boy! I told you, didn't I?" Larry's words as he spoke to Lalo while he looked right at me with a knowing smile.

"Oh bet, this bitch is fine! Baby-gurl had on some sweet tight panties and errything!" Lalo agreeing with Larry and then some. My face was turning red. I was blushing hard. But I loved it and I didn't know how to deal with that.

"Come over here baby-gurl. C'mon don't get shy on me now." Lalo calling out to me, I froze. Number one what the fuck? Number two who were these other two ass clowns in the room?

"Hey!" Lalo's raised voice startled me, triggering something inside of me. I made my way to him, taking his hand in mine and just like that he had me pulled into him with his arm around me and his hand on the top of my ass.

"Go get them something to drink and tell them to choose. Go on and don't fuck this up." Larry's instructions to Sammy were exact and Sammy headed over to the couch to do as he was told.

I watched Sammy making small talk then going into the kitchen for a couple of drinks, I watched him while Lalo and Larry started putting their plan in motion. "What do you think? Who do you think gets who?" Larry would ask Lalo.

"I don't know man but whoever gets my fine gurl here is gonna fall in love. Ain't that right baby-gurl." Lalo's hand rubbing and squeezing my ass as he asked me the question. "Hey c'mon shorty don't get all tight on me."

Hearing Lalo talk to me the way he was talking and calling me baby-gurl and shorty started something. I started morphing into a bottom, a sub...I was becoming feminine with my mannerisms and behavior. When it happens, I don't even notice it and I can't stop it.

Don't misunderstand me, I don't become a flaming fag. My voice remains the same and I'm all man but I'm petite. I'm barley 5'6" and maybe 145 in weight. I have shoulder length sandy brown hair that I take very good care of and my workouts are precise. 

Thomas is also my trainer or was...I concentrate on certain exercises that keep my legs toned and my ass round and tight. The only hair on my body is on my head and if I have my back to you there's no way that you can tell that I'm not some hot bitch, never mind, I am a hot bitch.

Here I was on the arm of probably the most popular athlete on campus with his hand on my ass and he was talking to me like I was his prized possession. Who are we kidding I am prized position.

Without thinking I let myself sink into Lalo and I placed my head on his shoulder. "What are you two fucking up too?" I asked in a soft voice, lowering my head trying to hide my face.

"That's my gurl." Lalo said as he kissed my forehead. 

Those two guys are Mack Lowry and Tyrod Williams." Larry said their name and I couldn't help to wonder, so? "C'mon David. Ok so Mack is a five-star quarterback and Tyrod is a bona fide one and done baller."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "High school kids? You have two high school kids here? How old are they Larry?!" I huffed trying not to upset Lalo.

"Shhh... lower your voice." Both Larry and Lalo were trying hard not to laugh. "They're 18 and 19. I know this because when you do these recruiting visits you have to provide ID. So that the school knows what you can and can't do with them once they get on campus and yes, I had Sammy show me, so chill the fuck out!" After Larry's explanation I started to calm down but still. I was wondering to myself why were they here...here.
