 So far, I've gone through life without a care or at least that's how it's been for the first 20yrs of my life. For me, shit that others have to stress themselves over, I've blown right past with ease. It's just the way it is, the way it's always been. Being a privileged young man with well-to-do parents, life can be pretty sweet. But just like everything else, it doesn't matter how sweet things are. Seems that you're always going to finds something to bitch about.

Unfortunately, most of the time whatever you find to bitch about usually lands you in worse shit than what you were originally bitching about to begin with. I know, it can all get a bit confusing. That's how I got to the place that I'm at today. Instead of being grateful for my lot in life, I put myself in a crazy confusing place.

I'm the second oldest of four siblings. Our parents may not be in the top 1% club but trust me, they aren't that far back. My father is a tenured physics professor at a university that shall remain nameless, the same university that I attend. Now, the old man does well for himself but my mother, the one with all the money, owns her own real estate agency. So, saying that things for myself and my siblings come fairly easy is a gross understatement.

My older sister works right along side my mother. Right out of college with a degree in financing she got her real estate license and between the two of them they carry some pretty hefty bank accounts.

Now don't get me wrong, our parents do make us work. But it's usually doing bullshit jobs that in their minds, are designed to humble us and to supposedly teach us the value of hard work. But come on, really? 

The summer before my senior year of high school my old man sets me up with a job on his buddy's horse ranch. My job was to ride horses all summer. To this day I still don't know what the purpose of riding those horses was for. To make sure that they were exercised? Who knows?

Now I'm sure there's a technical term for that job but I don't know it. All I know is that all summer I would arrive at the stables, get on the horse that I was assigned to for the day, then I would ride around the ranch for a few hours. Whenever I got bored, I'd swim at the lake while the horse grazed. Such a hard-humbling job. Did I forget to mention the part about banging the guys daughter? Yeah...there was that perk too.

The real reason for the job was so that I could pay for the full year of insurance on the car that my parents had bought me for my senior year. So, as you can imagine I've had a hard life. Now I know what some of you are thinking and fuck you, it's hard living my life. Ok, maybe it's not.

My current humbling job is working for my older sister. She owns an upscale apartment complex with some fairly upscale tenants. Upscale in that they can afford the crazy rent she charges them and they still have the money for all the extras. One of the extras she offers is a cleaning/errand service and that's where I come in. A struggling college student, I'm not really struggling but you get the idea.

I have three apartments that I'm assigned and from 8am till noon I'm a maid. Imagine, me, a guy that stands 5'6" all of 145lbs, shoulder length hair and a well-toned body, a maid. Yes sir, if I want to keep driving my nice little Mustang Cobra around, this is my penance for being in position of privilege.

Honestly, I don't care. It keeps my parents off of my ass and I get way more than a hot car for keeping them happy. Plus, my sister is cool as fuck, she's been my best friend all of my life so the three units I do are super easy and they tip well.

One unit in particular belongs to a military guy. I never see him and his errands always intrigue me. In fact, I can't wait to get my own place because this guy inspires me. His unit is decked out with all the bells and whistles of what I imagine my place will be once I get out of the hell hole that I'm currently living in. My parents' house.

I embellish, the struggle is real, mostly in my mind but real nonetheless. I love my parents and my siblings but damn they get on my nerves. The siblings are in their teens and in high school and they are the opposite of Mary and I, my older sister. 

They can't stand each other and the fight is never ending. My parents are getting older and sometimes they scream, "what!" multiple times before the other understands what the other is saying. It's like, fucking hell! Get a hearing aid already!

Any time that I can get away from home is golden and that's what put me in my predicament. Remember what I said earlier? About bitching then winding up in worse place...I don't know if it's a worse place yet but what happened next fucked me up, literally. It has me questioning my entire existence, I mean who the fuck am I?

The real reason I love the military guys place is because he goes away for weeks at a time. So, when I want to get away from the house I go there. If I want to bang a chick, I go there. Homework, reading, ball game on the badass TV. I go there. 

I have the keys to the place and my sister always knows when he's going to be gone and for how long. Honestly, I think that she's hot for the guy but according to her he's either playing hard to get or the military doesn't give him enough down time. What the fuck ever, I could care less as long as I can run away to his apartment from time to time.

Finals had just ended and GI Joe wasn't coming back Monday. It was the Friday before. I decided that I needed some alone time so I wouldn't be taking my flavor of the month with me. I love my girls but I can't seem to find the one that I want to see every day much less month after month. Know what I mean?

I checked with Mary to be sure that her toy soldier wasn't coming back early. "Look you little fucker if you get caught, you're fired! I will fire you, don't think I won't." Mary's threats were always hollow because she loved me and would never follow through. Not with me, her favorite little brother.

"Calm down, I won't mess up your boy's place. You know I always leave it spotless so stop. C'mon has ever said anything to you??" Mary just stared at me as I started with the little brother smile and con-job.

"Just make sure you don't leave any evidence, you little jerk." With her parting words I just smiled and went on my way.

Walking into the apartment I could feel the tension leaving my body. I slipped my shoes off and I put the pizza down on the table. I made my way to the fridge to put my beer away...

I had no reason to suspect anything was wrong, none whatsoever. Then as I was putting the beer in the fridge I froze. Bent over with my head in another man's fridge it suddenly felt like someone was watching me. Something was wrong, something was off.

"Who the fuck are you? And why are you in my fridge?" The sound of that voice almost made me shit myself right on the spot. A strong, deep voice booming from across the living room, I slowly started to stand up. "Slow kid, take it real slow." I wasn't about to make any sudden movements. I did just as I was told.

"Turn around kid." Hearing that voice again I made sure to move really slow. I started turning around and I wanted to cry. Whatever manhood I had went right out the fucking door without me. I wanted to cry like a little bitch.

In front of me was this big guy and I don't mean fat. I mean big, well over six feet, dripping wet and wearing only a towel around his waist. Oh, and did I mention he was pointing a pistol at me? Yeah, there was that.

He tilted his head to the side and he could see that the only thing in my hand was a six pack of beer, "Kid, who are you and why are you stealing my beer?" I was still frozen but somehow managed to speak.

"My name is David and I'm the guy that takes care of your errands and your apartment, sir." I was scared shitless; I can say that in all honesty. How can I say that? Because I know for a fact that if I had any shit inside of me, it would've been running down the side of my leg right about that moment.

"How old are you?" Fuck me, more questions I thought to myself. This behemoth has a pistol pointed at me and he wants to know my age?

"20 sir, I'm 20 and I'm so sorry that I'm in your home."

Instantly, just like that I became a blabbering idiot. I went off on a tangent explaining who I was, who my sister was, why I was in his apartment and begging him to, "please, please, for the love of god, please don't shoot my dumb ass."

'Holy fuck kid, shut the fuck up already or I will shoot you," With those words and with one fluid motion he pulls the gun to him while at the same time pulling back on the slide, ejecting the bullet in the chamber.

I watched in awe as the bullet popped out and was amazed at the ease in which he snagged the it out of the air while releasing the magazine from his weapon and then catching the magazine as it dropped. He caught both. With the same fucking hand. The only thing I could think to myself at that moment was, fuck me, I'm about to be killed by a ninja.

Then just like that he turns and walks into his room. "Don't just stand there with your thumb up your ass kid, bring me a beer." His words broke my trance and without hesitation I put the six pack on the counter pulling out a single beer and made my way after him.

I was not prepared for what I was to see next. As I turned the corner and went into his room there stood a man with a body that sculptures are made of. The kind of body that I most certainly have never, ever seen before in my life.

Not that I go around checking out guys, much less naked guys. I mean I have been in my share of locker room showers after gym class and I've seen my share of naked guys. But I've never really looked at naked guys. Right at that moment I was looking. In front of me was a giant of a man with his back to me. The towel no longer around his waist but over his head as he dried off.

His body was toned and defined. Every muscle starting with his calves, up to his hamstring muscles, up to his ass. I swear to you, he had an ass that looked like it could break your fist if you punched it. Nothing was small, nothing.

All of that but what I started to fixate on was the scars on him, so many scars. Then without warning her turns around and fuck me, no don't fuck me. You know what I mean! 

I still don't understand it. Why I did, what I did next, to this day...I don't know why I did it...I gasped.

Like a high school girl watching a movie where the main character takes off his shirt revealing his chiseled chest. Except I wasn't a high school girl and this was no movie. I didn't gasp at the sight of his chest, which, on its own was beyond impressive.

No, what had taken my breath away was between his legs. This man's cock...I mean to tell you; his cock was like no other cock I had ever seen before. Not that I make it a habit of looking at cocks. Stop! I know what you're thinking and I swear to you that until that moment, I had never really looked at a guy's cock. Not really, really looked.

"You have an ID kid?" His voice broke my stare and I looked up.

"Yes sir." I replied as I immediately started reaching in my back pocket and pulling out my wallet. 

I was in daze at that point because a voice in my head was screaming at me to get the fuck out of there but my body wasn't listening and I just kept walking towards him. I pulled out my ID and handed it to him.

"So, you're the cleaning lady huh? I'll be damned all this time I thought you were a woman." As soon as he said those words, I could feel my face turning red, I knew I was blushing, hard.

"Yes sir, I'm the cleaning guy." Standing next to him I had to look up to look into his eyes as I spoke.

"Nah, that's not what I said. Try again." He shot back; he wasn't going to let it go.

"Yes sir, I'm the cleaning..." I hesitated. I looked down at the floor and instantly I felt his hand on my chin lifting my face up.

Again, he asked, "I didn't catch that, what did you say?" This is a big guy and I didn't want to piss him off. Not any more than I already had.

"Yes sir, I'm your cleaning lady." Instantly a big smile came across his face and for some strange reason I actually felt better with that smile or at the very least I felt like I wasn't going to die.

Then I started moving my gaze from his face to that massive chest which at my height I was eye level with it. The definition and muscle tone, it was amazing. But the scars. I couldn't take my eyes off of the scars. Some were longer than others, some were wider than others but with all that muscle I was just in awe of all of it.

Think of a dog that's been beaten to many times. Now, think of that same dog as his master reaches out to pet him. The dog always jumps. That was me. I almost jumped out of my skin when he lifted his arm. "Whoa, easy kid, easy."

The sound of his voice and the feel of the palm of his hand brushing across my face as he slid my hair back behind my ear. I looked up as he gently pulled my hair from the back of my head causing me to tilt my face upwards.

Before I could process what was happening this...man. This man was lowering his face to mine. What was he doing? What was I doing? What the fuc...before I could finish that last thought his mouth was on mine.

My mind instantly went blank. I had lost all sense of reality. I'm not a gay man nor am I some sort of scared, twisted homophobe. A few of my friends are gay and it's not like we are back in the dark ages. But...still...this...

My eyes closed and the fullness of his lips on mine was overwhelming. As he pushed his tongue into my mouth, I welcomed it with mine. Swirling them together. My reaction was becoming more and more passionate the longer the kiss went on. Then just as quickly as the kiss began, it was over.

As he pulled back, I was left like the female characters in the old western movies that my father loves to watch. You know the ones. Where the big cowboy steps up to kiss the woman. First, he slides his arm behind the woman's waist.

The lady, always seemingly caught off guard, grabs on to the cowboy's biceps as she gazes up longingly. The hero drops his mouth on hers and kisses her passionately. Then just as fast as the kiss begins, it ends.

The hero releases the kiss and pulls back holding on to her, arm behind her waist, making sure that the power of his kiss doesn't knock her over. The stunned heroines' arms drop to her side as her face remains tilted up at her cowboy's downward gaze, frozen for that one moment in time...that was me.

Except I didn't let go of those big biceps. Never in my life had I been overwhelmed with such emotion. It was slamming me from all directions. But reality always has a way of bringing you back from the edge. 

"You interrupted my shower so I'm going to go finish that. Why don't you go put that beer away?" He started to walk off then he stopped himself taking my hand in his. I was amazed at how his hand dwarfed mine.

"Look," he continued. "If you're still here when I get out, we'll see where this takes us. If you're not here, well, tell your sister that you don't want to clean my apartment anymore and that's that." With that he released my hand and walked towards the bathroom, to his shower.

I was in awe. No, not at the sight of that body. I was in awe of that kiss and how this man had gone from one extreme to the other.

He had gone from, I'm going to end you right here and now! To suddenly the softest most gentle person I had ever met. Again, my emotions and sensations were off the charts. As I heard the water come back on in the shower, I was still frozen.

"What the fuck is wrong with you? What the fuck is wrong with you? Get the fuck out of here!" I was badgering myself in a low whisper as I started to pace back and forth. 

Then I stopped pacing and started walking slowly but my legs weren't taking me in the direction of the bedroom door to leave. No, I was walking towards the bathroom and the sound of the running water.

As I stepped through the bathroom door the soldier was there, holding himself up with fists against the shower wall. He was hunched down allowing the water to cascade down the back of his neck, motionless. I started walking towards him slowly. His body never changed position as he turned his head. Opening his eyes, watching me.

I wasn't thinking, I don't know what I was doing except taking off my socks as I kept moving towards him. He just kept staring at me, watching as my socks came off. I lifted my shirt over my head, dropping it on the floor. Then as I took a deep breathe, I slid my jeans and boxers down, stepping out of them as I finally reached the open shower.

The feeling of being naked in front of him was intoxicating. His unit had an open shower design so there was no shower curtain or sliding glass door to push back. The hot water hit me as I stepped in between him and the shower wall. 

Between those huge arms. The soldier moved back, letting me in then pinning my back against the shower wall with his body. Instantly his body covered me from the hot water then his mouth was on mine again. 

This time I wasn't going anywhere. Wherever "this" was going to take me or whatever "this" was, I was all in now.

I keep using the same word only because I can't think of a better description. I was truly overwhelmed as I felt him pull me into him. Dwarfing me as his hands wrapped around my back and waist then down cupping my ass. I felt like the kiss was never going to end and my passion had now disarmed any doubt in me as to what I was doing.

As he pulled back, he lifted me up with one arm and cradled my naked body with one hand under my ass as I instinctively wrapped my legs around his waist.

As he turned off the water, he slid his other hand behind my back and his mouth was on me again. He carried me back to his bed and he cleared his bags off his bed. I clung to him with my legs still locked around his waist. My arms around the back of his neck. I had moved from kissing his mouth to kissing his chin, his throat and his shoulders. 

Who the fuck was I?

I was so filled with lust by my passion in that moment that I hadn't noticed the big cock that was pressing against me. But as he stood up, leaving me on the bed writhing like an addict in need of a fix, I caught a good look at it again. He was reaching inside his nightstand for lubricant. Suddenly my lust turned to fear. As he positioned himself between my legs pushing them apart, I was frozen again.

Again, my brain was screaming at me to get the fuck out of there and again my body ignored it. As he positioned himself on his knees up against me, my legs were now spread wide hanging over his thighs. My heels now resting on the back of his hips. 

I could feel his huge balls against me as I lifted my head up and watched him slather his cock with lube. When he doled out a big glob onto his three huge fingers my eyes got wide.

"Don't be scared," he said in a soft, low voice.

"I-I-I've never done this," my voice trembling as I whispered.

He just smiled a gentle smile. "Good, but don't worry because I have." 

Having said that, his large body leaned forward and his mouth was on me again. His fingers made their way to my virgin hole. I started to lose myself with his kiss again as I felt his fingers on my opening. Then with one steady, firm push I felt one finger slip inside of me.

As he kissed me and massaged my opening with his finger, another slid in, then the third. I was losing my mind. I could feel the pre-cum oozing from the tip of my cock and my breathing becoming soft moans. He was finger fucking me ever so slowly ever so gently. I was in bliss.

Then just like that his fingers were out of me. He had pushed that big glob of lubricant deep inside me with those big fingers of his and at that point I was well lubed. 
