 PART 2

It had been about 4 months since the events at Jay’s house. I hadn't heard from Jay at all in those months, and started to forget about the whole events. I started to feel more at ease with myself, but didn't plan on playing for the team again. 

Over the summer I’d managed to get myself a job waiting tables at a local diner, and was making a reasonable amount of money, saving away before I went away to university. Whilst working I’d met a guy from the team (in to pick up his lunch), whom informed that Jay was no longer in the team and had left for a new job in another country. Upon hearing this news I was a bit taken aback, but no one had mentioned the video and I didn’t seem to receive any funny looks from people, so I guess that was it. I was safe. It was fair to say the summer had been good to me. 

It was now winter though, and life started to become monotonous: working the 9-5, going home and not having many friends to hang with. I’d also picked up a bit of a habit, not one I was too keen to tell people about, I liked to have the occasional joint. That had all started shortly after getting the job, when a work friend introduced me to his dealer, suffice to say I had enjoyed it and had been having a joint on average once a month. I picked my phone up and dialled my dealer. 

“Hey, I need to buy some weed” I said
“dude, I’m out of town for a while, but I’ll give you the number of my mate he’ll sell you some” replied my dealer. 

I called the new dealer, being a bit introvert I was naturally scared but I wanted weed and that took over. 

“Hey, I’m looking to buy some weed my dealer Steve told me you could sort me out?”

“Yeah boy, I can hook you up, come pick some up, ill text you my address”

To my horror I recognised my new dealer’s accent as Jamal! I don’t think he knew about what had happened, more over I really hoped, now more than ever, that Jay had kept his word. The text came through, I thought about not going, but I really wanted the weed I was craving! So I put a jacket on and left for the address which wasn't so far away from me, a 10 minute walk at most. 

Whilst walking there, I remembered all the time Jamal had smacked my ass and pinched it, which made me feel a bit uneasy, but yet I ventured on. I reached his big wooden door and rang the ball hoping it would be a quick deal. Jamal’s answered the door with a look of surprise.

“Shit Luke, I didn’t know you liked pot! How you been bitch, haven’t seen you in a while!” 

My heart sunk, he’d called me that again! I tried to be blunt with him, get my weed quick and go.

“Yeah been a while, so how much do you want £10?”

“Come in man, come in, I’ll find the weed we can have a drink and catch up” said Jamal who seemed friendly enough, but had a devious feel about him

“nah, I’ve really got to get going” I tried to say dismissively. 

“Nonsense, come on in” 

Jamal ushered me in. I took a deep breath in and walked into his home. He led me upstairs to his bedroom where his weed was kept. Once in his bedroom, Jamal started to rummage through his wardrobe pulling out an old shoebox, filled with weed. 

“Eh, bitch, last time I saw you was end of the season, you not playing for us anymore?”

I started to feel relieved, he didn’t know about Jay and me, this was to be premature though as Jamal interrupted my brief moment of solace. 

“Naw, I lie! I have seen you since! Yeah look at this”

Jamal fished his phone out of his pocket. My heart began to beat faster, I knew deep down what this was, but had hope that it wasn’t. Jamal went to his pictures and opened one up. It was my worst nightmare. Jamal looked overtly pleased. 

“So before Jay, left he told me about your little incident bitch! This is the last time I seen you! You look so pretty with your face covered in cum; you should look like that more often”. 

My face was beet red with shame and embarrassment, I meekly asked for the weed and put £20 on the bed. Jamal sensing my shame and sadness began to tell me how he hadn’t shown anyone and it was just between Jay and Jamal and there was nothing to worry about. All of this went over my head in my shame filled state. Jamal put some weed in a re-sealable packet and handed it, but when I went out to reach it, he pulled it away. With a sly look on his face, the face of a man with a devious scheme brewing, Jamal said,

“I got a better idea, you keep your money, but instead I’ll delete this photo and give you what you want”

With that he grabbed his crotch with the bag of weed and thrust. 

“You promise you’ll delete it? If you delete it, and you give me enough for 10 joints, then ok fine” I bargained. 

“nah, bitch, you aint bargaining fo’ shit. I got a pic of you plastered in cum that you don’t wan’ getting out. So you’re going to suck my dick for this weed. AND yo’ going to do it in this!” 

With that Jamal reached behind his bed and searched for a few seconds before pulling out a pink G-string. 

I sat there stunned, I protested to Jamal, but he did not budge, and ultimately I resigned myself to doing what he wanted. I stood up and snatched the G string from Jamal, and walked off to the bathroom. My face was beat red again I could feel it. 

“Woah, where you going? You get dressed here bitch, where I can see”

A new low, but I started undressing with urgency, attempting to get this over and done with. Attempting to end this chapter of my life, as I pulled my pants down to reveal my private region, Jamal sprung from the bed. I, on the other hand, covered my privates, this was the first time I’d been naked in from of anyone and I was dying of embarrassment. 

Jamal strode over to me and clasped my ass pinching it and spreading it, 

“this is a nice bitch’s ass. You got a cute little girls ass, you’re going to look perfect in that G-string” 

Another comment to hurt my manhood, a hard slap to my ass followed which sent me sprawling out on to Jamals bed, conveniently leaving my ass bent over. I felt Jamals big hand come over and pin me down. Here I was bent over, legs on the floor and my ass conveniently bent over the bed. I underestimated how strong Jamal was, pinning me there with one hand; it was stupid to underestimate Jamal though. Standing 6ft5, and being very bulky with defined muscle, it was of no use to struggle. 

A hard loud spank to my right ass cheek stopped my thoughts running wild, and another to the left, and another to the right. The slaps rained down on my little white butt cheeks, until I was tearing up from the pain. My ass cheeks felt as red as my face now. Jamal let go of my head and I turned to face him with puppy dog eyes. 

“haha, want some weed, you’ll be leaving with some weed and a nice red girls ass, you got not one hair there! New deal! You my bitch from now on, you my bitch and no one has to know” Jamal said, lust crazed.

“fuck you, fuck off, I’m going” I protested and went to pick my clothes up. 

Jamal had other ideas though, and pushed me back down on to the bead turned me around and started spanking my ass harder than before. The loud slap sounds reverberated around the room and I was reduced to a teary mess. However, I’d have picked that over what was to come next.  

Jamals finger circled my asshole, I began to kick out in protest but these were feeble attempts as the finger broke past my sphincter. I gasped in pain; Jamals big hand covered my mouth. Whilst his finger dug further up into my ass. His big finger probed me sliding in and out of me, and amongst the pain I began to have strange pleasurable sensations around my hole. These sensations caused my dick to stiffen, which didn’t go unnoticed by Jamal. 

“Yeah bitch, struggle all you want but your cocks growing. You love my finger inside of you, and I’m going to enjoy shoving my big fat dick up you’re tight bitch ass. Soon you’ll crave your little asshole being stretched by my big cock. So, we can do this the hard way or the easy way, either way we’re getting my dick up your ass, what you want bitch?”

Resigning myself to the inevitable I croaked out that I’d rather the easy way, my ass cheeks stung like hell, and I didn’t want any more spanks. Clearly overjoyed with my response, Jamal still with his finger fully up my bum, picked me up and slid the G-string over me. 

Bending me over, Jamal started viciously finger fucking me, jerking my body forward and squishing my cock into the bed covers. It hurt like hell, but having had his finger in me for some time now I managed to take his finger with ease. His finger left my ass, and I felt relieved, but the relief was temporary as something big and hard but with a spongy texture, put an incredible amount of pressure on my asshole. 
Realising it was Jamals cock; I turned on to my back in protest again. To my surprise Jamal didn’t restrain me, but my surprise probably did all the restraining necessary. Jamal had undressed and his cock was a sight to behold. His stocky physique was accentuated by a big thick (maybe just shy of an energy drink can) long black cock. Jamal sensed my hesitation and fear,

“yes, bitch 10 inches of big black cock, and soon this is gunna be buried up your little asshole”

In a moment of fear and want of postponing the inevitable I asked to suck Jamals cock instead. Jamal was a big taken aback by my acceptance, but it wasn’t so much as an acceptance rather not wanting to be ruined by that huge dick. 

“I need to fuck bitch, I need to fuck you like a bitch. If you ask me nicely though, I’ll let you suck this dick”

I was mortified to another level, sucking a dick was one thing, but having to ask was another thing altogether. 

“Can I suck your dick Jamal” I said unconvincingly. 

“nah bitch, you don’t sound like you want to, I’m just gon mount that tight ass” Jamal responded deviously. 

Sensing what Jamal wanted, I began to beg, a quiver in my voice, I begged for his dick. 

“please Jamal, let me suck your dick, let me taste it, feed me your cock” I felt dirty and physically sick  saying these words. 

Jamal, however broke into laughter, “sure bitch if you really want it”. 

With that he took a seat next to me on the bed. 

“Come on then bitch, if you take it all, ill lube up my cock for your ass. Come here and bend over with your ass facing me and suck my dick.”

With that Jamal positioned me face down ass up on the bed to the left of his big frame. I took his dick, which had an angry look about it, and begin to lick it up and down, getting it wet. I had remembered some tips from my time with Jay, and thought that if I did this well and made Jamal come, he wouldn’t fuck me. In failing that, at least there would be lube.
Once his cock was slick with his spit I began to take him into my mouth. I fit about 5 inches in before it hit the back of my throat and I gagged. Jamal grunted loudly, 
“Only 5 more inches to go bitch, get that dick in yo mouth slut”

I bobbed up and down on his big cock, but I couldn’t get any more in. My spit had dripped down and now his cock was very wet with my saliva. My jaw had gone stiff too, from the big cock stretching out my throat. Jamal sensed that I could not take any more dick, and took it upon himself to change that.  His big hand grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled my head of his dick’

“thought you wanted to suck this dick, I seen you take all of Jay, you going to take all of my dick” 

Jamal forced my head back on to his dick, and pushed my head down his dick, the pressure, on the back of my hand allowed me to get 7 inches down me. My throat bulged with dick. I felt the room flash to light, and to my horror it was the flash of a phones camera on record, I tried to pull of Jamal. But his hand held me in place. 

“said id delete the old picture, said nothing about making a video bitch, you just suck my dick like a little whore and no one has to know”

I began to sob on to his dick, but this made Jamal, the masochist he was, more and more excited. A barrage of upward thrust managed to force another inch into my mouth, my mouth was now being used as nothing more than a sexual tool. Jamal let go of my head, and the recording stopped. Jamal ordered me to keep deep throating him, and reminded me that I still did not earn the right for lubricant. I’d never felt so low, but my dick was rock hard, and oozing pre-cum. 

Jamal began to spank my ass hard again, my poor red cheeks began to sting again, but what’s worse is that with every slap Jamal would thrust. He was spanking me deeper and deeper on to his cock, this was hugely successful as I was now there with my ass up face down and full of cock. My nose was tickled by Jamals pubes; I could smell his musky smell. A hand grabbed my head whilst I was fully impaled on the cock, keeping me there. 

“Oh yeah bitch, that’s it, you’re going to suck my dick every fucking day bitch, open your eyes bitch and look at your future”

I opened my teary eyes, going red in the face from the choking I was receiving. I was scared how Jamal was talking, as if he owned me and was now making decisions for me. Jamal pulled my face off his cock, but kept my head near his spit soaked cock, and started to slap me hard with his cock. The slap sounds reverberated around the room, my face was taking a beating from this big cock. 

“You ready to take this big dick bitch” Jamal enquired. 

“I don’t think I can take it Jamal, please can I just suck you till you come” I pleaded. 

“No bitch, you have to learn how to take a dick, your ass was built for big dicks like mine” Jamal responded coldly. 

I felt scared and didn’t know how I was going to manage this, I was glad that id earned the right to have lube used. That was some weird sense of accomplishment. Jamal moved me around till my spanked red bum was facing Jamal, my face still down. The bulbous head of Jamals dick rubbed against my hole, the cold wet of the lube coated my asshole. I didn’t think he’d used enough, maybe that was deliberate. Jamals finger had opened me up but it wasn’t enough. Jamals fat dick was putting so much pressure on my butthole but it couldn’t break the sphincter. 

“That’s a tight asshole bitch, going to make you scream, going to gape your tight little fuck hole”

With that Jamal grabbed my hips and thrust hard into me, popping my anal cherry, and causing me to scream out in pain. 

“Yeah bitch, that’s it let it all out, my big dicks all you need now. Your my little bitch don’t you have to worry about nothing, I’m going to give you all the dick you need”

Jamal said as his big bellend rested inside my poor abused ass. I could now feel Jamal’s big dick sliding deeper and deeper into my ass. My ass was on fire; I was panting and moaning,

“please stop Jamal, anything else, ill suck you off this hurts” I squealed.

“shut the fuck up bitch, your taking my cock, and you better get used to me stretching your ass” Jamal grunted. 

I screamed out again as another inch of Jamal 10 inches slid inside me, I felt like I was being split into two by this monster. 

“Half way there boy, your virgin ass looks so sexy with a real man’s cock hanging out of it.”

I pressed my head into the covers and bit the mattress groaning, Jamal did not like me hiding away from the pain, and grabbed my hair and rodeod me like a cheap slut. He pulled his dick out then pounded bank in spearing me on the amount of dick he could work up there, over and over impaling me on to this cock, my cries were futile - my guts being bent to the will of this black man. 

“How does it feel to be a whore for some weed, you’re getting a big dick in your bitch ass all for some weed, you dumb fucking slut” Jamal spit on my asshole and thrust in hard accentuating every insult. 

I estimated I had 3 quarters of Jamals cock in me by now, my asshole felt stretched open by Jamal’s immense girth.

“bitch look at me”

I turned my head to see Jamal holding his phone recording him breaking open my asshole, and now he had my face on the video. It was over I knew it, I was his now, he knew it too. I just dropped my head and concentrated on the ounce of pleasure I was getting. 

“yeah you like this big dick bitch, we making a porno, tell me how much you love this big dick stretching your bitch hole” cooed Jamal. 

I was hesitant, I didn’t want to say anything, I didn’t know if I could say anything. Anything other than gasps on pain and pleasure that is, however that all changed when I felt a strong thrust from Jamal, tearing my insides apart and pushing me off of my knees and sending me sprawling on to the sheets. 

Quick as a flash Jamal pulled me by my leg with one hand and repositioned me, now bent over at the waist over the side of the bed. He thrust his big black dick back up inside me paying no respect to the pain this caused me, Jamal started fucking me as hard as I thought  he could, he still could not get it all into my asshole though. I was being pounded into the bed, and my cock was being mashed into the covers on every pound which was strangely arousing; though the pain of being violently butt fucked over took that feeling of arousal. 
I could tell Jamal had stopped recording though, as both oh his hands were clasped around my hips pulling me deeper and deeper on to his cock. Until one last violent thrust where his whole cock finally pushed all the way up deep inside of my guts. The pain wasn’t too bad, after the violent thrusting, the feeling of gentle rocking was a welcome change. Jamals big balls rested on mine. 

“Oh yes bitch, this ass is all mine, I’m so close to cumming up your tight little booty, then your all mine. Gonna be my little slave, ill fuck you all night, and you’ll get all the weed you want”

With that Jamal started to spank my ass, hard, harder than before. I couldn’t escape the spanking, being impaled on 10 inches of black meat, meant that every time I moved I would feel that black cock snake around my guts. I was writhing in pain and Jamal loved it, I could hear all his derogatory remarks about how good my ass felt and how I was making him come. 
The room was filled up with sounds of Jamal shouting, Jamals big hands spanking my bum, and my squeals. Finally the slapping stopped; Jamal gave me one last full length thrust and then held his cock deeper then he’d ever been before, making my gasp in a new level of pain, but at the same time a new level of arousal.
In the absence of the spanking the cock didn’t feel so bad, in fact the pain had kind of subsided now and was mostly pleasure, but I daren’t let on to Jamal. I didn’t want anyone to know. Then I felt something shoot up inside me, it felt strange and quite indescribable. 

“Yes bitch, oh I’m cumming deep up your ass, your now just my little fucking ass bitch”

Something surprising then happened, I felt Jamal hand come around and underneath me and grab my hard cock. Jamal started pumping my small dick hard and fast. I moaned into the pillow, I really didn’t want to come, not in front of Jamal. Not after what he’d just done, but I couldn’t hold it in.  I let go and a torrent of cum shot out of me into the pink G-string, which quite remarkably had stayed on throughout the fucking, I crumpled off of Jamals dick and just lay there on the floor. 

“I knew you would love it you little whore. Little white boys like you love getting fucked up the ass. In fact because you love it so much you’re now only allowed to cum when my big dick is up your ass.”

Jamal turned and left me there on the floor in my own cum riddled delirium. About 5 minutes later Jamal returned, his cock glistened that after shower glow.  

“get up faggot!”

As I got up Jamal lovingly patted my ass, and slipped his finger in, to which I collapsed into his arms.

“Oh bitch, you’ll learn to take my cock whenever I snap my fingers.” Jamal looked me in the eye and smirked. 

I began to pick up my trousers and take the thong off, but I was ordered to keep it on. As I began to put my trousers on, I heard the sound of fingers snap. I turned to look at Jamal who was looking back with some expectation. I stared blankly, Jamal walked over to me bent me over and shoved 3 fingers up my no longer tight asshole. It still made me yelp out though. 
