 The weekend had flown by and my life would never be the same. But right now, there was no time for that. Not at this moment. It was Wednesday evening and it was all on the line.

All year we had been struggling to get our game down. The majority of our team was made up of freshman and sophomores. Then there was myself and three other juniors with only one senior, the goalie.

Tonight's game was tight and it was still scoreless with time running out. The last thing we wanted was to go into extra-time or have to decide the game with goal kicks. We just weren't good enough for all that.

Just when it seemed that we couldn't win, we caught a break.

One of our freshman defenders had managed to intercept the ball at the top of our own box. With quick thinking he kicked it out clean to our wing man who was now in a steady sprint, dribbling down the left center of the pitch.

As he raced past mid-field, I was running with him at an angle to his left some 15 yards or so ahead of him. But we still had a defender waiting up ahead in front of me. The defender had to wait because if he jumped one of us to quickly it would free up the other.

"C'mon, c'mon...pass it, pass it." I kept mumbling to myself knowing that I was running out of time. The defender made his choice, he chose not to move as we were coming up on him.

Just as I was about to reach him, our wingman lays out a perfect pass. It was a perfect kick and the ball was airborne which meant I could shift gears and run past the last defender without being called for offsides.

The poor guy never stood a chance, we caught him flat footed. I ran right past him as he tripped when he started turning to run with me. The ball was in the air and he was down. I knew I had a clean break.

But that pass, that pass was biblical because that fucking ball seemed to hang up in the air for a fucking eternity. It really didn't but damn it, it felt like it did.

The ball came down softly about 5yds ahead of me with almost no bounce. "Perfect," I thought to myself and I was on it. Now it was just me coming down the left side of the pitch angling towards the top left corner of the box.

Out of the corner of my eye I could see another defender making a direct move on me but he was too far away, even with his perfect angle he wouldn't reach me in time.

It was just me and the goalie now. What would the goalie do, would he stay back or would he rush me? "Think David, think" ...That thought kept repeating over and over in my head. No more time to think, I was a split second from having to decide my next move.

One of us had to make a move, then it happened. The goalie blinked; he made his move by running straight at me.

This meant that from the middle of the goal across to the left side of the goal, was cut off. But the far side, oh that far right side of the goal was open. 

My eyes must've looked like two cherries in a bowl of milk. Right as I entered the top left side of the box I unloaded. A perfect kick hitting a strike, sending the ball on a perfect diagonal trajectory towards the far-right post.

The image of the ball on a line towards the post was the last I'd see of it. Suddenly I felt a body slamming into me. The next few seconds were a blur as I felt my body hit the ground. I rolled with somebody rolling over me, then off of me.

As my senses started coming back to me, I could hear the roar of the crowd! What'd I miss?

What I had missed seeing, was the ball zipping towards the far post. The goalie frozen. All the poor bastard could do was watch the ball go right past him because he hadn't covered enough ground, he was still too far back and slightly to the left. He was out of position.

Bang! The ball hit just inside of the post and ricocheted into the back of the net.

"Goooooooooooal!!" Isn't that what the guy screams on TV?

It was beautiful and that was all we needed. 10 minutes later the match was over and we had just won the right to play in our conference tournament after having started out the season playing like shit.

Amongst all the high five's and all the ass patting and hugs I happened to look up into the stands. There he was, all 6'6" of him in his military fatigues standing tall. He was to far away to see the expression on his face and then just like that he turned and started to leave.

The goal I had just kicked and the dramatic fashion in which the game had just played out was a thrill. I was extremely amped up. But the sight of Thomas watching me in the stands made all of that seem like church on a Thursday.

I had no clue that he would be there. I barely remember telling him over the weekend about my game. As soon as I laid eyes on him my heart and emotions started racing.

None of it lasted long because in an instant my train of thought was broken by the sensation of a small hand on my ass.

"God that was so hot watching you play!" I turned with a half startled look in my eye. It was Francis Holloway, a very pretty young lady that had been after me all year. I had taken her out a couple of times but couldn't bring myself to give her any more time. Francis wanted a serious relationship.

The thing is, if I know a girl wants to be more than fuck buddies, I don't even try to fool with her. I don't want to deal with the mess afterwards. You know how it goes, she wanted more, all you wanted was just a quick roll, now she's heartbroken and everyone is talking about how you're an asshole for breaking her heart.

Nah, you can keep all that.

I just smiled and gave her a quick response. "Hey gorgeous, thanks." My response was always short and sweet with Francis.

"So, get dressed and let's go celebrate, a bunch of us are getting together at Mikes so hurry up!" I smiled as I listened to her knowing that I had a split second to answer her without sounding weird.

"Yeah ok, I'll see you there!" Another quick answer with a big smile and a quick kiss to her cheek and I was out of there. I was off, running towards the locker-room to celebrate. 

"Yeah babe, that's not happening." ...I mumbled to myself.

Once the noise had died down in the locker room, everyone started to shower and get dressed. I sat down in front of my locker like I do after every home game. I sat there with my head down, slightly hunched over with my elbows on my knees. 

"Great game man! This makes staying for my senior year worth it."

I could tell you who's voice that belonged to in a pitch-dark room. Larry Ruiz, our senior goalie. I looked up and instantly an alarm was going off in my head. Like one of those damn amber alerts that suddenly comes over your cell phone without warning. Let me explain...

Larry and I have an after-game ritual. He'll come over to hand me a sports drink. I'll stand then as I take the drink with one hand, he gives me the big-bro handshake with the other hand. Our hands make a loud clapping sound as they smack together then we pull each other in for the big-bro hug. We do this after every game.

See the thing is...Larry is always naked when we do this. It's never been a big deal and it's the same routine after every game, win, lose or draw.

But this time as I look up to the sound of his voice and before I stood up, I was eye level with his crotch. That's when the alarm goes off in my head. For the first time in three years I notice that Larry isn't circumcised. His cock is big but not the biggest that I've seen. It is however very thick, almost as thick as the thickest that I've seen.

Normally none of this stuff registers in my head, but today alarms are going off in my head and I can't take my eyes off of it.

It's dark and the head of his cock, what little I can see of it, is purple. Because it's not circumcised it makes his cock look like a fat guy wearing a hoodie.

"You ok bro?" His question startles me as a cold chill instantly comes over me. I suddenly realized that he had caught me staring at his cock.

"Um...yeah, yeah...I'm g-great!" I was stuttering at this point as I struggled to respond while jumping up to take his hand for the big-bro handshake. Just in case you don't remember, I'm not very tall and while Larry isn't 6'6" he's a solid 6'.

The next part made my face light on fire with a solid blush. After giving me my big-bro handshake with big-bro hug, Larry looks me right in the eye and winks. My heart sunk. In three years of being his teammate he's never winked at me.

Then he just smiles and turns to head back to his locker. But he didn't just let go of my hand. He held it through his turn squeezing it as he released it.

"Holy fuck! Holy fuck!" Those two words were now on a loop inside my head as I did everything I could to remain calm. I took the drink, opened it up and started to take a sip when I noticed that my hand was trembling. As I sat back down, I started asking myself over and over, "Did he catch me looking at his cock?!"

One by one my teammates came by to congratulate me on the game and luckily, I regained my composure and found myself doing something that I had never done before. I was purposely making sure that I wasn't looking below anyone's waist. That's right, I had to keep myself from looking at their cocks.

Finally, I made it through; everyone was almost gone. My ritual after a game is that I take my time getting out of the locker room, always. Today wasn't going to be any different. Usually when I'm done there's an equipment manager still hanging around and he locks up after me. On the occasion when there's not, a custodian will close up. 

Being a star athlete has its perks.

Finally, my head was clear and as I was showering, I could allow myself to think back on the weekend. It had been the most wonderful experience of my young life.

An awakening and a weekend full of firsts. From that Friday afternoon letting Thomas fuck me for hours to that evening watching movies on his couch and sucking my first cock. I couldn't even get half of his cock into my mouth but oh how I tried.

The thrill of Thomas cumming in my mouth and the fear that I would choke on it only to hear Thomas's voice telling me to calm down. "Just swallow what you can babe, swallow what you can."

His voice still in my head with the thought of his hand running threw my hair as I did as he said all the while swallowing every drop his seed.

Saturday, was eventful because as I sat on the toilet with the door open, I heard a knock at the front door. In the distance I heard Thomas talking to a familiar voice.

"Yeah Mary, he's here. He's taking a shit I think." Oh, my gawd!! Did Thomas just tell my sister that I was in his bathroom taking a shit?!

"No fucking way!" I mumbled to myself as I felt my heart drop into my testicles.

"Yeah, yeah no worries. I'll have him call you or if you want, I'll send him over to your office." I could hear him respond to her but couldn't hear her voice.

"Yeah I caught the little shit in my fridge but don't worry Mary he's fine. We hit it off and he crashed here last night." And with that Mary was gone. I finished what I was doing and the rest of the afternoon Thomas had a blast watching me squirm over my sister knowing that I had spent the night with him.

But he calmed me down enough to fuck me a couple more times over the next 24hrs. The last time being when I was getting ready to leave. He stopped me at the door and threw me over the arm rest of his couch. He aggressively pulled my pants and boxers down far enough to expose my very swollen pouting, aching hole.

Then no lube just a huge throat clearing sound after telling me to spread my ass cheeks. Then a huge slimy glob of spit landed right on my hole. Within a minute or two he was buried deep inside of me and I was crying out in pain and pleasure like some eager whore being fucked in a back alley. Then it was over as he grunted a loud grunt and I could feel his cock spewing his sperm inside of me.

"Something to remember me by before you get home." His voice now velvety smooth as he reached from behind me to turn my face to give me one last wonderful kiss as I pulled my pants up. My ass was full one last time with his cum.

"Get out of your head." I mumbled softly to myself as I turned off the water.

I finally headed back into the locker room. "Man David, that's what I call taking a shower." Like a fucking kick to the balls it hit me. Larry hadn't left.

There he was sitting next to my locker, in his t-shirt and sweats. "Hey what are you still doing here?" I asked like some little kid that knew he had just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar.

"Waiting on you. Thought we could walk over to Mikes and meet up with everyone." I tried to play it off and act like everything was normal but I knew that it wasn't. I knew it deep down in my heart that Larry wasn't there to walk me anywhere.

Then something happened. Suddenly I wasn't worried or scared. The fact that he had returned just for me started sending mixed signals to my brain. But through it all I wasn't nervous or scared, no, I was terrified. Not at Larry but at myself.

Deep down inside I was flattered that he came back for me and that's what was wrong. That's what terrified me, that I liked that he came back for me.

I'm a guy so why am I so giddy deep down inside at the attention that Larry was giving me all of the sudden. Thomas what about Thomas? Now my head was starting to go into over drive. What's wrong with me.

As I tossed the towel that I was using to dry off my hair I felt the towel that was around my waist being pulled off. Before I could respond Larry stood up and was behind me now. My heart started to race. I should say something; I should stop him.

To late his hands were all over my ass. "Oh, baby you have the perfect ass." Larry's voice just sent me over the edge. The lust in his voice his hot breath on my neck and his hands kneading and massaging my ass were just too much for me.

I knew what was coming next as soon as I felt his hand on the middle of my back pushing me forward to bend me over. "Stop him! stop him!" ...those words playing over and over in my head. But instead of stopping him I moved my feet apart so he could get in behind me.

"Damn it shorty, I've been wanting to fuck this nice sweet ass off yours since you were a freshman." My face was on fire. I knew that I was blushing but I was so turned on. This man had just admitted to lusting after me for the past three years. The thought of that was intoxicating. There I was, like some little bitch on the cusp of getting what she craved. My breathing had once again become soft moans.

Larry figured out really quick that he was too tall and I was to short to be able to fuck standing up. So, he dropped his sweats to his ankles and sat down on the bench. Grabbing my waist, he pulled me back to him. Then he started kissing my ass. At first soft little kisses then wide-open mouth kisses bordering on biting my ass.

Soon I realized that he wasn't biting me but he was most definitely marking his place. I knew that he was leaving a sucker bite on my ass. As he sucked on one spot I started to hurt. I managed to wiggle free in between moans, his mouth making a loud smacking sound as it separated from my ass cheek. 

"Spread your ass cheeks shorty." Wow, shorty, he called me a shorty.

Shorty is what we called sexy tight little coeds with a nice round firm bubble butt. I had no more shame left in me after that comment. I obediently did as I was told and reached back to spread my ass cheeks.

Larry was prepared, I'll give him that. I turned to look over my shoulder and I watched as he was squeezing out a dollop of lube from a miniature bottle of KY onto his fat cock. I quickly turned back around as if I was watching a ritual that I was prohibited to look at.

Then as he grabbed onto my waist, I let him pull me back, he was guiding my ass down to that fat cockhead of his. Finally, I could feel it pressing against my asshole.

But not before Larry made one final observation. "Damn baby, looks like your pussy's been worked hard." That was it, the last straw. I knew that my hole was still a little purple and pouty but still. The fact that he noticed it sent me over the edge.

I tilted my head back just as I felt his cock head on my hole and without any help from Larry, I pushed myself down.

I squealed as his cock broke my seal. I was still aching from being fucked all weekend long and as I said Larry's cock was really thick but luckily for me still not quite as thick as Thomas's. "Oh Thomas," I thought to myself.

It was so much easier taking Larry, his cock wasn't as long or as thick. It didn't take long at all to bury him deep inside of me as I squatted my ass down between his legs. I let go of my ass cheeks and instantly my hole had a really tight grab of his cock as I worked my hips up and down with my hands locking on to his thighs. Then I would occasionally move my hips side to side.

At first, I was moving really slow and wiggling my ass trying to get his cock to find my spot. I had almost given up when I felt it. A deep low groan escaped my mouth. Then I lifted up and dropped back down at the same angle and yes. Another moan escaped me because I had found it.

That was all I needed as I started picking up the pace. Raising up off of him then slamming myself down with that very same angle so that his cock was hammering my p-spot. Over and over I kept dropping down on it. I was no longer shy or bashful. I was moaning loud now because as I looked down at my semi-erect cock, I could see my pre-cum coming out in thin silky strings as my cock flopped about.

I was close...

As I lifted up, I tighten my hole and as I slid down, I would relax it. I had a nice steady rhythm going. "Mmm...aye mami, estas bein rica." I have no clue what Larry was saying to me but I knew he was enjoying my ass and he wasn't going to last long.

Then I started shaking as my cock started squirting. I was cumming hard and I was gasping for air as the perverseness of it all came crashing down on me, wave after wave. My hands were digging into Larry's thighs now as I held on for dear life.

Then right on cue he blew and I pushed down getting him as deep in me as possible. I could feel my ass resting on his big balls. I leaned back against him and my face was against his. My eyes were closed as I was covered in sweat. My asshole squeezing then relaxing my grip on his cock.

I slowly moved my ass milking every drop out of him.

"Please, please keep this between us. Please." I was begging him in a soft low voice. I was trying so hard not to fall off of him.

"David, do you think I want this to get out? C'mon shorty, your smarter than that." Shorty, again he called me shorty, god that turned me on.

With that he kissed me. Not a long passionate kiss but a soft quick kiss.

"SMACK!"

The sound of his hand on the side of my ass combined with the sting that I felt brought me back from the edge really quick. "Get up and let's go, everyone is waiting on you. Plus, that little bitch Francis wants you bad!" Larry was laughing now as he pushed me up off of him.

I could feel his cum droll out of my stretched asshole, "You go ahead and I'll catch up. I need to rinse off." And with that Larry was quickly dressed and gone. Suddenly I felt cheap. Larry had just done to me what I've done to countless females. He didn't give two fucks about me; he just wanted some ass.

Boy was I feeling stupid and used now...

I didn't even bother to shower instead I got dressed in a hurry. I was extremely disappointed in myself as I headed out. As I passed the equipment managers door a voice startled me. It was Sammy, a student trainer. "Man, you're popular."

"Fuck me, fuck me!" ...I kept thinking to myself.

"Some big guy has been waiting on you for a while now." I froze while Sammy continued talking. "Yeah I went back inside to get you but I saw that you and Larry were going over next weeks game plan so I told him you'd be out soon and don't worry. There's wasn't anybody else in the building except us three while you two were having your game plan meeting."
