 Lost in the inky black abyss of slumber, William Kikiwawason's huge red-chocolate body, wide shoulders, wide chest, and big arms are all balled up under the silk white sheets. He was dreaming. Asleep. But still, consciously aware. He KNEW he was sleep, he KNEW he was dreaming. But he also KNEW there was giggling. And he was trying to decipher if it was just the dream or not.

A small guy with a blonde bowl cut that hung down to his earlobe walked up him. In nothing but a white, silken shirt. It hung down to his knees. He smiled, flirting. His bright blue eyes cut from down to up, sizing up the big man in front of him. He walked up to William, teasing his two fingers along the big man's shoulder.

"Hi..." he smiles.

William stands there in jeans and a yellow shirt, long sideburns to his jawline, his hair silver white. William's father was prematurely grey, from about 10 years old. And now, William was too. His sideburns were white, his hair silver. He took to dying his hair and cutting his sideburns since he's been working. But in this dream, he had his natural look. The dark skinned man looks down with slanted eyes and an Asian face. He is often mistaken for Mexican or Native Brazilian. 

William feels a stirring in his loins. He's ashamed at being so attracted. The face, the hair, the smile. Even the soft gentle touch of the two fingers traipsing up his shoulder. He feels his groin roar to life, full and swollen. Dripping. He's never been made this horny before. He feels his heart thunder in his chest. He swallows hard, looking around so nobody bothers h- wait....this is a dream. "I can do what I wanna do!" he thinks to himself.

He reaches out, grabbing the blonde around his waist. The smaller, pale hands furiously slide down his big shoulders and jam up his shirt, sliding up his dark body. William is big, and strong, but a bit flabby. He's ashamed. He was an obese little boy. And he grew up a big, brawny, musclebound meathead. Who was a bookworm. And he wasn't cut, like those muscle men in the new movies. 

His eyes look down, embarrassed. Ready for rejection.

But the hands only grab and grasp at him, hungrier. He looks up, feeling a surge of relief and joy. The blonde looks up at him, flicking his head to get his hair out of his eye. He smiles, "I like the big ones..." They lock eyes, while hands intrude down into William's groin. Despite the jeans, his hands slide in as if there's nothing but boxers on. Which now...is the case. William's in nothing but boxers and a t-shirt. Which is okay. Just please don't wake up without finishing...he thinks. The deft male's hands stroke and squeeze, as the other hand fondles and rubs the big, chocolate balls. A dollop of precum spills from an erection so hard that it hurts. The blonde's own 7 inches rises up between his legs, popping out the foreskin. 

Now, William's naked. No longer in the white shirt.

"Ohhh....." William moans, rolling his head back.

He feels soft lips kiss his neck, and turns to see a thin surfer-like guy with long curly brunette hair down to his ass. He kisses and sucks William's strong, muscular neck, sliding his hands down the wide strong chest.

"Mmmm...I love cherrywood..." he jokes badly. But William doesn't care. He's lost in heaven. A heaven he wished his family's hyper homophobia didn't stop him from enjoying.

"Don't get greedy..." mutters a deep, male voice. William opens his eyes to see a guy who looks racially mixed. His hair falls to his shoulders in long blonde curls. Freckles dot his flat nose and thick, pink lips. His eyelashes are long and black, decorating his light tan eyes. Almost red, William thinks. He's naked, boasting a fully erect 9 inches. William moans loudly, feeling the bowlcut blonde kiss his chest, and smelling the sweet softness of his hair. He drops to his knees, and engulfs the 6 inch black pipe down his throat. His head slowly bobs back and forth, with loud slurping sounds, as the cock is worked until it can't be anymore. He then pulls back, only holding the huge purple head in his mouth. He flicks it with his tongue, smiling.

William feels the rock hard erection of brunette behind him being stroke and thrust against his back. Leaving sticky stains of precum. His hands greedily grab the chest as he begins nipping and kissing the big brown neck.

"Ouch! Oooohh..." William feels lost, a sharp prick, then a warm and soothing "glow" of relaxation and sensual euphoria flood his neck. The pink lips suck and slurp, leaving hickys on the one spot.

The mixed guy slides up behind William, and grabs his buttocks. Squeezing and rolling them in his light caramel hands. The sensation is insane. Amazing. A cross between sensual massage, relaxation, and a new sensation in his prostate. The caramel fingers with long white nails press together in two fingers and press hard against William's taint. He feels like he wants to explode with an orgasm. A wet, hot tongue makes him jerk and jump as it pops inside his anus. It laps and whirls expertly, as the two fingers press and vibrate his taint and the erected shaft of his cock under his ball bag.

"Ohhhh!!" William tries to hold off, feeling the biggest orgasm of his life chugging forward soon. "OUCH!" he feels a prick in his buttock, than a warm soothing glow like sensual massage oil under his skin. "Ooohhhh jeebus..."

As the pleasure builds up, he feels a bit lightheaded. The blonde presses his tongue hard under the bottom of the cock in his mouth, and then begins to tease by shaking his head "no", letting the circumcised dick be rubbed and slid constantly.

William can't hold off any longer. He can't.

"OHHHH DAMN!!!!!" he screams, feeling a hot storm flame from his taint up through the end of his cockhead. The blonde keeps shaking his head "no" while loudly slurping the head between his lips. He gulps the streams of sweet and salty cum hitting the back of his throat. He feels a raging greed to get every drip down into his tummy. He loves it. He wishes there was more. There's not enough.

A loud, hard grunt burns out of William's mouth. So hard and long that it hurts and makes his throat sore. He stands on his tip toes, almost screaming as the tongue keeps lapping and the head keeps shaking left to right. He looks down at the thick, silky curtains of blonde hair and the part down the middle. He loves the part down the middle. It turns him on. Always has. He grabs the blonde's head, loving the feel of the silky hair in his big, red-chocolate hands, as the white lips greedily gulp and swallow the black cock. His throat chugs again, trying to not let one drop ever escape his stomach. If there be anymore hiding inside those balls, he was determined and lap it out. He knew sometimes after an orgasm, some semen still spills. And he was going have that too.

William almost squeals a high pitched cry, as he feels every drip forced out of him by a milking throat. The two caramel fingers with long white nails begin pressing and rolling his taint, moving in hard vibrating circles.

"OOHHHHH JEEBUS!!!" he screams.

"WHAT IS THIS?!!!!" screams a female voice. It sounds familiar. Amiria's voice.

William feels them all suddenly pull away from him. His wet, saliva-dripping cock feels cold in the naked air. He feels a warm, relaxing, muscle-melting trickle run down his neck like room-temperature water. His own eyes burst open to see Amiria standing there in her same clothes. Her hands wave in the air in a fury, as her eyes really do look bright red. Her lips look wet, as if she dabbed on red paint. She screams and shouts in German, stomping her naked foot on the ground.

William gasps awake, seeing himself naked and standing next to the bed. He sees the 3 guys around him cowering. They seem... solid up top, but their feet seem made of mist, or fog. The bedroom door is open. Helga stands there screaming and yelling. Her fingers curl like claws and she throws her hands like a dictator. William jumps to cover his nakedness, looking around in confusion. He feels the warm spit from the hickey kiss drip down his chest.

Amiria screams and throws her hand towards the open doorway. The 3 seem to kind of... skate out. They run, but they move as if skating, not the up and down motion of running.

She rushes up to William, a look of fury and outrage on her pretty face. But she then looks him up and down, as if pitying him. She grabs his face, her soft hands on each cheek, and gets an inch from his lips. Her lips press against his. They feel hot. Wet. And plump. Her hair smells soft and sweet. Her tongue is strong and long. William feels sleepy. She pushes him with one hand, knocking him off balance and onto his back. She slaps his hands from his cock, and grabs the base squeezing. A dollop of white dribbles out the top, which she hurries to lick up. Her tongue along the base of his cock makes him groan, digging his fingers into the sheets.

She loudly swallows the seed, before licking his cock clean of all the drool and saliva from the blonde guy. William groans loud, unable to take this oversensitivity. Once his cock is clean of all excess fluid, she smiles and stands up. Then wiping a clearish-white drip from her chin and sucking it off her finger. William closes his eyes and falls back to sleep on the bed. But as he drifts off, he feels her hand swipe up the wet warm drips of spit from the sloppy kisses off his body. She loudly slurps her fingers clean, before the sound of the door slamming shut makes him jolt. As if the door was closed on her before she could even get her finger out of her mouth.

He looks up to see he's naked and alone in the bedroom. He drops back into the silk and goose-down pillow, falling into the abyss of somnambulance.

*************************************

William awakens refreshed. The crisp Austrian air and the gentle scent of the fireplace slaps him with a full appreciation for simpler things. He yawns and pulls back the sheets from over his body. They pull a little at his naked, limp cock. Dried stains. He then remembers the wild wet dream he had. 

He stretches and pulls off his t-shirt, to change into something fresh. He feels something hard and crispy on his skin. He looks down and rakes over over a stripe of dark blackish-brown crunch that seems to run from his shoulder to his chest.

Dried blood.

As if it had dripped down from his neck.

He reaches up and feels a slightly sore little welt in his neck. As if a giant mosquito had bit him. It's sore, red. But that's it. He looks outside to see it's evening. He rubs his hand over his face, then through his thick and silky short black hair.

"Damn. Timezones..." 

Just how long did he sleep? The clock on the wall, looking like it was built in the 1600's, yet still in amazing freshly-made condition, shows 6:30 PM. He feels a tinge of panic, rushing into his suit case to get his folders and paper case in order.

The door opens. Standing there is Amiria, smiling. Her long, tawny hair is done up in a big, illustrious bun. Long curls run down the sides to her small but pushed up bosom. She wears a long, white dress to the floor.

"Good evening." she smiles in her light German accent. "Will you be having a meal?"

"Yes ma'am. Of course. I'm sorry I overslept. Time zones, you know?"

"Do not worry about it, William. You had a very fitful evening, I take it?" she looks at his disheveled shirt. It reveals his round belly, which he is ashamed of. His boxers are half down, revealing his shaved pubic area. He blushes brutally, trying to yank his shirt down and jerk his boxers up.

"Hmph! Hmf!" she laughs; "Just come down soon, I'd enjoy your company. The washroom is at the end of the wall. To your left." she points to her right, before gently smiling and walking away. The door seems to shut smoothly. She must have deftly slid her hand and moved it, because he could've swore it closed by itself.

***

After a wash-up, he redressed and came down the huge flight of stairs laid over with the bright red shag carpet. There was no shower in the bathroom. Only a very large bathtub, a toilet that seemed spotless and unused, and a huge marble sink. He had to wash up with soap and water, then wipe the water off the floor. Damn, he missed showers.

He dressed in his button down shirt and navy blue pants, hair combed, coming down the stairs with a small case of paperwork.

"In here, William." yells a voice that seems to echo throughout the entire house. He followed it's source location, hoping to see the butler lady from last night. Or even the driver. But nobody. Nothing. It just seemed like he and Amiria were the only two in this castle of a house. Or was it a house of a castle?

The dining room looks like something out of medieval times. A long wooden table in the middle of a room with a fireplace. Large weapons along the walls, and suits of armor decorate the hall. She sits at the end of the table, her legs folded, reading a magazine full of pictures. At the opposite end was a silver platter with a top on it. It steamed.

"Would you mind if I had a bite to eat first, Amiria?"

"I would mind if you did not." she answers in a crisp, dominant tone.

((Oookay. Moody.)) he thought, sitting down and lifting the silver top. Real silver. The silverware was real silver, encrusted with jewels. A hot plate of what looked like a giant chicken fried steak greets his starving eyes. Hot, salted cabbage in a little bowl sat on the plate. He wants to wolf it down. But keeping manners, he must remain a gentleman. He cuts it apart, eating slowly.

"This is delicious!" he smiles at the not-smiling feminine form sitting at the other end. She does not look at him, just stares into her magazine. The low, relaxing lights of the ceiling and the fireplace lights glow off her tawny hair with a golden sheen. Her light tan eyes look almost red in the light. Well... definitely red. She sighs, her bottom teeth almost look a little too... pointed.

"Did I do something wrong?"

"Yes."

"Please tell me what I did. I don't want to insult you."

"You've said nothing. Nothing at all. About my home. About my hospitality. About my appearance. Nothing. You have no sense of respect or hospitality."

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to. I was so very tired last night. You have a lovely, lovely home. A castle, really. And you've been the most gracious hostess I've ever experienced in my life. And the first class trip, thank you, , from the bottom of my heart. Truly!"

She turns the page nonchalantly, yawning as if bored.

"And you look amazing. Everything is just beautiful. I don't want you to think I'm overstepping here, but YOU are absolutely enchanting. Breathtaking. The word 'beautiful' doesn't justify what you are."

She smiles. But, doesn't blush. If she did, you can't tell in her pale skin.

"Alright. Now, I am pleased." she closes the book, looking down at the floor, with a huge smile. She won't look at him, but her cheeks burn from the hard smiling. Her hand strokes away a long curl hanging down her face.

"And? How is the schnitzel?"

Honestly, it was the best damn chicken fried steak he's ever had in his life. He didn't think anybody could fry better than his auntie. But this? Maybe Europe can compete with the South.

"This is just...just...indescribable."

She turns away, her hand over the side of her face.

"I prepared it myself."

"Beautiful and a chef? Wow. You're an angel on Earth."

She smiles harder, but her voice takes a tone of seriousness.

"Would that not be a fallen angel?"

"((This moody bitch.)) No. You're just amazing."

She smiles. "When are you finished, leave the dishes there. And let us do this business, shall we?"

******

They sat together in the reading room. Like a giant living room, in the middle of a library, with a fireplace that wasn't lit. And a brown globe in the middle of the room. 

The huge windows reveal the dark inky black winter night sky. Stars glow bright, as does the moon. The huge field of flat white snow blasts the moonlight back into the window, giving the room a strange sort of lighting. It is beautiful.

Amiria is nitpicky and tedious. Going through every word, every detail, as if a editor and a filter. She debated and argued a contract, then complained about other things. She was tedious and high maintenance. Explaining just 3 contracts, which normally took a good hour, took almost 4. William was exhausted, but kept going as long as she wished.

"Are you hungry, William? Would you try more of my culinary?"

"Yes indeed. I would LOVE to."

She smiled hard, as if her entire face should go beet red. But it doesn't. It stays ivory. She leaves, then returns with another platter of warmed schnitzel and a dinner tray.

She sits next to him while he eats, going through a magazine and talking about the new things, as if she's an excited kid who never saw any of them before ever. William hated every minute, but he smiled and sat through it anyway. When he finishes, he offers to return the dishes. But she adamantly stops him, wanting to take the dishes away. They fall onto the dinner tray. He backs up, hoping to not mess anything up. But she jerks forward, as if reacting to thinking they would hit the tray, then bounce and roll off into the chair.

The plates fall onto the tray. But the weird motion of the two both ends up pressing their bodies against one another. Her chest and stomach press against his. Her stretched out arm slides along his side. His massive arm wraps around her.

Her orangish-brown eyes look up into his dark, slanted eyes. They are inches from each others faces. Both, looking nervous, stay locked on each other. Amiria heaves a deep breath in her chest, and her arm slowly presses against William. He does the same. She breathes hard, her breath blowing in his face. She feels his erection explode outward against her soft body. William, ashamed, wants to back up. But if he does, he'll either knock the dinner tray over into the plump chair, or fall backwards with it. He breathes hard, as her body gently presses against his erection. She looks awkward, feeling it, as his arm slides against her. They get closer, lips coming closer.

Amiria bursts backwards, her face turned and looking down the floor. William quickly turns and tries to sit down behind the tray with empty dishes, hoping to hide the erection his brain doesn't want to accept that she already felt.

"I-I-I'm so sorry. I'm so, so, so sorry. I... I think maybe the jetlag..." he stutters. His heart drops into his belly, fearing he was now fired.

"William... I'm very flattered..." she looks at the floor, her face turned away.

"Amiria, I never mean to disrespect you."

"William, I need you to understand something."

"Yes, ma'am."

"I understand it was an accident. Things like this do happen. Sometimes the body will do as it will, regardless."

"Ma'am, I-"

"LISTEN!"

".........."

"I was not born a woman, exactly. I am a woman, but did not receive the body of one. A unfortunate condition."

"Ohhh...."

"Do you understand?"

"Yes. You are transgender?"

"I am a woman. Who is unfortunately in the body of a man."

"I.........yes, ma'am."

"Sighhh......I hope this...has not, negatively effected our business arrangement. I realize some people harbor prejudices, no matter how ignorant or based from misunderstanding their own scriptures and gods."

William stands up, despising the sense of disgust she shows on her twisted lips.

"Well, I am not one of those people, Amiria. I've suffered prejudice all my life because of how I was born. Trust me, I understand. I understand so well, that I refuse to ever return to some places." he says, thinking of Illinois. "And honestly, you are the most beautiful, most amazing, most enchanting woman I have ever met in my life."

Her reddish eyes flash at him with a look of surprise. Unexpected. As if she's not just taken by surprise, but never has been taken by surprise.
