 I had always considered myself open minded about sex, but was also a committed heterosexual male. That all changed one night. I was with a couple I had been with before. We had enjoyed several evenings of sex which revolved around soundly fucking Renee. Ron and I had never touched each other sexually. Near the end of this particular evening, Renee was sucking Ron's cock as I watched. Ron came in her mouth and I assumed she had swallowed his load as she always does. Renee eventually worked her way over to me. She started to kiss me. When she slipped her tongue into my mouth I realized she had not swallowed Ron's cum but was instead sharing it with me. For some reason, I was turned on beyond belief. I french kissed her and took all the cum she would share with me. I naturally swallowed all she would give me. When she was finished, she looked at me and asked me if I liked it. I did not say a word but had a big smile on my face. We got dressed and I left their home wondering what had just happened.

On the way home, I could not get out of my mind that I had swallowed Ron's cum. I was not sure what I thought about it, but I had a hard on as I recalled all that had happened that night. As I tried to sleep that night, I could only think about the taste of Ron's cum in my mouth. As the night went on I began to entertain thoughts about getting more of Ron's cum myself. I was fantasizing about sucking his cock, taking his cum load into my mouth and swallowing it completely. I was so hot, I was ready to cum again. As I continued to image myself kneeling in front of Ron sucking his cock, I was stroking my cock. As I imagined Ron cumming in my mouth, my cock burst my own load all over my hand and belly. When I calmed down, I could not resist licking my cum off my hand and then scooping up the remainder of my orgasm and licking it off my fingers and swallowing it. I finally fell asleep.

When I woke up the next day, I had another hard on and I could still taste cum in my mouth. I got up and took a shower. I really did not want to eat or drink anything because I wanted to enjoy the taste of cum in my mouth. I eventually did have a cup of coffee as I sat naked in my kitchen. Every time I recalled the night before, my cock would hardened. I kept fantasizing about sucking Ron's cock and swallowing his cum. I tried to put my cocksucking fantasy out of mind, but it kept coming back. I finally gave in and stroked my cock until I came all the time dreaming about sucking Ron's cock and swallowing his load. I of course licked my own cum up and swallowed it. I could not figure out what had come over me. I had never wanted to taste cum, let alone suck a cock. But here I was dreaming of sucking a real man's cock and swallowing his cum. My orgasm quieted me down for a while, but by evening I was back to my fantasy. I held off until I went to bed, but could not sleep without masturbating to my cocksucking fantasy and then licking up my own cum.

When I woke up the next morning, I knew what I had to do. After I arrived at work, I rehearse what I would do. I would call Ron and come right out and ask him if I could suck his cock. It took me a while to get up the courage, but around 10 am, I called Ron at his office. After some small talk, I got real serious and told him I had something to ask him. I blurted out that I just had to suck his cock. He snickered a bit. He said Renee had told him I would call him to ask him if I could do just that. She had evidently told him about what she had done to me two evening before. I was stunned but glad he did not laugh at me or get mad. After what seemed like an hour of silence, he told me I could suck his cock if I wanted to. I asked him when and where. He said if I was so anxious, I could come to his office at lunch and do him. I was shaking as I agreed to be at his office around 11:45.

I could not contain myself as I prepared to leave. I told my secretary I would be out for lunch and might not be back until later on. I left a little earlier that I needed to, but I was really anxious to "scratch my itch". When I got to his office and told his receptionist I was there to see him, she said I did not have an appointment. I told her to call him. When she did, he told her to escort me back to his office. When we got there, he was not there. She had me take a seat and told me he would be right back. 

I was alone in his office for about 5 minutes before Ron came in. When he came into the office, he closed the door and locked it. He had a sly grin on his face as he walked over to his desk, turned to face me and lean on the front of the desk. He spoke first.

"So, you want to suck this, huh?" as he grabbed his crotch. I told him about the past day or so. I told him I just had to find out what it was like. He told me he was not going to let me suck his cock unless I was naked. I did not care and immediately stood up and stripped out of my clothes. When I was naked, he told me to come over to him and kneel in front of him. Once I was on my knees, he told me to open his pants. When I unzipped his pants and reached in, I found his cock semi hard. He was not wearing any underwear. I pulled his cock out and licked the head. I was possessed with the desire to suck his cock. He murmured a sound and I took that as sign he wanted me to continue. I took his cock into my mouth and began to work my tongue on the underside of his cock and it swelled in my mouth. 

Once he was fully erect, he grabbed my head and began to slowly fuck my mouth. I was just in heaven sucking his cock and bobbing my head up and down on the mushroomed dong. I gagged a little as he fucked me deep into my mouth. I was in heaven as I took more and more of his cock into my mouth and down my throat. Just as I was getting into a rhythm, I felt his cock swell up and he started fucking my mouth harder. I knew what was coming and I prepared to take his load in my mouth. I had to feel it spurt into my mouth, taste it and then swallow it. It took about 10 more seconds before his cock just let loose. I knew I could handle the load. I just sucked and swallowed. He finished in 10 or 15 seconds and I was officially a cocksucker. 

When he finished and I had cleaned all the cum off his cock, I leaned back on my haunches and looked up to him. His eyes were still closed. When he opened them, he smiled and told me I was just as good a cocksucker as Renee. He asked me if it was what I expected and I nodded my head and smiled. He put his cock back in his pants and sat in a chair by the window. I just sat there naked. I just felt comfortable sitting naked in front of the first man whose cock I had just sucked. I knew this was not the last time I would be sitting naked in front of a man who's cock I had just sucked. I was hooked. We talked a bit and the discussion came to where I would go next with my sexuality. I just knew that bisexual was where I was headed and I was anxious to get on with it. I knew I would be sucking more cocks and I suspected I had to try anal sex.