 I first met James at a Christmas party my parents were throwing. He was the contractor they had hired to put together the new house they were building as an anniversary gift to each other. It would be a lot bigger than the two stories, three-bedroom house I had grown up in, which meant that there would be plenty of room for either me or my sister if we needed it, which wasn't something I was about to complain about, considering that at twenty four, I was about to run back home with my tail between my legs.

Needless to say, it wasn't looking like my best Christmas ever. For someone who moved out at eighteen and never looked back, I was not exactly looking forward to moving back in with mom and dad, especially because I would have some explaining to do.

They lived in the small town of Park City, Utah. If you've ever been there then you know it's a great tourist spot for skiing, and it wasn't without its charms. But, for someone who grew up there, I'd have to say that it wasn't my favorite place in the world. Most of the locals I remembered were stuck up rich kids who didn't give you the time of day.

My sister, Jen, was three years older and she too, moved out when she was eighteen. She ended up in Phoenix, and ended up marrying a pilot a year later. Nice guy, but he's never around, so it's mostly just my sister and her four-year-old daughter now.

As for me, I followed my sister to Phoenix. We always were close. I did the trade school thing and got a job working as a paralegal in one of the local law firms. In my free time I'd help out with my niece, and the rest of the time I was busy getting myself in a world of trouble that eventually forced me to move back in with my parents.

Let me explain. See, my sister is the only one who really knows everything about my life. She's known that I had a preference for the same sex since we were kids. She always did bug me to tell my parents about it, but there was no way I was going to do that. Not even after I moved away from home.

Besides, by then I was still dating Ashley. A nice Catholic girl who grew up in the same neighborhood as me and then followed me down to Arizona to go to college. My folks loved her, and after a year away from home we moved into a small apartment together. I think everyone was expecting a wedding, including Ashley.

Then, I met Aaron.

Okay, it wasn't as innocent as just meeting someone. I loved Ashley, I really did, but more as a second sister than anything. We had sex, but there was definitely something missing from it, and it reached the point that I could hardly get it up for her anymore without closing my eyes and picturing broad shoulders, narrow hips and that one big difference between men and women. 

So, I went cruising at a gay bar, and hooked up with one of the first guys I met. Aaron. What was supposed to be a one-time thing turned into a relationship. Aaron was a nice guy. Too nice. He knew about Ashley and he was okay with it for a while. But when he figured out that I wasn't planning on leaving her any time soon he started demanding more from me, which I was in no way prepared for.

Around the same time, Ashley was pressing for couples counseling because I didn't want to sleep with her anymore. She was too sweet to accuse me of cheating, but she turned feral when I refused the counseling. Then she wanted to know when I was going to marry her. Between Ashley and Aaron I think I'd succeeded in making a pretty good mess of things.

My sister warned me it would happen, but I never really was any good at listening to her. It was just before Halloween when I was seen walking out of a club with Aaron. 

By Ashley's best friend.

After Ashley was finished screaming at me, she threw me out. I was paying most of the rent at our apartment, but I was really in no position to argue with her. Besides, Aaron was more than happy to take me in. 

That lasted a whole two weeks before we figured out that other than great sex, we couldn't stand each other. He was a slob and I kept alphabetizing the soup cans in his cupboard. We drove each other crazy. It became painfully obvious that things weren't going to work out.

So, I moved in with my sister. It was only supposed to be temporarily, her husband was never home and she liked the extra help with her daughter. But then, shit hit the fan again and I lost my job after the law firm went belly up after loosing a malpractice claim against them.

Merry fucking Christmas to me.

Well, I spent a month looking for another job with no luck, while my savings was slowly disappearing and I was still paying my half of the rent at mine and Ashley's apartment. My sister told me that I could stay, but there was no way I was going let my life fall apart in front of her when she already had a husband who was never home and a four year old to take care of.

So mom and dad to the rescue. 

Just before Christmas, I made the call. I explained that I'd lost my job and Ashley dumped me. My mom was devastated about Ashley, so when she began to threaten a phone call to my ex girlfriend, I assured my mother that I deserved it, but I didn't elaborate. Then, after I convinced her that I would not be working things out with Ashley, she insisted I come home. I didn't even have to ask.

So, I arrived a week before Christmas, just in time for the annual party my parents had with all of their friends and extended family, and a few people from my dad's dental practice, where it was decided that I would be doing secretarial work until I found another job.

The party was at the old house, because the new one wasn't finished yet, and it was crowded. My sister was there, but she was too busy with my niece to help me fend of curious relatives wanting to know what happened to Ashley.

Once everyone seemed to know that I was single again, every aunt turned matchmaker started introducing me to eligible young women at the party. My mother was included among these matchmakers, so there was no avoiding it. 

Before dinner I was able to sneak away for a little while, at least. I went to hide in my old room, which was the same as it was when I left it. Same gray wallpaper, same twin sized bed. My old computer was there, and so was my old stash of well-used magazines under the loose floorboard in front of my desk. Let's just say that they weren't the same magazines that you'd find in any 'normal' teenage boys room and my sister had even borrowed them from me once or twice.

Now, earlier in the evening, I had met James only briefly. My father had introduced him to me when people first started arriving. My first thought was, James seemed entirely out of place among the sea of people in holiday sweaters and strong perfumes in his faded jeans and black mesh shirt. When I found out who he was, my second thought was that there was no way I would have figured this guy to be a contractor that my dad would hire in a million years. He looked more like a guy off an album cover for a rock band. 

He couldn't even have been much older than me. He was tall and had a body that came from years of hard work, not a gym. He had short black hair that he kept spiky, several piercings up both of his ears, a hoop in his left eyebrow, and a stud in his chin. There was a spider tattoo on the back of his neck, and I was just guessing that if I got him undressed that I would find more surprises.

I had never gone for the piercing and tattoo look myself, but I had to admit that James was a good looking guy. On top of that appealing body he had great features, green eyes surrounded by long black lashes, sharp lines that seemed to make up his face, but full, kissable lips.

My introduction to him was only a brief one, but he seemed to be as uninterested to be at the party as I was. Throughout the night though, I had learned a little more about him. 

Apparently, he didn't have any family and my mother had invited him to join us for Christmas next week. Actually, invite would be too nice a word where my mother was involved. The poor guy probably had no choice in the matter. 

I also leaned that I was not the only one that night who had to deal with would-be matchmakers. James was introduced to his share of possible mates, so I heard. But other than meeting him at the door, I hadn't seen him at all since then. That wasn't surprising with all of the people my parents had invited. They were everywhere. Including in my room when I went to hide in it.

At least, James was in my room.

He was definitely the last person I was expecting. Especially there, in MY room. With MY loose floorboard propped up, and one of MY magazines in his hands as he flipped through it. An old issue of playgirl. 

I swear I about had a heart attack. The only person who I was 'out' to in my family was my sister. Not even her husband new. I'd had those magazines stashed away for over six years and my very nosey mother had yet to find them. Leave it to a nosy contractor to stumble upon my little hiding place, and my biggest secret.

The asshole didn't even bat one of those pretty eyes when I walked in. He just stood there, glanced up, and flipped to the next page while I stood there trying to remove my jaw from the floor.

"So this is your room?" he asked casually.

I tried to expel several things from my mouth, hoping that I would end up saying something clever, but instead, I ended up stuttering out an incoherent string of nonsense before I opted to snatch the magazine out of his hand and shove it back under the floorboard.

"What the hell are you doing in here?" I finally got out.

He was still stunned from my rude repossession of the magazine, and when I looked up from sliding the board back in place he finally got to see just how freaked out I was. And then he had the nerve to smile. It was a great smile of straight white teeth, but I wanted to wipe it off his face.

"Hey, sorry." He said, "I didn't mean to intrude. This was just the only room in the whole house that seemed quiet. You're Cameron junior, right?"

That's right. Cameron Jay Pruitt junior, after my father. I hated the junior part. You'd think my parents could have taken the extra five minutes to find me my own name for the birth certificate.

I ignored the hand James was offering me to shake and glowered at him. But I'm sure I wasn't very intimidating. At twenty-four I could still pass for eighteen, not standing an inch over five-ten.

"It's Cam." I replied, "Now look, about what you saw, it's not what you think, so…"

He was smiling again. Damn him. Didn't he know that this was serious? I couldn't have him informing my family and extended family about my personal life.

"I'm sure it's exactly what I think it is." He said smugly.

I just gaped at him. 

"Who the hell do you think you are?" I demanded.

He had the nerve to offer me his hand, smiling again, "James Phelman. You're parents hired me to…"

"I know who you are!" I waved his hand away. He was really starting to get to me, and I didn't need this kind of trouble right now. I was already homeless; if my parents discovered the real reason why Ashley dumped me I'd be completely screwed. "Will you just get out of here already?"

I threw myself down on my bed and assumed the defeated position of elbows on knees, head in hands. And I waited to hear the door close. It never did. When I felt the bed dip and looked up to see James sitting calmly next to me I glared daggers at him. 

"Look," he sighed, toying with the stud in his chin, "I didn't mean to upset you. I just came in here to get away for a while and noticed your board was loose." He made it a point to gesture to the ground, "that kind of thing drives me crazy. I was going to fix it for you, but then I saw the magazines and I guess I got a little distracted. But seriously, you can relax. I don't plan on saying anything."

"Fine." I said coldly.

"You know," he said after a moment of more of my scowling, "Someone should really help you get into the Christmas spirit."

"Well, James, I'm not exactly in the mood for it this year."

"So I hear. Lost your job, lost you're girl. I bet I can guess why you lost the girl." He smirked, "And now you're moving back home. I can see why you're down."

It didn't surprise me that he knew all of that about me. My mother liked to gossip.

"Yeah, well, what would you know about it?" I retorted.

"Nothing I guess," he replied with a wan smile. And then suddenly stood up, prompting me to do the same. "But, if you get tired of your own pity party, and if you decide that you're ready to stop hiding before you're mother sets you up with the next Mrs. Right. Come on over, I might just be able to help you find that Christmas spirit after all."

He handed me a card with an address and phone number on it while I stared in disbelief, and then he walked out the door. 

Did he just make a pass at me?

Well duh! Why else would he be so interested in those magazines? I really needed to work on my gaydar. And my people skills. 

………….

Two nights later, I tossed in my small bed, wondering what the hell I was going to do with my life. I needed to find a job, but my mother was kind enough to inform me that it was in bad taste to do so during the Christmas season, but I could hardly just relax and not think about it. If I had to live with my parents and work in my father's office any longer than absolutely necessary, I would go positively insane. Especially after two full days of stringing more Christmas lights, helping to bake holiday cookies and last minute shopping on the very crowded main street. 

I needed to get out of that house. I needed to get out of that town.

I just needed to get out.

Funny, how while I was sick and tired of everyone trying to jam their Christmas cheer down my throat, all I could think about was James and his insistence that I find my Christmas spirit. 

I absently reached for the card he had given me, where I had placed it on my nightstand next to my cell phone. I stared at it for a few minutes, wondering about the possibilities.

I hadn't been laid since my last night with Aaron, and I could imagine the pros of getting together with James for a few hours. He was hot and there was no denying that. I wouldn't mind rolling around with him for a few hours, not at all.

When I finally, instinctively reached for my rapidly inflating cock from thinking about the possibilities, I reached for my phone too. But then I dropped the phone and looked at the card again. There was an address. James didn't say to call; he said to come over. 

Park City wasn't a very big place; I could be there in five minutes. Now, the only question was, did I have the guts to go over there? He was practically a stranger to me. He was working for my parents. If I went through with this, would things get complicated?

Fuck it. If I didn't get laid soon I was going to go out of my mind anyways. There's only so much masturbation can do before you start craving another warm, sweaty body pressed against you and a nice tight ass to hold onto.

I dressed in my jeans and white sweater before I pulled on my heavier jacket, to fight the cold that I still wasn't used to from spending so much time in Arizona. 

It was only nine o'clock but I managed to get out without alerting my parents, or my sister, which was a miracle in itself. I climbed into my subaru and I looked at the card again. I was familiar with the street name. I made it there in less than five minutes and looked up at the duplex I had parked in front of it. I looked closely at the addresses in front of both separate entrances, and was glad to see that the lights were on at the address James had given me.

I got out of my car before I could change my mind and the next thing I knew I was knocking on a door decorated with a lit up wreath. When it opened, and James stood there in an old pair of flannel pajamas he didn't even look surprised to see me.

Well wasn't he presumptuous. 

"Nice P.J.s" I remarked.

He leaned on his doorframe with his arms crossed, that smug look never leaving his face.

"Hello, Cam. Come to find that Christmas spirit, did you?"

I came looking for something spirited, but I doubt it had anything to do with Christmas. I was suddenly starting to think that this was a bad idea. James might have been hot, but there was no way I was in the mood to put up with his arrogant bullshit.

"Never mind." I scowled, not hesitating to turn around and make my leave. I wasn't prepared for the way his strong hand wrapped around my arm and he practically swung me through the opened door and into the warmth of his home. "Hey!" I objected as he gave me a pat on the back and passed me by.

"Drink?" he called as he made his way towards the kitchen.

"Yeah." I huffed, taking a moment to look around.

His home wasn't at all what I was expecting. A large rug covered the hardwood floor running over the entire living room, except for where it met tile in front of a burning fireplace. There was one hall on the other side of the front door, leading to two closed doors, and the living room opened up into the kitchen. I could see him as he opened a cabinet for some glasses.

The ceiling was vaulted and there was a long wooden staircase leading up to a loft. The whole place was open and clean and smelled like cinnamon. And for a single guy, he certainly made a point of decorating for Christmas. 

There were lights strung up and a tall, decorated tree in the corner. A red tablecloth was set over the coffee table and it was topped with a collection of Christmas snow globes and angel figurines. 

This was not at all what I was expecting.

I walked towards the Christmas tree and upon closer inspection I saw that all the ornaments were little framed pictures of children. I leaned forward, inspecting it closer and I didn't hear James come back.

"So, your family too much for you?" he asked.

"Yeah." I sighed; taking the drink he was offering me. I guess at this point I shouldn't have been surprised that it was eggnog. At least he used extra nog. "What's with all the kids?" I asked.

James looked at his tree and reached out to flick one of the ornaments. 

"Every year I sponsor Christmas for a few kids who don't have much." he shrugged. "They always send me an ornament like this after the holidays." Then he turned and headed towards the three-piece leather sofa in the room, "do you want to sit down?"

I followed him to the couch and silently sipped my eggnog as we stared into the fire. It gave me time to think, which wasn't necessarily a good thing. I was beginning to feel like an asshole.

James was obviously a nice guy. I wasn't. I strung along my girlfriend and my boyfriend until I got caught, and then ran home to mommy and daddy when shit hit the fan. On top of that, I'd been throwing myself a pity party when my whole ordeal was my fault in the first place.

Except for the job. It wasn't my fault that I lost my job.

But at least I had somewhere to run to when I needed it. I had my family, as obnoxious as they were. But James didn't have that. He was all alone. Something about seeing him all alone in a home decorated for Christmas with nothing but the nameless ornaments to keep him company depressed me.

I also felt terrible for showing up on his doorstep expecting a quick fix. Now I had a feeling that James didn't have one night stands. He wasn't picking me up when he invited me over. He invited me over because he was lonely.

Damn. I could be a real dumb ass sometimes. 

"So, uh, where's your family?" I asked.

I should have known that was not the right thing to ask. James's handsome face darkened and he stared straight ahead when he answered.

"My parents passed away when I was really young." He replied, "My brother raised me. He's in Huston now. We don't really talk any more."

I didn't have to ask why James and his brother didn't talk. It was the exact same reason why I was afraid to tell my parents that I was gay.
