 The old house sat on a low hill, overlooking the river below. It was a large home, gracious, regal, exactly what one would expect of an old southern home. Its brick facade covered the L shape of the house, the shorter wing jutting off the back and remaining mostly hidden from view, with only the odd chimney poking up to give away its presence. Evan's family had lived in this house for generations, it was the family home, where he had been born, raised, and if he had his way, the place he would one day die.

But none of that was on his mind right now. His primary concern as he awoke in the grey dawn hours, was the aching hardon between his legs, and the intense urge to pee. With a groan, he tossed the covers of his large bed aside and rolled. He sat on the edge of the bed for a moment, running his hands through his dark hair. He sighed as he noticed the sheen of sweat that covered his entire naked body. He hated feeling sticky, and right now, it was bad enough that the light downy covering of dark hair that covered his chest, abdomen, and thickened between his legs. With another sigh, he stood up and stretched. It was going to be another hot day.

He quickly crossed the room, and stepped into the attached bathroom. It was one of the many features of the house that he loved, every bedroom, had its own attached bathroom, a renovation an ancestor had done sometime in the 1920's had installed modern indoor plumbing, clawfoot tubs, and classic fixtures. After hunching over and pushing his hardon downward to pee into the toilet and bracing himself against the wall with his other hand, he groaned as his bladder emptied. Rising up, he glanced at himself in the mirror and took a moment to regard the face staring back at him. The stubble on his cheeks wasn't yet heavy enough for him to worry about shaving, in fact the slight stubble seemed to accentuate his goatee and mustache, giving him a slightly more rugged look, and the dark chocolate brown eyes seemed to smile at anyone who looked at them.

Quickly, he turned on the shower, letting the water run for just a moment to take the chill off before stepping in, and letting the cool water run down his body. He sighed as he relaxed, cooling off. He hated the heat. Glancing down, he once again became aware of the thick seven inches of hard cock between his legs. With a grumble, he wrapped his hand around the base and stroked. It only took a moment before he threw his head back and groaned, his length swelling and releasing a long stream of thick white cum.

Cleaning up, he turned off the shower, and stepped out. Drying took little time, and within the span of a few minutes, he was dressed in khaki's, and a loose blue dress shirt, with brown loafers. As he snagged his glasses off the bedside table, he headed out the door and into the hallway. He pulled his glasses one as he walked down one of the two parallel staircases that graced the foyer of the house. He turned and proceeded through the backroom of the house that they currently used as a music room, complete with a grand piano as the centerpiece of the room. He smiled as he ran his fingers over its smooth curves and hummed on his way into the kitchen.

As he stepped into the kitchen, he was greeted by the familiar smell of his grandmother's biscuits. Even at 68, Evan's grandmother Eva insisted on being up at sunrise, with a pan of her buttery flakey biscuits in the oven for her family to enjoy when they awoke. This morning, he found her sitting at the kitchen island, sipping a cup of jasmine tea, his family's favorite. He smiled and crossed the kitchen and placed a soft kiss upon the top of her grey haired head. With a smile she set her cup down and gestured at the stove. "The biscuits should be done dear," she said, in her soft melodious voice. It was a trait she had passed onto her daughter, and grandchildren. Each was a gifted singer, with soft velvety voices.

Evan grinned and crossed to the eight burner stove with its double ovens. It had been retrofit for gas long ago, and it cooked the best meals in the Louisville area. As he opened one of the ovens, he grabbed one of the heavy kitchen towels to grab and pull the pan out. Twelve gloriously golden biscuits waited on the pan, which he set atop the stove. "Mmmm," he sighed in his soft tenor voice, "You know I love your biscuits, Gram."

"And so do we," said his sister Natalia as she entered the kitchen, their brother Alexander right behind her. Both had similiar features to their older brother, Evan, the same dark eyes, and hair, though Alex's was a shade lighter. At 22, Natalia was in her senior year at the University of Louisville, with Alex, at 20, in his junior year. He'd made it onto the football team this year, and they had a big game coming up next weekend. Alex though, was much taller than Evan, and broader in the shoulders. The running joke in the family was to call Evan the 'baby brother', even though he was 28.

With a chuckle, Evan grabbed five plates from the cupboard and set them on the granite countertop of the island. He never had quite figured out what his grandmother was thinking when she had redone the entire kitchen in white, even if it was beautiful. From the fridge, he grabbed the butter, and two small jars, one of strawberry jam that they had made earlier in the summer, and the other of honey. Sitting them on the island with the plates, he grabbed one, and placed two biscuits on it. Smothering them in butter, he topped one with the strawberry jam, and the other with honey. Taking a seat at the island across from his grandmother, his sister handed him a cup of tea. "So, another exciting day at school for the two of you?"

His sister rolled her eyes. "Oh yes, so exciting."

Alex smirked, and raised his fist into the air. "Go Cardinals."

Evan had finished his biscuits, and was nearly finished with his tea when his mother Alyssa strolled in. She had hair the same shade as Alex's, but the dark eyes all three of her children shared. With a smile, Evan took the last sip of his tea, and stood. He crossed the kitchen and kissed his grandmother's cheek, followed by his mother's. "Off to work."

She sighed and smiled. "Good morning to you too, Evan."

With a laugh, Evan stepped out of the kitchen.

----------

Evan's office in the hospital was small, quiet, and comfortable. He had a window that looked out onto the courtyard, and a view of the rest of the campus. He hummed softly as he read over the patient reports. As a psychologist, he spent his days counseling the sick, the dying, the injured, and their families. He enjoyed working at University Hospital, especially since he was often able to grab lunch with his brother or sister, and occassionally both. Today, however, had not been such a day. It was unusually hot for September in Louisville, Kentucky, and with the heat came a whole range of health issues. Still, the day was almost over, and he would be glad to head home soon.

As he finished reading the reports, he stood, and grabbing the stack, left his office. It was a short walk to the nurse's station to drop off the files. He was leaning against the counter and chatting with his cousin Amy, who was a nurse, when a soft cough grabbed his attention. He turned to see a man standing behind him. He was shorter than Evan's 5'10, perhaps 5'7, with black hair, a round innocent face, and deep blue eyes. Evan caught himself staring, and cleared his throat.

His cousin Amy just smiled. Evan's preference was no secret, he'd come out to the family years ago, and in true form, their grandmother's response had been "Okay, can you get me a soda?" Still, she knew Evan hadn't been with anyone in at least five years. With a soft smile, she turned her blonde hair and good looks onto the new arrival. "Hello sweetie. Can I help you?"

The man looked around, seemingly confused as he held up a box, one from the local bakery. "Delivery. Its to a..." he glanced down at the slip of paper in one hand, nearly dropping the box.

Instinctively, Evan reached out, catching it, his fingers brushing against the strangers.

The man blushed slightly. "...Sorry." His voice was a shade deeper than Evan's and smooth.

Evan smiled and shook his head. "Not a problem."

As the man reclaimed the box, he continued. "Its to a Mrs. Henderson. Room, 4024?"

Amy nodded. "You're on the right floor." She glanced at Evan and smirked. "Since you're not busy Ev, why don't you show him the way? You know how easy it is to get turned around back there."

Evan chuckled and nodded. "Fine." He smiled at the man and gestured towards the hallway. "Its this way." He turned and headed off, glancing back to ensure that the man was indeed following. "I'm Evan, by the way. Evan Corinth, resident psychologist."

The man sped up just enough to walk beside him, and smiled. "Joshua Hamilton, but everyone calls me Josh. Thanks for leading the way."

Evan smiled. "Not a problem, Josh. Amy's right, its easy to get lost back here." A series of turns and Josh had to agree, he was completely lost. Evan continued talking as they walked. "You must be new in town. I've not seen you around before, and I'm at Shelly's Bakery all the time. My grandmother loves their creampuffs."

Josh blinked. "How did you know where I worked?"

Evan pointed at the box. Its bright purple would stand out in a crowd, and the stylized S.B. was hard to miss. "No one else has a box like that." He chuckled.

Josh blushed again slightly. "Oh." He was quiet the rest of the way until they stopped before a door.

Evan gestured at it. "Room 4024. I'll wait here if you like, and show you the way out."

Josh nodded. And stepped into the room after knocking lightly.

Evan took a breath once he was alone. The slight touch had sent electricity running through him, and the way this man blushed and the sound of his voice was driving him insane. He quickly composed himself as Josh stepped back into the hallway. Evan smiled, and gestured in the way they had come. "Shall we?" He was pleased to see Josh smile, even if it was only slightly.

----------

Josh's heart was pounding as he stood outside the door to Evan's office. He had said he needed to grab his keys, but as soon as he had opened the door, the phone had rung.

As he waited, Josh paced in front of the door, mumbling to himself. "Just breathe. He can't possibly be attracted to you. Guy like that has to be married or at least have a girlfriend." He stopped and stared at the door as it opened, and Evan stepped through.

"Sorry," Evan smiled. "It was my grandmother. Seems I'll be following you back to the bakery, assuming that's where you're heading. She wants me to pick up a few things...seems she and mother are having a few of their friends over for tea." He laughed. "I called and gave my brother and sister the heads up, they're going to grab dinner and a movie with some friends."

Josh nodded. "Its okay, I didn't mind." He couldn't stop himself from asking, "So, what are you going to do for dinner then?"

Evan smiled, one eyebrow raising slightly in surprise. "I hadn't thought about it. Probably just pick up some takeout, and head home."

Josh nodded. "Oh."

"Why, care to join me? Assuming you're free and all," Evan cocked his head to the side.

Josh stammered for a moment. "Uh...um...I dunno. I mean...I'm not sure where 'home' is."

Evan laughed. "Sorry. Up in Oldham, just outside of River Bluff. We can grab something to eat in town."

Josh found himself nodding. "Sure. I'm staying with a friend in Crestwood, so I can meet you."

Evan nodded. "Its a date then. We can work out the details after we get to Shelly's."

Josh blushed slightly at the mention of the word 'date'. He could only hope that Evan hadn't noticed.

----------

Shelly's Bakery was quiet, given the time of day. Evan waited patiently as the owner, Shelly Martin, filled one of the signature purple boxes with pastries. With a smile he paid for them and turned, noticing Josh standing outside waiting for him. Tossing a wave of his shoulder, he headed out the door. "Thanks Shelly!"

Evan smiled as he stepped out the door. "So, about dinner." Josh grinned. Evan talked as he walked towards his car, an efficient dark blue SUV. "I was thinking of Ambrosia Cafe. Its in River Bluff. Good food. And since its Monday, there will be a life band." He glanced at Josh and flashed a half smile.

Josh nodded. "Sounds good. I'll meet you there in..." He glanced at his watch and sighed. "An hour. The bus doesn't run for another twenty minutes."

Evan blinked as he opened the back door of his car and set the box of pastries inside. "Bus? You don't have a car?"

Josh shook his head. "No. I just moved here last month. I haven't even found an apartment yet. Like I said earlier, I'm staying with a friend."

Evan nodded. "Why don't you ride with me? I have to drop these off at the house. And I can drop you at your friend's afterwards. I don't mind."

Josh chewed his bottom lip. "Are you sure?"

Evan watched as Josh worked his lower lip, and strained to keep himself from kissing him. He nodded. "Very," and smiled.

----------

Josh stood staring at the large brick house before him. As they had made the drive, Evan had told him about his family, and the house. When he'd learned they lived with his grandmother, he'd expected something sizeable, but nothing like the house before him.

"Holy shit! You LIVE here?!" he exclaimed as he had gotten out of the car.

Evan had just laughed and nodded. "Yep." The house was huge, a full two stories, with dormers in the attic, meaning there would be rooms there as well. And, as he had been told, there was a full basement, a small guest house, and a garage with a small one room apartment over it that had been the carriage house. Evan gestured for Josh to follow, which he did, and spoke as they stepped onto the porch, and into the two story foyer with the parallel staircases. "It was built in 1853, by my great-great-great grandfather. ...There could be another great in there, I'm not sure." He flashed a smile, and walked into the music room, heading towards the kitchen.

When Josh saw the piano, he stopped. "Wow." Evan turned to watch him as he slowly stepped up to the black lacquered piano. "Can I?"

Evan smiled and nodded. "Sure. I'm just going to set these in the kitchen," he said, and stepped through the double doors. He placed the purple box of pastires on the island and hummed to himself. He stopped and listened as he heard the soft notes of "To Where You Are" coming from the music room. Quietly, he turned, and opened the door.

Josh didn't notice as he played and sang, his deep tenor just above a whisper. "...Can it be, that you are mine, forever love? And you are watching over me from up above?"

Evan smiled and joined in with the chorus, singing in his high clear tenor. "Fly me up to where you are, beyond the distant star, I wish upon tonight to see you smile, if only for awhile, to know you're there. A breath away's not far to where you are."

Josh stopped playing and singing. With a smile, he stood slowly. "One of my favorite songs."

Evan nodded. "Mine too." He smiled. "So...ready for dinner?"

----------

Ambrosia Cafe sat on the corner of First and Main in a building that dated to the 20's. It was one of the few restraunts in the small town, and being on the first floor of a corner building, it had lots of windows that filled the dining area with light. Outside, a dozen or so small tables sat. Inside was similiar, with roughly sixteen small tables with red and white checkered cloths, and a long wooden counter that ran the length of dining area. Ambrosia was known for two things; its food, and its selection of teas.

As they stepped inside, they were greeted by a short blonde haired middle aged woman. "Evan!" she exclaimed, and immediately through her arms around his neck, which was quite a feat, considering she was only 5'1. "Why didn't you let me know you were coming?"

Evan smiled as he returned the hug. "Because I didn't know until just a bit ago. Gram and mother are having their friends over, for tea." He chuckled as he released, and turned to face Josh, who looked thoroughly confused.

Lisa flashed a smile when she saw Josh, and poked Evan in the ribs. "Who is your friend dear?"

Evan squirmed for a moment as he answered. "Aunt Lisa, meet Josh. We just met today. Josh, this is my aunt, Lisa. She owns this place."

Josh nodded. "Ma'am."

Lisa smiled and shook her head. "Call me Lisa dear, or Auntie." She turned and lead the way through the small restraunt. It wasn't quite the dinner rush yet, so the place only had a few patrons, but within an hour or two, it would be packed, both inside and out, with a line forming down the sidewalk most likely.

As they sat, Lisa, took out a pad and pencil. "So what will you have dears?" She glanced at Evan. "The usual?"

Evan nodded. "Please."

Josh blinked as he glanced about for a menu. "Um...what's the usual?"

"Oh! Silly me!" Lisa looked around for a menu. "I'm so used to people just knowing what they want. I'm sorry sweetie...just...let me find...a ...damn menu!" She huffed.

Evan laughed. "The usual, is her homemade chicken pot pie, with glass of sweet tea."

Josh nodded. "That sounds good, make it two."

Lisa blinked as she turned and nodded, giving up her search for the menu. "Okay sweetie. Two pot pies, and teas, coming up."

As she left for the kitchen, Josh leaned forward and grinned. "You didn't tell me your aunt owned the place. Or that you live in a mansion. What, does your family own the whole town too?"

Evan chuckled and shook his head. "No. My aunt opened this place up twenty years ago, when I was a kid. I spent my high school years working here after school. The place is always packed at lunch and dinner, and on game nights, forget even trying to get in."

"Here's your tea," said Lisa as she returned with a tray carrying two large glasses of iced tea, and two steaming bowls, the tops of which were covered in a flakey pie crust. "And your pies. Just finished baking the first batch for the dinner rush." She smiled as she placed the food and drinks on the table. Once she finished, she stepped back, and just as Evan was about to take his first bite of one of his aunt's favorite dishes, she asked, "So, Evan. Is he your new boyfriend?"

Evan stopped, letting his spoon come to rest in the bowl of pot pie, while his other hand came up to cover his face. With a sigh, he looked at his aunt. "No, Auntie. He's not. I hadn't told him yet."

Lisa's jaw dropped. "Oh...oh...I'm sorry." She blushed, and quickly excused herself.

When Evan looked back, Josh was staring at him. "You're...gay?" he asked.

Evan nodded. "Sorry if its a problem. I swear, I wasn't trying to seduce you or anything, just being friendly."

Josh shook his head. "Its not a problem. Just a little shocked is all." He took a bite of the pot pie, and had to admit, it was excellent. "But...you weren't trying to seduce me?"

Evan blushed slightly, quickly stuffing a large spoonful of the pot pie mixture into his mouth. He swallowed before answering. "Maybe just a little..."

Josh grinned. The remainder of the meal was spent in idle conversation. It wasn't until they had finished that Josh leaned forward with his hand. "You have something on your chin." Lightly, his fingers pressed against Evan's chin as he brushed his thumb over his chin. Evan kept his goatee well trimmed, leaving a clear place on either side of the soul patch that ran from his lower lip downward to join with the rest.

Instinctively, Evan nuzzled at the hand, causing Josh to blush and pull away. Clearing his throat, Evan stood up. "Sorry...I'll...go pay."

Josh took a breath and stood, his heart pounding in his ears as he crossed the small restraunt to wait at the door.

