 Evan groaned as he rolled onto his back, the familiar throbbing between his legs causing him to sigh. Sitting up, he glanced at the clock. 9:30am. It was Saturday, and he had the day off. Sliding his hands up into his thick brown hair, he tossled it before swinging his bare legs over the side of his bed. Standing, he quickly pulled on a pair of pajama pants, and a tee shirt. He quickly slipped into the bathroom to relieve himself, before heading to the room next to his, that Josh had been staying in for the last two weeks.

Knocking on the door, he stepped inside only to find it empty. With a sigh, he shut the door, and turned to head downstairs. A moment later, he was stepping into the kitchen, his bare feet not making a sound on the hardwood floor. Standing before the stove, with his back to the door, was Josh, wearing only a pair of boxers and a tee shirt. Smiling, Evan crossed the kitchen and slid an arm around Josh's waist. Josh jumped, causing Evan to laugh softly, but the moment he pressed his lips to Josh's neck, he leaned back against Evan with a sigh.

"Mm...I'd know that prickle anywhere..." he said, referring to Evan's goatee. Turning his head slightly, he pressed a soft kiss to Evan's lips. "Morning."

Evan smiled as he nuzzled into Josh's neck. "Morning angel." They had yet to take their relationship to the next level, but Evan was happy. He peered over Josh's shoulder, simultaneously pressing a kiss to his cheek. "Whatcha making?"

Josh grinned. "Chicken hash. I thought I'd give your grandmother a break."

Evan laughed and released Josh, as he moved to take a set of plates from the cabinet. "Sure. You mean you feel guilty that she won't let you pay to stay here, or do any of the house work beside pick up your room."

Josh turned and stuck his tongue out at Evan.

Evan chuckled as he set the plates on the island. The family usually ate breakfast and lunch in the kitchen, or in the garden if the weather permitted, with the dining room reserved for dinner. He hummed softly as he set about making a pot of tea. Softly, he began to sing in his high clear tenor. "On the first day of January, 1892...they opened Ellis Island, and they let the people through. And the first to cross the threshold, of that isle of hope and tears, was Annie Moore from Ireland, who was all of fifteen years..."

As if on cue, Josh joined in, singing in harmony with his deeper tenor. "Isle of hope, isle of tears...isle of freedom, isle of fears, but its not the isle you left behind...that isle of hunger, isle of pain...isle you'll never see again...but the isle of home is always on your mind."

"I thought I heard the two of you," said Natalia as she entered the kitchen, and took a seat at the island.

Josh smiled as he took the hash off the stove and began plating. Evan grabbed the now perfectly steeped pot of tea and began pouring. It was only a matter of moments before the rest of the family had joined them.

Breakfast passed quietly, and before long, Evan and Josh, now dressed, stood in the foyer of the house. They were laughing and talking as they headed out the front door. As soon as Josh stepped onto the porch, he stopped, and stared at the scene. Someone had scrawled the words "You're Mine" on the porch, the sidewalk, the garage and cars repeatedly in what looked to be blood.

Josh trembled, his breathing quickening. Evan knew what he was thinking, and quickly pulled him back into the house.

"Shh, baby, its okay," he tried to reassure him. "Talia! Call the police!" he shouted to his sister as he guided Josh into the living room, and sat him on the couch. The living room, like every other room in the house, had classic furniture, many of the pieces being antique. Still, the family found it comfortable.

As he sat, Josh began to babble. "He's not going to leave me alone, he won't! He won't stop! I have to hide, I have to!" His eyes were tearing up, even as Evan pulled him to his chest.

"You're safe, angel," Evan nuzzled his ear.

Josh shook his head. "No, I'm not..."

----------

The afternoon passed slowly for Evan. He had sent Josh up to lay down, thinking the rest would help him, while he had set about scrubbing every surface he could find. He'd been able to remove most of the blood easily. The police had said it was chicken's blood, available at a butcher's shop, and they were looking into the incident.

Finally finishing, Evan slowly made his way up the stairs. Softly knocking on the door to Josh's room, he was surprised to find it partially ajar. Pushing it open, he found his sister sitting on the bed, a worried look on her face. Stepping inside, he looked around the room. "Where's Josh, Talia?"

Natalia stood up, and handed him a folded letter. "He's gone Ev." Without another word, she stepped out of the room.

Evan stared at the folded letter for a moment before he opened it. It was clearly Josh's handwriting. Slowly, taking a breath, Evan began to read.

Evan,

I have to go baby. I have to. Tom won't leave us alone. I love you.

Evan sat on the side of the bed and stared at the letter until well after the sun had set, and left the room dark. Evan was still staring at the letter when his mother Alyssa came and sat beside him.

Alyssa quietly put her arm around her son. When she finally spoke, it was barely above a whisper. "He left to protect you, you know."

Evan said nothing.

Lightly, Alyssa kissed his cheek. "He'll be back sweetie. You'll see."

In the darkness, Evan could only lean against his mother as he fought to keep his world from crumbling.

----------

The next few days, Evan stayed home. It was unusual for him to take time off work, but the hospital had been happy to let him use a few of his vacation days. He stayed in his room for the most part, only coming out to eat. By the time Friday came, he looked like hell, not having shaved since the weekend. As Sunday was Halloween, his family had decided to go to one of the multitude of parties they had been invited to. Evan had declined. As the sun began to set, the soft patter of rain could be heard, and in the distance was the soft rumble of thunder. Sighing, Evan headed into the bathroom, deciding he might as well get on with life. Quickly, he showered, and shaved, and threw on a comfortable pair of jeans, and a tee. Barefoot, he padded down the stairs to the living room, and settled on the couch to watch a movie.

Just as he was getting comfortable, a bright flash of lightning, and a crack of thunder sent the entire room into darkness as the power went out. Sighing, Evan leaned his head back against the couch and stared at the ceiling. "Are...you...kidding me!" He huffed, and stood up, and wandered towards the dark stairs that lead to the cellar of the old house. He snatched one of the flashlights from the wall where they normally hung, and turning it on, made his way into the inky blackness of the basement.

He quickly passed through the laundry area, and the storage rooms. As a child, Evan had been afraid of the dark basement, with its stacked stone walls, and dark rooms. Now though, as an adult, he often found its dark depths a calming sanctuary. It only took him a moment to find the breakers for the house. A quick check told him that they were all in working order, and that the power was out due to the storm. As he made his way back upstairs, he grabbed a box of pillar candles that were kept for times such as these, as it wasn't unusual for the power to go out during storms.

Once upstairs, he began placing candles in the main rooms of the first floor of the house. In the absolute silence of the house, the storms raging fury could be heard clearly. Deciding that a fire would be necessary before long, he made his way into the living room, and set to the task of building a fire in the fireplace. He had just finished when there was a knock at the door. "Always something," he mumbled as he stood, dusted off his hands, and made his way to the front door.

Expecting to find a neighbor, or the like standing on the other side of the double doors, he was stunned when he saw who it was. Standing on the porch, his eyes red, his hair dripping, and his clothing soaking wet, was Josh.

"I'm sorry, I had to try and keep..." Josh began, trembling as he spoke from the wind and rain.

Evan shook his head. "No." For a moment, Josh's lower lip quivered, thinking that he was about to be told off. Instead, he found himself pulled into the house and wrapped in a tight embrace. "You left to try and protect me," Evan whispered in his ear as he held him.

The days of pent up frustration, fear, anger, and heartache finally broke through, and Josh sobbed. Shutting the door, Evan lead him into the house. "Baby, you're soaking wet. You're going to be sick," he said, as he lead him up the stairs. He lead Josh into his bedroom, only leaving his side long enough to light a few candles, and to grab a towel from the bathroom. When he stepped back into the bedroom, Josh was standing exactly where he had left him, shivering. Evan sat the towel on the bed, and wrapped his arms around him. "Need to get you out of these clothes, angel." Josh nodded, but remained still.

Evan moved slowly, sliding his hands under Josh's shirt and lifting it slowly upward. Josh raised his arms up as Evan slid the shirt over his head. As Evan tossed the shirt aside, Josh kicked his shoes off, and used his feet to push his socks down and finally kick them off as well. As Josh was left in only his jeans, Evan became aware of the fact that he'd never seen him naked. Swallowing hard, he placed his hands on Josh's waist, his fingers moved to undo the single button, and to lower the zipper. Taking a breath, Evan grabbed the waistline of the jeans, and quickly tugged them down. Josh stepped out of them, kicking them to the side, and was left in just his boxers.

Evan tried to ignore the building fire in his belly as he reached for the towel, but Josh's voice broke his focus. "Boxers are soaking wet too," he said in a soft voice. Evan turned to look at him and nodded. Josh was blushing as Evan moved in front of him. As he kneeled, Josh drew in a sharp breath.

Evan smiled slightly and let his eyes take in Josh's slender form. His chest showed hints of muscle, and his belly was a smooth plane, except for a triangle of dark hair that started just below his navel and spread out at his waistline, covering the slight pudge of a belly. Slowly, Evan slide his hands up Josh's legs, over his hips and part way up his sides. Closing his eyes, Evan leaned in and pressed a soft kiss to Josh's stomach. As he felt Josh's hand on the back of his head, and heard the soft sigh of pleasure, he slid his hands down, catching the waistline of the boxers, and slid them downward. Instantly, he became aware of Josh's musky scent. As he slid his hands back up Josh's legs, and let them come to rest on his waist, he pressed another kiss to Josh's stomach, and dipped the tip of his tongue into his navel. Restraining himself, Evan stood slowly, keeping his hands on Josh's waist. He pressed a kiss to Josh's lips, and was rewarded with a soft whimper from him.

"I missed you," Evan said as he pressed another kiss to Josh's lips, this one ended with a soft nip to his lower lip.

"I missed you too," Josh whispered.

Noticing the soft weight poking against his thigh, Evan looked down. His eyes followed the patch of hair below Josh's navel to below his waistline, where it thickened into a dark curly patch. Jutting out from it, was the rigid six inches of Josh's cock, and below, the full orbs of his balls. Once more, Josh's voice broke his focus. "You're wet too."

Blinking, Evan looked up. "What?"

Josh smiled slightly, and pinched the front of Evan's shirt, and pulled the fabric away from his skin. "Your clothes. They're wet." Without waiting for a response, Josh grabbed the fabric of Evan's shirt, and lifted, pulling it up and over his head. As soon as it was off, Josh pressed his lips to Evan's and let his hands slide down over his hairy chest. With a soft moan, he slid his hands down over Evan's hairy belly, and popped the button on his jeans. Quickly, he slid the zipper down, and pushed the jeans downward. Unlike Josh, Evan never wore underwear of any kind, so the moment the jeans were off, he stood naked, his thick seven inch cock stood proud amidst the thick bush of dark pubic hair.

Josh wound his arms around Evan's waist, and pressed his face into his shoulder. "I'm sorry."

Evan smiled, and wrapped both arms tightly around Josh. "Nothing to be sorry for baby." He kissed the top of Josh's head.

Josh squeezed Evan slightly as he whispered. "I need you."

Evan tilted his head so that he could nuzzle Josh's cheek. "I'm here baby."

Josh shook his head. "No...I mean..." He pushed his hips forward, to grind his swollen cock against Evan's. "I need you."

Evan became intimately aware of the heat from Josh's body, even as he himself blushed. Evan swallowed hard. "Should get you into bed...so you can get warm."

Josh squeezed a little tighter. "Staying with me?"

Evan nodded. "As long as you want me." He slid his hands down to Josh's bottom, and lifted. As if by instinct, Josh wrapped his arms around Evan's neck, and his legs around his waist. Now holding him, Evan carried Josh to his large bed. They settled in quickly, Evan on his back, and Josh snuggled into his side under the mass of quilts.

After a moment, Josh shifted and moved to straddle Evan, and pressed his ass down against Evan's groin. He raised up slightly, and rocked his hips. "Need you," he whispered.

Evan groaned, his hands slid instinctively up to grasp Josh's hips, as he ground his crotch against Josh's bottom. "Are...you sure?"

Josh nodded as he slid his hands up to rest on Evan's chest, and let his fingers brush through the hair. "Very." Josh slowly slid himself downward, lowering his face as he did. Once he had settled between Evan's thighs, he pressed a kiss to the center of his belly and let his tongue slip out to leave a matted wet spot in the dark hair. Lower still he went before stopping to nuzzle at Evan's navel, and to bit lightly. "Mine," Josh whispered.

Evan's heart pounded. "Your's." Josh grinned, and licked Evan's stomach lightly. Downward, he continued, as Evan caressed the back of Josh's head, a soft sigh escaping him. When Josh's lips brushed against his cock, he moaned. Breathing in Evan's musky scent, Josh opened his mouth and wrapped his lips around the thick head of Evan's length. It was all Evan could do to keep himself from thrusting up into Josh's warm, wet mouth. Slowly, Josh began to take more of Evan's throbbing cock, his head rose and fell as he sucked. Giving in to instinct, Evan lightly thrust his hips upward, alternating between moaning, and sighing softly. Quickly, he felt his orgasm rising, as Josh continued to suck. "Fuck...baby...I'm so close." Evan whimpered, as his orgasm built. Suddenly, Josh stopped, leaving Evan to gasp. "Why are you stopping?"

Josh smiled as he moved to straddle Evan's waist once more. "Because I'm not done with you." He pushed his hips down, sending Evan's slick cock between the cheeks of his ass. As the head rubbed over his tight pucker, Josh groaned. "Fuck..." He leaned in close, catching Evan's mouth in a kiss. "...Need you," he whispered.

Evan growled, and wrapped both arms tightly around Josh's waist and rolled. Evan was taller, and heavier than Josh, and he used his superior weight to good effect, and pinned Josh beneath him. He slid his arms up Josh's sides and raised his arms up to pin Josh's hands over his head. Leaning in, Evan kissed him, nipping his lower lip when he did. He shifted slightly and kissed the center of Josh's chest, quickly moving downward. Instead of going for Josh's cock, Evan nuzzled his inner thigh, and pushed his legs towards his chest, exposing Josh's tight pucker. Pressing his face into Josh's bottom, Evan licked lightly, teasing the edges of his tight hole with the tip of his tongue.

Josh squirmed, the prickling of Evan's goatee, and the touch of his tongue sending waves of pleasure through his body. He pressed his hands against the back of Evan's head. "Oh...yea!" he cried out as he felt Evan's tongue push into his ass. Josh trembled as Evan's tongue began to thrust in and out of his pucker. The pleasure was intense, and it ended all too quickly.

Evan raised up, letting his hips settle between Josh's he stretched out above him with his arms keeping him aloft. Grinning, he pressed a long kiss to Josh's mouth. As they broke apart, Evan reached for the drawer of the bedside table, and brought out a bottle of lube. He raised up once more, as he opened the bottle and poured a healthy amount of the slick liquid onto his fingers. Josh spread his legs further, and pulled his knees up towards his chest. As Evan smeared the slippery substance around Josh's tight opening, he stroked himself with one hand, coating it in the lube as well. After a moment, Evan shifted forward, letting one hand guide the head of his cock to press against Josh's pucker, while the other caressed his thigh. With slow, gentle pressure, he pushed his hips forward, and eased the head of his cock into Josh's tight muscle ring, forcing it open, and stretching it around his thick cock.

Josh hissed through his teeth as he was penetrated, the stinging pain burning away beneath the aching need building inside of him. As Evan slowly slid more of his length in, he moved to once more hold himself aloft over Josh. Finally, Josh felt the soft brush of Evan's pubic hair against his balls as he hilted himself. Josh wound his arms around Evan's neck, and wrapped his legs tightly around his waist.

Evan nuzzled into Josh's neck as he pressed down against him. Slowly, Evan withdrew halfway, and thrust himself home once more, only to reverse and withdraw once more. Each thrust drove Josh wild as his entire body seemed to vibrate around Evan's cock. As the thrusting picked up speed, their bodies melded together, grinding, pressing. Evan adjusted occassionally, changing the angle of his thrusts just enough to press the head of his cock against Josh's prostate. Between this, and having Evan's hairy belly grind against his own swollen cock, Josh was quickly brought to the edge. Amidst the sweat, and their entangled bodies, Josh cried out as his cock erupted, spewing hot jets of cum over both himself and Evan.

Evan groaned as Josh's tight muscle ring spasmed with his orgasm. With a final, powerful thrust, he erupted in Josh's tight ass, spilling his seed. Collapsing atop his lover, Evan sighed. "Fuck..."

Josh grinned, and pressed a kiss to Evan's mouth. "Again?"

Evan chuckled. "Not just yet." He nuzzled into Josh's neck, and held him tight as he rolled onto his back.

With a sigh, Josh groped for the blanket and pulled it up over them as he settled in atop Evan. "Mkay..." He closed his eyes, and yawned.

Evan pressed a kiss to his forehead. "Sleep angel."

Josh mumbled something unintelligible as he slowly dozed off.