 It was still dark and storming when Evan awoke. He glanced over to find Josh still sound asleep. Leaning over, he placed a kiss on Josh's forehead, who mumbled and snuggled deeper into the bed. Smiling, Evan slipped out of bed, and pulled on a pair of sweats and shirt.

Quietly, Evan made his way downstairs. The power was still out, and the candles throughout the house were burning low. Sighing, he made his way to the basement to grab another set of pillar candles. He quickly replaced most of the candles in the house, and finally made his way into the foyer. On the table beside one of the staircases was a small note that read: I know where you are.

Evan knew no one in the house had left that note, and he had a very clear idea of who had. Growling, he shredded the note, and threw it in the trash. It would be another hour before Evan returned to bed, going over each of the windows, and doors, making sure the house was secure.

----------

The rain continued through to Halloween. Josh and Evan had fallen into a routine once more, though Josh was now staying in Evan's room. They were changing into costumes they had gone to get the day before. Evan was putting the final touches onto his classic Dracula costume.

"Damn," said Josh, as he came out of the bathroom. He was wearing pale green tights, and a green tunic as part of his Peter Pan costume.

Evan turned and flashed a grin, showing of the prosthetic fangs. "Yes, angel?"

Josh grinned as he took in Evan's Victorian outfit, complete with the red ruffles at the neck and wrists. With his hair slicked back, and black contacts rather than glasses, he looked dark and mysterious.

Josh stepped forward, and slid his arms around Evan's neck. "Bite me," he said as he leaned in for a kiss.

Evan smirked before pressing a soft kiss to Josh's lips. As they parted, he lightly bit Josh's bottom lip, giving it a tug before releasing. "Consider yourself bitten."

Josh grinned as he stepped away. He quickly pulled on the leather belt of his costume, and stepped into the soft leather shoes. As he placed the hat on his head, he asked, "So, what exactly does this party entail?"

Evan chuckled. "Nervous?" When Josh nodded, Evan stepped forward and placed a kiss on his forehead. "Don't be. Its tradition. Every year, my family opens the house at Halloween. Anyone can come in, have some cider, candy, visit, and enjoy themselves. As far as I know, there aren't many other parties on Halloween in River Bluff." He smiled and slipped his arms around Josh's waist. "And the kids love to come here, seems we give out the best candy."

Josh sighed as he shook his head. "I would fall in love with a socialite, wouldn't I?"

Evan smirked. "I'm hardly a socialite, love."

Moments later, they found themselves handing out mugs of hot cider to guests, and candy to the children of the town. The evening passed, and before long, the last of the guests were leaving. It was nearly midnight, as Evan carried the last of the dirty mugs into the kitchen, and began to load the dishwasher. "So, did you enjoy yourself?"

Josh nodded. "Yeah, I'm glad its over though. Where is everyone else?"

Evan closed the dishwasher. As he stood, he slid his arms around Josh's waist. "In bed, Talia and Alex have school in the morning, and Mom and Gram are usually in bed long before now." As he leaned in for a kiss, a soft roll of thunder could be heard in the distance, and the first drops of rain began to peck at the windows. Evan sighed and rested his forehead against Josh's. "More rain."

Josh smiled, and leaned up to press a kiss to Evan's mouth. "Just the season I suppose."

Evan nodded. "Its usually rainy in the fall." He glanced around the kitchen, taking in the stack of dishes that would need to be done in the morning. He turned back and pulled Josh in against him, hugging him close. "We should go on to bed, angel."

Josh pulled back and smirked. "You just want to get me naked."

Evan grinned. "Of course I do. There'd be something wrong if I didn't want to get you naked."

Josh shook his head and rolled his eyes, the small smile betrayed his amusement though. "Right."

As they made their way out of the kitchen, Evan switched off the lights. He was turning off the lights in the music room, and moving into the foyer when he noticed Josh standing and staring at something in his hands. As Evan came up behind him, he noticed the small folded piece of paper in his hands. Written upon it were the words: I'm watching. It only took Evan a moment to notice that Josh was trembling. Quietly, he slid his arms around Josh's slender waist, and pulled him back against him. "Don't worry, baby. He can't hurt us."

Josh turned in the circle of Evan's arms, and looked up at him. "Yes. He can."

----------

"His name is Tom Ryland," began Josh. Evan sat beside him on the bed in his room, listening to his story. "I met him when I was 19. At first, it was great, he treated me well, took me out, bought me things. And then about six months after we started dating, he invited one of his friends over. One thing led to another, and I ended up in bed with both of them." Josh hung his head and sighed. "That is when the abuse started. He beat on me, told me I was worthless, called me a whore. But that wasn't the worst part." When Josh looked up, there were tears in his eyes. "He let his friends use me as their personal fuck toy. They paid him, and I bent over and took it...or Tom would beat me until I'd submit."

At this point, Evan was red faced with rage. He slid one arm around Josh's waist and pulled him close. "Its okay, angel. He won't hurt you again, I promise." Josh just sat there silently.

The night passed slowly, with sleep coming in spurts for Evan. By the time the sun rose, he had long since given up sleeping, and instead was downstairs in the kitchen, scrubbing every surface he could. It was grey outside, with rain falling in sheets, and thunder rolling through the sky. He didn't notice the soft footsteps behind him, nor the familiar smell of perfume. In fact, it wasn't until she cleared her throat, that Evan whipped around in surprise to see his grandmother Eva.

Smiling, Eva sat on one of the barstools at the island. "Something on your mind dear?"

Evan huffed, and turned back towards the sink to resume scrubbing the pot he had in one hand. "Oh, what makes you think that, Gram?" he asked as he furiously scrubbed the inside of the pot.

Eva glanced about as she answered. "Oh, I don't know. Perhaps the fact that you have the kitchen clean enough that if light were shined on it, you could signal the Moon? Or the fact that if you keep scrubbing that pot, you'll wear the bottom out of it."

With a sigh, Evan's shoulders drooped as he set the pot aside. "There was another note left in the house last night," he said without turning around. "He was here. Josh is terrified, I didn't sleep much, and...I don't know..." He turned as he heard his grandmother rising from the barstool.

Stepping up to Evan, Eva smiled, and reached up to pat his cheek. "You've always hated it when things were out of your control. Always have to protect the ones you love. And my boy, I do believe you are very much in love with Joshua."

Evan nodded. "Yes ma'am." He glanced down as he spoke. "He's the first one since Scott died. And I feel like I can't protect Josh anymore than I could him."

Nodding, Eva hugged her grandson. "That wasn't your fault. Accidents happen, and had it not been for that drunk driver, you'd have lived happily ever after with Scott. But, its time to move on and let yourself be happy. Scott would have wanted that." She stepped back and smiled once more. "Now, this situation though, I might be able to help with."

Evan nodded and watched as his grandmother walked across the kitchen, and picked up the phone. He chuckled softly when the first words out of her mouth were "Hello, Alice?" Alice Krenshaw had served as a judge in Oldham County for the last twenty years, and she just happened to be one of Eva's closest friends.

"Oh, I'm just fine dear. How is your daughter?" Evan listened to his grandmother's end of the conversation. "Pregnant again? Congratulations! We'll have to have a shower! We could do a lovely garden party and..." He cleared his throat and grinned as his grandmother turned and blinked at him, remembering the reason for her phone call in the first place.

"Oh, Alice, dear. Do you remember that horrible incident last week? Yes, the one with the blood all over the porch." Eva listened for a moment before continuing. "Oh, really? Well, it seems someone has been leaving notes for my grandson and his partner, rather threatening and ominous in tone." She listened again, nodding the entire time. "Yes, well, we think it might be Joshua's former boyfriend, a Tom Ryland...Yes, the same one who caused the horrible scene at the hospital." Eva blinked as she listened. "I see. Oh? That would be lovely dear! I'll send the boys over right after breakfast." She glanced at Evan and smiled. "Of course dear, I'll see you this afternoon for tea? ...Wonderful. Goodbye dear."

As she hung up the phone, Eva turned and smiled at Evan. "It seems Judge Krenshaw takes a rather dim view on people who assault others in a hospital. And since Joshua is now staying here, he will fall under it as well."

Evan blinked. "That's all fine and dandy Gram, but...fall under what?"

Eva huffed. "A restraining order of course!"

Evan smirked. "Of course. I forgot, I'm supposed to read minds."

Smiling, Eva crossed the kitchen to once more pat Evan's cheek. "That is what you went to college for dear."

Laughing, Evan shook his head. "That was for Psychology, not Telepathy."

Eva turned, and waved her hand as she headed out of the kitchen. "Same thing. Its all about getting into someone's mind. You just happen to be polite about it."

----------

For the first time in what seemed like days, Evan was able to relax. With the restraining order now in place, he felt some measure of safety. As he stood in the doorway to his room, he leaned against the doorjamb, with his arms crossed and quietly watched as Josh danced around the room in nothing but a pair of boxers and a t-shirt. The stereo was playing some dance mix while Josh folded laundry, and Evan learned just how entertaining his lover could be. It wasn't until Josh turned around, wiggling in a particularly energetic move, that he saw Evan and squealed. "How long have you been standing there?!"

Evan laughed and stepped into the room, quickly sliding his arms around Josh's waist and pressing a kiss to his mouth. "Not nearly long enough." It was then that the CD in the stereo changed. Josh's taste in music was extremely varied, much like Evan's, and it seemed entirely fitting at that moment when the song I'll Stand By You began to play. With a small smile, Evan sang along with the chorus. "I'll stand by you. I'll stand by you, won't let no body hurt you. I'll stand by you..."

Josh smiled and slid his arms around Evan's chest as he snuggled into it. "Promise?" he asked.

Evan simply nodded. "Promise."

----------

Evan stood in his room, completely naked. The sun had long since set, and through the window, the faint lights of Louisville kept the horizon just slightly lighter than the rest of the midnight blue sky. It was Friday night, and after a long week, Josh and Evan were going out. Though, at the moment, Evan was more concerned with the two pairs of pants that lay on the bed in front of him. One, a pair of tan khakis, and the other, a comfortable pair of black jeans. He sighed as he looked back and forth between the two.

Josh stepped out of the bathroom, already dressed in a dark blue shirt that accentuated his blue eyes, and a pair of faded jeans. He smiled as he regarded Evan's back, and let his eyes follow the line of his spine, from his shoulders, down to his hips and the small love handles. Stepping forward, he slid his arms around Evan's waist, and let his finger tips brush over the dark hair that covered his belly as he nuzzled at the back of his neck. "We could just stay in tonight, you know."

Letting his hand fall to rest atop Josh's, Evan chuckled. "Yea, but we need to get out a little. I just can't decide on black...or tan."

Josh leaned to the side, peering over Evan's shoulder. Seeing the black jeans, he nodded. "Black," he said before pressing a kiss to his shoulder, and letting the tip of his tongue flick against the flesh.

Shivering, Evan picked up the black jeans. "Black it is then." Stepping away from Josh, he quickly pulled them on, followed by a red button down shirt. Now dressed, he turned to face Josh, and grinned. "How do I look?"

Josh pressed a kiss to Evan's chin, and let his lips brush over the prickly hair of his goatee. "I love you in red..."

----------

The beat of the music was almost infectious as Josh pulled Evan onto the dance floor. "Just one dance," Josh whined.

Evan sighed. He had never been particularly good at modern dancing, a friend had once commented that he looked as though he were having a seizure. He preferred the more classical dances, such as the waltz. With a small smile, he nodded. "Fine. One dance, but when everyone is laughing at us, don't say I didn't warn you."

With a grin, Josh pressed up against him as the dance floor filled with people, and the beat of the music took on a more rhythmic feel. "No one will be watching, so I'm not worried," Josh pressed a kiss to Evan's mouth. "Besides, its just an excuse to be close."

Evan laughed. "Right, of course." One dance led to two, and then a third. Before he knew it, they had been on the floor for almost an hour. As a particularly fast and heavy song began to play, Evan pulled Josh towards the edge of the floor. "I need to rest, feet are starting to hurt."

Nodding, Josh followed Evan to a small table, and settled in. He yawned as he stretched, and leaned back in his chair. "You were right, we did need to get out of the house." Leaning forward, he let his arms fold onto the table, followed a moment later by his head.

The music continued to play as Evan relaxed, watching Josh. "Tired baby?" he asked.

It took Josh a moment to open his eyes and nod. He sat up slowly, yawning once more. "Yea...getting kind of sleepy."

Evan stood, and nodded. "We should head home then. Kind of tired myself."

Slowly, Josh stood up, and stretched. As he brought his arms down, he curled them around Evan's neck, and pressed a kiss to his mouth. "I love you, you know that?"

Smiling, Evan nuzzled against Josh's temple. "I love you too, angel. Let's go home."

Neither of them noticed the figure who had watched them all evening, nor did they notice when they were followed out of the club.

----------

The dark back roads in and around River Bluff were as familiar to Evan as the back of his hand. Driving them required little focus, and at this time of night, they were almost completely empty. Almost.

As they drove, Evan kept glancing at the rearview mirror, and the headlights of the car following them. Occasionally, he would glance over at Josh, who was dozing quietly in the passenger seat. Speeding up, Evan watched as the car behind them fell back, only to speed forward a moment later. With a sigh, he glanced over at Josh once more. "Baby. I need you to wake up."

Josh opened his eyes slowly. "Mm? What? Are we home?" He sat up and looked around, taking in the dark roads around them.

Evan shook his head slightly. "No. We're being followed. Tighten your seatbelt." With one hand, he tightened his own seatbelt.

Doing as he was told, Josh glanced over at Evan. "Why? What are you going to do?"

Grinning, Evan reached down, and grabbed the manual shifter that was used to shift the SUV into four wheel drive. "We're going off-roading." He shifted the car, and hit the gas, the SUV instantly slowing, but picking up in power as all four wheels pulled the vehicle forward. "Hang on!" He said, and turned the wheel hard, taking the SUV off the road and into the fields.

Josh bounced around in the passenger seat as the went off road. "Why are we doing this?"

Evan glanced at the headlights in his mirror that had turned off into the field as well. "Trying to lose whoever it is that's following us. I doubt they know the terrain like I do." Evan grinned as they hit a mud hole, and the front and side of the SUV were covered in muck. "This is almost fun."

Groaning, Josh grabbed onto the handle on the ceiling above the door. "I would fall for a damn farm boy..."

As he was about to retort, Evan lurched forward as the SUV shook, being hit from behind. "Fuck!" He glanced over his shoulder as the vehicle trailing them fell back, and started to speed up again. "Oh hell."

"Did he just hit us?" asked Josh, as he frantically looked over his shoulder.

Evan nodded. "Yea, and it looks like he's about to again!"

Evan lurched forward as the SUV shook again. He glanced over at Josh, and nodded. "Gonna try something. Hold on." The moment Josh nodded, Evan slammed his foot on the gas, sending the SUV hurtling forward as it accelerated. He kept his eyes on the hedgerow ahead of him, seemingly judging the distance. Beside him, Josh was getting nervous.

"Slow down baby...slow down! TURN! SOMETHING! We're gonna hit that!" Josh pushed himself back into the seat as he tried to retreat from the impending crash.

"Almost..." mumbled Evan. "Now!" In what could have been no more than ten feet from the hedgerow, Evan grabbed the handle of the emergency brake, and turned the wheel, sending the SUV into a spin. A split second later, they were speeding away from the hedgerow, and past the car that had been chasing them. A moment later, the sound of metal screaming, and crunching could be heard from behind them.

Slowing the SUV down, Evan swore. "Fuck." He quickly brought the car to a stop.

"What're you doing?!" shouted Josh. "We need to get away from here! Whoever that is, is trying to kill us!"

Evan shook his head. "Whoever that is, has got to be pretty badly hurt, or dead." As he got out of the SUV, Evan turned. "Lock the doors, use your cell and call the police." He reached behind the driver's seat and pulled up a heavy black flashlight. "I'll be back in just a sec." Slamming the door, he headed towards the hedgerow.

Flipping the flashlight on, Evan followed the tire tracks through the field to the hedgerow. He could see the red tail lights of the car peeking over the top, though the rest of the car was obscured by the mound. "Hello!" he called out. Not receiving a response, he climbed over the mound and down, landing on his feet on the driver side of the car. He noticed that the door was open, and stepping up to it, scanned the interior with the flashlight.

"The hell...?" he asked, as he found no one inside the car. It was then that he heard the shot.

----------

Josh sat in the SUV. "Come on!" he said as he shook his cell phone. "Just one bar. Just one..." He breathed a sigh of relief as the phone lit up as it picked up the local tower's signal. "Finally." He quickly punched in 9-1-1, and waited as the phone rang once, and was picked up.

"Hello!" he shouted into the phone. "There's been an accident. We're in a field, off of River Road..." Hearing the snap of twigs, Josh looked up and out his window expecting to see the face of Evan. Instead, he was greeted by the barrel of a gun, and the bloody face of Tom Ryland. Dropping the phone, Josh tried to hide.

The first shot missed him, but broke through the glass of his window. Tom swung the hand holding the gun, shattering what was left of the now weakened glass. He didn't seem to car that he was cutting his hand and arm. "You're mine, bitch!" he shouted. Pointing the gun at Josh, he smirked. "You're mine forever."

----------

Evan heard the second shot as he raced towards the SUV. He didn't recognize the figure in front of him, and without thinking, he swung out with the heavy black flashlight. With a sickening crack, the flashlight made contact with Tom's skull, and without a word, he crumpled to the ground beside the SUV.
