 Over my long years of life I had enjoyed a trim and fit body. That is until this past winter. My pant waist became tight. It seemed like it happened over night but of course that is not true. 

Thinking back, I never made a New Year's resolution before this year. This year was the exception. I told myself I had to get back into shape and quick. I'm a vain person for sure.

In my neighborhood I found three nice gyms to work out at. I picked the one furtherest from my home, it was the biggest and nicest. I told myself I would devote one hour a day to excising. 

I quickly got into the training, using the treadmills and transporters. I started out slow and carefully working longer and harder as the days past by. After a couple of weeks I even started using the weight machines. After my workout I would go into the steam room or sauna to heat my muscles even more. I found this very relaxing in one since and sexy in another.

There just isn't too many places where one can sit around close to nude. This time spent in the steam room allowed me to show off, my more than ample cock. This minor exhibition of my body, excited my mind. 

Weeks of spending time in the steam room went by uneventful. Until this one day.

The steam had just shut down, leaving the twelve by eight room thick with over head steam. It was impossible to see who entered the room, as the door was on the end. I was sitting on the "L" shaped title bench on the upper level. My legs where spread wide.

The guy sat down on the far end of the room near the door. He pulled the towel from his waist and leaned back against the wall. My eyes tried to focus better in the dense steam. I noticed his forearm moving and with intense interest I watched him.

When I was sure he was stroking himself, I turned towards him and took my own cock into my hand. Leaning back against the wall, I started stroking myself. My cock was rock hard in less than a minute and I continued stroking despite the fact I was so excited. I knew I would blow my load quickly unless I slowed down.

I had let go of my cock and started rubbing my nipples when the guy stood. He picked up his towel and slowly moved towards me.

His body was trim and muscled, a much younger man then me. He dropped his towel down on the step in front me. His cock was rock hard and pointed upwards. The guy knelt down on the lower bench and took hold of my balls. His mouth opened as his head was lowering towards my raging hard on.

Taking me into his wet mouth he slid all of me down his throat. I could feel my long cock bending to match the curvature of his throat. My balls boiled in his warm wet hand. I let out a murmur and emptied into his mouth. I had a long and hard orgasm, squirt after squirt.

When he let my cock fall out of his mouth, I watched to see if he would swallow or spit. He did neither.

The guy stood up. His cock wagging in front of me, he took my cum from his mouth into his hand and greased his cock with it. 

In a low soft voice he told me to turn around. I stepped down to the lower level and bent over the upper bench. His touch tensed me. I was not sure what he would do, although I had an idea.

I looked back at this young face and trim body. He smiled at and stuck his finger into my ass. Between the steam and the cum on his fingers I was lubed enough for him to enter me. I spread me legs even more, inviting him to take me.

As he worked my ass with his middle finger he caused my cock to firm up again. I knew this would feel so good. I reached down and stroked my cock to a full erection. Then I felt changing positions behind me, then the his cock head pushing up against me. Our bodies where so slippery and my ass so tight he had some time opening me up with his cock.

Finally he hit the magic spot and I winced in pain as his cock head entered me. He was nice, waiting until I had adjusted my ass for his intrusion. When I started pushing back at his he know I wanted more. 

Slowly this young stud pushed his cock deeper and deeper into me. Soon he was holding onto my hips pounding with all of his force. 

I had to use my arm to brace myself with each of his thrusts. My cock was swinging between my legs when he let out his moan. I knew he was filling me with his hot spurts of cum. I felt him relax.

Just as he relaxed I heard the door handle of the steam room starting to open. I stood quickly and felt his cock disgorge from inside of me. I grabbed my towel and sat down quickly. The young stud twirled around and held his towel in front of his cock.

The other man entered the steam room. I could tell he was blinded by the steam in the air. As this second man looked around the room I adjusted my position towards the corner of the room. My sex buddy walked out the door.

The new man threw his towel on the bench and sat down. I, out of breath and dripping wet, sat there for a moment. When my cock went limp I stood wrapping the towel around my waist and walked out of the steam room and headed for the showers.