 Chapter 73: Wedding Planner





"Almost got'em! Almost got'em!" Luther said out loud as he strains on his reel.

 "Not so hard! You'll break the damn thing!!" Captain growled.

 "It's breaking the surface!" Adam exclaimed as he sees the fish thrash about as it is pulled up from the sea, up on the super tall docks.

 "Easy... Easy..." Captain pulls the line manually as Luther reels in the slag while Adam stands by with a large net. Adam laughs with glee as the flailing catch is lowered into the green net and captured.

 "Whoo!" Luther huffed as he wiped his sweaty brow, "Dayum, that took a few hours off my life."

 "You'll git over it." Captain slaps his back, "Nice catch there, Bryant."

 "Anytime there, Grugger." Luther replied.

 "Fishboy," Captain takes out his camera, and holds it out for Adam, "Make yourself useful and take a picture of us with this thing."

 "Heheh, aye-aye Captain." Adam accepts the camera, as Luther and Captain stand side-by-side, holding the large fish. Luther and Captain go way back – they went to college together for several years – Adam was practically guaranteed a job at the Fish House when he moved to Hawaii, being the son of a very good old friend. 

 Luther even introduced Captain to his currently estranged wife... Needless to say Captain's family life is a bit dicey. "Alright, hooold..." Adam aims the lens, and waited a moment for the two older men to pose, before snapping the picture. "Got it." He winds the dial for a moment, "Ok, Dad, your phone." Adam exchanged the old camera for Luther's Smartphone, and took the same picture with it.

 "There we go. I'm headed off, Captain." Adam said as he takes off his uniform cap, and wipes off some sweat with his sleeve.

 "Alright alright, fuck off now." Captain crowled as he walks away.

 "I'll wait for you at the fish stands inside, boy." Luther said, "There's something I need to tell you in there."

 "Oh, sure." Adam said before he and his father walked in different directions.



Moments later, Adam strides in, wearing his casual clothing, and spotting Luther waiting for him over by the ice bed full of halibut. "Hey Dad!" He came up to him quickly, slinging his pack over his shoulder, "So what did you want to talk about?"

 "Alright, so..." Luther began, "This is about your wedding."

 "Oh?" Adam shifted, "What do you mean?"

 "It's nothing bad, you can relax." Luther said, "Just passing of the torch."

 "Passing of the torch?" Adam asked, "What do you mean?"

 "We have a... An old hand-me-down in our family, son..." There then took out a moderately small, black leather box, "Now, your grandfather, may he rest in peace," He said, "Never got along with your mother. He never approved of her, even after you were born. And, if I am to be honest," Luther looked Adam straight in the eye, "I've had to come to my own terms after you came out of the closet."

 "I know..." Adam nodded, even though he can't altogether blame him – his first boyfriend was a 26-year-old black man, when Adam was only 15 and half years old. The relation ship only lasted 3 months before they broke up when Adam ultimately decided that he wasn't as sexually ambitions as he thought.

 "Regardless, even though he did not like Donna one bit, he did note refuse me my birthright as his son. And it's true that I love you more as a son than ever, gay and all, so it's time for me to leave our most precious relic in your hands."

 Adam looked at the box, and saw a familiar insignia on the tab of the lock. "Dad..." Adam looked up at Luther, "Are these..."

 "With his blessing, however full of spite," Luther chuckled, "Your grandfather gave these to me to wear on my wedding." He then held the box for Adam, "And now it's time I pass these on to you. My son." 

 Adam's heart pounds as his stomach feels heavy as he takes the box, but Luther puts his hand over Adam's.

 "Now be careful with them, alright?" Luther said sternly, "After having them refinished, I learned that they are 75 years old as of last week," He taps his finger on them firmly, "Now I want you to keep them somewhere safe. Don't ever lose them. And, one day, if and when you and Merrick ever have a son, it's going to be YOUR job to pass these on for HIS wedding, and make sure he knows how important these are."

 "I..." Adam smiled as he shook his head, "Dad, I don't know what to say..."

 "Don't say anything." Luther said with a slight shrug, "These are yours now. And I expect you to take care of them, as I have before you, and as my father did before me. And so on."

 Luther let go of the box and Adam held it in his hands. His thumb rubbed onto the lock a little, before he steps up, and hugs his father. Luther hugs back and pats him.

 "Thank you, Dad... So much..."

 "You're welcome, son..."



~~~



"Uhhhh..." Arnaav droned as he nods drearily in his seat on the couch.

 "What's wrong, honey?" Donna asked lightly as she gently stroked his head.

 "I don't feel so well..." Arnaav groaned, "I feel so tired..."

 "You just woke up a couple of hours ago." Yuri said softly. Merrick walks in with a few drinks for them, and sees Arnaav looking like he's trying to survive an Algebra test.

 "Oh, Merrick, there you are," Donna says, "Arnaav doesn't feel so good."

 "Probably not." Merrick said as he set the try down, "It's been about 3 weeks since he came here. It's about time for him to go back to the sea."

 "Oh! That's right." Yuri said, "You homesick, little guy?" Yuri rubbed his cheek. 

 "I don't even know that that means..." Arnaav whines as he takes the bottle of water from Merrick's hand.

 "In a way, I suppose you COULD say he's literally home sick," Merrick said after a drink of his raspberry Crystal Light, "He's becoming more and more dehydrated the longer he stays here. Honestly, I would've preferred him to go back to the Kenovani a few days ago, but he doesn't want to leave."

 "Awww," Danna cooed as she strokes Arnaav's hair.

 "How is he still here then?" Yuri asked as she picks up her fresh glass of iced tea.

 "Well, first off, he's a Triton," Merrick answered, "Like me. We're built a little more sturdier than regular mermen, so it stands to reason that we're able to stay on land longer than usual."

 "Didn't you say the Kenovani leader could barely make it for 2 weeks to begin with, even as an adult?" Yuri asked.

 "I've also been having Arnaav drink a bottle of water every 1 or 2 hours to keep him hydrated. A lot more sleep seems to help to," Merrick said as he looks at Arnaav, dropping the emptied water bottle as he fights of the urge to drop himself, "But it's only a matter of time before his health starts to take a serious hit, though. He can probably push it for a few more days before he absolutely needs to go back to the ocean."

 "I... I don't wanna..." Arnaav moves forward, and begins to fall.

 "Whoa!" Donna catches him before his face can crash to the table, "I gotcha, sweetie, I gotcha."

 "Ok, little guy, I think it's time for you to take a nap."

 "Mnnnhhh," Arnaav groaned as he clings to her while she gets up, and carries the boy into her room.

 "So," Donna says while taking her glass of pink lemonade, "Have you and Adam set a date for the wedding yet?"

 "No, I'm-" Merrick began before Yuri walks in from her room, "He's doing ok?"

 "Yeah, just dozed off as soon as I tucked him in." She sits down, and sipped her tea again, "So where were we?"

 "I was just wondering about the wedding." Donna said, "Have you two thought of anything yet?"

 "Oh yeah," Yuri turns, "So what's it like to be a fiancé, Merrick?" She asked, "You know, as a merman."

 Merrick takes a deep breath and answered, "Honestly, really perplexing..." He lifts his hand up to look at the fancy white gold ring on his finger, "This thing... That proposal..."

 "It was a wonderful moment." Donna said, "I can't tell you how much I started to cry when Adam took your hands."

 "I know, I..." Merrick smiled sheepishly, "I really had no idea he wanted me to um... You know, marry him."

 "But you DO know what marriage is though, right, honey?" Donna asked, "When someone kneels, with a ring, and all that?"

 "Yeah, I've seen enough movies to get the jist of it," Merrick answered, "And Adam has explained it to me on occasion."

 "But... Are YOU ok with it?" Yuri asked carefully, "I mean, I realize that merfolk don't have this sort of thing in the sea, so I can't help but wonder how well you're actually taking this."

 "Yeah, that's what I meant when I said it's perplexing..." Merrick says as he looks at his ring and adjusts it slightly on his finger.

 "In any case, all of us are more than happy that you said 'Yes'." Yuri drinks her tea, "Adam was so terrified that you were going to say 'No', or ask 'Why'."

 "And after all the expense he put into arranging the party and for all of us to be there," Donna added.

 "Hahah, yeah..." Merrick chuckled, "I could have made it infinitely awkward, couldn't I... Part of me still wonders why I agreed in the first place..."

 "Wait, so you're having cold feet?" Yuri asked. Merrick gives her a strange look, before looking at his own feet.

 "Uh..."

 "She means 'Doubt', dear." Donna corrected, "As in, 'Are you having doubts?'"

 "Oh no, nothing like that," Merrick said, "Just... Let me put it this way," Merrick leaned forward, "In MY world, where I come from, me and Adam are already married. In the eyes of the Sea Mother, he and I are already bonded together for eternity."

 "He did mention that," Yuri nodded, "That's why he was so nervous."

 "Mhm..." Merrick looks down at his ring again, "We don't have an extravagant ceremony for only one pair of lovers to be bonded... It really is one night under a Red Moon, love at first sight, and that's it. Married.

 "What's perplexing to me is," Merrick looks up, "Is that me and Adam already do and have all the things a married couple have. I mean, we live together, we sleep in the same bed, we have sexual relations, and we enjoy each other's company as much as we can...

 "So, logic dictates that this ring... The proposal, me walking down the isle," Merrick shook his head a little, "In hindsight, it's unnecessary."

 "Oh honey." Donna pouts as she tilts her head.

 "I mean, we already have everything we could want. Everything we could have, or will have. I keep asking myself, 'Why am I so excited? What's the point? Sure, it's important to Adam, and he wants this, so I should accept'..."

 "Buuut?" Yuri said.

 "So why do I feel like I need this too?" Merrick finished with an earnest voice, "When Adam got down on one knee, my insides feel like they were turning inside out. I was so excited and so emotional, and I could hardly breathe."

 "My guess is the power of suggestion." Donna said, "Maybe you've lived on land long enough to become a little bit human yourself. Perhaps our world has imprinted on you?"

 "Maybe, yes..." Merrick nods, "I can't think of any other reason..." Just then, they turn to see Adam and Luther walk in from the front door, "Oh hi, babe!"

 "Hey, sweetie," Adam said as he comes in and kisses Merrick on the lips, smelling lightly of fish.

 "We were just talking about our wedding."

 "For God's sake, I hope she's not getting you a peach dress." Luther rolled his eyes.

 "Wait what? Peach?" Merrick said, "I've heard of Lady Gaga making a dress made out of raw meat, but what's this about a dress made of peaches?" They snicker and laugh at his statement, leaving him in bewildered confusion, "What? Whaat?? What're you laughing at?? And aren't dresses for women??"

 Donna snickered as she speaks up, "He's talking about one of my favorite movies." She dismissed.

 "Are you talking about Monster-In-Law?" Yuri asked, "Hah, I love that one!"

 "Oh, it's a movie?" Merrick asked.

 "One of the very few chick flicks that I don't mind." Adam answered.

 "It's about this snobby mother-in-law who doesn't approve of her son's fiancé," Yuri explained, "So she goes out of her way to ruin their relationship. Eventually, the bride-to-be catches on, and starts to screw with the mother-in-law right back."

 "Sounds amusing." Merrick smiles.

 "Ooh, we have to watch it before we go back home!" Donna said.

 "Oh for the love of God." Luther groaned.

 "That sounds awesome!" Yuri said, "I can make some kettle corn and Pink Ladies!"

 "Sweet, we have a plan!" Merrick grins as he adjusted in his seat.

 "Never thought I'd say this, but can we PLEASE get back to the wedding plans?" Luther said.

 "Oh, right!" Donna said, "For instance, have you two set a date yet?"

 "Oh, um..." Adam ponders, "Well, I was kind of thinking of having it in December or January."

 "What?!" 

"What?!" Donna and Merrick say simultaneously.

 "Is that 5 months?" Luther asked, before shrugging, "That seems about right."

 "But that's so looong!" Merrick whined.

 "More like too soon!" Donna said, "Do you have any idea how long it takes to plan a proper wedding??"

 "Mom, it'll be fine, 5 months is plenty of time." Adam says, "And I want Merrick to see what snow is like, so I want us to have a Winter wedding."

 "Oh, so it really snows here?" Luther asked.

 "It was all over the news a couple of years ago." Yuri said, "During November, Honolulu was experiencing its very first snow flurry."

 "I know what snow is like," Merrick says with a wide smile, "But I've only seen it very few times, including last year."

 "So, how CAN it snow?" Donna asked.

 "A friend of mine, Atarah, she's sort of... A very old shaman who lives in a river here a long way from here," Merrick explained, "When I first saw snow, everyone was raving about how it being so weird and unusual in Hawaii. So I went to Atarah, and asked if she knew anything about it. Turns out, she's the one who's making it snow here."

 "Wait. Wait, wait, wait, what?" Donna asked as she put down her drink, "Hold on one moment." She put her hands together and looked at Merrick, "You're saying that this woman, is some how making it cold enough in Hawaii – one of the world's warmest tropical locations – to actually snow here???"

 "Yeah." Merrick nods, "She told me she was going for a change of pace, so she started to manipulate the weather around late November. The trade off is that when she's doing this, she becomes very drowsy and inactive – with a wide-range of power like that, she has to spread her power really thin."

 "You mean like she's hibernating?" Adam asked.

 "Am I the only one who thinks that this sounds crazy? ... And supernatural?" Luther asked.

 "Well she is the first Noita in the history of merfolk." Merrick said, "And she was forever changed when she died under the Black Sun. Plus she's had and has practically an eternity to work out all kinds of secrets of nature and energy."

 "But wait," Donna said, "How does this all even... You know what, never mind. None of this is making sense to me, I'm just going to take your word for it."

 "Now you're talking some sense." Luther agreed.

 "Anyway, me and Merrick are going for a small wedding. In fact, I was thinking of having it here."

 "What about Aquata Cove?" Merrick asked, "That's where we've spent most of our time when we were still new."

 "I dunno... It seems kind of out-there, you know?" Adam said.

 "Actually, that does sound romantic." Yuri said, nodding, "That is where the two of you first met, right?"

 "Is it?" Donna quirked her head a little as she turned to them.

 "Sort of," Adam scratches his neck, "Technically, we first saw each other for the first few times over by the rocky reef out back. We actually met personally inside the cove itself, behind the waterfall."

 "There's even a sandy path that leads around the rocks above the grotto!" Merrick said as he grins, "We can make THAT the isle!"

 "I think you should do it." Yuri commented.

 "I second that." Donna raised her right hand.

 "A good a place as any, I suppose." Luther shrugged, "Not like a lot of churches are going to open their doors for you two."

 "Oh come now, Luther," Donna said as she reached over and smacked his arm, "There are lots of churches who host gay weddings!"

 "None around here, really." Adam said, "I already checked." Adam sighed, and smiled, "Alright, Aquata Cove it is then."

 "Mmmhhhee! Thank you, Adam!" Merrick hugs Adam tightly.

 "Alright, now," Donna said, "Location set. What about catering?"

 "Me and Dad were kinda hoping to have KFC cater our wedding."

 "Ohhh God, no!" Donna scowled.

 "Adam, are you freakin serious?!" Yuri asked.

 "What?! We love KFC!" Adam chuckled defensively, "Besides, almost every place I've ever been to that's had catering is always Mexican food, and I don't even like Taco Bell."

 "Adam," Donna said firmly, "This is a wedding we're talking about. Not a backyard pot-luck."

 "Mom, we don't have that much money to invest in expensive catering."

 "And I don't have much discerning between differences of the class and quality of human food." Merrick added, "As far as I know, KFC is as gourmet as it gets."

 "It's not, Merrick," Yuri retorted as she shook her head, "It's not."

 "Just trying to keep it simple!" Luther said, "How many weddings do you see that actually have KFC for catering??"

 "None. That's the point, honey." Donna said lowly.

 "That's two for, two against, and one neutral." Adam said, "I'll just wait for Jamal to get home to break the tie."

 "Adam, that's not fair, and you know it! Jamal's black, you're cheating!" Yuri threw at him. Luther spat his beer in a harsh fit of laughter.

 "Exactly." Adam grins. 

 "We'll get back to it." Donna said with a low glare, "What about outfits? Merrick, are you going to be wearing a tux?"

 "I doubt it." Merrick shook his head, "The only pants I like wearing are jeans. And I've tried on some formal clothes once, and I can't stand how it feels on my skin. I'm going to have Yuri's mother make my clothing again."

 "Oh, Yuri, I didn't know you mom makes clothing."

 "Yeah," Yuri nods, "She's a small-town designer. She actually illustrated a couple of clothing designs for the Hunger Games. Only a few though."

 "Really??" Donna raises her eyebrows, "That's very impressive! She could make a fortune!"

 "It's more of a side-hobby for her though." Yuri said, "She makes money off of it, but it's not like she's looking for a career."

 "So can you get me in contact with her?" Merrick asked, "Wait, she speaks English, right?"

 "Merrick. She speaks better English than you." Yuri said with a snide slurp of her tea, "It's my Dad that has an accent, be he's a marine biologist, so I doubt you and he have any business, unless you want to help with his research, as a fish yourself."

 Merrick shrugged, "Sure, I'd be willing to help him. I can even do that in exchange for my outfit."

 "Sounds great."

 "Now I'm getting excited!" Donna said as she grins and shifts in her seat.

 "Ok, theme." Adam said, "We gotta have a theme here." Adam leans forward, "I almost want to go with a snowflake theme, but seems a little cliché... We don't have to go with a specific topic either..."

 "Like, maybe just something as simple as two colors?" Yuri asked. 

 "Yeah. Like... White and gold." Adam said.

 "We can do that." Merrick nods.

 "... Maybe even some glitter sea-objects for table pieces?" Luther asked.

 "Oh yeah!" Adam said nodding with enthusiastic approval, "I love it!"

 "You mean like those things me and Arnaav made for you guys for Easter?" Merrick asked, "Oh, I can really get behind that!"

 "I got a buddy who works for a furniture company," Luther said, "I'll call him up and see if I can make some kind of deal for some rental tables and chairs."

 "Oh, really??" Adam beams, "That would be awesome!"
