 When I was around 18 years old when I went off to college in New York. Getting acclimated to this new life without my parents around was the time of my life. I immediately started partying and skipping classes which reflected in my school work and grades. I don't know what happened exactly, but this new freedom without parental supervision sent me in a spiral. Some nights I would stay out partying and not get back to my dorm room til early in the morning, even when I had classes the next day at 8:00 AM. So, my routine was usually to sleep til noon and maybe make a few of my later classes. 

New York had so many night clubs that I quickly found my favorites and became a regular at many of them. The bartenders knew me by name and also knew my drink of choice by memory. I was a regular and enjoyed the night life.

My only problem was that I was kinda short and not real masculine looking. I think it always held me back from getting more pussy. A lot of girls would pass on me because of my height. At only 5 foot 9 inches tall, I was still considered very attractive and had no trouble getting my share of pussy. Well, maybe not my share, but I occasionally did get laid and got some blow jobs from some very sexy ladies. I hated being so short and hoped for a growth spurt before it got too late in life, but in reality my parents were both small in stature and I kinda felt maybe my height had already peaked.

Just to describe myself briefly, I had blonde hair, weighed about 150 pounds, and was described by others as being "slim or lean". Some girls even told me that I had a "sexy swimmer's build". I was also very fair complected and smooth, with almost no facial hair and had kind of delicate features according to some women. Even though I was kinda short, not trying to sound vain or conceited, I really was considered attractive by the opposite sex. On many occasions women had commented to the effect that my eyes were beautiful, that they wish they had my cheekbones or that I had beautiful lips and gorgeous features. Some even said I was so pretty that I could be a model.

The one thing that I really had going for me was my cock. It was almost 9 inches long and as thick as a can of spray deodorant. Circumcised and straight as an arrow, I thought I had a normal sized cock as a kid, until almost every single girl that ever got to see it had giggled and professed how big it was. The main comments were always something about how, "it didn't match my body" or "good things come in small packages".

I still don't know even today why I am so blessed, but I always wondered if my dad's cock was real big and I inherited it from him genetically. I never looked or asked, but my other theory is, that I started jacking off behind a closed bathroom door when I was around 13 or 14 years old and maybe just exercised it into top form like any other muscle. Anyway, as I got older and learned it was big by comparisons standards, I became obsessed with it getting hard and having it handled by women. I loved showing it off. I became addicted to sex when I was 15 years old. 

As I got older and became involved with women, I loved when the time finally came to drop my pants and see the expression on their faces when I whipped it out. Girls would squeal or gush over it, sometimes feigning intimidation of my size and girth. Even though some would tell me that, "it would never fit" or "that it was too big", I never met an ass or a pussy that I couldn't work it all the way in. Well, maybe I couldn't get it in all their butts, but it fit in any pussy I ever tried to get it in.

I did and still do however have trouble getting my cock sucked deep. My cock is just too thick to get in just anybody's throat, so I usually have to settle with getting the tip or maybe three inches of it sucked on. I still wouldn't trade it for the world though, it's a good problem to have. I have always enjoyed making women struggle on my cock and especially enjoy the conquest of finally having them impaled on my big dick or having them gag on it in their throat. 

Anyway, I was out cruising for some pussy one night and was extremely horny, when the bartender called for last call on drinks. Having struck out with the few female customers in the bar I decided to call it a night. I figured I would just go home and jack off before going to bed because my cock had been semi erect all night.

As I left the bar I grabbed a copy of the weekly advertisement newspaper that stood in a stand by the door. This periodical consisted mostly of local advertisements and events in the New York area. I had read them before and used them to find different "wet shirt contests", "bikini contests" and different "happy hours" in the past. They also had a section in the back for escorts and phone sex lines, but while I didn't have money for these, I still liked reading them. I figured I would just use the pictures of the female escorts for my jack off stimulus before going to bed.

When I got to my car, I really didn't want to got back to the dorm yet and just started looking through the magazine. That was when I saw the ad. It was for a place called The Stockade.

This was a place that stayed open all night long and the ad had a lot of sexual and bondage innuendos in it. It had a picture of a man locked in a stockade in leather shorts. His arms and head were secured in the stockade and he was bent over at the waist and blindfolded. The ad said, "Couples Welcome", so I was immediately curious and still very horny. The address was just down the road from me so I thought I might check it out and see what it was and if there were any women there.

When I pulled into the parking lot it was after 2:00 AM and there were about 10 cars in front. The building looked more residential than commercial and had only one light bulb over the door. As I entered the door a clerk from behind a counter looked up at me and sensing this was my first time here he just stared at me.

"It's ten dollars to go in," he finally said.

I opened my wallet and handed him ten of my last thirteen dollars. This place was really seedy and I was regretting giving him my money as soon as he put it in a cigar box.

"Go straight up the stairs and have a good time," was all he said.

I had a bad feeling that my money was gone for nothing. This place was so nasty and dark, that I couldn't imagine any sexy or attractive women could be in here. The stairwell had a single red light bulb that cast an eerie glow over the dirty dark walls. While the steps felt solid and sturdy, I could only imagine how old and decrepit looking it was in broad daylight. Once my eyes had adjusted and my courage returned, I picked up my speed and made my way to the top of the creaky stairs.

The glow from the red lights in the ceiling allowed me to see several older men upstairs leaning against the walls, they all seemed like they were waiting on someone. All eyes were on me. I was definitely the youngest guy there and there was not a woman in sight. As I made my way through the first room, I felt their eyes follow my every move. Some of the men had their shirts off, some had on leather outfits and some were dressed in suits or regular street clothes. I didn't see a single woman and knew that if one did come in that I had a lot of competition. 

In the center of the room was the stockade and a man standing next to it. I got a chill when I looked at it. I could just imagine some fine looking woman in there, locked in place with her ass exposed and me fucking her from behind. The round hole that was meant for the head was centered in the middle and there were two smaller holes that the wrists and hands would fit in and lock into place. It was so medieval and ominous looking, so heavy and realistic, I wondered if it was a real piece of history from some dungeon or if someone had just made it as a prop. 

It looked authentic to me. The guy standing next to it lifted the heavy wooden top and while he held it open he just stared at me. For a second, I thought he was just being friendly and was showing me how it worked, but it almost looked liked he was inviting me to let him lock me in. Just then, he moved his hand down to his crotch and groped himself. I averted any more eye contact with him decided to just lean against the wall like everybody else.

Everyone seemed to leave me alone after that and I was intent about minding my own business and planning on getting out of here. So as not to look too obvious or scared I decided to stay with my back to the wall for just a few minutes and then leave. If this was all there was here, a couple of old guys and a stockade, it wasn't for me.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw a guy enter the room, from a hallway that I hadn't noticed before. He seemed to be adjusting his pants and belt and then scurried down the steps and left. I hadn't seen this hallway because it was so dark and decided to explore and see if there were any women in the back. 

As I left this main room and went down the hallway, I came into another room that had a movie showing on a wall. On the video was a young guy in the stockade out front, locked securely in place, getting fucked in the ass and throat at the same time. One guy held his hips and pounded in his ass while another guy held his ears and shoved his cock in the guy's throat. I noticed that the stockade was so low that the young guys ass was prominently poked up in the air. 

A couple of guys in the room stopped watching the video, stared at me and then started whispering to each other. Even though I felt really uncomfortable being around so many men, I couldn't help the erection I was getting from watching the video. My cock was fully erect and straining against my pants.

In the corner of this room was another doorway, so continuing to explore, I walked towards it. It was a little better lit but still hard to navigate. In fact, it seemed like a maze of hallways that ended in cubicles with three walls or else went in other directions. I hadn't been in there 2 minutes when I felt I had lost my sense of direction. 

As I stumbled around in the dim hallways, I stepped into a cubicle where a guy in a suit was kneeling with his face to the wall. He didn't notice me at first so I looked closer to see what he was doing. I couldn't believe my eyes, this guy was sucking a big black cock through a hole in the wall. Apparently, someone was standing on the other side and was getting a blow job from this very enthusiastic guy. I just froze and watched, not believing what I was seeing.

Finally the guy noticed me and said, "Do you mind?"

Embarrassed and shocked, I shuffled out of the room and again started down the maze of a hallway. The next turn took me to a older white guy with his jeans down around his ankles leaning into the wall and pumping his hips. Not noticing me, he just kept thrusting his hips into the wall and began grunting. I stood back in the darkness and watched as he finally quit humping the wall and pulled his pants up and left.

I went over to the wall and saw a hole about waist level. I knelt down and peeked through the hole. I just wanted to see who or what was in the other room. There was a young guy, completely naked, on his knees wiping his mouth with a handkerchief. Not a stitch of clothes on. These guys were so bold, there were no doors on these cubicles, anybody could walk in. When he saw me peeking in he quickly stuck his fingers in the hole and motioned for me to come over. 

"Hey, let me suck it for you," he pleaded.

I had come there looking for a woman but I knew that my chances of finding one were slim. I hadn't seen a single woman in the entire place yet, so I figured, why not?

My cock was so hard, I was horny and it was dark. Nobody in here knew me. I decided that I would let this guy suck it for just a minute. I stood up and stepped up to the hole. When I grabbed my zipper, I saw his tongue flick in and around the hole. I tugged out my hard cock and balls and just stood there for a few seconds.

"That is the most beautiful cock I have ever seen," he whispered to me.

So damn horny, I put the tip of my cock into the hole and immediately felt his hot lips close over the head. This guy locked onto the head of my cock and just started slowly massaging it with his lips and tongue. Within a couple of minutes, I knew he had me. I wasn't going to leave til I had come down his throat. I didn't care if it was a guy or not, all I knew was that he wanted to suck my cock and I wanted it sucked.

It felt so good that I moved forward and pushed a couple of more inches in. He didn't back off, in fact he just gobbled up all that I had given him. Holding back a couple of inches, in the dim light, I could see he was taking all 5 inches and wanted more. On each down stroke his lips would push through the hole into my side and he would strain to get the remaining 3 or 4 inches that I held back. I leaned into the hole and pushed all 9 inches into his side. 

"Oh yea baby, that is a beautiful cock, let me take care of it for you," he moaned.

This guy took me for a ride. As soon as he had my entire cock, he took it to the root. I could feel the sides of his throat stretch and scrape against my thick cock as his mouth went all the way down my shaft. So effortlessly, he swallowed my cock in it's entirety. He would gag it down and then go back to the head and swirl his tongue and lips off it. Long deep strokes from the tip to the groin made me shudder and buck my hips forward. He nibbled with his teeth and made loud slurping sounds. Nobody had ever sucked so much of my cock before. 

"Give me your balls, let me suck those nuts for you," he pleaded.

I quickly pulled back far enough to stuff my nuts through the hole. Once they were inserted, I leaned back into the hole with all my weight. Cock and balls, completely on his side of the partition, I stretched my arms up and spread my legs a little, pushing as deep into his side as I could.

He worked on my nuts like they were fragile eggs, softly and gently slurping them into his warm mouth one at a time. He really took his time, not rushing like women do, he really seemed to enjoy sucking my virility more than I wanted it sucked, if that was possible. I was in heaven, nobody had ever done me like this before. I didn't care if it was a guy or not, I knew I wasn't gay.

Suddenly he stopped and I just froze with my throbbing cock on his side of the partition. I thought he had stopped or left and was just getting ready to leave when I felt the warmth tighten down on my cock again. This time it was different though, smoother, tighter, much hotter and I didn't feel his teeth at all. Again he went down to the root, taking all 9 inches til he pressed against my balls. Back and forth he worked my cock all the way in and then pulled back leaving only an inch or so in the warmth and tightness he provided. He kept up these perfect strokes for a few minutes and then spoke again.

"I'm going to cum dude, fuck me hard, spray my ass," he moaned.

I was in his ass! He had stuffed my cock up his ass. I knew it felt different, but I was too far gone to stop. It felt too good and I had lost control. As he held his ass pressed hard to the wall, I took over. His pressure against the wall made it bow in the middle and I pulled my cock and balls back about 6 inches and started to fuck him rough and hard. I slapped my cock in deep and bottomed out in his ass, frantically ramming back and forth as my balls smashed into the partition. 

I felt his convulsions around my cock as he pressed his ass so hard into his side of the wall I was afraid it might cave in on me. My cock swelled and I fucked him un-mercilessly. No girl had ever let me fuck her ass like this, so deep, so hard, so violently. I rammed him like he needed it and like I always wanted it. His ass trembled and shook on my cock. I heard sobbing or crying and that took me over the edge. This guy really loved my cock and I had never gotten a piece of ass to react this good to my cock before. The feeling of my conquest was over whelming.

My first spray was enormous, I think, I really couldn't see it, but it felt strong. It felt really heavy and deep. It reminded me of the times when I jacked off and my cum would fly across the room. I knew it was a heavy squirt and I knew it was deep in his ass. He reached between his legs and squeezed my nuts softly. While his ass shook and convulsed on my cock, I squirted another 6 or 8 ropes of cum up his ass. He didn't mind, in fact, he just kept his ass pressed tight to the wall. 

Finally I slowed down to a grind and then he kind of took over again. He squirmed and twisted his ass against the hole, grinding out each last drop. I just stood there enjoying the afterglow, my cock still as hard as steel and fully erect. 

When he pulled his ass off, I felt his mouth cover my cock immediately. He licked up and down the sides like a mother cat cleaning her young. When I felt he had sufficiently cleaned me, I pulled out and tried to stuff my hard cock and balls back into my jeans. 

I saw his eye at the hole watching my every move as whispered, "I would pay money to do that again."

He handed me a twenty dollar bill through the hole with his name and phone number on it.

"Thanks, please call me," he said.

As I exited the cubicle and tried to find my way out of this maze with a hard on stuffed in my pants, I knew I wasn't ready to go home yet.

To be continued...