 My name is Conner, I'm a business traveler and I like to get off with other men. Although, I'm not totally gay, you could technically call me a bisexual. I'm middle age and in good shape. I have pretty good luck picking up good looking men in hotels, bars and gyms.

One night last week, I took the long flight to the east coast and made my way to the hotel. After checking in went to my room. Feeling wide awake, because of the time difference, I knew it was too early for bed.

Looking for something to do in the hotel guide I found a jacuzzi and steam room in the gym. I stripped down, pulled on my swimsuit, the hotel embossed bath robe and made my way to the elevator.

The elevator opened to the roof top pool and gym. The large glass windows over looked the city, it was a beautiful setting. The area was dimly lit and well appointed with tables and chairs. A very romantic setting. Too bad I was alone.

At 2:00 AM local time, finding me there alone I stripped out of the bathrobe and entered the jacuzzi. I slowly eased my way to the seat near a water jet and sat down. I relaxed for a few minutes letting the hot water ease my stress.

Whenever in a jacuzzi or steam room my thoughts always drift to sex. This time was no different. I leaned my head back dreamt of erotic thoughts. Wet kissing. Broad shoulders. Hard cocks. Penetrating fingers. And tasteful cum. My hand made it's way deep into my trunks finding a harding cock.

With my trunks pulled down I closed my eyes and started some serious stroking. My thoughts drifted to my encounter in another gym. I was thinking of the young man sucking my cock and then fucking me from behind.

Startled, my eyes opened and my head turned as I heard the door open. Then I heard a female giggle as they entered the area. Quickly I tried to pull my trunks up as they came my way.

A handsome couple walked towards me, wearing their hotel robes and caring a bottle of wine. Arriving at edge of the jacuzzi the woman asked if I would mind, that they join me. I smiled at her and said "Please do".

Her man, dropped his robe reveling his hard chest and arms an a bright blue speedo stuffed with his "package". He was tall and thin with just a tad of hair on his chest. The young lady, a short haired blonde, an hour glass figure and well formed big fake tits, folded her robe placing it in the chair. She was wearing a white bikini and a fabulous smile.

He helped her enter the jacuzzi and the two of them took the seats across from me. We did a short introduction and their comments where much the same as my thoughts of the romantic setting we were all now sharing. They opened their wine bottle and looked confused as they had forgot the glasses.

With another giggle Tanya brought the bottle to her lips and then passing it to Mark. It was obvious the wine was not their first bottle of the night. Then I noticed Tanya's white bikini top had become opaque in the water. I could see her dark nipples penetrating through the white fabric. I felt my cock's fascination in her, being aroused.

Mark stood with the bottle and said; " Please excuse my bad manners, but would you care for some wine?" I was not looking at the wine, but Mark's bulging cock. 

I told him thank you and took a drink of the Merlot wine, thinking that something was about to happen to me and I wanted to be apart of this party. So I took a sip of the wine, which by the way was wonderful.

To my amazement, Mark sat down next to me and asked Tanya to join us. The lovely woman stood and stepped to our side. She sat down next to me and took the bottle from me and took another drink. She then passed the bottle across my chest to Mark.

As Tanya withdrew her hand from the bottle neck she let her finger nails slip across my nipples. My eyes immediately fell onto her hand as I watched her touch her own nipples. Her leg moved to where it was now touching mine.

I looked at Mark seeking his reactions to Tanya's moves. He smiled as his leg touched mine.

With a smile of my own, I placed a hand on each of their legs. With all of our intentions fully disclosed, the sexual exploration continued. 

Just that quick Mark had his hand in my trunks squeezing my harding cock. I placed my arms around the two of them and pulled their bodies closer to mine. Tanya attacked my nipples with her hands and lips, while Mark pulled down my trunks freeing my now hard cock.

I lifted Tanya's face to see if she would kiss me. I pulled her closer to my lips until we met. A different taste entered my mouth as her tongue parted my lips. My free hand found the soft fabric of her bikini bottom and I twisted my finger through it's leg opening finding a hot and wet pussy. She ground her bone hard, on my wrist as I finger fucked her.

Mark had crawled in between my legs, kneeling in the water. I felt him going under the water and slipping my cock head in his mouth briefly. 

The two of them where about you eat me alive. So many sensations going on at one time caused me to have a pre mature ejaculation. Mark, had just came up for air when I balls started to blow. I shuttered as my cock quivered and shot my cum. Tanya must of thought I was trying to get away from her, so she disengaged from our passionate kissing and finger fucking. Not a minute to soon either.

A hotel employee was just entering through the door . He asked if he could bring us anything. Mark still in his suit declined for us all and the man quickly left. Later I wondered if he saw us before opening the clear glass door. As the door closed I quickly pulled up my trunks and Tanya adjusted herself.

We started passing the wine around once again. Tanya and Mark seemed like they where still on fire, so I asked them if we should go into the steam room and continue. With that said, we all grabbed our bath robes and the wine bottle and went down the hall to the secluded steam room.

The steam room was nine by seven foot, with the usual double tile benches. Tanya slipped out of her bottoms and top and climbed to the top bench. She turned and sat spreading her legs wide. With her fingers she parted her pussy and asked Mark to lick her. Mark and I stripped in five seconds.

Mark leaned into her from the floor. Holding his balance with his hands and arms he started eating her out. Tanya already excited from my finger fucking held his face tight against her cunt.

I had sat down on the first bench and noticed Mark's cock dangling, half hard as he was bending over eating Tanya. I moved over under him, leaning on my elbow I took his cock into my mouth. 

Mark's cock tasted of chlorine, never the less I quickly tried to wash the cock with my mouth watering excitement. When almost to drown, I spit it out and continued sucking his gorgeous cock. 

I was really getting into eating that guy's cock when I felt a foot on the side of my chest. I looked up, it was Tanya trying to push me away from my evening snack. The cock popped out of my mouth and Mark stepped closer to Tanya. She guided his cock into her wet and waiting cunt.

I stood up next to Mark and watched the two fucking each other. I was jealous that Tanya was going to get her pussy sprayed with Mark's cum, rather than my mouth.

Tanya took my hand, pulling it to her clit. I used my thumb to rub her button. My fingers trickled towards Mark's cock. Feeling the hot wet slickness of her juices running over his cock excited me. I had to have it.

I lowered my tongue and flicked the woman' s clit. I could hear her moaning with another bucking orgasm. Then I heard Mark saying that he was about to cum. I held my mouth open wide, facing his direction right above the cock and cunt. 

I noticed Mark stopping his thrusts into her cunt. He was just starting to fill her with this come. I held my position, mouth open. 

Suddenly Mark withdrew his cock from Tanya's pussy, sending a squirting stream of cum my way. The cum landed on my face. Mark stuck his cock into my open mouth. I tasted his cum immediately, so I closed my lips tight around his cock and began slowly milking him of every last drop.

We gathered our breath and composure covering our naked bodies with our hotel robes. I placed my trunks in the pocket as we made our way out of the gym to the elevator.

I asked my sexy new friends what floor they were on. Mark replied "9 please". When the door opened the two of them stepped out, I followed. Mark smiled at me. I told him this was my floor. We all laughed. I stopped at my room. Tanya kissed me good night. Mark hugged me, but as he did I felt his hand grab my cock under my robe. The next morning I had a phone call. Mark, wanted to know what time I had to leave. I told him. Mark said that Tanya was getting ready for the day and that would take an hour. I told him to come on down.