 My wife and I had been married a couple of years and decided to return to a ski resort that we'd always enjoyed in Utah. We were never much for après-ski partying that happened at some better known resorts like Breckenridge or Park City. The mountain was great and it was much more low-key. We splurged a bit and got a place that was ski-in, ski-out, had its own spa, restaurants, and such. It was largely all-inclusive.

We were the type that was one of the first on the slopes, and last to leave. After two days of that, we decided to take it easy. My wife went down for a nap after our morning session, and I decided to check out the spa area. It was predominantly empty, with some people waiting to get massages, and some milling around the gym. I'd had my workout for the day, so I headed over to try out the steam room.

I walked into the locker room and there were a few guys in there changing, showering, etc. Walking past one row, I noticed an older gentleman changing out of his clothes. He was definitely in his 50s with gray hair, balding, but not frail. He was about 6 feet tall and clearly skied often, judging by the size of his legs. Mine were more defined, but his were definitely solid. In addition, he had something of a pot-belly which probably just came from age. He looked the part of a tanned executive type away from the office for the weekend. It was only a moment that passed as I was walking between rows, but I easily noticed his penis swinging freely as he stepped out his pants. It was uncircumcised and looked quite large in its completely limp state, which left me questioning my own manhood. 

I stopped in the next row, picked out a locker and began to disrobe. I grabbed a towel and removed my clothes, quick to swing the towel securely around my waist. I hoped that the older gentleman didn't notice my gawking at his nakedness, but then figured it only had been a second and he couldn't have. I was a straight guy, but had been curious about other mens' penises ever since middle school when we had to shower after P.E. One kid that I was friends with seemed to have an abnormally large one. When we were just growing hair, he had a dense jungle of it resting about his large and thick cock. I was never interested in any sexual activities, just interested in the size of it. He was a bit nerdy, but he was a friend of mine. I was jealous.

I strolled into the steam room and the only person in there was exact older guy I'd just walked past. He was sitting against the wall on the upper tier of the two-level wooden benches. It smelled of cedar and dense heat. The humidity was palpable, but it wasn't as bad or as thick as I'd anticipated. As I entered, he opened his eyes, and nodded a quick greeting in my direction, which I returned sheepishly. He sat immediately next to what I could only assume was the steam box, as there was a bucket of water and a large ladle next to an open box filled with rocks in the corner. I sat on the other side of the room so as not to intrude on his space. The heat on the bench was mildly painful at first, as was the wall I leaned up against, but I adjusted quickly to it. Sweat began beading all over my body immediately. It felt wonderful as I adjusted to the hot air I was breathing in. "God, it's like a sauna in here," I said out loud, trying to be funny. He chuckled softly. 

I was melting into the room when he broke the silence. "Come here often?" he asked. 

"No," I said. "I came here with my wife a couple years ago and we loved it so we decided to come back. You?" I responded. 

"Yeah, I try to come up here a few times a year. It's a little less hectic than the other resorts. I like that. Plus, the skiing is amazing," he said.

"I couldn't agree more. That's the same reason we came." I responded. 

"So, where is your wife now?" he asked.

"She's grabbing a nap today. We've been skiing for a couple days straight, so she's letting her body heal up a little. That's why I'm in here as well." I said.

"That's a good idea. I usually do the same thing. If you're not used to it, it'll beat you up pretty good." He extended his hand to me and said, "James. James Doherty." 

I stretched over and shook his hand. He had a strong grip. "Kevin. Kevin Miller. Nice to meet you, James." I still didn't want to intrude on his personal space too much. I happened to glance down in a quick reassessment of him. The small towels they had in the locker room did little to mask the large package he had underneath. The towel didn't completely wrap around my thighs, and with his larger waist, his towel just loosely draped over his crotch, exposing most of his right thigh (which was facing me). The outline of his penis was clearly visible underneath, as it fell across the same thigh. It very nearly was poking out of the side of the towel. My towel was able to be tucked into itself, but only just. When I walked, it also exposed much of my thigh. He probably had to hold his together.

"These towels don't leave much to the imagination," I said. 

"No, they certainly don't, but when you're in a steam room, it probably doesn't matter much," he responded. I responded in kind. 

"I thought it would be steamier in here rather than just hot," I said. I realized immediately that could be misconstrued, and chuckled to myself. 

"Oh, just grab this ladle and you just pour the water over the rocks. It'll get good and steamy in here right away," he suggested.

I immediately felt like a steam room rookie. Which is precisely what I was. "Oh, duh. I guess I haven't been in these much." I got up and, standing on the lower bench, walked directly in front of James, grabbing the ladle. As I reached over, the poor excuse for a knot in my towel gave way, and fell directly across his lap, exposing my own member directly to him. The heat had made it look a decent size, thankfully since it was completely limp at the time. I still had an inferiority complex after seeing his, though. "Shit!" I said quickly. I jumped down to the floor and grabbed my towel as fast as I could, which then moved his towel off his waist, and thus, exposing his much larger penis. He laughed as he grabbed his towel, and replaced it over himself, but now I saw what he had between his legs close up. I was about six-and-a-half inches in length fully erect, and virtually hairless. He had to be about seven or eight inches in length and he was still obviously limp. He had a small amount of thinned-out dark pubic hair interspersed with some grays in amongst the thicket. He had very large amount of foreskin surrounding his cock, and it was thick and quite veiny. I had seen a few porno films, but had never really seen an uncut penis. Most everyone was circumcised like myself, and I must have gawked at it as I was re-applying my towel around my waist. It was easy to as it was at eye level as I bent down to cover myself. 

"Sorry about that. Like I said-I haven't done this much," I said. I grabbed the ladle and poured a stream of water over the rocks. Immediately there was cloud of steam filling the room. I returned to my previous spot, clutching the towel a little more carefully. 

"Don't worry about it. Hell, half the time, I don't even wear one in here. There usually is nobody else around," he said. 

"Well, just the same..." I started, and then I glanced down and noticed the head of his cock was poking out of his towel. You could just see the head hiding within the great foreskin sleeve, which showed itself about half an inch from underneath the tiny towel. I caught myself quickly and looked straight ahead. In a vain attempt to keep face, I closed my eyes and resumed my previous position of leaning against the wall on the top bench, even with him. Several moments passed, then I heard him say, "Mmmm, that does feel better."

I glanced over and the room was full of steam. One could hardly see the door to the room at all. James looked completely relaxed, except for the fact that his cock was clearly growing in size. What had been just barely poking out of the towel was now two inches or so out, and staring as I was, I noticed it was pulsating slightly. I was completely transfixed by it. He would slightly adjust his hips, and the towel slipped more off his thigh, exposing even more of his thickening phallus. I felt my own cock beginning to stir inside my tightly-bound towel. So mesmerized was I by the sight of his cock growing, that I didn't catch him glancing at me. I was trying to not stare, but look at it out of the corner of my eye. I was caught, nonetheless. It looked like he grinned slightly, but I averted my eyes quickly. Soon my own penis would begin to strain against the towel and then he'd know I was becoming excited about it. I was mortified that he might notice I was looking at his dick, but the taboo was so electrifying that it made me want to look even more.

When I glanced back, his left hand fell across his rounded belly. It slowly began to slide down until it rested on the top of his towel. The weight of it landing there pulled the edge of it farther off his still growing cock, and I noticed it twitch as it became fuller. It was easily 8 inches in length now and the heft of it just stunned me. It wasn't enormous or anything. It just seemed so dense and heavy. His left hand moved over and rested on his penis. My own cock was now rock hard and I didn't dare to move, lest I show myself again. Towel or no towel. I also immediately noticed him looking at me. "See something you like, Kevin?" he asked.

"Wha? Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to..." I began to say.

"You didn't mean to look at it? It's alright. I don't mind. It's a bit bigger than average, I know. It gets stares, so I'm not ashamed in the least. Like I said, I usually come here with nothing on anyway. Why don't you pull yours off and then we'll be equal?" he suggested.

"Um, no thanks, I'm good," I stammered. I hated to think of measuring mine up to his monster, anyway. I looked over at him and he was stroking his still stiffening penis. The thick foreskin was sliding over and back exposing, and then hiding the purple mushroom-shaped head of his cock. 

"I really think you ought to take that towel off now. It's better for your skin. Plus, I hate to feel underdressed," he said. He scooted closer to me. I began to feel intensely nervous, and was seriously considering getting up to leave. His cock still held my rapt attention, though I started to lean away, bracing myself with my hand on the opposite side of the bench. 

"No, really. I...I'm ok. I should probably get out anyway, so I don't get too dehydrated." I started to get up, then he snatched the towel off my in one clean jerk. "Hey! C'mon, give that back, James," I said. 

"Easy, easy. Let's play a little game. If you win, you get the towel back and you can leave," he said.

"What happens if I lose?" I asked, suddenly feeling very exposed, despite being a room full of dense steam. 

"Oh, well, we'll jump off that bridge when we get to it," he smirked. "Plus, I don't think you're feeling all that out-of-sorts with that cock of yours standing straight up, anyway," he followed.

"Ok, come on-what do I do?" I asked hastily.

"I'll bet you I can make you suck my cock without using my hands," he said. 

My eyes pinwheeled. "Are you kidding me? Why would I agree to that?!" I shot back. 

"Because it's your only way out of here. You gonna run out of here naked? Come on, I'm sure you'll do fine. Unless you don't think you're capable of the task," he said. The childish tone of the challenge seemed ridiculous, but I found myself agreeing anyway.

"Alright, fine. What do I have to do?" I asked. 

"Ok. Sit right up there in the corner." I did what I was told. "Good," he said. "Now you just have to stay there for two minutes." It seemed easy enough. My dick was still at attention, but the fear was beginning to shrink it a bit. Sitting in the corner on the top of the bench, he climbed up, straddling my legs. His cock was still hardening, partially soft, but thick and angry looking. It pointed directly at my face and I couldn't look away from it. It was as if he was pointing a gun to my head. The head of his cock was now halfway exposed without him touching it at all. The foreskin actually drooped away slightly underneath his huge penis and made the whole shaft look even thicker and more menacing than it already was. Veins popped out from all sides, wrapping around the rod like vines toward the thinned forest of hair at the hilt. The large testicles hung lower than they looked like they ought. He started to move closer and I reflexively moved up my hands in defense. 

"Uh uh...you can't use your hands either," he scolded. 

"Oh, come on!" I started to say, and then he sprang his fat cock forward toward my mouth. I quickly shut my lips and turned my head to the side. He withdrew slightly, the side of his long dick sliding along the side of my cheek. 

"Ooh, that was close. Remember, hands down! Now we have to start the clock again," he said. I started to protest, turning my face to him, and his thick dick thrusted forward again. It met my lips and now was fully erect. It had a heady, musky scent to it that was only accentuated by the heat and steam of the room. I never much like how I smelled after a workout and my wife certainly never did, though this was different. There was a mild aphrodisiac quality to it that made me slowly softening penis suddenly spring to life. This caused me to lose focus for a moment and loosen my lip muscles. At the same moment, he took one of his feet and moved it over to my own cock, causing me to gasp. It was at this moment that he took his opportunity. His hips bucked forward and the massive tool plunged past my lips into my mouth. "There it is! I new I'd get it in there before long! Too bad for you! I win...now I get the spoils. Suck this cock, boy!"

I mumbled in protest, but for some reason, still kept my arms down like I was playing the game. His hips started rhythmically move in and out. I had my first taste of cock. As repulsed as I was initially, I retained some curiosity about it and it wasn't unpleasant. In fact, I was becoming more aroused by the moment. Ashamed of this, I masked my arousal by acting like I was ethically obeying the rules of the game. I made an angry look up at him in mock protest, but I was losing myself to this act of rape at the same time. I couldn't call it rape. I was allowing it to happen as much as he was making me do it.

"That's right. Suck that cock. Take it all the way in. I want you to enjoy this dick," he said. I obeyed and allowed it to slide in and out of my open mouth. He withdrew just out of reach of my lips and my mouth stayed open. I saw small beads of pre-cum oozing from the tip. "Stick out your tongue, boy," he said. I obeyed again, and he touched the tip of his throbbing penis to my tongue, dripping the thick fluid into my mouth. It tasted slightly salty, but largely tasteless. It created a long line of stretched-out fluid like a spider's web as he pulled his dick away from my mouth. He then plunged it back in and it touched the back of my throat. It wasn't even halfway in my mouth.

"That it, son. You're doing great." He grabbed his dick with one hand, and grabbed the back of my head with the other. "Now, you're going to learn to take it all in," he said. His huge penis began to move in and out of my mouth, each time pressing harder against the back of my throat. It made me gag quickly. With each gag, he kept it there, applying no further pressure until the reflex abated. My hands reflexively sprung to his hips to keep from pushing his cock further down my throat. "Breathe through your nose. Relax. That's it. Take this big cock, boy. Suck that dick." 

Each thrust was going further and further in until I was sure I'd check and started resisting more. This made him increase his pace and he put both his hands on either side of my head, grasping my hair. By hands pushing against his hips were useless as he had all the leverage. He was grunting with each thrust, saying over and over, "Yeah! Suck that cock, boy. Take that big fat dick! You're going to take my load, aren't you, boy? That's right, I'm going to shoot my cum all over your face." I looked up, appalled. I hadn't considered that. He was going to cum, and I was going to be forced to take it all. His thrusts became more deliberate. "I know you can't take the whole thing. You're doing great! Now you're going taste a real man's cum in your mouth! Yeah! Here it comes!" he grunted loudly.

With one hand still holding my head, he pulled his throbbing cock out of my mouth with his other. It glistened with saliva and his sweat as it poured off his chin and his chest. He held it tightly and then jets of semen shot out into my waiting mouth. His cock jerked as it spewed pulses of cum in the air and grunted loudly. His sweat fell on my face as the cum splattered my face. Some got in my eyes and hair. I couldn't believe he could cum so much. It seemed like thirteen or fourteen shots of cum hit me. He then pulled my face to his red and angry tool and said, "Yeah, that's it. Lick that cum off me. Lick it all off my fat cock." I did as I was told, amazed that I was being so submissive. The cum was thick on my tongue and tasted saltier than the previous drops of lubricant he'd placed on there beforehand. It wasn't disgusting. I was drunk with the feeling of being dominated by this man and wouldn't think of denying him now. His penis began to soften and withdraw into its sheath of foreskin. I could feel the thick semen dripping from my chin. My eyes burned terribly from the combination of cum and sweat now flooding them, but I couldn't move. He said, "You did real good, son. Now go clean your face up. I'm sure your eyes are burning." He chuckled as he stepped down to the floor. I heard him plop onto the bench as I plunged the towel into the water and wiped my face with it. Finally, able to see, I looked back where I'd been only a moment before. I saw James relaxed against the bench; his now flaccid but still reddened cock lay lifeless between his legs. I couldn't believe this had just happened to me.

Just then, the door to the steam room opened and a tall man entered the room. Looking around, he saw James, naked on the bench, and then myself hovering over the water bucket, also naked, but with an erection that wouldn't go away. 

"Well, what happened in here?" he asked. The other towel was thrown around the floor and drops of semen still lay oozing down my chest and abdomen. 

"Oh, not much," said James. "Just holding a little lecture in here. Kevin here learns real quick. He sure can hold his end of a bargain."

"Well that's good to know. You look like you had fun in here, James. How've you been?" he asked.

"You know each other?" I asked, shocked.

"Oh yeah," said James. "He works here at the spa and gets a little action like I do on occasion. Looks like you've got some good timing today. Kevin here just got broken in." 

I was frantically looking around the room now between the two of them. "I'm Mike, by the way, Kevin. Nice to meet you," he said as he started walking toward me. His hand moved to the knot on his towel.