 Disclaimer - This story contains non-consensual / forced acts & all participants are over the age of 18.

I'd started at a new gym just recently and after each workout, I'd go relax in the steam room.

There was one guy that seemed to be there every time that I was, which to be honest, made me slightly wary. 'It's just a guy relaxing.' I'd tell myself.

One time though, I found out what he was really doing in there.

****

The steam room was quite a large one and had plenty of turns and corners so that you could sit in a private area, if you didn't want to mix with the people already there. Kind of like a private booth in a bar.

After a particular gruelling workout, I'd gone through the twists and turns to the furthest private corner and sat down to relax, in the peace and quiet. Ten minutes or so must have gone by when I opened my eyes and was shocked to see a guy sat opposite me - stroking his dick!

My eyes of course, immediately went to his bulging penis. It must have been about eight inches long and was incredibly fat. My mouth fell open at the girth and I immediately placed a hand over mine. I looked up to the guys face and realised that it was the same guy I'd seen in there, time and time again. 

"What the hell?" I muttered under my breath. I stood up and started to walk past him, in a bid to get the hell out of there, but as I passed him, he grabbed my towel from behind and yanked it away - leaving me stark naked!

"What the fuck?" I spun around to face him.

"It's just me and you in here boy. No-one else." He grinned at me.

Fully aware that my cock was on show, I made a grab for the towel that was in his hand. This, I realised afterwards, was the wrong move to make, as it allowed him to catch me off balance and as I fell to the side, I ended up resting over a half height tiled wall, my arms taking the brunt of my fall and my ass in a perfect position for him.

I felt him come up behind me quickly and before I had time to move, I felt his hands on my shoulders pushing me down further, bending me over the wall even more. He pushed his thick erect cock on to my ass - trapping me between the wall and himself.

"Get the f.."

"Shut the fuck up." He growled in my ear, startling me. "I know this is what you want. You think I didn't see you looking at me each time you saw me? Huh?!"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Yes you do. Now spread your legs and start begging."

"What?"

"You heard me!" He shouted at me. "And while you're begging me to take your sweet ass, you can call me daddy."

"Look, you sick .."

THWACK!

"Ow!!" I yelped out.

THWACK!

His hand came down hard on my ass for the second time.

"What did I tell you to call me?" He shouted at me.

"No. Stop.." I gulped

THWACK!

"Fuck!" I shouted out loud and felt my eyes well up with tears at the sting, my cock, however, began to tingle.

He trailed his finger between my ass cheeks and pushed me further down, making my ass even more accessible. 

"Say it." He growled at me.

"No." I mumbled, ashamed of what was happening.

I gritted my teeth as he pushed a finger against my ass hole. I squirmed, trying to escape, but he wasn't having any of it. With one thrust, the pressure increased and his finger slipped in to my ass. 

"Urgggh." I grunted.

As he moved his finger around, I was shocked to find that I actually liked the feeling. My cock began to stiffen. How could I enjoy this? I wasn't gay, and he was practically forcing himself on me! He must have known what had happened as he grabbed my now fully hard cock with his other hand.

"I knew it." He chuckled.

He shoved his finger further in to me and started to rub on a certain spot, making me moan out loud.

"Ohhh." I gulped as I moaned. 

"Yeah .. You like that don't you?"

He moved his finger against the spot again, making me moan louder and for longer. Maybe this was all he wanted? Maybe it'd be over soon, I thought to myself.

"Say it. Call me Daddy." He grunted at me, moving his finger around.

"Daddy... Please daddy." I moaned out.

I heard him spit then felt him jiggle his cock behind me, against my bum. He'd obviously rubbed his spit along it. I pushed my ass back, on to his finger. I wanted him to focus on this, I wanted him to finger fuck my ass. I didn't want him to actually fuck me.

"You want more, huh?"

"Oh yes Daddy. Fuck my ass with your finger." I groaned. "Don't stop ..." I gasped as he pushed a second finger against my hole.

"Don't you worry boy. I'm not stopping. I want to see you shoot your load everywhere."

"Ohh yes. Make me cum daddy."

I moaned again as his second finger popped through. He gave me only a second of pleasure before withdrawing both fingers. I felt something else prod at the tip of my entrance. His hands grabbed my cheeks and spread them wide apart, then I felt his warm fleshy cock rest at my ass hole.

"No!" I jerked forward, not wanting this.

"Don't you tell me no!" He growled at me. "I can do what I want with you, when I want. Do you understand?"

"No... Stop." I struggled.

I felt him shift his weight as he positioned himself. He still had my cheeks spread apart and he pushed me forwards, further over the wall. He placed his cock at the top of my virgin ass hole and pressed hard. This time, I didn't protest. I couldn't, because as I stood there, bracing myself, I realised that I was actually enjoying the feeling of his cock against my ass hole. I liked the pressure that I could feel. I grabbed hold of my own hard cock, thinking of being fucked in the ass, and began to pump it slowly.

As he pushed at my entrance harder, I moaned out loud as the pressure increased and the feeling was amazing. 

"Fuck boy. You've never been fucked up here, have you?" He grunted with each word.

"It feels so good daddy." I whispered.

I no longer wanted to protest. It felt too good.

"Of course it does. Now, push out."

I pushed my ass out, I felt my hole opening and then I felt the tip of his head enter me. I grunted out loud and immediately squeezed my cheeks together. Wrong move - I sucked more of his cock inside of me by squeezing my cheeks!

"Arggghh!" I cried out loud. "Oh fuck!!"

"Yes. Yes boy. Daddy's going to fuck you good."

He pushed himself further until he was all the way in. His balls resting against me. Quicker than his entrance, he withdrew himself, leaving just his soft head in. It left me with a gaping hole, feeling empty. I wanted him back.

"Please daddy." I moaned.

"Please what?"

"Put it back, daddy." I begged him.

He sunk himself back in to me. With all his length inside of me, he breathed deeply. Slowly, he began to move in and out of me, torturing me. I shuddered. It felt so fucking good. I didn't want it to end.

He withdrew from me, leaving the emptiness again. I groaned with disappointment and pleasure as he kept pushing and withdrawing to his tip. He thrust himself all the way in with one quick movement making me gasp in pain.

"Ohhh!" I shuddered as I felt a sensation that was far too good to ignore.

"Is that good? You like it, huh?"

"Yes, daddy. Yes I do." 

"Tell me you want it." He instructed me.

"Oh I want it daddy." I moaned.

"How much do you want it?" He whispered, withdrawing ever so slowly, sending a tingle through me.

"Fuck me daddy! Fuck me!!" I begged him, desperate for more. "Fuck me ass."

My cock seemed to harden even more as I spoke and I nudged my ass back, forcing more of his cock in to me.

He laughed as I kept nudging my ass back, wanting him. 

"You're my bitch now. Do you understand? Whenever I want you, I will have you."

This wasn't part of the plan, I thought. But I still replied with, "Yes daddy."

I closed my eyes and revelled in the sensation of having his huge cock deep in my ass. It hurt so fucking much but it also felt so fucking good. I'd never felt anything like this. I was getting closer to climaxing. I didn't want this to end. Ever!

I focused on the pounding that my ass was getting by his fat meaty cock. Anyone could walk in and spot us right now, but I didn't care. The thought of someone seeing us excited me more. My cock throbbed.

"I'm going to cum daddy! Make me cum!"

"Where do you want me to cum son?" He asked me.

"In my ass daddy"! Cum in my fucking ass!" I shouted in frustration, as he pounded my ass harder and harder with each thrust.

"OHHH FUCKK!" I yelled and moaned at the same time. The thought of daddy's cum in my ass was too much for me and I spurted my load over the cold tiled wall.

I felt his cock thicken and knew he was going to blow inside of me.

"Say it!" He grunted as he thrust in me.

"Cum. In. My. Ass!" I gasped. "CUM IN MY ASS!" I begged him.

"You're mine now. You're mine for the taking!"

I looked at him over my shoulder and realised he meant every word. The thought excited me. My cock tingled at the thought of us doing this again and I begged him once more.

"Fuck me wherever you want daddy! Just fill my ass with your cum. I want it in my ass!"

And I really did.

He burrowed his cock deep in me one final time and I felt his hot load spurt inside of me. He grunted as he emptied himself, then slumped over me to catch his breath.

He pulled himself out a few seconds later, ever so slowly, torturing my insides even more, and I felt the large gaping hole once more. My ass was sore and hurt but my cock was rock hard again.

He chucked as he saw my erect cock. "I knew you'd love it." He laughed at me. Then he walked out the door and left me feeling well and truly fucked.