 My wife and I finally decided to have a steam room installed at our home. We had a separate building built that would attach to the house. My wife ended up not using it very much, but I loved to come home from work and ease out there.

My son, Jerry also took advantage of our new room and started inviting his friends over. I wasn't too thrilled about having to share the steam with a bunch of young guys. I told Jerry his friends were only allowed to use the steam room when both his mother and I were not at home.

It was late one Saturday evening, when I decided to go and let the heat run through my body. I wrapped a towel around my waist and headed to the room. When I opened the door, there was an occupant. My son's best friend Tom was sprawled out on a bench.

Tom was naked on his back, stroking his cock. When the door opened, he bolted upright and reached for his towel.

"What are you doing here, Tom?" I asked.

"Jerry said I could use the steam room, is that a problem Mr. Harris?" Tom replied.

"I suppose not, if he said you could," I told Tom.

I think he was more embarrassed that I caught him stroking his meat. To be honest, seeing his cock was a bit of a turn-on. Tom was thin, but his cock had looked pretty big the few seconds I saw it.

I took a seat not too far from Tom. We both had towels covering out cocks up. I struck up a conversation with my new friend. The heat was building up now and I felt my cock beginning to stir for some reason. Maybe it was the closeness of sitting to a naked young man, I wasn't sure.

Tom was probably 20 years old, I was twice his age. Tom must have looked over at where my towel was. There was a rise where my cock was pushing the material up. Tom asked me if he could get a bit more comfortable. I told to help himself.

Tom stood up and removed his towel. His cock was dangling there between his thin legs. He sprawled out on one of the other benches then. I couldn't take my eyes off this young man's cock. His body was glistening with beads of sweat. Some wetness seemed to be collecting at the tip of his cock.

My cock was really start to rise now. I stood up and let my towel drop to the floor. Tom looked over and his eyes got big. I walked over to him. I was just standing there. My semi-erect cock was staring straight at his face.

Tom motioned me closer. I took a couple steps forward and Tom sat up. He took my cock in his hand and brought it to his mouth. Tom then flicked his tongue all over my cock head. The heat and his warm mouth were making my cock grow huge. 

Tom then shoved my shaft down his throat. He took me deeper than my wife had ever swallowed my rod. I began to piston his mouth. Tom's cheeks were pushed out as I fed him my entire length. 

After a few minutes of this, Tom pulled his mouth off me and motioned for me to lie back on one of the benchs. I thought he wanted to continue sucking me in a better position.

I was looking up at Tom now. He was stroking his big, thick cock now. His cock was much larger than mine. Tom spread my thighs apart. I thought he was ready to go down on me, but he took his cockhead and started to rub it down my ass crack. 

I told Tom I wasn't up for that quite yet, but he started to push the tip past my ass rim. Christ, did that hurt! Tom had me pinned down to the bench, feeded me his cock, an inch at a time. He went very slowly, but he wasn't going to stop, that was for sure.

Tom raised my legs up and pushed them forward. His cock was able to slide right into me. I had never felt anything like that before. Sure, my wife pushed her finger into my butt on occasion, but nothing like this. 

Tom had my ass skewered to his thick man meat. Once completely in me, Tom started to fuck me faster.

"You wanted my cock, didn't you Jack?" he was baiting me.

"I saw your eyes looking at me the whole time," he said.

Tom was pushing me over the edge by now. I would have told him anything he liked.

"Fuck me Tom, you know how much I need this, don't make me beg for it," I was pleading now.

Tom slammed his hot pecker in all the way. Again and again he fed me his cock. His sacs were hanging very low and as he pushed into me, they hit my ass cheeks. The slapping noises were bringing me close to cumming.

His balls plus his cock hitting my prostate were stirring up all my hot seed in me. I finally couldn't hold it back. I shot a fountain of cum all over Tom's chest. This must have pushed Tom to the point of cumming.

Tom arched his back, then plowed into me like a mad bull. I felt his hot, sticky juice flooding my ass passage. I clamped down hard on his shaft, and he rewarded me with more of his love offering. Tom had a lot of cum stored in him. He must have shot into me for a full five minutes until he was finally spent.

Tom's cock slipped out of me. His love cream was coating his cock. Tom climbed onto my chest. He had me lick all his spunk off of his limp dick. This was the wildest sex I ever experienced.

Tom told me afterwards he had no idea something like this would occur. He had been horny when I walked in through the steam room door. Seeing my erection had set him off, he said.

We decided then and there that we would have more sex together. Tom wanted to feel a man's cock in his ass, he told me. We will be saving that for another time!