 As Mike strolled leisurely toward me, I backed up into the corner next to the Steam Box. No doubt sensing my rapidly increasing anxiety of the situation, James got up and walked toward the door, blocking my only exit. They both had evil grins on their faces and confidence was flowing from them freely.

"Why don't we just relax a little bit and get a little better acquainted," Mike said. "Hot in here, isn't it? Here, have some water."

He offered the bottle of water to me, but despite my dehydration I was still trying to figure a way out of the predicament. "Thanks, but I really should be going. My wife is waiting for me upstairs," I said as I started to walk around him. He placed his hand on my chest and blocked my way.

"Hold on. I'm sure she's taking full advantage of our hospitality here and it relaxing after a day on the slopes. Why don't you let her have a breather. You look like you need one as well. Have some water," he said, offering me the water again and apparently trying to herd me into sitting on the bench. 

I took the water, gulped down almost half of it right away, and handed the remainder back to him. "Thanks," I said.

"No problem, Kevin. Here, have a seat," he said. He was very friendly as he talked, almost comforting given the circumstances. "So how do you like the spa?" he asked.

"Well, it's nice. I just wasn't expecting all this. I'm sure that my wife is wondering where I am, so I should probably get back up there. Thanks for the water, though," I said, and braced myself to stand. He was sitting next to me and quickly put his hand on my shoulder. He was easily three or four inches taller than I and more muscular as well. His body presented very little fat and was thin, but the muscles were very well defined and shown even more so with the layer of sweat now dripping from him.

"What's the rush? We're just getting acquainted, right?" he said. He then pulled his towel off and offered it to me, standing to face me. "You're sweating like mad, Kevin. Take my towel." I took it and wiped my face with it instinctively. His cock pointed straight at me now as I sat on the bench. He, too was uncircumcised. He was shaved all over and had the appearance of a cyclist. His rippling thighs were in stark contrast to the relatively thin upper body and he had a sharp tan line ceasing halfway down his quadriceps. His penis was semi erect but angled downward a bit. He appeared to be larger than even James was. His smooth balls swung low between his legs. I began to wonder what they put in the water in Utah.

I looked over at James who appeared to be enjoying himself leaning against the door. He smiled at me and said, "There now-everyone is more calm now. How do you like that package, Kev? Pretty nice, isn't it?"

I glanced up at Mike, still standing in front of me. His hand moved to his stiffening rod and he caressed it gently. I felt my own cock begin to stir. If I had been impressed by James' penis, I was positively envious of Mike's. The combination of his toned, tall body and the huge tool between his legs seemed to be too much good fortune for one man to be graced with. "Would you like to touch it, Kev? I think it likes you," he said. He took half a step toward me, which made me lean back a bit. I had seen this movie once today and knew how it would end. I felt the resistance waning inside me. Still, I didn't like the idea of being taken advantage of twice. I got up quickly and brushed past Mike. James assumed a more defensive posture, blocking my way, and Mike grabbed my left arm from behind. 

I was spun around and was grappled by two large, naked men and held fast. Mike grabbed me completely from the back and with his arms tightly around my arms and chest, lifted my five-foot ten inch frame easily off the ground as I kicked wildly. I could feel his rock hard cock pressing into my back. James snatched at my feet, finally grabbing the both of them and they carried me to the benches near the steam box. James knocked over the bucket and the remaining water fell into the box, quickly enveloping the room in a dense, opaque cloud of steam. I could see nothing but two large guys in the mist holding me down tightly. I shouted for help, but James stuffed a towel into my mouth. 

"Relax, Kevin. You know as well as I do that there is no way out right now. Besides, I'm sure you're going to enjoy yourself!" said Mike. Both their cocks were hard as iron and swung menacingly between their legs. Mike suddenly straddled my chest, sitting on me up high, and he pinned my arms tightly at my side. His long, stiff penis touched my chin. I was turning my head from side to side to prevent the inevitable. James was holding down my legs behind Mike. The bench was quite hot underneath me. "Do you need some help there, Mike?" asked James.

"Sure, that'd be great. He's playing hard to get. He doesn't realize that it just makes me harder! Open your mouth, boy. I know you want this!" he said, firmly. I resisted, still moving my head from side to side. 

His cock was simply massive. It seemed about nine inches in length now that it was fully erect, and the thickness was approaching the size of my wrist, which as wrists go was nothing to write home about. But when you have a penis that size, it becomes impressive to say the least. His foreskin barely contained his fat cock head and showed the contours of its mushroom like appearance easily. The foreskin was not as thick as James' was, but there was more mass to fill up the difference. I had never really had any homosexual or bisexual tendencies aside from curiosity, but his cock was truly beautiful to see. I wanted to stare at it and explore it, but I was being raped here, and that had to stop. Suddenly I felt a firm hand on my balls, causing me to yelp. "There we go!" said Mike, and grabbing the back of my head, he plunged his huge hot dick into my mouth.

It only went in a few inches at first, but because it angled downward when erect, it allowed for easy entry into my mouth. With James still holding me by the balls, Mike said, "Look, if you don't want your balls crushed, start doing as you're told. Now suck my dick like you did his." He started moving it in and out, getting a little deeper each time. His testicles lay on my neck as he slowly pushed his pulsating cock past my lips. James began to loosen his grip and I could relax a little. "That's better. Suck that cock, boy. You gonna be good, now?" he asked. I nodded, unable to talk with my mouth stretched full.

"Good. I'm going to get off you now. If you run for it, you'll regret it, I promise," he said. He then dismounted my chest and James let go of my testicles which now ached significantly. He climbed to the top bench, where I lay and said, "Get on all fours." I did what I was told. He sat down on the bench with his back against the wall. On all fours facing him, he said, "Ok, now take it in your mouth. Suck that thing good." 

I put my hand gingery around its base and put my mouth over his fat uncut cock. I started bobbing my head up and down on him, savoring his clean smell mingled with sweat, which dripped from my in sheets. He started saying, "Oh yeah that's good. Suck that cock. Take it deeper, boy." He put one hand on the back of my head and pushed me down lightly, which forced his long shaft deeper in my throat, making me gag. 

At the same time, I felt James behind me caressing my buttocks and suddenly heard what sounded like him spitting and then he began to rub my asshole, sticking one finger inside as he did. I grunted while Mike had his cock deep in my mouth. Everything touched was slick with copious amounts of sweat and the steam was still dense as could be. I felt James leaning against my ass from behind and then some pressure directly on my rectum. Mike had his hand on the back of my head and then I felt James' leg in between my knees and one of his hands on my back, now parallel with the ground. I tried to turn my head around to protest what I knew was coming, but Mike grabbed me roughly by the hair and kept me on his fat cock, making me gag a little as he forced me down on it.

"I think James wants a little more now. Let's not be rude. Keep sucking my cock, Kevin. You're doing great," he said. I felt some pressure on my rectum and then James' cock head slid into my virgin ass. I groaned a bit when he entered me. There was a sharp pain, but he moved his dick slowly, allowing me to get used to the thick rod now sliding into me. 

"Yeah, son. That's it. Let's loosen that ass up a little. Take this dick, boy!" he growled. I kept sucking on Mike's massive tool as James tried harder to push into me. He was clearly having issues with it so he pulled out, grabbed a towel on the floor and briskly walked out of the room for a moment.

"Oh, I'm sure he'll be right back. Don't get any ideas. Here, lick my balls. Take them into your mouth," Mike said. He pulled his cock away and pulled me down to his testicles. I sucked on his balls as he moaned in approval. Then James re-entered the room with a small bottle in his hand. As he was walking in, he opened his towel and freed his thick uncut penis, pouring some clear lubricant on it from the bottle. He then assumed his prior position between my legs. Sensing the inevitable, I panicked and tried to hop off the bench, but Mike had me before I got off. He pulled me straight out and my chest and abdomen went flat onto the lower bench. James pushed my ass down and Mike had me by the arms. I then felt James lay on top of me with his thick cock wedging itself into the crack of my ass. "Oh, you're taking this dick alright. Squirming only makes it better", he said. Then I felt him pushing his now slick, hard cock into my asshole. It went in easier but still hurt. He took his time and I tried to lay still, as moving around seemed to cause more discomfort. He began pushing in and out with slow strokes. Now that it was slick, it moved easy and was beginning to feel quite good. I stopped resisting.

The combination of heat, sweat, and being ravaged was starting to feel exhilarating. Then James shoved his cock into me until his balls touched my own. I let out a loud, "OH!", and he started laughing. "That feels good, doesn't it, boy? Damn, you've got a tight ass," he said. Mike started chuckling too as he continued to hold my arms down. James was now slowly moving his big dick back and forth inside me. He would nearly remove it completely, and then shove it back in until I thought he'd rip me apart. The pain, which had been excrutiating was now replaced by an endorphin rush and I began to move my ass in time with his thrusts. His thick body still remained completely on top of me and the sweat falling off his body mixed with my own. I began to moan as he plunged his tool inside me, the feeling was just incredible. I had totally succumbed to this.

"I think he's getting into it now. Why don't we trade places? Come back here and get some of this," said James and he pulled out of my ass, taking my breath away. As he got up, they didn't have to tell me to stay put. I did that on my own. Mike let go of my arms and walked around behind me. James walked to the water bucket and picked up a towel. Wetting it, he cleaned off his dick and sat near my head, stroking his cock. 

Mike put on some lube and his magnificent cock glistened in the low light. The steam still permeated the room. He lifted me up and said, "Now, stand facing James and lean over him." I placed both hands on the bench either side of James so that my head hovered only inches from his cock. It was an "assume the position" type stance with my legs apart. I felt Mike hold my hip with one hand and guide his enormous rod into my ass. It entered with much less resistance, but the stretching was beyond anything I'd experienced with James. It was hot and rock hard. The curve of it slid into my ass, and I shouted loudly as he plunged it into my depths. He grabbed my hips with both hands and began moving back and forth. Slowly at first, and then with stronger and faster strokes. Sweat poured off my face onto James' cock as he stroked it. I shouted, "Oh! Oh GOD!" with each of his strokes inside me. It felt like being impaled, but I was loving it.

James was talking to me the whole time, repeating over and over, "You like that? Yeah, you love that cock, don't you? You're going to be our bitch. We're going to fuck your tight ass every day you're here."

Mike was plowing me with abandon now, slamming his fat cock deep inside me. Finally he started shouting, "Oh yeah, I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum! Get on your knees!" He pulled out of my ass and pushed me down on the ground. They both stood in front of me stroking their long dicks inches from my face. James held me by the hair and Mike started grunting loudly while gripping his slick cock in front of my face. It then erupted as jets of thick white semen shot out spraying my face in spasm after spasm. The grip on my head prevented me from turning away and it felt as if my entire face was covered with it. Cum dripped in a torrent down my face and fell to the ground as finally the spray was reduced to a trickle. 

James began grunting loudly now saying, "Oh yeah, here it comes!" and Mike moved out of the way. "Open your mouth, boy! Open it now!" he shouted, and squeezed his already tight grip on my hair. I howled in pain and he shoved his fat, reddened cock deep into my mouth. I felt his cum spray the back of my throat as he came like a firehose. Cum seemed like it poured out of mouth. His dick pressed against the back of my throat and I gagged, then swallowed what I could of his thick semen.

I sat there on my knees as they two men backed away, their long dicks still in their hands. They squeezed the last drops of cum out their cocks and sat down next to each other. I grabbed one of the towels nearby and wiped my face with it. "Nice job, boy," James said. "You did real well. We'll be expecting you here same time tomorrow," he said as Mike chuckled in agreement next to him. I wrapped my towel feebly around my waist and walked through the door. 

The cold air in the locker room washed over me and I went immediately to the showers. There were two other guys in there, but I could have cared less about modesty at this point. I threw the towel on the floor and showered the remains of the day's activities off. Sweat and semen alike washed down the drain. I dried off with a fresh towel, threw my clothes on and headed back to my room where my wife was sure to be wondering where the hell I had been.

When I walked in, she was nowhere to be found. I grabbed a bottle of water I had nearby and guzzled it down. I then fell on the bed in complete exhaustion. My asshole ached and I felt completely depleted of water. I was happy she wasn't in here, lest she pick up on something – perhaps a guilty expression on my face. For now I fell asleep on my back on our bed wondering how I'd get through the next three days. I felt sure to see those guys again. To what end, I couldn't say.