 I had just received the best blow job in my life and my very first piece of a man's ass. My 9 inches was still as hard as a rock stuffed and cramped in my pants, and I was still horny and ready to explore some more. Maybe I could find a woman in one of these cubicles that would give me some pussy. Even if I didn't, I just might let some other guy suck it if he wanted to. 

As I maneuvered my way around the dark hallways with their dead end cubicles, I stumbled onto another guy kneeling and sucking a cock through a hole in the wall. While he slurped on this hard dick protruding through the hole, he stroked his little 5 or 6 inch hard cock in his hand. He looked up at me and then I stepped back and motioned to him like I like I was excusing myself, but in reality I just kind of hid myself and watched. He didn't seem to mind my presence either way, as he went straight back to the hard cock in front of him like I wasn't even there.

This was so hot to me because I had never seen two people have sex before. I mean, I had seen lots of porno, but never any real live people have sex. This guy was so lost and obsessed with the cock in his mouth that he wouldn't have noticed if the roof had fallen in. His eyes were closed like he was dreaming as he seemed lost in his work. So gently and passionately, he lovingly labored and nursed on the 7 inch cut cock in his mouth. 

Every couple of minutes he would unscrew a little brown bottle and place it under each nostril, inhaling as deep as he could. Within seconds after inhaling, he was moaning and groaning, and had redoubled his efforts on that cock. Whatever was in that bottle sure made him enthusiastic about doing a first class job on his willing partner.

After watching for a couple of minute, I unzipped my pants and hauled my cock out and stroked it while I watched the show he was putting on. As I stepped in a little closer to get a better view, my shadow fell over him and he craned his neck around without releasing the cock in his mouth to get a look at me. He stared at my face for a second and then his eyes dropped to my hard cock. 

Getting off his knees, he half stood and while now leaning forward to service that cock, he never once relinquished his lip service on his friend. On his feet now and bending at the waist, he gently lowered his pants and underwear, exposing his young smooth ass to me. 

"Put it in me please, don't waste it.", he begged me.

I eased up behind him and put the tip of my cock against his ass. He reminded me of myself in a way, same height, same weight and about my same physique too. This guy could have been a student at my school judging by his age. It didn't matter to me though, I was getting ready to grab those smooth girlie hips and wear his ass out. 

As I lined my cock up on his pink hole and tried to enter, he was so dry that it kind of hurt my hard cock trying to poke it in. So, I just leaned my mouth directly over his ass and let a long stream of spittle drop right on the top of his butt crack, and then watched and waited until it pooled around the tip of my cock and his butt hole. I smeared all my spit around my cock head and his hole and started forcing my dick in. I had it pretty lubricated and this helped some, but right from the start he was squirming around and flinching from my assault on his tight hole. I got about two or three inches in, when he pulled off and dislodged me.

"Dude, do you have any lubricant, it kind of hurts?", he asked.

I just replied and simple, "No.", and stood there behind him stroking my cock.

"Well, please try to go slower." , he begged.

Fat chance of that, I thought to myself. Once I get it all the way in, I'm going to wear this sweet ass out. So, in the meantime, I played along and let more spit dribble onto that hole. It wasn't really the lack of lubricant, it was the size of my big cock and the size of his tiny ass hole, that was the problem. If he was willing and could stand the initial onslaught, we would get that tiny ass hole properly fucked. 

Lined up good on his hole again, I started pushing through and was making a little progress entering him as he squirmed around some more. He opened that little brown bottle again and inhaled deeply in each nostril. It seemed to either relax him or fortify his need for a cock in his ass, cause right away I sunk about 5 or 6 inches straight up there without him wriggling away too much. 

"Please, please, go slow, let me relax on it.", he begged around the cock in his mouth.

I don't know what he was complaining about, I mean his cock was still hard in his fist so I knew he liked it. So, I slowed down for about 10 very short strokes, not going any deeper, just hoping he would shut up and quit his bitching. I couldn't help myself though, because I was so horny that just a few seconds later I was trying to get more in that tight ass. Again he snorted down some heavy inhalations on his bottle in each nostril, while I just kept shoving more up that tight ass. Every time I pushed in, he would grunt or make these sissy whining noises, which really just made my cock harder than before. His crying was turning me on as I now had about 7 or 8 inches in his ass.

"Please man, you are really killing me, please slow it down some.", he mumbled with tears in his eyes.

I didn't feel sorry for him at all. I mean, fuck, he asked for it. The little sissy ought to just shut up and give up the ass he offered. I was too horny to stop, so I just grabbed his hips and jammed the last couple of inches in. I thought he could nut up and handle it, but he jumped up like he had been branded with a hot poker. 

He yelped around the cock in his mouth so loud, I'm sure everybody in the place heard it, but I just held on his hips and laid deep and still in him while I forced my weight to push his mouth on the cock in front of him. He never took his mouth off that cock, but both his hands and fingers frantically pushed at my legs and groin trying to dislodge me or get me to back off.

He wasn't going anywhere now, I had him jammed on a hard dick in his mouth and impaled on my 9 inches in his ass. With his lips pressed against the wall swallowing that cock in his mouth and deep into his throat, I started pumping that tender smooth ass good and hard for him. He whimpered, he cried, he sobbed and he moaned, but after 10 or 20 deep strokes he finally gave up and let me have my way. I never pulled out more than an inch, I just left the whole thing in and rocked back and forth.

At this point he seemed like he had relaxed some and was starting to get used to me a little bit. He was still crying and whimpering, but I really enjoyed seeing him struggle some more on it. His crying was really turning me on so I began to abuse that ass unmercifully as I started to long dick him deep and hard.

I held his hips tight and rough while I punched my cock in and out his ass. I was pulling my cock out almost all the way, until just the tip was lodged in there, and then punching it in hard and deep til I bottomed out. Every single time I hit the bottom of the guts in his ass, he would flinch away from me and sob or grunt. We got a steady rhythm going, I would bottom out and he would grunt and flinch while he jerked his little cock. This boy was getting a first class ass fucking and I knew he would never forget this night. I was sure he would walk bow legged for a few days.

As I slammed hard into him, the guy getting his cock sucked was getting some good deep throat action along with a lot of moaning vibrations on his cock. I just couldn't stand his crying and moaning anymore, it totally put me over the edge. My cock started spraying deep in his rectum so I held him as tight by the hips as I could and pounded him relentlessly. I'm sure I had at least 10 contractions of cum blow up that ass. The guy getting sucked was on the same page as me, I think he knew what was happening on the other side of the wall, even though he couldn't see and he was ready too.

My little sissy just spread his legs wide and let me corn hole that ass deep. He started gulping in his throat while I filled his ass. I knew they guy getting his cock sucked was filling his stomach good for him. He groaned and cried as his own cock erupted sending sprays all over the floor and wall. I just kept pumping away, proud of myself for the way I abused that ass and made him cum. 

The glory hole finally emptied and we were left alone. I didn't pull out of that ass yet because my cock was still hard. As he dropped to his hands and knees on the dirty floor, I followed him down, never removing my still hard cock. I bent my knees real low while holding on to his hips and just kept slowly sliding in and out his well lubricated ass. He tried to crawl away from me as to dislodge my cock from him, but I held onto his hips tight and kind of crab walked behind him, never giving his sore ass a break.

"Please dude, no more, I've had enough.", he sobbed.

So, regretfully I pulled out and sat down on the little plywood bench behind me. As he sat with his pants bunched around his ankles on the grimy cum filled floor, staring at my still hard 9 inches, I grabbed the base of my shaft with my fist and shook it for him. He crawled over between my legs and like a little puppy, he licked and cleaned my stiff pole. I let him slurp on it for a couple of minutes while he stared lovingly into my eyes.

I looked at my watch and saw it was now 4:30 in the morning, so I tugged my cock away from him and pulled up my pants. I really had to go, so I stood, zipped up and patted him on the head and began to exit this maze and go home.

To be continued.......................................