 I had been chatting with a guy, lets call him Kurt, online for a little bit. He seemed nice and chill and was into me being a bit nervous and wanting to go at my own pace. I'd been fucked in the ass twice before and had experiences that made me want to try more. I also really enjoyed playing with toys. My first two times were with guys that were smaller and I wanted to try moving up in size.

I'm in my mid-twenties, slim, pale, tall and smooth and have been told I have a cute little butt. I wanted to be fucked by someone with a cock my size or even a little bigger. Kurt was mid-thirties, average height with a nice build and a very nice penis. Maybe 6.5 inches and a regular thickness. Just the size I wanted to try. We ended up meeting a couple times and he was very kind and slow going with me. We continued to chat online talking about dirty fantasies and things we enjoyed. I didn't know he'd actually listen to me.

Kurt invited me over one evening, so I cleaned up and wandered to his place. He greeted me at the door, welcomed me in and gave me a drink as we sat on his couch. We chatted in the livingroom for a while and had a few more drinks. I was usually awkward about getting things going but after a few drinks I was getting brave and suddenly stood up and pulled me shirt off, unzipped my pants and slid the off and stood in front of Kurt. 

"Now, that's what I love to see and play with," he said as a large grin spread over his face. He looked at my slim little body and the little black thong I had on. 

"Why don't you turn around and let me get a good look at that body of yours," he asked me.

I did as he asked, running my hands up my sides, playfully slapping my ass and then gently spreading my ass cheeks open to show him the strip of throng running up my crack. He stared as I showed him my ass and then turned and pinched my nibbles and rubbed the growing bulg at my crotch. 

"You like what you see?" I asked him coyly. "Do you want to peel these underwear off and fuck my hole?"

"I see someone's moved from being shy and nervous to being excited," Kurt said as he eyed my swelling crotch.

"Damn, that's hot," he said as I smiled dumbly, pulled the front of my thong down a little to show him that I had shaved myself smooth. He grinned and undid his pants revealing his hard cock straining against his underwear. 

"Come on over here and get familiar with this growth in my shorts." He beckoned me over and I walked to him, rubbed my hand on his hidden member then turned, lowered my ass and began to grind it into him. I could feel his hard erection against my ass and got excited and pressed myself against him, running up and down his length. 

With a slap of my ass Kurt said, "Sit that little ass down on the couch here."

I figured I was about to be fucked, which was what I wanted. Instead Kurt got up and walked down the hall way to his bedroom.

"Get yourself another drink and stay horny. I'll be right back," he said over his shoulder.

A few minutes later he wandered back down the hall, butt naked with a bottle of lube in one hand and condoms in the other his erect penis bouncing as he walked. I grinned in anticipation of riding that dick and feeling him push into my manhole. 

As I moved to get up he said, "Sit, I've got something you can work on from there." He set down the lube and condoms and walked up to me and presented his hot pulsating cock to me, which I quickly opened my mouth to accept. 

He had a nice smooth shaft and he had a nice bubbled head on his hog, it was purple and engorged with blood as I swirled my tongue over and started sucking just the tip. I could taste his precum on my lips and tongue as I ran it up his slit. He moaned and grabbed the sides of my head and pushed towards me. I didn't fight it, I opened my mouth and let him push his cock further in. I reached up and began running my hand up and down his shaft milking his precum into my mouth.

"Ah, hell ya. Love the feel of your lips wrapped around my cock," he groaned at me.

I continued sucking and jerking his rock hard dick as he pushed it in and out of my mouth. I'm not usually into sucking cock but this evening it was really turning me on, I think a mix of alcohol and excitment was getting me into it. 

Kurt then pulled out of my mouth, "If I give you what you want are you going to give me what I want?"

"Yes," I told him with one hand still wrapped around his stiff cock. I was thinking he wanted me to swallow his cum as I hadn't done that yet. 

"Good. Get on your hands and knees on the floor," he said with a smile.

My cock tingled in my thong in anticipation of the anal fucking I knew was coming. His cock filled me up a lot and gave me a pleasant stretched feeling. It was that stretched feeling that I craved the most sexually. It sent me over the top to feel it.

I got on all fours on the floor and Kurt knelt behind me and began to play with my ass. He spanked me lightly, rubbed my ass and spread my butt apart. He ran his hands up my lower back then grabbed the top of my thong and pulled it up tight, yanking the material tightly against my hole.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh!! Mmmmmm yes. Pull it tight. That feels soooooo good," I moaned at him.

The material rubbing over my sensitive manhole sent tingles throughout my body and I pushed my ass back towards him as he pulled on my thong and moved it side to side. He gathered the top in one hand and reached around to stroke my bulging cock from behind. The feel of his fingers brushing my stiff penis was great and it only made it swell more. 

"God, I'm gonna to lose it, I'm so hot, so horny! I want your cock in me! I want you to fuck the shit out of my ass!" 

It was then that I decided, tonight I was going to let him fuck me then I was going stop him and suck his cock when it was fresh from my ass! 

"Ya, you like that? You like when I play with your ass and tease your cock?" he kept teasing me and getting me massively turned on.

"So if I give you what you want you'll give me what I want?"

"Yes!" I throatily breathed at him, thinking how much he'd love me doing ass to mouth for him, a fantasy he had, and swallowing his load.

He kept grinding my thong against my ass but leaned into me with his stiff cock and rubbed it up my crack as well. I was in heaven. The feel of his raw hot thick member against my soft skin was unreal.

"I need that in me Kurt! I want you to slide it inside me and fuck my ass," I pleaded with him.

He stopped rubbing his cock against my ass, let go off my thong and picked up the lube. He pulled my thong down around my knees and poured lube down my ass cheeks and crack. He rubbed it over my smooth skin, working it over my puckered hole, rubbing it and slipping a finger into me. 

"Ohhh... hhhhhh... hhhhhh," I moaned as his digit past into me.

He worked his finger in and out of my ass, the slippery lube giving him no resistance. I moaned in pleasure as he finger fucked my hole.

"Ohhhh... putttttt... another one in!"

A second finger penetrated me and Kurt ran them deep inside, I could feel him massage my prostate and it sent fireworks through my body. I bucked back against his fingers and tried to push his hand up my ass. I felt his fingers pull out and heard a condom open. 

"You ready to have the cute little ass opened up?" he asked as he grabbed my hips and eased in behind me. Then the flared head of his cock was at my ass. Nerves shot through me, but the mix of booze and excitement pushed the worry down and I gently pushed back towards him. He began to ease his hard cock into me. I could feel the head start to spread me open making my hole tingle as it opened to accept him. He pushed more and my anal muscles began to stretch open, a slight tension as he pushed them further apart than normal. 

"There you go, ease that hole up. Fuck your ass is so goddamn tight!"

I moaned and breathed shallow in anticipation of his head pooping past my spincter and into my ass. That pop is one of the most magical feelings and I could take it over and over again. Just before my hole welcomed him in he stop and held himself there. I tried to push back but he pushed me forward to hold me in place. Kurt was much heavier and stronger than me and I really gave him no challenge. 

"If I give it to you, you'll give me what I want in return?"

"God, yes! Anything you want I'll give you, just FUCK ME!" I going to suck every drop of cum from your nuts and slop all my ass juice off your dick after you fuck me I screamed in my head. 

"Yeah?" he asked once more.

"Yes, yes please just fuck me. Fuck me the way I want to be fucked, use my hole, plow that cock into me," I begged. I heard Kurt laugh a little then felt the tip of his cock ease the rest of the way into my ass. 

"Hhhhhuuuuuuuuuu!! Ohhhhhhhhh fuck... push it in me."

The flared edge of his head pushed through my hole and into me and my ass clenched down on his rigid pole as it slowly slid into me. He began to pull out slowly, letting the tip of his cock pull my asshole open before slowly pushing it back in again. My whole body shook from the pleasure this was giving me. The continual forcing open of my back entrance was unreal and I basked in the sensation of it. 

"Yes, yes put that cock in me... fuck I love it," I grunted as I felt his shaft entering me.

He began pushing deeper inside me, spread me open a little more with each thrust. This was what I wanted, a piece of hot man meat inside me. Kurt built up a nice slow steady rythme and I rocked my willing ass back and forth in time with his pumping. 

"Take that cock. Ya, look at that ass swallow it up. Fuck ya you take it so well," Kurt told me as he slid his manhood in and out of my puckered pink hole.

My breathing was coming in gasps and my arms got weak and I put my head on the floor and pushed my ass up in the air. Kurt stopped, repositioned himself in a squat over my up raised ass and began rythmically churning my bowls with his cock.

"Uhhhhh... Uhhhhh... mmhhhhhh... open me up, open me up... deeper... push it deeper!!" I urged him on as I savoured the feel of his hot penis inside me.

He once more stopped and asked me, "If you're getting what you want are you going to give me what I want?"

I eagerly told him "yes," as his fleshy penis buried itself in me. 

"Good, because I've called a buddy to come over and the two of us are going to fuck you tonight. You're going to be my slut, we're going to act out all those dirty fantasies you told me about and it's going to be with me."

"What?! Oh, no, no, no!!" I gasped. 

The thought of some stranger walking in, seeing me with my face on the floor, my ass in the air, and a man's dick impaled in my ass freaked the hell out of me. I tried to scramble up but Kurt held me down and continued working his cock in and out of my ass. 

"Where do you think you're going? You just stay right there and take this cock until company shows up to help fuck you," Kurt grinned at me from his position buried in my asshole. 

Fear bubbled up inside me, I wanted to leave, to escape. But there was another part of me that was excited by the idea of being fucked by two guys, that it was hot and something I'd thought about and jerked off too. This mixed with the immense pleasure I was getting from Kurt's dick in my anus.

Kurt reached down and started playing with my cock as he continued to slowly pump my hole. My dick was rigid and I squirmed as he stroked me, I was so stimulated. I heard his front door open and dread wheeled up in me again but Kurt held me down and shoved his cock in me hard and deep.

"Ah fuck, uhhhhh... yaaaaaaa," I groaned and gasped.

Kurt's friend was real, he hadn't be lying to me. The friend, Glen, walked into the living room and looked at the two of us a smile creeping onto his face. 

"What's up man? So, did I lie about the cute little thing I've found to play with?" asked Kurt.

"Hell, no!" Glen replied as he began to strip down.

Glen was taller than Kurt, over 6 feet, heavier built, hairier and looked to be in his early forties. He was in nice shape and obviously visited the gym. He pulled his boxers down and out flopped a large semi-hard cock. Kurt was a nice size, Glen was big!! He later said that he was about 8 inches hard.

"Ya, man. Plow that cock into him. Shit, his ass is gobbling that thing up!" Glen stood there stroking his cock and watching Kurt fuck me. "You think he'll be able to take this thing up his shithole?" he asked as his rod seemed to grow and grow, I was amazed at the size of it. Part of me said no way that'll fit, while another part eagerly wanted to try! 

Glen watched a little more then asked, "Mind if I get in on some of the fun?"

"Of course. He's for both of us to pound tonight," Kurt said of course and pulled me back up on all fours. 

Glen got down in front of me and placed his cock at my lips. I opened my mouth and began sucking his massive hog while Kurt continued to pump my ass. I was being spit roasted by two guys, my mind was spinning but I was loving it. The thought of seeing me on my hands and knees a dick in my mouth and one in my ass drove me wild. I sucked on Glen trying to take more of him in my mouth. I felt Kurt slow to a stop and slowly pull out of me, my ass belched air as his fat head tumbled out of my stretched hole. 

"Now suck Glen's shit for me," he sat on the couch and to watch me suck Glen.

Glen sat back on his ass and I began going down on him, bobbing my mouth up and down his massive prick. 

"uhghhmphhhh... gaaaaaakkkkk... mmmpphhhuuuuhhhh... gaaaakkkkk... " I was lucky to get half way down his shaft before hitting my gag reflex. 

"Fuck that's hot. Gag on that dick man. Choke yourself with it!" Glen said in encouragement.

I continued shoving his penis in my mouth, saliva dripping down his cock. I reached behind and started fingering my hole so Kurt could watch and kept choking myself on that hot throbbing dick in my mouth. I was so turned on, I was worried that if I even so much as touched my cock it'd explode.

"Fuck your asshole! Yes, get those fingers in it, spread it open for me to see," Glen said.

"Kurt, this guy sucks cock like it's the last thing he's going to do!! Fuck! If his mouth is this good his hole must be even better." Glen grinned and pushed my head further onto his engorged dick.

I continued like this for several minutes. Dinning on Glen's fat sausage while I finger fucked my hot wet hole as Kurt watched. However, Glen soon pulled my mouth off him. 

"Go sit on the couch next to Kurt," he told me as he stroked his slick cock.

I got up, my legs shaky from being down so long and the excitement that was coursing through me. My thong dropped to my ankles and I kicked it off as I sat on the couch and Kurt guided my head down onto his waiting cock. 

"Ya, there you go. Suck it... mmmmmm fuck that mouth is sweet," Kurt groaned as his head rolled back.

Glen grabbed my hips and pulled me up so once more I was on my knees with my face buried in a guy's crotch with his rigid hard member in my mouth. Glen started fingering my hole and I felt lube splash onto my now stretched ass. 

"Mmmhppppuuu... ya... mmmppugghhhh... stretch me open... mmmmuuhhhhhhhh... " I grunted around Kurt's rod. 

"So... ugggggghhhhmmppph... gooooodd... mmmpphhhuuu... I want... mpphphhuuh... that fat... mmmppphhhuuhhh... cock," it felt marvelous and I wanted to see if I could fit Glen's big cock in me. 

Then Kurt started pushing my head down on him, pushing himself deeper into my throat. I had to focus on not gagging, then my eyes bulged as I felt a large pressure in my ass. 

"Oh ya! Get ready cause here it comes!" Glen started pushing his big meat stick into me.

God, just the tip of it in my hole sent shots of pain through me as I could tell it was ripping me open a little. I'd wanted to try a bigger cock but this was more than I'd thought of. Kurt felt my body tense.

"If you want to be slutty for me you need to take Glen's cock. Come on, show me how much man your ass can fit in it," he said to me.

This turned me on so much and I reached back and spread my ass apart for Glen, inviting him into me. Glen's big mushroom head pushed into me and instead of the usual pop and easing of pressure my ass protested being spread open so much. His head was in me and he began pushing himself further in. I moaned as I gagged on Kurt and kept spreading my ass open for Glen. 

"Gahhh, this is one goddamn tight hole," Glen grunted and proceeded to rip me open. 

The pain of him entering me was intense but mixed with it was pleasure as my ass clenched onto him. It was like being tortured and rewarded at the same time. I felt him start to pull out and was welcoming the relief of being empty, until his flared head began pulling me open from the inside. He could feel me tense and move and left it sitting just inside. 

"Like when the head holds your hole open do you?" he asked.

God these men knew how to fuck. He pushed back in and then out again slowly working my ass with his big cock. He wasn't anymore than half way in but my insides screamed from being split open. Glen kept up his pumping of my tight hole and Kurt pulled me up from him. 

"Hooo fuuuuuucccckkkk!!" I gasped as Glen thrust into me. "Jesus Christ you're so fucking big. Huuuuuhhhhh... hhuuuuuhhhhhh... ahhhhh... fuck! Ya, ya fuck me open. Spread me open, spread my tight ass open!!" I moaned as Kurt just watched and smiled.

Having that massive pole in me started to feel really good as the pain reduced but the pleasure stayed. I started craving the feeling of being spread open and the anticipation of each thrust going a little deeper in me. Glen was still going slow but he was continuely burying more and more of himself in me. 

"Fuck yes! Keep pushing it in Glen... more... deeeeppper!! HHHOO!! Oh shit!!" I squealed as he shoved himself further in.

"... I love this... fuck I love cock in me... gooooodd. I wantttttt toooo beee youuuur sllllut... make... mmmmmeee your slut Kurt! If thissss... AHHHHHHHH... oh my god... if thiiissss... isss hooowww you... treat your slut... I... wannnnt... it... I wannnnttt... itt... as much... asssss I caaannnn... mmmmmm!!"

Kurt was stroking himself while watching Glen fuck me, "Well, my slut has to do a lot of dirty shit to keep me and my friends happy."

"I'lllllll... beeee soooooo diiirttyyyyy... for you," I told him. "I... wasssss... unnnnnhhhhhhh... FUCKKKKKKK!! Oh Christ you'rrrrrrre... ripping... me... open!! God!... I... wassss... gonnnnaaa... swalllllowww... your load... tonight... and dooooo... ahhhhhh... asssss... to... mouthhhhh... for... you. Anyyyyythinngg... I'm... youuuurrr... slllllut."

Kurt grinned, "What about bareback?"

I hesitated and gasped as Glen shoved deeper in me and a little rougher than he had so far. He thrust into me several more times, deep and hard. My mind swirled in ecstacy as his cock impaled me and opened my bowels up like never before. 

Kurt asked again, "Well, what about bareback?"

I wanted to say yes, I wanted to be so filthy and not care but before I answered he said, "I hope so because you already are."

What?! I let go of my ass, rose up but that simply pushed me further back on Glen and I gasped and my breath left me as I took his whole 8 inches in. 

"Ohhhhhhhh... FUUUUCCKKK!! Ahhhh... ahhhhh... ahhhhh fuck my asssss... shit, shit... that's fucking deeeeeeppp... " I cried out and reached one hand back, grasped Glen's shaft and felt nothing. 

No condom! He pulled out and I kept my hand wrapped around him and he had nothing on. My god, I just let a complete stranger fuck me in the ass with no condom! I was horrified, but then Glen drove back inside me. He started pushing his massive dick in hard and deep and I tried to move away but Kurt was bigger than me and Glen definitely was. He held me in place and proceeded to fuck my ass. 
