 Chapter One

I'll never forget the first day I met him. I thought I had lost my mind. I was talking to a man I didn't even know; a man that was also married and on his honeymoon in Las Vegas. I lived in New York City and he was being all suave and charming, asking me to fly out to see him. Despite the fact that I knew it was wrong to even consider seeing a married man, I couldn't resist the temptation. The next thing I knew, I was on a flight out to Las Vegas.

I didn't know what to expect but I did know one thing for certain: we both wanted each other. We were two strangers wanting to tangle up together and explore each other's bodies. Sex wasn't anything unfamiliar to me but I found myself to be extremely nervous that evening as I entered the bar of the hotel he was staying at with his wife - who had no idea of my presence.

The moment my eyes landed on his tall, lean frame, my heart seemed to leap into my throat. He had the most beautiful blue eyes I had ever seen and his mischievous smile was enough to cause the blood rush straight down to my groin. He held a unique glint of wickedness in the depths of those gorgeous eyes and I knew this was going to be the beginning of something amazing.

A few shots of Jack Daniels and we were ready to take our business to a room. The thought of being alone with this man stirred up all sorts of reactions throughout my body, and as we stepped into the elevator, it was all I could do not to throw myself on him.

Even if I had gotten the courage to do so, he took the initiative and shoved me against the back of the elevator. A warm, hard mouth crushed against mine so intensely that it stripped the air from my lungs. All it took was that first taste of his lips and I was helplessly addicted, already craving more from this handsome stranger.

The separation of our lips left me panting for breath and as my eyes lifted to his face to catch that devious smirk he wore, chills ran marathons down the length of my entire body. His eyes were beckoning me to follow and I moved after him as if I had no control over my legs.

I couldn't help but study him as he walked on ahead of me. Even the way he walked dripped with confidence, sexiness, and I was more than eager to find out more about him. Not just physically. He intrigued me completely, and so quickly. Never had I met a man that captured my attention the way that he did. I was screwed, that much I knew as I stepped inside the hotel room he had reserved for me, my heart thumping wildly in my chest.

It didn't even seem to matter anymore that he was married, especially as I watched his grunge attire - torn blue jeans and a black t-shirt with some logo of a rock band - being shed from his body to be discarded to the floor. I barely managed to remember to close the door behind me because I could hardly tear my eyes from his frame.

With a look over his shoulder at me; eyes dark, lustful, his voice fell out in a smooth, casual murmur, "Get undressed." Was it just me or did he seem entirely too calm to be sleeping around on his wife? It only made me wonder if he had done this before. There was no way to know for sure but I didn't dwell on the thought. Instead, I slowly stripped out of my clothes as my eyes followed him to the bed.

I knew I was staring but I couldn't help myself. As he stretched across the bed, hands going up and behind his head to look over at me, I let my eyes take in every inch of his body. He was like a piece of artwork with tanned skin, different variations of ink marking his flesh, mostly his chest, stomach, arms, and back, and I mentally pictured my tongue tracing over each and every one of them. That night, I knew I wouldn't have time but I vowed that one day I would adore his entire body my tongue, so long as he allowed me to.

Once the last of my clothes had joined his pile on the floor, I crossed the room towards the bed and slowly climbed on next to him, the mattress giving under my weight. This man was unpredictable, I had concluded and I had no idea what he would do with me. That excited me more so as I straddled his waist, palms smoothing up his tattooed chest before I leaned down and stopped with my lips just a mere inch from his own.

I could feel his warm breath against my mouth, smell the alcohol on his breath, and I swear my head spun out of control. The alcohol I had consumed rushed through my veins and I felt even more intoxicated being close to him. I wasn't aware of his hands coming from behind his head until one was gliding down the back of my head, fingers getting lost in my dark hair.

"Vince..." he softly whispered my name, causing my breath to get locked in my chest. Eyes fluttering open to look down into his light blue eyes – not even realizing they had closed – I could see the deep desire he had for me in his gaze. He was drawing me in against my will and I felt helpless to the power he already seemed to have over me.

"Mmmm..." Another sound produced from his lips right before his mouth closed over mine hungrily. I instantly melted into him, one hand gripping his shoulder as my lips pressed back against his, exploring his mouth with my own and burning it into my memory.

I had already begun getting aroused, the once soft flesh below the waistline quickly lengthening to a full, hard erection. Feeling his cock growing between our bodies caused a jolt of pleasure to surge through my body. God, I wanted him, I wanted him buried inside me, filling me completely. It seemed as if it was taking too long to get to that point, until I realized he was stirring and pulled my lips away to see him retrieving a condom and a bottle of lube from the nightstand.

Giving me a sheepish grin, he spoke in a low, husky tone, "I made sure to be prepared." And with the words leaving his mouth, he popped open the bottle and offered it for me to take.

My stomach was tying in knots as I poured some of the liquid into my palm, watching him slip the condom over his erection before I slowly wrapped my fingers around his length to coat with the lube, making sure to get him nice and slick. I could feel myself tensing up, the desire and anticipation growing inside me as I held him in my hand. He had a beautiful cock, one I could picture in my mouth on a daily basis. That night however, wasn't the night for sucking him off.

I didn't know how long he actually had before he had to get back to his wife and I knew I couldn't waste any precious time. "Travis," I panted, my eyes catching his gaze as I closed the bottle, letting it fall off of the bed. "I want you so bad."

"What are you waiting for, Vince?" he asked, that mischievous smirk presenting itself across his face and it was all I could do not to nut right then and there.

Slowly moving up over his hips, I positioned the head of his cock at my entrance and with one quick thrust downward against him; his hard length was stretching me to accommodate his size. The initial burn of his erection penetrating me quickly diminished to be replaced by the pleasure of having him deep inside of me. The soft moan that erupted from his throat was all the incentive I needed to begin the slow roll of my hips.

"God, you feel so good," I panted, my arms reaching out to allow my hands to grip the headboard, my hips continuing to rock against his. Leaning down, my lips brushed across his and I could feel his hands grasping my hips in a way of taking charge, tugging mine down harder as his pushed upward to drive in even deeper into my body.

The release of his moan vibrated against my lips and it felt good to know that I could please him, just as he could please me. I didn't want it to ever stop, I wanted to keep his cock deep inside of me, moving and creating that sweet friction that caused sensations to pulse through me.

It was hard to concentrate on drawing out the moment when I felt his fingers wrapping around my length, stroking me in sync with his powerful thrusts beneath me. I wasn't going to last long, not with the combination of him inside of me and his fingers stroking me to the point of my release.

I was so close already and it was entirely disappointing but I couldn't hold back, not when his hips were forcefully bucking beneath mine, loud groans getting lost between our lips. A thin layer of perspiration coated the entirety of my skin as we collided together with a wet a smack between our hips.

My hips ached, that familiar buildup of searing heat being wound up like a tight spring ready to be released and it was only a matter of moments before I knew I would explode. My body tensed as the surge of heat shot down the length of my erection and I ripped my mouth away from his, a loud moan falling from my swollen lips as hot streams of fluids spilled out across his stomach.

I could feel his own release overtaking over him beneath me and my eyes rolled into the back of my head, my hips sinking down tight to take every inch of his cock that he had to offer. "Fuck..." I rasped out helplessly, opening my eyes just in time to see heavily hooded eyes staring at me, a soft chuckle rising up his throat over what had just happened.

A slow smirk coming to my lips, I found myself relaxing and pressing down against him as my face buried in the crook of his neck. Taking in his scent, my lips made a path to his ear to give a nip to the soft flesh, whispering, "That was amazing."

His voice seemed to come out in a low growl as he replied, "I don't think amazing is a good enough word for that." I didn't want to move but he was already starting to shift a little beneath me and it was then I heard the words I knew were coming, "I'm going to have to go but maybe you could stay around a few days. I'll come back to see you, I promise."

Reluctantly, I pulled from his body, groaning as he slipped out of me and rolling off of him onto the bed to watch him get up. Getting a nice view of his ass, it was so tempting to reach out to smack but I refrained from doing so and just let my eyes wander over his body while he disposed of the condom and began to get dressed.

"What am I going to do in the meantime?" I couldn't resist asking, my tongue darting out over my lips as I continued to stare at the masculine frame. He was gorgeous, not stacked but with enough muscle to fill him out well. With a buzzed head, scruff covering his face, and the amount of tattoos covering his body, he truly gave off the sense of a bad boy. As unpredictable as he seemed to be, I was already positive he was one of the bad boys.

A smile was on his lips as he turned to look at me, voice soft spoken, "Whatever you'd like," he said, "You could gamble, it's pretty fun but I gotta say it's also pretty addicting."

I wanted to tell him that he was the addicting one but the words got lost on the way to my lips. I didn't want him to go but as he slipped his shoes on, it was only a matter of seconds before he did. "Just let me know when you're coming and I'll be here," I told him. With merely a nod in response, I watched him walk out of the room, leaving me dying for more.