 Marcel was truly hypersexual. From our first tryst, our sexual encounters were a frenzy of orgasmic excess. Plus, it seemed that others, myself included, somehow fed off of his sexual energy, which served to heighten the excitement of any sexual experience with him.

I met him at a friend's house where a few of us had gathered for drinks after work. He was tall and tanned, with beautiful blue eyes and raven black hair. His tight jeans bulged in just the right place. Minutes after meeting him, I was fantasizing about all the ways I might bring him to orgasm. 30 minutes later, he was following me out the door to my place. Not long after that, our bodies were intertwined in orgasmic ecstasy.

As soon as we entered my house, I began to undo my pants as I led him to my bedroom. I stepped out of my pants part way down the hall way and stood naked in the soft light of my bedroom and let him admire my body as he slowly undid his own pants. My cock and my asshole tingled with anticipation as he slid out of his jeans and exposed his own sturdy member.

Naked we stepped close and our mouths locked as our manhood's pressed together. Wordlessly, he gently gripped my ribcage and pushed me downward. I eagerly complied, and went to my knees and greedily sucked his cock into my mouth.

I looked up at him and smiled as I caressed his rod with my tongue.

"Do you like it?" he asked.

"Oh, yes" I said with a smile and another lick. "Will you fuck me if I make you cum in my mouth?" I asked in return.

"If you do what I say, I'll give you all the fuck and all the cum you can handle, sweetie." he said in a slightly commanding tone.

He pulled away from me, but only so he could grab the bottle of lube from the table by the bed. He lubed his cock and then commanded me to take his cock in my mouth, just the head. Then he began to slowly and lovingly jack himself off.

"Slick up your fingers" he said, handing me the lube "and finger fuck my ass."

I did as I was told, and I felt his cock surge slightly as my fingers found his love hole. His warm pre-cum was slick on my tongue, and his anal ring was a warm and inviting to my fingers. 

He grunted and grabbed the hand that I was probing him with and forced my fingers deeper into him as I felt his sphincter tighten rhythmically at the same moment that a gusher of jism filled my waiting mouth. I closed my eyes and moaned as I imagined the sight of his manly geyser, as spurt after spurt of his essence filled my mouth and spilled out, dribbling erotically down my chin and on to my chest. He reached won and pulled me up and we shared a cum-filled kiss. 

I fell back on the bed and raised my legs in the air, exposing my eager fuck hole to him. He didn't disappoint me, plunging his shaft in hard and deep with just a pause to allow my body to react and adjust to his girth. His mouth was hard on mine as we fucked, both of us enjoying the sticky treat that his cock had granted me. To my pleasure and astonishment, he came quickly and voluminously. We both cried out in pleasure as I felt his nectar explode inside me, and I came only a few moments later.

As our orgasm subsided, he slowed the pace of his thrusting, and moved so that he could masturbate me as we remained coupled together. It was incredible! The warmth of his cum slicking our intercourse, the pressure of his big cock deep inside me, the smooth loving grip of his hand on my love shaft, and the intensity in his kisses and his gaze all conspired to keep me hard and eager for more of his love. He didn't stop fucking me until we had both climaxed once more.

Only then did he slip his fuckshaft from the embrace of my love hole. He knelt over me, our bodies glazed with sweat, his cock smeared with cum, and licked my cum from my belly and then kissed me some more. To my amazement, he then took his cock in hand and masturbated for me. With one hand he stroked his cock, and with the other, he fingered his asshole until he anointed my cock and balls with another creamy climax. I pulled him to me after that, and we fell asleep with the taste of cum on our tongues, and cum drying on our bodies.

That weekend I spent in a sexual haze. His cum seemed to flow from a bottomless well, and I drank from it. I awoke the with his hard cock pressed against my thigh, and rolled over and masturbated him into my mouth. Before the hour was out, my tongue and lips had been anointed three times with his love nectar. We showered, and returned to the bedroom where he stood over me as I lay on the floor and fucked myself with a dildo. He squirted his man-milk all over my cock, and then took me in his mouth and sucked me to orgasm as he pistoned my fuck toy in and out of my asshole. When he smiled at me after I came, his face was radiant in the morning sun, and stunningly erotic as a dollop of my love cream ran down from the corner of his mouth.

By late Sunday, I had lost track of the number of times he had exploded in my mouth and my ass and all over my body. I had lost the ability to cum sometime late Saturday, and again by mid-morning Sunday, but I couldn't resist this seemingly non-stop sex train, and simply opened my mouth and my legs just to revel in the experience.

We parted Sunday night, but the next several weekends were some of the most intense experiences of my life.

Several times, we went out in the evening and brought another stud back to my house and blew his mind, as well as other parts of his anatomy. I loved to sit in a chair by the fireplace and watch Marcel do to some hot stud what he did to me on our first night together, and then have our guest watch in amazement as Marcel fucked my mouth and my ass until we had both climaxed twice again. Other times, I would guide his cock into some nice, tight pucker hole, and caress both of them as they fucked doggy style. After Marcel had amply filled him with hot spooge, I would lick his cum from our "date's" ass and balls as Marcel fucked me. Or, two of us would lay on our backs on the bed, side by side, kissing intently while Marcel took turns fucking us.

By the end of a night, our guests would always be moved to one more climax than they thought they had in them, and simply blown away by Marcel's ability to cum time and time again.

One winter night, there were five of us frolicking naked in front of the glow of my fireplace. The wine had flown, and our bodies were slick and hard. For an hour, hands and fingers and tongues had explored freely. I was delirious with anticipation, eager to take all of us to the next level and let cocks fill slick, puckered holes, and hot jism spill on to tongues and lips.

Marcel took the lead, and pulled us all to the center of the room. He pushed Brian, one of our regular fuck-buddies to the floor on his back and straddled him. I took Brian's raging hard-on and guided it to my lovers hole. This was very exciting, as Marcel had only been fucked a few times while we together. The results, though, had been spectacular. I licked my lips with excitement as I watched Marcel's pucker hole stretch, yield, and engulf the slick cock. Marcel tilted his head back and closed his eyes in ecstasy as he fucked up and down with slow, loving movements of his hips. 

"Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me." he whispered with haunting eroticism. His cock was commandingly erect, and Brian's body responded to Marcel's intonations as we knew it would. Brian thrust his hips upward as his orgasm burst forth deep in my lover's belly and Marcel responded with a geyser of love nectar that made us all gasp with delight as the two fuckers let their voices loose with climactic delight. 

Brian had cum on his belly and chest, and even his face, while more of the milky treat ran down Marcel's shaft and balls. I and one other greedily licked at the treasure and Marcel eagerly drew my lips to his.

"I want them all to fuck me!" he whispered in my ear.

"Oh God, yes!" I responded, turned on even more by the thought of watching two more studs fuck my lover. 

I licked a dribble of cum from his scrotum as Brian's love stick slipped from the warm embrace of Marcel's fuckhole, and then Raymond mounted Marcel from behind while he remained astride Brian. I watched entranced as Ray's long, thick shaft slid in and out of that sweet hole. His man-flesh was dark, but quickly smeared with glistening streaks of Brian's love cream. Several times I wrapped my mouth around Marcel's cock, hoping to drink from his fountain of virility, but each time he pulled me away from his cock to kiss me and gently remind me that I would get my turn. His orgasms were not merely for his and my pleasure, but our guests as well.

Raymond gave a great gasp as he climaxed, then groaned mightily with each driving thrust as he too poured his seed deep into Marcel's anal sheath. He latched his mouth on to Marcel's shoulder and sucked as he reached around and lovingly grasped Marcel's love muscle. Brian raised himself up on his elbows and opened his mouth in time to catch the first two squirts of Marcel's climax almost directly on his tongue before turning to kiss Jim, our other partner. I, on the other hand, was hungrily licking the cum-smeared cock that had just fucked my lover so magnificently.

Marcel brought Jim to his feet and bent forward so that they could fuck standing up. I moved to my big chair and lay back in it with my legs spread wide. Marcel was facing me and moved closer, so that his cock was near me. As they fucked, I fingered my asshole, sliding one and two fingers inside myself, lubing myself up, readying myself for the lovemaking that was to come. I was near climax just from thinking about how exciting it would be to have these three hot men watching us fuck.

"Spread your hole. Make it ready for my cum!" Marcel commanded me.

I used both hands to pull my cheeks farther apart and used my index finger from each hand to open my love hole. Then, as I watched enraptured, my lover once more erupted in orgasm and slathered warm, creamy love nectar all over my balls, scrotum, and waiting asshole. I almost came! I did, however, explode when he buried his cock inside me, and before the waves of pleasure had subsided, two of our studs had positioned themselves on either side of my chair, eagerly offering their hard manmeat to my skilled mouth. 

Marcel pumped rhythmically into me while Jim knelt behind him, licking at the trickle of jizz that ran down the inside of Marcel's thigh from his well-fucked ass. My lover joined me in sucking at the cocks at my lips, and somewhere along the way, we shared the erotic eruptions we brought forth with our intertwined tongues and soft lips. Marcel came inside me twice before I rose to climax a second time, which brought a soft chorus of appreciative moans from our company.

Jim stayed the night with us, while Brian and Ray left together, undoubtedly eager to enjoy the pleasures of each other's bodies again in the morning. 

In the soft morning light, I masturbated with a dildo as I watched Marcel fuck Jim's mouth and then his beautiful asshole. I came at the sight of dark-skinned Jim, resplendant in post sexual glory with a thick, gossamer stream of love nectar running down both his cheeks, and another dollop of love butter dribbling from his fuckhole, while Marcel masturbated another magnificent carnal eruption into my hungry mouth.

Marcel moved away a few weeks later, and we never had the chance to enjoy another "manfest", although we fucked many more times.