 I met Ray through a gay website that had a stories section. I had a few tales of interracial raunch published on it, and he left a comment saying how much he liked them. We had similar interests: mine was a strange desire to be submissive to Indian guys and he liked the same sort of thing with black men.

I replied to his comment and we began to exchange emails n which we told each other more details of our sexual interests. It was interesting and exciting to find someone with so much in common. We soon realized that we should meet and form a kind of team in which we could offer black and Asian men the benefit of bot of us at the same time.

The logistics were not ideal, because he lived in Canada and I was in South America. But we were both retired and had a certain amount of freedom, so I arranged a two-week holiday in his part of the world, just outside Toronto. I booked a cheap hotel and he met me there the first night with the aim of getting to know each other.

In this we had a head start, because we knew each other's sexual preferences. The fact that we were both submissive and white wasn't a problem, because we could take turns, swapping roles.

We went to a bar and had a few drinks. To cut a long story short, we liked each other, so we went back to my room. With no pussyfooting around we got undressed. We tossed a coin and he won, so he got to suck my cock first. He was obviously very good at it, it being his passion, and when he had driven me wild with his eager, pleasing mouth I got him to kneel on the bed so I could rim him. That is the thing that I love most. He was quite hairy and slightly overweight, which is how I like my men. I licked his ass and we both loved it. Then I sucked his cock and then he rimmed me.

We were both into watersports, but that takes a bit or organizing, so we agreed to do it another day.

We had a very nice time indulging our basest desires with each other, and we got along so well that I knew our partnership was going to be a success.

The next night, Ray set up a meet with a guy he had been chatting to for a while: a tall, heavy-set black guy. He had a nice discreet apartment, so Ray and I went there and he showed us into a warm, comfortable sitting room. His name was Gus and he and Ray chatted happily before I entered the conversation.

"So you two kind of operate together," Gus said.

"That's the idea," I said, "You're our first joint venture."

"Uh-huh. Ray knows what I want," Gus said firmly. "I want to be sucked and I want my ass licked. After that, we'll see." This guy spoke our language. "Let's get ready," he said, and soon the three of us were naked and blatantly up to something in his front room.

I loved Gus's bulk and the thought of what he might do to me with his fat black cock was immediately driving me crazy. Discipline, though.

"Ray," he said simply, and my friend knelt in front of him and took that dark delight in his mouth. He felt Gus's balls and stroked his buttocks while he loved the feeling of a big black cock in his white mouth. We had spoken at length about Ray's feeling that black men were innately superior in the sexual realm, and worship is certainly what it looked like. Gus stroked Ray's head and pulled it closer to him or pushed it back as he pleased.

Gus looked over at me.

"You want to lick my black ass?"

"Yes," I mumbled.

"say it out loud," Gus commanded.

"I want to lick your black ass," I said obediently. I loved saying the words almost as much as I knew I was going to love doing it.

Gus took his cock from Ray's mouth and knelt sideways on the leather sofa.

"Okay, English man, here's where you get to lick my bad nigger asshole."

I got down behind him and , almost cumming with excitement, performed that most depraved, despised, misunderstood, rudest, horniest, most thrilling act: I licked him where the shit comes out. That's the problem, you see, for some people. They can't separate the two functions. There's the practical function and the pleasure one, and a shower is all it takes to switch from one mode to the other. After all, a vagina can be pretty awful when a woman is menstruating, but when she's not and she is clean, visitors are completely unaware of the dark side.

So, here I was licking this big Jamaican guy's ass, with another white guy watching and empathizing to the extent that he wished it was him doing it and fully intended to do so later on.

Gus knew he was food and drink to Ray and me and he allowed us to suck and lick him for an hour or more. Now came the issue of where he was going to cum. As Ray was my host in the country and had made all the arrangements, I decided to let him take Gus's load of thick black-man spunk in his mouth, as he loved to do. I was given the role of sucking Gus's cock as it faded and licking his ass once more, which suited me fine.

Ray got on his knees, which is more or less his default position. Gus was going to masturbate into his mouth. I love that word. Wank doesn't really convey the full majesty of a greatly desired man stroking his meat until his torrent of creamy white sauce gushes forth. And there is something deliciously naughty, not to say humiliating, about watching a man masturbate when you know his semen has your name on it.

Ray held Gus's balls lovingly as the big black guy tossed himself off. Gus grunted and his knees buckled a little as the orgasm went through him like a wave. He pulled Ray's head towards him and thrust his huge, spitting member in there, coating Ray's tongue, filling his mouth and sliding effortlessly down his throat. 

I knelt before Gus, awaiting my turn, and when Ray finally admitted the delivery was over, I took his place with Gus's dominant cock in my mouth. I felt his balls and loved their natural, full splendor. I squeezed his cock head to get the last drops, like you squeeze a tube of toothpaste.

Then Gus knelt on the sofa again and gave me his succulent ass to worship. I licked him gratefully, devotedly.

We met up with Gus twice more during my stay in Canada and I had the enormous pleasure of being fucked by his strong, menacing manhood. I got Ray to film that part and to this day I love to watch my own face contorted by the agony and the ecstasy of being impaled on Gus's rock-solid, animal penis. I still feel a tingle in my anus at the very thought.

Ray and I sucked and rimmed our way around the town and had several other amazing experiences, which I may go into at a later date, but it was Gus and his pneumatic, powerful body that made it a trip to remember.