 College is a time for experimentation. That was what Matt had told himself when he took the first hit off the bong with his new roommate, John. Matt was new to the dorms on campus, having been a commuter student the previous year. He had saved up enough money working over the summer to finally afford housing. 

Matt had always been shy. He quickly learned John was anything but shy. It thrilled Matt that not only was John outgoing and fun, but he seemed perfectly okay with Matt tagging along with him to any parties or bars he went. Matt was eager to go along with almost anything John suggested because it usually turned out to be an epic time.

Smoking pot on the quad with cute girls? Sure! Matt was in! Doing shots of tequila at a frat party? Sign Matt up! Beer pong? Keg stands? Matt agreed to it all. He was living life like he never had before and he owed it all to John. He met girls. He went to parties. He had fun!

So, when John suggested they go to a rave in the woods, Matt didn't hesitate to agree. When John gave Matt a weird pill and told him it was ecstasy, Matt didn't bat an eye and took it with a vodka chaser. Writhing in the woods, dancing, getting sweating, why not take off his shirt? Okay. 

Those hands felt good. They ran over Matt's practically hairless chest. He was acutely aware of the feeling of a round ass pushed into his pelvis. The drugs made him hypersensitive to touch. The flashing lights and the rhythmic beats were downright hypnotic. 

"What?" He called into the blinding darkness. Someone had said something to him.

The hands slithered around him, and he turned as he bounced to the beat. Soon he felt the pressure against his butt. It felt amazing. He had an erection. He told himself it was from all the dancing and the touching, and the pill he had taken. Whose hands were they?

The hands slipped into the waistband of his boxers, which peaked from his ever so slightly sagged jeans. He tried to turn toward his groper. His attempt was met with a firm grip on his hips and a pelvic thrust. Matt groaned and closed his eyes as the hand slid down his belly and into his pants. 

He pushed back against his fondler. His erection seemed to have control of his mind, and it was a rave after all. The drugs had altered his state of mind and lowered his inhibitions. In his mind, it was the leggy red-head, what was her name? Jamie! Yes! John had introduced them. She had given them the pills. Yes, Jamie. She was touching him.

Warm breath and whispered words he could barely make out were in his ear. 

"What?" Matt called out.

Teeth on his earlobe sent a shock of sensation through his body and down to his erection. His cock was in a firm hand which was squeezing him while he pumped his hips into it. God, it felt good. He attempted to turn again, but his groper pushed back to facing away. A nibble on his exposed shoulder. He threw his head back. The hand corkscrewed his cock.

Matt wasn't sure if it was the drugs, the booze, the combination, or what but this was the most erotic thing he had ever experienced. He was about to shoot his load in his pants from the attention of some girl. The person seemed taller than Jamie. 

A hand came over his face; a curled finger beneath his nose. "Sniff."

Matt did as he was told, the voice sounded familiar, but it was almost drowned out. He couldn't quite place it. He obeyed it because it was in his ear. It was the person who was making him feel good. 

It was a potent smell; it was an intoxicating feeling instantly. "Again" The voice urged. Matt did as he was told. "Hold it." Matt held his breath. "Exhale, deeper this time." Matt did as he obeyed and his hips bucked into the hand. 

Was that an erection grinding into his ass? He almost didn't care. The high from the pills, the high from the poppers, the drunkenness and the hand on his cock, he was at zero inhibitions. He moaned, but no one could hear it over the music. 

The hand stroked him, rubbing a thumb over the slit of his mushroom tip and rubbing his pre-cum around.

"Good." The voice praised him while he and whoever was behind him humped. 

Matt reached back then and gripped whoever it was by the ass. He squeezed it only seemed right to offer something in return. God, it was hot, so hot to be jerked off so anonymously.

The person behind him wrapped an arm around his chest, pulling Matt back against him. It was a him. Matt affirmed that now, the chest was flat. It wasn't Jamie. The person also had a cock; the large erection could not be denied. 

The hand pinched his cock head, and Matt let out a whimper while he folded forward a bit, thrusting his ass into the pelvis of the man behind him. Pop. Tug; Cool air hit Matt's pelvis. 

It took him a moment to realize the person slid down his pants a bit. And his cock was now free in the field of dancing college students. It was being stroked by a man he didn't know. He could also feel the large swollen cock against his ass cheeks. And for some reason, it made Matt harder.

Matt once more tried to protest. The stronger male behind him only pulled him back harder against his chest. Again the hand over his mouth and a bottle under his nose, "Again hold it." Matt gave in.

Matt took a large heavy sniff and held it while the man counted in his ear. His head was spinning. He was unbelievably lost down the rabbit hole. His cock was needy leaking pre-cum all over this man's hand. His butt pressed against the other guy's cock. For some reason, Matt was unbelievably turned on. What was he doing?

The man humped Matt. The man had slid his erection between Matt's ass cheeks but wasn't going toward his hole. Matt no longer fought against it. Matt joined in. Matt felt a wash of arousal when his submission kicked in. He thrust into the hand around his cock. He desperately tried to get off. He was so high; never had he been this high in his life. 

The poppers had his head spinning. The man's arm over his chest, pulling Matt against the man. The feel of the thick erection rubbing against his exposed ass cheeks. The thick rough hand stroking him ever so softly out in the open, Matt was drunk. Matt was high. Matt was delirious with need. He thrust harder, more eagerly, and without care into the man's tight grip. 

"Good boy." Was whispered into his ear and Matt shuttered. 

Matt's balls tightened. His knees got weak. Warm goo splashed between his ass cheeks. The man groaned in his ear as he concentrated his stroking on Matt's swollen tip. Matt was right behind him. His body shook as rope after rope of jizz spewed forth from Matt's cock. 

Matt's pants were pulled up. The man was gone. Matt spun around after he regained his breath. He scanned the crowd but had no idea for who he was looking. 

Just as he was redoing his belt, John approached from behind him. "You have got to do a Jell-O shot!" He shoved a small plastic cup with green Jell-O at Matt.

"What?" Matt squinted not registering what John was saying.

He took it and opened his mouth. Matt slurped the Jell-O out, and John shot whipped cream from a can into Matt's mouth.

"Ever done a whippet?" John asked Matt. 

Matt hadn't. But if John suggested it, he was about to try it.