 Please, John. Do what John says. Matt is John's boy. Matt is John's toy. Obey John. Please, John. Do what John says. Matt is John's boy. Matt is John's toy.

Matt mouthed the words once he was in the back room of the adult bookstore. He stood just inside the door while John made his way to the small room. There was a desk littered with papers and a computer, a couch with duct tape hiding tears, and a camera mounted on the wall. 

The suction on Matt's nipples was a steady burn which Matt was trying to become accustomed. His cock raged and leaked continuously. He needed to please his master if he was going to get to cum. That was what John had told him. If he pleased his master, he could cum.

"Remember," John said turning with the long thin vibrator in his hand. "When I said I wanted to train you for anal orgasm?"

"Yes, Master," Matt remembered alright. It was such an odd thing. Matt wasn't sure it was possible. Though, if his master wanted it of him, Matt would make it so. He wanted to please his master.

"Good boy. You're such a good boy." John stated with such condescension.

Matt didn't care. He bathed in the praise. He needed the praise. The praise meant he pleased his master. How pathetic Matt realized he was at that moment. He could just start jerking off and be done with this. But no, no, no. He wanted to be a good boy.

"Strip for me boy," John ordered as he flipped the vibrator on in his hand.

Matt quickly de-pants himself. It wasn't hard since he was already hanging out. He peeled the tight shirt over his head and tossed everything to the floor. He eagerly awaited his master's next command.

John smiled then pointed to the touch. "On all fours like a good little boy slut." 

Matt hesitated. "Master?"

John glared. "You're my boy slut, Matt." He announced. "Are you not going to obey me?"

"No, Master, I mean yes, Master, I mean." Matt was confused. He quickly made it to the couch. He got on all fours. "Yes, Master I will obey you. I am not gay though."

John chuckled. "I know boy slut." He said as he gripped Matt's ass.

Matt closed his eyes at the feeling of the strong hands on his meaty globes. His head fell and took a deep breath enjoying the feeling of his master's hands on his ass. His skin was electric. Any touch would feel good to him. 

John pulled Matt's cheeks apart and spat. A glob of saliva landed on the puckered entrance. Matt shivered. He knew what was coming. 

There was a pop of a cap. John produced a bottle under Matt's nose. "Breathe in deep boy slut," John ordered. "Don't stop breathing until I tell you to."

Matt did. Matt inhaled deeply in one nostril then the other. Again and again. He fluttered his eyelids. Matt felt the dizziness of the poppers. He also felt the pressure in his cock go down. Poppers made him soft. However, they only cranked up the horny.

"Good boy." John took the bottle away. "Nice and high boy slut?" John asked.

"Yes, Master," Matt replied drunkenly.

John chuckled, and another crack echoed in Matt's ears. Cool gel startled him as it dripped between his cheeks. "Hold them open for me boy slut," John instructed.

Matt lowered his chest to the cushions. Pain from his nipples shot through him "Ooohhh." He groaned as he pulled apart his ass cheeks.

"It's such a tight hole, Matt," John commented. "It pleases me that you let me play with Matt. That hole, its mine Matt. It's my hole to fuck Matt. It's my hole to fill Matt. Tell me what it is Matt." John urged in time with the beat in Matt's head. That music never seemed to go away.

"Yours, Master." Matt moaned as John penetrated his ass with a large finger. "Your hole Master. You fuck it, Master. It is yours, Master." Matt wiggled his behind as if to accentuate the point.

John laughed and spanked the flesh. Matt's ass jiggled, and it only sent a chill through Matt as John pumped his finger in and out of Matt's hole.

"Matt, who is your Master?" John cued.

"You are my Master," Matt responded as trained by the hypnotic music he had been fed steadily since the day he moved in.

"Good boy." John worked a second finger into Matt's asshole.

Matt hissed and pulled his cheeks apart farther. His useless cock had shrunk, but it leaked profusely, while John worked his hole. Matt buried his face into the cushion. 

How had he gotten here? How had he come to enjoy the feeling of his master's fingers in his asshole? What was wrong with him? He wasn't gay.

"AAAAHHH!" Matt cried out into the couch cushion as something wider than his master's fingers popped past his anal ring.

"That's a good slut. Matt, you're such a good boy slut. You please me, Matt. It pleases me when you are a boy slut and let me play with your ass, Matt. It pleases me, Matt." John urged Matt further and deeper into submission.

Matt groaned and circled his hips. His cock was spreading useless pre-cum on the couch. John pushed the long vibrator into Matt. The curved end poked at him. 

Matt arched his back when it hit his prostate. His limp dick twitched as John rubbed his prostate back and forth. "Ahh did I find the button boy slut?" John teased.

"Yes, Master." Matt agreed to turn to his face was no longer on the cushion.

"Do you want more poppers slut?" John asked.

"Yes, Master." Matt did. He wanted whatever his master wanted. He greedily inhaled the poppers as his master presented them to his nose.

Matt snorted hit after hit. He held his breath. He took deep inhales. He floated on air. His entire body tingled. His nipples ached. His cock pulsed weakly in its shrunken state. His balls were tight and heavier than they had ever been in his life.

His asshole was an exposed nerve. His master pushed that thin, bent, vibrator with the bulb end back and forth stroking his prostate. "Ohh, oohhh, oooohh." Matt moaned uncontrollably.

John laughed. "I haven't even turned it on yet slut." He teased.

With that, the vibration started, and Matt lost his damn mind. Matt pumped his hips as awkwardly as he could in the face down ass up position. With reckless abandon, he pumped his ass back and forth on the tiny invader.

John laughed harder. Matt's cheeks burned. He was extremely desperate for a release. The vibration and the pressure on his prostate felt like his cock would explode. "It will come out, but you won't get the pleasure you want," John explained. "I like you this way boy slut. I like you needy. I want you cum from anal only slut. You will do that because it will please me." John affirmed.

"Yes, Master. Yes. Master." Matt panted and stuffed his head back into the couch cushion. The pressure built higher and higher. Matt thought his balls would pop.

"You may release my boy slut," John said with nothing but pity in his voice.

It happened. Matt released. He felt the jizz explode from him. He felt the pressure in his sack go away. There was no euphoria. There was no pleasure. Just a release, as promised.

John withdrew the wand from Matt's ass. Matt trembled and nearly collapsed on the couch. John gave three gentle swats to each of Matt's ass cheeks. "Release them, Matt." 

Matt let go of his ass and fell fully on the couch out of breath. 

"Roll to the floor," John instructed with disdain.

Matt pouted. What had he done wrong? He waited. He did what his master wanted. Why did his master not seem pleased? 

Matt rolled down and got to his knees on the floor. John glared at him. Matt cowered. John inhaled deeply. "You messed on the couch."

Matt's gaze looked at the stain on the couch. The giant puddle of his own cum. Matt's cheeks turned bright red. "I'm sorry Master."

There had been no way to prevent it. John had put him in that position. John had worked his prostate. This was John's fault. No. That didn't feel right. That was Matt's fault. That was Matt's doing. 

John shook his head. "Clean it properly boy slut, with your mouth."

Without a moment's hesitation, Matt crawled to the couch and lapped at the puddle. He pursed his lips and sucked the bubble of jizz that had just come from his flaccid member. The taste was repugnant. But it pleased his owner, so Matt did it.

John crouched down and offered critiques: "Get in there boy slut. Clean up that slut cream. That juice that you desperately wanted to expel. It's disgusting isn't it?" 

Matt felt the shame rattle around his body. "Yes, Master." He said between licks. 

"It's gay, isn't it? Eating cum?" John pointed out.

Matt paused. "Master, I'm not gay."

John placed his hand on the back of Matt's head. "I didn't say stop." He growled while pushing Matt into the little bit of cum that was left.

Matt resumed sucking at the fabric.

"You're a straight boy who likes to eat cum. You're a straight guy who likes my cock. You're a straight little boy slut." John teased relentlessly.

Each time he pointed something out Matt whined. Each time he said something worse, Matt sucked harder on the couch. The haze of poppers remained strong, but if he had been sober, Matt knew his cock would be hard again.

"I think its as good as it's going to get," John announced. "Up on the couch, on your back."

Matt was quick to comply. He didn't wish to anger his master any more than he already had. Matt spread his legs, hoping to earn brownie points for showing how eager he was to please his master.

John snickered and reached down to fondle Matt's limp prick. "It's kind of pathetic isn't it?" He asked.

Matt frowned. "The poppers." Matt made an excuse. He wasn't small. He was average. The ladies never complained. 

John tugged at it. Matt arched his back. It felt painful but good. He couldn't get hard on the poppers though.

Coolness. Matt felt a sudden cold ring around his cock. John tugged some more and soon, the metal ring was behind his balls and at the base of his cock. Matt looked down to see his balls shoved forward.

John admired it. "Perfect fit."

Matt smiled. "Thank you, Master."

John once again laughed before he came down with an impossible small metal tube-like cage. With a bit of work, John was able to cram Matt's cock inside the short thing. Every bit of Matt's flesh protested the caging. Matt even wriggled under the pressure of being fit.

A few pins later and Matt's cock was reduced to a little less than 2 inches. It barely came out from the freshly emptied sack. Matt couldn't believe his eyes. He stared down in wonder at how his dick had been shoved up inside him. John then took a small metal lock and clicked. Matt was now locked inside a cage. 

John stood back and assessed Matt. "You will not be totally anally focused for pleasure," John announced. "I hold the key."

Matt gaped up at his master. Did he really need the cage? Matt hadn't touched his cock without permission. Matt ran his hand over the metal, and his eyes went back down to it. There was no denying it. His cock was certainly "out of the way." Matt felt tears rising.

"You please me," John announced.

Matt looked up at him. "Master?" He needed it repeated. 

"You please me when you are caged up like that. It pleases me to know that you won't let your cock distract me from pleasing me. It pleases me to know your cock won't be in the way when I fuck you." John's voice dripped in malice.

However, Matt was still in a hedonistic frenzy. Sure, he had his balls emptied. But that was not an orgasm. His cock may have been locked in a cage, and it tried to harden. It tried despite the poppers. It tried despite the cage. Matt winced.

John laughed at him. Matt blushed. John reached down with both hands, gripped the tubes on Matt's nipples, and pulled hard. They POPPED off, and Matt screamed. The blood returned to Matt's nipples, and they protruded obscenely from his chest.

"I'm going to fuck you now," John announced.

John pulled down his jeans and revealed his erection. "Yes, Master." Matt eyed that dick with hungry eyes.

When had he ever looked at a man that way? Never. What was wrong with him? Matt couldn't believe his response. He wanted it. He wanted to please John. However, he was conflicted. How was it possible to feel boy happy and sad about the idea of getting ass fucked?

John squirted a hefty amount of lube into his hand. "Seeing your little boy clit locked up like that lets me know you want to please me, Matt. It lets me know that you will be my boy slut. Matt, tell me. Will you please me?" John asked as his cock glistened with lube.

"Yes, Master," Matt answered without hesitance. He would please his master. Matt would please John. John was master. Matt was submissive. Matt obeyed John. Matt pleased John.

John knelt on the couch between Matt's spread legs. "I know you want to get my dick in your ass because you pulled your legs apart for me without my telling you. You are truly a boy slut Matt. That pleases me, Matt. You want to please me, Matt." John repeated all the while stroking his cock.

"Yes, Master." Matt agreed. "I want to please you, Master."

Matt kept his eyes on the length dangling from John's crotch. He watched as John fisted it, lubing himself up for Matt's ass. Matt felt anxious. He couldn't believe he wanted this. He wasn't gay. He wasn't gay, and he wanted this.

John lifted Matt's legs to his shoulders. John positioned himself so that his cock head pressed against Matt's cheeks. "You will hold them open for me, won't you boy slut?" 

"Yes, Master." Matt reached down and pulled his ass cheeks apart. Matt's head fell back. The poppers were still there. Matt's head swirled. The earbuds remained in his ears. The music matched his heartbeat. It seemed deafening.

Please, John. Do what John says. Matt is John's boy. Matt is John's toy. Obey John. Please, John. Do what John says. Matt is John's boy. Matt is John's toy.

"AAARRRRGGGG" Matt groaned as John pushed the swollen tip of his cock against Matt's not quite loose opening. 

"Good boy." John coached. "Breathe in deep." Matt did as he was told. "Exhale out." Matt obeyed.

John handed Matt the small bottle of poppers. "Do some hits get yourself really slutty for me Matt." 

Matt took the bottle and released one his ass cheeks. Half the bottle was already gone. Matt repeated the breathing John had instructed only now he was huffing poppers. Slowly, John pushed on. Matt felt his asshole open. 

Matt felt himself split. Matt groaned and writhed against the couch. Still, he inhaled those poppers. His head swam with suggestions.

Please, John. Do what John says. Matt is John's boy. Matt is John's toy. Obey John. Please, John. Do what John says. Matt is John's boy. Matt is John's toy.

POP! "GAAAHHH!" Matt exclaimed as John's fat cock head settled into place. John stopped moving allowing Matt's body to accept him. 

"Try to push me out," John instructed.

Matt clenched his muscles and John moaned. John pushed in while Matt tried to push out. Matt wiggled on the couch and panted while inch after inch slipped inside his hole.

Soon, John's balls pressed against Matt's ass cheeks. John leaned forward. "Open your eyes, Matt."

Matt obeyed. He couldn't see clearly. He had huffed another quarter of the poppers. John took them and placed them on the floor. 

"My cock is deep in your ass now slut," John informed Matt.

"Yessssss Maasssttteeerrr." Matt's popper soaked brain could barely process anything beyond how fucking full he felt. 

"It feels good to have my cock in your doesn't Matt?" John asked as he pulled out slightly only to slide himself back in.

Matt arched his back and groaned. "Yessssssss. Maassssttteeerrrr." Matt agreed. It felt amazing. It felt slutty. It felt humiliating. 

"It pleases me, Matt. Your little dicklet isn't even in my way. I'm not gay Matt. I like to fuck your ass, but I'm not gay which is why I locked your dick away." John explained.

"Yessssss, Master." Matt agreed and tried to hump his hips. John had him pinned. Matt couldn't move. All he could do was take it. He could just receive John's cock. Matt was helpless.

John pulled out of Matt slowly. Matt whined at the empty feeling. John pushed forward and slid himself in again. He repeated the long deep thrust until he felt Matt was accustomed to the feeling. 

"Are you gay Matt?" John prodded as he picked up the past.

"No, Master." Matt panted. 

"You like my cock in your ass Matt?" John pressed as he pumped harder.

"Gaahh," Matt's head fell to the side. "yes, Master."

Matt couldn't think straight. The poppers; his submission; the suggestions; he was down the rabbit hole and never would come out.

John flicked one of Matt's nipples. It awoke Matt from his trance. "Pay attention, Matt. I am fucking your ass. Pay attention boy slut."

"Yes. Yes. Yes, Master." Matt bounced back and forth as John pounding intensified. 

Matt's hole loosened, and Matt felt the pleasure that was being a bottom. It consumed him. His focus was on the feeling of the swollen prick punching in and out of him. Each swollen thrust grazed his prostate, and Matt chased that feeling.

The weight of the cock cage on his pelvis drew Matt's attention. He watched the way the silver cage bobbled back and forth as John claimed Matt's ass. 

"You're not gay right Matt?" John asked almost out of breath.

"No, Master," Matt stated between his own gasps. "Straight."

John chuckled. "I think you're a fag, Matt." John teased.

Shame, utter and complete mortification seeped into Matt's brain. His stomach flopped. His cock twitched in its prison. And Matt moaned. He didn't protest. 

Please, John. Do what John says. Matt is John's boy. Matt is John's toy. Obey John. Please, John. Do what John says. Matt is John's boy. Matt is John's toy.

"You're my little faggy bottom, Matt." John taunted further and his pace increased.

"You're going to take my cock and cum from it each time." John further proclaimed.

Matt moaned and writhed further. It hurt. The pounding hurt deeper than just the stretching of his anal canal. The words hurt. He wanted to please his master, but he wasn't gay.

Out of nowhere, the cage rattled. Vibration awoke Matt, and his eyes stared vacantly up. John had taken the vibrator that had been in Matt's ass and rested it on the cock cage.

"You're only going to cum when something is in your ass Matt, enjoy it," John explained as he pumped deeper and harder into Matt.

Matt's hips bucked as much as they could with John holding Matt's legs over John's shoulders. More words; John said more words. Matt couldn't concentrate enough to hear them.

All Matt could focus on was the sensations. His cock strained against the metal bars. His balls pulled tight. He had just cum but the way John stabbed at his prostate and the way he hadn't actually orgasmed drove Matt insane. The added vibration from the dildo against Matt's cage, Matt couldn't do anything more than feel.

As John's cock grew and stretched in Matt's ass, Matt bellowed in a release. As Matt's cock spurted more cum onto his belly, John shot rope after rope of cum deep in Matt's ass. Matt felt each pulse of John's cock as John emptied his balls in Matt.

John collapsed onto Matt. The vibrator fell away. Matt's tired legs fell and splayed open. The two men gasped as if they had just run a marathon. 

Maybe, maybe Matt was a straight fag. That was a thing, right? Matt wondered. If it pleased his master, Matt could be a straight fag.