 Matt woke up naked. Why was he naked? How long had he been asleep? He blinked his eyes a few times, letting them adjust to the late afternoon light. That music was playing still. It was soft and in the background.

John was there. He had his back to Matt. At first, Matt had an urge to cover up. But it flittered away. He sat up and pushed the covers off him. "What time is it?"

John turned and smiled at Matt. "Almost five." 

Matt saw that John had several small bottles lined up on his desk. Matt furrowed his brow. "What are those?"

John looked at his desk and acted as if he had never seen them before. "These?" He lifted up one. "This?" He said again with a wicked grin. "Poppers. You've had them before."

"No," Matt shook his head. "No, I haven't."

"At the rave. In the woods." John reminded him and opened one of the bottles. He stepped closer to Matt.

Matt eyed him skeptically. "I-I-I didn't-" Matt began to protest.

John continued to close the gap and slipped the bottle under Matt's nose. "You did. You loved it. You will do it again. Now, deep inhale, hold it for five seconds."

Matt couldn't help himself. He closed off one nostril and did just as John had instructed. 

John counted down slowly. It was the slowest five seconds of Matt's life.

When he released the breath, he felt the fuzzy sensation begin. "Again, the other side, but deeper. I want you to really breathe it this time."

Matt exhaled as much air as he could before he switched nostrils and took a harder pull off the bottle. Once again John counted while Matt held his breath. It stirred his cock to listen to John. That was confusing.

As Matt exhaled, it set in: the tingling and the dizziness. "Kneel, Matt," John instructed.

Matt blinked at him before went down onto his knees. His cock twitched. He looked down at his cock mystified by that reaction.

"More," John said, and the bottle was under his nose. Matt took another pull from the bottle. He counted. Matt exhaled. "Both sides." Matt obeyed. His cock swelled. 

"You're not gay are you Matt?"

"No." Matt was quick to deny as he exhaled.

"You're cock is hard." John pointed.

Matt looked down. It was. It was at full mast. 

"You're kneeling before another man, sniffing poppers with a hard cock." John pressed further and stroked his hand through Matt's short sandy blond hair.

Matt was silent.

"Are you gay Matt?" John asked again.

"No," Matt whispered.

"Good boy." Matt felt his body shudder then and his cock bobbed. That did things to him. It was unbelievable how one phrase could trigger such an erotic reaction in Matt. "Look at me, Matt," John ordered.

Matt didn't hesitate. Each time he listened to what John said, he felt his arousal growing. He didn't understand it.

John took Matt's face in his hand. "Have you ever sucked cock, Matt?"

"What?! No!" Matt tried to free his face from John's hand. "I told you! I'm not gay!" Matt further protested. He remained on his knees. His cock remained hard. 

John laughed and put the poppers under Matt's nose. "Again, six seconds this time."

Matt obeyed. He took two more long hard hits of the popper and held it while John counted. His head was swimming. He was having a hard time concentrating. Any semblance of resistance he had was slowly drifting away.

"Undo my pants, Matt," John ordered.

Matt's hand came up and fumbled with John's belt. He had difficulty with the button. The only part that was easy was the fly. Matt's hand fell to his sides as he finished. His eyes still on John. 

"Again." John put the bottle under Matt's nose. Again Matt inhaled the drug. Again his cock twitched. 

Matt was high as a kite. His cock twitched but couldn't seem to maintain the erection. However, it didn't mean Matt wasn't horny. 

"Who do you obey, Matt?" John continued to stroke his face with his pants undone before the boy.

"You." Matt found the words so easily falling from his lips. It startled him. 

"Who do you submit to, Matt?" John asked.

"You." Again he was surprised by his answer.

"What are you. Matt?"

Matt's cheeks went red. He had never admitted that out loud. Sure he had looked at videos. He had maybe even typed it in a chat room or two. But never, had he ever said the words, that he could remember that is.

"What are you, Matt?" John pressed taking a fist of Matt's hair tilting his head up.

"Submissive." Matt's voice was weak and soft. His heart was pounding. 

"Again." Matt inhaled the poppers, and his eyes rolled back in his head.

"Take my cock out," John instructed.

Matt seemed to lack any resistance. His hands came up, and he pulled down John's pants a bit. He reached in and felt the heavy erection.

John wasn't hard, but he seemed to be a good six inches of thick meat already. Matt couldn't help but stare. His cock wasn't as thick. His cock was maybe six ¼ inches fully hard. The hardest it had ever been, when Matt measured, was 6 ½ inches. This, this was still somewhat flaccid, and it was six inches.

"You're staring." John teased.

Matt blinked and looked up at John his cheeks red with embarrassment. His cock is bouncing from arousal. "Sorry."

"You're not gay?" John asked though it seemed more of a statement.

"No."

"You're staring at my cock like a starving man at a buffet." John teased.

Matt's blush persisted. It went from his chest to his cheeks and zinged down to his cock. He said nothing but his eyes did drift down to John's erection. He couldn't not stare at it. It was right in his face.

"Who do you obey, Matt?" John whispered.

"Y-y-you." Matt stammered.

"And if I want you to suck my cock, will you?" John gripped the base of his cock and flopped his growing erection. It was now a past six inches. It was now bigger than Matt's ever was. 

Matt blinked. "I'm I'm I'm not gay." It was all Matt seemed to be able to say.

"Answer my question." John urged with words and put a hand behind Matt's head. Matt's head was guided toward the growing member and licked his lips.

"I-"

His mouth opened and John pressed the head to Matt's lips. They weren't parted enough for Matt to take the full mushroomed tip into his mouth, but just the sensation of the cock to his lips was enough to send another wave of embarrassment through him. It was enough to stroke the flames of horniness. His cock bobbed, and the first pearl of pre-cum emerged. And he wasn't even hard: a side effect of the poppers.

"Kiss my cock." 

Matt closed his eyes, pursed his lips and whimpered as he placed a peck on the tip.

John laughed. "Kiss it like it's your girlfriend." 

Matt moaned as the poppers gave him no inhibitions but kept the embarrassment of submitting to a man strong. Matt leaned in and gave a wholehearted kiss. He parted his lips; he used his tongue. He had never sucked a cock before. He had no idea what he was doing. 

John urged his head down, guiding him with a hand on the back. "Good boy." He moaned as Matt kissed his way down the shaft and up again. Matt shuddered again. The trigger word. The word that amplified his own erotic need tenfold.

"You're obeying me, Matt." John pointed out while Matt continued to shower affection onto his cock.

The realization sent another shot of need through Matt. He was. He was doing as he was told. 

"Use your tongue now. Lick every inch. I am almost fully hard now."

Matt flattened his tongue and ran it up the underside of the 7 ½ inch cock. He swirled his tongue around the tip and then went back down. He lapped at the erection as it seemed to keep growing. Matt's cock hung half flaccid but dripping between his now parted legs. He wanted to touch it.

"Good boy." John groaned using both of his hands holding Matt's head, guiding him up and down, turning. "You're really good at this Matt. You sure you're not gay?"

"I'm not," Matt assured pausing.

"Shhhh," John tugged at Matt's hair pulling his head back so he would look up at John. "I didn't tell you to stop licking. But since you have, I want you to open your mouth and suck my cock."

Matt whimpered, but he opened his mouth. It was more depraved than John had ever imagined. He had never done this before. He had never even imagined it. Well, that was a lie. As John fed him just the swollen tip of his now 8-inch erection, Matt suckled on it. He was going slow and being gentle. It was as the cock slipped out and back in that Matt remembered he had been thinking about cocks more. 

He had been thinking about them since he moved in with John. He had been thinking about them since John had begun playing that song three days into living together. He played it at night while they slept. It was the same song that he was playing now.

Ever since he heard that song, Matt had been wondering about cocks. He had been looking at them on the internet. He had been touching his own more. He had thought of John's. 

More. More cock went in Matt's mouth while he put the pieces together. Matt kept his head still while John fed him inch after inch. Getting to his gag reflex, Matt gurgled, and his body lurched. John laughed. 

"You'll get better for me Matt." John sounded sinister.

Matt continued to gag on the cock in his mouth, and it wasn't even in four inches.

"I want it, Matt. I want to fuck your throat. I want to fuck your face. I want it, and you obey me, Matt." John growled.

Tears welled in Matt's eyes as John pushed his cock just a bit further. It triggered him to gag harder. Matt was afraid he would vomit.

"Nod if you obey me, Matt."

Matt attempted to nod with the cock in his mouth. Spit fell from the corner of his mouth. 

"Good boy." Matt shivered. How was that phrase still affecting him?

John thrust in and out of Matt's mouth careful of his depth at first, however, every so often, when Matt got used to it, he would go deeper, and Matt would dry heave. 

John's hands in Matt's hair, his cock in Matt's mouth, Matt on his knees, Matt was spinning. Was that the poppers? Was that the suggestions John had planted in his brain? It was almost too much.

"Did I tell you, you could do that?" John asked pausing with his cock just about to enter Matt's throat.

Matt's hand was stroking his cock. The poppers must have been wearing off because it was growing again. It was almost fully hard. Matt's hand fell away after a moment. He was needy though. He was so horny.

"Good boy."

Matt's cock twitched. The cock in his mouth dipped into his throat. Snot dripped from his nose. His chest covered in spit, and his eyes watered. He had never been hornier in his life.

"When you can take a good throat fucking, then I will permit you to touch your cock." John was matter-of-fact. "It's mine now Matt. You obey me, and I order you not to touch your cock without permission."

Matt whimpered as John thrust further into his mouth. The strokes were long and deep now. However, they remained slow. It was by no means a throat fucking. It was more like a build-up. 

John withdrew his cock and a line of spittle connected Matt's bottom lip to it. It was pink, with a swollen head that seemed a bit red. Matt couldn't tear his eyes from it.

"Say it, Matt. Say that you obey me and will not touch your cock without permission." John held the base of his cock and bounced it before Matt.

Matt licked his lip, staring at the connection as it severed. "I won't touch my cock. I obey you."

John pulled Matt's head down again, and the full length of John's cock buried in Matt's throat. Matt's body tried to reject the intrusion. His throat spasmed around it. Bile rose up. Matt's arms came out. He couldn't breathe.

Matt's head was getting dizzy now from lack of oxygen as he was held down on the full 8-inch erection. Eventually, John let go, and Matt pulled back gasping for breath. It was cool in his burning lungs. 

The poppers were back under his nose. "More." John urged.

It went this way for what seemed like an eternity. John would fuck Matt's mouth a few strokes and then urge him to inhale the poppers. Then back into his throat. Out again, more poppers. Matt was in a completely submissive head space and high off his ass soon.

His throat eventually stopped trying to project John's cock out. It eventually submitted, just as Matt had. There gagging sound was still made when John buried himself in but Matt's body was accepting. 

"You don't even want to jerk it now," John observed while he fucked Matt's face with a slow and steady pace. Spit flying out with each withdrawal of the cock, and an 'oooccckkk' sound with each thrust forward. "It's limp isn't it?" John asked when he pulled back.

"Yes." Matt gasped for breath before the cock returned to his throat.

"But you're horny aren't you?" John asked.

"Yes," Matt admitted without any hesitation. He couldn't hesitate. The poppers had taken that will away. 

However, it didn't change the fact that Matt was revolted by what was happening to him. It didn't change how debased he felt with a cock in his mouth. The more humiliated he felt, the more aroused he became, the more he craved it. The more submissive he felt, the more cock he wanted in his throat. It was a confusing cycle of hedonism.

"Good boy." 

The trigger sent another shock through Matt.

"I'm going to go fuck your face now. I am not going to hold back. We have had enough foreplay." And with that he did. John rammed his cock into Matt's throat nearly sending him sprawling back.

With his hands on Matt's ears, he pistoned Matt's head down onto his cock while he throat forward. It was as if John had lost all regard for Matt's wellbeing or ability. He just fucked.

Matt's throat clamped down, and he gagged. It was sloppy. His nose ran, and his eyes streamed tears. All the while his cock bobbed between his legs. It seemed to try to be fighting against the poppers to stand at attention.

"Fuck!" John groaned throwing his head back. "Baby, you're good at this." And then Matt felt the first spurts. They were deep in his throat; he couldn't swallow. John pulled back and with a few more sprays, Matt's mouth was full, and his cheeks puffed out. John pulled back again. Two ropes of cum spewed forth on landing up on Matt's eyebrow, the other on his left cheek. 

John fell back his cock twitching and cum dribbling from his erection. His legs spread wide, John had his arms splayed at his side and his head back in his desk chair.

Matt knelt in the same spot, cum dripping from his mouth, gagging slightly, and it stuck to his face. His head drooped. What had just happened? What had he done? 

When could he touch his cock?