 The repetitive bass was pretty close to hypnotic. Matt's heart beat in time with it. His erection bobbed between his bent knees. His eyes locked on the receding erection between John's legs. Cum oozed from the slit.

Matt licked his lips. Why did he have an urge to go there and lick it? His face had sprays of cum on it. The taste of John's load still lingered. Matt licked his lips. The sour taste of John danced on his tongue. Matt's cock twitched. It took everything he had not to reach down and rub one out.

Why was he not doing it? Why couldn't he bring his hand to his cock? John said not to. Matt obeyed John. It was on repeat in his head. John was Master. Matt was submissive. The internal mantra synced perfectly with the dull beat in the background.

John's eyes studied Matt while he knelt. John breathed heavily, still trying to catch his breath. "You're one hell of a cock sucker for someone who isn't gay Matt." He stated with full admiration.

Matt's cheeks blazed. He hung his head. "I'm not gay," Matt mumbled ashamed of what he had just done. Ashamed that he wanted to go back for those last few drops. What was wrong with him? Why was the shame of it making his cock throb?

"I said when you could take a good throat fucking you could touch your cock, didn't I?" John asked with a hint of a teasing tone.

Matt nodded. His hand hovered over his swollen prick. He couldn't bring it down. His arm shook.

"You want to so bad, don't you?" John mocked.

Matt nodded. "Yes." His hand just wouldn't go. 

"Why can't you?" John further pressed as he leaned forward his elbows on his spread knees. "Look at me." He commanded.

Matt lifted his eyes and met John's. The power within them gave Matt a shudder. When did John get so authoritative? When did looking at John cause Matt's stomach to flutter and his cock to jump? He wasn't gay goddamnit!

John grinned devilishly. "Matt," he urged. "Why can't you touch your cock yet?"

"You told me I couldn't," Matt answered in the most pathetic voice he had ever heard from himself. For some reason that only made him leak a pearl of pre-cum. 

"You're such a good boy Matt." John praised with condescension.

Matt brought his hand to his side. He knelt, obediently, not touching his harder-than-ever, pretty painful, dick. He knelt before John, his Master, and obeyed. But, he wasn't gay.

"What have you stuffed in your ass, Matt?" John asked as his hand reached down. He traced a finger around the swollen tip of Matt's dick.

Matt immediately bit his lower lip. The slightest bit of attention had him thrusting his hips toward it. He was beyond horny. "Nothing." He replied breathlessly.

"Not even a finger?" John asked in disbelief. He swirled the pre-cum around Matt's mushroomed end with three fingers.

Matt groaned with his eyes closed. He head fell back, and he balled his fists. John teased him, and it drove his need to release higher and his submission lower. "No." He rumbled through gritted teeth.

"Matt, I want to fuck you in the ass eventually," John announced when he gripped Matt's cock firmly.

Matt gasped, and his eyes opened wide. "I'm not gay!" Matt declared but thrust his hips into the hand that gripped him. His cock slid further, deeper, into the coiled fingers. Matt humped at John's hand.

John held his hand still and laughed. "I know you're not gay. I know you're obedient though aren't you Matt?"

"Yes." Matt panted as his hips bucked back and forth.

"You obey me, don't you Matt?" John reiterated.

"Yes!" Matt eagerly responded, and John squeezed Matt's dick.

Matt groaned. He fucked John's hand in quick short bursts. He felt his orgasm winding up. The head of his cock was purple. If Matt focused just on the hand, and that it felt good, maybe Matt could forget that it was John's hand, a man's hand.

"Matt." John drew his attention. Matt looked up at him desperately. "Stop."

Matt whined. His hips stopped moving. His cock twitched. John removed his hand.

"You're such a good boy." John praised mockingly.

Matt's cock dripped pre-cum. He couldn't remember the last time he was this horny. All the while the music, ever so faintly, would remind him: John is Master. Matt is submissive. Matt obeys John. 

"You'll let me stuff your ass, Matt," John stated as he stood up.

Matt whimpered. No. He wanted to say no. Or did he? "Yes," Matt admitted defeated. His cock danced at the idea. Why did he suddenly want this? Why did his asshole tingle?

"You're a good boy Matt." John turned and opened the large wooden wardrobe behind him. Matt's heart raced. What was in there? It couldn't be good for him.

John rummaged around in the cabinet, for what seemed like ages. All the while Matt knelt, fighting the urge to stroke himself. His hard-on raged on.

Eventually, John turned and produced a flesh-colored plug. It wasn't huge per-say, but it was wider than a finger. He also held a tube of lubricant. Matt has used that plenty of times to jerk off before. He knew it was extra slidey. 

John allowed Matt to stare at them. Matt shifted on his knees nervously. That wouldn't fit in his ass. That wouldn't fit in his virgin ass. There was no way that would work. He gulped.

John placed the two items on the desk before returning to his seat. He grabbed a bottle of poppers. "I know, you're new, so we will go slow." John placed the open bottle under Matt's nostril. "Sniff good and long, hold for six seconds."

Matt did as he was told. The rush was immediate. John had him do three more pulls, alternating nostrils. Matt's head spun. His cock ached but shrunk back.

"That's good." John patted Matt on the head. "I'd hate for your little prick to get in the way of what I want to do."

Matt nodded. His cheeks once again turned red at the mention of his dick being "in the way." Matt was light-headed from the poppers.

John pointed to Matt's bed. "Lay back, relax. I don't need you falling over on me." 

Matt crawled toward the bed. He climbed up lady on his back, his legs apart. His cock at half-mast, he still wanted to stroke himself. He needed to stroke himself. He wouldn't, though. Not without permission from John, his Master.

John dragged his chair to the side of Matt's bed. He held out the poppers. "Here take this."

Matt did.

"Good boy." 

Matt groaned. That stroked him like an invisible hand. While the poppers deflated his erection, they didn't exactly take away his arousal. If anything, the more he used them, the more aroused he became.

"Each time this becomes difficult, I want you to breathe in the poppers. It will make it easier." John instructed. "Do you understand."

"Yes." Matt agreed.

"Good boy." Matt groaned. John smirked. "Pull your knees up."

Matt obeyed. How debasing. Immediately the humiliation of lying on his bed with his legs in the air washed over him. How emasculating, he thought to himself. 

However, the thought was pushed right out of his brain when the cool, wet feeling of the lubricant touched the bud between his cheeks. John had shifted so his focus could be on Matt's ass. Matt took in a deep breath and closed his eyes. His heart pounded. His head spun. He took a hefty pull on the poppers.

John chuckled and a wide digit pressed against Matt's opening. Matt's asshole fought the intrusion. Matt himself took another deep hit off the poppers. "Slow down." John urged. "Breathe through your nose and out your mouth, without the poppers for a second."

Matt did. He controlled his breathing. As he did, the finger pushed into him. Mat arched his back. It was the oddest feeling. He felt as if he had to shit as if he had to push it out. His muscles clenched as he tried.

John responded by pushing further into him. Matt groaned. The feeling of needing to shit combined with a hint of pleasure. Shame. Shame slammed into him, and he moaned. Shame seemed to be a turn on now. 

"Good boy." John urged and twisted his finger. 

Matt moaned even louder. The finger withdrew only to return with a friend quickly. Two fingers now were at Matt's entrance. Two? No! Matt couldn't handle that much. He took a small hit off the poppers.

He was high as a fucking kite then. He hadn't been that high since he was out in the field. His mind drifted back to John jerking him off in the field. That had been the first time. That was the first time he had submitted. It felt right.

"Ohhhhhh." Matt let out. Just like it felt right then with John using his asshole. He was John's submissive. He obeyed John. It felt good to obey John. Matt's nipples were hard, and his hands seemed to have their own mind. They went to them, and he pinched his tiny little nubs of nerves on his chest.

John once again laughed. "Such a slut." John teased as he opened his fingers within Matt.

Matt groaned. "yessss." Matt agreed. He was a slut. He was John's slut. 

John withdrew his fingers. Something wider, cooler, was then pressed to the tight opening of Matt's rectum. Matt whimpered. 

"Shhhh," John whispered. "Take two more pulls."

Matt did, and the world spun. His hands fell to his sides. His legs shook. His opening relaxed. "Aarrrrggggg." Matt let out as his sphincter popped and the invasion began. 

Matt panted. John pushed slowly. Matt felt as if his as was splitting open. It hurt. It burned. It felt amazing. It was like there was a direct line to his ass and his cock. If he had been hard, it would have been dancing all over.

Instead, it just leaked. The flaccid dick lazily flopped on his pelvis, leaked like a sieve. Matt's fingers pulled at his nipples, and he continued to moan. Wider and wider his ass grew to take the plug. It seemed to go forever. 

PLOP. "Gaaarrrrr" Matt bellowed. The plug seated itself. Surely Matt was bleeding. Surely Matt was filled up to his eyeballs with the longest butt plug imaginable. There was no more room. There was nothing left. John had to have replaced the plugs.

John's hand, covered in lubricant, encircled the lazy limp dick at Matt's pelvis. "Good boy." He cooed.

Matt moaned louder than before. He was rock bottom submission. He would do anything John asked. His ass was tight. His ass was stretched. His cock was useless but leaked like he hadn't come in decades. His brain repeated the mantra with the music.

John is Master. Matt is submissive. Matt obeys John. John is Master. Matt is submissive. Matt obeys John. Matt is a slut. John is Master. Matt is submissive. Matt obeys John. Matt is John's fuck toy. John is Master. Matt is submissive. Matt obeys John.

"John is Master," Matt whispered. "Matt is submissive." He continued. "Matt obeys John." He whined then as John pushed the base of the plug deeper. "Matt is John's fuck toy." He purred.

John laughed. "I'm so glad you got the message, Matt. Are you gay?"

Matt shook his head lazily. "No Massssttteeerr." Master? Had he said that out loud? What had John done to him? John was Master.

"Such a good boy." John stroked Matt's useless prick.

"Mmmmmm." Matt tightened his lips. He wasn't gay. He was submissive. John was Mater. Matt was submissive.

"You like that plug in your ass Matt?" John asked as he pinched the head of Matt's dick.

"Yes." Matt quickly responded as he twisted on his bed. His system was overloaded. The full feeling in his ass, the arousal throughout his body, the hand on his flaccid dick, Matt couldn't believe how turned on he had become.

"Good boy." John squeezed him.

"It's not working," Matt whined then.

John chuckled. "No," he said as he flopped Matt's cock back against his body. "Seems you sniffed yourself useless." John teased.

Matt whined. His dick was useless. 

"You were a good boy to keep it out of my way, though." John praised.

Matt smiled despite himself. He had done what John wanted. Matt had obeyed. The praised warmed his already sizzling body. He ached to rub one out.

"You want to jerk off when your ass is filled don't you?" John asked once more pushing the base of the plug sending it further into Matt's guts.

Matt arched his back and grit his teeth. "Yes!" Matt agreed wholeheartedly. He would agree to anything to get closer to shooting his load.

"The poppers will wear off soon." John took the base and twisted it deep within Matt.

Matt whimpered and writhed on the bed. He fisted his sheet. "ahhhhhh." He let out while his Master played with him.

"When they do," John stopped twisting. "Do you want to touch your useless little dick?" He teased.

Matt nodded. "Yes." He agreed and took a deep breath. "Please Master." He threw in for good measure.

Again, John chuckled. "You're such a good boy Matt."

For the next few minutes, John pulled the plug out just enough for the widest part to stretch Matt's anal ring. Matt cried out each time. It hurt. He felt like he was going to rip. Each time it was pushed deeper inside him. 

John taunted him with each pull with questions. "Are you gay Matt?" He asked.

"No!" Matt would assert breathless.

"Who do you obey, Matt?"

"You!" Matt answered with confidence.

"What are you, Matt?"

This question had several answers. Matt used them all. "I am a slut." Was his first answer. "I am your fuck toy." Was his next answer. "I am submissive." Was his third.

Each time, John would praise him. Each time Matt fell deeper and deeper into the haze of submission and erotic hunger. He needed a release. He was a dam about to burst.

The cloud of poppers lifted after ages. The blood returned to Matt's cock. With the plug seated deep within him, pressing against his prostate Matt whined. "Can I do it now?" He asked John.

"Hmmm?" John asked as if he hadn't noticed the purple erection against Matt's belly.

"Can I touch my dick?" Matt asked with red cheeks.

John turned and regarded the erection. He poked at it. He pinched the tip. Matt groaned. His cock twitched and leaked with each prod of John's hand.

"Are you going to make a mess?" John asked as he wrapped his fingers around Matt's nutsack.

Matt's toes curled. His back arched. "No!" He assured John. "No Master."

John patted the exposed ball flesh and pain went straight to Matt's stomach. "Good. If you can shoot it in your mouth, you may stroke yourself until you cum." 

John released Matt and stood over him with his arms crossed over his chest. Matt's hand beelined for his erection. Planting his feet on the bed and lifting his ass up, Matt pointed the head of his cock toward his chest. He opened his mouth.

Matt pumped his fist up and down a few times. It didn't take long. The plug rested against his prostate, and at this angle, it only added more pressure. It wasn't long before the ropes of creamy semen came shooting toward Matt's face.

He missed, almost every spurt of cum missing his mouth. He shot one rope into his hair. Another steam went across his cheek. He got himself up to his nose. The last bits just dribbled down onto his hand.

Matt fell back gasping. John tsk'ed. "You made a mess." He admonished.

Matt whimpered. What was he supposed to do? He couldn't control the stream. He opened his eyes and saw the disappointed look on John's face. It cut him deeper than anything ever had before.

John reached between Matt's legs and tugged at the plug. "I should punish you." He said as he stared into Matt's eyes.

"I'm sorry Master," Matt said. POP "AAhhhh." 

Pain as the plug slurped from his ass. The feeling of emptiness, possibly gaping, filled Matt's consciousness. All were negatives to go along with knowing he had not pleased his Master. He had not pleased John.

"How should I punish you?" John asked as his finger pressed against the much looser opening of Matt's hole.

Somehow, Matt was still turned on. He cowered under John's gaze. The finger pressing into him sent a shiver up his spine. "Please Master." Matt whimpered.

John grinned and easily inserted two fingers into Matt's ass. He opened the fingers, and Matt twitched. He was overstimulated.

"I think you are on cum restriction Matt," John whispered. "I think I will limit you, and train you, to only cum with anal stimulation."

Matt's eyes widened. He pleaded with John, with his Master. No. "I'm not gay." Matt protested weakly.

John thrust his fingers into the knuckle. Matt fell back "Gaaaahhh." His asshole was stretched but not that much. "Who do you obey Matt?"

"You Master," Matt responded quickly.

"Who is the submissive Matt?" John reminded.

"I am Master."

"Who is Master?" 

"You are Master."

"Good boy. Your training and punishment start tomorrow." John withdrew his fingers. He wiped them off on Matt's shirt and tossed it at him. "Now clean up." John left.