 I loved the texture of his pants on my face. I loved the feel of his mysterious snake through his clothes and its movement on my face. But what thrilled me the most was the smell. I could smell his balls. I knew from jerking off what sweaty balls smelled like. I kissed and kissed his balls and his mammoth lump. I was now off the chair on my knees on the deck in front of him with my face in his crotch, kissing and inhaling. I kissed and breathed his balls for about 20 minutes before he told me, “Time to take the training wheels off, boot, and get to today’s assignment. You’re going to suck my cock.”

He unfastened his belt and pulled down his denim to his ankles, remaining seated. What remained was dark, navy-blue skivvies wrapped around this cum-filled mountain. His legs were tan, built and somewhat hairy. I loved them. I couldn’t wait to explore the mound. 

I kissed each leg a few times before resting my hand on the pleasure zone. I felt moisture, no doubt from pre-cum. While staring into the face of this handsome Marine, I slipped my fingers down the elastic of his underwear and gently pulled them down. He lifted his ass a bit to accommodate. Now his underwear, damp to my touch, was resting with his jeans on his sneakers. I could see his wallet sticking out of the top of his back pocket. I noticed his credit cards, I noticed the hair of his calf jutting over his sock. With mouth-watering anticipation, I looked up along his studly legs to my mission, a breathtaking, engorged, mushroom-headed, 8 inch cock. I could barely breathe.

“Go to town, son.”

I didn’t know where to begin. I just started kissing all over. I liked the feel of his pubic hair on my face, the smell of his balls. I liked kissing the head and feeling pre-cum on my lips. With my tongue, I pulled the pre-cum off my lips and brought it to my throat. I liked the salty taste. I went back to kissing the head, then licking the shaft, licking the balls. After familiarizing myself with every facet of his manhood, the smell, the taste, the skin, I settled my lips around the angry head, and with my lips around it went up and down, gently.

“Oh yeah,” Robert softly groaned with both of his hands resting on the back of my head. “Suck my cock, boot, suck that thing. Eat that cock. Oh yeah, oh yeah, fuck yeah, eat that cock, eat that cock, eat that cock.”

I started to gag when I tried to deep throat him. “Relax, relax your throat, Mike. Relax that throat. Relax, give up the control. When a catcher relaxes, the runner slides home. Relax, Mike, relax your throat and let my manhood slide home.”

He was right. Once I relaxed, I could fit his entire shaft down my throat. I was loving that I could deep-throat him. Having this Marine’s entire shaft in my mouth was far more exciting than any of my imagined scenarios in my best, most explosive jack-off sessions. I sucked and sucked and sucked. I cradled his balls with my fingers.

“Hold off a second,” my CO ordered. “I wanna stand over you.”

I kneeled before this handsome, studly U.S. Marine, and loved feeling dominated this way. He was far more manly than I, and it didn’t bother me. I liked surrendering to him, pleasing him, making him feel great.

“Sucking off a man is about pleasing him, son. You want to show your complete servitude. So make sure you look up at the man a lot. I’ll show ya, wrap your lips around my cock now.”

Naturally, I complied. He helped feed the monster to me. “Okay,” he continued, “now as you’re sucking up and down, look up into my eyes.” I obeyed him, happily. “Yeah, that’s it, that’s it. You want to keep looking up at the guy, especially when he blows his load. And if you REALLY want to please the guy, after you look up as he’s dumping in your throat, keep the eye contact as you swallow. He’ll go fucking blue balled, he’ll be ready to pop another bone in you in no time. You can also put a finger up his ass to make him shoot, if you’re impatient for the liquid payoff.”

I continued sucking, barely believing that this was real. Surely, this had to be some dream. I’ve been jerking off to fantasies since I was 12, imagining a day like today. Could this really be happening? Robert retrieved his cock and playfully bounced it on my face with his balls resting on my chin. He would feed me the thick serpent gently, then pull out and then shove it in, fiercely at times, while pushing my head onto it. He liked the game of it. 

I could tell he was proud of his body, his cock, and his manhood, and he enjoyed showing off for me, getting served by me. I thought of how proud my dad had been at all my baseball games. If he could see me now, on my knees with the balls of a US Marine in my mouth and a Lt. Colonel’s 8 inch cock bouncing on my face, would he still be proud? It didn’t seem to matter. I was feeling pretty damned good. 

I loved the sensation of the hard dick. It was warm, had a pudgy quality. As if a soft texture had been wrapped around a flag pole and my mission was to climb it. It was so hot to see his lower naked body. I asked to see his ass. He turned around and I almost shot a load just looking at how tight and hard and built his butt was. I reached over and kissed the handsome, built ass cheek of this studly Marine. 

“No son, that’s tomorrow’s mission.”

“Okay, but could you take off your shirt? I want to see your great body as I suck you, man.”

He was happy to do it. I loved what I saw. What a tight, tan bod, not overly bulky, just tight and masculine, with slight hair on the chest and belly. I got so excited, I jumped back onto his cock, serving him.  When he came, he shouted “YEEEEhaw!” 

I’m sure the swimmers across the lake heard him. And if they were nearer, they could look up from the water and see from whence it came: a semi good- looking, masculine, baseball loving college dude was on his knees looking up at a Lt. Colonel of the US Marines, as the handsome Marine’s cock was being pumped into the college dude's mouth. 

If those swimmers were nearer, they would have witnessed two people experiencing intense, charged pleasure at the moment of yelling. In that moment one was experiencing one of the most intensely powerful ejaculations he'd ever had. The other was smiling, as warm, globby ejaculate was sliding down his throat. 

I sucked Lt. Andrews 4 more times that day, in between PT and my chores. What a fucking unforgettable, day!

As I drove away from Robert’s place, I felt new beginnings. I felt secure and very, very turned on. I put my fist into the air, out of the driver’s side window and hollered out: “YEEEEHaw!!” I heard it echo once and knew that Robert must be smiling, showing those beautiful teeth. 

I fell asleep that night, after I jerked and scanned the surroundings of my room--the baseball trophies, the model airplanes, the oak-wood panelling, my high school prom picture on the wall. I thought, "How many times over the years had I gone to sleep among these same surroundings, and felt worry, dread, fear? Tonight, the pictures were there, the trophies were there. But something was markedly different. Tonight I am falling asleep a very, very happy man."

The next morning was Thursday, and a heat wave had pulled in. The disc jockey of 95.5 WPLJ was saying it would be 98 later in the day. It felt about 85 and muggy already, at 0700 hours. Robert was on the deck with coffee, reading some Native American Folktale book. "Man, he is a character. I’ll have to check out the same book in the library, read up on it and try to impress him with my knowledge."

“What’s up Robert?”

“Hey son, how are things going man?”

“I’m feeling good, thanks for yesterday man. Thanks a lot.”

“Hey, I’m the one who had my cock sucked raw. I should be thanking you.”

We both laughed. “Well,” he continued, “Today’s going to be a hot muther, but don’t think you’re getting out of PT.” 

“Alright. We’ll do it up.”

“Yeah, you’re going to be doing something else, too.”

The pushups, the sit-ups, the lunges, the running. It was done with such pleasure today. I was thinking of yesterday and what might happen today. Robert was looking so fucking sexy. He had those blue cargo pants on from the first day, and a blue t-shirt, with the USMC logo.  

After breakfast, he announced the day’s mission and I almost spontaneously shot a load. “I want you to suck my ass, for hours in the hot sun,” he said.

He took me down to the yard, told me to sit against a tree. I was trembling with excitement. We were both dripping in sweat after the PT and the now 85 degree weather. He started to remove his pants. I asked him to wait. “I wanted to push my face into that ass, ever since day one,” I said.

“I know, that’s why I wore the same pants. I knew you were hungering for my ass, from the get-go.” I felt a bit embarrassed by that but dismissed it.

He stood in front of me with that handsome ass at my face. I pushed my face as deep into him as I could and inhaled. I was having a makeout session with his ass, and I loved it. I thought of being in 7th grade playing spin-the-bottle, and how much I hated making out with the scaggy girls. I thought how many years it’s taken me to be really enjoying a makeout session. Here it was, pure pleasure, sizzling, intoxicating pleasure. 

I thought of all the handsome studs I’d seen ever since I was thirteen, how many of them I drooled over, how many of their asses I wanted. And here I was with one of the best, right in my face. I creamed in my pants. After 10 minutes of this intensity, Robert warned, “Time for the real deal, son.”

He got completely naked before me. I think he definitely has exhibitionist qualities. I think he was very aware of how he was disrobing and that he was about to fulfill a young college guy’s life-long, raw sex fantasies. I found his feet were even sexy, too. Standing before me, dripping in sweat, semi-hard, with his long, thick shlong swinging, he turned and squatted. With hands on his knees his ass was exposed to my face. “Eat me, knob.”

I kissed his crack, his left cheek, then his right. I spread his cheeks with my hands and got a real good look at his delicious-looking hole. I sheepishly placed my tongue on the hole for a second. “Ah, yeah, do it, boot, get in there.”

I kissed the hole. “Yeah,” he continued, “Oh yeah, you’re gettin’ there. Do it up.”

I then licked the entire crack of his ass and there was a lot of sweat to taste. I swallowed the salty liquid, and when I realized it had come off the ass of Robert, I creamed some more in my shorts. I pushed my tongue into the hole for a second and pulled out.

“Fuck yeah, my man, do it scrub, do it NOW!”

I put my tongue in again and held it for a few seconds before pulling back out.

“Ah, you’re killing me, boot. You found my weakness, my only weakness. Ah, ah, ahhh.” It was kind of funny. I could punch Robert in the gut with all my might and he wouldn’t flinch. But now, just from placing my tongue in his asshole, he’s like putty in my hands.

I put my tongue in again and pulled it out and pushed it back in rapidly, about ten times.

Robert’s voice was sounding unlike him. I never heard him groan like this. “Ahhh, oh yeahhhh, aaahhhhhhh.” I’ve heard folks breathing like this after running a 5K race or having a heart attack on some tv show. Robert was hyperventilating. He was swaying his hips and grinding his ass in my face.

I plunged in, devouring, slurping, inhaling. I moved my tongue in many, many directions.  

“Suck on it boot,” he seemed in pain as he said it. “Suck on it, now man, ya dumb shit. Ohhhhhhhh.” I almost felt sorry for him. He seemed to be tortured.

I started to lick his hole. “NO, boot! Please, man, I need,” he seemed exhausted. “I need you to SUCK ON IT.” Beads of his sweat were dropping to the ground.

I continued to dart my tongue in and out and lick him. I guess I got off on having power for once over him.

“You’re torturing me. SUCK IT man SUCK it. Ahh, ooohh, AHHHH suck it NOW!” He reached back and grabbed my hair so fucking hard with both hands. He practically ripped my hair out with both of his manly hands as he shoved my face into him and slammed his ass into my face, banging my head painfully into the tree.

Despite the brutality, I was turned on by the sexual rage. He opened me up to release my own rage. My top lip aggressively attached itself to the top of his rectum and my lower lip had the bottom half. I gummed his hole, pulled it as hard out as I could and stretched it. Robert was deliriously happy: “FUCK YEAH! Ya GOT it man, ya GOT it. That’s it. AHHHHH, do it man, do it knob! Oh yeah, baby. On baby, I’m going to treat you right for this."

He bent down to whisper by my ear. To an outside observer it would have looked as if he were talking to his balls or trying to blow himself. In a sexy, breathy manner, with the sweat of his face dripping onto my throat, I heard him say, “Oh, oh, oh, yeah, suck that Mike. Put it in there Mike. Get in there good.  Oh Mike, you got no idea how much I'm lovin it. Owww, ahhhhh, shhhit, oh, I’m fucking loving this.”

He straigtened back up. He started grinding his hip and his ass into my face harder, faster. His voice got louder. “C’mon Mike, show me whatch got, suck that thing, son!” In a crescendo, his voice became sexier: “Yeah, Yeah, YYEAH, YEAH, GIVE IT TO ME SON! SUCK THAT MOTHER FUCKING ASSSSS!”

As my tongue and lips sucked with all my might, with fury, Robert rhytmically, loudly and ecstatically groaned and chanted for a solid hour: “Do it, do it, do it, do it, suck that hole, suck it, suck it, suck it, oh yeaahhh, aaahhh fucking sweet, ahhh yeahhhhh, suck it, DO it....”

"Let me hear ya son, ya lovin' it?"

"MMMM" was all I could muster.

"I don't hear ya scrub."

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMM."

"Fuck yeah, do it man, do it up, do me goooood! Suck that ass dude, suck that hole, man. " Robert had been wanking himself and turned and came all over me, like a disruptive fire hose, he let the spurt hit everwhere, my hair, right cheek, chest, belly and my lap.

When he wasn’t grinding into me, he’d pull his ass off and then slam it into my face. Off and then slam, harder and harder. With each slam my tongue got in deeper and deeper. And with each slam, I let the force of his ass take my tongue right into his personal space. I loved the sweat and taste. I was eating the sweat off a man’s ass. I fucking loved it, too. 

I thought of how disappointed my buddies would be to know I had my tongue up the ass of a US Marine and it was the best sex I'd ever want. But as the song says, “What do they know about this love, anyway?” I was fucking loving it. I wasn’t ashamed. I held onto his firm thighs, anchoring myself, as I continued my mission. I thought of my dad, he’d be disappointed. But I didn’t care. I was out of control. I was liberated, unleashed, let loose. I was a savage animal working on another.

My t-shirt was sticking to the tree sap, Robert's ejaculate was all over me. His scent, sweat, and ass were all over me as well. For four hours I ate that ass, I sucked that ass, I breathed that ass, I tasted that ass.  No shame.

******************TO BE CONTINUED**************