 This is my true story of how it happened over 60 years ago, and I still remember it like it was last week. It was my first and only gay experience. It was the summer of 1947 and even though I was 19, I was a late bloomer and still a virgin. 

Billy was my best buddy and we were like the brothers we never had for almost half of our lives. The same schools since we were 11 or 12, Boy Scouts, summer jobs and now out of school, working for the same company. 

Billy was always the more daring one with people, so, of course he was the first one to get a girl in bed with him. Well, actually they weren't really in a bed. She just dropped her drawers and took his cherry one dark night, laying on the floor of her front porch. 

I was always the inhibited one. I was more than ready to try sex with the first girls who ask me to do her, but of course none of them never had. The few times I was with a girl, who I realize now would have dropped her drawers, I would freeze up. 

I would listen with great interest as Billy would tell us guys about his newest sexual adventure with some new girl he found somewhere. Billy had discovered that some loose girls would often go to one of Houston's sleazier downtown movie houses near the old penny arcade. He begin going to the Iris Theater or maybe the Texan or Uptown Theater looking for a girl to pick up. Usually, a girl sitting alone in a cheap downtown movie theater was also looking for sex. Billy loved to tell the rest of us about his latest sexual conquests and of course we would listen with great interest. There were a lot of hard dicks in the group as Billy described his sexual adventures in detail.

One afternoon while Billy was sitting in the back of the Iris Theater, waiting for a likely looking girl to appear, a man slipped into the seat next to him. After a few minutes, the guy sprawled out in his seat and his knee resting against Billy's knee. That had never happened before and Billy figured the guy was kind of rude. Billy was still trying to decide if he should move his leg when the guy's knee started moving against his. Then he felt the guy's hand softly settle on his thigh. 

Billy was too surprised to react and while he was trying to figure out what to do the guy's fingers started lightly stroking Billy's inner thigh. Billy's dick reacted quicker than Billy did and it started getting hard. 

Then Billy remembered guys back in school talking about queers and how they loved to get other guy's dicks off. Billy had always thought queers wore makeup and carried purses, but this guy looked like any other guy on the street. 

Billy's lack of protest was taken as consent and the hand moved up and started rubbing Billy's hard dick. As Billy's dick throbbed and grew harder he was too fascinated to move. He was still a little uneasy, but he was mesmerized with the sensations he was feeling. The man fondled Billy's dick through the pants material for a minute or two to make sure there weren't any misunderstandings. Then reassured, he unzipped Billy's fly and worked the hard dick out into the open air.

There wasn't anyone else sitting near them and the darkness of the theater hid them from casual view as the man fondled and pumped Billy's dick until it shot off in the man's hand. The man wiped his hand on his handkerchief, then got up and left without a word.

That evening a new world opened up for Billy. There really were men out there who wanted to make him cum. At the same time, Billy learned that letting someone else get you off felt twice as satisfying as doing it to yourself and you didn't even have to move. 

After that Billy met more men in the theater. The next guy, or the one after, took Billy home with him with the promise of some special fun. That evening Billy discovered that having his dick sucked by a hot mouth was the most pleasurable sexual experience of his limited sex life. 

A lot of guys wouldn't consider letting a man suck their dick wouldn't hesitate to beg a woman to do it for them. Billy reasoned that if you stuck your dick through a knothole in a wall and someone on the other side sucked you off, you couldn't tell if it was a man or woman sucking it, so why would you need the knothole. He reasoned that a man who sucks a dick is queer, but the guy who just gets his dick sucked isn't taking an active part so he isn't queer. 

That kind of reasoning makes it a lot easy for a lot of guys to evade guilt feelings being sucked off in what most people would call a homosexual act. He didn't take an active part in the act. In fact he would probably fight anyone who even suggested that he had done anything homosexual. 

"Hey man, I met this guy named Bruce, the other day." Billy started that evening when I stopped by for a visit, "Man, he is really good. When he sucks on your dick I'll guarantee you are gonna cum. You never felt anything so good, it's even a lot better than screwing a woman. I went over to his apartment the other night. He just sits down with you standing in front of him. He fondles your dick a minute then opens your zipper and pulls it out and plays with it until it gets so hard you can't stand it. Then he sucks it in his mouth and starts sucking and licking the head with his tongue and you couldn't keep from cumin if you tried." 

It was very exciting to a "have not" as we sat around talking. My dick was rock hard from just listening to the story of Billy's dick being fondled and a hot mouth worrying it until it almost burst before it cum. 

Billy made having your dick sucked the most exciting pleasure any guy could ever experience. Listening to Billy, you were convinced that Bruce was just a nice guy who enjoyed giving other guys pleasure. You wouldn't even really think of him as being a queer. 

The longer we sat around and Billy talked about how awesome it was to have your dick sucked, the more fascinating the idea become. Having a hard dick straining against my jeans made having someone do it to me too became an overpowering compulsion. 

"It's a shame your friend Bruce isn't here now." I said, "I've got a hard on and he could have all he wanted of it." I bragged. 

"Well", Billy said, "I was already planning on going over to see Bruce for a little while tonight, do you want to go with me?"

My dick was still hard enough to rule my mind and I wanted more than anything to lose my virginity. "Damn right," I answered, "let's go." 

My dick was shrinking by the time we were in Billy's car. Its influence on my thinking was shrinking also and a tiny fear of the unknown began slowly raising its ugly head. Wait a minute; I thought to myself riding along in Billy's car, I am really going to visit with a guy who is a real live queer tonight. It was too late now, I had already opened my big mouth and couldn't figure a way to back out now. 

We were talking it up during the short drive. For me, I guess it was like whistling when you're walking past a grave yard at night. I guess I wasn't as eager now as I had been at Billy's house. 

Am I really going to have it happen to me tonight, I thought. Is a strange man actually going to suck my dick in his mouth, I wondered as Billy's car drove through the darkness.

"You know Billy, I was just thinking, this guy Bruce, doesn't even know me and he may not want you to bring a strange guy to his house."

"You don't have to worry about that; he didn't know me either the first time. Besides, he told me to bring some of my friends along anytime. You aren't gonna chicken out are you?"

Me chicken out? Billy had just applied the ultimate amount of peer pressure to ensure a buddy would continue. "No, of course I'm not. I'm ready, it was just a thought."

We walked up the stairs to Bruce's apartment on the second floor of the old Cozy Cabins and Billy knocked on the door. The young man who opened the apartment door looked to be in his twenties, very personable and would have fit into almost any group. "Hi Billy, y'all come on in." Bruce said, opening the door back.

"Hi Bruce, this is my buddy, Johnny," Billy said as we found seats in the small living room, "He's an old buddy of mine and was visiting today, so I brought him along. I wanted y'all to get acquainted. I thought maybe you would enjoy having a little extra company tonight." 

We sat around and made small talk for a few minutes, until suddenly Bruce stood up and said, "I'll be back in just a minute, I think I heard a car out front." 

Billy stood up a couple of minutes later and said. "I'll be back," and started toward the door where Bruce had vanished."

"Where are you going, Bruce said he was just going to check on a car and he would be right back?"

"Yeah, I know, but he just motioned for me. He wants to show me something." 

Aw shit, is Bruce gonna do it to Billy now? I wondered. Naw, probably not. It was quite as I sat there and watched the gloomy archway where Billy had recently disappeared. Could this guy really be sucking on Billy's dick right now, I wondered? 

That was a invitation for all kind of weird thoughts to begin whirling around in my head and grow into a big pile of little fears. I suddenly realized how little Billy actually told me. I mean the actual physical processes; you know a step by step description of what this guy actually does to you and what you should do while he is doing it to you. 

Actually, just thinking about some stranger sucking your dick into his mouth your first time, is frightening. You would be sticking a sensitive, important part of your body into a hole lined with the sharp teeth. What if you made the guy mad or what if he was just evil? What does he really do to you? Most guys call it a blow job, would he literally blow air into it like a balloon? Do you have to lay in a bed with him? Would he try to hug and kisses you? Will he want to take your clothes off before he does it to you? Do they take your whole dick in their mouth? If you cum in a queer's mouth would it make you want to become a queer too? If the guy gets to excited and sucks real hard on your dick while you're coming can they really suck your balls dry?" 

Would I actually be able to let some man I never saw before do things to my dick in the first place? Even worse, what if my dick wouldn't get hard and he'd tell Billy or what if it wouldn't get off? The mental tension doubled and redoubled with each question that passed through my head until Billy finally appeared in the doorway again.

"Hey Johnny, Bruce wants to talk to you for a minute. Just go through the archway and into the other room." Billy said as he came back into the living room. Was Billy tricking me? I couldn't see any difference at all in his appearance. His clothes weren't mused up or anything. Maybe Billy really did just talk to Bruce about something, I told myself. So maybe I don't have anything to worry about tonight after all. 

"I don't know Billy," I replied in a loud whisper. By then the fears were beginning to outweigh any of the erotic desires I'd had earlier and besides I think my dick had crawled back up in my belly. 

"Aw man, go on in, don't be chicken, if you don't want him to do anything now, just tell him. He knows how hard it is for guys to try something for the first time. Go on, he won't bite you. Besides, it's so dark in there, you won't be embarrassed." 

I hope not, I thought as I finally got up and slowly walked through the gloomy archway into the dining room. "OK, I'll talk to him." 

The dining room was very gloomy after I walked through the arch. The only light was what leaked through the opening from the small table lamp in the living room, The opening to the room on my right was just a black hole. I assumed it must be a doorway to the bed room as I slowly walked toward it. I stopped at the doorway, trying to see into the dark room. 

"Hi Johnny, I'm over here," Bruce's soft voice came reassuringly out of the darkness in front of me," come on over here. You won't run into anything" 

I shuffled through the darkness, trying to subdue my fear of the unknown and wondering what I was going to say to Bruce. Then something touched my stomach and I froze. I could barely make out a shape sitting on something in front of me. 

Then a hand grasp my belt and pulled me a step closer. "Come on up here a little closer, you don't have to be nervous." Bruce said softly trying to calm me. I think Billy must have told him that I was still a virgin and eager to remedy that but very anxious about the first time. 

I was standing between his legs right in front of him when his other hand found my crotch and started caressing my soft dick through the material. Then his knowing fingers opened my fly and slipped inside. 

I was frozen, speechless and unable to move. His hand had captured my soft dick and he had pulled it free before I realized the fly was open. Shit, a perfect stranger was holding me captive and had my dick in his hot hand. 

I definitely wasn't mentally ready for someone else to be holding my dick. Even worse, I wasn't ready physically either. What should have quickly become six and a half inches long and rock hard, was just semi-hard and only about 4 inches long. 

My mind was racing overtime, screaming that this guy was fooling with my dick and I stood there like a statue. Then Bruce's hot hand was fondling and jacking my limp dick. My dick was slowly beginning to stiffen up, but I was still too scared for it to get really hard. 

"How come it's not hard?" The soft voice asks from the darkness.

"I guess maybe it's just a little bit scared." I managed to stammer. What a clever answer,

"Well, we can't have that; we'll have to show him there's nothing to be scared of." The voice said soothingly. His hand continued to knead my dick, but he skinned it back a little harder with each stroke until the foreskin was stretched tight behind the rim and begin to sting slightly with each stroke. His other hand still had a tight grip on my belt so I couldn't back away even when my dick begin reacting to the added stimulation. After a few minutes pleasant new sensations aroused my dick as Bruce's expert handling overcame my apprehension. It finally reached a pretty firm five inches long. Bruce kept kneading my dick and jacking the loose skin rapidly back and forth with a motion that would have caused me to cum a long time ago if it hadn't been a stranger's hand.

Bruce seemed to be growing impatient at the slow response he was getting from the hand job. My dick still wasn't fully hard when Bruce's hand finally released it and he shifted positions. 

Aw shit, I thought. My self-confidence dropped about 99% when I realized that my first sexual encounter with another person was ending in a major disaster, he was gonna quit because it wouldn't get hard enough. Then I felt his hand fumbling between my legs. He had gathered a hand full of loose material at the crotch of my pants. He pulled me even a little closer to him while his other hand caught my dick again and pulled the loose skin all the way back. 

Suddenly, the tender exposed head of my dick was deep inside a burning hot, tight, slimy wet place that was constantly moving. Oh shit, I suddenly realized, it's in his mouth. He's got my dick inside his mouth. 

Now I was scared and tried to pull back, but the hand holding the crotch of my pants held firm and a squirming slimy burning hot wet tongue begin ruthlessly tormenting the head of my dick. After the first few seconds of shock, my dick responded to the new sensations despite my fears. My semi-hard dick quickly grew super hard and I realized that something really awesome was happening to me physically, if not mentally.

By now my eyes had grown used to the dark gloom of the room and I could see a little better. I could see we were in a bedroom and Bruce was sitting in front of me on a trunk or chest. I was surprised when I looked down and saw that Bruce was using his other hand jacking off his own dick while he was working mine over with his mouth. I never dreamed they did that. I guess I just thought his dick would just shoot off on its own when mine did. 

In some strange and bizarre way, seeing his head bobbing at my crotch, causing those powerful sensations in my dick and jacking himself off created strong lustful thoughts in my mind. These weird thoughts added to the already overwhelming physical sensations that were filling my lower body. Billy was right, this was the best thing I had ever felt in my life

Bruce's relentless sucking, head bobbing and his hot slick tongue stroking the head of my dick was too much to fight. My dick was harder than it had ever been in my life. Even my balls were begin to ache with desire. Now my whole body was beginning to catch fire and it made me feel panicky all over again because now I knew for certain that he was going to make me cum and I didn't know the rules. 

Was I was supposed to signal to Bruce in some way or pull it out of his mouth before it started to cum so it wouldn't get into his mouth or just let it flow. I fought with my mind as hard as I could not to let it cum while it was in that strange mouth, but my body betrayed me and my dick begin pulsing all by itself. By now I was standing on tiptoes, pulling back, but the hand at my crotch was pulling me even closer to that hot mouth. When I started to cum there was no longer any questions in my mind and I surrendered my dick completely to that hot greedy mouth. No questions ask. He could do just about anything he wanted to now, as long as long as he kept it in his mouth as he sucked my cherry out the end of my dick and I filled his mouth with my essence.

I looked down again as my orgasm eased. I could see in the dim gloom that Bruce still jacking off his own dick while he sucked the last few drops from my own spent dick. He continued to suck as it shrunk, even after it was completely drained. 

Now, his tongue began to be a torment as well as a pleasure when it rubbed the ridge around the head of my dick. Each time the tongue touched the ridge now, it caused a strange combination of pain and pleasure. I learned then that prolonged stimulation often causes super-sensitivity right after an orgasm. I began wanting to evade its touch, but not too much, because my body was still straining for those last fragments of pleasure. 

Bruce's dick must have cum then and my shrunken dick was finally allowed to slip out of his mouth. Then Bruce relaxed his hold on my pants material at the crotch.

"Would you send Billy back in when you go out?" He ask. 

I figured that was my dismissal and stuffed my dick back in my pants and turned to walk back to the living room alone. 

"You see, there wasn't nothing to it and you and me really didn't do anything queer, Bruce did it all while we just stood there and enjoyed it." Billy said with a grin as we walked down the stairs. 

"By the way, how come it took you so long to tell him we were leaving?" I ask.

"He was sucking me off again." Billy grinned.

"Did he really do it again?" I ask.

"Yeah, but it was too soon. He couldn't make it cum again and had to give up. Well, how do you like getting a blow job?" Billy ask.

I didn't have to think about it before giving the short answer, "Man, it was great and it sure beats jacking off." 

The long answer however, took a little longer. For one thing, mentally I couldn't enjoy my first shared sexual experience because the entire event was completely overshadowed with apprehension and fear of the unknown. In some ways the experience could have almost been called a "voluntary rape". I had voluntarily entered the room (though mostly forced to by peer pressure). But, after Bruce's hand seized my belt he was in complete control over everything that happened and he took what he wanted from me. 

How was it really for me, you may ask? First, the physical sensations were astonishing, better than anything I had ever felt. But, it was only a physical release and lacked any passion and emotions I experienced later with my wife. 
