 I had spent four hours eating the sweaty asshole of Lt. Colonel Robert Andrews, a ruggedly handsome, quirky stud. I was exhausted, but deliriously excited. It was too good to be true. My tongue had been so far up Robert's ass that I thought I'd burst a blood vessel in my tongue, the way it maniacally and desperately stretched to go deep, deep into him and explore and swallow his forbidden, restricted zone. 

It was Robert who aborted our mission. 

"Yo, boot, you better take your tongue out of my ass and get a drink of water. It's been four hours in this heat that you been workin' on my insides. On Paris Island you'd be cyanotic by now. You're gonna pass out."

"The only hydration I'm looking for is from your long, thick Marine cock," I boldly told him.

He looked at me with that rugged face and flashed me the shiny teeth. 

"Alright, cocksucker, I'll shoot out another load for ya, just let me take a piss first." He took a few steps away to piss while I admired his hot, strong ass atop firm, sculpted legs. 

I had been stripped down of all my inhibitions. I had actually sucked cock, not just any cock but Lt. Robert Andrews'. 

I had tasted another man's ass, his crack, his hole, the inside of his rectum. Not any ass but Lt. Robert Andrews'! 

I was electrified with excitement. It was this frenzy, this savage, twenty-year-dormant undercurrent, brought forth by the overtly savage handsome Marine, which empowered me to say to him what I did. 

"Hydrate me with your piss."

He seemed genuinely taken back. "Whoa, son, you're a kinky motherfucker! You want me to PISS on ya?" The normally stoic stud now looked uncharacteristically stunned.

"No, of course not. I was just kidding."

He moved closer to me. I was still sitting against the tree, where he left me in our commingled cum and sweat. 

"No, I don't think you were kidding." He studied me intensely with that dangerous, steady gaze of his. "You DO want me to piss on you. You're curious. Son of a bitch, never saw a recruit into that shit. You want to taste old Bobby's piss."

I didn't say a word. I was embarrassed by Robert's crude and disgusting words. I made a facial expression which I tried to convey You're nuts.

Robert hovered over me, his cock looming in front of my face. 

"Alright boot, I'll hook ya up." With that, the warm flow gushed down through his slit onto my face, hair and chest. He was releasing all over me. 

"Taste it, man, chow down." He aimed right for my mouth, which I timidly opened. "Gives new meaning to 'goin to the head.'" 

I wanted to laugh at his joke. But I was too preoccupied thinking of this new adventure and the cock-jumping sensations it produced. My mouth was filling with his warm fluid! My cock was very pleased. At the point where I couldn't fit another drop, I eagerly swallowed--while looking up at those beautiful eyes and the half smiling, handsome face. I couldn't believe I had done it. 

Never in my life did I even think of another man's piss, and yet I was so unfettered today, so liberated, so opened up that I happily let the warm piss from another man's cock envelope my skin, fill my mouth, and slide down my throat. 

I'm ashamed to admit it, but I LOVED the taste. It was from Robert's cock! I think I would have done anything at this point. While I swallowed, Robert finished hosing me down, shaking his impressive meat's last drops onto my shirt.

I was too excited by all of this. It was one of the few times in life when my hard-on was hurting. I had to release. I got up, unzipped, and violently beat my seven- inch meat before ejaculating in five seconds onto the tree. Robert laughed and watched. 

"Damn, son, you are one horny motherfucker."

"I need to suck your cock, Robert. I need it now."

"Alright boot, get on your knees." I dropped to my knees and hungrily waited for Robert to feed me his eight-inch, menacing meat. 

"GIVE ME THAT FUCKING COCK, NOW!" I commanded as if I were addressing subordinate players on my baseball team or a new lifeguard crew at the lake.

Robert strutted over to me, looking somewhat perturbed. "Getting' kind of uppity on your CO, don'tcha think? Alright college boy....I'll give you my cock. Let's see how good you are, son. Let's see if ya learned how to serve a man." 

He grabbed the back of my head with both of his masculine hands and slammed my face down on to his meat. I was smeared into his balls, cock and pubic hair. He then force-fed me his package. 

While sturdily holding the back of my head with his right hand and pulling me into him, he used his left hand to shove the empurpled, bitter head of his monster through my lips. 

"SUCK MY SUPERIOR OFFICER'S COCK, boy. YOU WANT IT? SUCK IT, CUNT, SUCK IT NOW!"

I gasped and felt I was choking. I needed to remember his tutelage on relaxing the throat to accommodate his powerful member, but the force and speed with which he shoved his power pack into me did not allow much time for preparation. I needed to get my bearings and stop for a moment, just one oxygen-intaking moment. But the ferocious, animal stud--and his unforgiving, menacing beast of an appendage--wouldn't allow it.

He fiercely pulled my head into him and then just as forcefully pushed me away. PULL, then push, PULL, push, PULL, push. With each PULL, he let out an orgasmic and rhythmic: "HOO-rah, HOO-rah, HOO-rah," I was gagging and coughing. With each "HOO" he fucked into the back of my throat. With each "rah" he pulled out. He didn't care about my comfort. It was about getting his rocks off. "HOO-rah, HOO-rah, HOO-rah, HOO-rah, HOO-rah, HOO-rah!"

I started to panic, and with my fists starting pounding his ass, trying to staunch the alarming sexual brutality.

"HOO-rah, HOO-rah....So, you're gonna order ME, your CO around? You're gonna tell ME to give you my cock like I'm UNDER you or somethin'? You need to be taught a lesson of respect, son." 

As he spoke he was unrelenting in his assault on the back of my throat. 

"Let's get it straight, I--and only I--give the orders around here." He was pulling and pushing my gagging and choking head on and off of him with increasing vigor and cruelty. I was on the verge of passing out when he suddenly, mercifully, stopped and threw me off of him to the ground with one last "HOO-rah."

I gasped for air in a succession of roars familiar to lifeguards who will witness a poor swimmer who's out of air, seconds from passing out, and finally at the surface. I violently coughed, and lay helpless in a fetal position as leaves and dirt clung to my piss stained clothes and skin. I had saved somebody at the lake one year from drowning. I never thought I would be in this humbling position. Eventually, I caught my breath but not before a few scary moments.

"Robert! You almost choked me to death!"

"Don't be a pussy, Mike. Your grand daddy could suck cock like that. I told you, you needed to relax, remember? When the catcher relaxes, the third base runner slides home. Damn son, don't you listen?" 

"Yeah, but I didn't have time to prepare! FUCK. You're too rough!" I continued reclaiming my respiratory process while trying to recuperate emotionally from the harrowing cock sucking. Robert had actually scared me. I wasn't so sure I was into this. My cock, however, didn't seem scared at all. It was raging with pleasure. 

"Well, you've had plenty of time to prepare NOW, cunt. So quit your bitchin' or else we'll have to get stockings and high heels for your bitch ass. Now stop whining and get back to servin' my meat, son. Show some esprit de corps, show some manhood!"

He ambled over in his stark, animal nakedness. His body was tight, taut, like mine, only sturdier and tanner. My body might be athletic and tight but his reeked of experience as well. His naked visage out in the wilderness harked back to raw, savage eras. To see him naked outdoors in this beautiful, rustic setting made it even more exciting. 

I was so turned on to see him approach me. The thick, wavy hair, the rugged handsome face, the chest, the tight abdomen, the firm thighs, the U.S.M.C. tattoos, the bulging calves, the chiseled arms, the green veins, the battle scars! 

But it was the epicenter of his manhood that had me transfixed. His Jurassic Era styled meat swaying with his swagger, surrounded by an impressive, intoxicating forest of dark, sinister hair and large, savage balls. 

"Okay, are you READY now to suck my cock? Are you SURE you're ready? I mean, Hell, I wouldn't want to fuck your mouth if you're not absolutely READY for it."

I couldn't contain my smile at that sarcasm. Robert does have wit--odd and abusive as it is. And, man, does he have a COCK! He has an ASS. He is HANDSOME. He is a MAN. He is a STUD. 

"Yes, Lt. Colonel, sir," I dutifully responded, "this recruit is ready to open his mouth for this superior officer's cock--to serve him, honor him, and to obey all of his orders without question, and to honor the Corps-- Semper Fi."

I breathed with anticipation, hunger, need, and a tinge of terror. I waited for the brutal military offensive which was about to commence against my mouth. I thought of my throat, my mouth and my tongue all relaxing as much as possible. This visualization helped me because Robert's pounding of my throat, his invasion of my mouth with his hostile, oversized meat and his brutal shaking of my head, was even more severe this time. 

But, just as before, despite the trauma, despite my feigned protestations, I liked it. Fuck man, oh yeah, I liked it, I liked it a LOT.

"Oh yeah, suck that thing, Mike. You like it don'tcha."

"Mmm, mmm, mmm." 

I was loving the brutality. This strong animal was using my mouth like it was his girlfriend's pussy. I liked being used this way.

"Suck that cock, baseball hero." 

As he gyrated into my head he was more talkative than usual. 

"Pretend my cock is a rifle, son. If my cock is a rifle, then what rank would you earn as cocksucker, huh? Are you a sharpshooter? A marksman? Damn, son. I'm gonna make you a Rifle Expert. Oh yeah, you got it boy, you got it."

"Mmm, mmm, mmm."

"Look up at me, sweet-pea, don't forget about showing me who's boss."

I gladly complied. 

Our eyes met, his conveying dominance, power, control, and a sense of arrogant victory. Mine, a desire to share my masculinity, a desire to please and a sexual exhilaration all those years of beating off in my bedroom could never equal. 

"Mmm, mmm, mmm," I rapturously responded as my tongue voraciously lapped the overall hardness of his pole and the smoothness of his skin. 

"Oh yeah, boot, suck that thing, suck it now."

It felt so good to not only be deep-throating Robert but to being manhandled by him. I liked the feeling that Robert was using me as his plaything. 

While he pumped my face, I reached up with both hands and caressed his butt cheeks. I loved the feel of the palms of my hand on the cheeks of his ass. I grabbed each cheek hard and squeezed and pulled them apart, then pushed them together. 

I liked the way I felt anchored against his assault of my face. I loved having his ass in my hands as I thought of the sensations I had experienced eating his hole. I liked how his hole had felt on my tongue. It tasted salty, it was surprisingly soft on the tongue. 

I had a small hair that I had sucked from Robert's asshole earlier that was stuck in between my left upper wisdom teeth. I liked having a part of him left over in my mouth, a part of him that had been sitting undisturbed on the inside of his asshole, until I had pillaged, rampaged and invaded his hole, taking this odd but exciting keepsake.

That hair became dislodged during the current assault of my mouth. I let it slide down my throat with pleasure. I got more excited as I realized the hair going down my throat was only a prelude to the luscious lava soon to follow. 

As Robert continued to assault my mouth and I held my gaze with his piercing, stern eyes, I remembered one of his earlier instructions on the art of pleasing a man, the art of sucking a man's cock. 

I gently pushed my right index finger into his delicious hole. I loved feeling it go into him. I loved that feeling of his tight rectum acquiescing to me, inviting me in and engulfing my finger with warmth.

Robert apparently liked it too. He erupted without warning and his moans could be heard across the lake.

"AAAHHH FUCK, boot, you're a Rifle Expert, son, a Rifle EXPERT. HOO-rah, HOO-rah, YEEEEE-ha!" 

He was still in my mouth when my throat lit up and my hungry stomach welcomed the indomitable, forbidding gusher of his warm, man-juice.

"Okay, NOW I think I could go for some water, Robert."

"Alright, but would you mind just eating my ass for a bit?"

"C'mon, you're not serious, are you?"

Robert turned and squatted as before, hands on his knees, tight ass upward exposing that inviting, ecstasy-producing portal. 

"Life's a bitch aint' it? CHOW DOWN, son, CHOW DOWN." 

"This is one exciting day, Robert. One very exciting day. But I don't know how much I can endure. It's fucking HOT."

"No one said boot camp was easy devil dog. Wait till ya see what I'm going to do to your pretty little college baseball-playin' ass tomorrow. Oh yeah, sweet-pea, just wait till tomorrow." 

His laugh was menacing as my tongue obligingly and enthusiastically returned to the inside of his ass.

The lake echoed with Robert's exultations of pleasure. But I think he was speaking for both of us. "HOO-rah! HOO-rah! HOO-rah! HOO-rah! HOO-rah!"

To Be Continued... 