 We stared in amazement as Derek completely disrobed. He was hotter than I had ever imagined, and his cock was so decadently satisfying to look at: at least 9 inches, and kind of thick, surrounded with an untamed bush. His body had a little hair on his legs and a slight treasure trail on his tight chest. I went towards him and took off my clothes. 

"I think I'm gonna need another hit of my joint. Fuck, this is too insane," interjected Rich, as he disrobed as well. The three of us stood there totally naked. "I've wa, wa, wanted this shit since the 7th grade, man," I stuttered, so unbelievably shaken that my fantasy was going to come true. 

Derek just smirked and said, "Go for it, man." I got down on my knees and deep-throated him, while I felt Rich's impressive meat enter my ass. I briefly stopped my sucking of Derek's beautiful member to say, "Just a warning, Derek, but Rich pounds ass for a looong time. So this might take awhile." 

Derek laughed. "I like getting my cock sucked for a looong time, so no problem here, my man." He patted my head and gently played with my hair as he gingerly brought my mouth back to his terrifyingly manly member.

I happily slurped Derek's meat, tasting his salty secretions, and obliged and submitted to Rich's invasion, and even pushed my ass back, violently onto Rich's intense cock, while thinking how great it was to be in The Manor again, hanging out and goofing around with my good friends. Before the night ended we had changed positions. Derek fucked me while I blew Rich. Derek fucked with much more force than Rich, and Rich was no slouch. Derek's trouncing of my asshole was almost as intense as Robert's. 

He held my legs tight, like he owned them, pulling my ass into him as he shot back with violent thrusting. At times the pushing forward caused me to choke on Rich's big meat, but I got the rhythm down, eventually. I relaxed my throat, effectively taking Rich's ample tool, and I pushed my ass back with such force and in sync with Derek's fierce pulling out, that the thrusting into my ass happened at the same time I deep throated Rich. And my pushing back hard with my ass happened at the same time I removed Rich's cock from deep in my throat. Once I got the rhythm down, I felt I could go all night like this. I mentally shouted, "Fuck me, Derek, fuck me hard! Rich, shoot that cock down my throat as far as you can get it!"

They both ejaculated their voluminously warm loads at nearly the same time. I think Derek's shouts as he dumped his cream up inside me got me so excited that I mumbled a shout of glee. As soon as I did, I felt Rich dump his spunk as he moaned, "Ahhhhhhhh." This got me so excited that I pulled my meat and in two strokes shot all over the shag carpet. 

It was an amazing night in The Manor. Derek even briefly got into jerking Rich off. "Seems like ol times, eh?" Derek asked of Rich.

"What does that mean?" I curiously asked.

Rich spoke for them. "Might as well fess up. Years ago Derek and I jerked off to Penthouse magazine down here. We'd do it every once in a while and a few times we graduated to jerking each other off, nothing else though."

"Holy shit. Damn. Well, if you guys want to experiment further, there's no better time or place," I said.

With that, Derek took Rich's cock into his mouth. Before Rich spunked all over Derek's face, Derek paused to admit, "Fuck, you guys know I love women, but I'm having a really good time here. A really, really good time."

"No judging from any of us, man. You're among friends," I said.

Rich answered as if I were addressing him. "Well, as long as you say that, I've always fantasized about getting fucked once. Derek? You game?"

"Why not?" Derek agreeably responded and then quickly approached the entrance of Rich's ass when Rich asked of me, "Have you ever heard of a tag team?"

"Baseball? Really? You wanna talk about baseball now?" I asked incredulously. 

He laughed, "No, it's when two guys fuck the same chick or dude."

"Oh, yeah, I've heard of it," I said. I lied. I never heard of it, but for some reason not knowing would be more embarrassing for me than taking cock and slurping semen in front of my old buddies.

"Well," said Rich, "Get busy, Mike, I want your cock in there, too."

I happily obliged and pressed my hard cock aside Derek's and we exchanged a friendly "Can you believe we are about to do this?" look. Years of pent-up frustration and attraction for Derek and the current scenario with him and Rich made me impulsively reach over and plant a kiss right on Derek's lips. I thought he'd pull away but he returned his lips to mine and in a surprisingly very tender way stroked the back of my head as our tongues danced together. 

He pulled away and said, "Okay, man, let's enter this bitch." We both smiled and started in. But our collective cocks were too much for Rich, who was in visible pain. He decided he'd rather take us into his ass one at a time. We laughed and agreed that might be in his hole's best interest. 

I took sloppy seconds and I must say that eating Derek's cum as it slid out of Rich's ass was one of my all-time favorite sex scenes, outside of anything I'd done with Robert. Rich's ass released the voluminous secretions from Derek's meat and I happily lapped up the lava like wad. It turned me on to know it was not only from Derek's cock but it had been way up Rich's ass. I swallowed eagerly and almost came from the taste.

I also loved when Derek sat on my face while Rich blew me. I had wanted to eat Derek's ass for most of my life. And here I was doing it—while having Rich suck my cock. I was a lucky man.

After violating and abusing each other for far longer than a showing of The Matrix, we decided it was time to call it a night. We put our clothes back on and gave each other big hugs, like we had just ended a spiritual retreat or something.

"We'll always be friends, Rich and Derek," I said. Derek promptly responded, "True, my man. I may even start to like getting busy with you." He smirked the way he had when he had caught me looking at his cock all those years. 

Rich laughed and said, "Ya know, I thought I detected something between you guys years back." We all laughed to that.

"Hey," I interjected a thought. "What are we gonna tell Steve?"

Rich laughed, "Well," he paused. "Steve and I did also jerk off to that same Penthouse."

"Fuck, where was I when this was all going on?" I asked.

They responded simultaneously: "Doing homework." We laughed at the absurdity of this evening and called it a night.

At our cars in the darkness, I gave Derek one last hug. "I really do care about you, man. I know I'm sounding "gay," but I love you man and want the best for you," I said.

"Thanks, Mike, I'm feeling kinda shitty after the way I treated you. I'm gonna speak to Singer and tell him that you should be guarding this summer. 

"Aw, thanks, man, I appreciate the gesture but I'm already busy at Pine Lake. I've been seeing a great guy there, a Marine."

"Good for you, man. I'm happy for you."

"Thanks, man. It's been hell going through this all. But I'm finally cool with it and accepting of it. It's OK to be gay. It's OK to experiment, too, even if you're not gay, as in your case. We'll hang soon, Derek. Take care."

"Thanks for saying that, Mike. You've helped me. Ya know, I really, really am sor...."

I cut him off. "Forget it, really. Take care."

"Aight, man. See ya soon." He punched my arm. I punched his.

"Oh, ya want another fight, bitch?" he playfully asked.

"Nah..." I was about to say, "Nah, you'd win," but I was overcome with unexpected emotion, which cracked my voice and teared my eyes. "Nah," I repeated and then added, "I want you. I want to hug and kiss you and make love to you, and smell you, and, yeah, even put my tongue up your ass."

"Dude," said Derek, "let's go to my house. The pool will be awesome at night, and my parents are down in Wildwood for the week."

"Oh, fuck, okay, I'll meet you there." "Mike."

"Yeah?"

"I don't know what to say about this crazy night. I don't believe I'm gay or even bi. It's just, I don't know. I'm so fucking turned on by what we did tonight and what I still want to do with you."

"I'm not judging you, man. I'm so happy we're friends and I'll totally respect your limits and whatever you want. I'm here, Derek." 

"Okay, my friend. I'll see you at my house."

"Peace, man," Derek responded as he winked at me, springing my cock back to life.

Minutes later I was walking around to Derek's backyard and in the glow of the moonlight I saw him lounging naked on a lounge. It was beautiful seeing his hard body, the dark bush, the tasty cock. 

"Wuzzup my man!" I mischievously exclaimed and Derek smiled. 

"Eat my ass," he simply ordered.

He rolled over and I got instantly hard looking at his tight, hard ass. I squatted down, spread his cheeks and ran my tongue up the entire crack, certainly not missing his inviting hole, the hole I had dreamed about for years. After licking up and down, down and up that beautiful crack, and after pulling apart and bringing back those beautiful ass cheeks, my tongue settled onto his hole.

Derek was moaning, "Oh, FUCK, Mike, this is hot." I responded by pushing my tongue farther into his ass. He moaned and groaned louder: "Ahhhh, Ohhhhhh."

For the next half hour I was dripping hard as my lips and tongue explored, loved, kissed, nibbled, inhaled and slurped and swallowed Derek's beautiful asshole.

"Let's hit the pool man!" Derek exclaimed after squirming in the rapture of my invasive tongue. He dove in and I quickly disrobed and followed. 

"Let's race. The loser has to suck the winner's cock!" Derek challenged. 

"Well, I'm clearly going to make sure I lose then," I retorted.

"You're so fucking gay, man," Derek playfully teased.

"I know, and don't you love it?" I answered.

I dove on him with a bear hug and gave him a big kiss on the cheek. He bear hugged me back and planted a kiss on my cheek as well. We kept our arms embracing each other as I slid my hands down and caressed his studly ass. He did the same to me as we stared in each other's eyes, both of our Adam's apples gulping.

"I fucking want you so bad, Derek," I whispered. 

"I know, man. And it's weird but I'm wanting you, too," he countered.

Our lips met and soon thereafter our tongues. "I need your cock," I said.

Derek walked over to the shallow end and sat up on the side of the pool, where his cock was out of the water. I got between his firm, chiseled legs and slurped his cock to the slurping sound of the pool's filter. 

"I'm gonna blow, Mike," Derek softly moaned to me. I pulled my face off of him and caressed his cock as it shot spurts and spasms onto my lips. I licked it all and swallowed. 

"Your turn, stud," Derek offered. We switched positions. By now my night vision had sharpened and in the darkness I could make out all the details of Derek's face. He was hungry, full of lust as he went down on me. He kept rubbing his face all over my cock, as I would expect he would do with pussy. And then he deeply inhaled the scent of my balls, like I had done his ass, and I knew he was seriously into me.

"Suck me good, Derek. Suck that cock." His response was to deep throat me and he caressed my balls gently with his fingers. Suddenly he put his middle finger exhilaratingly and unexpectedly into my hole--and I spontaneously shot four spasms of load down his throat. 

"Sorry, man, I couldn't give you any warning that I was exploding," I said.

After swallowing every drop of me, Derek replied, "You kidding, man? I fucking loved that shit."

We then moved to the grass, where we lay in 69 position, me on the bottom. It felt so good to not only get my cock sucked but to have Derek's ass, once again, all over my face and my tongue blissfully far up his rectum. He squirmed with ecstasy as my tongue devoured and violated his asshole. We switched positions and Derek tasted, at first tentatively, then ravenously, my asshole as my mouth voraciously engulfed his member.

Finally, we nailed each other in the ass. First I grabbed the bars on the lounge and bent over as Derek took me from behind, doggy style. He raped me hard. Then he got on all fours on the same lounge with his ass in the air. I fucked him so hard I nearly broke the chair. 

"Dude, that was awesome," panted Derek. "Don't laugh. Well, you're gonna think I'm sick, but as you were pounding me, I was getting even more turned on thinking about...."

"What?"

"Dude," he continued, "I always thought your father was the handsomest stud." Holy shit, Derek had the hots for my father? Well, somehow this makes me feel less weird. I know my dad is very handsome.

"Okay," I offered. "As long as we're being honest, I've jerked off to fantasies about him, too. Have you ever thought of your dad that way?"

"You kidding?" Derek answered. "No way. First off he ain't good looking and secondly, no, that just seems fucked up. But, hey, I mean whatever you're into. And your dad is fucking hot, man. Hot as hell!"

"Yeah, he is. Maybe that's where I get if from," I teased.

To my surprise, Derek didn't laugh at that. "No shit, man. You are very hot, too. In total confidence, if my dad was as hot as he is, I'd wanna fuck with him, too. Shit, I'd love to see you two go at it. The three of us at an orgy! Can you imagine that shit?!" 

I answered, "Fuck, yeah, that would be hot. Hey you know I was always fantasizing about doing your cousin Tommy and you together." 

Derek laughed. "Well, that might be possible. I think Tommy goes the way of the gay. But I'm not sure. He supposedly lives with 'roommates' out in Bernardsville, but it's really just one guy as far as I can tell. Maybe the way he always emphasized the plural, 'roommates,' kinda tipped me off, him trying like to make it seem less gay, I don't know. But I'm betting he'd take it up his ass. That's probably why he was always fighting with everybody on his team. Lots of pent up frustration. Dude's a faggot, I'm sure."

With a promise from Derek that he might hook us up with Tommy, we dressed and exchanged one last hug before I got into my car and started home. It was about 3 a.m. when I pulled in. Before heading to bed I stopped in to raid the refrigerator, a nice half of a Subway sandwich that I left earlier. I was thankful my brothers hadn't swiped it.

My dad surprised me in the doorway by the dining room. He was standing there handsome as ever, in his boxer shorts and no shirt. Fuck, Derek is right. He is amazing, I thought. The chest with the nice patch of hair, the firm arms, the tight legs, the handsome, boyishly good-looking face. Fuck, I want his cock. I didn't want him to see me looking, so I resisted the urge to look right at his fly. Damn, I'm so hot for him.

I sat at the kitchen table and ate my sandwich when my dad opened the fridge, startling me with the fridge light. "Ya have a good night, Mike?" 

"Yeah, I was out with Rich." Was my dad waiting for me? There's something in the air here that suggests he didn't just wake up suddenly.

Dad brought over some left over lasagna and joined me, without turning the kitchen light on. It was beautiful and hot to sit with him as he was only in his boxers and in a room only lit by the distant moon glare.

"I'm glad to see you getting out and having some fun, Mike."

"Thanks, Dad."

There was a long pause as I suppose we were both thinking of something to say.

"I know. I know, Mike," he suddenly responded.

"Know what?"

I was getting very nervous where this was heading. Robert had helped embolden me with confronting my sexuality and the enemies to it, but this was a Herculean task here, confronting my father. I was terrified.

"Mike, it's okay."

"What's okay?"

"I know you're not going over to that Marine's house every day for nothing." He took a bite of the lasagna.

I was silent, hoping for the right words to come to me. I nervously sipped a Sprite.

He continued, "I want you to know that I love you. I know I don't always show it. But I do. I love you more than life itself."

"I thought you were ashamed of me."

"No, no, no, never. I'd be lying if I said that I wasn't disappointed. Look, every dad wants to see his son happy, with a traditional and happy life. But there's nothing wrong with you and I'm proud of you and happy that you've found somebody."

"Dad, you're the best." I got up from the chair opposite him and walked around the table and reached down and hugged him. He stood up and answered me by giving me a very big hug. We stood there hugging and holding each other tightly with the moonlight illuminating the room.

"I love you Dad," I said as I kissed his cheek. "I don't think there's anybody in the world I love more than you. I want you to be proud of me." Then, maybe, I revealed too much of my hidden desires. I also said, "There's nothing I wouldn't do for you, Dad." And then I kissed him again and held him tightly. He responded by silently kissing my cheek. This was probably the perfect moment of my life. Total bliss. Standing there against him, tightly holding him, smelling him. 

We continued holding each other and I started to get really hard. Our bodies were tightly hugging and we're the same height, so I know he felt my cock. My cock involuntarily twitched and I felt it rub against his, which I strongly suspected was hard, too. I didn't feel dirty or wrong. I just felt loved and excited.

I just wanted to stand like this forever, and even take it to where I'd been many times earlier this evening. I wanted to taste my dad's semen and have him fuck me. I wanted him to manhandle me. 

He knows about my being gay. My thoughts raced: Dad, you always seem to hint about my sexuality. I bet you always knew. You always knew. Fuck. That means he knows I'm hot for him. He knows. Shit, he knows. He knows I want his cock. He knows I used to jack off with his used underwear in my face. He knows I used to wipe my face with his worn jock strap and jerk off. I don't know how, exactly, but he's known all along about my being gay and he knows all along how hot I am for him. He knows this. I'm hard as a rock and he's hugging me tightly. He knows. He knows.

But I wouldn't make that type of move on my Dad. And he wouldn't make that type of move on me. We both settled for the next best thing. For a good ten minutes we stood hugging and holding each other, gently swaying in the moonlight.

"Thanks for supporting me, Dad. I love you." I loved having my face pressed gently against his firm, hairy chest. Did he also know that? Did I somehow give myself away there when I switched sides while keeping my face in contact with his chest, resting the other cheek against his tight pectoral muscle? I inhaled deeply as my nose brushed passed his chest hair. Did he know this? I'm wondering now how slick had I been all these years in hiding my attraction.

"Dad?" I trembled to ask. 

"Yeah?"

"You know, don't you?"

He didn't respond. My heart barely did either.

"Dad? Do you know everything?"

He just continued holding me for a few seconds, then lifted his head and looked me in the eye. "Yeah, I know." He continued gazing into my eyes. A few seconds later he said, "I love you Michael." He then gently kissed me on the cheek. I responded, "I love you more than anything in this world." I was crying now. Tears streamed down my face. "My heart is exploding. I freaking love you Dad. You are the best damn father in the whole wide world. I'm madly in...." I stopped myself from completing that sentence. I quickly changed it to: "I love you. I love you." I gave him one more kiss on the cheek, but wanting to taste his lips. And I knew I'd better go to bed or I'd be making a serious fool of myself. 

He gave me the perfect exit. "Now get outta here and get to bed. And clean that damn garage tomorrow."
