 My story begins in the way so many stories begin. I was happy, married to a beautiful woman, a successful career that had seen me climb to the top through many years of hard work and determination. Never once had I ever questioned my sexual orientation in my life. Everything had always been about beautiful girls and vanilla sex. As for my job, over the years, I had many hundreds of different people working for me and never had I run into anything like this before.

It began one day when I was expecting about 20 new people to come in for work. They all arrived on time, except for one, and he texted me that he would be late, so it was cool. Being as all of the people were dispatched to me through a union, I didn't know what to expect from any of them. I put them all to work, no problem, like I had done a million times before. Then He rolled in, about an hour late, as I was doing some paperwork and my life would change forever. 

His name is Matthew, and He would alter my entire existence. He is younger, only 19, tall, well built, very engaging and confident. When I saw him I remember thinking just how good looking he was. He has thick dark hair and blue eyes that were the colour of a tropical ocean. His face is very clean cut and extremely handsome. I admit, it caught me off guard. I had never had this kind of reaction to any man ever before and I was very flustered. I quickly brushed it off as just my petty jealousy. I am 36 and a fairly good looking guy, but nowhere near in Matthews league. 

He is taller and leaner, yet still more muscled than me. The type of guy that can have girls falling all over themselves to get with him. When he shook my hand, I felt his strength, and it seemed to weaken me. His hands are much bigger than mine, and it really hurt when he squeezed it. He looked me in the eyes and I felt him staring into me. I literally felt myself shrinking as my gaze went to the ground. For some reason I felt like I couldn't keep eye contact with him. I am sure that he noticed this too as his confidence seemed to grow right in front of me. I was at a loss for words, so he suggested he jump in with some of the others outside working. In my flustered state, I simply agreed and he went on his way.

A couple hours in the sun and I came out to see how they were doing. When I approached them, Matthew was working away, no shirt on. This is frowned upon, as it is not very professional. Usually I would immediately tell someone to put a shirt on or go home. As I was approaching he turned to me and I simply froze. 

His body was simply stunning, a work of art. His lean frame was surprisingly muscular, with a long torso and a six pack that was being so perfectly defined by the sun, that most would assume it was photoshopped. He was tattooed, but all of it was very artistic and seemed to only accentuate the lines of his body. He was also very tanned, with no sign of a tan line anywhere. I remember wondering what it must be like to look that good, to be that perfect. How people, women and men, must stop and stare whenever he walks by. What must it be like to be that hot, the power that he must yield. My mouth was most likely hanging open at this point. He just kept working as I watched him. I noticed the girls working at the gate, two 19 year old cute girl next door types, were checking him out too, giggling and blushing as he moved about. I felt my body tighten up, and there was a noticeable tingling sensation going through me. As I was staring at his body, almost in a drooling state, I failed to notice that he saw me. 

A smile was creeping across his face as he shouted "Everything okay boss? Do you like what you see?

I felt my cheeks flush and I instantly replied "Yes", then struggled to break my stare. I turned and walked back to my office. I kept looking over my shoulder as I walked away, and saw Matthew talking to the two girls. I watched for a bit, and saw the obvious signals that both of these girls were into him. After a few minutes I managed to make it back to my office. 

An hour or so later, I heard someone come in. I looked and saw Matthew approaching, still shirtless, and a fine layer of sweat glistening on his body. 

"Boss, I am going to have to leave early today." he stated in a very commanding voice. I would normally never allow this. But I felt obliged to say yes. I found myself looking at his chest and stomach, a noticeable growing sensation in my pants. I am still not sure how, but he could see right through me.

"It's okay." he said reassuringly. "I will stay for a bit, I don't have to leave until 2." I barely had time to check to see that it was only 10, before he said "I don't want to work outside though. I think I'll hang out in here." 

I was appalled and shocked by this. "How dare he!" I thought. "There is a lot to do out there." I stated, but my voice was shaky and it came out more like a question for some reason. 

"You can do it instead." he replied quickly. 

"But I am the boss." I tried to say but was interrupted before I could finish. 

"Yeah...well...not anymore. So I am going to hang out here while you go and work, that way I can get some sleep before the party tonight. First I'm gonna need a little massage though. Get out of your chair, I need to sit. You can massage me here." 

I was flabbergasted, my words were not coming out. I actually found myself getting up and shuffling out of his way. Now he was sitting at my computer desk and I was still struggling to try and explain that I was his boss, his superior. 

He interrupted again. "Start massaging you little bitch, my neck is sore." As he said it his eyes met mine, and that was it. He had me. I felt so powerless and small. My hands were trembling but I started massaging his shoulders and he put his feet up on my desk. He closed his eyes and after a few minutes of that he opened them.

"Okay, enough of that. You are going to have to give me a blowjob now, and you should really put some effort into it." he then said. "My cum is precious to you, I want you to remember that." To my horror, he unzipped his pants and pulled them down, revealing an extremely long and thick uncut cock. My eyes widened as I saw it and my mouth dropped open in disbelief. 

"Hurry up, get on your knees." was all he said. I swear I was still trying to say that I am his boss and that he should be listening to me, but as I was saying it I was falling to my knees in front of him. Now I was knelt in front of him, and inching my way towards his cock. I wish there was a word for it, but "massive' is probably a close description. It wasn't so much the length, but the sheer thickness of it and the disproportionate size of the head that had me quite intimidated. It was also uncut and it seemed to glisten in the shafts of light coming through the window. 

When it touched my lips I felt myself change forever. I was licking and sucking, using all of the same kind of techniques that my wife had used on me. I felt the desire, no the need, to please Matthew with everything I had. 

I went to town slurping and deepthroating. As his cock grew I was gagging, but it didn't stop me. I kept going. Slow, then fast, then some licking. Then slow and fast again. 10 minutes had passed and his cock was now throbbing. Then there was a knock on the door. In my absolute horror I stopped. 

The black curtain that covered my desk area from the entrance was only covering me. "Keep going." he said as he pushed my head back down on his cock. "Come in." he turned to the person at the door. It was one of the girls from the gate. 

"I got an extra iced coffee if you want it." she said to him. Meanwhile he was leaned back, hands behind his head, and I was still blowing him with everything I had. 

"Thanks." he said back to her. " Just leave it there, I am busy right now. Would you want to go to a party tonight?" He asked her, but his question sounded more like a statement. 

"Yah." she said giggling and most likely blushing. "Would it be alright if I bring my friend too?" She asked. 

"Okay, I will come get you when we're done today." Then I heard the door close. 

"Okay, I'm going to cum, but I want to cum all over your face, then I want you to scrape it off your face and drink it." 

With that I felt him tighten up and his cock expand again in my mouth. He pulled out and the first wave hit my face like a firehose. All over my eyes and mouth and in my hair. It was way more cum that I had ever though could be possible. He then went into a second set of contortions and shoved his cock back in my mouth. I felt another load shoot into the back of my throat. I swallowed and swallowed, licked and licked until nothing else was coming out and His cock was completely clean. Then I leaned back and used my hands to scrape the cum off my face and into my mouth.

"Okay, get out, go to work." he stated. "I need to sleep." I found myself walking away now, head bowed down, and off I went to work outside. 

"Oh yeah...and tomorrow night you are going to take me to meet your wife." he smiled as I closed the door behind me.

To be continued.