 All rights reserved – this story is a work of fiction and remains the property of the writer.



My wife and I had fallen behind on the rent and she was getting very stressed out about the possibility that we'd be evicted. I was trying to catch up and had taken a second job to try to make ends meet, but we weren't making a lot of progress. As a last ditch effort, Susan went to see our landlord, Mr. Reno to see if we could stay another month and try to catch up. As she came back to our apartment I noticed a strange look on her face, it didn't seem like she had good news, so I braced for the worst.

"So, what did he say? I asked, assuming he had told her we had to be out at the end of the month.

"He, well, he had a proposal for us. He seemed to be sympathetic, I guess." She said as she sat down across from me at the kitchen table. "I told him we were trying to catch up, but would probably take a few months to make it. He said he would have to evict us unless we could come to an arrangement, as it was the policy of his company. I didn't realize he owned the building, just thought he worked for the owner. So I told him we'd do whatever it would take. You know how stressed I've been about this - I thought he was talking about a payment plan...." She trailed off.

"So, what did he propose? Trading sex for rent?" I was joking, but she didn't smile.

"Yeah, that's pretty much it." She said. The thought of Susan having sex with this old man made me angry, thinking that he would assume he could do that. But I have to admit it; it also made me a little hot. I had many fantasies about sharing her with another man, and we had even discussed it in bed together. Although I don't think the fantasy involved her with a man in his sixties. He was a short, skinny guy who was balding, and dressed in clothes that were too big for him. I had seen him looking at her before, but this was a whole new level of lechery. Susan, on her part, was a good looking woman who had short dark hair, a great voluptuous shape that I loved, with 38D breasts, and nice, wide hips. I couldn't picture the two of them together.

"So what did you say? He can't be seriously thinking we would do that?"

"I, well, I told him I'd talk to you about it. He seemed to be really excited about the idea, and he said it would just be once and we'd be caught up."

"I bet he was excited about it, you're not really considering it are you? He's gotta be nearly seventy!"

"Well, I thought it wouldn't be such a big deal, we did talk about trying to include another man sometime, and this would take care of our bill problem - we would have some breathing room. The only thing is........it wasn't me he was interested in." Susan's eyes dropped down and she looked up at me with a little grin.

"What?! You mean he wants to have sex with me? He's gay?" I couldn't believe it. This was an entirely different thing. I had begun to warm up to the idea of watching Susan with Alec (Mr. Reno), but this hadn't even occurred to me. 

"Well, at first I didn't think there was a chance, but then I thought about that one time you told me you had a fantasy about trying sex with a guy, and I just thought maybe.....maybe you would consider it. For us. It would just be once, and if you don't like it, at least you can say you tried and found out. And.....he said.....well, he said he would be gentle and show you how to do the things he wants." I had told her about my bi-curiosity a few years ago, but to hear it come back at me like this was a shock. I saw she was a little excited about this idea, and I knew she was desperate to get our housing situation worked out.

"What did he say? What does he want to do exactly?"

"Well, he said you would love it. He said he hadn't had sex with anyone for years, but he thought you were hot. He wanted me to ask you and if you agreed, he said you could stop by his unit later."

"Today? Well, he's pretty sure of himself isn't he?" Susan had crossed the room and was sitting on my lap now. She was clearly trying to get me to agree, and had unbuttoned her top, exposing her bra, and she knew how her body affected me. She unsnapped the front hook and her breasts fell out of her bra. Her dark, wide nipples came into view, making me grow hard. "Do you really want me to do this, what would you think of it?"

"You'd be doing it for us. And besides, I think it would be hot to hear about it after.....will you do it?" She lifted a nipple to my mouth and I sucked it while running my hands over her body. I started to undo her pants, and was about to stand when she interrupted me. "So?"

"Ok, ok, I'll do it." I would have agreed to anything at that moment, and I had to admit, I was a little curious about what he had in mind. I had always wondered what it would be like to touch another man's cock, and it looked like I would find out. I sat down in the chair and pulled down Susan's jeans, exposing her panty covered pussy. Some pubic hair showed over the top of her small panties, and I quickly pulled them down to taste her.

"Whoa, lets not go to far......go see Mr. Reno and then when you get back, I'll be waiting." She removed her clothes, kissed me hard, and stood nude before me. The sight made my knees weak. "Thank you so much - I love you, and I can't wait to hear all about it."

I wasn't sure what to do to prepare for this. I brushed my teeth and tried to calm my aching cock down enough to make walking around comfortable. I figured it was now or never and made my way to his apartment on the top floor. This day had taken a huge turn.

Mr. Reno opened the door shortly after I knocked, and he stood before me in pajamas of all things. They were too big for him, as usual, and he had a huge grin.

"Well, Andy, so glad you decided to take me up on my offer. I'm sorry you two are having trouble with your finances, but like I told your beautiful wife, maybe we can work something out." He led me into his living room, indicating I should sit on the couch.

"I was pretty surprised when Susan told me what you proposed. I'm still not sure I can go through with this....." I admitted.

"Oh, she told me you would be hesitant at first, but she seemed confident you would agree. Said you had told her of being curious for some time. Well, the time has come to satisfy that curiosity. What were you fantasizing about? I'd love to hear." He moved across the room, and I glanced down at his crotch, I thought I must have been mistaken, or seeing things, as it looked like this tiny man had an enormous cock. As he walked the fly of his pajama pants opened and revealed what looked like just the shaft of a soft dick, but that would mean it hung down low enough to not expose the tip. Couldn't be.

"I, well, I had noticed I was paying more and more attention to the.....the male actors in porn movies. I started to wonder what it would be like to touch a man's.......well, you know...." I stammered. He had dropped into a chair across from me and the fly of his pants had split open, revealing part of his shaft again.

"You were thinking about touching another man's cock? Maybe taking it in your mouth?" He said it, just like that. "Were you thinking about that, or having a man touch you? I guess I'm wondering if you think of yourself as a top or a bottom? That would be a good place to start."

"I'm not sure what you mean." I asked. "A top?"

"Well, simply, the 'top' would take the male role in the sex, and the 'bottom' would take the more female role, being penetrated, either orally, or.....well, I guess we've come this far. The 'bottom' would typically be curious about, and ultimately enjoy being mounted by the 'top'. Taken like a woman, do you understand? Which do you think you might be? I'll tell you now that I've always been a 'top'. Always enjoyed taking charge and assuming the 'alpha-male' role." He had taken on a very self-satisfied expression, and reached down to adjust his crotch as he spoke. Closing the gaping fly of his pajamas.

"I guess I was thinking of the 'bottom' role - if that's what you call it. My fantasies did usually involve a dominant man. An older man who would show me what to do." I was red-faced, and it felt so strange to discuss this so openly.

"That's almost too perfect then isn't it? So, how much time do we have?"

"We have as much time as we need I guess. Susan knows where I am, and she's very anxious to get the rent issue worked out, and.....she seems anxious to hear about what happens." I told him, thinking to myself that this was really going to happen. The realization had me getting hard all over again. I was a little light headed, and didn't know how this would play out, but I knew I was in for something new.

"OK, that's good. So Susan wants to hear all about this, does she? I like that, too bad she's not here to see you. See you touching me, see you suck my hard cock, see you bend over and take my cock like a woman. You will be my woman very soon. How do you feel about that?"

"I, I......yes I want that." I admitted quietly. The fact that I wanted all these things made me ashamed, and very hot at the same time. He had such a straightforward way of saying things, of telling me what I would do, what I was about to become....I adjusted my own cock as the erection was making me very uncomfortable. I looked up and saw something that took my breath away. "Oh, Mr. Reno......" I moaned.

He had pulled his penis through the fly of his pajamas. It lay there on his leg, and was long. I had never seen such a long cock. It was soft and had to be six inches long. The head was covered by his foreskin, and I had never seen one of those before either (except in the movies & photos on the internet that I had spent so much time viewing as I stroked my own cock). He looked down at it, and then up at me.

"So there it is. What do you think?" He lifted his cock and pointed it at me, pulling the foreskin back and exposing the wide head. It was dark red, and the hole in the tip opened as he pulled it. I didn't know what to say - it was amazing. He stood and walked to me. Stopping as his legs moved between my knees. I was looking at this large, soft penis directly in front of me. "I don't think we should bother with some long, drawn-out seduction. I know you're interested, I've seen that look before. Lets just start with you sucking my cock. Then we'll see where that takes us." I felt his hand on the back of my neck, pulling me toward his cock. My mouth was dry I was so excited. I moved to press my face against his manhood. My nose found the place where his cock joined his body and I inhaled his manly musk. The scent was so amazing, I nearly came. I nuzzled his groin and lifted his big balls in my hand. They hung low, and seemed so full, and firm. He had pulled his pants down and fully exposed his package to me. I could feel his cock filling with blood, lengthening, hardening, and growing next to my face.

Mr. Reno leaned back, lifted his cock and directed it to my open mouth. He was about half hard now, and his glans had moved out of his foreskin on its own. I opened wide and accepted him. I felt his penis on my tongue, closed my lips around him, and became a cocksucker. He put his hands on his hips, and tipped his head back, letting out a long groan of satisfaction. I moved my head, taking as much of him as I could. I felt his hands hold my head as he began fucking my mouth with his now ragingly hard cock. 

"Ooooh yeah, that's nice. Suck that cock now; suck it like you've wanted to do since you first laid eyes on it. Mmmmmm, yes, that's right, take my cock baby. Oh yeah, oh yeah. Tell me you want this big dick." He pulled free of my mouth, and stepped back, stroking that monster in front of me. It looked so good, so big, I wanted it back in my mouth. All I could think of was getting to the reward of his cum, and having him shoot it into my mouth.

"Please, please sir, can I suck your cock?" I moaned as I reached for him. His cock jerked upward, and I saw that his balls were pulling upward. He was close, and I wanted his load. I needed to feel him cum. I took him back between my lips and sucked hard. I couldn't get enough - I needed his cock.

"Are you going to cum? Does sucking my cock make you hard?" 

"Mmmmm, yes, please, I need your cock." I said as he pulled free form my mouth.

"Pull your cock out and jerk it onto mine. I want you to cum on my cock." I didn't have to be asked twice. I pulled my cock out; it was so hard it ached. I pointed it at his cock. It looked so small next to his. Then he did something amazing. Taking my cock, he put the tip of it against his tip, and rolled his foreskin over both of our heads. I couldn't believe the sensations and the visual aspect as I looked down and saw my cock head covered by his long foreskin. I could feel the slick pre-cum, and he stroked both of our cocks once, twice, and that was it for me. I started to cum, and he held his foreskin tight over my spewing penis. I filled his foreskin with my cum, bathing his glans with my semen. It felt so hot, and wet, and when he let go of my cock, I slipped free, and he tipped his erection upward, holding the semen in the fleshy receptacle. 

Although I had just cum, the sight transfixed me. There was his mighty cock, straining upward, and the foreskin was brimming with my white, hot load. His cockhead was literally bathing in my sperm. I dropped back to my knees. I never would have believed I would still be interested after having just cum, but seeing this huge cock, covered in my cream had me so hot. Mr. Reno tipped my head back and placed his cock in my mouth .I sucked the tip and pushed my tongue under his foreskin. The taste of my own cum flooded my mouth. I sucked him hard, cleaning all of the warm cream from his cock. Just as I swallowed my own load, marveling at the taste, the smell, the texture of the semen that had me feeling drunk, he came. The result was explosive - cum overload as he slid further into my mouth, his cock jerked and I felt a warm liquid hit the roof of my mouth. I sucked him, not wanting to lose a drop of the precious fluid. His cock kept spurting, kept performing its task, delivering his semen to me. He held my head, and emptied his big nuts into my mouth.

"Oooooh yes! Yes! There it is. Mmmmmmmm swallow that load boy!" He looked down at me as he shot the last few spurts. I opened my mouth, showing him the pool of white sperm bathing my tongue. Mr. Reno squeezed the last few drops into my mouth. I was looking up into his eyes as I prepared to swallow his seed. Just then he pulled me to my feet. We stood facing each other, him wearing only a shirt, me with my cock exposed, touching his. He looked into my eyes, and then pulled me in for what would become my first kiss with a man. He kissed me hard, pushing his tongue into my mouth, sharing the load between us; he held my head, grinding his cock into mine. Rubbing his giant penis against my modest cock. The kiss lasted for what seemed like an hour. Finally I managed to swallow the semen that remained in my mouth, taking his essence into my body. I took a breath and savored the taste of this man who had just given me the gift of his seed.

"Let's hit the shower." He led me to the washroom, and disrobed. He was an amazing specimen, skinny, short, and a bit of a belly. With this enormous cock dangling between his thighs. When he turned away from me to adjust the water in the large, walk-in shower, I could see his large balls hanging down. I reached for his cock again, reaching around him. "Whoa there, let's get washed up a bit." He stepped into the shower and I followed. He handed me the soap and told me what to do. "Soap yourself up and then wash me. We'll see where that takes us."

I soaped my self until I was covered in a thick lather. Paying particular attention to my crotch and moving the soap around to get liberal amounts on my anus as well. Turning my attention to him, I soaped him fully, letting my hands languish over his body. Finally spending time lathering his genitals. His cock reacted quickly, growing hard as I stroked it with the slippery soap. He held us closely together and our bodies slipped against one another. He held me like a lover, kissing me, and I felt his hand reach my back, slide down and move between my buttocks. His finger searched for and located my slippery opening, pushing against it until he gained entrance. The feeling of him sliding his thick finger into me was incredible. My cock, already hard, throbbed strongly and caused my ass to contract around his finger. The soap had made his entry very easy, and his finger made contact with my prostate, sending rockets of pleasure up my cock.

"You like that don't you? Look how hard you get when I slip my finger into you. I think you're really going to enjoy what comes next." I knew what he meant, and although I hadn't thought I would go that far, I knew it was going to happen. I turned and faced the wall, bending over to expose myself to him. I felt him push a second finger into me, and there was some slight pain before I grew accustomed to it. A third finger followed and he slowly entered me with his digits, stretching me, and preparing me for what was to come. When I had relaxed sufficiently, I felt him withdraw. I leaned on the bench and waited for the inevitable. "Mmmmm, I think you're ready......tell me what you want......tell me...."

"Please, fuck me.....fuck me with your big cock....I need you inside me." I pleaded, hearing the pounding of the water from the showerhead splash against the tiled wall. I felt something hard, and yet warm nudge against my anus. I knew his cock was at my entrance, and it wouldn't be long before I was no longer a virgin. His hands grasped my hips as he started to push forward ever so slightly. As he gained the slightest bit of entrance the pain shot through me, and I pulled forward. "Please, no, please take it out...it's too big....i can't take it."

"Just relax, push out a little when I push in, and it will go much easier.....you'll love it.....a little pain at first, but then pleasure..." He held me tightly, and pushed into me. I pushed out with my anus, and felt the soapy head of his cock slip into my 'pussy'. The pain was immense. I pulled forward and he popped out. "Mmmmm, you're so tight, that will make this a little tougher. But you will beg me for it before we're done. Let's get out and dry off." I was a little disappointed that he wasn't going to take me there in the shower. We rinsed off and dried ourselves. I dropped to my knees and began sucking his erect penis. In a few moments the pre-cum started to flow and I sucked it hungrily. He pulled free of my mouth, and led me to the bedroom.

"Lie on the edge of the bed, pull your legs up and we'll get this worked out." I did. Holding my legs up in the air, I felt like a woman must feel when she's ready to be mounted, waiting for that initial touch of her lover's penis. He stood between my legs, his cock hanging, touching my ass from time to time as he applied a cool lubricant to my cock. I was hard, and the stroking made me relax, and want him even more. He poured some of the lube on my opening, and the cool sensation drove me wild. I felt his thumb push into me, and drive more of the lube into me. As he did this I could feel his erection nudging me, wanting to gain entry as he liberally applied the lube. Next he stroked the gel onto his shaft until it was a shiny, throbbing, vein-covered rod that bounced against my leg as he prepared me to receive him. "Now, just relax, I'm going to slip into you, little by little. You push out with your ass when you feel me push and I'll pop right in. it won't hurt for long." He stroked my cock one last time and with the other hand he positioned himself at my opening. Swinging his hips forward just slightly I felt the pressure as the big helmet of his cock pushed at my back door. I pushed out as he applied pressure and eased off. Alternating his pressure, his cock slowly relaxed my 'pussy' and little by little he began to enter me. Finally instead of withdrawing, he pushed forward even more, and my ass opened, his head slipped in, and I felt the full thickness of his manhood. The feeling as intense as his cock stretched me. I felt full, yet only had the head in me. The pain flared, then subsided, replaced with an incredible feeling of intense pleasure, and pride that I had made this man so hard, and he wanted to fuck me.
