 It was the Friday night before the Super Bowl, and I was riding high. My favorite team was playing and I was certain they would win.

What made it more interesting was my buddies favorite team was also playing and as you can imagine...we were trash talking all week long.

That Friday night, we were out at a local bar pounding a few and getting loud and drunk with each beer. The conversation turned to the big game and we decided to watch it at his place. It was then that the wager was made....

We drank to near closing time, and kept trash talking all night long. Each of us was convinced out team would win and we took turns letting each other know it. Finally my buddy chimed in, "I know we will win. I'm so sure that if they do lose - I'll suck your dick." Now we have both had our share of women, some we have even shared so I laughed it off. He brought it up a few more times prompting me to say, "I'll take that bet and up it. If my team loses - I'll let you fuck my ass!" We shook hands on it and laughed it up both convinced we would not lose, and not really sure where things would go.

I showed up on time for the big game that Sunday. Both of us were wearing our favorite teams jerseys and tight jeans. The game began and his team jumped out to an early big lead. My nerves started to kick in and he could see it. He seemed nervous too but kept promising to take his prize. My ass tensed up scared of what would happen to it. Half time came and when he got up to use the bathroom (only ahead by a touchdown) I checked him out. I have never done that before and he was in fact attractive and well built. I started to think about if I won, and wondered if he would really suck my cock. I started getting really hard thinking about it. He returned to the living room carrying a jar of Vaseline. He placed it on top of the TV and laughed walking back to his chair.

The game was close up until the end but my team could not pull it off. I was upset to watch him celebrate but really became quite nervous not knowing what would happen. It was then that he remembered the bet and got quiet. He sat in his chair and we sat in silence until he finally spoke up. "You know, I feel bad for your loss. Bet's off!"

I was upset but really turned on. I took off my jersey and started to twist and play with my hardening nipples. He sat there quietly watching when I noticed him rubbing his cock through his jeans.

I got up and walked towards the TV. I picked up the jar off Vaseline and tossed it to him saying, "A bet is a bet". I dropped my pants and boxers causing my hard cock to bounce out and up. I stroked it a few times and headed down the hall towards his bedroom. I climbed on all fours on his bed, ass up, waiting to see if he would go through with it.

It was then I heard him enter the room and approach me. Scared as hell, and not sure if this would happen, I waited trembling. Then I heard him remove his clothes. My cock got even harder knowing he was naked and right behind me.

He leaned in to place the jar on the edge of the bed, and it was then that I felt his cock brush my ass. He then started to rub his hands all over my hips and ass and I knew then that the time was at hand. I needed to see him before he plunged deep inside my ass, so I got up and turned towards him. He had a great body. I noticed then how long and wide his cock was. We stared at each other for a few seconds before I dropped to my knees before him. His nerves got the best of him and he tried to pull me to my feet. I took his cock into my hand and stroked it slowly at first building up speed. He let out a moan and allowed me to lean in and begin to lick his heavy balls. I licked them for several minutes taking each in my mouth before letting them spill out. I ran my tongue up the fat shaft slowly tasting his sweet man sweat. I got to the head and slowly ran my tongue over and around it circling it. I wasn't sure if I could go further but pondered how far I already went. I didn't have a choice! While licking the head of that hot cock, he grabbed the back of my head and worked his cock deep into my mouth. He let out a loud moan and held my head while I eagerly sucked his cock.

"Ohhhhhh...that's it man. Fuck yes...." he whispered. I couldn't believe my best friend was fucking my mouth and that I was so eager to take it. 

"It's time to pay up buddy" he said lifting me up from the ground. He turned me around and helped me down on all fours again on the edge of the bed, my ass hanging off. He was behind me and I felt him reach for the jar of Vaseline. I felt him take a finger and rub my asshole thoroughly sliding it inside prepping me for what was to come. I could hear him stroke the lube all over his cock letting out a squishing sound. We were both ready and this would change things forever. 

He climbed between my legs behind me pushing my knees wider apart really spreading me open. I leaned face first into the blanket grasping it preparing for my ass to get abused. I could feel the head right up against my hole. He then said, "Man if you tell anyone about this, I'll kill you and ruin your life." I mumbled out that my life would be as destroyed as his if anyone found out. 

It was then that I felt the head of his cock push its way into my tight hole. It stretched me open and start to hurt. I had no time to react or beg for mercy. Before I knew it, he pushed it in deep. I felt his pubic hair tickle my ass and his balls rest against mine as he grabbed my hips. Slowly he pulled out half way and plunged deep inside me again. He picked up a rhythm and fucked my ass for all it was worth. The pain quickly passed and I felt my cock start to throb. I knew that feeling well and could tell I was about to come. He put his weight down on my back and really buried himself inside me. I came all over his sheets.

After a few minutes, he pulled out. He rolled me onto my back spreading my legs open. He put my ankles on his shoulders and positioned himself to take me some more. His hard thick cock slid in easier this time and he resumed the pounding once more fucking me deeply in my stretched ass. He reached forward grabbing each of my nipples. He played with them and twisted them while fucking me hard.

His breathing picked up and his fucking picked up speed and I knew he was about to cum. Just then, he pulled out and shot a heavy warm load all over my cock and stomach and chest.

He climbed up on top of me pressing his cum between our hot sweaty wet bodies. We laid there a while longer before I dressed and left.

Football season starts again in a few months and according to the schedule, our teams will meet again!