 I was 19 years old when Cindy told me she was pregnant. We had both just finished high school together and had been dating for over two years. Cindy was absolutely gorgeous, a total hottie and we were both heads over heels in love with each other. I felt so lucky to have her, as I really thought she was out of my league, and did not look at her revelation as bad news. While I loved her and planned to marry her after college, the news however was life changing for me. 

Abortion was never an option for either of us. I had started my first semester at college and was floored when she called me that night with the news, but I was also happy as our bond for a lifetime together strengthened. I called my parents as soon as we hung up. They adored Cindy and they both said everything will be fine and the right thing to do was to marry her before child birth. So, it was settled, we got married immediately and we had a beautiful healthy son 7 months later, that we named Charles, after me.

My parents were pretty well off financially and readily agreed to help in any way possible to raise our son until I finished college. Cindy's parents were also very understanding about our predicament, coming on board 100%. They were delighted and offered to assist in any way possible also. They actually liked me and treated me like family from the beginning of our relationship. I think they knew I came from pretty good stock and had the potential to make a good future and take care of their daughter. 

Cindy's father worked for the city in a public utilities managerial position and her mother was a teacher. They were not struggling financially by any means, but their income was nowhere near the same level as my parents. My father was a doctor, a urologist, and had a thriving practice. Between Cindy, her parents, my parents and me, our little Charles was about to be spoiled as much as possible before I finished my degree.

I came home from college almost every weekend, if I could. It was a 3 hour drive and my love for Cindy and little Charles flourished. Even though this was an unexpected turn of events in my life, I honestly embraced the situation and felt blessed to have her as my wife and to have a wonderful healthy son.

A little background about me, while in high school, I swam competitively, it was my second love behind Cindy. Not to brag, but I was pretty good. My events were the 400 meter freestyle and 800 meter freestyle. I was recruited to join a college swim team with a full scholarship and I excelled for 4 years with them. Swimming was my passion and these were some of the best years of my life. 

While in college, I roomed all 4 years with a fellow swimmer. Danny and me were inseparable and did everything together. I was 5' 9"s tall, 155 pounds, lean and toned with a swimmer's build. Danny had about the same physique as me, a little bigger and we also swam the same events, so we trained together religiously. Danny had these huge hands and feet. I used to tease him about them, calling them his fish flippers, which is why he was so fast in the water. Our first year together, one night after going to a kegger, we both ended up pretty wasted and after going back to our dorm, something happened that changed me forever.

I had been having these intermittent muscle cramps in my right thigh for a few days and that night, it was cramping more than usual. Danny offered to rub my thigh and one thing progressed to another, with me getting an erection and him sucking my cock. It was absolutely awesome, honestly, better than Cindy had ever done. We were both pretty drunk and after he finished sucking my 5 ½" inch cock to completion, he asked me to reciprocate. 

Still inebriated, I readily agreed and knelt submissively between his legs. When he let it free from his shorts, I was shocked. Danny was very well endowed, about 8"s long, also much thicker, but circumcised like me. I was mesmerized by how his big cock looked, it didn't seem to fit his diminutive size. The first time I saw it, I thought it was absolutely majestic, as it strained into the most perfect erection craving my curiosity and attention. 

In my drunken state, I knelt in front of him while he sat on the edge of his bed. I sucked his handsome, virile cock eagerly and I swallowed most naturally, like it was second nature when he ejaculated in my mouth. I especially relished how it responded to the different things I did with my mouth, tongue and lips. I realized I had the power to control his cock and it was exhilarating. It was such a turn on to worship his beautiful cock and have the ability to make him explode. 

Afterwards, the whole experience was a little awkward and I was a bit ashamed, plus feeling guilty about cheating on Cindy. Somehow, I rationalized to myself that he was a man and not another woman, so I wasn't really cheating on her as much as if it were another woman. The next morning and for several days after, the idea of sucking his cock dominated my every thought. I somehow justified it as okay and I knew that I wanted to do it again and would do it again for him anytime he asked.

Our secret relationship continued throughout college, but it changed a little. Instead of reciprocal oral like we did the first few times, our routine had progressed so that I would only suck him. I would submissively kneel in front of him most evenings before retiring, and just service him. Also, often in the mornings, I would service his cock before classes started. He no longer returned the favor and I didn't even ask him to. I was happy just to suck his cock to completion and relished the feel of it in my mouth. His cock was so powerful and manly, that it totally consumed me to the point that I just loved orally massaging that hard muscle with my mouth until I made him cum. 

I became somewhat mentally dependant on servicing him, always as much as he would let me and relished doing it when I did. For the next 4 years, I must have sucked his cock several hundreds of times. As college ended, I figured that was a part of my life that was over forever. I reluctantly put this fetish in the closet and devoted all my time to Cindy and my son, who was almost 4 now.

Upon graduating with a degree in business, I landed a job with a friend of my father's as a favor to my dad. It paid a very handsome starting salary. I took my work seriously and was very devoted to it. My position in the company was upgraded several times and life seemed better than I could have imagined. Within two years of our apartment life, my parents helped me secure a loan so me and Cindy bought our first house. It was a little out of my price range, but month after month, we paid our note, adding to the principal when we could, and in just 5 quick years, we owned it. 

The house had a large swimming pool that we all really enjoyed, especially me and little Charles. He took to the water like a duck and I loved swimming with him and eventually began training him for style and speed. Charles was a natural swimmer, he was really gifted and when he turned 10, he began entering some local events and excelled competitively.

Life was good, and as the years went by, my career flourished financially. We decided to build a new custom dream house on the lake to suit our tastes, with a much larger swimming pool. Upon completion, it was perfect and I was never happier in my life. Me and Charles swam almost every night after work. With him now being in high school, he soon became a standout on his swim team. 

I still thought of Danny often, I missed that part of my life. I missed servicing his cock and wanted to experience that again. I would often fantasize about my male work friends and wondered how their cocks looked. While I never acted on it, my desires were all over the place and sometimes I fantasized about sucking a big cock when Cindy and I made love. Often, it was the stimuli that always pushed me over the edge to cum for her.

As time flew by, Charles decided on our community college and immediately joined the swim team. He chose community college because his high school swimming coach, which Charles accepted as his mentor, had now become the local community college swimming coach. It seemed a perfect fit and if Charles was happy, we were happy.

I remember when me and Cindy went to his first college swim meet. As we sat in the bleachers, very proudly as Charles spotted us and came over to say hello.

We sat right behind his team's bench and I couldn't help but notice this one kid on the team. He was black. While not trying to sound like a racist, but that was a rarity in the swimming world, especially in Idaho. I had black friends in college, some of them athletes, but they mostly were active in football or basketball, not in swimming. 

If that wasn't odd enough in itself, this kid really stood out physically from his teammates. He was just way more developed than the other swimmers. He must have been 6' 2"s tall and was not built like any college swimmer I have ever seen. He looked like he had been training since birth or had the world's best genetics. This kid had the best build I have ever seen. His physique was unreal, like it was created in a "Weird Science" computer world by a room of giggling girls.

He had the broadest shoulders ever, not a spec of body fat on him. His body, I don't think you could have grabbed enough skin to pinch him. His biceps, shoulders, chest and thighs were unbelievably developed, but he still had that lean swimmer's physique. I'm guessing he weighed 180 to 185 and it was all muscle. He had the smallest waist you could possibly imagine. His upper torso build, it began to ascend from his waist to his chest, widening into a perfect "V" upwards to his shoulders, with a sculpted eight pack of abs in the middle that was unreal defined. 

And again, if that wasn't odd enough, this kid had the most over stuffed pouch in his speedos that you could ever imagine. It looked like he had stuffed his speedos, as it was almost obscene the way his package protruded outward. Honestly, it literally commanded your attention if you saw him, you couldn't help but notice it.

He was a very handsome kid, definitely black but I guessed he was of mixed race. He had almost European facial characteristics, most particularly, a slim sculpted nose, arched eyebrows and high cheeks bones, as I guessed he was not 100% black.

His hair was not kinky, instead it was curly, small soft curls when dry, that went straight when they got wet. He seemed to draw a lot of attention from the school girls attending the swim meet, and stares from all the mothers and some of the fathers too. 

As Charles brought his teammates over to us to introduce them, this kid really stirred something in me. His name was Rodney and he was so casual and cool when he spoke to me and Cindy, such an air of confidence exuded from him. As we made small talk for a minute or two, I noticed Cindy was a little flushed and stole more than a few glances downward at his speedos, as I did too. He seemed to notice me taking more than one glance and gave me the warmest smile before he excused himself.

Throughout the meet, I couldn't help but stare at him. More than once, I thought about my college days with Danny and wondered what Rodney's cock looked like. It must have been huge if that was only him and all him in those speedos. I imagined his cock was positively gigantic and masculine. My heart would pound when he would turn our way and our eyes would meet. His casual smile made me flush when he caught me looking at him.

The meet went well, Charles won one of his events and placed second in the other. His team won partially because Rodney dominated all three of his events. When we got home, I told Charles that his teammates were welcome at our house anytime and could use our pool anytime they wanted. I don't think I had any ulterior motives at the time, but as I reflect back now, maybe I did.

In the following months, it became a regular occurrence that his teammates visited our home on most weekends to swim and party as I would cook them burgers or hot dogs. Some of them brought their girlfriends, but Rodney never did. Still Rodney always showed up and always wore his speedos. I really enjoyed watching him discreetly, as I think Cindy did too, and we developed a sort of a casual but awkward for me friendship.

Through our chats, I had learned that his father was an oncologist. I realized when he told me this, that I had actually met his father a few times, not realizing his son was Rodney and was impressed by him. Rodney himself, he was brilliant. He was articulate, highly educated and was working toward a medical degree like his father. He was extremely polite and so casual when we chatted, that he put me at ease to some degree. Even though I knew nothing would ever happen, I fantasized about him and often imagined what his cock really looked like. Again, especially when Cindy and I had sex, on nights were I struggled, as it always pushed me over the edge to climax when I thought about his cock.

Realistically, I was now 39, still in great shape from all my swimming. I had kept my college physique, now at 160 pounds, but still lean, a little softer than at 18, but no noticeable body fat. I was tanned and considered handsome by most, probably not by Rodney, but to actually do anything with him, I knew this was just a fantasy of mine. It would and could never actually happen. It was just a secret fantasy that I would never act on.

Cindy's parents had moved about 2 hours from our home town. Her father was offered a very lucrative salary as City Manager of a small neighboring city that he couldn't pass up. As she saw them less than she wanted, she had planned a day trip this weekend to go and visit them, while Charles reluctantly agreed to accompany her. They left that morning telling me that they wouldn't be home til late evening.

I had the day off to myself and just lounged around the house after they left. Around noon, I heard a splash in the pool outside and peered out the window. I was shocked when I glanced out and saw Rodney all alone, doing laps in our pool. I closed the blinds so he couldn't see me, and then opened one enough to peek through and secretly spy on him. It was okay that he was using the pool as I had offered it to him and the other teammates anytime they wanted. I just thought that he would have asked first, or called to okay it, instead of showing up unannounced.

Rodney glided through the water effortlessly, changing from free style, to backstroke as he did lap after lap. This kid was really good and it was a pleasure to watch him work out. I wanted to go outside, but was scared for some reason. Maybe I was afraid that what I really wanted to happen, might actually happen. He did laps for a good 20 minutes and then pulled himself out of the pool. As I hid behind the blinds watching him, he turned to face the house and I swear, the bulge in his speedos seemed to look bigger than ever. I'm sure it was my imagination. Rodney toweled off and sat in a lounge chair with his back to me enjoying the warm sun.

I finally got up the nerve to go say hello and decided to put on my baggies with no shirt as it would look like I came out to swim unaware of his presence. I grabbed my cell phone and tried to look casual and surprised. When I opened the sliding glass door, Rodney heard me and with his back still to me, sitting on a recliner lounge chair, he turned his head and smiled at me. As I got closer to him, I was shocked to see he had removed his speedos and was sitting there completely nude in my back yard.

When I finally walked close enough to get a frontal view, I saw his cock for the first time. It was absolutely huge, not erect and standing up, but just dangling off the edge of the recliner and hanging down maybe 6-7 semi soft inches. It was ungodly thick, circumcised and just hanging there for the world to see in my fenced in back yard. The head was absolutely beautiful, just so plump and smooth like a plum on the end of his cock. 

Rodney just smiled up at me and said, "Good morning Mr. Woods, nice day for a swim huh?"

"Charles told me he was going out of town with his mother today and wouldn't be home til dark. Hope you don't mind that I took you up on your offer to use your pool. Is that okay?" he casually replied, never once diverting his direct stare into my eyes or attempting to cover himself. 

"Rodney, no, uuuuhm,...it's okay, I'm glad you came by for a swim." I replied, almost too nervous to group enough words together to respond intelligently. Stealing quick glances at his cock, which I could not stop myself from doing, it seemed to be growing as we made small talk.

"Mr. Woods, I'm kind of thirsty, I just did a good workout, could I please have a coke or something to drink?" he quickly responded, again, totally unapologetic about his nudity.

"Sure Rodney, I'll go inside and get you one, maybe we should move up on the patio. It's closed in and I don't want my neighbors to see anything that might offend them." I tried to laugh off my somewhat inappropriate utterance, but as I finished saying it, I felt stupid when I heard the words come out.

When I returned with a can of soda, Rodney was sitting on the porch in a padded wooden lawn chair. The patio area was closed off on 3 sides, with only a view of the pool and the lake behind it. Nobody could see us. 

I was only gone for 60 seconds at most, but when I returned, Rodney's cock was now fully erect. It was majestic, maybe 9 inches, maybe bigger, unreal thick and it seemed to me like it was the most perfect specimen of a cock in the world. I could not help myself from staring boldly at it. He just sat there like this was a completely normal situation. My son's friend, naked, having an erection, hanging out with me, a much older man, on my patio. Hardly a normal situation.

His cock exceeded anything I had fantasized about it, so hard and strong. A beautiful, brown caramel color with these unbelievably masculine thick veins starting from the root and disappearing under the head of his cock. I had never seen a cock with so many thick, pronounced, large veins running in all directions. I don't know if he was blatantly offering it to me, or if this was his idea of the first timid move, or if he was just waiting to see what I would do.

I couldn't help myself as my hand trembled while I handed him the soda. I was so nervous, so scared and still so excited as this unfolded. My cock was rapidly hardening in my pants. I knew what I wanted to do, but was too scared to make the first move. I think Rodney knew this and he took the initiative.

"Mr. Woods, I know how you like to look at the bulge in my speedos. I have seen you sneak peeks often enough. I was hoping you might like to get a closer look of what I'm packing. Would you? Also, it could really use some attention, if you want to try it on for size." he said in a casual tone that almost taunted or dared me.

I couldn't move, my feet were frozen, time was frozen, my body just wouldn't move Still, his use of the word "attention" just hung in the air, and without a second thought, I dropped to my knees in front of this handsome, sexy 19 or 20 year old kid with his big cock pointing straight up. 

I just knelt there, almost afraid to put my mouth on it, almost afraid he would stop me and scream, "What the hell are you doing." Time seemed frozen again until he reached out and gently touched my chin and lifted my face up, forcing me to look into his eyes.

"Go ahead Mr. Woods, we both know you want to. Satisfy your urge, let your inhibitions go, come suck on my big cock, you know you want to. If I'm wrong, tell me and I will leave now. It will be our secret one way or the other." he said with a tint of a cocky smile.

That was all I needed. I lowered my head and shut my eyes. For some reason I didn't want to look at him or to see him looking at me while I did this. I was embarrassed. My lips gently closed over the tip of his cock and the first thing I noticed was how thick it was. Thicker than I remember Danny's cock, definitely longer too. 
