 I spend the rest of the day in the sun with the rest of my workers. Many of them question why I am there, and where Matthew has gone, so I just said that I had a more important project for Matthew and that I would fill in for him. They bought it up until Matthew had finished his nap and decided to saunter over, still shirtless, hair disheveled looking like he just woke up. He walked past us and went to the security booth where the girls were hanging out. Then he turned towards me.

"Hey, what are you staring at? You better get back at it, lots to do." Everyone heard it, and watched in disbelief as I went about doing the work while Matthew disappeared into the security booth with the girls. I saw him whisper something to them and the both laughed hysterically as they closed the door. 

Around 2:00 they emerged and he went right to his car and left without a word said. The rest of my crew finished their day at 6, but I was there until 7 finishing the paperwork I had to finish. 

At work the next day it was business as usual. I arrive early and my crew shows up on time. I didn't know what to expect in regards to Matthew, but I guess at this point he was free to do whatever he wanted. He didn't show and we went about our day. 5:30 rolls around and I am finishing up the paperwork for the day. In strolls Matthew, dressed in shorts and a tank top. 

"We just need to settle some business." he says as he makes his way over to the desk. 

Sitting on the desk now beside my computer, towering over me, I felt my heart slipping into my throat. I started to stand up so that he could have the chair, but he stopped me. 

"It's okay." he said. "I won't be long. I just want to make sure that you pay me what you make everyday from now until this contract is over. So start filling out a timesheet for me, regardless as to whether or not I come in and work. After the contract is over, you will continue to pay me the same salary that you make." I can now feel the tears welling up in my eyes, but I manage to fight them off for the most part.

"Now I guarantee you that I will not be coming into work. It's not how I roll. What I do is wrap little gay bosses like you around my finger and extort them for whatever they can give. I always get everything that I want and there is no point in fighting it. I should let you know that I currently have about a dozen other little bitches like you lined up, doing the exact same thing that you are doing. It's okay to admit how much you like it and how badly you want me. It's okay if others know about our arrangement too." The shock was overpowering to me, but he continued.

"Now, as we talked about yesterday, I am also going to need to meet your wife tonight, so we can discuss everything and how it will go down. I will be over at your place at 7 tonight, just text me your address." 

With that he hopped off the desk and strolled away. I followed to the door and watched as he passed all of his coworkers and went to say hi to the girls at the gate. Only one of them was there at that time, But she greeted him with a kiss. The rest of us finished our our day and I was home at 6:30 in a state of panic. What would my wife think? 

As we sat eating dinner, there was a knock. My heart skipped a beat. I had that feeling that you get when you come really close to getting in an accident. I pretended to be surprised and went to the door to answer. I figured I could talk Matthew out of this whole thing if I could just gather myself for a second and speak.

I opened the door to find him dressed to the nines, decked out in some really nice, form fitting clothes. Hair styled and looking like a million bucks. He had the girl from the gate, Ashley, with him. He smiled and entered, almost pushing past me. I turned and closed the door, following behind them. They went right to the table. Matthew approached my wife.

"Hello Miss...my name is Matt. I am sure that your husband hasn't mentioned me to you and I don't blame him. It is a lot to take in." My wife sat speechless, listening and looking him in the eyes. I noticed her body language was similar to Ashley's yesterday when Matthew first talked to her and her friend. 

"To put it straight, your husband is my new bitch." He looked at me as he said it, then back at her as she looked towards me too. I bowed my head in a mixture of shame and submission. "Basically, he will do anything I say, it's as simple as that. He loves my cock so much that he will literally stop everything to abide by my every wish, from here on until I am done with him." He turned to me with a sly grin creeping across his face.

"Isn't that true bitch". 

"Yes it is true" was my reply.

"There is nothing that he can do about it." he went on. "He wants me and my cock more than he could ever want anyone, including you Miss. My apologies for that, but there is very little I can do about it. It is not his fault and he is not the only one. I have several people, both male and female that are in the same situation as you are in now." 

The look on my wife's face was utter shock, but he continued. 

"I will show you exactly what I am talking about". He gestured at me. 

"Hey come over here and get on your knees." 

I complied, head still bowed and not looking anywhere near my wife. I could feel her watching me, but I simply had no control. Now I was on my knees and he was unzipping his pants. Ashley was off laughing hysterically and my wife, I would imagine, was watching in horror as I proceeded to give Matthew the most intense blowjob that I could muster. I focused on all the things that were working the previous day at the office, my only thought was how badly I wanted to taste his cum. 

"Look at your wife while you suck my cock, show some manners", he blurted down at me. I looked at my wife and realized that she was actually turned on. It was subtle but she was blushing and her hand was pressed up against her crotch. I looked at her and continued with everything I had. After a couple of minutes I felt Matt stiffen up and blow a massive load into my mouth. I tried to swallow it, but there was so much that it spilled out the sides of my mouth. 

"You see." Matthew started back at my wife. "Your husband gives some good head. He's a natural. So seeing as he is my bitch, I'm also going to be needing some cash for tonight, just whatever you guys have laying around is fine. Ashley and I are going to a new club and we need it for that." 

He looked at me now. "Go ahead and get me all the money in the house you little bitch" he ordered. "Or credit cards if you don't have cash, that will do I guess" he yelled after me. 

I was already rounding up the emergency cash in the sock drawer and emptying out my wallet for him when I heard laughter from downstsirs, When I came back, I saw him sitting next to my wife, hand on her leg. She was laughing and brushing her hair out of her face, basically looking like she was totally into him too. 

"This can't be happening." I thought. So I watched from the stairs for a few minutes. I saw him move closer and closer to her, and whispering into her ear. Ashley was sitting on the couch watching TV, looking very bored and ignoring what was happening at the table. Then I saw him lean in a kiss her. Not only that, but the way that she started kissing him back made me furious. There was my beautiful mature wife, making out with this teenager at our dinner table, while I was running around grabbing money to give to him. 

I approached the table, my face beat red. While still kissing my wife, he reached his hand out and grabbed the $2000 plus that I was handing him. They kissed for another minute, her hand exploring his crotch constantly. Then he broke off and got up. My wife had a look of lust on her face that have never seen before. 

"Off we go Ash." he said, looking towards the couch. He looked down at my wife, deep into her eyes. 

"I'll be back for you later tonight."

Another little kiss and moments later Matthew and Ashley were out the door. 

"I don't think you should sleep in our bed tonight" was the first thing that my wife said to me about an hour later. 

"I can sleep on the couch" was my reply. I thought it was probably a good idea considering what just went down. "Good night" was the last thing I said, and she closed the bedroom door behind her

To be continued...