 (First Fantasy: My lover has just finished having anal intercourse with me. Now I am ready to penetrate him -- my first time ever with a man!)

My ass hole, still wide open from your huge cock having filled it only moments ago, begins to drip with the cum you have so recently shot into me. I turn myself on the bed, kneeling doggie style, and, parting my legs wide and lifting my exposed ass toward you, ask you to insert your tongue into the hole and give me a good licking. You insert your hungry tongue into the enlarged hole, filled with your oozing cum, and lick the remains of your pearly essence from my depths.

You are driving me into such a delirium this way, that my dick has grown to its limit of expansion, while deep within my balls and my entire groin, my man-fluid boils, stirs, desperately seeking release from the confines of my body. I want to give my seed to you... plant it in your body. The muscular, masculine sleekness of your body has intoxicated me with such longing... the so-recent excitement of you and I copulating in manly abandon has so inflamed my senses, that I want to copulate with you again. I want to put my penis inside of you, fuck you wildly, join our bodies in ecstatic oneness, and fill you to the brim with my semen.

I have never fucked a man. You are my first... and from the moment I first saw you naked, I had no doubt you are the man I want to share this intimacy with. My penis is engorged with the anticipation of entering you; it bobs and pulsate as you touch it, lick it, caress it, and moan to me how much you want it inside of you.

I lay you back upon the bed and straddle your thighs, parting them enough to gain access to your ready ass. Coating my fingers with a mixture of your cum and my saliva, I fondle your nether entrance, teasing it, then penetrating it with my fingers, preparing you to receive my manhood. With my free left hand, I lightly stroke your beautiful, manly chest... tracing a path ever lower to your abdomen... your hips. Still inserting my fingers and enjoying your sighs of desire, I bend down to kiss, nibble and lick your lips, your neck, your shoulders, your arms and chest. I lick the sweat still glistening upon your from our first coupling. The taste of you, your scent, inflames my desire even more than I thought possible, and my dick throbs with one overarching need... to enter you.

My fingers are now deep inside your ass, widening and lubricating you. You part open like a delicate young flower, ready to be pollinated. Our eyes meet, and as we gaze deeply into each other eyes, I remove my fingers, even as your hands grasp my cock to guide it toward your willing, opened gate, wet with passion. In the next instant, I plunge, our eyes still locked... sliding easily, fully into your depths. Your eyes close and you groan with pleasure as I come out only little, then thrust once again. Your back arches to receive me to the fullest. Your legs rise to wrap around my lower back... in every way, your body tries to bring me even deeper within.

We can hear the liquid sucking sounds of our sex with each pumping. I withdraw almost completely out of you, poising my cock head at the opened lips of your hole for only a moment, then thrust powerfully back inside. I feel your body trembling. Mine shivers too, the cum inside me already stirring to action, moving, ready to make the journey from my testicles, down the tube of my cock shaft, out of the glans tip, through your anus and deep into your body.

But before that happens, we fuck, and we fuck more. We fuck so long and furiously, all the while gasping and crying in the sweet anguish of intercourse, that our bodies run slick with perspiration. Our abdomens make a sucking sound each time our bodies grind together and part again. I feel the bulge of your cock, already hardening again beneath me. I imagine it again inside of my ass, and realize I have never known a man like you, never made love with man nor woman with such intensity as you and eye are sharing now. I feel I could give up all heterosexuality and become your sex slut, wanting nothing more than your strong, masculine embraces... wanting only your body... your cock... your sperm, always.

It is as though your are drawing me forth. My entire body is aflame with passion and need to experience release. The resonant burning flame within you seeks relief, also, and only my life-giving fluid will bring you that relief. You grasp my neck and cry for me to cum... to ejaculate inside you... to give you all of me. I continue fucking you, my own cries and moans becoming louder, mixing with yours as we approach our climax together. I can feel your dick completely hard again beneath me, and you tell me that you are going to cum again, as well.

I wait until you moan that your load is rising, and thrusting one final time as deeply as I can go into you, my sperm rockets forth in great spasms... one, then another and another... yet another, and again... Our two male bodies are pressed so tightly that they have in effect become one body, locked tightly by the endless stream of semen coursing between us. Your cock gushes in unison, and I feel the warmth of your cum flooding all over my groin, spilling down into the boiling point of our union.

After an eternity of bliss, we collapse, utterly spent. I have fucked many women. I have never fucked a man... until now... until you. Never has a copulation been so singularly sweet. I am already imagining the next time.

* * *

(Second Fantasy: I am nourished by my lover's magnificent fullness)

You lie back fully naked the bed; I straddle you, unclothed, and, near breathless, take in the sight of your powerful body, aglow in the crimson half light of the candles we have lit. Your manhood strains upward in the intensity of your desire. I can sense the need throbbing deep within its root... the need to be touched, to be taken, to be experienced by another man... by me.

My penis, too, has risen to its height; you can see and feel my balls touching yours. I move in closer so that our cocks touch, and as one, we each reach for the double-headed staff of our combined sex, running our fingers together across their curves... taking in the velvety softness of the double glans... tracing paths down the swollen poles. Our hands meet at the testicles, caressing them, feeling their warmth, kneading softly, stimulating the fluid that fills us both... 

You long for my seed; I long for yours. But that is the prize that we shall both receive at the climax of our act. For now, you want to be inside of me, and I want you there, so badly. I part my legs wider and lift myself upward, onto your urgently needful rod, and poise myself there. With my left hand, I take you and guide the head of your cock 'till it is just touching the now small, tight lip of my nether entrance. Can you feel me trembling? I am not lubricated, but I don't care. I intend to take you at a single, deep thrust! I see you are ready. Laying my hands upon your chest, gazing deeply into your eyes, I quickly, yet gently, lower myself upon your cock – wondrous, magnificent fullness of you! -- wincing a little as it pushes through the tight ring of my sphincter and plunges into my bowels. You feel the tightness of me surrounding you... the warmth of my insides pressing upon your pulsing shaft.

All I can feel in the lower part of my body is you, swelling, filling me. You reach with both hands to take my hips, to steady me.. then begin fucking me in earnest. You fuck me long and hard, until we are both close to ejaculating. When I tell you I am going to shoot my load, you thrust once the full length into me, holding your own sperm a little longer, pulling suddenly out of me. 

My ball sacs can contain their burden no longer, and all at once my penis erupts to overflowing with one strong spurt after another of my warm, velvety semen. You have positioned your own cock right into the path of my flying fluid, which begins to coat your shaft and run down it, onto your lower abdomen, onto your balls, and all around the base of your cock. I have cum so hard and so long that your entire genital area -- not to mention the full length of your penis -- is covered in the slick sexual substance of me.

It takes me a moment to recover from the intensity of so much sperm leaving my body so powerfully, as well as from the headiness of your giant cock having thrust so intensely and repeatedly into my asshole... but I do not want to miss this opportunity. Taking your semen-slippery cock pole in my right hand, I begin to milk you briskly, aware that you are only seconds away from your own eruption. In a quick motion, we exchange positions, me lying now face up o the bed, you poised atop my face. You want urgently to empty your man-sex on my lips... I know... and I want to give you the complete pleasure of fulfilling that desire. You groan exquisite transporting sensation of my pumping hand, lubricated with all my sperm, which you can smell... that delicious, senses-intoxicating scent of pure male seed. And now you know it is time to plant your seed into my waiting, eager, hungry, wide opened mouth....

A loud cry of release rises from you as your semen rises from your balls, rushing from your depths onto my lips, and all over my face. I feel the burn of it spilling into my eyes, but the sheer warm pleasure of it washing over my face, my nose, my cheeks.... and especially into my mouth. I am tasting already, swallowing, starving for you... gulping your fluid down my throat and opening for more... which keeps flowing from your dick.

I drink all of you, feeding upon your body, content as I have never before known to be so filled. You have fucked me... you have cum in my mouth... I am a deliriously happy man.