 It is 2 am and I am laying on my couch now, trying to sleep. My wife has been asleep in the room since before 9 and probably enjoying the king size bed all to herself. I am thinking s lot about Matthew, and the more jealous I seem to get of him, the harder my cock gets. I am finally dozing now when I hear a knock at the door, and some laughter.

"Oh no." I think, half expecting him not to come back. I get up and look out the peephole. There is Matthew and Ashley with another guy and girl I have never seen before. I open it up and Matthew pushes past me once again.

"Hey Bitch." he smirks. The rest of the group, obviously hammered are in hysterics. 

"On your knees now!" he says, calmly and staring into my eyes. I find my legs weakening and I drop to my knees. I open my mouth and close my eyes, and hear the roar of laughter coming from everybody else. 

"Haha, this is your boss?" asks the other guy. 

"He's already got his mouth open, wow Matt you have him trained." says Ashley. Ashley's friend is laughing. 

"Open your eyes!" he barks down at me. "You're going to have to take my pants off if you want to suck my cock. But you can't have any of my cum, bitch, I am going to give that to your wife. You can prep me, get me nice and hard. Afterwards I might let you clean us up, maybe." 

I pull down his pants and go at it again. This is now becoming quite enjoyable. The taste of his cock is very pleasant, and I love the feeling of it hardening and pulsating in my mouth. 

"Little bitch actually likes it, look at him go." observes Ashley. I can feel it about to start pulsating, as I am getting good now at reading the signs. He pulls my head away.

"Ok, time to go visit your wife." he says. "Entertain my friends for me." I look at them and they are laughing in hysterics. Matthew heads up the stairs, and rest of them head toward my liquor cabinet. 

Ten minutes later all we can hear upstairs is the sounds of pleasure. My wife is screaming in a way I have never heard before. Ashley and the other 2 are drinking my scotch and laughing, occasionally making comments about how Matt is slamming the shit out of my wife and how it sounds like she had never been fucked before. The sounds upstairs are now getting even louder as I can hear my bed sliding around on the floor above us. I hear my wife orgasm, then it goes quiet, then the noise starts picking up again. Then another orgasm. This is continuously repeating now. Every time I think it's over, it builds again. The others are starting to really rip into me now.

"Take your clothes off bitch!" Ashley snaps at me. "Now!" 

I pull all my clothes off and am standing there with a raging hardon now, as the three teens point and laugh. 

"Aww, look at the little hardon." mocks Ashley's friend. "I think he actually likes it when Matt fucks his wife. Maybe you should start jacking off that little dick, it might make you feel better." she demands. I start masturbating to their delight and I find all the insults are only making me harder. The sounds coming from upstairs are overwhelming me and it literally takes me only 10 seconds before I blow. 

"Wow...that was a pathetic amount of cum." she states. "No wonder your wife prefers Matt".

Another orgasm goes past and finally the sounds upstairs die out. 

"Get up here little bitch!" I hear coming from upstairs. I find the excitement rising with each stair I climb. My hard on is back in full force again and when I get to the top I knock. 

"Come in." I hear. I enter and there is my wife, lying in bed moaning and panting as Matt is sitting on the edge of the bed drinking water. I see my wife start to go into contortions and go into another orgasm as she is lying there and that lasts a good 30 seconds. 

"Get this pussy juice off my cock." he says at me. I run over and start licking and sucking his massive cock. My wife is slowly recovering as I slurp up the remainder of the cum from Matthew's cock. He pushes me off and gets dressed. 

"Okay, off I go." he says and moments later he is gone. 

My moaning wife tells me to close the door on the way out, breathing heavily. I take my leave and head down to the couch. On the couch I find a red gstring and a note. "Start wearing these bitch. You can go and pick up some more really skimpy pairs like this tomorrow, because you are going to be wearing panties from now on." I close my eyes in a mixture of shame and excitement. 

To be continued...