 This story is written in response to someoneyouknow's superb story, 'A Taste Of Cock'. If you haven't read it I urge you to do so first; it really is rather good -- and I'm not the only person who thinks so. But, as I read it, I not only empathised with the main character, I also couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to be the 'other' guy. That got me thinking and so this version of the story was born.

To make the stories gel I have, from time to time, lifted sections of dialogue directly from 'A Taste Of Cock'. Similarly, although I have added and enlarged, the basics of the story are the same. As this borders on plagiarism I contacted someoneyouknow and asked his permission first. He was gracious enough to give this story his blessing, and, for that I am sincerely grateful. 

On with the tale... 

So, yeah, I'm in the entertainment business. Well, that's what I tell my mum. The web site says I'm an 'escort' or 'chaperone' depending on which button you click but it comes down to pretty much the same thing. In my job I need to be easy on the eye, easy on the ear, acceptable in all company and, above all else, a good listener.

Because it's not what you think, it's really not. While, yes, there are the birds who want a no strings quickie and the occasional lesbian who needs a dinner companion so she can stay in the closet, the vast majority are bored and restless housewives who just want, for once, to be the centre of attention. They spend their lives being their husbands arm candy and, once in a while, they want their turn. And that's where I come in. A little wining, a little dining, an appreciative ear who tells them that, despite all the evidence to the contrary, they're still young and desirable and then it's off to bed for the big 'O'. And I never leave my clients wanting. I live and die by the old adage, the customer always comes first; several times if she can manage it.

But then, once in a while, there's the oddity. Oh, I've done my share of kinky stuff, although it's not as common as people think, but, from time to time, there's one that stands out. I mean, take the assignment I had other day, weird or what?

It all starts when Julie, OK, no, not her real name but no one uses their real name in my business, anyway, this Julie, she books me for a straight wine and dine. No sex, well, not unless she changes her mind later. I'm to pick her up at Euston Station, take her to this little restaurant I know, and, for the evening, she's Cinderella and I'm Prince Charming.

When I get there she's a bit of a looker. OK, not top model or anything and it's been a while since her eighteenth birthday but, compared with some of the clients I get, she's a dream. For starters she smart, dead smart. She's obviously been to the hairdressers that morning and she's taken a bit of thought over how she's dressed; dead sexy without being in the least bit slutty. What's more, she's no stranger to the gym and she's as fit as a fiddle. Part of me is hoping that she does change her mind about the sex part because, as soon as I see her, I'm definitely up for going back to her hotel for a little how's your father afterwards.

We sit and we chat and it's all going well. However, there's something on her mind. I can tell there's something she wants to ask me but she can't quite find the words. Time to turn on the old charm, find out what she wants and then give it to her. The restaurant isn't quite the place but it has a great balcony overlooking the Thames. It's a nice night and it's quiet and I just know she'll open up easier if we're out of doors. I suggest we take our brandies out there and she agrees. There we are standing side by side at the balcony rail looking out over the river and it's just perfect. I make sure my hand is available. We haven't touched yet, not beyond the obligatory peck on the cheek when we met, and, if she puts her hand near mine, then that's a sure sign that we're moving on to the next stage.

"Dan," she starts. OK, so I know, I'm no more called Dan than she's called Julie but, as I said, you don't use real names in my game. "Dan, you must have had some strange requests in your time. Have you?"

I glance across. She's staring out over the river and she doesn't want to catch my eye. Here we go, I think to myself. I wonder what this one wants?

"I've had my share," I reply. "I think you'll find me pretty broad minded and totally unshockable. Why don't you tell me what you want and we'll take it from there?"

"It's not for me, it's for my husband," she says, her voice gaining in confidence now that the Rubicon has been crossed. "I want to give him a rather special birthday present and I need someone like you, some one with your... qualifications to make it happen."

"Sounds like fun," I reply. I always say that, well, unless it's children or animals. If you tell the punter that you think their idea is fun then they can relax and that's when you get the nitty-gritty, that's when you get what they really want. "Tell me more," I prompt.

And she tells me. Well, I've known worse, I've done worse, and it's looking like easy money for not too much work. We agree a price. She baulked at first, but then they always do. However, I stood firm and, in the end, she came around and, with that out of the way, we agreed a time and place. We swap mobile numbers, I give her the one I keep one just for client work, and organise an outline plan. 

So it is that, a few days later, I'm knocking on a front door of a house in suburbia. It's nothing special either way, you know the sort, hey, you probably live in one. I've know better areas and I've know a heck of a lot worse. Hey, I came from a heck of a lot worse. The door opens and there she is. Wow! If she looked good when we met in the restaurant then it had nothing on how she's looking now. She's wearing this slinky little outfit in dark red and it's only just long enough to be decent. As we walk back into the house I'm checking out the view and I'm pretty sure that's all she's wearing. I'm not seeing any panties, that's for certain. Although it's not part of what she's paid for I'll have no complaints if I end up getting a little action with that sweet arse.

Once more we run through the plan. Her husband is due home from work in ten minutes and I'm to go into the spare room to get ready and wait for him. She closes the door and I get my kit off and put on my robe before settling down on the bed. Fortunately I brought the paper to read so as to pass the time because hubby was a little later than planned and, once he arrived, she had to do her bit first. Suddenly her head appears around the door.

"OK, he's ready," she whispers. "You know what to do."

"OK," I whisper back as I stand up and take of my dressing gown. "Will this do?"

She looks down and gives the old meat and veg a long hard look.

"Perfect," she replies. "Now, you know where to stand."

"I'm on it," and, with that, I make my way to their lounge as planned.

A few moments later and it's showtime. Julie comes back into the lounge but this time she's leading her husband who is stark naked, blindfolded, and with his hands handcuffed behind his back. He's also sporting quite a hard on. Julie has obviously had some fun getting him ready. She gives me a wink as she guides him to the centre of the room and has him kneel down. He's apprehensive but as horny as fuck. She bends down and gives him a kiss and, at the same time, she's giving me a nice view of that perfect arse of hers. her husband isn't the only one getting stiff, which, given what's coming next, is a good thing.

"I love you, you know that, don't you?" she says to her husband.

"Yes, and I love you too," he replies.

"Do you trust me, really trust me," she needs the reassurance.

"Of course I do."

"There's someone else here," she drops the bombshell and, of course, he's shaken, really shaken but, noticeably, his hard on is as firm as ever.

"Who... who is it," he asks.

"It doesn't matter," she tells him. "I just want you to know that I love you and I would never do anything to hurt you. You have to trust me. Please say you'll trust me."

He's a bit quiet at this point. Quite frankly it could go either way.

"I couldn't forget what we were talking about the other night," Julie says a little urgently, filling the silence. She too is aware that it could all go wrong. "And the more I thought about it the more I knew I just had to see it. The more I knew I had to go through with it. Please, honey, will you trust me?"

He's just knelt there but even with his eyes blindfolded you could sense the wheels churning within him.

"I want to see you suck another man's cock," she whispers.

There was a bit of a pause.

"I... I don't think I can," her husband whispers back.

"Please, for me." Once again she bends down and kisses his face. "I want to see what you look like as you suck on a cock, as your lips wrap around a hard shaft, as you take it down your throat. I'm horny just thinking about it. Please, for me."

Another pause.

"Yes," he replies at last.

"Thank you," Julie replies as she gave him another hug. She beckons to me to come closer so I went and stood right next to them. "At first I'll guide it in and tell you what to do," she continues. "But I want to see you on your own, sucking on him, your head moving back and forth, his cock filling your mouth. Will you do that for me?"

Her husband didn't answer directly but just opened his mouth. She reaches out, grips my cock and guides it in.

Whatever qualms he might have had seemed to evaporate as soon as I was inside his mouth and, although I wasn't completely hard at first, what he lacks in skill he's making up for in enthusiasm. 

"That's it! Suck it! God that looks so good!" Julie urges and, taking my cue from her I up the tempo a bit. However, I slightly overdo it and his head jerks back so Julie tells me to go a bit easier on him.

And then she starts giving him lessons. I mean, how bizarre is that. I'm stood, buck naked in these peoples lounge while she's crouched down beside him giving a master class on how to give a blow job. Hey, I didn't mind. It wasn't the first time my job had been to stay hard until the customer had had their fill. First she's telling him how to suck, then to lick it like a lolly and then to swirl his tongue around the tip. That produced a groan of pleasure from me and Julie looked up and gave me a smile.

Meanwhile her husband is really getting off on it. He's given up on the lessons and is simply sucking my prick as if trying to see how much he can take. Julie is loving this. "Suck on it," she growls. "Yeah, like that. Take him down your throat." She's right down beside him, watching intently. She has her arm around his shoulders and her free hand is tucked up under the hem of that dress of hers.

Now that he's got into it, her husband seems to want to experiment. He stops sucking and goes back to licking me like a lollypop but, that's not quite it. Each time he goes downwards he goes lower until he's licking my balls. I lean forward, pushing them towards him and give him an encouraging groan to spur him on. He's all over them, licking and sucking and loving every minute of it.

And then, without any warning, she steps in and pulls him back. She motions me back a step.

"Come here baby," she says as she pulls him to his feet and, with me following on behind, she takes him to the bedroom where gets him to first sit and then lie down on the bed. It takes a moment or two to get him comfy, what with his arms behind his back and all, but she gets him organised at last so that he's lying on his side with his head hanging over the edge. She gives me a little nod and, bang, I'm fucking his face again. 

"Now we're going to see how good a cocksucker you are," she says as she climbs on the bed with him. She's urging him to deepthroat me and, as an incentive, she's going down on him. He's obviously not doing well enough for her because she breaks off and lifts her head.

"Relax," she tells him, "you have to open your throat and relax. Like this."

Now she's taking practically everything he's got and, in turn, he's finding the right angle and I'm right at the back of his throat.

"That's it, that's it, you're doing it," Julie breaks off from deep throating him and scoots up the bed so she can really watch. She's now lying along him, her face inches away from where my prick is fucking his mouth and she has her hand wrapped around his prick and is tugging away like crazy. All the time she's telling him to go deeper and it's as plain as day that she's getting off on it as much as we are.

And then, suddenly, she pushes me away. 'What the fuck, now?' I'm wondering but, of course, I didn't say anything.

"One more thing, and you get to decide how you want it," she says calmly. "Do you want to taste him here on the bed or have him hold you down as he fucks your face?" 

I'm not sure the poor guy knew or cared that much but he managed to croak 'here'.

She then guides me up onto the bed and arranges him so his head is lying on my hip. That's all he needed and, without any urging from either of us, he's deepthroating me again and she's back down the bed watching.

"Oh baby, he's gonna cum soon," she says excitedly. "This is for you, this is for you."

Her mouth clamps onto his prick as I continue to pound into his face. Now, it's bad business to come before the customer and I'm having to hold back but I didn't have long to wait before he's shooting his load and she's swallowing every drop and, that was kinky enough to set me off and, he's still coming as I'm pumping my load into his mouth. I wasn't sure that he would swallow but he's in seventh heaven and determined to take every drop he can get. In the end I'd had enough and had to withdraw.

"Oh my god, baby!" She squeals. "That was beautiful! I want you more than ever. Please tell me you loved doing that. Please tell me. I want to hear you say you love to suck cock." 

"Yes, I love to suck cock!" he shouts. She's scooted back up the bed and it's all cuddles.

And I know when I'm no longer needed so, I get off the bed, pick up the envelope from the dresser, go back to the spare room, throw my clothes on and leave. As I sneak out I can hear them at it, hammer and tongs but my part was over. Part of the deal was that he should never see me, never hear me. I was never there, I was just the cock he sucked, no more, no less.

Except, there's always the chance of repeat business.