 The day I first met him was like any other day. Riding the Metro to work I was suddenly jostled out of my reverie by some one bumping into me from the back. Turning I found myself looking up at a ruggedly handsome man. His steely grey/blues seemed to pierce into my very being. I wanted to look away but was unable to do so. After a few seconds that seemed to pass like minutes I muttered a "sorry sir" and cast my eyes downward.

Wondering what the hell was going on inside me I turned my back to him. I could almost feel his gaze on me and had to take hold of the pole to steady myself.

I felt his hot breath on my neck before smelling his aftershave lotion. "Why are you sorry son?"

He had a point. It was he that bumped into me. I turned to face him and said the only answer I had, "I don't know why I said that. You were the one that bumped into me."

"Good boy" he said smiling. 

He had perfect white teeth. His smile was warm and genuine. Again I found myself unable to meet his eyes and looked down. His shoes were Italian leather and well maintained. His trousers were creased sharply. This man was a formidable sight.

He chuckled when I thanked him for calling me a good boy. Why I said that I don't know. This encounter was clearly having a strange effect on me. I continued to look downward as he invited me to join him for a drink after work today to get better acquainted. 

"My wife is expecting me home by 6 sir", I lamely declined the offer.

"Just the same son, I'll be at the bar in the Capital Hilton Hotel and hope to see you there.

"Probably not," I said preparing to exit at my stop. It took a lot but I managed to look him in the eyes as I said that. He had a look of confidence and winked at me. "Think it over son. I can see you are curious about me." As I passed him I felt him gently grab my ass and kept his hand on me until my walking away exceeded his arm's length.

"What a character", I thought as I poured myself a cup of coffee later in my office. I spent the day completely distracted, my thoughts returning to this morning's encounter. For some reason my dick grew hard when I thought back to the easy way he grabbed my ass and I swear I could still smell his aftershave lotion and feel his breath on my neck. All of this bothered me.

I am a 43 year old married man. I'm not a big man, nor am I fat. Years of sitting at a desk may have caused my rear end to bubble up but my abs were tight and my wife Cindy always found me sexy. I'm 5'7" tall. I weigh about 140 and am proud that except for my butt I keep myself slim. My hair is long my in true geek style I keep it in a pony tail. Cindy likes it that way and her opinion matters to me.

Ah yes. Cindy my bride. What a catch. We met in college and hit it off immediately. She is 5'7" like me and I think she enjoys it when she wears her heels because they make her taller than me. Cin has always been more forward, the more dominant one of us and is a take charge woman. She has green eyes that can both melt you or let you know you fucked up and pissed her off. Her figure, a sexy 36 - 24 - 36 is to die for. 

Our sex life is probably pretty daring to some. We've entertained single women and single men in our bed in the past. Cin used to tease me say that I paid more attention to the men than the women we slept with. I know she's teasing because I never once touched our male partners. Sure I'd check out their cock sizes. Can't help looking when we're all naked. While Cin seemed to enjoy our fucking, she really off when a cock larger than mine was in her pussy. It excited me to watch her cum over and over on a big cock and she enjoyed seeing me fuck our women partners while they had their faces planted in my wife's pussy.

It is give and take in the bedroom and I have never felt inadequate in my ability to get Cin off with my mouth. If I finish in her pussy before she cums I have no hesitation about eating her to an orgasm afterwards. And yes, I don't mind the taste of my sperm although Cin teases me about getting some from the source of one of our close male "friends",

Still, throughout the day my mind kept going back to the handsome guy on the Metro and my reaction to him. Why hadn't I said something when he grabbed my ass. Even if he was gentle I didn't want him to think I am that way. I resolved to correct his thinking and decided to meet him after work after all.

Entering the darkened bar, I subconsciously adjusted my dick which for some reason was semi erect. Spotting him seated with a couple of other guys I went to their table and sort of stood there waiting for him to acknowledge my presence.

"Ahem" I coughed quietly trying to get his attention. He looked at me, nodded at went back to the conversation they were having. I stood there and listened to him tell the others that he had told them I'd be there. They shared a laugh and the guy I was there to see excused himself and stood up. 

"I knew you wouldn't disappoint me boy" he said with that killer smile. "Let's get a table of our own where we can talk and get to know each other."

I turned but before I could take a step he took me by my left elbow and kind of led me to a corner table. It felt kind of natural for him to take the lead. Cindy had done that many times. He pulled a chair out for me and with out thinking I thanked him and sat down.

"My pleasure son", he said. Then he took a gentle hold of my face and pulled me toward his crotch for a quick, reassuring hug. His cock felt large and warm even through his fine wool trousers and I pulled away after I realized what was happening.

"Don't do that please", I managed to squeak, my face turning red. "This is why I'm here to square away your misconceptions about me."

He sat opposite me at our small two-top as I continued. I tried looking him in the eyes but found myself unable to maintain my composure. Looking down at the table I explained to him that I wasn't gay and that I was happily married.

"Did I say you were gay? Did I call you a faggot or something as insulting son?" 

There was that son thing again. "I'm 43 years old and not your son sir. My name is John and I'm probably older that you are."

"Then you understand respect johnnie. It's impolite not to look at the person you're talking to."

That said he reached over and took my chin in his hand raising my face to meet his eyes. For some reason I didn't pull back. He was right and I apologized for my rudeness. "I'm sorry sir", I said meekly. "You're right. I should watch my manners."

"That's a good boy", he said smiling. He still had my chin in his hand and began to use his thumb to caress my cheek. "You have soft skin and no 5 o'clock shadow johnnie. I like that in my bois".

"Thank you sir", I breathed. God damnit I thought to myself. I just thanked him for telling me I was soft. I almost blurted out my concerns but he smiled at me and I lost my train of thought.

"If you want to really apologize son, go to the bar and get us a round."

"You're right. What can I get you?"

He stood as I pushed back and told me to bring him an expensive Scotch on the rocks. Patting me on my ass with a soft chuckle he sent me on my way.

As I waited for our drinks I considered what had transpired between us. He hadn't told me his name yet and here I was buying him drinks after he treated me like I was a lady. 

Returning to our table he rose and took the drink I offered. Setting his on the table he again pulled my chair out for me, allowing me to sit before he followed suit. 

He sipped his drink and thanked me for getting it for him. "I could get used to you serving me. I think you'd like that too." Then he smiled that handsome smile at me. 

Flustered, I asked him his name. "Sir, what is your name?" I asked tentatively.

"Names are unimportant johnnie. You may call me Pater." 

"Pater?" I asked. "Isn't that French for father?"

"It is and I'm glad you knew that. It would be most embarrassing to you if you had to call me Daddy in public wouldn't it?"

I was stunned to say the least. Again he brought his hand to my chin and held my face up so I was looking at him. He began to caress my face with his thumb again. "You do want me to be your Daddy don't you johnnie? You need me to guide you boi. I want to lead you to your destiny."

As he talked his thumb gently rubbed the outline of my lips. I opened my mouth to protest but he shushed me and pushed his thumb past my lips. 

I tried to move my face back but Pater held me in place. "Suck it son. Suck it like it's my cock. God damn boi you have soft lips. Fat and soft. They're made for sucking cocks. I bet you've sucked lots of cocks haven't you johnnie. I bet you've had more balls on your chin that a trained circus seal."

I pulled his hand away and told him I'd never sucked a cock and never had balls on my chin. "Pater, I'm afraid you've made a mistake. I'm not like that. I told you I'm married. I'm not gay or anything."

"No one said that you're gay johnnie. Yes you're married. You've already said that. In fact, the many times you've said makes me think that you're trying to convince yourself you don't really want to be on your knees slurping and sucking my cock."

"You have a need to serve and please real men johnnie. You haven't accepted that side of you. For the same reason you find it difficult make eye contact with me. It's not because you're a faggot but because deep inside you know you aren't a real man. You are gentle, soft, and I have noticed that you like it when I treat you like a woman. You have feminine tendencies johnnie."

"Yes, you're married. But I'm a betting man johnnie and I'd bet you've watched a real man, a man with a big cock fuck your wife more than once. I am sure you've masturbated to the thought of those big cocks rather than your wife."

I almost ran out there. How did he know? Who was this man?

Pater continued, "face it johnnie you're a sissy. Sissies aren't homos johnnie. Sissies are guys like you with tiny dicks and an admiration of big cocks. You have a desire to serve those men with big cocks. Your admiration makes you want to get down on your knees and show real men that although you aren't a man you know how to please them."

I hadn't realized that after my out burst Pater had put his hand back on my face and I was sucking and licking his thumb as I listened.

"I've been watching you boi. I've seen your fat ass on the subway a lot of times. The way your walk. Your hair. Those fat soft lips. I've waited long enough to have them wrapped around my cock. It's time johnnie. It's time for your Daddy to show you who you really are.

My dick was pulsing. No man had ever talked to me this way. It was humiliating and arousing at the same time. Pater saw me adjust my erection and smiled. "Come with me to my room johnnie. If once you see my cock and refuse to suck it I'll believe you."

For some reason I felt it necessary to prove to Pater, this handsome man, I was not a cock sucker. I stood as he pulled my chair out for me.

He led me by my elbow to the table of men he had been with when I first got there. "See you guys later. Me and my boi have a little test to take." They snickered as we passed them and Pater moved his hand from my elbow to my ass. Pulling me close he walked me through the lobby and to the elevators.

"I have a room on the 8th floor johnnie. We're going to see whether you're telling me the truth or if I'm right and you really are a cock sucker."

His suite was well appointed and a couch, a couple of side chairs, a separate bedroom, and a full bar. "Make us a drink boi. I'll only be a minute."

I kind of laughed to myself as I made him a Scotch and rocks. I poured myself a stiff one and drank it down quickly. As I was pouring myself a second drink Pater returned. Only now he was wearing a very expensive bath robe and mule slippers.

Pater sat on the couch and told me to bring him his drink. After handing him his Scotch and rocks I moved to one of the side chairs and sat. 

"Thank you johnnie. You're a very polite and pleasing boi. See how easy it is for you to serve me? It's your nature to want to please a real man."

"I am polite Pater but I am not a sissy cock sucker."

Pater smiled, "we will see won't we?" Then he stood up and dimmed the lights. He loosened his robe as he walked over and stood in front of me.

His cock was still hidden beneath his robe. I was face to face with his crotch as he stood there hands on his hips. "You want to see it don't you son? You want me to open my robe and show you my big cock."

"I guess the only way I can show you I'm telling you the truth Pater is for you to show it to me." My heart was pounding and my breath was short. He stood there as I stared at the folds of his robe waiting for him to show me his cock. Inside I knew he was right. I did want to see it. I was intrigued and for some reason his words excited me.

"Not so fast johnnie. I'm naked under this robe. You should be naked too."

Pater went back to the couch , sat and looked expectantly at me.

"Come on son. Don't be shy. I've seen plenty of naked bois. Haven't you been naked in front of another man before?"

Not wanting to have him think I was afraid or anything I explained how Cin and I have had more than one man in our bed before and how I was not afraid to be nude in front of them.

"Then strip boi. Strip or leave." His voice took on a stern manner and like every thing else this crazy day I felt it important to show him I was not scared.

He watched intently as I removed my shirt and shoes. I hesitated to remove my pants because my dick was hard again. What was about Pater that caused me to get a erection? 

"You got a hardon don't you son? Your little dick got hard thinking about sucking my cock huh?"

Taking a deep breath I pulled my slacks down and off. Pater wasn't watching as I took my boxers off. I stood there waiting for him to realize I was completely undressed.

Finally Pater looked at me. He smiled when he saw my erection. "Turn around johnnie. I want to see that fat ass of yours."

Blushing, I turned around for him. He must have admired my butt for a while because it seemed like minutes passed before he told me to come stand in front of him.

"No hair on your chest. Hardy any on your arms and legs. I like that johnnie. Did you shave for me today?"

"No sir", I said softly. "I never had too much body hair."

"I like that you know to address me as sir. It comes natural to you doesn't it johnnie?"

I nodded and was quickly admonished. "Use words boi. When I ask you a question you need to answer me with words."

"Yes sir. It sort of comes natural to me to be polite Pater."

"That's better son. Now come kneel down between my knees so you can show me you're no sissy."

I knelt between his spread knees and waited for him to open his robe. He was deliberately making me wait to see his cock.

"You want to see my cock johnnie? You want to see a real man's cock son?"

"Yes sir."

"Then ask me nicely and politely."

"Pater sir, may I see your cock so I can show you I'm no sissy please?"

"You may johnnie. Open my robe and claim your future son."

There was no malice in his words. He was not being unkind. Pater was sure of himself and stated what he felt was the obvious. I was determined to prove him wrong.

I opened his robe and was surprised by the size of his cock. Still soft, Pater's cock had to be 6" long and thick. His cock hung down and was touching his robe where it met the couch. His pubic hair was trimmed neatly and his large balls were devoid of any hair.

I watched as Pater hefted his cock toward me. "Nice isn't it?"

"Yes sir", I breathed.

"I don't get hard seeing faggots in the nude johnnie. I want you to get it hard for me. Touch it son. Hold my cock and make it hard for you to suck."

I couldn't help myself. Pater's cock was calling me. I wanted it as much as it wanted me. I reached out and took his cock in my hand. I could feel the blood pulsing through the large vein that ran the length to the beautiful head. It was hot and I could move the soft skin up and down. Watching the skin gather under the head was erotic.

I could smell his manly scent as I ran my hand softly up and down the shaft. My dicked throbbed as I stroked and jacked Pater's cock enjoying the feel and wishing it was mine.

Pater must have read my mind. "It can be yours johnnie. The cock in your hand can be yours to enjoy. Make it hard for you son. Make it hard and make it yours."

I looked up at Pater and using my left hand reached for and held his balls feeling them churn their sperm. 

I blew on his cock as it grew in my hand. It began to thicken as it responded to my coaxing.

Finally fully erect I stopped jacking it and just stared at it. It was a wonderful cock. Bigger than mine by far. I was thinking how Cindy would enjoy feeling it in her pussy.

Pater stroked himself up and down a couple times as pre-cum formed at the slit. Using his thumb he rubbed that fluid around the head of his cock and leaned forward and offered it to me. 

I resisted the temptation to open my mouth so Pater smeared it liquid love over my lips. 

He could only chuckle as I licked my lips tasting him for the first time. 

My head was spinning. His taste was strong, manly. I wanted more and he knew it.

Pater stopped me as I moved to lick his cock. "Tell me what you want johnnie. Tell Daddy what you want to do."

Looking at him I asked as honestly and sincerely as I could. "Please Daddy. Please let me suck your cock."

"I thought you weren't a cock sucker johnnie. Is that what you want to become, a cock sucker?"

"I want to be your cock sucker sir. I want to please your big cock Daddy. I want you to teach me how to please you."

God help me but I did want it. Kneeling before this extremely confident and handsome man I felt compelled to do what he wanted me to. 

"Son. before I allow you to be the cock sucker you so deserve to be you have to know that I am a demanding Daddy. This will not be a one time thing johnnie. I will expect you to come to me when I have need for your services. When my balls need draining by a sissy faggot I'll call you and expect you to drop what ever it is you may be doing and come to me. Come to your cock."

"Do you understand johnnie. Do you understand what I'm telling you? Your role will be to drain my balls as quickly or as slowly as my time permits. You will not jerk off that pathetic little dick of yours in my presence unless I've given you my expressed consent. Your pleasure or needs do not matter to me. Your only need will be to pleasure my cock. If you can agree to those terms johnnie then you can suck my cock."

I knew I had some submissive tendencies but what I did next surprised even me. I bowed my head and kissed both feet. Then I looked Daddy in the eyes and pledged my devotion to meet his needs. "I understand sir. I promise to do my best to please you and your wonderful cock. I will listen and do what ever you tell to do without hesitation or complaint. Please let me be your sissy cock sucker."

Daddy smiled down at me. "That was good boi." Reaching behind my head he pulled of the rubber band that held my pony tail. 

As Daddy fluffed my hair out he explained his requirements further. "I don't like my sissies to look like males. I will never touch your little clit. I may at times fuck that sexy fat ass of yours You are to keep your body free of hair. With the exception of your head I want this body completely hairless. Men, real men have body hair. You're not a real man are you johnnie?"

"No sir. I'll be what you want me to be. I have never had anything up my rear end but you can fuck me when you feel I have earned it Daddy."

Daddy smiled and took his cock in his hand. He rubbed it all over my face leaving a trail of pre-cum on me. I opened my mouth to take him in and he continued to tease me by making me bob and weave trying to capture the object of my desire.
