 I arrive at work on Monday morning...my wounds still healing. I have just come from Matthew's place, having finished some cleaning and taking the dog for a walk. Matthew was nowhere to be seen and as I went about making his bed, I had some vivid fantasies of the other night...the night when that beautiful man had made love to me. The image I had kept of him, standing naked at the door, haunting my thoughts constantly. I had to tear myself away from his place to go to work. 

At work, the first person I come across is Ashley, at the gate, greeting cars as they go in. My face goes the color of a beet as I approach, and unfortunately it only accentuates the still apparent wounds on my face. 

"Hey...there she is." She says as she sees me and turns to look back at her friend, who is working in the booth. She looks back to me as I stop. 

"Let me take a look" she says as she examines my face closer. Her friend comes running out and looks too, both of them start giggling as they exchange glances. 

"Wow, you really did a number on him." her friend says in amazement. She turns to me with a grin. 

"How does it feel getting beaten up by an 18 year old girl?" She laughs dismissively as she says it and doesn't wait for an answer. "It's okay, you can just tell people you got in a car accident...until your face heals." See laughs as she turns away. Ashley leans into my ear as I bow my head in shame. 

"Go ahead, bitch" she says in a sexy sultry voice. I feel my face go a little flush and my cock go hard like a rock. As her eyes glance over me, she notices the obvious tent forming in my shorts. She grins as she turns to walk away with a look of confidence. I pull into my usual parking spot.

There is the project coordinator waiting for me. His face is enraged, pacing back and forth, texting on his cell phone. I can tell right now this isn't going to be very good. This is the only person that I answer to at work, and I have a strong suspicion his questions will not be pleasant.

He is a handsome man, mid fourties and his name is Andrew. Andrew is a strong, stern looking man and definitely not to be fucked with. His is a world of success upon success and he was highly accomplished at a young age. His path has always been straight to the top. The very definition of an alpha male, never afraid of anyone and never one to waiver from his own ways. I had been on the wrong end of his fuse once before, and it was my "only and final warning". He is married, with kids, but his job is always keeping him away from them. During the couple of years I have worked for him, he only actually appeared on site a handful of times as he has people working underneath him overseeing day to day operation. I hold my breath as I pull in. 

"What the fuck" is the first thing out of his mouth as I get out of my car. "You are so far behind right now, I don't even know what to say. How does this happen? This fucking disaster...Basically the rest of construction is on hold waiting for you." He pauses for a moment, looking at me, waiting for an answer. 

"I am sorry, I have been having some personal problems lately, a lot going on at home." I managed to come up with. 

"Well that's just too bad." Is his reply. "I will bring in another foreman to finish the job. Then you can have some time to deal with your issues." He says as he immediately goes to his phone and makes a call. 

"Go home" he blurts as I stand in shock. I hear him start talking to someone on the phone. I can hear him cursing about me, explaining how far behind we are. I go back to my car and I text Matthew. 

"I've been let go from work!" is the extent of my message to Matthew. Knowing there is nothing he can do about it, I only feel the immediate need to let him know that I won't be able to pay him anymore. It crosses my mind that this is a possible way out, but my love for Matthew has developed so much so that I feel empty at the thought of not belonging to him. I pull out of the site and Ashley doesn't acknowledge me as I go by. I pull over just ahead, my frustration building as I feel the sheer weight of the situation. I am immediately interrupted by the text back. It is a response from Matthew.

"I will take care of you" is all it says. I am highly confused but I continue to wait just down the road. I can see my office and Andrew still mulling about on his phone. My workers are still busy working, with Andrew giving them guidance. An hour goes by as I sit and wait. 

I see the car approach from a distance. Matthew is driving his black Infiniti and races past me, kicking up a cloud of dust from the dirt road. As he pulls in I see Ashley come running up to the car. Her friend follows behind her as Ashley leans in and kisses him. After they break off their embrace I see him drive into my parking stall. He gets out and walks toward the entrance to my office. I can see Andrew in the window looking up as Matthew enters. 

Half an hour goes by as I sit in anticipation. I can see nothing in the window, and neither man emerges from the trailer. Many questions are running through my head as I wait patiently. 

After another few minutes, I see Matthew emerge from the trailer, a big smile across his face. He goes to his car and heads out, stopping to chat with Ashley as he passes the gate. I cannot see Andrew anywhere inside the office. My heart is pounding as I sit. Moments later Matthew pulls onto the road and towards me. When he reaches me, he screeches to a halt. 

"Get in, Simone" he says, looking coldly at me. 

I jump out of my car and run over to his passenger seat. I open it up and get in. 

"I got you your job back, with some extra bonuses." He says as my jaw drops open. 

"What...how..." I struggle to speak, but he interrupts me abruptly. 

"I've blackmailed your boss, so he will not be a problem anymore." He continues. "Obviously, he doesn't want anyone to know what he truly is, just like you. With you I want everyone to know what a little sissy bitch you are because I know how much you love it. In his case, he was fairly reluctant, so I am not going to tell anybody as long as he keeps us happy." With that he whips out his cell phone and begins pushing buttons, then he holds it out to me. 

"Watch" he says as I reach over and grab it. 

A video begins playing, and on it I see Andrew from the perspective of Matthew. I watch as Andrew drops to his knees, and Matthew pulls out his cock. My eyes go wide in amazement as Andrew begins sucking Matthews huge cock. I watch as it gets harder and harder, and Andrew begins to really get enthusiastic. There are close ups from all angles with Matthew giving Andrew very curt instructions and Andrew following them precisely. A few more minutes go by when I see Matthew pull out and start shooting cum all over Andrews face. It drenches him and drips down his face. Matthew is telling him to smile as he begins to lick the cum off of Matthews still semi hard cock. The video ends on that image. 

I am still struggling to comprehend what I just saw, but Matthew is grinning now as he looks at my reaction. 

"You see" he finally says as he reaches over and takes the phone back. "Nothing to worry about. You should go back in there, he's expecting you." His phone rings and he hits the speakerphone.,

"Hey sexy." It is the sound of a female voice on the phone. "Are you still coming over tonight?"

He turns and gives me a "get out" look and I jump from my seat and back into my car. Matthew peels out and is gone before I am sitting again. I pull back into the gate and Ashley's friend waves me though. I park again and walk back to the office. 

When I enter, I see Andrew sitting at the desk. He looks up and sees me. 

"I'm going to give you another chance" he says, rubbing his eyes as he says it. "I realize now how much more difficult this job is than others you have done for me. I want you to be comfortable, so I will also increase your pay substantially. I also want to thank you, for taking my bullshit over the years. I promise I will be a better boss and if you need anything at all, please call me, anytime. I guess I have done some self reflecting, and maybe firing you was totally wrong. For that, I am truly sorry. So please continue, keep plugging away, you are doing a great job." With that he gets up and walks past me, his eyes looking at the ground as he makes his way to his car. I watch as he pulls away, my excitement I can hardly contain. 

"How does he do it?" I find I am asking myself. My cock is hardening as I think about what Matthew just did. I think about all of the things I could do to show him how grateful I am. My mind wanders for a minute, but I set my focus back onto work again. 

To be continued...