 So a couple of you have been concerned with this but...

Sorry the chapters are so short! I'm just worried that if I write a lot it'll get boring :(

I might work on that in the future, so chill :3

Aaaaanywho... 

Chaptaaaaaaa Threeeeeeeeee~

This one is my favorite. Just saying. *coughcoughsexcoughcough*

Teehee. ^.^

---

"Roman," Jackie whispered. Roman's cock twitched, as it did whenever Jackie said his name, but he kept a stern face.

Jackie's eyes betrayed his fear. Roman glared at him, waiting for an explanation. 

Jackie trembled noticeably. "I... I didn't..."

He trailed off, and Roman lost his patience. He grabbed Jackie by his collar and shook him roughly. 

"What the FUCK is wrong with you? You got some explaining to do, so you better start, godammit!"

Jackie's hands covered his and he tried to no avail to pull Roman's hands away. Roman held firm and shook him again. 

"Ro...Roman, let go!" Jackie used his good foot and kicked him in the gut. Roman staggered backwards and Jackie sat on the edge of the bed, reaching for his crutches. 

Roman recovered from the kick and seized Jackie's arm. His grip was steel. He growled in anger and twisted Jackie's arm. Jackie gasped in pain. 

"Ah! Stop it! It hurts!" he exclaimed. Roman bent his arm behind his back, forcing Jackie to turn around. He was now bending over the side of the bed. 

"Do you drug all of your guests? Or do you just not like me?" Roman hissed into Jackie's ear.

Jackie squirmed beneath him, but he was firmly pinned. 

"That was a question." 

Jackie squirmed some more. "I do! I just... I was afraid." he stammered.

Roman raised an eyebrow. "Afraid?"

Jackie replied, "Yes! I can't trust very many people, and... I thought you'd end up betraying me. So I... freaked."

Roman's grip on Jackie's arm relaxed. "Jackie," he said. "I would never betray you. Please believe me." 

He couldn't see Jackie's face, but something told him that he was blushing. Roman smiled and flipped him over. 

His instincts were right. Jackie's face held a red glow. God, he was so cute when he blushed. 

Roman couldn't hold himself back any longer. He took Jackie's face in his hands and kissed him. Jackie immediately wrapped his arms around Roman's neck. Roman trailed kisses from Jackie's lips to his ear, then down to his collarbone. They were both fully erect by then. 

Roman whipped off Jackie's tuxedo jacket, followed by his shirt and tie. His bare chest was lean and not too muscular. A few downy blond hairs trailed down his stomach, barely visible. To Roman, it was a beautiful sight. 

At first, Jackie quickly covered his chest with his arms, feeling self-conscious. Roman pulled his arms away. 

"Don't be shy. Trust me, Jackie." The words seemed to have an effect on him, because he allowed Roman to plant kisses down his stomach before standing tall again. 

Roman smiled and felt along Jackie's thigh. In a quick motion, Roman undid Jackie's pants and yanked them down to his ankles. 

Jackie kicked them off and began undoing Roman's jeans. He slid them off, along with his shoes and socks. They were both garbed in only their boxers. 

Roman took a deep breath and reached inside the waistband of Jackie's boxers. Jackie made no move to stop him as Roman slid them down and off of him. He also made no move to cover his erection. 

Roman paused and gazed adoringly at Jackie's nude body. He'd never been turned on this much before. As he stared, Jackie hunched his shoulders and looked away sheepishly. 

Roman smiled and guided Jackie's face with his hand so that their eyes met. Jackie regained some confidence and yanked down Roman's boxers, exposing his eight-inch hard on. Jackie couldn't stop staring at it, mesmerized. 

"Jackie, is this your first time?" Roman asked with concern. Jackie nodded shyly. 

Roman laughed. "I guess I'll have to be extra good to you, huh?" Jackie smiled. 

Roman bent down to kiss him, but Jackie reached out and gripped his cock with one hand. 

"I... um... an apology for drugging you," he said quietly. Roman grinned wickedly. 

Jackie brought his mouth closer to Roman's dick. He flicked the head with his tongue a few times. He took the head in his mouth, swirling his tongue over it. 

"Aw, fuck, Jackie!" Roman called out in ecstasy. Jackie began taking more of him into his mouth. He sucked gently at first, then grew more intense. He started a bobbing motion with his head. 

Moans of pleasure escaped Roman as Jackie kept up the pace. Roman ran his fingers through Jackie's fair hair. He was savoring every motion of Jackie's head. After a few moments, he felt like he was about to cum. 

Roman pulled his dick put of Jackie's mouth and pushed him back on the bed. He climbed on top, positioning a finger at Jackie's entrance. He worked it inside, delighting in Jackie's gasp of surprise. 

He finger fucked Jackie for a few moments, adding a finger, then two. Jackie moaned in time with his fingers' thrusts, and soon Roman was desperate to be inside of him. 

He pulled his fingers out and placed his cock at Jackie's opening. Roman felt him shudder in anticipation. 

"Jackie, are you okay with this?"

"Oh God yes," he breathed huskily, lust thick in his voice. "Please."

Roman grinned devilishly and he slowly pushed the head into Jackie's ass. 

"Roman... ah, it hurts," said Jackie as Roman pushed further into him. He hesitated, wondering if Jackie was going to be okay. 

"Don't stop. Please don't stop, Roman," Jackie moaned. Roman was so turned on by his voice that he hastily buried himself to the hilt in Jackie's tight ass. 

"Jackie, I'm all the way in," he announced. Jackie nodded and exhaled as Roman began to pull out until only the head remained inside. He took a deep breath before starting to fuck Jackie, pumping in and out at a moderate speed. Jackie moaned with pleasure in time with his thrusts, and Roman only got hornier. He started fucking him faster. Jackie started crying out now every time Roman pumped into him. 

"Oh God Roman! It feels so good! Harder, Roman!" He gladly obliged the former virgin. Jackie wrapped his hand around his own cock and began jerking himself off. The sight of Jackie touching himself was the sexiest sight Roman had ever seen. 

He began furiously fucking Jackie. After a few seconds, he heard Jackie's cry. "Oh my God! Roman! I'm coming!" Roman gave an animalistic grunt, buried himself all the way into Jackie's ass, and came hard. Jackie followed him over the edge, squirting semen onto Roman's muscular chest. 

Roman fell upon him with kisses. His lips, neck, collarbone, chest. Jackie was out of breath. He lay beneath Roman, panting.

"Did you like it, Jackie? Did you feel good?" Roman asked between kisses. 

Jackie caught his breath and answered, "Yes, oh yes, Roman. I've never felt like this before. That was amazing."

Roman lay down beside Jackie and stroked his hair. "Don't be surprised if I can't keep my hands off of you," he murmured. 

Jackie kissed him. "I don't want you to."

***

Roman was fast asleep. Jackie could tell by his breathing. He slipped out of the bed and grabbed his cell phone off of the nightstand. He left the room on his crutches and made his way down the hall to the bathroom. He dialed Cameo's number. 

"Hey Jackie. What's up? Did Sleeping Hottie wake up yet?" Cameo sounded sober, a good sign for this conversation. 

"Er... yes."

"You sound funny. Is something wrong?"

"Cam," was all Jackie could manage to say. There was silence on the other end of the line. 

Finally, he heard, "How was it?"

"I love him."

More silence from Cameo. Jackie hadn't even intended to say that. He wasn't even sure if he meant it. 

"Jackie, are you sure?" 

"No... yes...I don't know Cam! What if he's lying to me? What if he's still gonna try and kill me? I want to trust him, but what if I can't? What if he kills me, Cam? Oh my God, I-"

"Shh," Cameo's soothing voice came over the line. "Calm down Jackie. Calm down. You'll be fine. You can handle him if he tries to kill you. I know you can, Jackie. I know you don't trust people easily, but I'm gonna sound really cheesy here and say that if your heart tells you to trust him, then trust him. If things don't work out, I want you to remember that I'm always be here for you. Okay?"

"O...okay," Jackie's voice cracked and he felt tears running down his face. "Tha... thank you Cam."

"No problem. G'night hun."

"'Night."

***

Roman heard everything Jackie said. Everything. The end was what disturbed him. Jackie was still struggling to trust him. There was silence in the bathroom, but Roman listened closer and he heard small sobbing sounds. Jackie was crying. 

Without fully realizing it himself, Roman burst into the bathroom and wrapped Jackie in a warm embrace. Jackie was sobbing against his shoulder, as he had done earlier in the 

evening, his hot tears making contact with his bare chest. 

He kissed the top of Jackie's head. "Oh, Jackie," he whispered. "I would never betray you like that. I swear. You can trust me." 

Jackie kept his face buried in Roman's chest. He didn't speak; he didn't need to.

Roman kissed his neck and whispered in his ear, "Please trust me, Jackie. I love you." 

Jackie looked up at him in surprise. He kissed Roman gently, setting Roman's senses on fire. 

"Roman," Jackie whispered his name in his customary seductive fashion. "I trust you. I'll never doubt you again. I love you too." 

Roman picked him up without warning. He set his crutches by the nightstand and carefully laid Jackie down on the bed. He climbed in after him, and they cuddled up together. 

Jackie was the first to fall asleep. Roman looked at the delicate, yet not-so-delicate creature in his arms. He was beautiful, Roman thought. Even though they'd only met that day, he felt a strong bond with him. 

And now he knew that Jackie felt the same way. 

-----

IT'S NOT OVER BELIEVE IT OR NOT. 

Don't let that last part fool ya. I'm not done yet. 

P.S.: That was actually the first sex scene I've ever written. Sorry if it didn't live up to your expectations. 