 I arrive home from a day of work. A year has passed and things are different now. Somehow, in his divine ways, Matthew managed to get me promoted at my job to a division boss, which means I get to oversee all jobs in my district. A lot more freedom for me, which means a lot more time devoted to Matthew. 

I live in Matthew's shed now. The divorce I went through was bitter, but Matthew arranged the best lawyers for me, and we cleaned up on my ex wife. Matthew was easily able to obtain explicit photos and multiple, high definition videos of her cheating on me. I moved out of my house about 8 months ago. Some of it went to my ex-wife, but the rest went to Matthew. 

I live in Matthews shed now, out in his backyard. He and Ashley live in the house. I managed to make myself quite comfortable with an air mattress and a little space heater for the colder nights. I have watched as Matthew and Ashley have ripped through my house sale money and my retirement savings with an extravagance that I cannot come close to understanding. My salary is substantial now and with my other job, it is enough to keep them happy for now. 

Ashley has exceeded her usual bitchy self lately. She no longer acknowledges me unless she is wanting to fuck me with her dildo. The amount of rage that she releases on me during these times speaks volumes. It is almost like clockwork, whenever Matthew is with another woman or women, sometimes in their own bed, she comes to me with the strap on. The verbal abuse that I endure with her is astounding, yet my love for Matthew demands that I accept it. 

My other job is as a gay male escort. I do that every night that I am not on cleaning duties. As I have become more experienced, I have found that I have become quite good at it. Every cock that I suck or take up my ass, I simply pretend it's Matthew's. Oh the sensations I can reach, an in turn stimulate with that proper motivation. Not that any of them compare, as I have never found one that felt or looked as perfect as his, and it keeps me going and finding ways to improve. 

Nothing compares to the rare times, where I am awoken in the middle of the night to the sight of Matthews beautiful naked body striding toward me with a sense of purpose and confidence written on his face. It had only happened a handful of times so far, but when I see this, my whole body usually goes stiff and my heart goes up in my throat. Everything else fades away as this is happening, and I find myself wondering if it is some figment of a dream. 

I am fully awake once he is inside me. Every inch of his manhood multiplies the intensity of the feeling. When he explodes and his cum drenches my insides, I am in a whole other mind state. It makes me feel as if I am floating and there is lightning and fireworks going off all around me. There is no other way of describing the sensations that only he has ever given me. 

Last night was the last time that this happened. I made him cum 5 times in a row, a feat that, he had told me, that no woman he has ever been with has been able to accomplish. By the end of it, I saw something that I had never seen before. There was Matthew...the man who had me on my knees by simply looking at me...writhing around on the bed after achieving his fifth cumshot, literally shaking and moaning. For a moment, and only for a brief moment, there was a look of vulnerability to him. Afterward we did what we had never done, and I fell asleep in his arms, his cock pressed gently up against my ass. This was the warmest and most amazing night of my life, and if I could make time stand still at any moment, this was it. It made me want to make Matthew fall in love with me...the way that I love him. 

When I awaken in the morning, he is gone of course. I know that the task of making this man fall in love with me is next to impossible, as he can have any woman that he wants, and does. Oh the countless women I have seen leaving the house late at night or early morning. All different kinds, but all amazingly hot. It makes me sympathize with Ashley's jealousy, as I understand that her love for him is as great as mine. But then her attitude makes me forget that sympathy and revel in the times where Matthew chooses to come to my bed over hers.

Still I have a sense that there is a small shred of hope that if I follow my plan, I could make him love me. 

To be continued.