 After reading the messages I went in to the living room, turned on the TV and sat on the couch. While watching TV and resting I tried to figure out what I had wanted to do this evening. Flipping through the channels and finding nothing really on TV. I put in a porno I had laying nearby; I walked into the kitchen and grab myself a beer, and then return to the couch flopping down on it. As I flop down my towel slips off me and I sit there naked watching the porn. It had been awhile since I seen this movie, beings that I had a regular fuck buddy in my life, but she wanted more and I just was not ready for that yet. 

I had forgotten what this porno was all about the scene that was playing had 2 guys on the screen and no women at all. And I thought it was a bit odd that there were no women, but it did not bother me I just kept on watching not paying attention to the dialog or plot, as we all know porn does not have much of a plot any ways. As I start to pay closer attention to the movie I notice that the guys are touching each other in a very friendly way.

It finally dawns on me that this is a gay movie, and I try to remember when I got it. But that thought quickly left my mind when the guys on the screen started making out and fondling each other. Before I knew it they were naked and one was down on his knees sucking on the other guy's massive cock. Deep throating it, this guy's cock had to be every bit of 11 inches, I thought to myself must be nice to have a cock that big. 

And then I started to think to myself would I want to have a cock that big, or have a cock that big inside of me. Next I knew my own cock was starting to get hard and I was getting really aroused by watching these 2 men play with each other. The one man with the 11 inch cock was holding the others guy head and basically fucking his face. While the other guy was on his knees being face fucked his cock was just dangling there and it really made me start to think about what it would be like with another man.

At that moment, my phone rang and I snapped out of my thoughts and quickly had to gain my composure. And find the remote to mute the TV because I didn't need anyone hearing two men grunting in the background. The phone call was a good friend of mine, wanted to know if I was up to anything, told him I just got out of the shower and was trying to figure out what to get into this evening.

My friend Steve told me that he had heard of a good band playing locally and that we should go check them out. I was all for it and told him to give me some time to get dressed and we could go check them out. So we agreed to go and listen to this band, I hung up the phone and turned off the TV, and got ready to go out. I walked into my bedroom and got out a nice outfit to wear to this concert, also put on some nice smelling cologne; it is always good to smell nice even if just hanging out with a friend. 

I walked out to the living room, picked up wallet, keys, and phone, and headed for the door. Turned around and made sure I had turned off everything and locked the door behind me. Got in the car and headed out to meet with Steve at the concert. 

Once I got to the concert, I grabbed my phone to text Steve and find out where he is at. That is when I noticed that I had three missed text messages, I figured they were all from Steve, but when I got to the messages they were all from the stranger I met on that personal ad site earlier. Reading the texts as I walk into the concert, I see they r all very sexual and this guy is very confident in knowing just what I want. After reading the text messages I sent Steve a text asking where he is at. While I wait on a response I look around checking out some of the women that came to the concert. Mostly younger than me, but some were around the same age. My phone vibrates in my pocket and there is a text message from the stranger. Asking if I had ever gaged on cock before. Since nobody was around me I replied back telling him no, and that I was going to be a little busy for the next few hours or so. My phone vibrated again with his response saying; yeah you will be busy pleasing my cock. So I replied back with LOL. 

After several minutes went by, Steven still had not shown up, and still no text. I then call him and I get his voicemail. I leave him a short message asking him where he is and to give me a call back. There is another text from the stranger saying "I am standing right behind you!" of course I turn around and there is nobody behind me. I wrote back "haha, very funny." He sends me another message saying "you won't be laughing when I'm standing behind you with my cock up your ass." My face got a little flush and I felt like someone had turned up the heat in the concert. I also felt a little bit of a tingle in my pants and tried not to think about what he said in his text and just put my phone back in my pocket.