 I'd been with Kevin for a couple of years and every once in a while we'd kind of joke around and talk about how it could be fun to a add a third dude to our mix some night. It never got past the talk stage, tough. But lately I'd been thinking about it more and more. Sex with Kevin was still great but, I had to admit, a certain routine had set in. I thought we were both ready for some fresh spice. Plus, I'd long had this fantasy of wanting to see Kevin make it with another stud. He's got such a huge, beautiful cock. Sometimes I hankered to watch him use that cock on some awed dude who couldn't take his eyes off it or wait to get it inside him. So one night I broached the subject again, but seriously this time.

"Say? What would you think about having another guy join us sometime for a three-way scene?" I asked as I was giving him a nice, thorough massage after we both showered. I was down to massaging his cock, which, as always, took all of about five seconds to get thick and stiff in my hand. "Man, I'd love to watch you bury this beautiful shaft of yours up some other dude's ass. Or watch him wrap his lips around it."

"You would, huh?" he cackled.

"Yeah, I would. I would a lot," I said, fisting it sensually.

Anyway, the answer was yes, so I proposed inviting over this guy I worked with, Jimmy. Jimmy was a cute young kid back in the office. After running into me and Kevin at the beach one time, he was always telling me what a stud Kevin was, what a great body he had, teasing me about the bulge in his swim trunks. Once, at a Christmas party at our office, when he was a little drunk, Jimmy asked me if Kevin was as well-hung as he looked in swim trunks. I picked up a foot ruler from a desk.

"Subtract about an inch or so from this."

"You're shittin' me!" he gasped.

"I kid you not. And he knows how to use it too, believe me."

So now I talked to Jimmy about maybe joining me and Kevin for an evening of fun and games. And nanturally he loved the idea.

A few days later Jimmy came by. I had worked things out so that Kevin would already be in the bedroom stretched out on his back naked, stroking his big dick. So now I led Jimmy straight into the bedroom. 

"Holy shit!" Kevin gasped as he caught sight of my gorgeous boyfriend laying back languidly, slowly fisting his thick, ten-inch pole, as stiff as steel tubing. Jimmy just stood there staring, so I pushed him gently forward as he sat next to Kevin, his eyes riveted on his rigid cock like a pair of star-struck lasers.

"Pretty nice, huh? Nice and thick," I said, sitting down next to Jimmy, taking his hand and moving it over to Kevin's cock. Jimmy couldn't have been happier as he started to fist Kevin's cock excitedly.

"Tastes good too," I hissed in Jimmy's eat. "Let me see you taste it, Jimmy."

Now I watched as Jimmy slowly licked the ample surface of Kevin's smooth, hard cock, his tongue gliding up the shaft until it finally reached the bulbous knob. 

"Uh huh! Eat it!" I kept hissing in his ear. "And think how good it's going to feel when it's buried up your tight butt!"

Jimmy stared into my eyes, his mouth stuffed with Kevin's cock, lips stretched around its awesome thickness.And while he sucked away, staring at me like this, i reached down and unzipped him, reaching in to find he was as stiff as Kevin. Then I took off Jimmy's clothes for him as he never let up sucking Kevin.

Naked now, I got him up on the bed on elbows and knees as he never stopped sucking for a moment. I stared at his cute, smooth, boyish buns, working my fingertips into the crease between them. The way he wiggled his butt told me he loved the attention! Now I spread him wide open and gazed at his hot, little hole, then ran my tongue down the length of Jimmy's crack, rimming him in earnest. Now I'd be lying if I said I lured Jimmy over here just so Kevin could have a piece of him. I wasn't that selfless. I intended to have some of this slut-boy for myself too! Plus, someone had to get him ready for Kevin's thick butt-buster. 

I kept licking him, making him nice and wet back there, and as I licked him I reached around to take hold of his tool, as stiff as the barrel of a shotgun! Finally I pulled back, reached for a tub of lube I made sure was in arm's reach, and slapped a big dab between Jimmy';s cheeks, working it around, then jamming first one, then two fingers up his tight but now greased ass. He turned around to look at me as I reamed him, his mouth never letting up on Kevin. Now I pulled off my own clothes, knelt behind Jimmyw, and slammed my cock up his ass in one slick move.

"Ahhhhh!" he gasped as he felt it, pulling away from Kevin's cock. But I pressed back on Jimmy's head, as he took it in his mouth again.

"C'mon, suck it, take it down your throat, show Kevin how much you love it," I hissed at him as he bravely swallowed inch after inch of the thick rod until, finally, the whole damn thing was out of sight wedged in his mouth and down his throat, his lips pressing against Kevin's pubic hair. Finally he let go, his eyes bulging, gasping for breath as anyone would who'd just swallowed ten plus inches of thick cock

"How's that ass?" Kevin growled.

"Good, real good. Ready for some yourself?"

"Oh yeah, I'm, ready," Kevin said with a lewd, nasty smile, pulling away from Jimmy's mouth and moving up on the bed to join me behind Kevin. Now I pulled out as Kevin knelt in my place.

Kevin got in position behind Jimmy, his magnificent cock erect, poised and aimed right at Jimmy's greased and freshly fucked hole. I took hold of Kevin's shaft and brought it between Jimmy's cheeks, pressing the tip against his slick, wrinkled hole. 

"It's time to finally fuck this stud, so slide it in. Shove it inside him nice and deep!" I urged Kevin, staring into his blazing eyes as, slowly, inch by inch, he slid his massive cock up Jimmy's rectum, stopping and letting him get accustomed to it and then pushing forward, forcing in another inch or two, fucking him with strong, smooth strokes until, finally, its full length was buried deep inside. 

"It makes me horny to see your big dick up another dude's ass, Kevin," I whispered into his ear, leaning over. "Shove it in there. Deep... all the way!"

But watching wasn't enough for me. I needed to get in on the action. So I got down and licked Jimmy's balls and sucked his cock while Kevin drilled his ass. Then ran my tongue along the underside of Kevin's shaft as he plunged inside Jimmy. There was so much to lick and suck here. And I was ravenous for the taste of every sizzling inch!

Jimmy had gotten used to the big cock plowing his ass and was now eagerly pushing back on it, trying to get the full length of Kevin's shaft inside him with each stroke. I approached Jimmy now so I could look him straight in the eyes while he was being fucked. His face was contorted with wild pleasure. God! I loved that expression, that look of intense passion as Kevin's cock plowed into his ass.

"You like being on your knees, don't you, Jimmy? Sticking out your tight little bottom like a horny slut so Kevin can bury his thick cock deep inside it?"

"Uh-huh!"

"Here's some more dick for you, Jimmy!" I cackled, grabbing the back of his head and forcing my cock down his throat. I let him suck me for a while, but as much as I enjoyed getting head it was the voyeur in me that was all fired up. I needed to get back there and check out the action some more. I wanted to check out this hot coupling from every angle. So I got behind Kevin now, staring at the awesome sight of Kevin's rigid thickness busting open Jimmy's tight asshole. Then I pulled back to take in a wider view, watching Kevin's buttocks pump away as he slammed it in there, hard.

Spreading Kevin's muscular buttocks as he thrust forward, I slid my tongue into his familiar ass. Kevin sighed deeply; I knew how he always craved having my hot tongue lap away at his asshole. After he was nice and wet from my rimming, I slid a finger inside and reamed him as he kept ramming his dick savagely all the way up Jimmy's rectum. Then I got behind Kevin and spread his buns.

"Stop moving around for a moment stud, okay? I wanna get this inside you."

Kevin ceased plunging into Jimmy as I placed my cockhead up against his asshole. Then I pushed forward, sliding my dick deep inside him with one forceful plunge. I was in heaven! Screwing Kevin while he, in turn, was drilling Jimmy. This scene was turning out just as I had hoped. We got a nice, smooth rhythm going, Kevin fucking Jimmy, while I fuked Kevin. We must've been banging away like this for fifteen minutes or so when I decided it was time to break off and try something else.

"Time to pull out for awhile, guys," I said, withdrawing my dick from the hot depths of Kevin's snug bottom. Then Kevin pulled out very, very slowly, making sure I had a good view of his big cock withdrawing from the grip of Jimmy's tight anus. I gazed at the long, thick shaft now, as did Jimmy. Then Jimmy reached back to feel his own asshole.

"Ooooh, shit, I'be been fucked, haven't I?!"

"You sure as shit have. Bend over and spread 'em, slut," I said. "Let's see what you look like now that you've had that big dick of Kevin's stuffed up your ass."

My eyes went wide when I saw his reamed asshole. The sight of a freshly-fucked ass somehow always aroused me.

"Hey, Kevin," Jimmy now urged Kevin, "why don't you turn around and bend over so we can see your cute butthole too now that it's been fucked. I'm not the only stud around here who's just had a dick in my ass."

Jimmy and I looked Kevin over as he spread his hard, perfect buns to expose the crack between them for our scrutiny. 

"Nice ass, huh Jimmy? Looks good enough to eat!" I said.

And so I pressed my face into Kevin's crack and began eating out his ass again. Then I looked over at Jimmy.

"Why don't you come down here and have a taste too."

Jimmy got down next to me and took over rimming Kevin. 

"Oh yeah!... lick that ass, lick it!" I pushed back on Jimmy's head to force his tongue deeper into Kevin's crack.

Now I pushed Jimmy away and took over for a while before letting Jimmy dig in again as the two of us took turns rimming Kevin. I was consumed with anal lust, greedily devouring Kevin's asshole and then pausing to watch while Jimmy feasted on it. Next, I got behind Jimmy and worked my tongue up his ass again while he kept on rimming Kevin. I only wished I had a stud behind me with his slippery tongue up my butthole!

Jimmy's sphincter was still dilated from being pummeled by Kevin's cock and I could easily slide my tongue deep inside. As my tongue probed his anal passage, it made me feel so fuckin' horny to think that only minutes ago it was Kevin's thick cock that had been where my tongue was now. Shit! Eating out Jimmy's asshole, I could almost taste that dick of Kevin's! 

Jimmy had been thoroughly fucked. By me, and then by Kevin. And I had screwed Kevin. But my own butt hadn't been touched yet. 

"Okay guys, my turn," I said getting down on the couch on hands and knees, raising my ass up high. That's me -- a hot stud who loves to get on his elbows and knees, greedy to take it up the ass!

Kevin's beautiful cock was sticking up right in front of my face. I stared at it, relishing the fact that it had just been stuffed all the way up Jimmy's rectum. I devoured Kevin now, licking and sucking his dick with a demented, ravenous lust. 

"Oh yeah, mmmmmmmh," Kevin hissed, "Eat that dick. Suck it!" 

And as I chewed away I felt a mouth pressing against the crack of my ass. The next thing I knew, Jimmy's agile tongue was giving me a first-class rim job. I like to have my butthole eaten almost as much as I like eating another stud's butthole! Then I felt Jimmy slapping some lube into my crack. I closed my eyes as he expertly slid his dick up my ass and started to fuck me in earnest. After he gave me a good, solid reaming he pulled out, telling me he was on the brink and didn't want to unload yet. I looked up at Kevin and smiled. He knew exactly what to do now as he took Jimmy place behind me and wedged his massive cockhead, as big as a pool ball, into my crack. Man did I ever crave the feel of the bulbous knob between my cheeks, know the thick shaft would soon follow. And it sure did as he forced it inside,

"Oh yeah, fuck 'im!" Jimmy growled, urging Kevin on. Then Jimmy disappeared behind Kevin. The next thing i heard was the sound of Jimmy's tongue slurping away at Kevin's asshole, rimming him as he fucked me. Ah the sounds of male-male sex, so fucking beautiful! So glad I got that divorce from Tina four years ago!