 He sat in the back of my taxi and I could tell he was nervous. "Do you know any gay bars?" he asked timidly.

I looked at him in the rearview mirror. "Sure," I said. "We have two in town – the Hide 'N Seek and the Q Club." He was Latino. I had seen him before. Then I remembered when – he was with a bunch of other Peruvians who had just started working at one of Colorado's premier resorts.

They had called for a taxi on a Sunday afternoon and I had been first up in the queue so I got them. They had wanted to go buy some soccer balls and some athletic gear. I took them to the city's biggest sporting goods store, waited for them and took them home afterwards. They lived in one apartment...two bedrooms...to save money.

They hadn't tipped very well. But they were fun to be with. They asked a million questions about the area, where to find girls, how cute were they, how old did you have to be to get into the bars, where the libraries were, the best cheap restaurants and where and how to catch the bus. I filled them in on the city, pointed out a couple of our tallest mountains, and warned them about some of the rougher parts of town.

And I gave them my card. They called me on my cell phone a number of times to get them to work on time (the bus system was terrible and they couldn't depend on it) and to pick them up from the bars.

But this was the first time that Paco had called me. He wasn't old enough to go to the bars – he was only 19 he told me.

So now here he was, after midnight on a Saturday, asking me about gay bars. I've got to admit, I was surprised. He hadn't seemed like the type. He was a good looking kid, light olive skin, black wavy hair, dark brown eyes with long lashes, high cheeks, a long thin nose, full lips, beautiful white teeth and a strong-looking chin. He was a little taller than his friends and he seemed conscious of that fact because he sort of stooped over when he was with them. He had a big chest that led to a tapered waist and narrow hips, creating a V look. I made him to be a Latin lover. No American girl was going to be able to resist those soft eyes of his.

"Paco, you are underage," I said to him. "And both of those bars really check ID's. They are constantly getting hassled by the cops. But the Hide 'N Seek does stay open after 2:00 a.m. They don't serve booze then. But they do serve soft drinks and food. And they let kids in then. Maybe you would like to do that?"

Paco sighed. "I don't have a lot of money yet. So I don't know where I might go for a couple of hours," he said.

"Yes, it's too late for the movies. How about a restaurant? There's a Denny's near the Hide 'N Seek. I could drop you off there, then come get you around 2:00 or you could even walk over to the bar. What do you think?" I asked him.

"Could you pick me up?" he asked. "I don't know the place. I would feel better being with you if you don't mind."

I grimaced a little bit, but he didn't see it. Closing time on Friday and Saturday nights was money time for us cabbies. We would all be busy from 1:00 a.m. to 3:00 a.m., ferrying the drunks home. Now he wanted me to cut into my most profitable time in order to take him on a $3.00 cab ride to a gay bar.

But there was something about the kid that I really liked. I guess it was his vulnerability. "Okay. I'll pick you up at 2:15 a.m. okay? But be ready to go. I get really busy around then." He assured me that he would be ready.

I dropped him off at the Denny's and sped downtown to try to cram as many rides as possible in the next two hours. But at 2:15 a.m., I was there to pick him up. I told myself, Kid you better be outside in two minutes or I'm gone. He was waiting for me.

We drove the four blocks to Hide 'N Seek. There was already a long line of underaged kids waiting outside. The fare was $3.20. But I turned to Paco and said, "Don't worry about it. Have fun. They close at 4:00. Do you want me to pick you up?""Please," he said. He thanked me for not charging him and I watched him get into the line outside. He stood out from many of them. He was a young man with quiet dignity. Many of the kids in the line outside the gay bar were really freaky looking, with spiked hair, facial piercings, or acting really femme. But Paco could have fit in anywhere.

I waved at him as I drove away, worrying a little about him being in such a strange-looking environment. I hoped he knew what he was getting into. But then the next call was waiting and I was off to make more money.

Driving a cab was certainly not my image of what I would be doing after I retired from the Army. I had survived four wars or "conflicts" as some of them were called, earned a Silver Star, a couple of Bronze Stars and three Purple Hearts. Some people kept warning me that driving a cab was a dangerous job, one of the most dangerous in America. But it was a good source of cash while I was waiting to be accepted for the next police academy. And as for dangerous ... compared to the guys on the end of the AK-47's, RPG's and B-40 rockets that I had run into in Vietnam, this job was a picnic.

At 4:00 a.m. I was back in the parking lot of the Hide 'N Seek. Paco was one of the first people out the door as the bar was closing.

He jumped into the back seat of my cab. I could tell from the look on his face that he was disappointed.

"How did it go Paco?" I asked.

He sighed. "Not so good."

"Can I ask you something, Paco?"

"Sure Senor Prince. You can ask me anything you want."

"What was it that you were looking for, exactly, at that place?"

There was a pause. "I guess I was looking for someone who would be nice. Treat me with respect ... be a friend. But the people tonight – one said he wanted to ride me bareback. I am not used to people talking like that."

I suppressed a smile. Paco was so earnest and I felt a twinge of compassion for him. I had many gay passengers in the past, but never one quite as vulnerable and naïve as Paco.

As we traveled towards his apartment, I wanted to continue our conversation.

"Paco, I think the guy who wanted to ride you bareback was really wanting to fuck you in the ass."

"Yes, I thought so. But in Peru, we are never that forward. We are polite and act like gentlemen. If I said that to someone in Peru, I would be hit."

"I understand. This is a cultural issue, Paco. In the United States, it seems some gay men are very aggressive in making their feelings known. I have had many of them ask me if I want to have sex with them."

"They have? What did you say?"

"Most of the time I politely decline. But I must admit that I gave in one time. I had a guy offer to give me a blowjob and I took him up on it."

I could hear an intake of air from the back seat. There was a long pause. I think Paco was shocked.

"Did you like?"

"Yes I did. It was one of the best blowjobs I ever had. He spent a lot of time licking my scrotum and really knew all the right spots to concentrate on with my cock," I said. "And when I came, I came so much that my cum ran out his nose."

"You are joking."

"No I'm serious. I am a very heavy cummer. I used to have a girlfriend in San Jose who always wanted me to cum on her face because I would completely coat her face. She was into S&M and she would wear my cum on her face the entire weekend, even when we went out to eat. It was wild."

"So you are bisexual?" Paco asked.

"You know I've never really thought about it. But yes, I guess I am."

We were now parked in front of Paco's apartment, but he made no move to pay up and leave.

"I would have never suspected..." he said.

"I know. But it is funny, Paco, the older I've become the more liberal my thinking has become. I think people should start to break down their inhibitions and get rid of their stereotypes. For instance, I didn't know you were gay until you told me tonight. And it doesn't make any difference to me. In fact, to be honest, it makes you more interesting to me."

"It does?" For the first time in the evening, I saw a smile on his face.

"Yes it does."

"Why?" he asked.

"Because I think you are a great looking guy. You are young and very sexy. But I know that you will find a young lover who will make a great partner for you."

"Maybe. But Senor Prince, I would like someone more experienced, like you."

"Like me? Hell, Paco, I have only been with two men...and one of those was when I was 12 years old. So I am not that experienced."

"But you are gentle. And you are nice. I would be comfortable with you."

I looked at him. "Are you serious," I asked. He looked me in the eyes. "Yes. I am being honest."

My heart was now beating wildly and my mouth was suddenly dry. A casual conversation was going places that I never envisioned.

"Well, I am very honored Paco. Would you like to sleep on it for a night to make sure you would like to be with me?"

There was a pause. "Senor Prince...am I being too forward?"

"No not at all Paco. Why do you ask?"

"I am afraid to make you uncomfortable," he said.

I laughed lightly. "Paco, you are making me excited, not uncomfortable."

He smiled and reached up and gently touched my face. It was the first contact we had made. "Could we be together now?" he asked.

I looked at my watch. It was after 4:30 a.m. Business would be dead for the rest of the night.

"Okay Paco. Where would you like to go?"

"I don't know this city, Senor Prince."

"I mean, would you like to make love in the back of the cab? It's a pretty big back seat. Or we could get a motel room if you like."

"It is up to you," he said.

I thought for a moment. "There's a nice place that is private and overlooks the city. It's close to your apartment. Why don't we go there?"

"Okay."

I turned off the meter. This trip was going to be on me.

In five minutes we were in the deserted parking lot of a sports bar that overlooked the city. I turned off the cab.

I opened the back door and got in next to Paco. He was wearing a nice cologne. I recognized it as "Versace."

I took his hand in mine and kissed it.

"Paco, you are so incredibly lovely," I said, and leaned over and kissed him on his lips. He returned the kiss...tentatively at first, and then as I sucked in his lower lip and gently bit it, he became more passionate. His tongue flicked at my lips and then entered my mouth.

I had a fleeting thought that this was pretty crazy. If a cop happened to drive up the hill, he might see the cab and come over to inspect what was going on. But that thought was lost in the growing lust I was feeling.

I lay back on the seat and pulled Paco to me. We continued kissing, each kiss getting more and more heated. I kissed the tip of his nose and his eyelids, then moved down to kiss his neck. I could feel the heat from his breath on my cheek.

I unbuttoned his shirt and began lighting biting his nipples. His hips involuntarily began thrusting into me. "You are such a good kisser," Paco said breathlessly.

I smiled and moved back to his mouth. "And so are you."

My hands circled his ass and I pulled him tighter to me. I moved one of my knees between his legs and he began to grind on the knee.

"Mmmm. I want to taste your cock," he said. I unbuttoned my jeans and guided his hand to my rock hard cock.

Paco reached inside my briefs and began stroking my cock. There was already a copious amount of precum. He used the precum to lubricate the tip of my cock and continued stroking as we kissed.

He then moved down on the seat and began licking my mushroom-shaped cockhead. The sensation was incredible. Then he took me deep down his throat. I almost came right there. I felt Paco's right hand begin to massage my buttocks. His index finger circled my anus and he brought it up to his mouth and licked his finger, then went back to playing with my bottom.

I spread my legs a little further and Paco inserted his index finger in my ass and began moving it in and out.

I was in heaven. He was one hell of a lover. He continued giving me a wet and noisy blowjob while at the same time finding the inner reaches of my ass.

I said, "Paco, I think I'm going to cum."

He just increased the pace of his oral ministrations, taking all six inches of me deep down his throat and then coming up and swirling his tongue around my cockhead.

And then I started to cum. He took the first four bursts down his throat and when he needed to breathe, he pulled my cock from his mouth and let the last couple of jets hit him on his lips and cheeks.

He kept licking and sucking my cock until I was almost crazy from the intense tingling from my sensitive cockhead.

"Paco, that was incredible," I said in a panting voice. "Baby, that is the best head I've ever had."

He smiled. "Thank you. Your cum was very sweet. I want more."

I laughed. "Baby, I'm almost 40 years old. It takes me time to recover."

He moved back up on the seat so that we could kiss. I licked my cum from his lips and cheeks and shared it with him as we French kissed.

I reached down and began massaging his cock. "I want to return the favor."

"You don't have to Senor Prince."

"But I want to." With that I undid his belt buckle and unbuttoned his slacks. I reached inside his jockey shorts and began playing with his cock.

Paco had a very small cock, only about two or three inches in length. And it was very thin. I moved down and took his cock in my mouth. I licked the tender underside of his cockhead and flicked my tongue over his pee slit. He thrust his hips into me and I easily took his cock down my throat.

As Paco had done earlier to me, I reached around behind him and started playing with his smooth ass. Paco's breathing became more rapid. I played with his anus and then brought my fingers to my mouth. He had a very musky man scent. I loved it. I licked my fingers and then put one, and then two into his ass. He began fucking my mouth and I kept up with every thrust. My fingers explored deep into his ass and along the walls of his sphincter.

In a remarkably short time, Paco cried out and began cumming in my mouth. His first spurt was sour and caused me to gag a little. But then his next couple of spurts produced much sweeter cum and I let it flow down my throat into my stomach.

"You have experience," he said after we had both recovered from our lovemaking.

"No, I have only been with one person and that was a boy my age when I was 12. But I have been with enough women who gave me oral sex to know what to do. I'm glad I gave you pleasure," I said.

"Can you make love to me again?" he asked.

I smiled. "Baby, are you trying to kill me?"

"No. But I want you to fuck me. I am a bottom and I want you inside me. Please," he said.

"Think you can get me hard again?" I asked.

"Hehe. I think so," he said and moved back down the seat so he could take my cock in his mouth again. And he was right. After a couple of minutes of his loving touch, I was rock hard again.

"I don't have any lubricant, so you will have to be gentle at first, okay Senor Prince."

He rolled over so that his ass was next to my cock, which was still wet with his saliva. He reached back and spread his ass. I placed my cockhead next to his anus and slowly pushed in. I heard him groan a little, so I pulled out.

"Hang on a minute my baby. Let me get you nice and wet," I said. I shuffled down the seat and began rimming his smooth ass. He had an incredibly masculine scent, very musky but also with a sharp, somewhat acidic scent and taste. It was delectable.

My tongue moved up and down his crack and then I thrust it inside his ass.

His hips pushed back into my face and for a second I couldn't breathe. I paused for a moment to get my breath and then went back to his ass, thrusting my tongue inside his anus as far as it would reach.

When I was convinced that his anus was wet enough from my saliva, I spread the cheeks of his ass as wide as possible and thrust my cock inside him.

Our close proximity in the back seat of the car allowed Paco to push his ass back against my cock. I was inside him right to the hilt and it was driving Paco crazy. His breath came in gasps as I pounded his ass with forceful thrusts.

"Madre dios," he said, more to himself than to me. I grabbed his hips and continued slamming my body into his.

"Arrrrgggh, I'm cumming," he said and he shot a load of cum onto the fabric of my back seat.

"Mmmm, baby. I'm cumming too," I said and a primal scream started deep in my throat and echoed through the cab as I spurted load after load of cum into his ass.

We lay there for several minutes, his ass impaled by my cock, my arms around his chest. I slipped out after my cock softened and rolled Paco over and kissed him deeply.

"Come on my beautiful friend," I said, "we should get you home."

"Ahh, it was wonderful," he said dreamily.

I smiled. "Yes it was. I think it was some of the best lovemaking I have ever had. You are an incredible lover, Paco."

We dressed and I drove him back to his apartment.

"Can we see each other again," he asked.

I smiled, "You better believe it. How about next Saturday night? I'll take you to a motel next time after I finish my shift, okay?"

"Okay. It is a date Senor Prince. Thank you so much. And Senor Prince...my friends from Peru that I work with, they don't know I am gay. Please don't tell them, okay?"

I smiled. "Of course I won't tell them. What you and I do together is our business, no one else's."

He reached for his wallet. "How much do I owe you for the ride, Senor Prince?"

I chuckled. "Eight bucks Paco."

Hey, what the hell, I'm a taxi driver.