 The following is a fictional story from the mind of a bisexual male.

So I'd been sucking this guy I met on an online cruising site for a couple months. Six foot, well built, dark hair, and dark eyes with a long, thick cock he loved jamming into the back of my throat. I'm a submissive cocksucker by nature so he'd come by whenever he was horny and use me. I texted him my schedule, so he knew where I was at all times. When I was at home, he'd show up unannounced and ring my doorbell. I'd let him in, close the door, drop to my knees, and within seconds I'd have my mouth filled with his cock. He'd grab me by the hair and drag me all over the living room, fucking my face in different positions.

If I was at work or out at a movie or family gathering, he'd drive and park someplace close but without a lot of people around. He'd text me, I'd excuse myself and I'd come out to his truck and I'd climb in and suck his dick as he sat in the passenger's seat. Sometimes he'd even come into the theater or park I was at and text me a command to go into the restroom or woods there and I'd suck him off that way. One time, when I was working late and no one else was at the office, he came by my work and I sucked him off in my office. 

He completely and totally owned me. My mouth and throat were his to pleasure himself with. I belonged to him and I always hungered for his cock to fill my throat.

So one Saturday we decided to try a new venue: the porn theater at my local adult store. I'd never been there, but I told my Master that I was curious about it and we agreed to go there and I'd suck him in one of the private viewing rooms they advertise.

We met in the parking lot and went in and paid for our tickets separately. He went in as I paid for myself and he waited for me at the door. He firmly held my arm as we walked down the hall, reminding me he was in control. We parted the curtains to the dark theater and the sight and sound of a blonde woman sucking a large cock greeted us on the giant flat screen television in the theater. We stood there and watched the movie for a few minutes as our eyes adjusted to the stark darkness.

I began to be able to make out several black leather love seats situated all over the theater and several men sitting on them, while a couple others stood in the back. My Master pulled me to an empty one and we sat down. The blowjob in the movie had gotten harder, the woman was gagging and drool ran down her face as the guy shoved his hard, erect penis deeper and deeper into her mouth. I licked my lips. 

My Master asked "You want that don't you, fagot?" 

"Yes, Master"

"I'll be right back."

He got up and left to rent the private room. I looked back and I could see two doors to private rooms both with windows that had blinds open, revealing a love seat and big screen TV in each. I also noticed the men in there. None of them were doing anything and I couldn't see the bulges in their pants very well, so I had to imagine their cocks. And I did. I've never told Master this, but I wasn't just a slave to his cock. I loved cock period. I glanced behind at the tall muscular bald black guy standing in the back. I bet he would have loved to have his cock fill my mouth. The fatter guy with the big belly sitting in the love seat near him, I wanted him too. I bet his cock was nice and thick. And the even old man, probably in his 70s or 80s in the love seat beside me, I bet I could get his cock hard and cumming inside my mouth. I wanted all of them, I wanted to shove every cock in that room in my mouth. I wanted to be every man's cumslut.

My Master returned, grabbed my arm, and pulled me up.

"Come on," he commanded.

All the guys looked at us as we went into the private room and shut the door. My Master closed blinds and sat down on the love seat. It was a tiny room. The TV, which was playing the same movie with the gagging blonde, was about five feet from the love seat and the blinds and door were within arm's length of it. He let go of my arm and sat down. The light from the TV highlighted the delicious, massive erection forming in his shorts.

"Drop to your knees and strip, fagot!"

"Yes. Master!"

I anxiously took off my socks and shoes and then threw off my shirt and shorts. I had no underwear, so I was completely naked now as I kneeled before him. He grabbed my head and shoved it unto his crotch. I mouthed his hard dick through his pants as he moaned. I put my warm hungry mouth over it, licking it though his shorts until they were soaked with my saliva. 

He unzipped his shorts and threw them off revealing his massive fuck tool. I craved it so bad as I sat there on my knees. He harshly grabbed my head and thrust his dick into my open, hungry mouth. He held my head firmly in place as he wildly thrust his massive cock into my mouth over and over. I choked, I gagged. My saliva dripped out of my mouth. I just closed my eyes and felt his cock go deeper into my throat with each thrust of his hips. He fucked my mouth like it was a pussy. He used me just like the whore in the movie was getting used. I was in heaven.

As he facefucked me he would yell at me:

"You like that cocksucker?! You like choking on my cock?"

All I could do was try to moan something that sounded like "yes" in between my gags.

Then he thrust it deep and yelled "Yes! Take it" and I could feel stream after stream of cum hit the back of my throat. I sucked all his cum for a couple minutes before he took his cock out of my mouth and rubbed it against my face.

"You liked that, didn't you?" he asked. 

"Yes," I said with a big grin as I felt his hard wet cock rub against my cheek.

"Good, so did they," he said.

I suddenly opened my eyes and looked over. The blinds were open! It was hard to see in the dark, but it looked like several guys, if not all of them, were gathered around the window looking in! I was shocked. I was horrified. I was naked on my knees. I had just sucked a cock in front of a room full of people, and I didn't know what to do.

He grabbed my hair and looked me in the eye. 

"You liked them watching, didn't you? You liked entertaining them like the whore are?"

My shock wore off and I remembered I belonged to my Master. If he wanted others to watch as he used me then that was part of my purpose as his slave. Suddenly I realized that I was very turned on by the exhibitionism. I felt more in my Master's power than ever before.

"Yes! I loved it!" I yelled back.

He then pulled my head down so my eyes were on his still hard cock.

"Good. I command you to let them use you like I do."

"What?" I was shocked my Master would give me to others, much less complete strangers. 

"If you want my cock, you'll do it. You'll let them use you. We agreed you'd do whatever I want didn't we, slave?"

As I looked at his cock all my hesitation and fear faded. I was his. His to use. His to abuse. His to give away. I was his slave and now, at his command, I was the whore of every man in that room.

"Yes, Master!" I screamed.

I glanced up and saw him smile as he opened the door. 

"Stay on your knees!" he commanded as he dragged me out by my hair. I crawled on my hands and knees him beside like I was his pet. All the guys in the theater were looking at me in wide eyed amazement.

Up close I could see the light catching the bulges in their pants. Some had their hands on the crotch, rubbing their erection. I wanted them all. All in my mouth.

I heard gagging noises from the movie. I think it had moved on to another throat fucking scene with another girl but I couldn't see it through the men, nor did I want to. 

"This is my slave," my Master declared. "And he wanted to suck all of you at once."

Anxiously belts were unbuckled, flies were unzipped, and some even threw off their pants and clothes. Immediately three men walked up to me, their naked cocks hanging just inches from my face as I kneeled there, naked at the back of the theater. My Master let go of my hair.

"Suck them!" he commanded.

I devoured the first one on my left, my warm hungry mouth took the length of it in. I could feel it growing inside my mouth, getting harder. I bobbed back and forth on it wildly. It wasn't quite as big or wide as my Master's cock, but I sucked it with abandon none the less. 

I then felt the next cock rubbing against my right cheek, anxious to feel my hungry mouth on it. I was only too happy to oblige. I pulled back letting the first cock, which was now rock hard, out of my mouth with a trail of saliva going from it to my lips. I wrapped my hand around firmly around that wet, hard cock and stroked it as I consumed the next one. It was shorter but fatter. I took it all the way and stuck out my tongue so I could taste his balls. I sucked him, his thick cock slowly filling my mouth as I wildly stroked the first guy. As I worked the second guy's newly hard cock with my warm hungry mouth, I felt another cock on top of my head!

The third guy had laid his long cock on my head. It much longer than the other two, which I now both had in my hands as I slowly tilted my back so my face was rubbing the third guy's long, narrow cock. I licked down up the bottom of his shaft as I pulled back. I could hear him moan and felt him shake a little. Then I slowly began to take the long semi hard cock into my mouth. Slowly my lips devoured the shaft. Then suddenly I felt my Master's strong hand grab the back of my head and shove me all the way down. I gagged on the long length of the cock as I heard the third man groan. My Master held me there as I chocked on the massive cock until he finally let me up for air. 

The guys took a hint and took turns grabbing my head and shoving their cocks down my throat. I had a hard time even keeping track of which cock was which as my head was pulled between them and then shoved on to their cock for a merciless facefucking. Drool was streaming out my mouth. I gagged over and over. They just kept using me. It was wonderful.

As they did this my Master slapped my ass hard a couple times. The tinges of pain further turned me on. He roughly fondled my ass and I felt something wet working it's way into my ass. I'd seen enough porn to know he was fingering my ass with lube. It felt wonderful. I groaned with pleasure as the cocks filled my mouth. I could feel a second finger go in and then a third.

"Mmmm" I groaned with a cock in my mouth.

"You like feeling me inside you, don't you slave?" my Master asked.

"Mmmm" was the only response I could give.

He grabbed my hair and pulled me back from their cocks. I was panting, but barely had time to catch my breath before he pulled me to my feet.

"Enough foreplay!" he exclaimed as he walked me forward a couple steps towards the back of an empty love seat and bent my body over the top of it. He held my head down by the hair, the top of the love seat was pushing against my stomach and I could feel his hard cock rub against my ass.

"You want to me to fuck you, don't you fagot?!" 

I was turned on and scared at the time. I'd never had a cock in my ass before but at the moment I really, really wanted it. I couldn't resist.

"Take me, make me yours!"

And with that he pushed his hard dick in my lubed up hole, forcing himself in me firmly, but slowly. I screamed from the sheer size of the cock that was entering me. It hurt but turned me on at the same time. He pushed it deeper into me. 

"You like that don't you?"

"Yes," I tried to get out between my groans. Even in the midst of pain, I wasn't lying. My cock was rock hard, As I felt him get deeper and deeper in, my submission to him was becoming even more total. I was his slave. To use. To fuck. To violate. I belonged completely and totally to him. 

I could feel him moving his cock inside me, back and forth. Slowly at first. And then hard and faster. After a bit, the pain lessened and it started to feel good. I was enjoying having his hard dick ram my ass.. 

"Fuck me!" I yelled back to him.

"Take it, take my cock, slave!" He yelled jamming it harder into me as I yelled in pain and pleasure. My cock was so hard. As I was getting used to the cock pumping inside me, I noticed the guys I gave blow jobs to were stroking their dicks close to my face. 

As I moved to my Master's gyrations, being fucked like the whore I was, I wanted to complete the scene. I needed to take two men at once. I looked up at one of the guys and gave him a look of pure desire and hissed out "Give it to me!" between my groans.

He put his hard cock up to my lips and I devoured it. I could feel him pushing his cock deep into my throat as my Master's cock pushed deep into my ass. I choked on his cock. He fucked my mouth. I was gagging, choking, drooling all over the place as my Master fucked me.

Then I heard my Master yell and felt stream after stream of warm wet cum shoot into my ass. It was too much for the guy that I was sucking and he sprayed cum into my throat. I was getting cum down my throat and my ass. It was incredible. I sucked the guy's last drops of cum as my Master pulled out and wiped his last little bit of cum on my ass, marking it as his. 

I just stayed there bent over the couch, using my hands to support my myself as I tried to recover from what had just happened. I panted, exhausted, but feeling good.

"It's not over bitch. Not until ever man in this place cums in you," my Master said.

I was surprised. I thought it was over. I barely had time to think about it when I felt another cock in my ass. I moaned and another guy grabbed by head and thrust his dick into my mouth. 

I moaned as they fucked my face and ass. I could hear my Master laugh, He was enjoying the show. Then I felt another cock slapping the side of my face It was heavy and bigger than all the others. I opened my eyes and saw it was the black guy's cock. He was now naked and had his cock in his hand. It was every bit as big as I thought it was. It was thick and much longer than anyone else's in the room. The guy I was sucking pulled out and let the black guy put it in my mouth. He pushed it in as far as it'd go and I choked. I could only get it half way in my mouth but I tried to get more. I wanted to devour it all.

They took turns fucking my face as the third guy kept fucking me. I felt the guy in my ass him shoot his load into me, The guy I'd been sucking then circled around and started plowing away at my ass, leaving my mouth to the massive black cock, which kept thrusting itself into my mouth.

"You like being used, don't you white boy? said the black stranger.

"Mmmm hmmm" I groaned. 

I loved it. Getting used over and over. I just let him choke me repeatedly with his big black dick as the other guy pushed his cock inisde me over and over. Then I felt the cock in my ass cum. I had cum dripping out of my ass.

The black man pulled out of my mouth and he looked at me, smiled, and said, "My turn now."

He slowly slide his massive cock into my cum soaked fuck hole. I could feel him stretching me as he went deeper and deeper. I groaned. It was so massive. The he began to fuck me, moving back forth inside me. Once I got adjusted to it and started to enjoy the large dick that was inside me, I looked around for another cock to suck.

My Master was standing there watching. Everyone else had cum in me and left, except for the old man. He was leaning on top of a love seat watching me while playing with himself. I motioned to him to come over. He did. 

His cock was moderate sized and still not hard. I took into my mouth and felt it start to stiffen. He groaned. I sucked it a little and then let it out of my mouth. 

I looked up at him and said, "Use me."

He then shoved his now hard cock back into my mouth and went nuts facefucking me. He thrust himself into my mouth wildly. I think it turned on the black guy cause he started pounding me harder til he came in my ass with a mighty groan.

The old man pulled out and put his cock on my cheek and stroked it until he shot cum down my cheek. He quickly zipped up and left leaving me with cum dripping down my cheek and out of my ass.

Then my Master came up to me and shoved his hard cock in my face, stroking it fiercely. I took his balls into my mouth and sucked them.

"Do you like that? Did you like being their whore?" 

"Mmm hmmm" I moaned sucking his balls.

He then grabbed my hair and held me with his hard dick right in front of my face.

"But you still belong to this! I am your master."

"Yes Master. I am their whore but I'm your slave. I belong to you. I live to be used by you."

"Good," he said as he shot his cum unto me. It plastered my forehead and dripped down my face. It was a perfect ending. He'd turned me into a porn movie slut and I loved it. After he moved away, I could finally see the movie screen and their was an Asian woman choking on a cock. 

"Amateur," I said with a smirk as cum oozed down my face. 

I grabbed one of the paper towel rolls that were lying around on the love seats and cleaned up. But as I was wiping Master told me to stop. He was wanted me to leave some cum on my face as his mark. I obeyed and put on my clothes. 

He left the store first. And then I walked out, my face was glistening with a thin mask of still moist cum. I'm not sure anyone glanced at me or even knew why my face was wet, but I knew and I couldn't have been prouder to be my Master's theater whore.