 *****

Zak's P.O.V

*****

Michael obviously wanted to talk to me concerning Santiago but was hesitant with Oscar here. I moved away from Oscar's embrace and instead took his hand. I caught the gaze of my guards and nodded to them. They walked forwards, and I turned back to Oscar.

"I need to speak with Michael, follow the guards they will take you back to the bedroom. I will meet you there" I said smiling at him.

He nodded stiffly then walked away and was forced to let go of my hand. I watched him walk away and had a sudden urge to follow. I pushed the feeling away and looked back at Michael. 

He grinned widely and began to speak once Oscar had turned the corner.

"An interesting choice of mate, I have not seen a Fae in over 60 years. It makes me wonder though.

How did you meet him?" Michael asked interested.

"I went to his school, posing as a student. When I saw him, I felt the attraction even before I inhaled his scent. I don't know why I went to that school specifically, it just caught my attention for some reason." I said .

"Oh come, come, Zachariah, you don't have to hide it from me. We both know what this is" Michael said grinning slightly.

I lowered my head and smiled knowingly, Michael was talking about my mate. Oscar may not have consciously meant to, but he had called me to him. His blood sang for mine, drawing me to him. It was the way of the Fae; their mates are fated. It had taken me less than a second to work this out as soon as I knew he was Fae.

They are inevitably and inexplicably drawn to each other. Who knew, a Fae would become my mate. I was the most dangerous thing for him to be fated to. It explained everything about him, the draw he had on me. The effect his blood had had on my thirst too, I had to feed more often to keep my urges in check. I knew he was my mate, but did Oscar? 

His Fae side may have called me to him, but consciously he had no idea. The two of us were linked. I just hoped that he wouldn't see our bond as the reason for his feelings towards me. I raised my head and looked up at Michael. He was smiling widely at me and rushed forward to hug me. I moved my arms lightly to his back and he laughed. 

"I am happy for you. You should consider yourself lucky that it is a Fae who found you. You are destined to be together, I hope someday soon to find my own mate. I wish you the best my nephew."

Michael stepped back and bowed jokingly before turning and walking away. I smiled lightly then sullenly walked towards my throne room. Valeria was standing outside, and she bowed lightly to me.

I waved my hand and she began to speak.

"Your Majesty I wish to apologize for my previous behaviour. I have not had, what you would call, a pleasant encounter with the Fae" She said regretfully.

"You will not touch him, is that clear?" I asked authoritatively.

She bowed her head and replied.

"Of course, my king." 

I waved my hand and she turned away slowly retreating from my presence. I turned myself and walked back up the staircase towards my bedroom. I lightly trailed a hand along the mahogany wood and inhaled. I sighed as my senses picked up Oscars scent. Strong and sweet in the hallway.

It was going to be difficult to keep him away from prying eyes or noses for that matter.

I turned onto my corridor to see my two guards standing on either side of the door. Their fangs were dropped and their eyes showing hints of black around the edges. They were Victor and Heig, easily over six and a half foot each with bulging muscles and rings of my office on their right hands. The rune Algiz marking them as my court.

"Leave us." I said quietly as I approached the door.

They bowed their heads and struck their breast with a fist before walking off down the corridor.

I opened the door slowly and stepped inside. Oscar was lying on the bed facing me, his grey t-shirt gone. Giving me a tantalising view of his bare chest, which was now more muscular than before.

Not overly muscled but nicely defined. I half stopped and turned back slightly to the open door.

"Dún." I heard Oscar say and the door swung shut behind me.

"I take it you have picked up a little practice then." I said looking at him.

"Enough, to do this." he said wiggling his eyebrows.

He spoke again, and his words flowed off his tongue life water in a stream. 

"Faoi ghlas." he said waving his hand towards the door, I heard a clunk and guessed the door was now locked. But he wasn't done yet.

"Séala dúinn I." I shivered slightly as a wisp of magic tickled over my skin. I quickly translated and smiled. He had sealed us in, alone. No interruptions. He made sure of that when he continued.

"Linn a chosaint ó ionsá." He said again his hand again waving through the air. Now we couldn't be interrupted not until Oscar lifted the spell. Finally, he was mine, alone.

He reached up and lightly trailed a hand down his chest teasingly. I walked closer to the bed and pulled off my white top and placed a knee on the bed. I reached out and trailed a hand across his shoulder. I moved as fast as I could and pressed him back into the bed and straddled his hips. I rested my hands on his shoulders and looked down at his face. His hair was now a lighter shade closer to ginger than before, and his eyes now closer to blue.

I moved a hand up to his face and ran the back of my hand down his cheek. He sighed slightly and before his eyes surged and he quickly flipped us over. His hand moved behind my knee and he hooked my leg around his hip. 

He pulled our bodies closer together and he leaned down and slowly his lips drew closer to mine. He slowly pressed his lips against mine and I melted into the kiss. His hands moved to my back and he tugged our chest closer together without breaking the kiss. I heard his heart quicken and felt his cock harden against my thigh. 

I moved my hands to his back and tugged his closer against my body. My tongue traced the seam of his lips and he opened his mouth and accepted my tongue into his mouth. He was so warm against my flesh and I trailed my hands down his back. However, I was getting a little too turned on. And I felt my fangs drop quickly. Oscar pulled back slightly and stared down at me looking at my fangs. 

I froze up slightly, the last time I had fed from Oscar his blood was still masked with magic. Now he was pure, his blood smelled sweeter than ever and I didn't know if I would be able to stop. Oscar leaned down slightly, and his tongue ran up one of my fangs. I focused on them and they slowly ascended back into my gums, much to Oscar's disappointment. 

"Let them drop again, bite me like you did before." He said leaning down to whisper in my ear. 

"I don't know if I will be able to stop." I moaned back.

His hips had begun to slowly gyrate in small circles rubbing our cocks together through our layers of clothing. My eyes rolled back slightly, and I felt my restraint quiver.

"What?" he said teasingly "Don't you like me anymore?"

"I might hurt you, I don't want to risk that." I whispered slowly.

Oscar's hand slowly ran up my leg and proceeded to pull our bodies closer together. I groaned again and felt my fangs drop against my consent. 

"There they are." he said teasingly and leaning he pressed our lips together. I returned the kiss and met his tongue with mine and my hands roamed up his back. Tugging his body closer against mine I ground my hips in a slow circle. Oscar moaned lightly into my lips before breaking away and moved his lips down to my neck. His teeth lightly grazed over the vein in my neck and I felt a growl slowly build in my chest.

"Either bite me or I will." he said seductively in my ear.

"Hmm what a choice." I parried back running my hands up his bare back.

His teeth quickly broke through the skin of my neck and I cried out as pleasure coursed through me. He groaned quietly as my blood flowed into his mouth and my hands clawed down his back. I bucked my hips and crushed him closer against my body.

He pulled my blood into his body, moaning all the while. A few seconds later though he pulled away much to my own displeasure. As soon as he pulled away from my neck the wound began to heal, and Oscar pressed his lips back to mine.

I tasted my own blood on his lips and felt my hunger surge slightly after Oscars feeding. My fangs were still down, and Oscars tongue slowly trailed up one. 

"Bite me." Oscar whispered slowly, before kissing me again.

"I don't know if I could stop." I muttered back running my hands slowly up his spine.

"I trust you, and I want this." he said slowly pulling my lips back to his.

I flipped us over so that I was on top and saw him grin widely before pulling my head slowly down to his neck. His pulse thrummed beneath the vein and I slowly pressed my lips to his flesh. 

No matter how many blood bags you feed on, no matter how good the blood in them, nothing, nothing truly compares to feeding from the vein. The thrum of the pulse beneath your lips, the warmth of their flesh against yours. 

I pulled back my lips and allowed my fangs to drag gently against his skin before slowly piercing into the thick vein. His sweet blood flowed into my mouth and I growled loudly. His blood was incredible, so much power. It tasted of strength and power with a hint of spice thrown in. I was right to be afraid I might over feed. His blood was so potent and caused uncontrollable desire and arousal to flood my body. My cock strained away from my body although constrained through layers of fabric, I moaned as Oscar slowly ground his cock against mine.

He had gasped and moaned loudly as my fangs pierced his neck. His left hand had clamped down on the back of my head. His right however had trailed down my spine stopping once he reached the waistband of my boxers. Unfortunately, my trousers were still on, but that didn't stop Oscar for long.

"Cuimilt fabraice" he stuttered between moans, and he tugged at the fabric gently and it quite literally fell to pieces. Leaving my boxers unprotected. Oscars hands slowly slid beneath the thin fabric and skimmed over the sensitive flesh of my arse. My control, already hanging by a mere thread, was cut when he squeezed my arse and ground even harder up against me. 

I pulled away from his neck and growled quietly. My hands moved to his shoulders and pinned him beneath me. I licked the blood off my teeth and then leaned down towards his chest. He looked up at me and I saw his eyes flash gold for a moment and I grinned before pressing my lips slowly to the hollow of his throat. 

His hands retreated from my body and I placed them above his head, silently instructing him to keep them there. I proceeded to kiss slowly down his body, savouring each inch of soft flesh that passed under my lips. His muscles were now more defined, and I kissed each of them licking away the light coating of sweat on his skin. 

I reached his waistband and reached up skimming my fingertips along the line of his boxers. I slowly allowed my fingers to drag across the fabric, feeling the hard length beneath. The thrum of his pulse was strong against my hand as I slowly moved my fingertips in teasing circles. 

His heart beat accelerated further, and I noticed a dull glimmer in his skin. I moved my hands to the top button of his jeans and slowly popped it free. My hands then moved to the zip and slowly I dragged it down. I pulled back and slowly slid his jeans down his legs and off his bare feet. 

I ran my hands up his thighs then I crawled up his body towards his face. I leaned down and pressed my lips against his. His hands came up to my back and tugged me closer against his chest further bringing our bodies into contact. He moved his hand lower down my back slipping beneath the fabric. His hands gripped my hips beneath my boxers and slowly slid them down my thighs.

My aching cock was now free, and my fangs ached to bite into Oscar again. Oscars hand slowly stroked along the skin of my hips, slowly his hand reached my dick. 

His warm hand wrapped around my shaft and I leaned down towards Oscars face. I slowly pressed my lips against Oscars. His lips moulded against mine and I felt his tongue timidly meet my own. His hand still wrapped around me he began to teasingly stroke me. I growled and pulled away from his lips and lowered mine to his throat. 

I reached down and stilled his hand. He groaned quietly, and I laughed before beginning to kiss down his chest. I reached his boxers and my hands moved to pull down his boxers.

I slowly eased them down his hips, Oscar lifting himself slightly off the bed to help me. 

His boxers slowly slid off his hips and his hard cock sprung free. I growled in approval and I licked over my fangs. I leaned forward slightly and inhaled his scent. I growled again, this time louder. His cock was easily 7.5' and thick, and I looked up at him, seeing his eyes swimming with arousal as he stared down at me. 

I leaned forward and allowed the tip of my tongue to tease the tip of his cock. He groaned, and his hips thrust forward slightly. He was oh so responsive, now this was going to be good. I surged forwards and minding my fangs swallowed him to the root. 

His back arched off the bed and his hands fisted the bed. As I pulled my head back I allowed my fangs to lightly graze the head of his cock and he jack-knifed off the bed. I pulled away and his cock twitched slightly against his short ginger pubes. 

His hands reached down and grasped the sides of my head pulling me up to his face. His lips met mine and he growled, his hands sliding down my back, the nails digging in slightly. I pressed forward slightly, and our chests and cocks met and we both growled. 

His hands reached my arse and pulled our hips closer together. His hands dug into the flesh of my arse and I growled at him baring my fangs. 

"You're playing with fire, too close and you'll get burned." I said baring my fangs my top lip curling back.

"That's exactly what I want to do... play." he said his fingers lightly scratching again, he was asking for it.

"If he wants to play..." I thought and lowered my lips to his neck and bit into his flesh, at that he screamed.

One of his hands moved up to grip the back of my head, holding me to him. His blood was intoxicating, so much strength, so much power. And all of it contained within such a frail body. 

As much as I would have wanted to feed for a long time, I knew I had to stop. 

I pulled back and looked down at Oscars eyes, glazed with pleasure. 

"Bite me." I said noticing that my bite marks on Oscar had already healed. A benefit of his Fae nature.

His teeth lightly skimmed up my neck before they broke through my skin somewhat messily and my blood was free to flow into him. I shuddered, and a groan escaped my lips and he began to take small pulls at my throat. I was still on top of him and my cock pulsed with need as I lay atop him. 

I moved my hand between us and took hold of both of our cocks in one hand. My fingers couldn't reach fully around but my hand was met by Oscars, completing the circle. Our hands moved in unison, each stroke driving us higher and higher. Each tug of blood from my body adding to my pleasure. I was growling out loud, my mind reverting to its base instincts. 

Oscars hips began to thrust upwards, so I knew he was getting close to cumming, Oscars second hand dug into the flesh at my hip. That was what drove me over the edge. I pulled my head back and roared as pleasure race through my body. My cock pulsed as my cum shot over Oscar's chest and I felt him groan against my neck. His cock jerked slightly, and his cock shot its load over him and he pulled away from my neck, my blood staining his lips. I rolled off him onto the bed and panted heavily.

"I could get used to that." Oscar said his chest heaving.

"You and me both." I said grinning slightly.

"Come here." Oscar said his right hand running lightly up my thigh.

I rolled onto my side and shifted slightly towards him. I rested my head on his chest and sighed satisfied. I knew I didn't have long to stay here, this respite from my duties could not last. But for now, I could relax.

Oscars shifted onto his side so that he was facing me and pulled me into a lying down hug. Our chests pressed against each other and I sighed at his warmth. One of his hands moved round and cupped the back of my head, lightly stroking my hair. 

My tanned skin contrasted with his paleness, accentuating every curve, every dip and every bulge on Oscars body. I smiled and sighed relaxing in his arms. 

"We don't have long in here do we?" Oscar asked.

I shook my head in a small motion. My head rested just below Oscars chin and his arms lightly stroked up my spine. 

"Bardaí titim." Oscar said snapping his fingers.

"Well I suppose we have to move now." I said grimacing slightly.

"We always have later." he said kissing the top of my head.

"I suppose." I said regretfully disentangling myself from Oscar's arms.

I moved across the room in a fraction of a second opening the door to the en-suite bathroom and turning on the shower. I returned to Oscar on the bed around some two seconds after I had left.

"Come on, we need to shower." I said taking a hold of his hand behind me. 

I tugged him across the room and into the shower behind me. We both needed to wash the blood off our bodies and Oscar also had our cum still staining his chest. I tugged him in behind me and he slipped slightly on the wet floor, but I caught him.

I steadied him, and he grinned down at me. I stepped away and under the stream of water from the shower head. The water flowed over my head and ran in little streams down my back. I sighed at the warm temperature of the water. I ran a hand up through my hair and felt Oscar step up behind me. 

His arms lightly rested on my hips and his lips lightly pressed against my shoulder and I smiled. I twisted in his arms and wrapped my own around his neck. I stepped backwards pressing my back against the wall and Oscar now stood beneath the shower head. The water fell through his hair and slid down his chest. 

Around ten minutes later I stepped out of the shower, stretching my arms above my head. I moved into the bed room and returned in a fraction of a second with two sets of clothes and two towels. Oscar stepped out of the shower a moment later, his ginger hair matted down the sides of his face. 

I picked up a towel and threw it to him. He caught it and began to pat down his body. I picked up a towel and quickly dried my hair, running my fingers through it quickly. I then proceeded to dry my legs and work my way up my body. 

I did however spare glances over at Oscar as I did so. I pulled on a pair of red boxers and a pair of blue jeans. I checked the watch on my wrist and groaned. I had around ten minutes until I was needed in the throne room. I quickly pulled on a tight white t-shirt and turned to face Oscar. He had just pulled up a pair of briefs and had turned towards me. 

"You need to go." Oscar said grimacing slightly.

I nodded giving him a small grin.

"Come here." I said, my voice level.

He stepped forward, only in briefs and I wrapped my arms around his neck. I pulled his face down slightly and leaned up to press my lips against his. His lips moulded themselves to mine and I tapped my tongue against his lips seeking entrance. He opened to me and his tongue tentatively met mine. My fangs dropped and lightly scraped his tongue, adding blood to the kiss. He didn't seem to mind, and I certainly didn't. 

The kiss soon became hungry Oscar pressing my back against the sink my body arched into his. His hands moved to my arse and lifted me up, placing me on the counter his body between my thighs. I locked my legs around his hips and pulled his body closer to mine. I pulled back and growled at him the small amounts of blood on my tongue sweet tasting. 
