 This is a work of fiction, and as such the characters are not bound by the usual dictates of modern society. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken with impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability.

I would like to thank all of you that wrote and told me how much you like the story. Keep the letters coming.

*

"Are you going out of your mind? How could you ever agree to do something like that?" Richard screamed at the top of his voice. "You're pulling my leg! You have got to be joking. Ibrahim is right; they are going to cut your throat. No! No! I won't have you shacking up with some Arab bitch, even if it is for 'God and Country'. We are one you and I, or at least I thought we were."

It was late at night and they were sitting in Richard's old bedroom out on the Island. "Can you keep it down? I don't want your mom and dad to hear or know about any of this, yet." Joseph whispered, placing his fingers over Richard's mouth. "Just listen and keep an open mind. This may turn out to be the answer to our problems. We will be able to see each other more often then we do now and since I will work in the Metro area, I will not have to go overseas. I can serve out my duty time stateside and be with you."

"Yes I see that, and that part is great, but what about HER?" 

"To tell you the truth - I don't know." Joseph admitted. "I'm not going to lie to you. From what I was able to gather, she is very charming, but you know I love you and she is just a means of getting to be with you more often. It is just like agent Barns said, some men fight for their country with a gun at their shoulder ---your gun is between your legs." 

"If I asked you not to do this..."

"Don't, please don't ask it and stop worrying it will be OK." Joseph begged. 

"But what if I were to insist! If I were to tell you that it was either give this thing up or give me up. Make a choice! What would you do?" Richard asked.

"In that case my love-----I would have to give it up. I would not do this without your blessing, Rich, darling, you mean too much to me now."

Richard grabbed Joseph in his arms and kissed him hard. His mind going over every thing his lover had told him. He told himself that Joseph could have done this without even telling him. What would I have known? We just see each other on some weekends. He could have kept all of this to himself and just lived a double life, but he chose to confide in me and not hide anything. After all it's not that he loves another man.... If I don't agree to this I might loose him. And I don't want that. It was then that Richard made his decision.

"Joseph I love you and only want you to be safe and happy. I trust you enough to know that you went over this and examined it from every possible angle and that you think you can pull it off." He said. "I'm still leery of it, but at least I'll have you within arms reach and not have to worry about you going overseas and being blown up on some street corner in some distant hell hole. My biggest worry has been that you would be killed and your body shipped back and that I would never know it. They only notify your next of kin, not your lover."

"You need not have worried about that, my love, I have had you listed as my next of kin along with my adopted parents. So they will notify you as well in any event." 

Joseph had thought of this from every possible angle. After the conversation on Monday with Agent Barns, he had called the New York office of the FBI, Tuesday and was told that Barns was legitimate and that he worked out of Newark. He then called the Philadelphia office to double check and was told the same thing, that Barns was a certified agent and they were aware and supported what he was doing. Joseph then called the Newark office and was immediately directed to Agent Barns's office where an appointment was setup to meet on Wednesday at 2 P.M. Everything was cleared with his C.O. and Agent Barns sent a car to pick him up. 

At 2 P.M. he was ushered into Barns's office where he was introduced to two other men. One of them was a Mr. Philip Jackson who was Barns's supervisor. The other man was Mr. Steward Cook, the director of the north Jersey area office. After the initial greetings they got down to business. Joseph lost track of the time as the four of them talked for hours until about 6 p.m. when they sent out for dinner and moved the meeting to a conference room in order to eat and continue to discuss the situation. The four of them sat most of the time, except when the discussion got hot and then one or two of them paced back and forth. They tried to go over every possible problem. For one solid hour they discussed the pros and cons of Joseph leaving the Army and coming to work for the FBI. It was finally decided that this would be too risky and might raise the 'Red Flag' in some quarters. For now he would continue at the school. After graduation they could and would arrange for him to be posted to the School, where he would be carried as a part time instructor on detached duty to study Arab Culture. As an instructor, if he needed a car and an off base apartment it would appear normal for him to have these. His appointment to the position would also 'appear normal' as it was expected that he would graduate as one of the top students. The continuing need for teachers of Arabic almost guaranteed that he be retained at the school, where he could train others and not waist his talent overseas. 

The main sore point and bone of contention, turned out to be the amount of control needed to 'handle' him. They discussed how closely they wanted to monitor him. He pointed out that his need for freedom of movement was vital to gaining the needed information. He insisted that he was not to be bugged or monitored in any way. He would report anything that he heard to them either in person, after setting up a meeting or if need be by phone. He would call Barns every day and by use of a catch phrase inform him if he was ok or if he had run into trouble by not using it. Above all the girl was not to be followed or interfered with. His romance with her was to be private. Again Joseph stressed that the father would be a problem. 

"You are going to have to deal with that as best you can," said one of the bosses. "You know what you have to do. We are all grown ups here and we know it is part of the culture."

"Whose culture?" Joseph asked. "Arab or American?"

"Arab culture you idiot." Philip said thinking that Joseph was fooling around.

"I didn't know that Jay Edgar Hover was an Arab." Joseph offered.

"Touche! Now that's very funny. However, I'm sure Joseph will rise to the occasion." Barns smiled and changed the subject. "Are you going to need a car?"

"I think so. Yes! I will need one. Something fast and fancy." Joseph said, his mind toying with the idea of a fast sports car.

"Don't get any fancy ideas. You'll have to settle for something less conspicuous, like a second hand car with a good engine that's in passable condition. These people are not fools! You show up, out of the blue, with a new car and someone is going to add one and one and come up with two. We would not want them to smell a rat would we?"

"OK, I see your point. Can't blame a guy for trying? When is this going to start? Joseph asked.

"I think you should start as soon as you can set up a "date". At least give her a call and arrange a visit --you know - to break the ice." Said one of the bosses. 

"That's not the way it's done. Everything must go through the father. This Monday I will call the father and arrange a meeting with him. I have to formally ask his permission, perhaps negotiate and set up the "ground rules". He said. 

"Why wait till Monday?" they asked.

"Sorry but I had already planned a trip to Long Island this weekend to visit a friend and his family." He said. "And besides I need time to get adjusted to this new situation."

"Ahhhh. Who is this friend and can they be trusted?"

"First of all, that's none of your business!" he started to say, but was stopped by the questioner.

"Everything you do, and everyone you associate with from now on - is our business. We are not going to let you run around like a loose cannon. We will control your every movement."

Before Joseph could protest, Barns raised his objection... "No Philip, not this time. It is not going to be that kind of operation. We have never ever had the chance to get anyone, this close into that community. No Arab, let alone a 100 percent American, has ever penetrated as deeply as Joseph has. The reason for this is that we strangle our informers and yes, even our own agents to such an extent that they cannot function. I want Joseph to be free to do what he wants, even to the point of being completely irresponsible. Just like a 'normal' sex driven young American GI who just happened to fall into this situation. It was that behavior that got him into this situation to begin with and to change it now would tip them off and place him in more danger. He's my operative and that's the way I see it going down."

"Thank you, Bill, I really have no objection to your knowing who these people are - you just have to promise not to hassle them." Joseph stated.

"Philip, I think Bill is right on this one. It makes sense, and since I am the one that will have to report to the director... that's how it will be. Joseph you will report in to Bill and I expect reports every week or if you get something important bring it to me directly. The both of you will be careful - I don't want this messed up. Philip, lets leave them alone to work out their plan of action. Results are what I want. Until now we have not had much luck with the usual methods. Let's see what this 'fucking method' can do. If nothing else, we can chalk it off to having provided entertainment to one of our service personnel, before we ship him overseas." He said, getting up and walking over to Joseph extending his hand to him and wishing him and Bill 'Good Hunting'.

After leaving Bill's office a little after 10:30 pm, Joseph placed two calls. The first was to Richard to set up the upcoming weekend visit. Joseph had agreed to the visit after Richard had assured him that both his mother and father had been told that Joseph's homosexuality was to be kept a secret because of the Army. Once he was out of the service it could come out into the open. Richard was happy to hear that Joseph had finally decided that this weekend was going to be his first visit. He assured Joseph not to get anxious or nervous about meeting them. He rattled on and on about how much they would all like each other.

"Hey, are you sure that you are not the nervous one here. I think you are going to have kittens over this." He jested.

"Right you are! I just want it to go smoothly for the sake of all of us."

"It will, babe! Look I have to make another call before it gets too late--- Talk to you tomorrow. Love you, sleep well byeeeeeeeee."

His next call was to Fazzi Muhammad, the father of Kasemah the lovely girl he had found so appealing. He punched in his number and waited for the phone to be answered. 

"Hello, this is the Muhammad residence, how can I help you?" Answered a heavily accented male voice."

"This is Joseph Benson. I know it's late, but is Mr. Muhammad at home? I would like to speak with him."

"Nobody just calls to speak to him like this, not at this hour. What is it that you wish to talk to him about, perhaps I can help you?"

"I think not --- It is about his daughter --- If you just tell him my name --- Joseph Benson, I'm sure he will want to come to the phone."

After a few seconds, "Yussef, 'Kyf Halk,' how are you? A voice asked. "Fazzi here. It is so nice to hear your voice - at last. I was beginning to wonder what had happened to you. Did you forget about us?"

"A thousand apologies to you, your family and your daughter. What can I tell you? I have been working so hard that I have had very little time to myself. However both you and your daughter have not been far from my thoughts. Can you find it in your heart to forgive me?"

"But of cause I forgive you. When one is young and how you Americans say it, hot, like you--- OHHHHh youth is so wasted on young people." He said trying to sound like a modern man. "But tell me, when are we going to see you again? Both my daughter and I have looked forward to your coming to call."

Thinking quickly, Joseph responded, "I would have contacted you earlier, but I have no easy way of coming to Paterson. It is such a hassle to have to go into New York first and then take a bus to Paterson. With the bus schedules so uncoordinated I think it would be faster if I walked there from here. I have been looking around for a cheep car to buy. Once I have a car I will be able to drive up there almost everyday after work. Then I can really get to know you and your family and court your lovely daughter the way she should be courted. As much as I would like it to be sooner it looks like that will take a week or two." And then in a saddened voice added, "Maybe the weekend after this coming one."

"Is transportation the only problem you have?"

"Well aside from a visit to relatives of a friend on Long Island this weekend, I have no other commitments." Joseph told him.

"What time do you finish school during the week?"

"I'm off from 1600 hours till 0900 hours the next morning, why do you ask?"

"Well let's see, -- from your base it takes about an hour and half to get to Paterson by car, is that right?"

"Yes I should think so." Joseph informed him.

"I was just thinking," he said. "I can send a car and driver down there to pick you up and bring you back here. You can have dinner with my family and me and we can have our "talk" and then perhaps you could visit with Kasemah. You can spend the night in our Guest house and the driver will drop you at the base in the morning. How does that sound, Yussef?"

"That's most kind of you - are you sure it would be no trouble or a problem. 

"None whatever, only too glad to do it. I would however suggest one thing. You pack the clothes that you will need for class on Tuesday morning. That way you will be ready and able to go right to class. I know how rough teachers can be with late students. Mine used to take a strap to my backside."

"Well here in the army I would most likely draw a kitchen police detail for punishment. However, that suggestion of yours sounds wonderful, and should save my backside! How does this Monday evening sound? Will that be good with you?" Joseph inquired.

"Yes that is good, Monday night it is then. Give me all the directions about where to pick you up and I'll make all the arrangements tomorrow." Fazzi said.

After giving him the information and making sure he had it right, Joseph said, "One thing more. Would you permit me to speak to your daughter now? I would like to reassure her that I have not forgotten her or her beautiful eyes. They have been in all my dreams."

"I'm sure she would love to hear that, but it is past her bedtime and she is preparing for bed now. I will convey your message and I'm sure she misses seeing your blue eyes, perhaps even as much as I do. 'Mesaa El Kair' good evening Yussef, Till Monday then.

Saturday afternoon, after barracks inspection, Joseph had taken a bus into the city where he met Richard and the two of them had taken a train to the Long Island home of Richard's parents. They had been so nice and accommodating. His father had started a Bar-b-Cue and was cooking all kinds of goodies. His mother busied herself making them drinks while they sat on the back porch deck enjoying the cool September day. Rich and Joseph were sitting in the porch swing holding hands and rocking back and forth, looking out at the clean white sand of the shoreline. His mother handed them each a Seven and Seven and they all became comfortable with each other. Richard told his parents how they had met; naturally leaving out some of the details, and Joseph answered their questions. Once more he and Rich stressed the importance of keeping their private lives secret. Richard's parents assured both of them that as far as anyone else was concerned, Richard and Joseph were just good friends. After eating, they decided to go for a walk on the beach to watch the sun go down. Joseph insisted that Richard's mom and dad join them. Leaving their shoes behind, barefooted, the four of them walked for what seamed like hours enjoying the cool sand filtering through their toes as they playfully splashed each other and dodged the water lapping up on the beach. About 11 p.m. Richard Senior took his wife back to the house leaving the two lovers alone on the beach. 

"They are really great people. I love them. They made me feel like I was their son." Joseph whispered to his lover as they headed back toward the house. "We better get to bed also, but first I have some news to tell you. It might even cause our first real fight."

"It will keep till we are in bed. If we are ever going to have a fight I want it to be in bed. That way we can make-up by having hot wild sex afterward." He jested.

And so it was after they were alone sitting in Richard's old bedroom that Joseph told him about his trip into Paterson. Rich, at first was angry, confused and hurt, but after ranting and raving a bit, he came to accept the situation and to see the possibilities. 

"Now that we have had our 'fight', is it time for the making-up part yet?" Richard asked.

"You bet your sweet ass it is," Joseph said as he reached out and pulled Richard to himself kissing him deeply. His hands roamed over the body of his lover as his lips followed his fingers. Kissing and licking and taking little love bites. Both of them were gasping and moaning. "God you taste wonderful. I could feed on you 24/7. That 'Old Spice' cologne of yours drives me wild. Grrrrrr. You know that for a long time after that first weekend we spent together, every time I thought of you, that odor flooded back into my brain."

"Glad you like it baby, I wore it just for you. Are you feeling horny?" Richard asked, as he started to remove Joseph's clothes, piece by piece. He knew the answer already because his fingers brushed against Joseph's cock, which was as hard as, steel and was already leaking precum. Richard's fingers became covered with the nectar that covered Joseph's cock head and he placed his fingers against Joseph's lips. Joseph sucked them in, licking the precious fluid off of them. Then Richard took a taste for himself, smearing the stickiness around his own lips and then pressing them against Joseph's. Joseph ran his tongue over Richard's lips and let his own pre-cum scented saliva flow into Richard's eager mouth.

Richard took Joseph's hands in his and guided him toward the bed. Joseph, lying down naked on the bed pulled a pillow under his ass, drew his legs up and spread them wide. "Take me baby," he whispered. 

"Oh Babe, I love you so much," Richard whispered to him and striping himself naked he reached into the night table drawer, and removed the lube and condoms he had stored there. Joseph taking two condoms placed one quickly on his own cock and then very slowly and seductively unrolled the other onto Richard's hard cock. Richard taking the lube applied some to his condom covered fuck stick. Lifting Joseph's legs onto his own shoulders he positioned his body so that his cock was pressing against Joseph's waiting pulsating man pussy. 

Joseph shuddered as he slowly became fully impaled. He felt Richard's cock move steadily but slowly into him until he could feel the weight of his lover's hairy balls on his ass. "Aawww. Oh, baby," he groaned, reaching up and running his fingers through Richard's chest hair, searching out and finding the hardened nipples that erupted like mountain peaks above a dark forest. He touched them, lightly scratching them with his nails, then ran the tips of his fingers around the nipples circling them. Richard shuttered and moaned as Joseph pinched and grabbed the hard, erect points at the same moment as he squeezed Richard's hard cock with the muscles of his ass. Richard gave a shuddering moan and began to 'long dick' his partner slowly.
