 This is a work of fiction, and as such the characters are not bound by the usual dictates of modern society. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken with impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily. 

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

I would like to thank all of you that wrote and told me how much you like the story so far. Keep the letters coming.

The end of Chapter #17

Joseph slammed his cock in once, twice, and then...exploded with an erotic growl while he unloaded himself in a flood of cummmm into the condom. Just as the first salvo blasted, Fazzi began soaking the expensive bedcovers with his own passion juice. And with each successive eruption his ass muscles milked Joseph's cock more and more... 

Chapter #18

Joseph lay exhausted on top of Fazzi, his cock slowly softening and finally popping out. The Arab was in a state of sublime rapture. He was almost comatose, unable to move or do anything except breath heavily. Joseph rolled himself off Fazzi and lay beside him. Fazzi lying on his belly, his face down, while the soldier was on his back, staring blankly up at the ceiling. Fazzi opened his eyes and looked over to Joseph, smiled and said, "Are you OK?"

"Yes. Why do you ask?" Joseph inquired. "I'm fine. What about you? Did I hurt you? I did not mean to be so rough. I just lost control and got carried away."

"I am fine, better than I have been in many years. Perhaps better than I have ever been. God that was wonderful, I have never felt this way before-not even with my first lover." He moved his face over to Joseph's and kissed him. "I do not know if we will be able to have this bed coverlet cleaned. We might even have to replace it, but it was worth it."

Joseph kissed him back and said, "I'm sorry about the cover. You are going to think this is a stupid idea, but maybe we should frame it and hang it as a reminder of our first love session. Perhaps I should show it to the men of the village to prove that we consummated our union by making you orgasm. You know, sort of a variation on the custom where the relatives of the bride parade the bloodied wedding night sheets before the village to prove the bride was a virgin."

"Habibi, I am not a virgin. I have not hidden the fact that I have had many, many men as well as women in my bed. You know that I lost my virginity at a very early age. However, today, I felt like all that happened to another person and that I was reborn a virgin again. The old Fazzi no longer exists. I never felt like this. Not even the first time." Fazzi said with tears in his eyes, "and in all honesty I am telling you that I now realize that you are the only one that I have ever loved. I know that you may not feel that way about me now, but I hope someday to make you love me as much as I love you."

"Why do you say that, Habibi? Why do you question my feelings for you now? If you loved me as much as you say you do, you would not have any reason to distrust my commitment to you. Have I given you any reason to doubt my feelings for you?" 

"No, absolutely nothing at all." He said running his fingers up, down and across Joseph's chest and arms placing little kisses in their wake. "It is just that I am the first man lover you have ever had. You are really inexperienced and have not had the pleasure of loving or being loved by a man. Yussef, my love, do you realize that this is the first time that you did not leave our love making and run to the bathroom in order to throw-up."

"Yes, I realized that." He said as he again kissed the man beside him. "Perhaps it is because I have finally come to face who and what I am."

"And what is that, Habibi?" Fazzi asked.

"A dirty young homosexual faggot, hopelessly in love with an older man!" he lied or thought he was lying.

"Is that so bad?"

"At this point I'm not sure if it is or not. I need time to get used to this. You must remember that I have been programmed to believe that what we just did is a mortal sin. One for which there is absolutely no forgiveness. In the life to come, I will burn in Hell. And this is to say nothing about what could happen, in this life, if the army was to find out. It will ruin any career I might have hoped to have there. However, this feels too good to be bad and at this point I really don't care. In spite of all that I have been brought up to believe from my childhood on, I still cannot stop myself from finding pleasure in the act or in you. This pleasure means more to me than the army, my country or my soul and all I can say is that I'm hopelessly in love with you." Joseph smiled as he got out of the bed and went into the bathroom, leaving the door open, he removed the condom and washed himself off. He returned with a warm wet washcloth to clean Fazzi off. "See my stomach is fine, no heaving, in fact, to prove it, I think it would be a great idea if you were to call the cook and tell her to prepare a good meal for us.... I'm famished. During super we can plan our day tomorrow. I hope you do not have to go into work."

"I can see that your whole attitude has changed and for the better. I know that this is just the beginning of a wonderful time for the both of us. A time of love and discovery, one perhaps filled with pitfalls, but one we will travel together." Fazzi said, "As far as working tomorrow, no whatever work I may have, can be put off till Saturday when you will be gone. I will hate to see you leave, but I must have some time to devote to business. If you were to live here full time I would never get to work. It is good that, for now anyway, you have your career and I have mine. The only thing I have arranged is just a session with a tailor for the late morning tomorrow. Then we are free until that meeting with Worthington in the late afternoon. The rest of the time is ours to do with what we want."

"And how do you suggest we spend that free time?" the soldier jested.

"I was thinking of asking that dancer, Dina, to come to the house for a private performance tomorrow evening, after the meeting. Just for the two of us-a private erotic warm-up session, but I don't think you need any "warming-up." He laughed. "You seem to be able to perform without any aphrodisiacs. You, my young Christian Crusader lover, are the male reincarnation of that Greek goddess, Aphrodite," he said lifting the phone and calling down to cook telling her to prepare the evening meal.

They cleaned up and went down to eat. On the way there Fazzi told Joseph to go on to the dinning room by himself while he stopped to give some last minute instructions to his chauffer-valet about what he would need for Worthington's meeting the next day. He rejoined Joseph at the table, where the cook set before them a feast, which Joseph ate like a pig.

"Mmmm, this is delicious." Joseph said. "I see you have a new cook. Wasn't she the maid?"

"Yes she was. Mary and Kassie took the old cook with them and I promoted the maid to cook. It looks like you like her cooking."

"Yes this is great food." He said between mouthfuls. 

"Easy my love. You keep shoveling that couscous in like that and you will get as fat as a cow. I'm not too sure I would relish a fat lover on top of me." Fazzi said. "Good food should be savored, not treated like garbage to be disposed of as quickly as possible."

"You are right, but unfortunately I have become used to eating Army cooking and that slop I tend to want to get rid of quickly." Joseph said. "If it pleases you, I will try to develop my table manners more. After all we are going to live together and I do not want anything to harm that relationship.

Fazzi looked into Joseph's eyes, smiled and then said as he took Joseph's palm to his lips, "Yussef nothing is going to harm our, relationship. Anyone or anything that comes between it will be pushed aside. Just like I got rid of Kassie and Mary, it will always be just you and I-together."

"I hope you know that I have been talking to Kassie almost everyday. She tells me that both of them are doing well and she is going back to school."

"Yes I know that, I too, spoke with them and things are going well there. It costs me a fortune but this way everyone is happy except Kassie and perhaps you, habibi? Do you miss her?"

Putting down his eating utensils, Joseph reached under the table and ran his fingers along the Arab's leg between his thighs and let his hand rest on the man's basket. With his other hand he picked up his coffee cup and said, "I think you can see that, I am happy here with you. Now tell me everything that might happen at this meeting tomorrow. I want to be sure that there are no surprises or anything that would embarrass Mr. Worthington."

"Well there is one person, perhaps two, that might cause a bit of trouble. You remember that man at the meeting that did not trust 'Wall Street' types. He keeps trying to sabotage this project and I don't know what questions he might ask." Fazzi said raising his palms upwards. "I just hope Richard can think on his feet. The last thing I want is for something to get screwed up. I want us to earn a lot of money. That money is needed very badly right now. Most of the funds from our so-called Arab brethren in the oil rich countries have been cut off from those poor souls in Palestine and this money will be used to fund schools and hospitals and other social services that are almost nonexistent now."

"Why invite him then. Would it not be better to just have him disappear for the evening? 

"That would be the bullies way. That would be doing things the old way. I want this done the American way. If we are going to invest in America we will have to start thinking and acting like Americans. Besides, in case something goes wrong and we loose money, I do not want to have 'an I told you so' guy throwing it in my face. It will be fun to see if Richard can handle him. In any event I can always arrange to have him 'disappear' later." He said with that understated smirk that Joseph knew meant that he was not really joking. For a few seconds he reminded the soldier of Marlon Brando playing the Godfather. Joseph sat drinking his coffee and wondered if he really was joking or not. He got the impression that Fazzi enjoyed seeing people tested and perhaps seeing them twist and squirm as he thrust them up on a big bar-be-cue spit. Maybe even burn a little as he threw another log on the fire as he turned the handle himself. They finished their dinner and made their plans for tomorrow and Friday. 

A while later Joseph excused himself and said he wanted to finish his unpacking. He made his way to his room and put his things away. He was just finishing unpacking the last of his possessions and was looking for a place to store the pistol that Barns had issued him, when Fazzi knocked on the connecting door. "Do you mind if I come in?" Fazzi asked opening the door and peeking in.

Quickly slipping the gun back into his overnight case and closing the lid of his luggage he called out, "No come on in. Why do you knock and ask? I have nothing to hide from you. I told you I want us to be 'as one being'. We have to learn to trust each other."

"Yussef, it has nothing to do with trust. It has to do with privacy; this is your private space. I want you to feel that this room is your sanctuary and you have the right to be alone if you want to be. I will never enter here without asking first."

"That is one thing more that I will have to get used to. In the army there is no such thing as privacy. I will have to try to remember to knock when I enter your bedroom." Joseph said. "However, you do realize that having to knock has just remove some of the love making scenarios I had fantasized about. I had planned on sneaking up on you in the shower and......"

Laughing almost to the point of having tears in his eyes, Fazzi said, "well, in that case, I have the perfect solution, let us declare the bathroom as neutral territory. Speaking of which I think I'm going to get ready for bed now. We have a big day tomorrow and I think a good night's sleep will do us both a world of good. 

"Will you be wanting me to sleep alone in my room tonight?" Joseph asked dolefully. "If a good nights sleep is what you want perhaps we should sleep apart?"

"Yussef, darling, you can assume that I will want you in my bed with me every night from now on. I want to be able to wake up with you next to me every morning. Even if we just sleep together and nothing else." Fazzi said as he started to return to his room through the connecting bathroom. "If we do sleep apart, I will assume that we have had a lover's spat."

"Oh Fazzi, one thing more," stammered the soldier who was not too sure if Fazzi might not have seen the pistol being covered up or not. "I did a rather foolish thing that I don't think you are going to like or approve of it. But, I did it because I love you. I thought it was a good idea at the time and I still do."

Stopping and turning around Fazzi asked, "What is that?"

"I purchased a hand gun."

"You what? Why in the world would you feel you needed to do that? We are well protected here."

"Well I know that your driver carries a gun and since there will be times when you and I would be alone in my car-I thought you might feel more at ease if you knew I could provide you with the same degree of protection that he does." He lied. "I'm a good shot and I do know how to use it. As a Sergeant I do carry a sidearm and I am licensed to carry a weapon. Besides which, who would you rather have protecting you-a paid employee or someone that loves you and is looking out for your welfare? One another reason is that that if I'm to live in Paterson there are sections of this town where I might need that gun."

"I'm glad you told me about the gun. I just wish it were not necessary for me to employ bodyguards, but it is. As long as you are careful and don't behave like a cowboy, it is OK with me." Fazzi said and smiled to himself, as he already knew about the gun. Unknown to the soldier, while they were eating, he had his chauffeur go through Joseph's belongings. The chauffeur's revelation about the gun had worried him, but now, he breathed a sigh of relief because Joseph had, on his own, told him about the gun and the reason he had it. 

"Just make sure that you secure the weapon in a safe place. Tomorrow I will have a cabinetmaker install a lock on that night table. You can keep it there." He walked over to Joseph and held him in his arms and kissed him. "I want you to know that I love you for everything you have done for me and this above all. This wanting to protect me with your life, if need be, proves to me beyond any doubt how you feel about me. I am sorry that I had any doubts about your commitment to me. I am most sorry that because of my work and lifestyle that I have placed you in danger, too. There are people out there who would like nothing better than to do me in. And now that you are going to be connected with me, they might want to take out their frustrations on you as well. It is good that I now know you are going to take precautions as well. I was going to have my bodyguard protect you as well, but now I will have him familiarize you with the security system and make you a partner in the setup. When you are discharged from the army and living here all the time, you will not only be my lover and my partner, but I will have you take over our security. Then I will be able to get rid of that idiot driver. Enough of that crap now, lets get ready for bed...I'm going to take a shower before I retire."

Joseph watched as Fazzi when through the bathroom to his own bedroom. He closed the connecting door and put away the gun and started to get ready for bed himself. Stripping down he waited until he heard the shower running and then he tip toed over to the door opened it a crack and peeked inside. The room was filled with water vapor. Through the fog he could spot Fazzi's form through the frosted shower stall door. He opened the sliding shower door a bit and peeked in... "Could you use someone to wash your back?" he asked as he stepped into the spray of the shower head. He took the washcloth and soap from Fazzi and worked up a good lather. Running the washcloth over the Arab's back from his shoulders down to his ass, his fingers moved seductively over the olive skin of the man. He marveled over how well the older man had kept himself. He spun him around so that they faced one and other and started to wash his front. Paying particular attention to his chest and nipples. The running water rinsed the soap off as he bent his head down so that his lips covered the Arab's nipple and he sucked it into his mouth. Nibbling on each hard projection then rubbing his teeth over the erect nipple he worked the cloth over the ass globes and up and down the ass slot. Moving his soapy fingers over the rosebud he started to probe and push until his finger gained entry. Fazzi began moaning, his ass humping the finger. Steadying himself against the wall he started to ride the probing digit. Joseph licked and kissed his way down to the man's belly button, his tongue tip probing the inside as his fingertip continued to work the man's backdoor. Joseph felt Fazzi's hands pressing on his head and shoulders, pushing him down until he was on his knees and his face was on the same level as his hairy balls. The smell of Fazzi's sex filled Joseph's nostrils as his nose rubbed through in the man's soaked pubic hairs and touched the skin around his cock. The smell emanating from his sex, acted as a strong love potion drawing his lips to the man's balls. His tongue reached out and touched the round pear shaped testis. He opened his mouth and his lips sucked in one of the man's balls while his finger continued to press into the asshole and rub over the love button. 

"Yes! My darling lover, YES!!" He kept shouting over and over. "PLEASE! PLEASE!" Fazzi screamed as he grabbed hold of his own cock and tried to rub it over Joseph's lips. Those lips he kept away from the cock tip. Instead ran his tongue tip up and down the shaft avoiding taking the meat into his mouth. Every time that Fazzi tried to get his cock into the soldier's mouth, he would shake his head avoiding the fuck stick. Getting to his feet and turning Fazzi around pulling the man's backside against his cock, Joseph placed his cock between Fazzi's thighs. He reached around and took his lover's rampant dick in his fingers and slowly moved his cock up and down while his own hard hot cock rubbed back and forth along that sensitive area between the Arab's balls and asshole dry-fucking him. With the shower spray cascading over their bodies, Joseph sunk his teeth into Fazzi's neck sucking on the soft tender neck skin while he jerked off the moaning, screaming man until he ejaculated all over the walls, followed by Joseph's explosion, covering the Arab's perineum with his hot cummmm.

The next morning Joseph awoke feeling Fazzi's wet throat on his cock.

"Good morning, my love. That is a nice alarm clock you have. I want to feel that every time I wake up, much nicer than that damn record of that bugler blowing that fucking revelry, we hear every morning at base."

Joseph just lay back in the big bed and enjoyed the Arab's milking him to a climax. When he was done Fazzi got up and went into the bathroom to clean up. He came out and said to Joseph, "I hope that someday you will want to wake me that way."

"Someday, maybe, but it may take a long time for me to want to do that to anyone." He lied. "I really enjoy it being done to me but as your master I can not bring myself to do it to you, yet. Can you understand that?"
