 This is a work of fiction, and as such the characters are not bound by the usual dictates of modern society. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken with impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

I would like to thank all of you that wrote and told me how much you like the story so far. Special thanks to Iain, Kai and L.D. Keep the letters coming and send in a donation to the site you are reading this on.

"Yussef, you leave me no choice!" Then after thinking about it for a few moments Fazzi said, "Well, no, that is not entirely true. There are always choices. I could just throw you out. Or I could always drug you and perhaps arrange lots of interesting things to do to you. Some of them I am sure you might find rather unpleasant." Oh boy! Have I gone too far? Joseph thought. Perhaps overplayed my hand? His mind and body moving into the alert stage, he awaited Fazzi's next statements with cold fear gripping his heart.

"However for some strange reason, one which until now I have not fully understood, I have always wanted you to come to me of your own free will. I say this is strange because--you are the first man or woman to whom that choice has ever been offered. You were right about my first love. It was just about the way you said before. When he was killed-my life ended also. Never again would I allow my heart to care for anyone. My heart hardened and I fought tooth and nail to get into a position of authority and power. It did not take me long to claw my way to the top. When I got there I found I was in a position to convince, and yes even coerced many lovers, both men and women to do my bidding. Kassie's mother was one of the first and for some stupid reason in order to cover my other activities I married her. After that, those who resisted my advances soon found that I took special pleasure in bending them to my will. There were some who I knew would never surrender. I did not waist any time on them, after all there were plenty of 'fish in the sea'. However if I still wanted them, I just drugged and raped them.

"Habibi, you really do not have to tell me all this." Joseph said. His body relaxing a bit now that he felt that the danger had passed.

"I know I do not have to, my love," Fazzi answered. "I just want you to know the truth. By the time you and I met, I guess I had just become tired and worn-out. Mary and I had not been intimate almost from the beginning. When we moved to America I found myself in this strange society, one where man/man relationships were not the norm. I was no longer the good-looking young cock parading around. There was no more fire left in me. Then, one Friday afternoon, you came to the Mosque and I spotted you. You-for some reason, you were different. Perhaps it was that when I looked at you, I saw myself 22 years before. Perhaps it was the uniform, I do not know. All I know is that you stirred something in me. I had to have you, but only as a willing partner. The days and especially the nights when we are apart, my mind pictured you taking me into your strong arms and injecting me with the elixir of youth again. All of a sudden the fire returned. It was like I was reborn. I thought of you all the time and I just had to have you. But I wanted you to come to me. Now you tell me that I must be your slave. My foolish, darling Yussef, are you a blind fool--can you not see that from the very first, I already was that? I became your slave, if not in practice-then in fact. YES! I agree and welcome you to my bed and on your terms. I am your willing sex slave, as I have been from the start. I beg you--Please make love to me, NOW!"

"No!" Joseph said, "no, not as a sex slave but as a partner. Let us try to be full partners in everything. The two of us together will be as equals, both inside your bedroom and outside it. I want us to be lovers and confidants as much as possible. Is that understood?" He knew he was really pushing it now, again perhaps too far.

Tears formed in Fazzi's eyes as he said, "I have never had anyone like that in my life. Not even my first lover. Do you really mean that you and I would be lovers, partners and share our hopes and lives together? Become one, together?" "Yes." Joseph nodded.

"That is something I never thought possible, let alone would ever have, at least not in this life. It would be like paradise on earth. It will take time to get used to, but I think I would love that. I agree, but there may be some things that for now we will not be able to share--just yet." "Yes, I realize that there may be some, but we will just have to work on resolving those things together, as they come up." Joseph said as he gathered Fazzi into his arms hugging him, relieved at last that the danger had passed, for now. He felt a new sense of power flow over himself as the once strong, mature body of the man disintegrated before his eyes. He placed his lips on Fazzi's broad, muscular shoulders and moved them back and forth planting little kisses along the way. His fingertips lightly passed over the skin of the sobbing man, leaving goose bumps in their wake. Joseph placed his open mouth on the man's neck and at first blew his hot breath over the olive colored skin. Then his lips sucked in some loose flesh. While sucking the soft neck skin into his mouth, the tip of Joseph's tongue could feel the blood pumping through a neck artery. Fighting a desire to sink his teeth into that flesh, he forced himself to be content with just tasting the saltiness of the skin. God have I sunk so low as to become a Vampire, thought Joseph as he laughed to himself. 

Deftly rearranging their bodies so that they were spooning, Joseph's arms encircled the Arab, pulling the middle-aged body against his. His lips sucked on Fazzi's ear as his fingers moved over his hairy chest playing with his nipples. Then the fingers of one hand moved down to the Arab's circumcised cock. They circled the penis and lightly squeezed it. Fazzi placed his hand on top of Joseph's hand, guiding and directing his fingers up and down the shaft. They lay there, the Arab's soft ass pressing against the strong, young, hard manhood of the soldier. Fazzi moaned and whimpered as he felt the fingers of Joseph's other hand reach down to cup and fondle his balls. At this point, unable to control himself, the Arab's piss slot started to leak copious amounts of pre-cum. Joseph's big cock was now pressing along the valley formed by the twin ass globes of the now completely subservient Arab. The American could feel his foreskin rubbing over the puckered rosebud of the 'old desert rat', who now spread his legs and reached down directing Joseph's cock so that it nested between his thighs. Fazzi ran his fingertips along Joseph's foreskin, moving it back and forth while encasing Joseph's cock in the area between his balls and ass slot.

"Oh yes Yussef, I love feeling your manhood on my ass. I want to feel it enter me, to possess me and conquer me. Yes, you were so right about my wanting to be dominated. I can see that now. I am so tired of giving the orders-I want to be the one who is loved and taken care of again. I have missed that so much. I know now, that from the first time my fingers groped that big cock of yours under the table, I wanted you to fuck me. Then when I saw it, I knew I needed your long cock deep in me. I wanted to feel that foreskin rubbing my 'hot spot'. I want you and I do not want to share you, not even with my daughter. Yes! Yes! Yes! Everything you said is true." Fazzi turned his head so that he could see the look on Joseph's face. He kissed him deeply, and said. "Fuck me, Yussef, please, I am begging you now! I need you in me." Joseph turned the Arab onto his stomach and then reached into the night table drawer. Fumbling around he found the condoms and KY Jelly he had stored there. Applying a large dab of the KY to his finger he rubbed it over Fazzi's rosebud and then pushed his finger into his ass. Plunging it past the ring he worked the finger around inside the tight hot chamber. Working the ring and inserting two fingers and then three, he continued to loosen up the love hole. Leaning over Fazzi, he whispered in his ear, "Habibi am I doing this right? I am not hurting you, am I?" "You lied to me lover! Where did you learn all this?" Fazzi moaned as Joseph continued to finger fuck his rectum. "And here I thought you were an innocent virgin that I would have to train and teach."

Joseph snickered as he continued to ream out the Arab's ass. He leaned over and lightly bit the ear of the moaning man and said to him, "Habibi, I never told you I was a virgin, much less innocent. I have had lots of women, some of whose cunts and asses I have plowed. A hole is a hole. A man's hole may be a bit tighter and need a bit more preparation. I have always used lubed condoms and to make it a bit easier, some KY jelly. Besides, since that first time together here in this bed, I somehow knew we would wind up like this. I stored the lube and condoms in the night table drawer just in case. I also did a lot of reading. I had to learn all I could because I wanted our first time together to be 'special'. Reading also convinced me that I wanted to be the 'top'." He removed his fingers and quickly rolled a condom over his shaft. He then took his cock in his hand and ran it along the slippery ass valley and over the twitching rosebud. Pressing the tip of his condom clad dick against the hot, soft yielding flesh he heard what sounded like a ripping sound...At first he had thought it was the rubber ripping, then he realized that it was not a ripping sound, but rather a buzzing sound and it was coming, not from the Arab's ass, but from the kitchen....

"Shit, what the fuck is that?" Joseph screamed in exasperation.

"Damn! It sounds like my cell phone. I must have left it in the kitchen, along with my pants." Fazzi said, "I should have shut it off. I bet it is my driver telling me he has dropped off Richard."

"Damn, forget the fucking thing. Not now when I'm about to blow your lovely ass open with my cannon. Don't answer it," Joseph said disgustedly, "every time I get a real hard on ... a phone goes off!"

"I am sorry, but I have to answer it, Habibi. At this hour it could be important. Besides if he can not get me on the cell phone, he will call the house and I do not want Mary to know we are home just yet." He said, smiling as he got off the bed and went into the kitchen. "Keep that field gun of yours loaded and ready, just do not start without me. I will be right back. I will make this as fast as possible. It should not take too long." Joseph heard him fumbling around and then opening the cell he heard him say, "hello, yes--there is a Private Benson here, please hold one minute." A naked grinning Arab returned with Joseph's cell phone in his hand. "It is your phone, not mine."

Taking the phone he said rather sharply, "Benson here." "I take it you are not alone. Just answer me, using yes or no. Do you know who this is?"

"Yes."

"Listen carefully, and don't ask questions. Are you at the apartment? Is that Fazzi with you?" Barns asked. 

"Yes."

"Are the two of you alone?" The FBI Agent asked.

Joseph sheepishly answered, "Yes."

"O.K. You are to do exactly as I say. Pack up and get the hell out of there. Now! Make the excuse you are being called back to base on alert. You have less than half an hour to get out. As soon as you are off the estate call me. Do you understand?"

"Yes sir. At once!"

"Move it! Now! And call me later. That's an order." Barns said and rang off.

"Yes captain," he said into the now dead phone as he swung his legs off the bed and ripped the condom off his softened cock. "I'm on my way now." And then he shut the phone.

"I'm sorry, it's the fucking army again." He said. Getting up and running into the bathroom while he tried to explain to the bewildered Fazzi that he had to rush back to the base. Telling him that something was up and he did not know what. Throwing the rubber into the toilet and flushing it down. He washed his hands and started to gather his stuff together. He dressed in fatigues and with Fazzi helping him; they packed the rest of his gear into his bag. 

"I apologize habibi. I just don't know how long I will be gone, but we will take up where we left off as soon as possible." He said and kissed the poor befuddled man. "I know the mood is broken and it may never be the same but you are just going to have to get used to this sort of thing if we are going to continue."

"I am very disappointed, Yussef. I can see you are as upset as me-if not more then I am. Is there any way I can perhaps give you some quick relief?"

"Thank you dear, but no, damn it, I have to get going. Again I want to apologize." Joseph said kissing him again.

"No need to apologize, if anyone should know how the military works, it is I. This alert is probably nothing important. Most likely just some idiotic general who gets his kicks out of seeing how fast he can get the troops to react. Hey, I should know. I used to do it all the time with my own men. It is one of those tools we all used to keep the troops on their toes. Now I guess Allah is paying me back," he laughed. "Just drive carefully. I need you in one piece the next time we meet."

Joseph opened the door, threw Fazzi another kiss and ran down the stairs to his car.

Fazzi hurriedly dressed himself and then returned to the main house both laughing and cursing at the same time.

Joseph drove the BMW off the estate and about a mile from the entrance he pulled over to the side of the road and put in a call to Barns. "I'm clear. What's the scoop,' he asked Barns. 

"A combination of real stupid foul-ups." Bill told him. "You were with Fazzi and Worthington tonight?"

"Yes, tonight was their first face to face meeting, and it went very well." Joseph said. "What has that got to do with my having to leave so quickly?"

"Well just as I was leaving my office, Richard called me to report on the meeting. He told me it went very well and what a great time all of you had. He even gave me a "Bump and Grind" review of your stage performance. However on the way back to his office he noticed that the Fazzi's driver was, and these are Richard's words, 'packing iron'. I had to keep from laughing as I tried to explain to him that drivers sometimes serve as bodyguards and that he was not to worry about it. Anyway since he was now safe at home and out of danger there was no need to worry and I would look into it in the morning. After I hung up I get a flash on the inter-agency radio that an 'Arab looking man' driving a limo over the George Washington Bridge was stopped, questioned and searched. They found the gun. The driver tried to tell them he had a license, but that his 'permit to carry' was left at home. On top of this they discovered some suspicious looking literature in Arabic, including what looked like maps of lower Manhattan with the street locations and some handwritten notes in Arabic. The next thing you know we have a terrorist plot to blow up the bridge as well as certain areas of lower Manhattan. After they questioned the driver and found out whom he was working for, the locals radioed us for permission to raid Fazzi's place. Knowing you must be there; I had to stall them at least until I could get your ass out of there. I have no idea how this is going to 'go down' but the one thing I knew is that I did not want you caught in any possible raid. They have just been issued a warrant and they should be there any minute now."

"Holy shit, what do we do now?"

"As they say in football, 'Fall back and punt'!" Barns joked. "I'm going in with them and will try to diminish the damage as much as I can. I'll try to make Fazzi think that the army has been called out on alert. That should take care of your ass. One thing thought, how come Fazzi answered your phone?"

"Bill-you don't really want to know that, do you? I was gathering information. One thing is for sure, I don't think I would have liked you and the police to have pounded down the door on us."

"Oh a new method of interrogation, I see," he said. "Man you are good. I want a full report on what you might have learned. For now, you get your ass back to base and I'll try to fix things up, one way or the other. I'll call you and let you know what happened. I just hope there are no other weapons or explosives on the estate. That is all we need to find there!"

On the drive back to base the soldier thought about how things were turning out. Joseph hoped that they would not find anything incriminating at the estate. He was beginning to believe and hope that the Muhammad family was really just a family of immigrants trying to grab the American Dream and make it their own. Perhaps it was because he wanted to believe that no man was capable of being the type of beast both Barns and Kassie painted him as being. Was he beginning to fall for the man? Who knew? He could hear Barns telling him over and over, be careful, Joseph, remember he was a Syrian intelligence officer and for all we know he might still be one. Damn, he was getting too emotionally involved. This was the second time that he had been forced to go home with blue balls. Poor Rich was going to get his ass raped this weekend, for sure! I better call and warn him. No, I think maybe I'll just pop in and crawl into his bed while he is asleep. Oh! Damn it, his body yearned to be spooned with Rich's. As he thought about is prospect his cock began to harden again. For now, he forced his mind to abandon these thoughts and concentrate on all the studying he had to do the rest of this week. He had tests all next week but by next Friday he should know if he had passed his exams and if he was going to graduate. He was sure he would graduate. The only question would be his standing in the class. Right now, what he needed was a good nights sleep and after parking in the school parking lot he headed to his quarters and his bed, where he blacked out as soon as his head hit the pillow.

The next morning, not waiting for the call, he placed one to Barns and was told that everything worked out OK. The driver did have a gun permit, although he had left it at home. The papers in the car proved to be directions to Worthington's office and the map was computer generated with street names in Arabic so he could read them. The Police insisted on doing a fast search anyway and questioned Fazzi about the meeting that evening and who was involved so that they could verify his story. Fazzi had been told that the incident had caused the Army to go into a standby mode. They did apologize and while they were sorry for the inconvenience, that in the future, he should see to it that the driver carried the gun permit at all times.

He then called Fazzi, who told him about the same story he had heard from Barns. "Can you imagine them thinking I was a terrorist and about to blow up the George Washington Bridge." Fazzi said. "What idiots! They came charging in here like a bunch of movie cowboys!"

"They were just doing their job." Joseph told him, trying to calm the still excited Arab down. "We are just lucky that they didn't shoot up the place first and ask questions later. Anyway, by the time I got back, we were told to forget about the alert. I guess they were embarrassed and want to keep the whole incident a secret or something."

"Yes I can see why they would want that. I guess we are lucky that someone was not shot, the way they charged into the place. If I had not been right there when they started to pound on the door they might have broke the door down. I keep thinking that if you had not left and they had burst into the room...we would both be red faced.
