 This is a work of fiction, and as such the characters are not bound by the usual dictates of modern society. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken with impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily. 

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

I would like to thank all of you that wrote and told me how much you like the story so far. Keep the letters coming and send in a donation to the site you are reading this on.

The end of Chapter 19

"I think I know you well enough to know when you are lying to me." Rich said. "Now spill it, please."

"I was just thinking about the day when you and I will be free to really make love together." Joseph said

"I thought we just did a damn good job of it here tonight! Are you telling me that you were not satisfied?"

"No nothing like that-we were great but___"

"But what?"

"I want to feel your raw cock and your seed in my body not in some latex condom."

"Believe me-I too wish that with all my heart, but you know it has to be this way, until we can both be together. Just the two of us, and only the two of us, no one else." Rich said. 

To be continued...

The Three Day Pass Chapter #20

"Wake up you two! Are you going to spend the rest of the day in bed?" The voice said.

It was Rich's mother but the voice sounded funny, almost as if it were coming from a "bitch box" on base. Opening his eyes Joseph realized that he was not on base but was in Rich's bed. He could hear him snoring softly as he lay next to him. Reaching out and shaking him until he awoke, the soldier asked him what was going on.

"Oh I forgot to tell you, but after our last visit here mom decided to install a intercom." Rich said. "She thought it would be better than banging on the door. Hold on while I answer her...."

Pressing down a button on the night table he said, "Yeah mom, what's up?"

Well Junior, It's you two that are not up! It's 10:45, I was just wondering if you were going to want breakfast, lunch or dinner served when you got up."

"Sorry mom. We overslept. If it's OK with you I think we will compromise and do a 'brunch'. We will be there at 11:30 or so." He told his mother and then asked Joseph if he could be ready by then.

"Tell your mom 11:30 will be fine," he said getting out of bed and running to the bathroom. "And tell her I'm sorry we overslept."

They shaved, showered, got dressed and quickly made their way to the breakfast nook where Rich's parents were waiting for them. 

"Sorry we overslept, it was my fault, but that bed is so comfortable, it's really a wonder I was able to get up at all." Joseph said. "It sure is a vast improvement over my army cot to say nothing about not having some son of a gun blowing reveille at 0500 hrs." Then looking at the plate of steak and eggs set before him he added, "Now that's what I call a really great improvement over Army chow. If I had know we were going to have a Texas breakfast I would have made it my business to be here at 0800 hours."

"I asked Rich what you usually liked for breakfast and it was either this or 'Eggs in a Hole'. Since you had that the last time you were here, I thought I would try this. I hope I made it right?"

Every thing was cooked just perfect and to Joseph's taste. The steak was cooked medium rare, the eggs runny and the home fries were on the brown side. He wolfed everything down. The coffee was strong but not bitter. Everything was wonderful, and both Rich and Joseph complimented Sarah.

"Well I'm sure that it's not as good as the food you had at the Cafe Casablanca, but at least here you did not have to dance for it here." Sarah joked.

"Speaking of eating and dancing, Fazzi has suggested that a party of some kind be arranged to celebrate the inauguration of the fund. He thinks it may attract even more additional investors as well as be a good public relations gimmick." Joseph said. "Besides, among the Arabs, it's a sort of cultural thing to celebrate the closing of a deal with coffee and sweets. Many times in the bazaars after a long hard bargaining session the shop owner will serve coffee and something sweet to close the deal."

"That is a great idea-however let's not do the formal thing, but rather keep it informal something like a big block party. Wait a minute, how does this hit you? Let's do an American version of that Arab custom. We can have booths, several stages and bands for entertainment. Something like those mid-eastern open bazaars. Something to bring out the population in order to get them interested and perhaps to invest." Richard senior said and smiled rather wickedly.

"Yes! And if Fazzi could get those belly dancers to perform, I'm sure that would please the population, to say nothing of you and Joseph." Sarah said and turning to Rich she added, "Your father has not stopped talking about that night yet. And I would like to see that lady and maybe have a male belly dancer as well." 

"A block gathering might not be a bad idea." Rich said. "Something on the order of that Italian Saints day festival, they hold in Little Italy every year. The one that draws thousands of people. Lots of people go and most of them are not even Italians. It could create good public relations and if there is anyone that needs good public relations these days-it's the Moslem Community."

"It's a fantastic idea. I'll talk to Fazzi and see what can be arranged." Joseph said. "You know that he expects you and Sarah to be there."

"What about Rich? Do you think it would be a good idea for him to come also?" Asked Sarah.

"He already has extended an invitation to Rich and wants to meet the actor. Joseph said "but..."

"I do not think that is such a good idea." Rich said angrily. " I don't think I could control my emotions seeing Joseph and him together. I might just blow the whole thing."

"Come now Rich. You're too good an actor not to pull it off." Joseph argued but continued, "However if you really don't want to come, I'm sure we can think up some reasonable explanation for your not being there. Just keep in mind that sooner or later the two of you are going to have to meet."

They argued about it for a while and then dropped the subject. However, when Rich and Joseph were alone later Joseph again pressed the issue. He again asked him if he could try to make the effort to meet Fazzi. "Why won't you at least come to the party? You know just put in an appearance and then leave if you feel uncomfortable." 

"I just don't want to meet the man that I happen to be sharing my lover with. This is just one more condition for my allowing this to continue. I just don't want to meet the man whose ass hole I've been kissing by proxy."

"WHAT?"

"You heard me! You plow his ass and then you use your cock to ......... Never mind, forget that I said that. I guess I'm being foolish again. Maybe I'm not as strong as I thought I was." Rich said as he broke down in tears. 

It's a little late to be bringing this up now." Joseph said.

"I know it's all my fault. I insisted you do this. But I want you to know the truth about the reason I agreed to this in the first place. It was not because I give a damn about the country or that I feel patriotic about what we are doing. No! Don't even let that idea slip into it. The fucking truth is that the only reason I am doing this is because I do not want to see you get killed overseas. It is not for some patriotic reason-hell no! It's just pure selfishness. I did not even want you to leave the US. The picture of you lying on some fucking battlefield torn to shreds or coming back to me in God knows what condition haunts me. I don't know if I could be strong enough to take that and I did not want to find out if I could."

The soldier gathered his tear-racked lover's body into his arms and pressing the rear of his head into his chest as he embraced the sobbing body to himself. 

"Rich, listen to me. I'm going to tell you the truth! Hear what I'm going to tell you for the first and last time! I'M AS GUILTY AS YOU ARE!" He said. "I don't know what I would have done if you had not agreed to this. Since meeting and falling in love with you, I have changed, hell everything has changed. I know I have always told you and everyone else that as a soldier I'm a paid killer. I believed that before and to some extent I still do. Only now there is a bit of a difference. Those same visions that plague you now haunt me. That past bravado has become bullshit-just camouflage. I don't really know what I would have done had this opportunity not come about. I tried not to think about it, but for the first time in my life-I had someone beside myself to think about. I even thought about deserting. The only thing that I would not do or even consider was leaving you. Right now, at this moment, if you say "yes" I would take you and the two of us could sneak into Canada and fuck it all! Fuck the FBI, the CIA, the army, Homeland Security and the USA. Fuck them all and everything else. In Canada we could at least get married and live a near normal life where it was just the two of us that mattered."

"You are not joking or kidding around? You are serious! You would do that for me?"

"NO, Damn it! NOT FOR YOU! YOU IDIOT! BUT FOR US!" Joseph shouted into his ear as he placed his lips on his ear and then kissed his way down to Rich's mouth. "We are a team, two of us as one. There just is no future without the two of us together. What do you say to that?"

"What can I say? Run away to paradise, it sounds wonderful. But ---we both know we are not the cut and run kind. One morning we would have to get up and look into the mirror and we might not like what we saw. You have a job to do here and so do I. I don't think either of us would like to feel that the other was the cause of..." Rich said trailing off the last thoughts as Joseph leaned in and kissed him deeply.

"We are both trapped by our loyalties and feelings as well as realities."

"I know, but it is just wonderful that we got it all out into the open. I have been carrying this around for a long time now and I'm glad I got it out. I promise to think about meeting Fazzi and I think the 'Block Party' would be a good place to do it." Rich said returning Joseph's kiss. "Now fuck the shit out of me and let's screw the world."

And they did just that --- they stayed in their room and made love the rest of the day. They just enjoyed the luxury of spending time together, holding each other and at times never saying anything to each other. In the late afternoon they returned to the city where they went out to eat and then to the theater. After the play while waiting for Rich to get into his street clothes Joseph had time to go over a copy of the play Rich was planning to do next. His reading was interrupted by a knock on the door. Getting up and opening the door he spotted a gentleman in very expensive clothes standing there with a bewildered expression on his face who said, "I'm sorry I was told this was Mr. Worthington's dressing room."

"Your information was correct. I'm a friend of his. My name is Sgt. Joseph Benson. He is getting dressed right now and should be right out. Is there anything I can do for you?" Joseph said extending his hand.

"Benson, Oh yes, His Army friend. He has mentioned you. My name is Carl Donetz. I'm the chief producer of that play that you have in your hands. My friends and I are looking to engage Rich to play in it. You wouldn't be an actor also?"

"No I'm just a friend. I'm in the army and stationed in Jersey. I had some leave time and thought I would spend it in the big city. I was just reading the play because Rich asked me to see how I liked it."

"What do you do in the army? Rich did not tell me much about you. Are you in special services?" Carl asked. "You are certainly good looking enough to be with the army special services unit as an actor."

"Well, that's a new one. I was a farmer before entering service. Now, I'm an instructor at the Army Language School. I teach Arabic and related subjects." Joseph laughed as he moved toward the bathroom door and knocked on it. "Rich there's a Mr. Donetz out here to see you."

"Oh! Tell him I'll be right out. Hello Carl, this is a pleasant surprise. Please wait, I will be out soon." He said and then asked through the door. "Is everything OK?"

"Everything is fine. You gave a very brilliant performance tonight. I think you just get better and better. I happened to be in the theater tonight with a few of the money boys. They wanted to get another look at you in action. I hope you don't mind but I mentioned that your full name was Richard Worthington, Jr." Carl said. "Being Wall Street types, they were curious to meet the son of Worthington Investments. They would like to take you out for a few drinks and some conversation."

"Well you know that I have almost nothing to do with the brokerage business of my father and besides I have a guest this evening."

"I know you are on your own, but please do me this little favor and please bring the sergeant along with you." He said turning to Joseph he asked, "You do drink, I mean, as a Mohammedan are you permitted to drink or visit a bar?"

Joseph laughed and said, "I teach Arabic and Muslim customs, I'm not a Muslim. By the way the correct term is Muslim not Mohammedan. Mohammed was the founder of Islam and his followers are Muslim or Moslems. However I do drink and if Rich feels like it I would love to come along, if you are sure you want me."

"Yes we would like to have you come with us." He said as Rich came out of the washroom. "What do you say Rich, are you in the mood to do a little Public Relations work?"

"Hell! Why not?" He asked as he finished drying his wet hair with a towel and then sat at his make-up mirror and combed it into place. "As long as you guys don't plan on sticking a poor actor with the bar bill. You want to go along, Joseph?"

"Why not? Heck on a sergeant's pay any free drinks are always welcome."

They left the dressing room and Carl guided them to a place where the two other men were waiting for them. Carl introduced them to the men and asked Rich if he knew of any suitable bars in the area. A place with a quite, private room or booth would be nice, one of them stated. We have some private business to discuss with you.

"That sounds rather ominous, but yes I just happen to know of one." Rich said. "It is not too far from here. We could walk it. It is an Irish Pub and they have good drinks and service as well as privacy." Then turning to Joseph he said, "Frank Gordon took us there once. Do you remember?"

"Yes, I remember. It was nice."

The five of them, with Rich leading the way, walked the two blocks to the bar. Carl, slipping the doorman a $50 bill asked for a private booth where they could have some privacy and they were shown to the rear of the bar where they all sat down and ordered drinks. The three producers made small talk with Rich, almost completely ignoring Joseph. They were asking him about his schooling and his father. The waiter came with the drinks and Carl asked if anyone would like something to eat and getting no response he ordered some chips, pretzels and peanuts anyway. Around the second round of drinks, one of the producers turned to Rich and said, "now for the real purpose for our wanting to talk to you Rich. As of yesterday, the word on the 'Street' is that your father is about to become the financial advisor, if not to the entire Arab world, at least to that section of it that has all of the money. It is also said that Worthington's may soon become one of the biggest bankers in the world. We would like to meet with him and discuss the possibilities of our getting in on the ground floor, so to speak. Do you think you could arrange for us to meet with the man that has convinced the Arabs to invest all that money?"

"Gentlemen, while I am on very good terms with my family, I doubt that my father would take anything I might say about investments and investors seriously. I have not had anything to do with the business since the time my father took me into his office on one of those 'Father/Son Days' and I accidentally pushed the wrong computer key and caused him to loose a hundred thousand dollars."

"But surely you could at least ask you father to meet with the three of us." Carl said taking out one of his business cards and passing it over to Rich. The other men did the same thing. "We would just like the opportunity to meet the man responsible for this fantastic business coup."

"But, gentlemen, you already have met him. He is sitting right here with us." Rich said. "Sgt. Joseph Benson is the one that was able to get this thing rolling."

All eyes turned to Joseph as he smiled back at them... "Just a case of being the right guy in the right place and at the right time." Joseph said, blushing.

"Don't be so modest." Rich said beaming proudly. "Gentlemen I give you the future partner of Worthington & Benson, when he gets out of the army and finishes his education."

"Well do tell us how did you accomplish this?" Asked all of the men talking at once.

"It's a rather long story, but I will give you the shortened version." Joseph said. "The army discovered my unusual ability to pick up languages rather quickly. They placed me in a new program, and were training me to speak Arabic. One day, while we were on leave a friend of mine and myself wandered into the Paterson Mosque. While there I met and became involved with the head of the Arab community... He asked me to his home and for some reason he took a liking to me and offered his daughter to me in marriage..." Seeing that he had the three of them sitting on the edges of their chairs, he told them that the rest of the story was unimportant. "Once the Sheikh found out that I was friendly with Rich and his father, he insisted that a meeting be arranged and the two of them plus myself developed this present operation."

The three producers sat there dumbfounded. Carl finally able to talk said, "My God what a movie or stage play that would make. If I didn't hear it from you directly, I would \not believe it. I'm not sure I believe it even now."

"Well whether you believe it or not, it is the truth. Like I said before, I just happened to be, the right guy, in the right place at the right time. That's the way The Arab/American Investment Club came about." Joseph said. "Now what is it that I can do for you?"

"Joseph, you could let us in on the ground floor. Let us in on the action!"

"I don't know if there is any 'ground floor' to be let in on, yet. In any event, for now at least, two things would prevent that. Number one; as it is set up now all the investors have to be from the Arab community. Each new member must be voted into the club. I don't know if it will remain this way or not, however if you will give me your cards and if something does come up I will be more than happy to see that your names are put forth. After all," Joseph said with a broad smile on his face, "I'm sure that Mr. Worthington and myself would be more than happy to let some business fall into the laps of the producers of Rich's next hit play. However for now the incorporation plans and by-laws of the club limits membership."

"That's rather unfair. Isn't it?" the men asked. 

"Perhaps so," the soldier continued. "But by limiting membership to Muslims, it prevents the profits from going to non-Muslim causes. And that brings us to reason #2. You see gentlemen this is basically a religious corporation whose only reason for being is to raise money for Arab Charities. The money collected will be used to purchase income-producing capitol, the profits of which will either be reinvested to produce more capitol, or will be dolled out to charities. It will operate just like all the other educational and religious endowments. Aside from small operating expenses all the profits will be turned over to selected Arab charities and causes. There will be no stock dividends as such. The investors would not want to see money being given away to rival religious groups without their approval."
