 I had hoped to end this story with Chapter #31, but so many of you have written to say that you either did not want it to end or that the way that it ended was too abrupt. I admit that it was rather cut short. I had to do that as I was in the process of moving and had little time to polish it up. Now that I have had time to reflect, (and rest a bit) I have decided to continue the story. 

As always, I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me at Joystick56@Hotmail.Com - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

I would like to thank Chris for his help in editing this chapter. It would not have been finished without his help. I would also like to thank all of you for the many letters you wrote (so far over 435) and for telling me how much you liked or hated the story so far. Keep the letters coming and send in a donation to the site you are reading this on.

This is a work of fiction, and as such the characters are not bound by the usual dictates of modern society. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken with impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily. 

The end of Chapter 31

And so the memorial service was held and went off like clockwork. A letter of sympathy was read from the President of the United States thanking Fazzi for his help and stating how much he would be missed. Everyone spoke and said such nice things about Fazzi that you would not have recognized who they were talking about. Afterwards at the house Joseph said to Rich when they were alone... "At last it is over and we can go back to living our lives." He pulled Rich to himself and kissed him and the two of them felt at ease for the first time since Joseph had started his undercover work.

"Yes --- it is done. It is over at last!"

Chapter #32

The ringing of Joseph's cell phone interrupted their kiss. "Damn these things, they always ring at the wrong times." Flipping open the cell, Joseph said, "Hello Sgt. Benson here. What can I do for you?"

"Hello Joseph. How have you been holding up? I wish I could have been there for you, but the boss thought it would be better not to have any agents there."

"I understand and I'm fine Bill," he said. "Rich has been here for the whole thing and I was just telling him that I was so glad that this finally is over with and that we can all get back to our normal lives."

"Over? Where did you get that idea? Who said anything about it being over? You better sit down my friend. It is not over, at least not yet!"

"What? What the fuck are you talking about???? The bastard is dead. That ends it!! Doesn't it?" Joseph screamed into the phone... "He is dead, isn't he??"

"Well, we are not one hundred percent sure. But even if he is dead it might not be over. In any event the president wants to see you. He has a few things he would like to discuss with you before we close out this business. He wants to meet with you and only you, alone and in secret, at his private residence in the White House A.S.A.P. I don't have to tell you that both Rich and you are under orders to keep this meeting quiet. Neither of you is to breath a word of this to anyone, not even to his father. Is that clear to the both of you?" Asked Bill. "I will be there to pick you up tomorrow at noon and the two of us will fly to D.C. Pack about two days clothes. Civilian stuff only."

"And if I choose not to go?"

"You have to be kidding. This is not a request! It is a direct order from your Commander-In-Chief. I have already cleared it with your Commanding Officer. You will be ready by 12 noon." Barns said emphasizing the word WILL.

"No you can't do this to me!"

"Sorry buddy. I not only can, but I must! I have my orders and as you know, orders are orders! Pack a small bag. DO IT! I will pick you up at noon tomorrow and you better be ready." The agent said as he hung up.

Joseph closed the cell phone and turned to Richard and said, "A direct order, what can I do?"

"You go! What else can you possibly do? As long as you are still in the army they have you by the short hairs until you are discharged. And I'll give you ten to one odds that you will jump even after that. You better get packed. Come, I'll give you a hand." Richard said as he led the way up to the master bedroom.

"I'll pack all right---we are leaving for Canada tonight. You go home and start packing we will have to use your car as mine is too well known to the FBI." Joseph said as he started to grab some clothes and shove them in a travel bag.

"Now that's really a grown up and well thought out course of action." Richard said as he sat down on the chair. "And I'm the one that is supposed to be the actor! At times you can be more theatrical than me. Cut the dramatics and the horseshit."

"What do you mean? What dramatics? What horseshit?"

"You actually think I can just leave? I can't just pull up stakes and leave. I have obligations to the play and to its investors. If I leave now, I may never get another opportunity like this. What producer would ever take the chance and hire me again? I wouldn't even get a part as a bit player, let alone as a lead actor. Hell, I would be lucky if I could get a job as the theater janitor. You can run to Canada if you want to, but not with me. No! Not now. Not at this time anyway. If you want I will join you later after the play has opened and run a while."

"That could take a year! I never thought you would let me down this way."

"Let you down-what about you letting me down? What about you letting the country down? Look, my love, we both know you are going to go D.C. You'll kick and scream, but you will go anyway! It's your duty! Besides, you love this undercover shit. You love being the Gung-Ho agent. Now don't deny it!" He said, emphatically shaking his finger under Joseph's nose. "You forget, I have seen you in action and you revel in it. It's time we both grew up and faced the fact that you are one of those DUTY, HONOR, COUNTRY guys. I knew this from the first day we met and what's more-you always will be. Thank god you are. You will never change. It's one of the things that I love and admire about you. I'll even wager that you will re-enlist when the time comes."

"Bull shit! That's all bull shit and besides it's not true! Damn it! You always think you know me?" Joseph shouted. "If you think I'm not the only one who has been putting his job ahead of our relationship, then look at yourself! Didn't you just put 'Duty, Honor, PLAY' ahead of us?"

"Yes I did and maybe it's crunch time. Time for the both of us to realize that our jobs really mean more to each of us than we do to each other...." He said as his voice trailed off as the shock of what he had just admitted began to sink in. "Oh God, Joseph, I really did not mean that! It did not come out right. My god, I think we are having our first real fight."

"Sometimes in anger the truth comes out.. You did mean it! And, I guess we have reached that time and place."

"Joseph, please, I don't want to fight with you over this. It is not that important right now." Richard said trying somehow to defuse the situation.

"Are you serious? Not that important? What we are discussing here is our future life together, not something like-what are we going to do tonight or what to have to eat for supper." Joseph almost screamed. "We are down to basics here. It's 'Love Relationships Class 101', and I think we are both failing the class."

"What I meant was that this whole trip might just be a meeting whereby the President will thank you for what you did." Richard tried to explain. "Barns told you a while back that the President had told him that when this was over he wanted to meet and thank you in person, didn't he? Well maybe this is his way of doing it? I just think and I want you to wait and see what he has to say before you 'jump ship'."

"Jump ship? Where and from whom did you learn that from? That's Navy! Have you been screwing the Navy now?" Joseph asked in a joking way. "My god have I turned you into one of those...those service whores?"

"I'm glad to see your sense of humor is returning." Richard picking up and continued in the lighter vein. "However, just to clear the air-you are the first and last serviceman I have ever picked up. There was just something about you that attracted me to you. Although those sailors do look sexy and hot in those skintight white pants they pour themselves into. But then who wants to undue all those damn buttons."

"I'm sure they have no trouble undoing them when the need arises!" Then turning serious again the soldier said, "But Rich, what if for some reason he wants me to continue this business?"

"We will just have to face that when we come to it, but I was serious about my commitment to the play. Just like you, I pledged myself to see this thing through and I'm going to do it and so are you!"

"OK, I understand and in a way I am glad we got this out into the open." Joseph said. "Now we both know what it means to want do something and not be able to fulfill that want."

"The one good part about this is that if he is really dead, I will not have to worry about you being fucked by Fazzi anymore. I never really was able to tell you how jealous that possibility made me feel. I tried to hide it, but just the thought of you with that man or any other man was driving me nuts." Richard finally admitted, "and you don't know the times I wanted to cut both your throats."

"First of all you never had any reason to be jealous, it was all business. I never had any feelings for him." Joseph said even though it was a sort of lie. He had really begun to love the bastard in a weird sort of way. Even now, he half expected Fazzi to greet him whenever he entered the house, especially when he entered the master bedroom. Was this because of his sense of guilt now that his 'father-lover' was dead? He didn't know for sure, but for now he could not reveal this to Richard. Instead he continued, "It was always you and no one else. But I can just picture it - you standing over our bed with a big knife in your hand, covered with Fazzi's and my blood dripping.................."

That was all he had the chance to say as Joseph's graphic description of the bloody bedroom mayhem was quickly stopped by Richard first kissing him deeply and then saying, "No more talk! Let's make love."

"Yes babe, I want you now!" Joseph moaned into his ear as they started to quickly undress each other. When they had disrobed each other the soldier pulled Richard to himself and ran his fingers through Rich's long dark hair and their lips met again. And their tongues invaded each other's mouths.

"No sergeant! Tonight is going to be different. Tonight I'm going to make love to you. We are going to make love like the two of us have never made love to anyone else before. And when we are done you will know that I am bound to you forever!" Richard said with a rather evil look in his eyes. He then spun Joseph around and pushed his nude body to the bed where he made him lay face down across the width of the bed with his feet dangling over the edge still on the floor. Then kneeling between the spread ass globes he started licking and kissing the strong muscular inner thighs of the solder. His lips and tongue slowly moving up and down his strong legs, leaving a trail of wet saliva as his teeth took little nips on Joseph's sensitive skin. Reaching the strong hard buttocks his fingers forcibly pried them apart and wetting a finger he circled the rosebud. Slowly he pushed his finger into the warm opening, pressing the digit into the tight hole. The hole resisted opening and Richard was forced to try another avenue of approach. He placed his face and lips over the ass hole. First he blew his hot breath up and down and along the love valley. Then with his tongue darting in and out, he teased and coaxed the surrounding area to relax enough for his tongue tip to open Joseph's love tunnel. Using this natural lubricant he was able to move the lips of the man cunt aside and make way for the invading tongue tip. Probing, pushing and then blasting his way through the barricade, his tongue entered the now well-lubricated hot target. Now that the area was well prepared and soaking wet Richard rose, stood over the panting Joseph and with his hand on his naked cock he rubbed his dripping cock head up and down the ass slit mixing his pre-cum with the saliva. The head of his phallus found the warm pulsating wet hole and using one hand to insert his cock head, he used his dripping cock head to ream the hole. Then he tried to press into the moist hot cavern.

Joseph screamed as he realized that Richard had his unsheathed cock tip in his ass hole. "Oh god! What are you doing? Where's the con............?"

Rich pulled his cock out a bit; then in one strong stroke his ramrod hard cock entered the soldier's outer ring.

Joseph's ass at first gave way to the hard intruder and then he resisted and clamped down and mustering his defenses tried to expel the hot hard and dripping invader. 

"Rich, I don't think we should... "Take it out! Take it out! Please!" Joseph pleaded. 

"Fuck no! It's too late! There's no way I'm going to stop now! I have invaded you. I have breached your defenses! Surrender! You are mine now-all of you and baby, for better or worse.... I am yours........."

Joseph felt the entire weight of this strange animal on his back as it tried to force its cock back into his rear. Richard's weight was almost too much for him, besides the man was like a wild beast. Joseph arched his back and with his fingers entwined in the coverlet of the bed, using all the military physical training he had acquired over the last few years, he forced Richard off him. 

"I love you." Joseph said, with tears in his eyes. "Rich I really do love you and I want to feel you in me without those rotten condoms, but until this thing is settled we can not allow ourselves not to use them."

Richard rolled away and lay beside Joseph and said, "Joseph I don't care anymore. I want to have unencumbered sex with you and I want it tonight, here and now. If running away with you to Canada is the only way --- so be it. I will go home, now, I will pack and we can be on our way before sunup. Fuck that Duty, Honor and other shit. It's us, you and me together. That's all that counts from here on out!"

"I do love you, but no, you were right before. Let's see what the man in the big house has to say first." Joseph said.

"In that case," Richard said in a fit of anger, "I had better leave now. I don't think I could get any rest trying to sleep in the same bed with you tonight."

"Don't pull your dramatic shit on me, baby. If you want to---you can go sleep in my old bedroom. Go and maybe the both of us will be able to get a bit of rest tonight. We will talk about it in the morning after breakfast."

With that they parted and for the first time since the night they first met they parted in anger. Both were hurt and stunned and realized that this might be the end of the relationship. They slept in different rooms. Both fell fitfully asleep.

The next morning Joseph arose to find a note pined to his pillow. 

"Sorry babe. I am really sorry about last night. I admit, you were right about everything. I was an ass. Try to forgive me. You know I ain't the kiss, fight and run type, but I forgot I had an early rehearsal call this morning. I love you. Call before you leave. I love you, I love you and if that is not clear---I LOVE YOU! P.S. I hope you forgive me. P.P.S. If you do not forgive me, I'll never speak to you again."

As much as he did not want to, Joseph got up and took a shower. He felt bad about missing Richard this morning. Rich had become the beginning and end of his being, but there could be no running away now--no matter what happened in Washington. He was committed. He would stay until the end - whatever and whenever that was. He would make Richard understand and he would make it up to him, somehow.

Just as he was getting out of the bathroom there was a knock on the bedroom door. "Are you awake, sir? Will you be coming down for breakfast soon?" Summaya, his cook asked.

He was sort of taken aback as the housekeeper had never asked him in quite that way. Fazzi had always managed the help. "Yes, I will be down after I dress-about a half hour. If there is something you have to do, I can make my own eggs." Joseph said then added, "Oh, by the way I am going to be away for the rest of the week so you can take the time off."

"There is nothing that I have to do, sir, it is just that Mr. Worth gave me instructions to make you a special breakfast and it will take me a little while to get it ready."

"Special breakfast huh? I'll be down in a half hour then." Joseph said as he stripped off his robe and started to get dressed. God, he thought to himself, there are so many things I am going to have to learn to do from now on. One of them is going to be the running of this house... Fazzi had always done that, but now it is my job. He would like to keep the housekeeper (she was such a good cook), but that chauffeur, now that was another story. He would have to go. He would get rid of him and get a cleaning woman to help the cook. He really should ask Bill Barns for his advice but Barns would most likely want to have some of his people as close to Joseph as possible. Well we will just have to talk about that. I am not going to become surrounded by FBI personnel. Even having one of them in the house could be a dead giveaway he thought as he left the room and went down the stairs to the kitchen where he found the cook busy at the stove. 

"Sir don't you dare look at what I'm doing! Just take yourself out into the dinning room, grab a cup of coffee and wait while I finish this concoction." Summaya said, "I'll serve your breakfast to you in a few minutes."

Entering the dinning room he poured himself a cup of hot coffee from the urn that was set up on the sideboard and looked around for his place setting. His usual place was empty. The only setting was Fazzi's, which was set at the head of the table along with a copy of the Arabic News Letter. At first he thought that the housekeeper had forgot to set a place for him at the table. Then he realized he was now the 'head of the house' and as such that place belonged to him now. Gingerly he sat down in Fazzi's chair. It felt funny sitting in Fazzi's place at first, but he realized that he had better get used to it because like it or not, this was now his place. It was just another reminder of his changed situation. He could not get used to the fact that, in his early twenties, he was most likely one of the richest men in the country. What the fuck was he going to do now? The whole thing was his. All the cars-the house-the money and the staff, it all belonged to him. He sat there sipping the hot strong coffee reminiscing. He hadn't done too badly for a poor 'dirt farmer' from rural upstate New York. At the time he arrived in the city on that dirty bus, he was just a kid with only a few dollars to his name. Now he had multi-millions under his control. He still could not believe it. Lost in his thoughts he had not noticed that his breakfast had been placed before him. He looked down at the plate that the housekeeper had placed before him and broke into a smile.... 'Eggs in a Hole' and home fried potatoes. 

"Mr. Worth said that this was one of your favorites." She said and asked, "did I make it right? Is it the way you like it?"

"Yes, oh yes, they are perfect. There is only one thing missing, bacon. I will have to get used to not having that in this house." He said tasting them. "MMmmm, Richard could not have made them better. Come, grab a cup of coffee and join him at the table."
