 This is a work of fiction, and as such the characters are not bound by the usual dictates of modern society. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken with impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily. 

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

I would like to thank all of you for the many letters you wrote (so far over 200) and for telling me how much you liked or hated the story so far. Keep the letters coming and send in a donation to the site you are reading this on.

End of Chapter 25

"No they do not know our undercover agents and we don't know theirs. The fewer people who know the agents the better off we all are. We just have an agreement to try to check with each other before either of us takes any action in situations like these. So far this mutual assistance has worked and I'm told that they plan to keep their part of the agreement as we intend to keep ours. But you and I both know that things could change overnight..."

Chapter 26

"Bill, Do you think you could do a favor for me? I invited Fazzi to talk to my class on the 1948 Syrian/Israel war. He wants to bring our 'debugging' friend as moral support. Do you think you could arrange permission for them to come onto the base?"

"I don't think you need me to do that. Just go to the school commandant and arrange it yourself. If he does have a problem with it then, tell him to contact me." Bill said. "I wonder what's going on between them? It looks as if there is more to the Fazzi-Allie connection than just old army friends. Very interesting. Do you mind if I attend your class that day? I should think that with a special guest lecturer coming, it would not be too unusual to have some outsiders there. 

"Ordinarily I would think it would be OK but might not Fazzi recognize you from that midnight raid you and the police pulled at the estate awhile back?"

"I'm sure he did not see me. I stayed out of sight and I was not with the officers that grilled him then. I'm sure I never had any contact with him."

"Then I think it would be OK and guests are not unusual at all. Some of the other instructors and the CO are always dropping in on my lectures. In fact, at my graduation, the school commandant himself invited Fazzi and his family to give lectures on Moslem customs and he asked Mary and Kassie if they would give lectures on the role of Moslem women in Arab society. He said he would be interested in attending any lecture Fazzi would see fit to give and if he came - I'm sure his staff would feel an obligation to come also. He would not even have to issue invitations."

"Great! Then all you have to do is arrange the thing with him and inform him that I will be coming as one of his staff. Request that both Fazzi and Allie are picked up at the gate, processed there, and provided with transportation and an armed escort at all times. We don't want them wandering around base or getting the idea that security is lax. If they object-tell them that since Allie is from the embassy it is for their own protection, and the last thing the Army would like to see is a diplomatic incident happening on base."

"O.K., I'll let you know when I set it up. It will most likely be this Thursday, 1300 hours."

They parted and Joseph went to see the school commandant to arrange everything. 

"Is all this security necessary?" Asked the C.O.

"Most likely not, but, I know it will impress my 'father-in-law to be' and Mr. Balbak is a foreign diplomat and as such is entitled to it. In any event, Agent Barns wants them to think it is and it will make them think that they are important."

"Ok, but I'm going to have to run this over to the Commanding General and get his approval."

"Excellent, sir. I don't think he will, but if he has any questions or objections have him call Agent Barns. You might also want to invite him to attend the lecture. I hear that some of the battles of that war are studied at West Point." Joseph said.

"Yes they are studied, as are all the major wars in history. In fact if I remember right there was a retired American army officer, a colonel I think, that served with the Jews and was made a general on the Jerusalem front. His name was David Marcus and he was killed there and is buried at the Point. When I went to the Point, I remember quite a few lectures on American/Soviet weapons systems. A lot of that information was gathered from the Mideast wars." The C.O. said. "So, I hope your future father-in-law knows his facts as he will face a very knowledgeable audience. Yes, this should prove to be very interesting indeed and I'm glad that you were able to arrange this. It will earn both of us a few 'brownie points' with the General and I'm sure he would love to be here. In fact, I don't think I could keep him away if I wanted to." 

Joseph Called Fazzi later and told him of the arrangements and the Arab agreed to everything including the security. "That means that my chauffeur will have to leave me at the main gate and wait outside."

"If he is going to be 'packing' a weapon, he will have to give it up or park outside the gate. You better inform Allie also. The both of you will have to endure the security check and metal detection inspection. Once the two of you enter the gate, the Army will be in charge of your protection."

"I was always comfortable with military protection, lov. After all don't I permit you and your little pistol to protect me when we are alone together? I feel safe in your hands and I'm sure Allie and I will be safe in theirs," he said and then asked, "Yussef, when are you coming home? I would like to go over my lecture with you before I give it."

"That will not be necessary, I'm sure that you do not need to rehearse anything with me. However, I'll be home Wednesday evening and we will be able to talk more then. Lov you babe, see you then. Bye for now" And then he hung up.

He next placed a call to Barns and told him everything was set for Thursday at 1300.

Wednesday after class Joseph got into his car and drove over to Fazzi's estate. Using his key he let himself in and found Fazzi in the Library. He had just finished printing out some material from one of the English language Arab web sites.

"Just finishing my homework, Yussef. I will be with you in a few minutes." Fazzi said as Joseph leaned over and kissed his cheek.

"Don't hurry my lov. If you are going to be seeing a teacher, you have to expect homework. However, I would not worry about your grades-I have already marked you all 'A' plus. Besides you have an 'IN' with the teacher."

"There, I'm finished now. You want to eat out or should I ask cook to make you up some kabobs?"

No Kabobs tonight lover, I want you to be in tiptop shape tomorrow for class. It would not look good if you showed up with your ass torn apart before the lecture." He joked and then continuing in the lighter mood said, "what do you say to my taking you out this evening. Let's do the burger and fries bit tonight. A little American fast food for once won't kill you. Just so you don't over do it and get fat."

"That's no joke, I have to think about keeping my figure right and trim for my lover."

"If by lover you mean me, habibi, you can eat all you want during the day, I will just whip you back into shape at night in bed. Besides if you put on a pound or two, here or there, --- there will be just that much more of you to love."

"Yussef you are going to spoil me." He said standing up and taking the soldier into his arms and kissing him. "Before she finds out you are here and cooks up a banquet, let me just tell the cook we are going out to eat. I know she will be disappointed not being able to cook for you, but she will recover. You go upstairs and get dressed----- and before you ask---No, not in the Tux this time!" he laughed, " this time, informal attire."

Joseph ran laughing up the stairs and changed into a sport jacket and pants set and then returned to the library where Fazzi after giving him a close inspection said, "habibi, you know how much I adore seeing you in uniform but I now find you to be just as sexy in civilian attire. Hey, maybe we can go to a movie after the burgers. I can use an evening of relaxation for once."

"Great idea. We can sit in the rear, share a bag of popcorn and make out-if there is no one there." Joseph said. "Just like ordinary lovers on an ordinary date."

"Then we better pick a theater out in the - the, how do you Americans say it- Ah yes, the boondockies, someplace where we are not known." Fazzi warned. "IshAllah, you almost make me want to throw caution to the winds and go dancing with you."

"The word is 'Boondocks' habibi and that dancing idea of yours is not altogether impossible. I have given it a lot of thought and I have an idea. We just have to find a place that has Arabic line dancing. We would blend right in." Joseph said. "But first, you would just have to teach me, if you didn't want me stomping on your feet."

"That my love is a great idea. It is really not that hard to learn and it would be a very good thing for you to know how. Nothing gets you into the inner circle of Arab society better than dancing a 'Dabbke'. All I need to teach you is a tape of one of the tunes which I know I have somewhere around here and we can start tonight." Fazzi said as he went to the stereo and rummaged through a pile of tapes, selected one and placed it in the tape player as the room burst into the thumping beat of goat drums and the high pitch of recorder music. Taking Joseph's hand he demonstrated for him the basic stylized complicated dance steps and jumps. After tripping over his feet a few times Joseph finally began to pick it up. "See it's not so hard to learn. All it requires now is some practice."

"But I feel so stiff and uncomfortable."

That is what makes it easy to learn. It is the basic part of learning to do the Dabbke. You have to keep your upper body stiff and let your feet do the work. It is somewhat like those Irish dancers, only stiffer and without the tap dancing. From what I can see it won't be lone before you have it down pat. All you have to do now is to feel the music in your soul. Let your body react to the music and don't look at your feet. Just 'go with the music'. A few more lessons and then we will just have to dig you up a 'gambaz' and a 'kaffia', the robe and headdress. With that to cover your blond hair, no one would ever take you for anything other than a born Arab. I don't think it would be too difficult to conjure up an outfit for you somewhere around here." He joked. "We can practice every night and by the time we have that Bazaar, you will be an expert and we will be able to celebrate our union by dancing together in public. And I guarantee that the community will not only approve but they will cheer us on and join in our dance."

"I think that I would get a kick out of that." Joseph said. "Maybe I could even teach Rich and the three of us could cement Arab/American relations. I'm even sure I could get his father to join us."

"Oh speaking of dancing and the Worthingtons - I almost forgot-Dina called and said that she is looking forward to your dancing with her at the Bazaar in two weeks. She said it could either be like the dance you two did at the cafe when Sara and the two Richards were there or perhaps something new." Fazzi said. "She asked if that would be O.K. or do you want special lessons at her home."

"Call her and tell her that I think what we did at the cafe will be fine. No private instruction will be needed." Joseph said, clearing his throat. "Now let's go to eat."

"Yussef have you noticed that lately our relationship has been changing? Not in big ways, but small endearing ways. In the beginning you were this hot Crusader who came to my tent as my conquering knight and I was your Muslim slave lover. We were both formal and reserved. Now we are both equal and relaxed with our relationship."

"Yes I have noticed it, but I did not want to mention it for fear that you might think that the relationship was becoming less passionate. Believe me, Fazzi, the passion is still there but now it is more refined and I find that I like this more... There is no hurry, no war between us or even that inner war within myself. I don't need to be the conqueror, the lord and master and I don't find the need to prove my manhood. I have accepted the fact of what I have become. There is just the overwhelming need to be together with you and the need to prove my love and satisfy you. I have become more and more at ease not only with you but also with myself and with others. I hope this pleases you as much as it does me!"

"I think it means that aside from the sex, we are beginning to love each other more and that you are accepting the fact that you can remain a man while you make your life together with another man. To tell you the truth, and I hope it is the truth; I do not think that you would want to go back to my daughter or even Dina. And, perhaps it signifies that you are approaching the time when you will be ready to make another choice. The one you may soon have to make, if we are to be "one" together." Fazzi said in a low guarded voice, almost as if he was walking on a bed of broken glass barefooted.

"As much as I hate to think about it-yes you are right. I do find myself thinking more and more about my faith. It is most distressing at times and very hard." Joseph said, not really lying about his inner feelings. "I do think about it but keep pushing it away. Just like I'm going to do right now: Come let's go to eat."

They went out to a Burger King and Joseph ordered for Fazzi and they sat in a corner booth and ate. 

"You know this is not half bad." Said Fazzi. "I could get used to eating this. Are you sure there is no pork in these? Not that I have not tasted pork before, I just don't want to eat it where my friends could see me."

"They do advertise them as pure beef and I don't think they would make that claim if they were not. The competition would soon scream its head off if it were not true. I can check if you really want to know or next time I could order you the vegetable patty burger."

"Perhaps in the future, but for now forget it. Even though it is no excuse, I can always say I did not know." Fazzi said as he downed the last of his burger and licked his fingers and then wiped them on a napkin.

"Yussef, there is a big favor I would like you to do for me tomorrow. I noticed that you and Allie did not 'hit it off' when he was at my house. Could you please try to get along with him? You know you are very special to me, and no matter what happens you will always be first in my heart. However, he is an old friend and he is an important man in the embassy."

"I don't know where you got the idea that I did not like him. Just because we have differing opinions and ideas does not mean I dislike him. If it is anyone that I didn't care for, it was Hassan Segour. He is a Idiot."

"About Segour I agree, he is an idiot. I thought it was Allie you didn't like, so this should be easy. I would like the two of you to become friends."

"By friends? Just what do you mean. Is he an ex-lover of yours?" Joseph asked rather guardedly. "Or are you thinking and planning of doing a threesome...."

Fazzi almost enraged and almost raising his voice said, "no, how can you even think that? That is a disgusting idea. I have given up that sort of thing since long before I met you. Besides, I do not want to share you with anyone. I just want you to get to know him because he will be leaving the Embassy soon and I was thinking of placing him in charge of selecting the charities that will be getting allocations from the 'FUND'. While you and I would have the final say, you will be working closely with him and I would like the two of you to be friends. You may even be required to travel together to inspect some of the charities. I just want you to feel at ease with him."

"If that is what you want then I can only tell you that since it means that much to you, I will try my best"

"That's all I ask. Make an honest effort then If you find it in any way uncomfortable to work with him, I will of course, find someone else. Your comfort is my only interest." Fazzi promised. "Now that that is settled, lets go to that movie. I am enjoying this. We are talking just like 'normal people' and making fun together. I have never had any fun for fun's sake before. I think on top of everything, Habibi, you are teaching me to relax. No only do I love you but I love being with you."

Joseph smiled to himself and thought; now all I have to do is to relax myself. For some reason the more he was able to get Fazzi to relax, the more tense and wound up he became. He would have to ask Barns about this later. 

They went to the movies and they did order popcorn and finding that the theater was almost deserted they were able find seats in a dark corner in the very last row. While the temptation and opportunity was there they restrained themselves and just held hands. But, every now and then they would lean over as if they wanted to whisper in each others ear and instead would place their lips on each others ear and give it a little lick or nibble. This restrained love making aroused Fazzi even more than if they had thrown caution to the wind and fucked their brains out in the aisle. Afterwards as Joseph drove them home, Fazzi was so excited that could not keep his hand off Joseph's crotch or his head off his shoulder. At home in their bed, they made light love to each other and then went to bed hugging each other. In the morning Joseph again got up early and left for base. On the pillow of the sleeping Arab he left a note telling him how much he had enjoyed the evening and that he would see him in school at 1300 hrs. He also told him that he had Friday off and asked to attend Mosque with him if he would take him. Fazzi getting up late, read the note and was delighted. That is wonderful he thought; and I did not even have to ask him. Could Yussef, as he said last night, be coming around to really considering conversion or was he just doing this to please me? Either way it is fantastic. He could not help humming one of the Dabbke tunes as he quickly showered himself, dressed and gathered his notes placing them in the breast pocket of his suit. Feeling something else there he pulled out the small notebook he had left there. Taking it out he looked it over, checking to see if anything was missing, Finding all in order he went over to the picture that covered his wall safe, opened the safe and placed the papers inside and locked it up. Not giving it another thought he went to the library where he sat down and quickly went over his notes for the fifth time while he waited for Allie to arrive. When he did they had a light brunch and taking Fazzi's limo they drove toward the base. 

"How are the arrangements going for your mission?" Fazzi asked.

"Very good so far. It appears as if the Emirate had already notified them that someone from their office would soon contact them, so they were expecting this. I have informed the leaders that I want to meet with them to deliver an important message. Most of them, if not all have agreed to meet with me in the next few weeks. I will then deliver the Emirate's message to each one in person. After that the fireworks will begin. They are not going to like the message. Lets hope they don't kill the messenger."

"They won't - at least not this time. At first they will be curious, they will want to see what's in it for them. Then the few of big ones will kick and scream but in the end they will come around thinking and planning ways for them to take control. But they too will submit and then we will weed out the ones we do not want." Fazzi told him. "Once they realize that they have no money and can't raise any, they will be only too happy to join."
