 This is a work of fiction, and as such the characters are not bound by the usual dictates of modern society. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken with impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily. 

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me through the link below - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

I would like to thank all of you for the many letters you wrote (so far over 350) and for telling me how much you liked or hated the story so far. Keep the letters coming and send in a donation to the site you are reading this on.

End of chapter 29

"You are the boss. Maybe you're right. We have been working on this so long, I am getting sloppy."

"You are 'New' to this. I have been living a double life for over fifteen years now. First in Syria then Lebanon and now here. It has taken us that long to set Fazzi up for the kill!!!!"

Chapter #30

The weekend before Fazzi's trip Joseph had a meeting with Barns and his two supervisors, Philip Jackson, his boss and Steward Cook, the New Jersey Director of the FBI. The meeting took place in Richard's apartment. It was held on Saturday afternoon while Rich was at the theater. 

"We know they are going to kill Muhammad." Said Philip Jackson angrily. "Damn it, the son of a bitch is worth more to us alive then he is dead. Is there some way we can convince the Mossad to back off?" 

"Only by taking them into our complete confidence and telling them the whole story." Steward Cook said. "They most likely would demand proof that we had a damn good reason for asking them to back off. Giving them that proof could reveal that Joseph is working for us. We know they have been waiting for years to get Muhammad. Put us in their place. Just suppose we had bin Laden in our cross hairs and were about to squeeze the trigger. Suppose they asked us to hold off without giving us a reason. What do you think we would say?"

"I see what you mean but there has to be someway to at least try to stop them, without telling them too much." Philip said.

"There is only one way that might work. If we were to have our President ask their Prime Minister, as a personal favor, to have the Mossad stand down." Said Steward. "They might do it if it came directly from him."

"Why the hell do you want to do that?" Joseph interrupted. "Let them kill him and get it over with. I don't know how much more I can take of this. I hope my nerves can hold out. They are getting a bit fragile. There have been times when I thought I would..... "

"Great! Hallelujah! Just when you had me convinced that you were super human." Said Steward. "Let me clue you in, Joseph, an agent without fear is soon a dead agent. Don't let anyone fool you buddy, all agents are afraid. Fear comes with the job. It's how they handle that fear that enables them to survive. You have been and are one of the best I have ever seen." 

"He is the best!" Barns said patting the soldier on the back. "After Fazzi leaves the country, if you want out, all you have to do is say it. You can finish out your tour of duty teaching." Then to the others he said, "the Army is ready to offer him a commission and will keep him stateside teaching Arabic when we are through with him."

"Thank you, but no thanks. I'll stay until this job is done then I have other plans. As soon as I get out of the army and get my broker's license, Worthington has offered me a partnership in his Company." 

"Well congratulations. Worthington is a smart guy," Stewart said. "Look I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to D.C. this evening and I'll talk to the man and see if I can work something out. It might cost us a lot but we may be able to get the Israelis to cooperate."

"Cost, you mean pay them off?"

"No, but a favor this big may require us to make big concessions on other things. That will be for the President and PM to work out. It is called foreign diplomacy. I will keep you informed. Now, unless anyone has anything else, I think we are finished here." 

After wishing him good luck with the President, they broke up the meeting.

Joseph had arranged to take two days off: the day before Fazzi was to leave and also the day he left. Some of his students got together and they chipped in and had a certificate of thanks drawn up which in turn was signed by the C.O. and all the students. They purchased a fancy frame and then arranged for a small delegation to present it to him the afternoon before he left. They would drive up to the estate after school and after the presentation the students planed to go out on the town and then return to the base. Joseph had also purchased a travel kit for Fazzi and had it wrapped. 

Monday evening after class Joseph called Barns to find out if there was anything new. He was told that early this morning the President had heard the request and talked it over with his security advisors. He was at first reluctant to interfere. However after thinking it over he did agree that Fazzi was becoming a valuable source of information and he agreed to have a private talk with the PM and try to work out something. He was reluctant to have to insist that the PM pass up this opportunity to settle an old score since they had kept their part of the deal by not doing it on U.S. soil. The Prime Minister on hearing about the President's request had the embassy immediately sent a full dossier with all their information regarding Fazzi and his connection with the Emirate. The PM was very forthcoming on the evidence they had gathered, telling him that they had proof that this meeting was going to be the biggest gathering of international terrorists ever held. Fazzi was going to create a network of killers unlike any in recent history and they thought it was a chance to get them all. Although they knew that Bin Laden would not be there, they knew he was sending a representative. They thought it would be one of his sons. The President was shown the transcripts of messages between Fazzi and Allie discussing Joseph and his new status within Fazzi's plans. 

"Is this true? Is this our agent, the one you told me about? Is this Yussef Benson, our Joseph Benson? Is he that far into this network?" He asked his security advisor.

"Not only is it true, but it looks as if he is slated to be second in command. Fazzi has adopted him as his legal son and heir." He said. "You already know most of this since we have been giving you almost daily reports on his progress. He has been working with your friend Richard Worthington on this. Benson is now living at Fazzi's place in Paterson. Our agents think Fazzi is in love with him."

"Don't tell me that Benson is a homosexual. My god can we trust him? Are they having sex together?" The president asked. "Never mind, don't answer that, I don't want to know. I don't want to be involved in that dirty business."

"With all due respect sir, how the hell do you think we gather most of our information? We gather it anyway we can. If the suspect is heterosexual, we can and do use heterosexuals and prostitutes. If not..... Look, I don't know if he is a homosexual or if he is sleeping with that S.O.B., but Benson is one of the most dedicated agents we have as well as being a friend of Worthington and his entire family. They swear by him and rumor has it that when this is over he is going to be a full partner in Worthington's investment house. If he is a homosexual and he is sleeping with Fazzi Muhammad, we should overlook it and perhaps we should enlist more of them."

"O.K. let's do it then." He said lifting up his secure direct line to the PM. "I will arrange it with the PM." 

The next day, Tuesday, the day before Fazzi was to leave, Joseph and the delegation from the base arrived at the estate where they presented Fazzi with the gift. The surprised and delighted Arab invited them to stay for a light dinner. He had the cook prepare some sandwiches and sodas and had it served outside in the Gazebo. He and Joseph spent some time just shooting the breeze in Arabic with the group. After they left the Arab told Yussef how pleased he was that they had taken the time to come and wish him a safe trip.

"That was really nice of them. Their Arabic is really good. You and the school did a good job on them. I wish them all good luck. It is such a shame that they may have to serve in Iraq." He said. "I would hate to see any of them hurt."

"I'm sure that they hope that their tour of duty will be safe. However they know it's their job to go where and when they are needed, just like it is mine and it was Ibrahim's."

"I just hope you and your government are not expecting me to repeat what I did for Ibrahim?"

Joseph walked over to Fazzi and kissed him and said, "No, I know you would want to do it and it would be nice if you would and could do it, but no, they do not expect or think you can do it. However, I do think you could become the man who could do things that could change the world and make all this crap unnecessary."

"And how would you have me change it? Would you have me as a world leader or as the man behind the power?" he jested. "How can I be the powerful man you want, if in our bed I'm content to be your slave?"

"Fazzi, somehow or other, I can not even contemplate you as being anything less than 'The Man' in charge. I may think I am the master here but, habibi, even as my slave you rule over me. Have I made you less of a man by our bedroom adventures? Would you really like me to be your bottom? I can't see where having you as my lover has made you less of a strong man or hurt your image as a leader of men."

"I guess it is a silly notion going back to the caveman days. A leader of men must be the master of both his men and his women. A leader must lead in his public as well as private life. He cannot do the opposite. Look what happened to your Bill Clinton when he let that wife of his have some power. She almost took over then and now she may try to do it again." Fazzi said as they walked to the house. 

"I wish you weren't going tomorrow as I would like to have the time to prove to you how wrong you are about this power business." Joseph said. "It is possible to separate the two things and still be a strong leader of men. Men are by nature stronger than women---Is that not right?"

"Yes they are. See you even admit it."

"Now wait a minute. Just try to follow my reasoning. If we are stronger - than we should be able to do anything a woman can do and do it better." Joseph said. "Since there have been women who have been strong national leaders as well as wives, then a man, such as yourself, should be able to do it! In any event you are going to have to do it because you are going to be a leader. I know this for two reasons, one, I could not love a weak man, and two; I know that you are strong and powerful enough to lead people and armies into the future. You proved it by your actions over the last month or so. You were strong enough to do things while I just collapsed. You could be and you will be the leader in whatever you want to be."

"I love you habibi! You make me feel I can do anything."

"You can do anything and it is my duty to see to it that you do what you have been created to do.... That, as your lover, is my job."

"That is the woman's job, is it not?"

"Yes, and in this respect, I will be your "woman", if you like. You will be a great leader of nations and of men because you were born to be one. I will be at your side for as long as you want me to be."

"Ish Allah, it is the will of God. If it is to be---it will be. I want you by my side no matter what is going to happen and I want you there forever. We will talk more of this later." Fazzi said as they walked into the house hand in hand. "I love you."

"Come let's go upstairs. I, too, have something to give you." Joseph said. "Something that will remind you of me every morning and evening while you are away."

Later that evening in their bed Fazzi snuggled up to Joseph placing his cock between the legs of the soldier and his arms around his body. His lips kissed the nap of his neck. Joseph reached down and touched the Arabs cock and pressed it into his groin holding it between his upper thighs and allowing the man to saw back and forth. He rubbed the cock with his fingertips and soon the Arab was breathing hard and sinking his teeth into Joseph's shoulder.

"I want you Yussef. I want to mark you as mine. I want to plant my seed in your bottom. I want you to be mine as I am yours. Only when we are each a part of the other can we be one. I want you----now." Fazzi pleaded. "Just this once before I leave. I will never ask you again, please. I will be as gentle as possible and if it hurts too much I will stop."

"You know I will do just about anything for you, habibi, but this is asking too much. You are crossing that line."

"Please, I will not hurt you, by Allah I swear." He said with tears in his eyes. "Just let me enter you. If it hurts I will pull out. "

"I wanted this evening to be special. Now you have ruined it. I don't know how many times I have told you that I can't give you what you want, at least not now. Now I'm going back to my own bed." He said as he sat up and started to get out of bed.

"No don't go, please don't leave me tonight. If you can't let me do it now, when will I be able to do it to you? Just tell me that there is a chance that I will be able to feel my cock in your ass soon. I just want it one time then I will be your slave for the rest of out lives." Fazzi said grabbing Joseph by his arm and pulling him back down on the bed with him. "Just promise me that you will, just once. I know that it is not important to you, but I want to experience placing my seed in you."

Joseph after thinking about it for a few seconds, said, "Well OK. When you get back we will talk about it."

"Just talk about it?"

"OK on the first night you are back, I will let you try it."

"Good, we have a deal. It is something that I will look forward to, habibi. We will make a special evening of it. I am going to get us a pair of tickets to the New York City Opera. Both of us are going to get dressed in our Tuxedoes and have a night on the town. We will have dinner, the opera and then we are going to the best hotel in the city and we will consummate our new partnership in style. How does that sound to you?"

"Ana Bahabek Kteer, I love you very much habibi. That will give me something to look forward to. It will also give me time to prepare myself."

"Prepare yourself? How are you going to do that?"

"While you are away I am going to buy a dildo and use it to loosen myself up for you. I will practice in this bed, fantasizing that it is you here with me." Joseph said. "I want our first time to be pleasant and not too hard on you."

"Well don't make it too easy, I still want to be able to feel I took your cherry and not some damn piece of rubber."

"I should ream it out so big that you could not feel anything." He joked. "Just to pay you back. I am still a little pissed off that you are going on this trip without me. I would have liked to meet your family and have them meet me. I have no real family of my own and I looked forward to becoming a part of your family."

"I am sorry but this will be the last time that I will plan a trip without asking you to come along with me. But just as you are going to prepare yourself for my entry into you, I must prepare my family for you. I think I want them to forget our past difficulties and settle these silly vendettas first. Then there is still the problem of your being in the Army, which right now is in our way also. I promise that when you get out of the Army we will go everywhere together. We will share everything together. No more secrets between us."

"Are there secrets now?" Joseph asked. Then realized he might be pressing too hard so he tried to soften the question. "Well I guess we all have our hidden fears and secrets. I am not so sure I want you to know all of mine at this time."

"Now you have got my curiosity up." Fazzi playfully teased him. "Tell me one of your secrets."

"If I did that then it would not be a secret any more would it?" Joseph laughed.

"Just one little hidden bit of information that you have been hiding from me." Fazzi begged. "One secret that I can blackmail you with."

"Promise you won't tell." Demanded the soldier.

"By Allah I will keep your confidence until I die. I cross my heart and hope to die if I ever divulge it."

"Cross your heart?? That is a Christian act. Am I turning you into a Christian now?" Asked the soldier continuing in the lighthearted way that he knew Fazzi loved.

"No you know I am not. I was using a metaphor that you would understand. Now tell me your big dark secret." 

"OK. Here it is. The big undercover hidden bit of information that you can use to blackmail me with is that to tell the truth, it never was your daughter that I was after. From the first time I saw you I was attracted to you. For some time, within my mind, I had been covering up the possibility that men might be my main attraction. However, when I saw you everything changed. Don't get me wrong, Kassie is a beautiful woman yet when you touched my leg and I pretended that I wanted you to stop; I really wanted to grab your hand and press it inside my fly. I knew then that I was a homosexual." Joseph said in the most convincing way that he could. "That's it! My big secret! If I had to marry her to be close to you, then I would gladly have. Everything I did was to entrap you. Right from the first time I sat near you that Friday after Mosque."

Fazzi was flabbergasted. Joseph took him in his arms and hugged him. He kissed his lips and then ran his tongue over his mouth. Fazzi placed his hands on either side of Joseph's face and he held his face close to his as he opened his mouth for the hot tongue of his lover. He sucked it in and then continued to suck on the invader like an Ice cream Popsicle until they broke the kiss.

"You mean it was me that you wanted all the time? You let me think that I was chasing you while it was you that was setting a trap for me... you sneaky 'kalb' (dog)."

"Yes, I let you chase me until I caught you." Laughed Joseph. "You make it sound so sorted." 

"No, no, no! Not sorted. It is so wonderful and so romantic! The 'old fox' - hunted, outwitted and trapped by the young lion cub. What could be better than that? Now my hungry lion cub NOW TAKE ME!"

"Yes! Oh yeahhhhh!" Whispered Joseph as he enfolded his happy bed partner in his arms and rolled on top of him, kissing his lips, his eyes, his nose, his chin, his neck and then licking from the hollow of his neck up to his chin and along the jaw line to his ear. Sucking an ear lobe into his mouth, his tongue tip flitted in and out of the ear and then he nibbled on the ear lobe. He moved his hot demanding mouth back down to the panting Arab's heaving chest. There he licked and sucked on his nipples, his teeth teasing and biting them hard, causing Fazzi to whimper and to place his hands on the blond headed human animal head that was taking possession of his soul as well as his body. Down, down, the beast proceeded being guided by the hands on his head, down the strong body to the hard-defined abdominal muscles. There his demanding tongue tip traced the valleys and bulges of the rippling skin until it reached the navel. Covering the hole with his lips he alternated between sucking on the hole and plowing his tongue tip in and out of the buttonhole. Joseph's face was now working its way even farther down. Fazzi's hard leaking cock now rubbing on his neck and chin, then along his jaw line until it was touching his ear as he kissed, licked and almost devoured the cum filled balls set before him. His hot mouth and tongue moved on to that sensitive area beyond that. Joseph reached up and grabbed a pillow and pushed it under Fazzi's ass lifting it up, exposing his 'rear door' for nibbling, licking and the pleasures of the "Thousand and One Sexual Fantasies" conjured up in the Levantine mind of the man pulling and scratching the bedding beneath him. His head now wildly swaying back and forth as his Yussef, his darling animal lion cub devoured his rose bud....
