 This is a work of fiction, and as such the characters are not bound by the usual dictates of modern society. Unsafe sexual practices can be undertaken with impunity only in the world of fantasy. In reality, it is your obligation and your right to play safely, sanely and healthily.

I hope you enjoy my work, and if you have any comments, or ideas that may inspire new work, please feel free to contact me at the address in my profile - all E-mails will be answered to the best of my ability. 

I would like to thank all of you that wrote and told me how much you like the story so far. Keep the letters coming and send in a donation to the site you are reading this on. 

The end of Chapter 22

"Oh boy! Is she hot, so hot she sizzzzzzles and I want some more and soon." Joseph gloated.

"I know it must be tempting and I would screw the hell out of her myself, if I was single, but try to control yourself. You are supposed to be a professional now."

Yes but what kind of professional --- thought Joseph. 

Chapter 23

After Joseph left her apartment, Dina got dressed and quickly prepared two packages. She took one package to the post office and mailed it to her agent and the other being smaller she placed in her handbag and then she took a cab to the consulate. Upon arrival she asked to see Mr. Hassan Segour and was shown into his office.

"Well? You have news for me? Is he or isn't he?" Hassan asked.

"He most decidedly is not gay." Dina said smiling. "I would stake my reputation on it. Now if you will give me the $1000 you promised me, I can get out of here and get back to work. I have told them that I had something to attend to at the consulate, but that I would be on time. I have a performance to give this evening and they like me to be on time."

"Come now, why should I believe you? How do I know you are telling me the truth?"

"Now why should I lie to you?" Dina said. "If I was foolish enough to tell you a story, in time you would find out the truth and have me killed."

"Yes, that is true but you might just be foolish enough to think that I might be swayed by your female attributes enough to forgive you." He said reaching out for her and pulling her body to his. Lowering his hands to her ass he pulled her lower body to his groin and rubbed his growing cock against her womanhood. "And who knows? I might just forgive you!" 

Summoning up her considerable strength she pushed him away. "Listen, you rotten pig, aside from the fact that you and your friend forced me to do this, there were only two reasons why I took this challenge on; the first was for the money. The second was of a more personal reason. I just wanted to see if I could pull it off. I wanted to see if I could entice a gay man into my bed. You don't think I would make any of this up without having some solid proof, do you?"

"Proof, what proof?"

"Proof in living color!" she said holding up the small package, "a nice long Videotape of the two of us in bed. Plus there are about 20 still shots. Believe me that soldier is not Gay. The tape shows in vivid detail that it was he who was the aggressor. He was the macho one, not one bit feminine. If he is gay as you think he might be, then I have been wrong about gay men all my life. But I'm sure I have not been wrong. This guy is just a great horny lover, who knows what a woman wants and gives it to her in spades. If this is what you call a homosexual then I just wish there were many more men like him."

"Let me see the tape." Hassan said his mouth almost drooling as he made an unsuccessful attempt to grab it from her.

"Not so fast. Just who do you think you are fooling around with? Dina shouted.

"You, my dear, are a stupid whore!"

"I may be a whore, but I'm not stupid. I have only a small part of the tape with me. The rest of it plus the stills as well as a note to the FBI and another tape of your visit to my apartment are deposited in a safe place and will be released if something should happen to me. What is shown on this tape is enough for you to see that he is interested in women. Here put it on and see for yourself. Once you see this segment I'm sure that you will want the entire tape and it will cost you dearly: double for the entire tape and triple if you want the entire package including the stills. Three thousand US dollars, total. And you can believe me that it is worth every cent of it."

"I should have you killed! Better yet, perhaps a little time spent with me in our basement recreation room here in the consulate would convince you to cooperate better?"

"You could do all that, but why bother, you still won't get the full tape. Don't be a stupid ass. Play the tape for your boss and see what he has to say. 

Hassan took the tape and both he and Dina went into Alli's office. "We have part of a tape you should see. May we use your machine?"

"Yes you may, in fact I was just about to call you into my office Hassan I have some news."

"Can it wait? I think you will like to see this." Hassan said then gave Alli the tape.

They sat around his machine and played the tape. The tape showed the unclothed Joseph in her apartment standing at her bedside making love to her while in the process of striping her. Then the tape went blank.

"And I assume that the rest of it goes into more detail." Said Alli.

"You bet it does, lots more and infinite detail. The whole thing makes most porn films look like Mary Poppins and like I told your disgusting friend here, it proves Joseph not only likes women, but he is one hell of a lover and as far as I'm concerned, he is not gay! So, do you live up to your part of the bargain? Do I get my money or not?"

"I have seen enough, pay her anything she wants and get her out of here." He ordered Hassan. "This is not important anymore. We now have other problems that need our attention."

"But this is not really proof." Hassan protested.

"Pay her and that's a direct order." Then turning to Dina he handed the dancer her tape and said, "Thank you for you help. You have lived up to your part of the deal, but we now find that the soldier's homosexuality or heterosexuality is no longer a factor or of any value to us. You can if you want send me the entire tape and anything else you might have or you can keep all of it yourself. I don't care and our government no longer cares. We no longer have any need for it. Now take your money and please leave." Alli said and turning to Hassan he continued, "Pay her off and escort her from the building, arrange for her to get home or anywhere she wants to go safely, then come back here. We have some work to do. We have wasted too much time on this silly matter."

After paying Dina off and seeing her out, the enraged Hassan stormed back into Alli's office and started shouting and yelling at him, "Why did you order me to pay that bitch off? We wasted thousands of dollars and not only did we not get the full tape and still photos, but the bitch took the preview tape with her! What are you doing? What's going on here?"

"Fazzi demanded that we stop investigating Joseph." His boss said.

"Demanded? Demanded? What right has he to demand that we do anything, and since when do we listen to anything that pervert has to say? How does he know what we were doing?"

"Remember I told you not to underestimate that viper. Let me enlighten you and bring you up to date. It seems that his daughter must have inherited some of her father's shrewdness. She must have spotted that sloppy agent of yours, your Don Juan, and she must have thought that her father had sent him to check up on her. In any event she called her daddy and she must have tore into him thinking it was he that sent lover boy to make sure that she was 'keeping herself Pure' so to speak. And 'that pervert', as you call him, became incensed. So he called a few of his friends in Damascus and they called here and were told that you and I started this investigation. Like I told you before, the snake has important friends and it appears that from now on we are to report to Fazzi directly on what we are doing and also we will get our orders from him. The powers that be have placed him in charge of our entire network of agents in the USA. The home office is more impressed by his new money scheme than they are about his love life. I made the mistake of asking for conformation of that in writing and never in my life have I seen the government move so fast. Here read this. It came in a while ago. Note who it came from and therefore we have no choice but to obey."

Hassan read the decoded secret cable with growing fear in his eyes and heart. "Have they gone crazy? This means that that depraved idiot is now our boss. He has been chosen to be the leader of all operations in the western hemisphere. His word is now law! And he is the judge, the jury and the executioner of that law."

"Yes and our new boss is extremely angry! Just after I got this cable about an hour ago and just before you came into my office with that dancer, I got a call from Fazzi and he is not at all pleased. He demanded that we report to him tomorrow afternoon, at his home. He was, however, kind enough to tell me to be ready to explain why we felt it necessary to run another check on his future son-in-law. I tried to explain, but he was livid on the subject. No one but no one is to investigate or interfere with Sgt. Benson or the Worthington family ever again without his written permission. Joseph, in particular is to be treated as his adopted son, which he intends to do as soon as he converts to Islam."

"I'll bet he even knows about Dina." Hassan said.

"We must assume that he knows everything and if we don't want our families to be sent to martyr training school - we had better have some good answers for him."

"Why didn't you let me get the rest of the tape Dina had? If the pervert and Joseph are lovers, we could have used it to perhaps bribe or black mail Joseph." Hassan inquired. "I bet it is a real hot tape. "

"It most likely is extremely hot. But using it to blackmail Joseph? I don't think so! Not as a single young male in the army! He would most likely want to order copies to sell or give to all his Army buddies. It might serve as proof that he was not gay, if the army ever were to charge him as such. He would make sure that everyone saw it. It would add another notch to his pistol. Even more likely he would find a way of using it in one those damn classes of his on Arab culture and/or Arab sexual practices!" Alli jested. "Forget that fucking tape. There is a more important thing that I have to do first. A bad blunder that I made must be corrected as soon as possible. I have to debug his damn car. All that bastard Fazzi needs to find out is that I've been bugging his son and I'll be back in that small village where I was born digging vegetables out of the ground with my bare hands, if I'm lucky."

"You bugged him????"

"Yes damn it. I thought it would be useful to be able to find out where and with whom he met in the next few days." Alli said. "I know where he will be parking his car tonight and I will remove it myself tonight. I realize now that it was not a good idea to place a bug on the car in the first place."

"Why is that?"

"Monday morning, or whenever he returns to base, he might have had to pass through their security and they would have discovered it anyway." Alli said. "That would have been a disaster. They would start asking too many questions and who knows what they would have come up with. This might have brought in the FBI and then Fazzi-might have been compromised. Anyway I will remove it tonight."

"Why not have a technician do it?"

"Because I want to make sure it has been done and I don't trust them to do it right." Allie said. "Now let's figure out what we are going to tell Fazzi tomorrow."

About the same time as Dina was in the Consulate and after Bill had left, Joseph went up to Rich's apartment and got ready for Rich's return. He took a shower and after that he ordered a pizza for supper. He was lying around in Rich's bathrobe when he decided to place a call to Fazzi.

"Hello Fazzi here."

"Good evening Habibi. I miss you and I felt the need to speak with you. I hear you have good news for me," Joseph said. "Dina told me the great news and I'm really happy about it. Did she tell you how and why she decided to do it?"

"Well not in so many words or the details. You naughty boy! Why didn't you tell me you were going to the Cafe last night."

"Because I did not know I was going. It was really a last minute decision and Sarah suggested it and everyone just almost forced me to go." He laughed.

"I'll just bet they forced you." Fazzi smiled into the phone. 

"Anyway, the Worthingtons and myself bombarded her with requests for her to appear and she finally said she would call her agent and see what could be done. She asked me to meet her for lunch this afternoon and she told me the good news." Joseph relayed to him.

"So you had lunch with her - anything else?" he asked warily.

"You know I don't like to lie to you, Habibi. Do you really want to know the truthful answer?"

After a few seconds of thoughtful reflection Fazzi said, "Do you still love me Yussef?"

Trying to evade the question, he said, "You know that whatever I did-I did it for you. I thought I had to show my appreciation for her making you so happy." And then he continued, "Look, I could lie to you and tell you that my thoughts were of you all the time, but you would never believe it. Would you care to hear all the details or will you just accept my apology?"

"You know, Habibi, I have never had a lover like you. You prostituted yourself out to others for my sake and then you ask me to forgive you...Darling it is I that should be asking your forgiveness. I should beg you to forgive me for making you feel that you even had to do this for me. Yussef, I love you more than ever, if that is possible, but I will not have you feeling that you have to do things like this to prove your love for me. No, not that, not now, not ever again! There is only one thing that I want from you. You know that it has been my dream and fantasy to have you beside me forever as my life partner. I know that within your culture and even to some extent my culture this is impossible without marriage. I am working out another way to have that become reality, but there is one thing more you must do to make it happen."

"What is that lover?"

"I want to adopt you as my son, but to do that you must be a Moslem."

"You know I could never do that, I am what I am and so far I can see no reason to change, yet."

"Yes I know that, but I keep praying you will and I think that in time you may come around. All I ask is that you keep an open mind and please consider it! That would make me the happiest man alive." Fazzi begged. "Then you and I will then be able to be together. Our lives will be entwined both legally and physically and you will become a full true partner and you will inherit all my estate, just like if we were married. No one would question our relationship after that."

"Even though I do not think I will ever change my mind, for now and for your sake, I will consider it. But if I do decide to convert, it will be for my sake, not yours and not because of the inheritance. Perhaps as I learn more - you never can tell. I wish you were here now, habibi. I really miss you." He lied.

Fazzi was extremely pleased with Joseph's replies. The fact that the soldier prostituted himself out to buy something that he thought would make him happy really delighted Fazzi. And now here was his lover leaving the door open to conversion. What more could he ask for? He would truly rather have Joseph choose to convert out of conviction, than any other reason. So he happily changed the subject and continued in a lighter vain.

"You say you miss me and say it even after your bedroom gymnastics this afternoon?" he asked.

"Yes and let's never bring that up again. I don't know what devil came into my body and possessed it, but that will never happen again. I wish it never happened. Can you forgive me?"

"I know in my heart that you are lying to me now, however in spite of this you are still my true love - always pure - my Christian Knight on the White Charger..."

"Now stop that or I'll forget about the party they are giving me this evening and run to your bed instead...."

"I must be confused but I thought the party was last night."

"No last night was just a family get together, tonight is the real thing. Rich and I are going to meet an old friend for dinner and a few drinks. AND we will not be going see any belly dancers-unless it is to see that male dancer we saw last night." Joseph jested.

"In that case I should insist that you come home right after the party late tonight." Fazzi said in jest also. "But like I told you I'm going to be away at meetings and not even home tonight and most of Sunday. You are always welcome to come here even when I'm not here. The housekeeping staff has been informed that they are to serve you like they do myself. That is why you have your own key. Perhaps you will see fit to come on Sunday evening...."

The downstairs buzzer began to sound. "I'll see, but someone is at the door and I must get going if I'm to be ready. It's getting late. Bye now." Joseph said and hung up the phone as he ran to answer the buzzer.

"Who is it?" He asked into the building intercom.

"The Pizza you ordered."

"Oh yes! Ok I'll buzz you in."

After paying off the delivery man and placing the Pizza in the oven, Joseph turned on Rich's CD Player and chose a record that he knew Rich would like and then sat on the daybed nude and waited for his man to come home. Closing his eyes and listening to the music he soon drifted off. He didn't know how long he was asleep, but the pressure of warm, wet and hot lips on his cock soon woke him up. Looking down he saw Rich's smiling eyes looking up at him from his crotch. Rich's tongue was swirling around and over his cock head.

"Damn what a nice way to wake up." Joseph said as he stretched his arms and legs out. "How did your class go today?"

"It went well. We did a bit of the 'Bard' and some other readings." Rich said. "How did the meeting with Dina "the snake" go? Is she going to perform? Please note that I did not ask anything else."

"So noted." Joseph answered. "She is going to perform. Only one thing you should know. I think the bitch had my car bugged. When I go back here I ran a scan and found a bug. Barns was here and for now we are going to leave it in place."

"Why?"

"Because it would look funny if I were to remove it right away, besides it is only a directional bug and I have no problem with their knowing where I am at any given moment."

"I smell Pizza and I'm hungry." Rich said as he went to the oven and retrieved the warm pie. "Come lets eat and then we can shower together."

Joseph got up and put on the bathrobe and went over to the refrigerator, took out two cans of beer and opened them and joined Rich at the table. "You know I wish we did not have to go out tonight. I would rather spend it with just the two of us at home."

"That's sweet, but it's a little late for that now. Frank would kill us if we backed out at the last minute."

"I'm not saying we should or even suggesting it babe. It was just wishful thinking." He said as both of them silently ate the pizza and drank beer.

Rich took his last sip of beer and seeing that something was on Joseph's mind finally broke the silence, "You sound like you have something on you mind. Something that I might not want to hear.... Well you are right. I don't wish to hear it, so keep it to yourself. I told you before that that stuff is 'Office work' and I'm not interested in what goes on at the office."

"I know you did babe, but I feel that I should tell you everything." Joseph said. "I don't want there to be any secrets between us."
