 It's late afternoon on a lovely summers day and instead of catching the bus home you decide to walk. Your route takes you alongside a large park which you choose to walk through rather than around and after a hectic day in the office, you enjoy the peace and tranquillity.

Although you have never used it, you are aware of the small toilet block near one of the entrances, hidden behind trees and other foliage. As you walk you become increasingly aware of the effect two cups of coffee and a glass of water are having so you head towards it.

As you enter the inside looks very gloomy after the bright sunlight and you step up to the stall, undo your zip, release your penis and wait for the relief to begin. It doesn't take long and once in full flow you look around. It is only then that you see at the far end of the row another man standing close in to the wall with only his upper body visible above the porcelain modesty screen. 

You think nothing of this and given the great British reserve in these circumstances, you just look down and concentrate on not splashing your shoes. 

Out of the corner of your eye, however, at the extreme edge of your peripheral vision you become aware of small, almost imperceptible, regular movement from the other man. A surreptitious glance towards his direction confirms the movement is coming from his upper arm and is obviously connected to an activity lower down. He is studiously looking at the wall above his head and does not return your look.

You realise he is masturbating albeit gently, and suddenly you are intrigued. Up to now you have never given much thought to other men doing what you do quite frequently in the privacy of your home, but there is something about the fact that somebody very close to you is doing it, and it excites you.

As your flow subsides you have to make a decision. Are you going to shake your penis, tuck it away, zip yourself up and walk out, or are you going to stay for a little while and see what happens? You shake the drips off anyway and realise as you do that it is now a little bit thicker and longer that it would normally be.

You shake it a few more times than is necessary then decide to do what he is doing and just remain still between the modesty wings. You can feel yourself getting harder and a glance towards him again shows the movements are more pronounced now. He can tell you are interested.

You look away again and are amazed that it is having such an effect on you. You would never have dreamt of deliberately going with another man but suddenly finding it like this -- suddenly you want to see what will happen. 

You remain still for a little while until a loud sniff draws your eyes back to him and you see he has moved back a bit, not so that you can see his penis, but now quite clearly showing you his actions. He is masturbating openly and encouraging you to be his audience, and moves a bit further back so you get an unrestricted view of his erection and the movement he is applying to it. He looks quickly across at you to see if you are watching and when he sees you are he turns partially towards you. You can now see he has his balls out of his fly as well and his other hand moves down to cup and caress them.

You are still facing the wall, protected from his gaze by the screen, but his eyes look at your rear with an unspoken request for him to be able to look at you. You look down at your own erection, solid with your foreskin drawn right back and your glans fully exposed, and cautiously step back a little.

As you come fully into his view he stares at your penis and his hand movements speed up. He is clearly excited by what he is seeing and moves a couple of stalls toward you but not close enough to be threatening. You can see him more clearly now too, and see his skin slipping easily on and off his wet helmet and you realise he has probably been turned on for some time. You get wet yourself but it takes a little time to materialise.

You are wanking yourself now but slowly as you are so turned on it would not take much to make you spurt. Never in a month of Sundays would you have contemplated doing anything like this but now it is happening you are more sexually aroused than you have been for a very long time.

You watch each other for a few minutes then he steps closer and extends his hand towards you and, removing your own hand, you move slightly closer and let his take its' place. He offers you his penis and you gently take hold of it. You are amazed by how hot and solid it feels and how sticky his precum is and you start to wank him gently like he is yours. 

The feelings you are getting from both his fingers on you and his penis in your hand are tremendous and can feel your own and his excitement increasing until you know you are going to cum. You tell him this and he responds in a hoarse whisper.

'Go on let it go, let me see it.'

That is enough for you and you feel yourself go past the point of no return. You turn slightly back to the porcelain as your first jets spit fiercely out and hit the wall then the rest come out more slowly and end up in the trough below. You are grunting and jerking as you cum and part way through yours you see him push his crotch forward and his sperm arcs out of his cock to land on the floor close to your feet. 

He is jerking slightly as well and making soft guttural sounds with each spurt, and you just stare in fascination at the first man you have ever watch ejaculate apart from yourself.

As soon as the sensation has passed you shake the last drop off the end and hurriedly tuck your softening cock away, make yourself presentable, and hurry out of the toilet. You are glad it is still warm and sunny outside as that could well be the excuse for your bright red cheeks but it wouldn't explain the inner trembling and heart pounding you feel. 

You don't look back as you walk away but you know you will be walking home more often now.