 My dad was mad as soon as I told him I wanted to spend the Summer in Pine Flat. But then, my dad was mad most of the time. He said, "You're not going to fucking spend the Summer away and you're not going to go stay with your fucking sister!" Wow! How did he know that Olivia was fucking?

But I said, "No, no. See, I can stay with Mark (my cousin) and Stan (my uncle). They want me to." But, he wouldn't budge. Mark was all disappointed but he always had ideas and he told his dad, my Uncle Stan, to talk to my dad so he and my uncle convinced my dad that everyone would get a break. And after all, he never had any problems with Mark so I might learn a thing or two. My dad was a woose so he gave in.

I was so happy. I would be free like Mark because Uncle Stan was a girl-chaser and hardly ever around. I figured Mark and me were plenty old enough to know what to do with free time. He was a cocksucker who did it with his boyfriend. I was an almost-cocksucker because I only did it four times because I could never get out enough, same as my sister except she escaped to go to college where she went sorta wild even getting gang-banged to "fuck the rage out of" her. Ha-ha. Like that was ever advertised as a treatment for anger! I wondered what doctor told her that! Maybe she learned it in college because they teach all kinds of things there.

When we got to Pine Flat, Uncle Stan said he had to leave so me and Mark went to the back of the house and through the porch door and to Mark's bedroom on the left. Mark said, "Yeah, I bet he's going out chasing skirts" and I asked, "You mean someone's laundry got away?" I laughed. "It's dark out. He'll never find anything." Between him and my sister, there sure were a lot of gullible people in my family.

Uncle Stan was nice, so nice that he walled off the big back porch to make two bedrooms, one for Mark and one for his older brother Eddie who went off to Army. Then, he turned a back laundry room into a bathroom and a storage closet into a mini kitchen and he did it all for privacy so Mark and Eddie didn't have to come into the house when he had to "do his business". He must have had an important job because the door to the house was locked most of the time.

I hadn't seen Olivia since Mother's Day. She picked us up and drove to Huntsman's Restaurant. She was her same ragey self, sneering nose, smoking outside, a new tattoo-- on her arm, okay? She didn't show us on her privates. We're not like that.

She was glad to be away from Allendale so she could fuck, fuck, fuck and gangbangs were revenge on our father and took her to explosions and then she could live in peace for awhile. But, after doing it at campus parties, she figured that revenge sex would be better if she let creepy, sweaty, guys old as our father gangbang her. "It's like, 'In your face, daaaaady!' It's like him being tied up and having to watch while sweaty perves screw his daughter. Yeah, older guys. Best fucking ever!"

Older guys were the best? Wow, I really did learn a lot from my sister and I figured, if it was that good then, "I want to do it!"

Her face twisted. "What the fuck?"

"Yeah, exactly! And, like you said, older guys!"

"Listen you freaky little cocksucker, it won't work for you."

"Wh . . . Why not?" I protested.

"Because, you queer homo, you've never taken a dick down your throat. Those guys go deep and hard and you can't even deepthroat a toothpick!"

"Yeah I can!" I reached for the toothpicks until Mark grabbed my hand.

"You fall for everything."

"No I don't. Like, these girls were talking at the mall and one said she put Velveeta on her butt and a guy licked it off and then the other girl was all, 'Well that just goes to show you that there really is cheese on the moon'. I laughed at them and told them there's no such thing. See!"

Her head shook. "Fucktard!" She began rummaging through her purse. "Dammit, no change for a tip!"

She was going to leave? Desperation set in and I asked her how I could do what she did and she said, "Look Brynn, you can't deepthroat so forget it."

"I can learn!"

"In that case, I have two pieces of advice. First, get Uncle Stan to buy you a dildo."

I nodded, "Okay, okay. Then what?"

She put her face close to mine. "Then, go fuck yourself!"

She went to the cashier.

"See Mark? She went from saying 'forget it' to telling me how I could start. She's totally in!"

Mark questioned me but I said if she said it was the best sex then she would know. After all, she was in college. She returned with her keys in her hand and told us to walk back to Pine Flat. She turned to leave.

"Wait!" Mark said. "I got an idea. Why should Brynn have to teach himself with a dildo? Why can't your older guy see if he knows someone, you know, to train him?"

Olivia growled, "No fucking way! I'm not going to have my stupid little brother fuck things up for me. Like I said, go fuck yourself." Well duh, I already agreed to that.

"But Olivia," Mark persisted, "you know what it's like to live in Allendale and be grounded and restricted and yelled at. You got your escape so now, you gotta help Brynn get his. You have to."

"I don't have to do anything!" She hissed. "But . . . I see your point. Okay, I'll think about it."

"But also think about if you help Brynn, it's like double revenge."

Her fingers tapped on dark Naugahyde and she said, "Well, I never thought about that. Maybe. Maybe."

"You can at least talk to your guy. You can at least do that much."

She shrugged. "Double revenge?" She paused. "Okay look, I'll talk to Jeffers but whatever he says, that's that. I'm not going to push it and fuck up my own fucking. I'll let you know."

She called the next morning. "I explained things to Jeffers and he knows a guy who likes to work with newbies."

"He's a farmer?"

"What the hell?"

"You said new beans."

"Fucktard. 'Newbies'. It means he likes to work with queers who don't know shit. Anyway, he'll train your fucking throat. I told Jeffers to not have him call you until after 2pm. His name is Tom."

I was practically jumping and I thanked her a zillion times.

"You'll thank me by not fucking this up. You better fucking do it right or I'll beat the shit out of you, you freaky little cocksucker!"

And she COULD beat the shit out of me. Fact, most girls could. I was about the size of an average girl only skinnier, less aggressive, and easily intimidated. And I heard about her beating a skinny boy after school. She pummeled his face and then sat on it while others watched and laughed. That was the last thing I wanted for my face, I mean getting all pummeled like that.

Right at 2pm, my phone rang.

"Is this Brynn?" a smooth voice asked.

"Yeah. Who is this?"

"Tom."

Oh yeah. Like duh ... what other older man had ever called me?

"I don't want to talk on the phone so just answer one question with 'yes' or 'no'. Okay? I'm told you're looking for some throat training. Yes or no."

"Yeah."

"Ahhhh, good. So, let's meet and talk. When are you available?"

"Now."

He laughed. "Well, I'm a business man so I can't just drop everything right now. Take an hour or so to arrange things. How about at three."

"'kay."

"Where do you live?"

"At home."

"Yes, well I suppose we all live at home. I mean, where is home?"

"Allendale."

"Damn. Too far. I thought you were in Pine Flat."

"I am."

"But, you said Allendale."

"I'm staying with my Uncle and cousin."

"And where is that?"

"Pine Flat."

He sighed.

"Like you go past Colby's General Store and take a right on McLellan and-"

"No Brynn. I don't want to pick you up there. I would be ... uncomfortable ... I mean because ... it's a dirt road and I just got my car washed." Well, that sure made sense. "I'll meet you at the east end of Colby's boardwalk. I'll be driving a blue four-door."

I got there early and boy was I glad I did because I realized that I didn't know which way was east. A big rancher kind of man was leaving the store and I ran to him and asked which end was east.

"It's that way." He pointed to the right hand side of the building. "Why?"

"Well because I'm suppose to meet a man I never met and go with him in his car."

The man's eyebrows tilted. "You're going to meet a man you don't know and go with him in his car? And do what?"

"He's going to train my throat!"

"What the hell?" He eye-balled me for a few seconds. "Do you sing?"

I said "Yeah" because, duh, doesn't everybody? "Anyway, he's a friend of the family."

He shook his head and got in his pickup and left. Wow, what was HIS problem? Anyway, I was glad he was gone, but if he hadn't left, I had something else I could say that was sure to make him leave. I would have told him, "He's like a best friend of the man who helps my sister's anger with that new gang-bang treatment." Yeah, that would have done it!

A few minutes before three, a blue car slowed, its right blinker flashed, and it pulled up while the passenger window was going down.

"Brynn?" he said while pushing the door open.

As soon as I was in, he moved quickly to the highway. He said he was Tom and I felt a lot of relief because that told me I got into the right car.

"We'll go down the road here a little. There's a picnic area. You can relax because I'm ... I'm very experienced with this kind of thing. I've trained five . . . I mean fiftee . . . what am I saying? I've trained nearly fifty newbies like you. And I'm patient."

He liked that I smiled. Of course I smiled. I knew what "newbies" meant.

"In fact Brynn, I'm licensed."

"You are?"

"Oh yeah. Studied with ... the masters. Passed my exam on the first try. If you ask other trainers, they'll tell you there is no such thing but, well, that's only because they're too lazy to study."

He drove. I fidgeted.

"Almost there. We can talk. Make sure we're on the same page."

"What page?"

He laughed. "Well . . . uh . . . the manual. Yeah, the manual. It tells all the procedures to fuc ... further the correct training, unlike other guys who don't know. In fact, I ... I have it memorized, so when I say something, you know it's from the manual."

He pulled onto a dirt road that was a horseshoe back to the highway. He parked under some shady pines and rolled the windows down.

"So you see Brynn, you're lucky that Jeffers talked me into this. It's work and it's taking time from my business, but I make sacrifices for newbies. You're also lucky because training like this, other instructors would charge you a hundred ... I mean ... a thousand dollars, but I'm going to do it for free because, well, as a favor to Jeffers and because we all like your sister."

Jeffers "likes" my sister? More like he fucks my sister.

After a few seconds he said, "So Brynn. You haven't said much. If you're afraid of all this, then tell me and we won't do it."

Instantly I reacted. "No! I'm not afraid of ... that. It's just . . .I've never been around older men. They never talk to me, well except unless they yell at me."

"Brynn, I'm not going to yell. A lot of trainers yell, but not me."

"Whewww!" I breathed.

"So, we still haven't talked about exactly what this is so why don't you tell me what you think throat training means."

"It's you teaching me how to take your cock down my throat."

He broke into laughter. "Well damn, so much for shyness. Yes, that's what it is. And is that what you want, my cock down your throat, for training, I mean?"

"Uh-huh. I want to learn."

"Ahhhh very good. So Brynn, have you ever sucked on a cock before?"

I lifted four fingers.

"Four times? And did all four of those cocks cum?"

"Yeah."

"You understand that these questions are ... are from the manual ... for better training. Did you like sucking those cocks.?

Almost before he completed the question my head was nodding. He asked if I swallowed "their jiz ... I mean semen, the formal words from the manual" and I answered "Yes". "What about the taste?"

"I didn't taste anything but I liked that they really liked that I did it when they told me to."

"Mmmm I like that. It means you're good at following an instructor's direction. You might just be one helluva cocksucker."

I smiled. "Thank you."

"For what?"

"For calling me a cocksucker."

"Ohhh, you like being called a cocksucker?"

"Yeah and especially by you because you're a professional."

"Yes. I am. I am a professional and I will say it to your face: Brynn, you are a cocksucker."

He made me feel so good and very proud. Too bad our training wasn't about cocksucking.

"So the question is, are you sure you want to do this?" and when I agreed we shook hands to commit to it. "But, there is something you must know, from the manual I mean. Once we begin, we have to do the complete program. Stopping would be frustrating . . . you know, frustrating because you would only be partly trained."

Well, since I already agreed to do it, I couldn't back out now, not with a sister like Olivia.

He smiled and pulled the car back onto the highway. Ceste Lake Motel was just up the road. It was an old, western-style motel with drab brown paint and shutters engraved with cowboys lassoing nothing but air. What a waste of energy.

"Hell, on Bachnal Weekend, you can't get a room. But, this is Tuesday so there won't be hardly anyone there."

"What's 'Bachnal Weekend'?"

Tom explained that on the third weekend of every month, college students came to the lake and partied and fucked and carried on like a Bachnalia festival. "They mostly hang out at Foster's Dock where the rich kids bring houseboats they rent for $800. Off to the west is Sheckel Shore which is mostly older guys who camp and drink and watch the fucking and weirdness around the dock, then go back to the Sheckel where they wank and hope to get lucky with the few cocksuckers who go there."

I saw the oversized wagon wheel that signaled the motel was near.

He asked if I sucked those four other guys with just my mouth or if I or any of them used their hands. I told him it was all my mouth and he smiled.

He angled the car onto the unpaved motel parking lot, went to the office, and returned with a credit card key between his fingers. The layout of the motel was like the small letter "h". He drove down the longest stem nearly to the end.

"Yeah, this will be good. Away from the highway. I don't need anyone seeing me going into a motel room with a coc . . . completely busy day back at the business."

We entered and he stepped to the right and switched on a wall-mounted heater/air conditioner. "Get rid of that musty smell. And I guess we don't need these." He pulled two thick outer drapes over a gossamer inner drape leaving the opposite ceiling-high rectangular window over the bathroom sink to shine sunlight. He seemed about six feet tall with a medium build and hair that mixed grey among blond.

"Well Brynn, if it was up to me, I would go straight to throat training. Most other trainers would. But, based on what you've said, I have to tell you about an option you have. It's an option to ... to sense what your mouth is ready for. Yeah, because how can a trainer take you to the next step if he doesn't know where you are already? Like I said, I would rather go to training, but if you say you so, then the manual says to do it."

"Do what?"

"Well, if you want me to sense what your mouth can do, then you can tell me you want to suck on my cock. I'm not going to tell you what to decide but it is something that is recommended."

"Really? Then I want to suck your cock!"

"Well then why don't you just go ahead and get down on your knees? And, do it like you did those other four, only go slow."

I was soon on my knees and his cock was before my face. I gasped because it was so hard and suckable. I just slow-sucked on the end and then I started moving forward and back real slow. It had been soooo long! I looked up and his head was back and his eyes closed and he was breathing hard. Wow, he sure did concentrate on sensing.

I loved-loved it and closed my eyes. Not only was my trainer a pro, but he was so nice. He was letting me suck his cock! I was in dreamland until I realized something bad. I wasn't just sucking my instructor. Instead for me, I was sucking Tom's cock and that was bad because it was suppose to be training and not personal. If he found out, he might get upset and if he did, then Olivia would be mad.

He pulled his cock out and I panicked that he had figured it out. Instead, he went to the window and peaked through the edge of the curtain after hearing a car on the gravel outside. Then my head showed me my situation. I was in an old motel with a naked man who was older than my father and I was on my knees and sucking on his cock. It felt like what I figured sleaze felt like.

"Ah, just the maintenance man. He's gone now." He came back to me and put his hard seven-inches to my lips and that's when I realized that I really liked the taste of sleaze. Moments later he pulled away again and said that even though he was a professional trainer, he was also a man and he was close to cumming and if he did, we would never get to training.

"Because it's personal you mean?"

He looked confused. "I don't know what you're talking about."

I was happy. "If you cum in my mouth, why do we have to stop? You can always do it again."

"Come again?"

"Exactly!"

"You mean, if I cum in your mouth, you'll stay and do it again?"

"Yeah, however many."

"Damn Brynn. So... uh ... now that I know that, then it's okay, according to the manual, for the student to suck off the instructor." I liked that he said student and instructor and not him and me personally. "Like we said before, we don't want to stop before it's done which means if you do it, I have to cum ... I mean, ejaculate ... in your mouth. You know that don't you? Swallowing is recommended, but it's up to you. Do you want to swallow?"

"If you tell me to."

"Ahhh yeah. I want you to. But wait until I tell you to so I can watch ... I mean ... to evaluate things."

I started sucking real slow again and wow, he was sensing things even more this time. After awhile, he said, "Brynn, we can skip a few steps ahead in your training if you ... if you let me fuck your mouth." Well, even though we weren't really training yet, I learned something important. It's really hard to nod with a hard-hard cock in your mouth.

"I go the extra mile, he said, "to make sure you get what you deserve." He was slow-fucking my mouth but not to my throat and he asked, "Is this what those other boys did?" I tried to nod again. Then, he went faster and he made noises and his eyes were closed and he went slower and then repeated the cycle several times and he held my head and then his cock jumped and it spurted over and over again while his body was all tense and I felt his jizz ... I mean, his semen going inside of me. And, when he was done, he fell to his back on the bed.

It seemed like ten minutes before he rose and looked at me. His head tilted and then, he laughed. "Oh yeah, I forgot. You need to be told. Go ahead. Swallow, Brynn. Then, show me."

So, I swallowed and then I showed him and he said I was good and I should come and suck on his cock again to make sure it was as clean and I soft-sucked it and I loved it when he patted my head.

After a few minutes, he asked if I was ready to start throat training and I was very excited. He told me to lean against the wall and then he put his cock back in my mouth and his hands on my head and he pushed against my throat and then again and again. Then he pulled it out and asked if I felt like I was gagging and I said "No" and he asked, "Really?" and I said "No" again. I felt sorry for him because some older guys are hard of hearing. He poked and prodded at my throat a few more times and said he couldn't believe that I had no gag responses and I figured it must have been left out when I was assembled at the factory.
