 You have resisted the temptation to walk home through the park for a few days but your mind has been drawn back time and time again to the events in the toilet. Every time you think of it you've had an erection and on a couple of occasions you've taken yourself in hand in the office toilets until your sperm has jetted into the bowl. The recollection of the experience is tremendously exciting.

Eventually you cannot resist it any longer and it is a gloomy day when you once again make you way to the partially hidden brick building. Your heart is pounding and you keep your hands in your pockets to hide the trembling, but your excitement is intense as you enter the half dark interior.

You go straight to a stall and unzip yourself and take your penis out, your not completely flaccid but already wet penis, before looking around to see the place is empty. The anti-climax is tremendous and you feel all your expectations drain away. You stand there for a minute idly masturbating in the hope that someone else might appear but you don't hold out much hope and never get more than half hard.

You are just about to pack up and go when the sound of a loud sniff draws your attention to the two stalls opposite the urinals. The door of one is closed but the other is partially open and you move along the stalls to peer round to see if there is anyone in there. From your new position it appears to be unoccupied but what you can see is a hole in the dividing partition about two inches in diameter and about crotch height.

You realise that the sniff must have come from the occupied stall and with rising excitement you enter the vacant one and close and lock the door. You sit on the seat and bend forward to look through the hole. What you see is an eye looking through at you so you pull back quickly. You are nervous at being recognised but want to see what the other person is doing so you sit still and wonder whether to leave or not.

As you are thinking, you see a finger just tap the edge of the hole and withdraw. When you don't react it happens again so you gingerly bend forward to look again. This time there is no eye. What you see is a mans erect penis sticking up from his hairy pubis and his balls hanging below. He has his trousers and pants down and is sitting turned towards the hole so he is clearly on view. His foreskin is pulled tightly back and in the dim light you watch as he starts rubbing his cock up and down.

Suddenly you are really aroused and struggle to get your own penis out without taking your gaze off the action next door. His masturbation stops and you see his body moving then his eye again appears at the hole. He is wanting to see yours now and waits for you to react. 

You stand up and move out of his direct vision then lower your trousers and pants before moving back into his line of sight. You stand close enough to the hole so that he isn't able to see much of you apart from your genitals and start rubbing yourself. You know he can see your swollen glans and the precum liberally coating it and a surge of it leave a long string hanging down towards the floor.

As you stand there exhibiting yourself to this unknown man and gently rubbing yourself, you look around for the first time. The walls are covered with crude drawings of sex action and spurting penises and it is obviously a well used venue for this type of activity. You continue to rub yourself with rising excitement when a discreet cough and some shuffling movements cause you to bend down and look through again.

This time he is standing up facing the hole as you had with his glans pointing straight toward you. As you watch he moves forward then his penis starts coming through the wall until his hair is pressed against his side. You stare at it then gingerly reach out to feel it and wrap your hand round it. It is hard and hot and the skin slides easily over his purple exposed glans as you gently wank him. There is some precum at the end but nothing to match your own, and with your thumb you spread it over his helmet. 

You feel him twitch slightly as you do so you repeat the movement several times and can feel his reactions and, if anything, increased rigidity until he suddenly pulls it back through the hole. You bend down to see him standing still, gripping his cock tightly under the glans and obviously holding back his climax in much the same way as you do sometimes.

When he has calmed down he bends down to look at you then makes a beckoning motion with his finger and points to his own cock at the same time. He is asking you to push yours through the hole but initially you are reluctant to do so until he looks at you again and mouths 'It's OK.'

You move forward and gently push your penis through the hole until you too are pressed against the wall. You feel his hand on you and relax as he masturbates you, an unknown hand giving you vastly increased pleasure over what you normally provide for yourself. You are slightly concerned when the action stops and you detect some movement on the other side but then you suddenly feel yourself surrounded by something warm and wet and you realise he has taken you in his mouth.

One or two of your girl friends have fellated you in the past, usually when you were returning the compliment, but it had never felt like this. The person on the other side of the thin partition obviously knows what he is doing and the tongue movements on your glans are seriously heightened by the total anonymity of the situation. Here is someone sucking you and taking you deeply into their mouth and you haven't the faintest idea of who they are or what they look like – other than the little you have seen through the hole.

You suddenly feel dangerously close to your orgasm so you pull back and stand twitching looking down at your penis now wet and glistening down its' whole length, willing yourself not to ejaculate. You succeed and when you have calmed down a little you look through the hole again. 

He is looking through and again you see him mouthing something silently at you. 'What's wrong?' 

You silently form the words 'I was going to cum.' so he can see. 

You see his mouth moving again but this time you can hear a soft whisper, 'Good, go on then, I'd love you to. In my mouth.'

You hesitate for a few seconds before his encouraging nod persuades you to stand up again and feed your solid penis back through the hole. You feel his mouth accept you again and his tongue rolling round your rim and trying to push into your pisshole, and you can feel your tension rising. Suddenly he pulls off you and you hear a hoarse whisper 'Go on, don't hold back.' before you are once again surrounded by warm wet flesh.

This time you just let yourself go and rapidly approach the point where you know that nothing you can do will prevent you from cumming. You press hard against the partition as you spurt hard time after time into his mouth and you can dimly feel him swallowing as you do. You are grunting softly and the whole of your being is concentrated on the amazing feeling as you empty yourself into his very receptive mouth. 

As your contractions die down you start to pull away and feel him sucking hard on you as you slide away from him. You are still twitching dryly as you come fully into view and you just stand there with your forehead resting against the wall as you calm down. You stay like this for a minute oblivious to the shuffling noise from the next cubicle, then bend down and pull your pants and trousers up. 

As you do you glance through the hole again to see a side view of him sitting on the toilet slowly rubbing his hard cock, waiting for the next one to suck off.

You dress quickly and cautiously open the door, relieved that there is nobody else at the stalls, and hurry outside. You have to control your pace as you walk and as you do you feel more lubrication flow out of you into your underwear. 

You are completely smitten now and know that you will be a regular visitor from now on.