 I board a train, going somewhere. The destination is unimportant, but I know there's going to be a long time between stops. It's an old fashioned train, with those first class compartments where you can shut the door and lower the blinds. I enter one on my own, and as the train seems pretty empty, I close the door, lower the blinds and pull a book from my bag. The train pulls away, and I lose myself in my book.

Soon after, the door opens and someone walks in and sits down. I don't pay them any attention, as I'm engrossed in my book. More time passes, and I lower my book to give my eyes a rest. Across from me is a man, about my age, long dark straight hair falling across his shoulders. He's wearing a leather jacket, black tight jeans, a white t-shirt on a well toned chest and a pair of boots. I look at his face, shaved, with dark eyes. He looks up and notices me staring, and I blush. He smiles and asks me what I'm reading. We strike up a conversation about books, and soon move onto life in general. As all conversations seem to, the topic eventually drifts round to sex. He tells me he is bi-curious. He's blushing when he says this, which I find quite cute. I tell him I'm the same, and that I've always wanted to give a blow-job. There's an awkward silence for a few moments, then, before I know what I'm doing, I'm sat next to him.

My heart is in my mouth. Thoughts race through my brain. What the fuck am I doing? Before I can process any of this, he leans forward and kisses me on the lips. I respond in kind. It feels so good. His tongue slips into my mouth, and before long we are taken away by passion. We embrace each other whilst kissing, and my hands run through his hair. He breaks away for a second, and removes his jacket, and we kiss some more. My hand slides down his chest. It feels strange to feel a man's chest, but not unpleasant. My hand continues down, and slides onto his thigh. I'm so nervous I feel like my heart's going to pull the stop cord and flee out of my chest, into the countryside. I move my hand further up, onto his crotch, and feel his cock through his jeans. It's hard, and feels large. I look at him and ask him, stutteringly "Do you want me to...y'know?". In reply he gently pushes my shoulders down, and then I'm staring at his jean covered crotch. 

He undoes his jeans and lifts himself as he slides them and his boxer shorts down. His cock springs into view. It's large, about 9 inches, and slightly thick. He's uncircumcised, and the foreskin has slid down a little. A small bubble of clear precum has formed on the head. Below his cock, his large testicles are pulled tightly against his groin, the scrotum is lightly trimmed. I stare at his crotch for what feels like an eternity. Am I really doing this? I ask myself. As if in reply to myself, my hand grasps his cock. He gasps. I slide the foreskin down, slowly, marvelling at it. I begin to gently wank him, moving my hand up and down at a leisurely pace. My other hand caresses his tight scrotum, carefully rolling the balls between my fingers. He makes noises of approval. After a few minutes of this, I decide to take the plunge....

I lean forward, and lick the head of his penis. The precum tastes mildly salty. He gasps in pleasure, and in that second I realise the power that women have. I smile to myself, then take his cock into my mouth. It's a weird sensation, It fills my mouth like nothing before. It's soft, yet unyielding. I slide my lips across to cover my teeth and begin to gently bob up and down on it, sucking lightly as I do so. As I do that, he moves his hips up and down, carefully fucking my mouth. His hands drop onto the back of my head, and he pushes me down further. I take more of his cock into my mouth, deeper. My own cock is straining in my pants, and I can feel precum dripping into my boxer shorts. As I suck his cock, I encircle the base with my right hand, and begin to slowly wank it. My left hand finds his scrotum, and I pull lightly at it. I can't believe I'm doing this, but it feels so right. My stranger is groaning now, thrusting into my mouth with more force. I begin to get a little apprehensive when I realise he can't be far from cumming, but I know I have to see this to the end. 

I pull my mouth away from his cock for a second, to give my aching jaw a slight rest, and flick my tongue across the head. His cock looks red and angry now, and fatter. I put the index finger of my left hand into my mouth, and make it really wet with spit. Then I press it against his puckered anus. "What...?" He begins to say. I tell his to trust me, and slowly push my finger past his sphincter. He groans loudly as more of my finger disappears into his arse, and once it's reached the first knuckle, I return to sucking at his cock. I stroke his prostate from the inside, fucking him with my finger while he fucks my mouth. His thrusts become more frenzied, and he begins to make guttural sounds, deep in his throat. His cock spasms, and suddenly my mouth is filled with cum. It's hot, a little hotter than I expected, and quite bitter. I try to swallow, but his cock, still spurting, slips from my mouth and his seed sprays across my cheek and my chin. I swallow what's in my mouth, it's salty and thick, not exactly pleasant, but oddly, not really unpleasant. Then I clamp my lips back onto his cock and suck the last drops from him. He shudders, and gasps. His hands slip from my head and his legs go limp. I gently slide my finger from his anus, and look up at him. He has his eyes closed, a dopey smile on his face. Then he opens his eyes to look at me. Our eyes lock, and he leans forward. I'm expecting him to kiss me, but instead his tongue darts out and he licks his semen from my face. He cleans it all up, then smiles at me again. Then we kiss.

I climb up onto the seat next to him as he pulls his pants up. I'm wiping my face with a towel from my bag and swilling some saliva round my mouth, to remove the slightly bitter taste when he turns to me. "That was fantastic," he says "I've never cum like that from a woman before." I smile. He's about to say something when the train judders to a halt. "Oh fuck," he exclaims "My stop." He jumps up, grabs his jacket and bag and opens the compartment door. He turns to me, as if to say something. I put a finger on my lips, to shush him, and he smiles again. Then he leaves, and the last I see of the first man I sucked off, is his lovely long dark hair, bouncing across his shoulders, leaving me alone with an aching cock, and a long journey ahead of me.