 I met them at my regular gym. I had noticed them noticing me right from the day they first showed up. Both were in their late 40's, early 50's, good looking and still maintaining attractive physiques. Finally one Friday night, the taller of the pair, Bob, approached me and asked if I'd like to join them for a drink.

There was a nice lounge right next door to the gym, and they got right to the point about halfway into a glass of wine. When they asked if I'd like to join them for an intimate three-way at their house, I simply asked "How long to get to your place?"

It was a ten minute drive out to a fairly high-end neighborhood. I parked in the driveway and Dennis met me at the door with another glass of wine. In the five minutes that they had arrived ahead of me, they had changed into long silk housecoats with apparently nothing on underneath, with the exception of Bob's foreskin.

I was directed to a large bedroom lit by a flickering fireplace and a TV glowing with erotic images of intense man-sex. I undressed as the pair shed their own coverings and when I was naked, I stood before them and let them admire my form. My cock was firm and straight-up erect when they came to me and we embraced in a three-way kiss as we pressed our pelvises together and enjoyed the tingles that came with the contact.

One of them stepped away and came back with a bottle of massage oil, and we took turns liberally applying the slick lotion to our tanned skins. I moaned and reached back and pulled one cheek apart from the other when a finger found my little pucker hole.

"Do you have toys?" I asked in a hoarse whisper. "I like toys." I had already thought that I'd like to give these two hot studs a sex show, and was craving a big dildo in my asshole before they fucked me.

Dennis reached over and opened a drawer in the mirrored dresser. It contained a nice assortment of vibrators and butt plugs, and I selected an 8-inch jelly dong that looked to be just right for the occasion.

I turned and showed them my fuckhole, and pressed the toy against my flesh until my sphincter yielded and it slipped in. I only pressed it in a couple of inches, and flashed a wicked smile over my shoulder at my hosts. I could tell by the look on their faces that they liked what they saw.

I moved to the bed and spent the better part of half an hour just pistoning the fuck toy in and out of my glistening fuck-hole. At the same time, I took the time to caress and lick their own rigid love shafts, and occasionally ran a slickened fist up and down my own cum-maker. Finally, I knew I needed to bring our lovemaking to the next level, and moved to the edge of the bed on my hands and knees, and they stood in front of me.

With one hand manipulating the toy in and out of my asshole, I took turns mouth fucking the pair of them. I worked them carefully, trying to bring them to orgasm as close together as possible, and my efforts were rewarded with almost simultaneous bursts of thick, hot jizz that filled my mouth and ran down my cheeks. It was magnificent! Spurts of silky mancream ran down my throat and covered my face as I moved my mouth from erupting cock to erupting cock.

As the last glistening drops of honey dribbled out of their love shafts, I used their stiff organs to smear the joyous liquid all over my face and lips, and licked them clean.

I looked up at them with a smile of pure ecstasy, and Dennis bent down and gave me a deep kiss.

"Now I want you to fuck me." I said, and swung around and lifted my legs and slowly pulled the dildo, which I had shoved all the way in as they came, out of my hungry fuckhole.

And fuck me they did. Dennis shoved his cock in me without hesitation, and just held it inside me balls deep. Bob stood right next to him, his arm around his lover. Dennis bent forward and kissed me again, and licked up a thick dollop of cum from my chin, which he shared with his lover. I smiled as the taste of fresh spunk did the trick and moved Bob's cock in the right direction, and Dennis began to pump his cock in my hole.

They took turns fucking me, and Bob's hand never left my cock the whole time. Occasionally I had to reach down and make Bob pause in his masturbation of me, as I had been right on the edge of cumming since about five minutes after I had shoved the dildo into my ass, and I was now using all of my self control just to keep from climaxing ahead of my lovers. The fucking just felt so good, I wanted it to last as long as I could.

Bob came first. Almost without warning, he gave a shout of pleasure and jammed his cock hard and deep. That was the moment I went over the edge, and a gusher of my own cream exploded from my cock. Thick, glistening streamers of cum shot all the way to my chest as Bob thrust hard and fast inside me. As soon as he was done cumming, he pulled out, but Dennis hesitated.

I looked up at him and nodded. "Fuck me! Fuck me! I want you to cum in me too!" I urged, and he jammed his cock into the my now cum-slicked hole and in seconds his face contorted with orgasmic pleasure and his man-cream mixed with that of his lover inside me.

I held his midsection with both hands and gently guided his body back and forth, needing to feel him inside me until my own pleasure plateau subsided. Finally, I gently pushed him back and luxuriated in the warm gush of cum that dribbled down my back to the sheets, and I knew the satisfaction that came with completely satisfying the raw need of them both.

We moved up the bed and enjoyed the porn in the post-sex glow before falling happily asleep.

I awoke to a hard cock against my thigh, and a hand gripping my cock. We cuddled and kissed and caressed. The thought of sucking the two of them just for a mouthful of cum crossed my mind, but instead I asked if I could watch them fuck while I played with a toy. 

Dennis instructed me to lube up his asshole, and I took a great deal of pleasure in probing his nicely puckered love opening with my fingers, and caressing his cock with my other hand. Once he was ready, he straddled his lover on the bed and rose up over Bob's big shaft. I poured some lube on Bob and lovingly caressed it as well, pulling the foreskin back to reveal his bulbous purple glans, and then guided it to the hole that it was no doubt well accustomed to being warmly encased in.

They fucked beautifully. Thrusting and grunting with pleasure. I found the dildo I had used on myself the night before and worked it into my hole as I knelt on the bed beside them. With one hand I made love to my cock, and with the other, I made love to my asshole. 

Bob masturbated his lover with the same rhythm that Dennis rode up and down Bob's love shaft, and soon a gossamer stream of nectar shot forth from Dennis's cum-maker and splattered eroticaly on Bob's belly. Bob was cumming at the same time, and moments later I let my own love nectar join the droplets on Bob's belly, and then we fell apart laughing with pleasure.

We showered and breakfasted, and over a feast of bacon and pancakes, the two studs teasingly asked if I'd like to do something "interesting" that night. When I asked them to define "interesting" they did, and it made me hard right then and there. Of course I said "yes".

After breakfast, they took me downstairs to their sex room. The size of a regular bedroom, it had a bench in the center, complete with stirrups. A long shelf held a row of dildo's, and lubes. Bob showed me a video camera that he used to film encounters, that replayed live on the 42" flat screens that hung in two corners of the room.

I spent the day in a kind of sexual haze, eagerly anticipating the pleasures of the evening ahead. I enjoyed a swim in the pool with my hosts, naked thanks to the high hedges surrounding their yard, and we all enjoyed a mid-afternoon brunch complete with some foods meant to boost sexual energy. I really enjoyed the fact that my youthful presence also worked to keep my hosts in a near constant state of turned-on, as well. Several times I had to exercise a great deal of impulse control, lest I garb one of them and drag him into the bedroom and run his cock up my ass or wrap my mouth around him and drain his balls right into my hungry mouth and belly.

Even though I was going to be the sex toy for several men, I was granted the privilege of setting out how the evening was going to play out. When I told them how I wanted the evening's play to unfold, they responded enthusiastically.

About an hour before the guests were due to arrive, we went to the sex room and I laid on the bench and adjusted the stirrups just as I liked, wanting the support for my legs to be just right as I expected to have my legs up and spread for quite some time.

Three other couples arrived at or near the appointed hour, all in their 40's and 50's, just like my hosts. Despite a bit of a middle-aged spread on one or two of them, they were all good looking and generally sexually attractive. Once I had them all naked and hard and oiled up, they would be sexually attractive enough, no doubt.

I made my entrance fifteen minutes after they had all assembled in the "encounter room." I came in wearing high heeled boots that accentuated my ass, and a chain around my neck that ran down to the crotchless leather shorts I was wearing. I had a butt plug in my asshole that had a tiger's tail on it. The room was lit by the glow of the TV and soft indirect lighting with a blue tinge to it. There were also black lights, which would lend a powerful eroticism to the room when the cum began to flow.

I paraded around the room, taking the time to kiss each man deeply on the mouth and on his cock.

I went around the room once, then took a tube of lipstick and marked each one from one to six on their chest. One of the guests- Mel- despite being probably the shortest man in the room, had the biggest cock. My asshole tingled in anticipation of his nine-inch nail plunging into me deep and hard. He was "six". 

I went to the shelf as Bob ran the camera, and ran my fingers along the selection of toys until I stopped at a foot-long double-ended toy that was a bit on the slender side. I wanted deep for my toy time, as several of the men were more than adequately thick.

I made a show of slipping the butt-plug out and replacing it with the double-dong. With one foot up on the bench, I fucked it in and out several times while Bob got the camera in close, then slid it ALL the way in, so that my hole closed up completely, then squeezed it back out as slowly and carefully as I could. I didn't touch it until it was ready to pop out, then slowly shoved it back in all the way again. I wanted these men to know that they were going to be fucking a man very skilled with pleasuring men with his asshole this night.

Those who couldn't see the view perfectly from where they were standing, were gazing intently at the TV screens, and I could see that they were very turned on indeed.

"Before you get to fuck me" I purred as I moved to the bench "you have to cum into my mouth. You can fuck my mouth, or I can suck you, or you can jerk off into my mouth, but you all have to feed me cum before you get to fuck me, and one of you might even get to make me cum before we fuck, if I think I need to cum." By then, I was on the bench with my legs in the stirrups.

As Bob moved the camera down to between my legs so he could film me fucking myself, #1 came to me and squatted slightly at my head. I opened my mouth and he began to slowly fuck my mouth. I moaned in pleasure, and pressed my tongue to the underside of his shaft as it slid in and out of the "O" I made with my lips. His orgasm was wonderful! When he came, he shoved his cock all the way into my mouth. By then, I had completely overridden my gag reflex (I had sensed that he would go deep when he came, and had begun to work past my gag reflex almost as soon as he started fucking my mouth) and I just opened my throat and let the silky warmth of hot spunk spurt right to the back of my throat and down to my waiting belly. I almost came, and had to stop pumping the dildo in my ass while I focused on the man meat spasming in my mouth.

When he finally stopped shuddering and began to pull out, I sucked greedily on his shaft, and then showily licked away the big drop of jism that remained on the tip of his love shaft, and swallowed that, too.

I lifted my head and looked at Bob as I pulled the dildo from my ass. "Give me some more lube" I commanded. He poured a copious quantity on the toy and I used both hands to slick it up again before shoving it rapidly back into my love hole. We were all sweating from the intensity that filled the room, and the couples all squeezed a bit tighter together as I again shoved the toy in until it disappeared in my hole and then squirted back out when I flexed my anal ring just right. I did that several times in a row, before I cried out "I need some more cum!"

#2 stepped up and straddled the bench facing me. "Open wide" he said "and I'll shoot straight in." I did as commanded, and he jerked off with his cock several inches from my open mouth, rewarding me with a rich slather of man milk that landed on my tongue, at the back of my throat, on my lips, and generally all over my face.

Dennis was #3, and he was at my mouth almost before #2 was done cumming. I wrapped my mouth around several inches of his cock and he helped with his hand. Given the events of the last 24 hours, his climax was pleasantly voluminous. By the time he was finished, his cries of pleasure filling the room, his cum was all over my face as well. I had managed to ingest a few squirts between him and the other man, but most of both of them was all over my face and chin. Dennis licked a tongueful from my cheek, and shared it with his lover. 

I was sweating from every pore, all of us were, and I took the dildo in both hands and thrust it frantically in and out of my hole. My eyes scanned the room for #4, and when I beckoned with my eyes, he knew that I was going to beg him to make me cum.

He stood over me, and teased my mouth with his man root. His fingers scooped up a smear of cum from my chin and then he pressed his fingers to my tongue. I sucked the nectar away and then he bent forward so that my mouth could take him in as his mouth found my own cock. He took control of the fuck toy with one hand as he skilfully sucked my raging manhood I stroked his cock as I sucked it, desperate now for an orgasm to complement my own. I wanted the taste of his spunk to send me over the edge, even as he rapidly pumped my asshole with the toy. I could feel his muscles tensing, and then I was being filled to the max as he shoved the toy all the way inside me, and then his jizz was erupting in my mouth and my own climax burst forth in a fountain of joy. He took the first spurt, then let the crowd see the full joy of my pleasure.

I squeezed my ass muscles and popped the dildo right out on to the floor as I came. I shout with ecstasy as more cum cascaded into my mouth and down my cheeks, glowing in the light.

Finally he was spent, and he stood and looked down at me with a smile. A thick drop of cum glowed at the edge of his mouth, and before he re-joined his lover, he licked a big gob of cum from my belly. They kissed passionately, sharing the taste of my cream.

I was spent but still powerfully aroused. The smell and taste of fresh spunk combined with raw testosterone that verily permeated the room was a powerful stimulant. I asked Bob the put the toy back in my ass before he gave m e his cum. He handed the camera to Dennis and gently slid it back into my hole. I again took control of it when he moved up to feed me his sweet mancream.

His climax was swift, again giving me ample to swallow and ample to let dribble erotically from the corners of my mouth before #6 stepped up and just let me suck him to completion.

It was now time for fucking, and I had let everyone know that they could take me in any position they wanted, even though I anticipated that the bench and stirrups were going to suit us all just right.

The cock-sucking had been exquisite. The fucking was magnificent. Each entered me hard and fast, and left me smooth and slow. Twice, as Bob filmed and I watched on the TV in the corner that I could see, Dennis knelt between my legs and licked the cum dribbling from my love-hole after one of their friends had just fucked me. I loved the feeling of warm cum dribbling out of me with each stroke of cock inside me and running down my back to puddle on the bench. When Dennis licked at those dribblings, he would then kiss me deeply our tongues intertwining around the drops of sticky cream.

Finally it was Mel's turn at my hole, and his lover stood at his side and guided Mel's cock into my cum-filled sanctum. As Mel bore deep into me, his lover took my cock in hand and lovingly jacked me off as we fucked. I came for the second time that night in a geyser of glory, my asshole spasmodically squeezing the fat cock that was buried inside me. Mel's lover licked a mouthful of my cum from my belly and then shared it with his lover, who almost instantly exploded inside me. When he pulled out of me, a beautiful rivulet of cum spilled out of my asshole and ran down my back. There was so much, and I revelled in the pleasure that I had brought to this room full of studly men. I imagined that it would be quite some time before they shared an experience such as this tat I had given them, and they me.

I gained my feet rather unsteadily, and we all laughed as more cum made a track all the way down the inside of one of my thighs. Flecks of sperm glowed everywhere on my body, and on the lips and cocks and various other places on all the men. 

To my surprise, it was after midnight. We had been sucking for over three hours, and I was as drained as I could ever imagine being (although I wouldn't- and didn't- turn down the opportunity to feed on another cock).

My hunger finally fed, I found a bed. Both of the other couples stayed for the night as well.

I awoke some time after nine, and just listened to the sounds of the house. I had dried cum all over me, which just made me horny. As I lay there under the blanket getting hard, I heard the sounds of men making love. I licked my fingers and then caressed my asshole. It was pretty much fucked-out, but I still liked a little ass play to really get the juices flowing. Somewhere in my mind, the idea of a sperm breakfast was forming.

I rose and wandered. In the first room I came to, Mel and his lover were on their sides, facing the door. Mel's lover had flung his leg over top of Mel's thigh, and I could see that fat cock buried in a sweet manhole. Mel was jerking off his lover as he fucked him.

I made eye contact with the two of them, and moved close to the bed. 

"Can I have your cum?" I asked in a whisper. Mel's lover reached out and took my hand and drew me close. He was already close to cumming, and all it took was the warm embrace of the mouth of a hot young stud to make him explode, and I drank him in. 

Bob and Dennis were fucking exactly the way they had the morning before, and I knelt on the bed beside them and sucked greedily at Dennis's rock-hard love stick. Bob grunted with pleasure as he shot his mancream into his lover's waiting belly, and then Dennis's hot spunk erupted into my mouth and I drank it down like honey.

The third couple were sitting on their bed facing each other, scissored like lesbians, their cocks upright and close together. Again, I made eye contact before entering the room. They were fucking a double dildo much longer than the one I had used. Each had about a foot of 2" rubber dong shoved up his ass, and they were clearly in ecstasy.

They welcomed me to join, and I took turns putting my mouth on them. In turn, they rewarded me with rich eruptions of love nectar and cries of joy.
