 23:50hrs. The overhead display was showing the expected time of departure so, no delays. I was standing at London Euston station with five minutes to spare. I looked around for one of the customer service people, wondering where the platform was. Pointed in the right direction, I picked up my bag and dashed along the platform.

I walked up the carriages, looking for my cabin. I found it and used my card to open it. To my astonishment, there was someone sitting on the bottom berth. He looked up, startled. I apologised and introduced myself. He stood up and shook my hand, telling me to call him Alex. The first thing I noticed was his gorgeous blue eyes. I shook his hand firmly. He was in good shape for someone in his sixties, just a couple of years older than me, I guessed. I warmed to him immediately.

I stowed my bag and threw back the duvet on my bunk. It looked comfortable to me. Bit of a climb to get up but it will be comfortable enough.

I asked Alex if he was going to eat. He nodded and I suggested we go together, the lounge car was in the next carriage. I opened the door, letting him in front of me. I studied him as I followed him along the carriage. He did look in good shape. Closely cropped hair hid the bald patches. He walked in a confident manner, walking erect, possibly ex services, I thought as a wicked thought crossed my mind.

We sat down and ordered a light supper. I could see his face clearer now we were sitting across from each other. Yes, his eyes were dreamy, I was almost mesmerised. I really liked the look of him. He was wearing a suit, I was in casual jeans and jumper on my way home from a long weekend in London. We were both going to Edinburgh, arriving at 07:20 hrs in the morning.

Alex was on his way home after doing some business in London. He preferred the sleeper as he didn't like flying. 'It was comfortable,' he told me. I couldn't disagree. Only downside is that you can find yourself sharing with a complete stranger. The cabins are two berth, not one berth as the first class cabins have. I didn't mind, I thought Alex was cute. I wondered if he was gay. That would be nice. I decided to try and test his reaction.

As the server came with our supper, I let my leg briefly touch his, under the table. Not a good sign, he didn't react at all. As we ate, we joked with each other, hearing each other's funny anecdotes. I touched his hand, very briefly as I laughed at his story. Again, no reaction. Not a rejection though. I continued to flirt carefully. Just enough that it could be seen as accidental or casual but giving out signals. Still he didn't respond. I calmed down, he wasn't interested. Oh well, that's life.

We sat enjoying brandy's. The lounge car was very relaxing. I complemented him on how good he looks, he smiled, telling me he kept in shape by running. We got on like a house on fire. Although he didn't appear interested, he was very warm and friendly. I enjoyed the evening.

The brandy was making me sleepy. 'Time for bed,' I suggested. He followed me as we went back to our cabin. I opened the door and followed him in. The light came on automatically. I pulled out my pyjamas from my bag. I prefer sleeping nude but you can't do that if you're sharing with someone. 

I watched Alex as he undressed, hanging his suit up carefully. There wasn't an ounce of fat on him. He stood there, fishing his pyjamas out and slipped down his underwear. I looked at his ass and felt a thrill. I was naked behind him, my pyjamas in my hand.

As he was stepping in to his pyjamas, the train jolted and he stumbled. I automatically reached out for him, catching his shoulders before he fell. His hand accidentally brushed against my cock. I stood with my hands on his shoulders. He just stood there, making no sign of moving. Now I felt a little uncomfortable. His pyjamas had fallen to the floor and were lying around his feet. He was otherwise naked, and so was I, standing there wondering what to do next.

Alex turned around and sighed loudly. He stood in front of me, making no attempt to cover himself up. He looked into my eyes as he spoke.

'I know you have been flirting with me, I've tried to ignore it. I've been suppressing deep desires because I found it flattering. I am a closet gay, nobody knows,' he said. He came towards me, holding me by the hips and pulled me towards him, our cocks touched. I was caught completely by surprise. He thrust against my cock and I felt my cock stirring. He kissed me, gentle and sensually. I moaned, feeling his cock against me. I reached down and fondled his cock, gently teasing his balls. I started to wank him. He groaned and kissed my neck, breathing deeply in my ear.

He teased my nipples and I trembled with desire. I teased his nipples and we stood there, for a few minutes just playing with each others nipples. His cock was still throbbing against me. I closed my eyes, enjoying the sensation in my nipples. God, they are so sensitive and I could tell Alex was enjoying it too.

Alex got down on his knees and kissed my cock. I shuddered. He kept slowly wanking me, kissing my head, squeezing my cock. I was rock hard now. God, he had a lovely mouth action. I thrust into his mouth, feeling my cock slip through his lips. He sucked me, teasing my balls. God, I'm going to cum. I warned him, pulling out of his mouth before it was too late. He grabbed my buttocks and slipped my cock back into his mouth. Mmmm.......I moaned as he wanked me. I felt my orgasm building up. God this was so sexy, on a train with a complete stranger. A really nice stranger, in fact. 

He knew what he was doing and finally, I erupted in his mouth. I moaned loudly as my cock pulsated, shooting ream after ream of spunk into his mouth. I felt him swallowing. God, that made my toes curl. I like cumming when I'm standing. I slowly recovered and sat him down on his berth. I kneeled between his legs, teasing his nipples with my hands and licking his cock. His head was beautiful, large and well shaped with a huge rim. I ran my tongue over the purple head, slowly taking him into my mouth.

He moaned as I cupped his balls. I was wanking him quickly and he was responding. He fucked my mouth, frantic and breathing hard. Suddenly he pulled out and stopped. I thought he was about to cum but he just stopped. He pulled my face up to look at me.

'Can I fuck you,' he asked. 'I would really like to fuck you.' I had no problem with that at all. I reached for my bag, taking the face moisturiser out. I passed it to him and stood against the window, thinking how dark it was outside. I felt him rub the moisturiser over my ass, feeling his fingers as he teased my ass. I spread my legs apart, holding on to the window. I turned my head, watching him rub the moisturiser over his cock. God, I was going to get fucked, I never expected that when I got on to the train.

He rubbed his cock against my asshole, I could feel his balls as he thrust against my ass. I moved my position slightly as he pushed his head against my asshole. I relaxed and felt him push. Oh my God, he was hard. I relaxed more and more to accommodate him. I thrust my ass back to meet his thrust. He was breathing hard and his cock was twitching. Within minutes, he was pumping his spunk into my ass. I never tire of the sensation of a guy cumming in my ass, or my mouth. I get so turned on at a cock spurting out cum. I tightened my ass muscles squeezing his cock for every drop of cum. 

He kissed me on the neck, thanking me. I felt him slip out and the familiar sexy feeling of spunk dripping down my legs, I rubbed my legs together, feeling the slimy cum on my skin. He walked over to the sink and washed himself and then got into his pyjamas. I did the same, telling him I really enjoyed that. He kissed me and squeezed my cock, getting into his bunk. 

The train gets into Edinburgh at 07:20 hrs which meant an early start. I'm not going to get much sleep before we arrive but at least I'm going to sleep satisfied. God, that was nice, I didn't expect that.

I set my alarm for half past six and drifted off, contented. I wondered if there would be a repeat performance in the morning, God, I hope so...