 When The Man returned from work the boys were at play, David thrusting deeply and powerfully into Sasha's perfect round bubble butt, enjoying the sight of his lover's sore ass. He had been whipping it again, and he could see the blonde 20-something who was currently arched and getting thoroughly fucked by his other 20-something lover had been crying, and moaning, and trying to resist. Sasha's wrists were tightly cuffed, and the cuffs were attached to a chain connected to a winch.

It was not hard to see what had happened: the second Sasha had crossed the door, judging by the dimmed lights and pulled curtains, David had been ambushing him and swiftly cuffing his wrists. Once caught, it was easy for the boy to activate the winch and get Sasha right where he wanted him, bent over on the table. There, Sasha could not get off, and had to arch to stay standing. He could not free himself (and even if he could, he knew the rules of the game, and accepted his punishment for having lost it). After he had pulled down his pants, gagged him, and even provided him with a soft pillow to rest his belly on, David had begun playing with him. A quick calculation led The Man to the conclusion that they had been at play for at least two and a half hours. David had endurance, he liked that about him. Sasha didn't, but David didn't mind: he always liked putting just a little reluctance into his games. And he was not the one ending most days cuffed and banged anyway.

A year before, it had only been Sasha and The Man. The Man was his university professor: he was a fat man, not obese, but with quite the belly, and a bushy black beard which he trimmed carefully. His blue eyes were fascinating, cold and calculating, very clever, and sometimes students felt his gaze only was somewhat scanning under their clothes, stripping them. In Sasha's case, that was completely true. The Man, who was in his forties, liked to dominate younger men. And he was gifted with a body for it: a few years earlier, a student had had to go to the emergency room after he had given head to a particularly well-endowed man. The story had caused a few laughs, and The Man had never revealed that he was the one with the student that night. He covered most of the medical expanses, and the student got exceptionally good grades that year, and that was that.

Sasha was a pearl, not only because he could take The Man's huge cock in many places and not flinch, but because on all accounts he was exceptionally pretty: almost hairless, an ass to die for, long blonde curls and a very pale, soft, warm skin, deep black eyes and legs that went on forever. Most girls and some guys on the campus would have killed to date him. But he had been The Man's ever since the latter had seduced him a few weeks after they first met. He was barely 20 then. The Man didn't mind that so many girls were running after his protégé: he took a form of sadistic pleasure knowing that, while they cried alone over him refusing to go on dates, or dances, or formals, with them, he, The Man, had him in his bed, offering his soft, warm, perfect ass for him to fill with semen, and that he had barely tried getting this boy to fall for him. Sasha was, behind his good grades and pretty boy's look, a real huge bitch.

"- You have a beautiful mind, The Man had told him a few weeks into their affair, for two reasons: first, you can solve very complex equations in the blink of an eye. Second, you always seem to know when you should drop on your knees and give me a blowjob."

Sasha, who was not solving equations at that particular moment, did not answer.

"- You like that, uh, my little slut boy? David was moaning, covering Sasha's own muffled moans. He slapped his ass. You like when I fuck you like a little bitch? Your ass is soooo mine forever...

- Hmmmm, tried to moan Sasha, only drooling more on his gag."

The Man approached the duo, not trying anything to stop their game. He cupped David's ass in one hand and followed his rhythm. He kissed the boy's sweaty cheek.

"- How did you take the chastity off this time? Managed to crack my code again?" The safe was coded with a riddle and contained both boys' chastity keys.

"- I didn't, David answered in his usual submissive voice when talking to The Man, but I couldn't leave little Sasha here unsatisfied tonight, so I bought this!"

He was using a plus size strapless dildo. Clever boy. Poor Sasha. The Man circled the table, taking care not to interrupt the boys, and took a good look at the boy's sad enamored eyes. He kissed his forehead and went to the bathroom. He liked to have long showers after work, and left the boys at play: Sasha, begging though his gag, and David, grinning.

Sasha was against David joining them at first. The Man had met him in a BDSM club after a particularly terrible fight with Sasha. David was as sexy as Sasha, in a different way: his black straight hair and kinkiness didn't match Sasha's gentle manners. He was, as he said that night, "a spicy snack". The Man had discovered new pleasures that night on the obedient body David was offering him. Lashes and leashes, whips, cuffs... David accepted to wear everything and seemed insatiable. After coming seven times in one night, The Man brought him back home:

"- This is David. He's a part of this now." is all The Man had said.

Sasha was surprised, but he didn't reply. He could have left, but didn't. That night The Man fucked him while he rested in David's arms, the two boys making out for the first time. The Man had never felt so good. They both fell asleep in his arms, and he woke up a few times to take one, or demand a blowjob from the other. They were exhausted and he was exhausting.

When he came out of the shower they were snuggling by the fireplace. David was a sadistic bastard only when sex was involved. In fact, the more submission he had given or received during sex, the sweetest he was after it. Right now he was kissing Sasha's hip and praising his sexy body, while the other boy lay on his side at the couch's feet, where The Man sat. Both his boys joined him quickly, naked.

They knew his rituals and without a word they bent over and started licking his cock, twisting their tongues and making out both with it and one another. In this position he could see and touch their asses, and had a great view on their mouths. He relaxed:

"- You boys are sweet." he said patting David's ass, considering whether or not to slide a finger in it.

"- That's because we love you Daddy," said Sasha between two mouthfuls of cock and David's saliva. He had always called him "Daddy".

The Man relaxed and let the boys do their thing. He was getting slowly closer to orgasm, his long and broad red cock sliding in and out of their pale and pink lips. His hand fell on something. David's strapless dildo. He caught it and rubbed it on David's back, lower and lower, until he reached his ass, where he shoved it easily.

"- Be good to Sasha in the future, okay? He ordered the gasping boy. No, back to it, you're not done. You'll take care of it after."

David obediently went back to his task. The Man truly relaxed now. He came on the boys' faces and enjoyed watching them swallow his mess. He smiled. Life was good.