 It was my first encounter with a man. 

I had just turned 19 and got out of high school. In my country most of the young men go to army and so did I. In the army I gained a bit of confidence and some muscle on my otherwise lean frame. After military service I wanted to go for an adventure and decided to go for an interrail trip through Europe. I had few friends I could go with, so, I decided to go on my own. What an exciting decision! I packed my backbag, booked a flight and the interrail ticket and headed to northern Italy. 

I wandered through small towns for a week before taking a train through the Alps, stopping to take a short two day hike in the breathtaking scenery of the Alps. I ended up in a small village in the evening of my hike. I was lucky to find out there was a small guesthouse with plenty of free room. I was happy to see my German was good enough to communicate with the old couple who owned the place. 

--

I fell asleep quickly after climbing into the dorm room. I had the luxury of sleeping alone, so I wore only a pair of briefs. Before midnight I woke up to the urge to pee, so I got up and walked down the hallway to mens bathroom only in my briefs. It was quiet, dark and the air was cool. The slightest thrill made me feel a bit frisky. As I entered the first stall, I left the door unlocked. I sat down pulling my briefs down to my ankles. After I peed, I just sat there dreaming, soon to find my penis in my hand, slowly stroking it. Then I heard the door opening and someone entering the bathroom. I had never been caught masturbating.. But here I was, far away from home, with no risk of anyone knowing who I was. I just sat there, eyes closed, my fist slowly massaging my tip, pretending I didn't hear. I heard the stall door creak. I opened my eyes and saw a man I had seen earlier in the canteen, standing in front of me. He was leaning to the doorframe, wearing only a pair of boxer briefs. He was balding but his hair was short cropped. He had thick chest hair with a trail down into his underwear. He was muscular, very well toned. He made a concerned face before his hand slid up to his crotch. My heart was racing as he groped his fast-growing bulge. I couldn't look up, feeling partly ashamed, partly aroused. He looked straight into me. His fingers trailed his shaft and drew out the shape of his glans. I slowly stroked my dick as he took a step forward. 

He was standing right in front of me, his bulge so close to my face. Normally it would be uncomfortably close, but not tonight. He whispered something in French as I felt his hand on the back of my head, pulling me tightly into his crotch. I gasped as I smelled a hint of his musk. He pushed his hips forward before stepping back and sliding down his boxer briefs, revealing his rock hard penis. It was about the same length of mine but much thicker. He was as hairy as I had thought. I wanted to admire his manhood, but he had other plans. He pulled back his foreskin and with his other hand he held my hair tightly as he pulled my face towards him. Before I had a say, he pushed his thick glans into my mouth. I moaned, tasting his soft but hard, thick cock. He was rougher than I wished for my first time but I still wanted to please this man! I closed my eyes and closed my lips around his thick shaft. He was still holding me tightly, now slowly pulling me towards his crotch, then giving me some loose to pull back. I obediently started bobbing my head with a strong hand on the back of my head, leading me. I moaned softly, trying to please him as best as I could. 

His cock was so thick that it made my mouth drool. Few times he pulled me tightly into him until my nose was buried in his hairy patch of pubic hair just above his penis. It made me gag hard. He only chuckled and held me tighter in place as he started to thrust into my mouth. Not deep but enough for me to feel that my mouth was being fucked. I placed my hands on his hips in case he would push too deep. I felt a weird mixture of humiliation and pleasure as he did what he wanted. He was obviously here just for a quick orgasm and I just happened to be here, for him.

Soon enough his cock was swelling. His groans got needier and suddenly I felt a hot jet of cum splashing into my mouth, spreading all over my tongue. He held me tightly as he groaned and nudged his glans inside my mouth.. His hips trembling as he orgasmed into my mouth. It tasted.. I can't say good.. but I swallowed it all.

He held my hair as I sucked the last drops out of his cock. I heard a soft whisper, "Merci", before he pulled up his underwear. I heard him walking to the urinals. Flushing. Door quietly closing. I was still panting and sitting there trying to figure out if it was a dream or not. I was so hard that I needed only a few fast strokes to make me cum all over myself.

Next morning I was hoping to see him just to say "Hello" but he had left early. I never saw him again. I continued my trip, now even more eager to get new experiences.