 My last trip to the city for the foreseeable future was one to a trade show; I had a few side trips planned as well. Once getting into the downtown core and parking, I made my way to the area of town that I knew was littered with businesses for the gay clientele.

I searched out the sex shop close by the black door that I was looking for and with little trouble found it next to the dime store. I brazenly walked into the store and continued towards the section that held the toy selection. After a quick sweep of the racks I found the area I wanted- the small brown bottles of poppers. I grabbed one and took it to the checkout and then left to go for the black door that was right next to me.

I pulled the door open and walked down the stairs taking in the heady aroma of maleness. This was a bathhouse and the mixture of sweat, steam and sex was an aphrodisiac in itself. After making the necessary transactions at the door I was allowed to pass into the darkened inner sanctum. Armed with a key to a door and a towel I walked through a group of naked men and found my room. 

Once in the room, I quickly disrobed and took a large draw of the poppers, just to get me ready before I went out into the fray as it was. Instead of wrapping the towel around me I threw it over my shoulder, showing what I had to all. It is not as if I am well endowed but what I have works well. The thing that catches everyone's eye is the blue stainless steel ring in the end of my penis and the completely shaved pubic region. I once had hot wax dropped on me and the ensuing problems of removing wax from my pubes prompted me to shave, I have never let it grow back; there is something about the feel of smooth skin!

The piercing that I sport is a 6g ring with a captive bead that is shaped like a battle-axe! It makes a very visual statement-no sex for this guy or at least no receiving of penile pleasure. It is a lasting reminder of a former owner who wanted me to be a receptacle only. I have kept it for the last while as a sort of repentance and forced celibacy. I am repenting for being a bad slave and for the same reason was celibate but now that has come to an end. I want to get some release.

Within seconds of walking out of the room, the touch of warm hands caressing my legs is starting an uncontrolled reaction from me. I take a stroll around and revel in the overwhelming sense of sex that wraps itself around me like a warm glove.

I wander into the "dark area" of the club and soon am fondling a flat hairy belly and the accompanied balls and penis. With a throaty whisper I take him back to my room led by his now wonderfully erect penis. 

Within seconds of getting into the room I am slipping his cock into the warm depths of my mouth and giving him a slurpy and very wet blowjob. He is helping by holding the back of my head and giving me as much as I can stuff into my mouth and I take it all! After I make sure his cock is wet, I scurry up on the bed and turn my ass toward him, he gets the not so subtle message and turns me to his advantage, on my side with legs spread open. He takes no time in thrusting his cock into me, no nicety, just pure fucking. I egg him on by telling him that my ass is his and to take all of it. 

He is very good at what he was doing and took his time making sure that my not so unused asshole was slippery and ready for anything. With his hands pulling my legs apart he once again buried his cock in my ass and fucked me for all his worth. Long fast strokes, followed by slow deep ball-smacking strokes was how he took me for the next couple of minutes. He stopped a few times to adjust his stroke and in a not so quiet voice I told him to fuck my pussy like the cunt it was. That fired him up and he spared nothing to take what he wanted. It was during that rampage that he filled me with cum and pulled out, dripping his stringy cum over my leg, smacked my ass and left with a smile and a promise to return. 

In our haste to get into the room the door was left cracked open and there was a small crowd gathered watching us. My lover slipped out through the gathering and complimented me on my tight ass and ability to take a good fucking. I smiled and crooked a finger at the crowd and said, "next up" as two strapping bears with thick hairy cock stepped in and took control of me. I first take a few heady draughts of the poppers and hand the container to each of the bears. When it comes back I take a few more and am floating in a delicious space.

In the stupor that I am in one of the cocks is slid between my lips, and I give myself over to the task of making it cum in my mouth. The feeling is one of pure sexual release; I want nothing more than this cock in my mouth for the rest of my days. At the same time as I am drifting away with the perfect blowjob cock, the other fellow has taken both of my cheeks in his hands and lifted my ass off the bed. Without any warning or preliminary wetting he stuck his cock deep inside my ass; I could feel his wiry hair against my balls as he left himself buried there. It was not as if I needed to be opened up or anything like that-he just hung out in my ass. I stopped wondering and refocused on the perfect cock in my mouth. 

The task was to make this cock last for a while; the urge was to get my throat full of his warm cum. The urge won out and I soon got down to really giving this guy the blowjob of his life. Long licks and sloppy tonguing got him very hard and soon he was sliding down the hole that my throat had become. He held on to my ears and took a slow in and out rhythm matching the one that was happening in my ass.

The cock that was in my ass was a lot bigger than the one that had hammered me a moment before, but the cum that filled me made for slick passage. He had my legs on his shoulders and the cheeks of my ass rested in his hands, he had moved them so that his thumbs fit in with the width of his cock and that gave him the ability to pull me open in a way that I hadn't been in years. He had a nice slow stroke and every time he hit bottom the lips of my pussy got spread open for just a little more to go in.

I hadn't forgotten the bear in my mouth though; my lips sucking on his hairy nut sac stopped the sliding. They kept slapping my face every time he went the length into me. The taste of piss, old cum and sweat as well as the poppers running through me completely turned me into a sucking pig and soon I had him moaning low and dripping precum like a hose. He grabbed hold of my nipple rings and pulled; thinking, I am sure, that they were for lifting me off the bed. The only thing that did was to make me hornier and I took his cock back into the depths of me. The swirling of my tongue and the pulsing of my throat muscles made for a noisy and wet sound, and his now faster fucking of my mouth made this cock shoot ropes of cum down my throat. He held his cock deep in me and let the one in my ass have full access. 

He took no time at all and soon was pummelling me in a rapid fire way. The feeling of thick cock stuffed in both ends of me was great and I was floating in slut heaven when he came in my ass with such force that I gagged on the softening cock in my mouth. He continued to pound me until his cum worked into lather around my asspussy. He reached for my cock and carefully yanked it a few times wary of the sharp battle-axe bead and said" no coming for you yet". He then pulled out and stuck his softening cock in my face for me to clean off, which I did with abandon. 

The two then got up and left leaving me a quivering mess wanting, no needing to cum but having no way to do that yet.

...to be finished later...