 Dear Reader, 

This is another very detailed very long chapter. If you are looking for a short to the point story this is not for you, but if you are looking for an adventure full of suspense, romance, and emotion then this is for you. My stories contain lots of detail and dialogue so you can get to know the characters better. I would also like to thank Shell for helping me read over my story and make it flow. So here is chapter 2 of The Trip: A Storm Approaches. 

***************************

Justin opened his eyes, as the sun light started to filter through the motel window; Josh was sleeping next to him with his arm around him. Justin felt so safe and relaxed in Josh's arms that he wasn't aware he was drifting back to sleep. Justin was in such a peaceful slumber that he didn't stir when Josh got out of bed and left the room. The smell of fresh cooked eggs, bacon and hot coffee woke him. 

"Where did you get all that?" Justin asked as he sat up on the bed.

"I went down to that little diner and got it. I figured that after last night you needed a nice hot breakfast." Josh said as he brought it to him.

"I'm sorry for last night. I must have seemed like a real fool acting like that."

"Justin you have nothing to be sorry about. It's good that you told me, I don't know how you've been able to keep it to yourself all this time."

"I didn't have a choice. My dad told me that if I ever told someone that he would make my life a living hell, not like it's not hell already."

"Like I said last night, I'm going to make sure you're never hurt again." Josh said as he leaned in and gave Justin a kiss.

After they finished their breakfast Josh decided to go take a shower while Justin started to pack up and get ready to leave. Justin remembered that he had promised to call his mom and let her know what was going on. She told him that she was relieved that they were doing okay and reminded him to call her when they got to the lake house. He promised that he would, told her that he loved her and would call her later. Josh had finished his shower and was dressed when Justin came back into the room, from putting some things in the car. They put the last bag in the car, checked the room one last time, headed to the office and checked out. 

They turned out of the driveway and Justin observed how perfect the weather was. There wasn't a cloud in the sky and the sky itself was a beautiful deep blue. They drove down the old county road remarking at the old farm houses, the tall mountains, the deep valleys and how laid back everything and everyone appeared. 

"Justin can I ask you a personal question?" 

"You can ask me anything."

"How long have you been in love with me?"

Justin's heart just about jumped out of his chest. He had never thought how he was going to answer this question since he never thought it would ever be asked.

"Well, I guess soon after we moved up from Texas. You were really the only person who was nice to me and showed me around," he paused. "Most people didn't want anything to do with me since I was the new kid in school. To tell you the truth I was taken back when you befriended me. I thought to myself, why would a star football player want to be friends with me, a no body?"

"Justin you're far from a no body. Most of my friends in school were either other teammates or people who wanted to get popular. That didn't impress you at all and I think that's why I like you so much."

"Stop it you're starting to make me blush." Justin replied with a smile on his face.

"And that right there, that smile that lights up a room and that innocence. You are who you are, and will not change for anyone. I guess I have a lot to learn from you."

"Yeah, but look at where it has gotten me."

"Justin can I ask you another question? How does your mom not know what is going on?"

"Mom works a lot and has to travel. She can be gone for days and sometimes weeks at a time, so most of the time it's just me and my dad at home. It wasn't as bad when Scott was living at home, but now that he is in the Air Force there is nothing stopping my dad."

"But she has to notice the cuts and bruises you have. And how did she think your arm got broken?"

"When it comes to the cuts and bruises I just tell her they happened in gym class or I tripped outside. When I broke my arm I just told her I fell off my bike on one of the trails."

"You mean when your dad broke your arm. How did he do that? And why the hell wouldn't you hit the bastard back!"

"I made that mistake only once, to try and fight back, and it was the biggest mistake of my life. It happened one day after school, I was cleaning up around the house and I accidently knocked over a flower vase, it broke and water went everywhere. I tried to clean it up before he walked into the room but I guess he heard the glass break. When he saw the water all over the carpet he just snapped. He grabbed me by my shirt and threw me onto the floor. He got on top of me and started punching me over and over again. I don't how I did it, but I was able to get one good hit on him and he tumbled off me. I tried to get up and run away, but he was faster than me. He slammed me into one of the end tables and my arm got caught in it and broke. I just lay on the floor crying my eyes out as he stood over me and told me that's what I get for being disrespectful in his house."

"Justin I'm so sorry. When you came to school with a cast on I had a gut feeling that you didn't break your arm on your bike. Why didn't you go and talk to someone about this? We have counselors at school, the police or even me?" Josh asked with tears in his eyes.

"I don't want to start any trouble. My dad told me that if I ever told anyone what was going on he would kill me, and I don't want to test that out."

"But you could've come to me, and I know my parents would've helped you out, protected you."

"Why should other people have their lives turned upside down for a problem that isn't even theirs?" 

"Justin don't you understand? One day your dad is going to go too far and he is going to really hurt you or worse. There is no reason why he should be treating you this way, none!"

"He tells me that I am an embarrassment to the Devereaux name. He said that his name has a great reputation and he's not going to let some little faggot ruin it for him. So I decided that I'm going to try and do whatever I can to make him happy and stay out of his way. Look we are almost there; let's just have a good time and try to leave our problems behind."

Josh agreed, but knew that when this trip was over Justin was not going back to that house no matter what he had to do. They rounded the next bend and there it was the road that led to Cedar Lake. Once they saw the sign for Cedar Lake all thoughts went to the fun they had planned. They were going to go hiking on the trails, swimming in the lake, sitting at the camp fire and reliving old summers. It only took them another fifteen minutes to reach the little road that led up to the lake house. When they pulled up the other guys where already outside on the porch talking, laughing and having a good time. As they got out of the car Jason met them and apologized over and over again for getting them lost. He told them that he was going to give them money for having to spend the night in a motel room. Josh told him it was not a big deal and not to worry about it. 

The lake house sat up on a small hill about 100 feet from the lake. It had a small boat house with a dock next to it. It had four bedrooms upstairs with a huge full bathroom. Two of the rooms had a beautiful view of the lake, each had its own deck and the two back rooms had a wonderful view of the woods behind the house. When they entered the house the boys walked into a huge living room. On the left wall there was a beautiful sandstone fire place with dark leather couches to relax on. In the center of the room the stood the stairs which led to the upper part of the house, behind the staircase was the dining room and doors to the back deck. To the right were the kitchen and the stairs leading to the full basement. 

"I hope you don't mind if you and Justin share a room?" Jason asked as he walked them through the front door.

"It's okay with me if it's okay with Justin." Josh replied with a smirk on his face.

"That's fine with me."

"Okay, then take your bags up to your room and let's get this weekend started! Your room is down the hall and second door on the left. It has a sweet view of the lake." Jason declared. 

When they took their bags up to the room it was apparent that Jason was right, the view from the deck was beautiful. Justin saw that the other guys were already on the dock. Up to that moment Justin hadn't thought about what he was going to do about swimming. He had not told anyone that he had a small fear of the water, and no one knew about the scar on his back. 

"Doesn't that water look refreshing?" Josh asked as he stood on the deck.

"Yeah, it does." 

"Come on lets go swimming! It's so hot and humid, that the water is going to feel great!" 

"You can go if you want to. I'll sit on the dock and relax in the sun."

"Oh come on Justin, what are you afraid of?" Josh asked as he dug out his swim suit.

"I'm not scared of anything I just don't want to go in right now. Maybe tonight I'll go in."

"Okay, tonight you come in with me. Besides then we could go skinny dipping." Josh said with a huge smile on his face.

They walked down to the lake and Justin's stomach started knotting up. Despite how wonderful and calm the lake was Justin always got nervous around large bodies of water. When they reached the dock Josh took off in a flash and jumped into the water making a huge splash. Justin shook his head and let out a small laugh. Justin worked up enough courage to sit at the edge of the dock and slid his feet into the water. The water was just as refreshing as Josh said it was going to be. 

While he was sitting there he could not help but watch Josh as he swam around with the other guys. They were splashing and dunking each other, or trying to throw each other through the air, and Justin lost himself looking at how sexy Josh was with the water running down his muscular chest. He imagined what it would be like to run his hands all over Josh's torso and feel his muscles. He was so caught up in the moment he gave no thought to his growing hard on. He also didn't notice that Mark had snuck up onto the dock and was creeping up on him. Before he knew what was going on Mark pushed him into the lake. A moment of panic rushed over Justin and he started to sink down, but he shook it off and kicked back to the surface. He came to the surface coughing and choking on the water he inhaled when he was pushed in. He pulled himself out of the water, his wet white t-shirt clung to his body and his scar became visible. The only one that saw it was Josh and he couldn't believe what it said. Etched into his skin, right above Justin's waist line, were the words 'Faggot Slut'. Josh was outright horrified and angered.

"Hey, Justin are you okay? The water is for swimming in not drinking." Mark laughed.

"Yeah, I'm fine. You just caught me off guard." Justin said as he began shake the water off of him.

"Justin, are you sure you're okay?" Josh asked as he started to swim toward the shore. 

"Yeah I'm fine, I'm just going to go and change out of these wet clothes." Justin remarked as he started to walk back to the house.

Josh knew that Justin was not okay by the look on his face, and he decided to go and check on him. Mark asked him where he was going and he told him that he had to go to the bathroom. Mark laughed and said he could have gone in the lake. Josh laughed back and said he didn't think Mark would have wanted him to. By the time Josh made it to the bedroom he had enough time to see Justin pulling off his wet shirt and tossing it aside. He could now completely see the scars on Justin's back. He waited for Justin to put a dry shirt on before he entered the room. 

"Justin are you okay?"

"Yeah I'm fine he just caught me off guard is all." Justin replied as he tried to hide his emotions.

"Justin when you were getting out of the water I happened to notice something on your lower back, what is it?" Josh asked even though he knew what it was.

"There is nothing on my back."

"Justin I saw the words 'Faggot Slut' carved onto your back."

"Well I guess there is no use trying to hide it from you."

"Will you show it to me?"

Justin turned around; he started to lift up his shirt but stopped half way and looked at Josh, his eyes filled with pain and embarrassment.

"Justin you know I would never laugh or make fun of you." Josh assured him.

Justin turned all the way around and Josh was able to see it up close. He gingerly ran his fingers across each of the letters then he heard Justin let out a small whimper and start to shake. He turned Justin around, pulled him into his arms, and held him tight.

"It okay, let it out, I've got you." He told him, soothing him and giving him permission to let go. 

Justin broke down and buried himself into Josh's chest. Josh just held onto him and let him cry as much as he wanted. After a few minutes Justin pulled himself together, wiped the remaining tears from his eyes and sat on the bed.

"Do you want to talk about it?" Josh asked as he sat next to Justin.

"It happened about three months ago when my dad was having one of his outbursts. It was the worst one that I went through. He had been drinking, and when he drinks the beatings are worse than ever. He was accusing me of fooling around with another kid from school. I tried to tell him that they were lies other people had been saying about me, but he didn't care. He told me that we were going to the horse barn, and I knew what that meant. When we got to the horse barn he tied me up to one of the horse stalls so my back was facing him. I thought he was just going to whip me like he had done a few times before. But this time was different, this time he put a rubber ball with leather straps in my mouth and put a blind fold over my eyes. I knew this time he was going to do something horrible."

Josh could feel his blood start to race faster and faster as Justin continued.

"He did whip me a few times but that was only to get me ready for what he had planned next. The next thing I felt was something cold and sharp on my back, it was a knife. Then I realized what the gag was for; it was to keep anyone from hearing my screams. He took his time carving each and every letter into my back so I would really feel the pain. The pain was so intense that it caused me to throw up but the gag prevented it from leaving my mouth. I started choking but he didn't stop, he didn't care, he just kept on going like it was nothing. When he finally finished he removed the gag and untied me, I was so weak I fell to the floor and passed out. When I came about he told me that he hoped I liked my new tattoo and that it was a reminder of who I was a faggot slut." Justin said as a single tear escaped from his eye.

"Justin you're not a faggot slut. I can't believe he went that far!" Josh said as he tried to hide the rage that was flowing through his veins. 

"Now you understand why I didn't want to go swimming. I don't want the other guys to see it and ask questions or make fun."

"I understand now, and if you don't want to go later we don't have to."

"I'll let you know how I feel later; I think I'm going to get changed out of these wet shorts before I get sick." 

"I'm going to get changed to; I think I have had enough of the water for right now." Josh said as he stood up.

Josh went over to the dresser, got out a change of clothes and started to get undressed. He caught a glimpse of Justin out of the corner of his eye and his eyes locked onto Justin's cock.

Justin was a lot bigger than he would have thought. Justin wasn't built like most guys; he was just your average swimmer build. But when he saw how hung Justin was it took him back.

Josh's cock started to stiffen and grow. He didn't know what was coming over him. He was outraged at what Justin's dad had done to him, and he wanted to show him that not all men are evil, but instead of noble thoughts he was looking at Justin getting an erection.

Josh had questioned if he was gay or not but he never pursued those feelings, till now. Before he knew what he was doing he grabbed Justin and brought him close to him. He looked deep into Justin's eyes and he slowly brought his lips to Justin's. At first Justin didn't kiss back but after a few moments he was kissing him back with the equal passion and lust. 

Justin was kissing Josh he could feel Josh's hard cock rubbing against his and that made him get hard very fast. Justin's mind was filled with different emotions, lust, confusion, passion, and desire.

When they broke the kiss Josh rested his forehead against Justin's. He fought to control his flaring desire, Justin had been quietly suffering for so long, he didn't want to cause him any more harm.

"Justin, do you want me to stop?"

"No, I am okay, better than okay; I don't want you to stop." Justin pressed himself closer to Josh for emphasis.

Josh's breathing hitched at the contact, "If anything gets uncomfortable we can stop. Let's move to the bed."

Justin finally got to see Josh's cock fully erect and it was a sight to be seen. It was at least ten and a half inches long and six inches around. It stood straight up toward the ceiling and had thick veins running the entire length of the shaft. Justin noticed that Josh kept his hair neatly trimmed which made his organ seem even bigger. He fantasized what it would be like to have that inside of him, but he was not ready for it just yet. 

They started kissing again but this time they explored each other's body with their hands. Justin felt up and down Josh's muscular chest. He reached over and lightly pinched Josh's right nipple, he felt Josh jump and moan. He broke the kiss and started licking and sucking on Josh's left nipple which made him moan and raise his body off the bed.

"Do you want me to stop?" Justin asked.

"God please don't!" Josh replied.

Justin went back to sucking but this time he went to the other nipple. He started to trace the muscles down Josh's body to his pubic hair. He played around with it before he finally grabbed Josh's manhood, which made his own jump in excitement. He slowly started to jerk Josh's cock making sure he felt every last inch. Josh was leaking precum and Justin used that to help lube up the hard length. He broke away from Josh's chest and kissed his way down to the base of his rod. He started to kiss around the base of Josh's member; he could feel Josh start to tremble. He slowly kissed his way up the huge shaft until he met the massive head. He started to kiss around the base of the head and stuck his tongue into the slit. That almost sent Josh over the top. 

Justin slowly licked the head, tasting the semi salty precum that was covering it. He unhurriedly took Josh's head into his mouth and slowly worked his way down as he moved his tongue all around. Josh jumped and squirmed under him. It was a feeling of overwhelming arousal Josh had never felt before and he was really enjoying it.

Justin's mouth was so warm and so wet that he was having a hard time not just blasting away. Justin tried to take all of Josh's cock into his mouth but he choked when he had about eight inches in. He backed off just a bit and worked with what he had in his mouth. Before long Josh could not hold back anymore and he told Justin that he was about to cum. Justin nodded and moaned in anticipation. That sent Josh clear over the top and he shot stream after stream after stream of hot liquid into Justin's waiting mouth and Justin eagerly took every last drop. It was so intense and so powerful that Justin shot himself without having to touch his own cock.
