 *Author's note-This belongs to me. I hope you enjoy, this is my first story in the Gay Male genre but I hope it suffices. This will be posted on literotica.com under xxxArtemisDawnxxx and under ArtemisDawnXXX on a different site. -_-*

'...' thoughts

I have always been confused of my sexuality. It was one of those things I used to lie in bed and think about, wondering if there was something wrong with me. I grew up in a small town right in the track of what people call, "The Bible Belt." I was taught from an early age that homosexuality was a sin, and throughout my 18 years of life, I was always right in front of the crowd bashing any queer that walked into our towns clutches. But through it all, there was that voice in the back of my mind saying...'What are you doing Bobby? You're just like them.' I never acknowledged that voice.

Until he came. Liam.

It was our senior year, and I finally turned 18, and I couldn't wait to get done with high school and head off to college with my football scholarship, it gives me a free ride as long as I keep a B or better average. I have a good life, proud parents, a future sports career, and a hot girlfriend who I plan to marry. All in all, it's the best I could think of, other than that nagging in the back of my mind. 

The nagging, the constant nagging, noticing boys in the locker room after practice, and the fact that the attraction to my girl seems to be fading fast. I want to be with her, if for any reason than just to be normal. 

I don't want to be a faggot.

Class is about to start now, it's in the middle of the day, just before lunch, everyone is eager to eat and get out of class. The teacher walks in and scans the classroom, we're all silent. Salt and pepper hair, slim but slightly muscular, his mouth quirks up to the side slightly before he speaks. 

"Class we have a new student, this is my son Liam Dickinson." We look to a door and a boy walks in. I have to keep my mouth from dropping open when I see him, short dark brown hair, he's tall, almost as tall as my 6'6, he has a lanky build. His face is chiseled, a slight cleft in his chin, high cheek bones and full pink lips, a slight blush rising on his cheeks. His most startling feature are his bright lavender eyes.

My girl, Angela, who is sitting a few rows up is also ogling him. She looks back and me and sees me staring, I haven't taken my eyes off him since he entered, and when I look at her she's looking at me strangely. 

'Fuck. I hope she doesn't think anything.' 

"Do you have any questions for Liam before we start."

A few people raise their hands, and Liam points to one boy up front. "Why did you just start your senior year? It isn't like you just moved here." We all look at Liam, and I stare at his perfect mouth as he starts speaking, his voice is soft but deep. 

"I was home schooled since middle school when we moved here, I decided to come back this year to celebrate my last year."

Another hand was raised and Liam took it. "Why did you start to get home schooled then, why not earlier?"

"That's when I started having problems with my classmates. They found something out about me that they disagreed with, then we moved here, but my mother decided to home school me so another incident wouldn't happen."

Angela tentatively raised her hand and he pointed to her. "What kind of problems happened for you to have to move and be home schooled?"

Mr. Dickinson shoots a look at Liam, and Liam glances at him and shrugs.

When Liam looks back at us he had a new light about him. "Well, my "problem" was," his voice is dripping in sarcasm as he speaks the word "problem," "is that I'm gay."

His voice lingers longer than it should, the class gets real quiet, and a dark veil shadows his Father's eyes as he looks down and sighs deeply. "Does the class have anymore questions for Liam?" He asks quietly, when no one answers he gestures to the seat for Liam to sit. It's the one right next to mine. 

Everyone looks at him as he makes his way to his seat, he sits quietly and class begins. 

*** I enter my room after taking a shower. It was a long first day, and tiring, and I have a heap of homework to do before I can even think about sleep. Its already 9, and I'm exhausted.

I groan as I pull my bag onto the bed, I sit there in nothing but my boxers as I pull out the books and papers I need. 'Its gonna be a long night.'

So. Very. Long...

*** I wake up, sweat dripping off of me and a horrified expression on my face. 'What the hell was that?'

My books surround me, some on the floor from where I kicked them off when I fell asleep. My hands come to my face and I wipe off the sweat. I sit there and wonder what the hell made me dream that.

I was in my room alone doing my homework, when I decided to lean back and stretch, all of a sudden the book in my lap is replaced by Liam. He's there caressing my bare thighs, my boxers on the floor, as he smiles up at me, my hard cock waving in front of his face.

I smile at him and grasp his hair and moan as he runs his tongue up my shaft slowly. One hand drifts down and cups my balls gently, before he goes and sucks on onto his mouth, the other hand now running his nails gently on my thigh.

"Oh please baby, suck on it..." I groan as he continues teasing my sensitive testis. He then runs his tongue slowly up, going to the head, he gives me a little wink before he plunges down fast, taking my whole 7 inch length into his mouth, going down his tight little throat. 

He swallows around me, bobbing his head, going back to where my head almost leaves his throat before plunging back down. His tongue swirls around my shaft, as he protects it from his teeth. One hand is squeezing my nuts, while the other is stroking my chest. 

"Shit, I'm about to cum." I scream at him and he picks up the pace, swallowing me down frantically before I can't take it anymore and I explode. 

The first two shots go directly down his throat, the next into his hot mouth, and the rest on his face and chest as he pulls back off me. When I'm done, his mouth is still bulging with cum, and his face is covered in it and dripping down. Some is in his dark hair, one eye closed, the other looking at me with bright, seductive eyes as he swallows my load and smiles. I lean forward and kiss him passionately my hand traveling down to his...

And that's when I woke up.

My dream, no nightmare, or is it a dream...? I don't know, but while a reminisce, I stroke the hard-on I woke up with, and when I realize, I can't stop, I'm to far and I want release. Thinking of Liam sucking me off got me this way, and I try to shake it off, trying to think of Angela doing it instead but Liam keeps drifting back. 'Is he that skilled in real life.'

The thought of finding out sends me over the edge and I muffle my scream with my hand as I shoot my jizz across my bed, some landing on my books.

My face is bloodshot as I clean up my load, putting my sheets into the hamper and getting clean ones, and wiping the cum from my books. "I'm not attracted to him." I say over and over, but the back of my mind knows that this mantra is feeble.

*** Every time I see Liam in class I always think about the dreams I have the night before, they keep progressing, him sucking, me sucking, thankfully we haven't fucked though. I'm afraid to sleep because of the dreams, but I eventually pass out and dream the things I keep fearing. 

Then one day at the end of school, I see a crowd of students surrounding something in the parking lot and cheering. I walk over and go to the front of the crowd, expecting to see some freshman getting pounded on by a senior. Instead...

Liam is surrounded by 5 guys, and another guy holding him with his hands behind his back, and on his knees and the others kick him with all their might in his stomach and groin. 

He's screaming with pain, and I see some teachers pass, but they do nothing. 'How can they ignore this?' Because he's gay...' The sympathetic part of my brain screams. 

"Hey Bobby, wanna join?" One of the guys yell at me, a friend from the football team, Mark. I'm about to agree when I look at Liam. He's looking at me, desperation in his eyes, eyes that are telling me to please help him. I shake my head at Mark and he shrugs. "Fine, more of this fag for us." He says and turns back, rearing his leg to kick him again.

Everything goes in slow motion, I run and tackle Mark onto the ground, then getting up and going after the guy holding Liam.

"Bobby, what the hell are you doing? Are you protecting this faggot?" He says as I help Liam to his feet, I see he's grateful. "Are you a queer too Bobby?"

My head snaps back to him. "N-no, I'm not." 

He laughs. "You're a fucking faggot aren't you. All this time, I wonder what Angie will think." I feel anger boiling in me, anger at Mark, anger at me and especially anger at Liam. 

I feel it building up to a crescendo. "Faggot!" Mark screams, when I turn and punch him full in the face. He falls to the ground and I straddle his waist and start punching his face repeatedly. "SHUT THE FUCK UP! I'M NOT A DAMN FAGGOT! I'M NOT GAY! YOU'RE THE QUEER NOT ME, YOU AND HIM! EVERYONE BUT ME!"

It takes all the guys who were beating on Liam to pull me of Mark. Everyone stares at me quietly. Then I see Angela, a look of horror on her face. I try to go to her but she turns and runs to her car. The crowd then disperses, Mark's friends helping him away. I hear footsteps behind me.

"Thank you." Liam says quietly.

I turn my head in his direction, I can only imagine how my face looked, but he immediately backed up, a look of fear on his face. "Fuck you." I say quietly and walk away.

*** A few weeks after that incident, the whole school now thinks I'm gay, and that me and Liam are a thing. No one listens. I've lost everything, all because I helped that fucking homo. I hate myself even more due to the fact that the back of my mind is happy about it now, saying I'm starting to accept my homosexuality. 

It makes it worse because everyday Liam tries to talk to me, making everyone glare and laugh. Angela looks at me with hate and sadness. I was going to marry her, I loved her...didn't I?

"Bobby...why won't you talk to me, you defended me, and now you act like I don't exist." Liam says softly to me. I glare at him. "I hate you, you fucking queer, that's why. You ruined my life because I felt sorry for you.

He stares at his desk and says quietly. "I didn't ask you to help me."

I fall quiet, but I don't want to listen to his truth, or the truth in the back of my mind. 'You're falling for him Bobby...'

I clench my fists to were the knuckles turn white against the strain. 

'Fucking faggot.'

Later that day, a the end off class I go to my locker to switch notebooks. When I get the one I need, a guy with his hood pulled up and over his face grabs it and runs down the hall heading down the stairs. I give chase, yelling for them to give it back, I chase him to the bottom where he turns to the right and goes behind the stairwell. He has no where to go behind there, he's cornered. Stupid freshman.

As I corner him he drops the book and pulls back his hood. Its Liam.

"What the fuck? Liam...?" His name rolls off my tongue like honey and I stop talking. He puts his hands up in surrender. "I'm sorry, I couldn't think of another way for me to talk to you alone. You don't want to go near me and I know you don't anyone to see us talking either."

I feel anger boiling. "You're right, I don't want to fucking talk to you, I'm just going to grab my book and leave, you're lucky I don't beat the shit out of you."

He smiles slightly. "You've already had that opportunity and you didn't take it. I don't think you want to hurt me...in fact I think you like me..."

My face gets hot. 'Does he know...?' 

"Lies. Everything you say, just lies. I don't like you, I hate you, no loath you, I wish you'd die you gay ass fuck."

He drops his hands and walks slowly over to me. "I think you do like me...Bobby, and I...I like you too, and I want to thank you for rescuing me before." He closes in and before I can react his lips press to mine. 

They're warm and soft. He presses slightly closer, he smells so good, and his taste is divine, like some kind of fruit. He wraps his arms around my neck as he deepens the kiss, and his tongue starts to enter mine.

My fist goes back and I punch him with all my might. He falls to the floor clutching his jaw, he has tears in his eyes as he looks up at me. I just stare at him, breathing heavily, before I turn and run, leaving my notebook, and a heartbroken boy.

***

Liam hasn't been to school since then, I heard that he's been sick. After the first week, which was spent avoiding question on why my "boyfriend" wasn't there, it got quiet and they started leaving me alone.

Than one day, I see a note attached to my locker. It's been the norm since I fought Mark, notes calling me gay, and giving crude descriptions of what me and Liam "do" together. 

I open is carefully and I'm surprised. It's a note telling me to come to 567 Cherry Blossom Avenue. No name or anything, and I don't know who lives there, but some part of me feels as if I know and that I should go. I shake my head and throw it away.

*** I keep receiving the notes, everyday, and still haven't figured out who they are from. I've decided, I'll go so I can figure out what this about.

*** I walk up the walkway to the big colonial, surrounded by beautiful flowers, trees and shrubs. It smells fantastic. There is no car in the driveway...is anyone home?

I go and ring the doorbell, and I hear distant footsteps before the door is opened.

Fuck.

"You came." He smiles at me, those beautiful lips quirking upward. He's wearing nothing but a towel and his hair is wet. His bare chest is a sight, muscular, but not scarily so. I'm more muscular than he is. 

"Why the hell did you ask me here Liam?" I'm shuddering as I stare at him...he looks so...

"I wanted to say sorry, and to spend sometime with you, to get to know you."

"Oh fuck this." I turn to walk away and he grabs me. "Please." He says softly, I feel a need to protect him and I step closer to him. 'Why...why does he look so...hot?'

"Liam, I." I say softly. "I can't do this with you, it's a." He cuts me off. "Sin? Not everyone believes like that you know. I don't, I believe everyone is equal, no matter what. That there isn't a deity above cursing us into "hell" just because we love someone, no matter who it is." I stare at him transfixed...'Not a...sin. How can that be...doesn't God damn faggots...Homosexuality is...'

"God wouldn't damn his most precious creation just because he or she loved that of the same gender, love is love, doesn't matter with who it is with. I may not believe in your God, but I believe he wouldn't do what the Bible says he does with so called "sinners."

He pulls me in the house with him.

"Bobby...I love you."

I stare at him. Love? How can he love me, after I treated him like I did. Tears come to my eyes and he wipes them away. 

His lips find mine again, they were just like they were the last time, only this time, I let him. He wraps his arms around my neck again, and mine go around his waist. Such soft skin. 'Can he love me?'

We pull away, that's when we notice that his towel dropped, and my mouth follows it.

His dick is glorious, about the same length as me, and almost as round as a soda can, the head is a light purple with all the blood rushing to it, he looks delicious. 

I feel tightness in my pants as my own erection grows when I see how embarrassed he is. 'He didn't plan this...but I want...'

He goes to cover himself and I grab his hand before and he looks at me surprised. "What are you...?" He starts to ask before he gasps as I grab his shaft. I smile at him and ask coyly, "Don't you want me?" 

"I don't want to force..." I silence him with a kiss and stroke his shaft slowly. He starts moaning and gyrating his hips, then he pulls back. "Follow me." He says quietly and turns around and I follow. He takes me to his bedroom, its covered in artwork and it appears to be his. His bed is huge, along with a flat screen on the wall and more furniture here and there. I see another door close to the far left hand corner. 'Bathroom?'

Before I can ask, he kisses me deep and starts unzipping my pants. My heart starts to race with nervousness and want. I've had sex before, but never with another man, just with Angie. My heart skips a beat for Angie, I hurt her, just because I was afraid to come to terms with myself, but here, in this moment, I've never felt happier.

He pulls out my cock and her cheeks deepen in color, he's so cute, and I want to take him here and now, but I also wanna go slow, if just for his sake and not mine. He pushes me back onto the bed and he falls on his knees in front of me. 'Almost like my dreams...'

He gives me a small smile and gently runs his tongue across the head. A tingling sensation shoots through my spin and kidneys and I let out a soft gasp. He runs his tongue from the base to the tip, repeating the process over and over, going faster each time. My hand goes to the back of his head and I grip his hair tightly and he moans when I do, going even faster in licking me. 

I've had Angie blow me before, it was pretty good, but I ended up just jerking it and blasting it on and in her mouth, but Liam was different, there was a finesse she didn't have, plus, she wasn't...well HIM. 

Just then, after one final lick he takes me in quick and all the way until I hit the back of his throat. A short scream escapes as I grasp his head with both hands now, forcing him deeper. He starts bobbing his head quickly, running his tongue in circles around my shaft. Its soft, wet and warm, his teeth gently scraping every now and then sending electric jolts up my cock and into my brain making it go blank.

I feel myself getting closer, and I feel him shimmy my pants the rest of the way down and he starts massaging my balls. They tighten against my body as I start reaching my peak.

He goes faster, taking me down completely down his throat, swallowing around me spasmodically. He keeps me there, but keeps going up and down fast, getting me to were he can take a breath, and then shoves me back in. 

Just then I feel a moist finger near my ass. He gently strokes it, then slowly pops his finger in to the first knuckle. My eyes clamp shut as I shoot jet after jet of my cum into his mouth. He takes it all with pride, swallowing down ever last drop. He pulls back, smiling.

I look at him in a daze, then lean forward and crush my lips to his. He moans, and I moan with him. I taste my cum, salty, and a bit bitter, but actually good. 

I pull him up on the bed with me and straddle him. I quickly take off my shirt and go back to kissing him. I feel my cock hardening and it start to press against his. Our dicks rub together as we passionately kiss. I feel precum leaking out of me in globs and mixing with his. I can see that it's covering his pubic mound, and some of his lower belly.

I into his eyes, unsure of what to do. He smiles at me. "Go into the bathroom there, in the medicine cabinet is a bottle of lube, go get it." I nod and climb off him, giving him a kiss before I go. I go to the bathroom, finding its almost as big as his bedroom, a huge tub that has to fit at least 8 people, and a shower off to the side. I go to the cabinet and search, its in behind a bottle of peroxide, and I grab it and go back to Liam.

I stop short when I see him, his face is towards me, his mouth open in a pleasurable "o" and his eyes are heavy lidded as he lays with his ass in the air and his face in the pillows. He's stroking his cock and I see precum leaking and making a stain on the bedsheets. 

"You know what to do now right?" He asks jokingly as I walk over, uncapping the lid. I climb on the bed and get behind him, putting some lube into my palm, I put the bottle down and dip a finger in the goo. I touch it gently to his ass and he shivers.
