 The bell rings, signaling the beginning of class. I sit behind my desk watching the students shuffle in and make their way to their seats. After the last few stragglers wander in, I start attendance. 

"Here, here, here," as I go down the list I reach one name, "Nick?" Silence. 

He's not here as usual! Once I've finished attendance, I get up from my desk and walk over to the chalkboard, 

"Today we're going to..." 

I'm cut off by the door opening and Nick shuffles in. I look at him, 

"Nice of you to join us Nick, you're late and I've already marked you absent, go to the office and tell them you're not absent." 

Nick slumps down into his chair, "I'll do it later". 

I walk over to the wall and press the small silver circle which lights up. A voice echoes through the classroom, 

"Hello? Main office." 

I reply, "It's Mr. Coalson, one of my students Nick Drewson came in late and isn't absent." A few seconds passed,

"Thanks Mr. Coalson" 

And the light went out. I walk back over to the chalkboard and resume my class. 

"As I was saying before, today we're going to have a test so we can move on to the next lesson." 

I pick a stack of papers up off my desk and start handing them out. 

"Eyes on your own tests. When done please hand them in!" 

Silence fills the classroom as pencils start hitting papers. Once everyone finished, I start to mark their tests. The bell rings signaling the end of class and everyone gets up to leave.

Students shuffle out and as Nick walks by I grab his shoulder, 

"Nick I need you to stay after class!" 

Nick sighs and sits back down while the rest file out. Once everyone has left I close the door. 

"What's up with you Nick? You're 18 and in college, skipping class, not paying attention? Were you like this in High school?" 

I watch Nick shift in his seat, 

"Yeah I guess.." 

I sigh, "Nick you failed your test so I'm being nice and giving you a re-test."

Nick grunts, "Shocker... I'll try Mr. Coalson." 

I hand Nick a blank test and sit back down at my desk. I hear him mumbling and scribbling. After 10 minutes he hands me his test, I look it over and sigh. 

"Nick.. this is still wrong! Look man you have to pay more attention in class, I can simplify it for you if that's what you want?" 

Nick snorts, "Oh like how? Let me guess.. you want to suck my dick so I'll pay more attention in class?" 

Nick bursts out laughing and my breath catches in my throat. 

I look at Nick who is sitting there laughing, then he looks back at me, 

"Yeah Mr. Coalson, you want me to pay attention in class? Suck my dick and I'll be here on time and actually try!" 

My jaw drops, "I.. Nick.. I can't do that! I'm your teacher! If you don't want to pay attention I can't make you!" 

Nick stands up from his desk walking over to mine. He reaches down and grabs his dick through his jeans, 

"Oh come on now Mr. Coalson you know you want too, I've seen you checking me out!" 

My heart starts pounding in my chest, "N- Nick please, be reasonable here!" 

Nick walks over and pulls the blind down over the classroom door, I see a bulge in his jeans and I can feel my dick hardening. 

I watch Nick walk back over to me, he reaches down grabbing my hand, placing it on his bulging jeans, 

"You know you want this, I won't tell nobody.. our secret!" 

I pull my hand away, "Please Nick, stop!" 

He grabs my hand and pushes it across the length of his dick, 

"Oh look you're hard, I knew you wanted this!" 

He reaches down and grabs my bulging jeans. I jump. I finally give in and rub Nicks bulging jeans. I undo his belt, button and zipper slipping his jeans to the floor. His dick pushes against his blue boxer briefs and I slip my hand down them.

My hand wraps around his hard shaft and he yanks his boxer briefs down, his 8 inch circumcised dick springs out, he grabs my head and pushes me down towards it. I open my mouth and let him push his dick head inside, Nick moans as my mouth wraps around his dick, he slowly pushes my head down. I slowly work his shaft with my lips, feeling his dick jump in my mouth, Nick pushes my head down, I take more and more of his shaft into my mouth until I'm deep throating him. Nick grips the back of my head as he thrusts his hips. His dick slides along my tongue and he moans again.

He pulls his dick out of my mouth and I stroke his hard jumping shaft. Precum oozes out of his dick head and I lean back in sucking hard on the head, he moans and grips my head, I swirl my tongue over his dick head, Nick thrusts his hips again, sending his shaft down my throat, he continues to thrust his hips back and forth. His dick sliding along my tongue, leaving a salty trail with each thrust. His precum flow quickens, I suck harder and Nick moans, 

"Oh fuck I'm going to cum!" 

Nick thrusts harder and with one final thrust. Nick shoots his thick hot load into my mouth. I swallow rope after rope of his thick hot cum as it spurts down my throat. 

"Fuuuuck!" 

Nick moans as he finishes, I stroke his shaft while the last little bit of cum drips out. 

I watch him slip his boxer briefs back on and pull his pants up. Once he's all dressed again he looks at me, winks and heads for the door, 

"See you tomorrow Mr. Coalson"