 There it is... the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. She is just the way I wanted a woman to look when I was a teenager. Giant breast with perfect nipples that just had a way that made me want to suck them. And this is the moment I realized I am no longer that masturbating little teenage boy who just wanted boobs, ass and pussy. It was done. How did this happen? All I have ever wanted was a slave. All I have wanted is a sexy girl to do my every wish, my every command, and my every fantasy. What the hell did she do to me? I was standing there understanding it all. I know what she expects, me to get hard just by looking at her and then, like the male I am, take full advantage of this gorgeous slut before me. But it isn't happening; my cock stays soft. I watch as she advances. Step by step so seductively and my mind is screaming, "fuck her damn it!!!" My body is still, not moving from my chair. I am so incredibly turned on by her display, the way she moves is just so innocent, naïve, and yet so knowing. She seems to know just how I want to see her ass being moved. She knows just how I love to watch a girl as beautiful as her spreading her legs showing it all and then hiding it like she knows how naughty she really is and she is ashamed if only for a moment. I am unflinching. My head is spinning and I understand this is all I have ever wanted. She is here just to be mine. She is here just to be my slave. She is here just to please me! WHY CAN'T I FUCK HER?! What has she done to me to make my cock so very flaccid as I am shown this incredible gift? 

Her hands are on my knees and her lips are softly touching my soft cock. I am in ecstasy. I mutter and moan as she begins to softly tease my body with hers. She runs her lips over my shaft and balls. Moving back up to my head and softly kissing it before she swallows my entire still soft cock into her mouth. All the way down to the balls she sucks and moves and finally my cock awakens. I understand now. I get what she has done. My cock grows longer and longer, finally stretching to its full potential as this goddess manipulates me in her mouth and hands. My eyes open and close as frequently as I begin to fill the sensation that I have longed for since my first blow job. I am so close to coming in her beautiful little mouth. My eyes close again and it happens. I shoot my life's load into her mouth. The goddess jumps and is shocked by it, she falls back and it shoots again catching her eye and her mouth and her beautiful chest. She strokes my cock fast and I am moaning so deeply I close my eyes again and it feels stronger. Her lips are back around my cock and I know she is a good slave for cleaning my mess off my cock. I understand it now. I thought it would never happen. I resisted everything. I just got sucked off by this most beautiful girl; it can't be true. Can it? Could she really have turned me into the faggot she knew I was?

I AM NOT A FAGGOT... I AM NOT A FAGGOT... my mantra for the past 2 months comes into my mind. I AM NOT A FAGGOT... I AM NOT A FAGGOT... I was just pleased by a beautiful woman. I AM NOT A FAGGOT... I AM NOT A FAGGOT... I was just pleased by a beautiful woman. 

"Did you enjoy that?" her voice makes my body shiver, "Did you enjoy you birthday present?"

"It isn't my birthday. It's fucking October. My birthday isn't for another 3 months." My only outward defiance is in my words. I must defy her. I must if I hope to survive this with the only thing I can keep; my pride. 

"Oh no you are mistaken little boy, today is your rebirth day. Today is the day you accept the fact you are my faggot." Her voice pierces my very soul. I AM NOT A FAGGOT.

"You just had a girl suck me off... you aren't very smart if you think that makes me a faggot."

"Really now, Insulting me? You know better..." Even as she says a force propels me from my chair and into the floor face first. "Face down ass up, isn't that how you like it?" Wait who was she talking to? That wasn't directed to me. She knows I am not a faggot. Who the hell is she talking to???

"You know it baby." The voice booms through the room, a low and slow draw implies he is from a country area but where I can never know, all I know is I AM NOT A FAGGOT.

"Well don't hold back. The faggot is ready to be made into a real slut today." I AM NOT A FAGGOT. I can't let this happen without defying this. 

"What the hell are you thinking? I AM NOT A FAGGOT you dumb stupid bitch, and who is your redneck friend? Some dumbass you picked up at the clubs last night? Great life decisions there pal." My voice sounds scarred. I wanted it to be forceful but after 2 months of this I guess I can only muster a voice of fear, even in defiance I am afraid. 

"Well now I know how to stop that back talk now don't I little faggot?" the gag she puts into my mouth forces me to gag when I don't hold my head at the right angle. "And don't mock him I believe you were the one who came home with me after a night of drinking and decided to stay." I am helpless now. My defiance is only in my mantra. I AM NOT A FAGGOT. "Go ahead dear, little faggot won't cause you any trouble now. He is all yours for the hour and only an hour."

"Thank you for the gift mistress. I will do appreciate this little faggot's ass." The voice is close now. The shadow before my face shows he is directly on top of me. I just want to run but these damn restraints on my ankles have my legs locked together. Muffled cries are all I can manage as the first feel of his cock grazes my ass cheeks. "You like cock don't you boy? I can see it. You perked your ass up high when I touched it. You want my cock in you faggot? You want me don't you faggot?" 

I AM NOT A FAGGOT. I AM NOT A FAGGOT. I scream it in my head but my body keeps betraying me. My ass is lifted up and set for the right angle he wants. I have no control. My body is his. My ass is his. My very being is his. I am his. Why does this turn me on? My cock barely moved when I had the most gorgeous girl every dancing for me. But this man's very touch got me harder than I ever was for my dream girl. Am I a faggot? No I AM NOT A FAGGOT. I know this. I remember my first kiss with a girl, my first Blow job, my first fuck. It was so good, it is all I want. I AM NOT A FAGGOT. Oh my God why am I so damn hard. He isn't even touching my cock or balls? He is playing with my nipples and my cock is about to burst. Am I a faggot? No, I just had a girl suck my cock. I can't be a faggot. Can I? Am I a faggot? 

His hand touches my hip and I know that feeling. It is the same move I used to do, the same move I did the first night I was in this house with mistress. I placed my hand on her hip right before I...

"Yeah you like that cock in your ass fag?" I moaned... I never moan like that. What is going on? Am I a faggot? His movement pushes his cock farther than I had ever felt. Farther than the toys mistress has used. Wider than the plugs she has made me wear. My ass is being pushed apart by his strong hands. Why am I so turned on? This is supposed to hurt. I thought this would hurt me like the toys did my second night here when I was tied to the bed. Why is my cock so hard? Am I a faggot? Do I like this? As I moan again my mouth is freed from the gag and my cry echoes through the room. 

"I knew you'd like my cock faggot. You want me to fuck you now?" I AM NOT A FAGGOT? This feels so good. I can't move. I am restrained. Constricted. My head is on the ground with a man behind me with his cock all the way inside me. Am I a faggot? No, I just had a girl suck me off. I can't be a faggot. But this feels so much better than that. My mantra is long gone. I am a faggot. I am a faggot now. I want this more. I want to know how it feels to have him fuck me. I want to know what it means to be a faggot. I want to know what it means to make him cum. Would he come in my mouth like I did to her? Would he come in my ass? Oh my God what is happening? I am a faggot. 

"Yes, please fuck me. I want to feel it." That is my defiance? That was acceptance. Am I a faggot? I am a faggot. I am being fucked by a man in my ass. I love it. I want more of it. I want to please him. Oh my god that's so good. He is barely moving and I am about to come. "Fuck me please harder, I love it. Please fuck me." "I knew you were a faggot. Thank you Mistress." As the word mistress rang out through the room I heard the words from across the room.

"You are welcome now little faggot, why don't you thank me?" I am her faggot... I am what she wanted. She had made me into a faggot. She has manipulated, Kidnapped, Tortured, brainwashed me, and I love her for it. I love this feeling. I need more of it. "Thank you mistress!" my voice sounds shaky in between thrust of his hard cock and his moans do something to me. He makes me feel slutty, like a faggot should feel.

"Now little faggot, I am going to count to three. Not five. Not ten. I am going to count to three. When I finish my count you are going to cum. Then you will be released from your restraints and you will do what you know you are to do. Do you understand me?"

"Ye....s..." my voice shakes I'm being fucked so hard I can't even say yes. I am a faggot. I am her faggot. I love this man's cock in my ass. I love being a faggot. 

"One." I forgot about her count. What am I supposed to do when I am released?

"Two." Yes this man is amazing with his cock. I am going to cum for him and I haven't even been touched on my cock. 

"Three." I am exploding. My moans are all I can hear. The pleasure is going through my body. I am shaking. I am exploding. I am in shock. 

"Don't stop. Please don't stop. Fuck me. Fuck me please. I'll be a good faggot. Please don't stop. Harder. Please fuck me harder." My plea is answered almost immediately as I am spraying my load on the floor. He is grunting behind me, his hands in my hips as he pushes my body towards his. I am coming from a man fucking my ass. I AM A FAGGOT. And my hands are holding my body up as he is fucking me, wait my hands are free! I am his slut now. I must please him. I must make him cum.

"Yea baby work that cock. Push your ass on to it. That's it make me cum for you. Thank you mistress he's such a faggot." My body shakes at her name and my cock is limp between my legs but I don't care. I want his cum. I want his cum. I am a faggot. 

"Stop. Now let's try something new for you." His thrust pushes so deep I can feel my cock twitch and then it leaves me, his cock is out and my ass feels incomplete.

"Wait don't stop, please. I need your cum."

"Oh you'll have my cum. Now clean that cock and make me cum with that pretty faggot mouth." Did he finish that sentence before I was sucking his cock? Who cares? I am a faggot. I need his cum. I want his cum. Maybe I should lick the balls. No, stroke the shaft. Yes he likes that. He is close I can feel it building. I am a faggot. I AM A FAGGOT. That feels so right to think. This cock is all I want now. 

"Yea just like that faggot." My mistress's voice is behind me now. I can hear her closeness; feel her breath on my neck as she closely examines me sucking his cock. I want his cum. 

"Yea I am coming." His cock leaves my mouth and goes into hers; am I jealous? Yes I am actually fucking jealous. I wanted that cum. I earned that cum. I want cum. I am a faggot and I want his cum. 

"You wanted this cum didn't you?" she's mocking me? 

"Yes." I sound disappointed.

"Are you a faggot?" 

"I AM A FAGGOT. I WANTED HIS CUM. I EARNED HIS CUM LIKE A GOOD FAGGOT. I AM A FAGGOT!" That was loud, demanding, aggressive. I want his cum!

"Oh there is my passionate little faggot I knew you were. Now tell me what were you thinking about when the slave was giving you a blowjob? I saw you close your eyes. What were you thinking while trying to deny yourself the pleasures of being a little faggot?" her words were piercing. She knew me. She saw through my soul. I know she was right even if I hadn't admitted it earlier. I closed my eyes and my cock got hard. I closed my eyes and I couldn't help but moan. She had no power over me. She couldn't even turn me on. She was all I ever dreamed about when I was younger, why did I close my eyes?

"I was picturing a man before me. I was her. I was pleasing him. I was what he wanted. I was willing to be his slave. I was my dream girl. I sucked his cock until he came. When I closed my eyes I saw what I wanted more than anything. I wanted to be her. I was jealous. I wanted to be a slut for cock like she was and when I closed my eyes I could see it." I can't believe I denied myself this truth earlier, but every word was true. I had been a faggot for so long, I was so ashamed, and I was so envious of the girls who were getting cock. I have always wanted to be so pleased with pleasing others. I have been lying to myself for so long I am crying.

"Good faggot. Now stop your crying and lick the cum off my face. There will be many loads for you later when they arrive."