 John and I met in high school, he was your typical jock, all the girls wanted him, even some of the guys, but John only had eyes for one person, Jennifer, they were sweethearts from year one. John and I struck up a friendship by necessity. John needed his grades to improve or he would not graduate, John excelled at sports, but not so much in academics. I was to be John's tutor, we were an unlikely pair to be friends, him the jock, big tough strong, well built, myself more of the nerd, glasses, not into sports, more of a book kind of guy.

The school paired us up, my grades at the top of the class, John's at the bottom, one of the girls in class was asked, but quickly refused, I was second choice on the list to be John's tutor. John and I met at school, he really was the dumb jock, this would be a tough task to get this guy to get a passing grade in anything but sports, I would earn my extra credit if I could get this guy to pass even one of his classes. John was the guy in class to horse around, never listen to what the teacher was trying to get us to learn, he always had to be the center of attention.

I met with John in the principal's office, he introduced us, like I did not know who John was, but I could see John had no clue as to who I was, he looked at me like I was the new kid in school. We set up to meet after school, in one of the classrooms, only John and I, the first meeting was getting to know what John needed help in, turns out it was everything. John got this really serious look, 

"Why are you helping me man?" John inquired. 

"I need the extra credit, and if I decide to go into teaching then I have this as a reference!" I explained. 

John again gave me this weird look. 

"John you want to graduate don't you? You don't want to be a high school drop out." I said looking at him. 

"Yeah I guess, never gave it much thought actually!" John said.

"If you don't graduate you will have to be in here for another year, this is your opportunity to be done with high school. Move on to better things." I said to him. 

John got this serious look to him, I don't think he ever gave it much thought. It was a very slow start, we had so much to cover and so little time, trying to get John to focus was the hard part, so many distractions in the school, between his friends coming by to make faces in the windows, to the cleaners trying to get their work done, John just could not keep his mind on the task at hand.

I finally decided he would come to my place, then there would be no distractions no one there to interrupt us, and maybe John would stand a chance at getting to his goal. The first meeting at my place John was late. 

"John you need to be on time, I have other commitments you need to make the effort be on time!" I told him. 

John was about to give one of his lame excuses he gave the teachers at school. I held my hand up, 

"John don't waste my time and I won't waste yours. You don't want to graduate then fine stay in high school." I told him bluntly.

Needless to say he was on time, most times early getting to our study sessions. After about a week of us working together, the teachers and I could see dramatic improvements in John, he was much more focused, he knew the material, he even got a B+ on a class quiz. It must have been week two that something weird happened, we were sitting at the table in my room, going over the material we had to cover, my hand touched John's arm, he pulled back, 

"Sorry John." I said feeling bad. 

"No its okay I'm a little on edge lately, the big game and the stress of all this extra homework, and my girlfriend dumped me. She said I don't have enough time for her anymore." John said looking so worn out.

"I'm sorry to hear that John, I am sure she will come around we only have a few more weeks, then finals, and you will be done!" I said trying to make light of his situation. 

"Finals they have me stressed too, and my ex girlfriend has a new boyfriend she is with Dwayne!" John exclaimed. 

"Her loss John you ten times the man Dwayne is!" I said trying to make him feel better. 

John gave me this odd look, not sure anyone had ever told the guy he was a great guy. John excused himself to go to the washroom, after about five minutes I decided to go investigate where he was, the washroom door was ajar, it was only he and I in the house, my parents not home till five. I pushed the washroom door open, there he was pants and underwear around his ankles, legs spread, his cock in one hand his balls in the other, John was rock hard, stroking his cock, I went to pull the door shut, John looked up as he did his cock shot ropes of cum, on the floor, on the bath mat, on his pants and underwear, seems he would not stop shooting.

John sat there his cock in one hand his balls in the other, he quickly tried to get up to get his pants up. 

"Oh fuck Tommy, I'm so sorry man." John apologized. 

I grabbed the door handle pulling the door shut. I had just seem John's cock balls and one hell of a huge load being shot all over my bathroom floor. I went back to my room, waiting for John to return. It was another five minutes before he came back in sheepishly, 

"Sorry about that Tommy, I did not expect you to come find me!" John said. 

"No worries John, we all do it." I said trying to make light of it. 

Nothing more was said on the subject, the rest of the studying was a waste of time, John could not focus nor could I for some reason.

All I could see is John sitting there cock in hand, big balls in the other, his cock dripping precum, his knob shiny, the look on his face as he blew his load was priceless. I had a hard time to conceal my own cock, this had me rock hard I would need to stroke one out myself at this point. 

"Maybe we should stop for the day John?" I suggested. 

I could see the look of concern on John's face. 

"No one needs to hear of what you saw in the bathroom just now do they Tommy?" John asked. 

"No John no one! That is between you and I." I stated.

I could not get the image of John's cock out of my head, it was perfect, uncut with a generous amount of foreskin, thick and about seven inches in length, the base of his cock a mat of curly black hair, his balls huge orbs he had stretched out the skin so they were more prominent, I wanted to be on my knees licking his ball sack. 

"Tommy are you okay? I am going to go if that is okay?" John asked concerned. 

"Yeah John that is fine!" I said. 

I would have to walk him to the door there was no way I could hide my rock hard cock from him, I picked up a book to carry in front of my bulging pants.

There was no book that would hide the bulge in my pants, Johns eyes were bulging out at the sight of the state my pants were in. I escorted John out of the house, quickly going back to the washroom where John had just blown his load, I could see there was still spots John had not cleaned up the floor, his beautiful white cum on my bathroom floor. I quickly removed my trousers and tee, sitting naked on the bathroom floor, scooping up the remains of the cum John had previously deposited on my floor, I would use his cum to stroke my own cock. 

I did not hear him come back in the house, he came down the hall, finding the bathroom door half open, me on the floor naked, stroking my cock, with my eyes closed I did not see him watching me in the doorway, John removed his sweats and underwear, pulling his tee over his head without a sound. John took his semi erect cock in hand slowly stroking while watching me. Something came over me I knew I was not alone, someone was watching me, I sensed it. 

I opened my eyes to see John standing a few feet away from me, hard cock in hand, rolling his balls in the other. I quickly stopped stroking, my cock was on the edge, a load boiling over ready to erupt, John walked in the bathroom, his cock so close to me. My hand went up his leg, my other hand resumed stroking my own cock, the stimulation of John's hairy leg did it, his cock being so close to my face, my cock erupted, I hit my own chin, chest and abdomen. 

My hand got close to John's balls gently brushing them, John's cock erupted once again, he sprayed my hair, face and chest with his liquid cream. I stuck my tongue out to lap up some of his white gold, his cum tasting so good.

John stood there, myself in a seated position, our cocks slowly deflating. John turned to grab his clothes, he kept the door open as he got dressed, 

"Are you going to sit there all night? Or are you going to put some clothes on?" John asked. 

I gave him a sly smile, 

"I just may stroke out one more before my parents come home!" I said with a smile. 

"Not sure I could stroke out one more, maybe if I had some motivation, or if a friend gave me a hand or something!" John suggested. 

"Something? I can do something." I said with a smile. 

John walked right up to me, I was still on the floor naked, he slid his sweats off his cock again semi erect, my hand went to his cock, it felt so nice in my hand, so thick the skin so loose, his knob glistening, covered in precum and cum, I knew I had to taste it from the hose, I pulled John in close, I got up so his cock was pointed at my mouth, I gently pulled back his foreskin, my tongue went in for a lick, the taste was incredible, so salty, so sticky.

I slowly took John's cock into my mouth his cock was a perfect fit, thick enough to fill my mouth full, long enough to reach the back of my throat, my tongue went into action, I sucked down rolling my tongue on the underside of his beautiful tool. I placed my hands on his hips, rocking his body so he was gently fucking my mouth, I dreamed of sucking this guys cock and here I was in my own house in my own bathroom and John was feeding me his beautiful cock.

John would not last long, he grabbed the back of my head and guided his tool down my throat, I grabbed my own rock hard penis and stroked it, it would not take long for me, with his beautiful cock in my mouth, my hand stroking my own cock, I would be shooting my second load for the day. I sucked down on John's cock I got a muffled sound from him. 

"Mmm oh fuck Tommy your a really good cocksucker, suck my cock Tommy, oh fuck here it comes!" John said his voice rising.

John tried to pull his cock out of my mouth I let go of my own cock and pulled his hips into my face, his cock buried deep in my mouth I would have my reward, John would feed me his milky white load. His cock pumped the cum into me, he blasted the back of my mouth, my mouth filled with his wonderful cum. After a few more strokes my own cock shot its payload all over John's feet, and the bathroom floor. 

I sat there with a look of satisfaction, and exhaustion, I had not cum two times in quite some time, John leaned against the bathroom vanity, his cock deflated, with a small pool of cum dripping from the tip. I crawled over to him taking his cock in my mouth, I would lick him clean. 

"Tommy I can't do that again!" John pleaded. 

"No I am just cleaning you up, don't want to waste that wonderful cum of yours!" I said looking up at him.

"Dam you're a really good cocksucker! I kind of hope we can do that again some time Tommy!" John said with a grin.

I gave John a sly smile, 

"Like I would refuse to suck your cock again, come on man I can't wait, we can study once you get here then put some time to the side to do some fun stuff!" I suggested. 

"Sounds good Tommy, maybe I can try to suck on yours?" John asked. 

"Think I would like that John!" I said with a grin.