 We have stripped as we came into the house and headed to the bedroom. As we passed down the hallway, I asked you if you trusted me. Your response was in the affirmative. I told you I wanted to experiment and that you had to be my submissive this time; it could be your turn next if you wanted. With some obvious trepidation, you agreed but only after I promised I would never hurt you.

As we enter the bedroom, you saw the lit candles as the only illumination. At each corner of our four-poster bed were leather thongs with soft sheepskin linings so as not to chafe your skin. I instructed you to lie at the head of the bed and I quickly manacled your wrists to bottom of the posts there. Then, I took a length of soft black silk and wrapped it around your head, thus effectively blindfolding you. As you lay there in nervous anticipation, you felt me lift your left leg back over your head and you felt your ankle being manacled against the top of the bedpost.

Your right leg was next until you felt the cool air of the room blowing across your exposed asshole and your cock strained to become erect in the constricted space between your legs thrown over your head and your belly.

"What are you doing to me?" you asked tremulously.

"Wait and see, lover." 

You suddenly felt the heat of my tongue as I traced around your anal ring and over your spread perineum to the bottom of your balls. As my lips wrapped around your heavy balls, they withdrew higher with excitement.

I pulled back – you could sense the movements on the bed even though you were blind. Then, a cool liquid sensation filled your anal opening and you knew right away that I was squeezing AstroGlide into your darkest recesses. Two of my fingers followed shortly as they worked their way up to my palm inside that warm silken tunnel of your ass. You clenched down tight to try and hold them in but I withdrew them only to replace them with our butt plug at your well-lubed opening. You haven't experienced it yet but you know it will fill you up completely.

I press lightly at first then increase the pressure as I watch your sphincter slowly open and relax to allow the ever-widening plug to slide inside you. You are moaning now as the pain that started is easing and turning into pleasure as your ass is stretched wider than I have ever seen it. Even I had my doubts that you could take it all in. Suddenly, the widest part slips in with a pop and the narrow neck seats itself effectively closing the plug inside you. 

"My God! I feel so full!" you cry. "Thank you babe!"

Since your legs are spread wide in their restraints to the top of the bedpost, I can easily lift your perfect cock - now hard as steel – up between your legs and I run my tongue into your urethra to lap up the continuing flow of precum. The more I stick my tongue into your pee hole, the more precum you pour out onto my tongue where I savour every drop. I open my mouth wide and, with my lips wrapped tightly around your shaft, I slide your beautiful cock all the way into my mouth.

With the long slim plug pressing against your prostate – I ensure that it does by pressing the base harder and harder - your climax is shortcoming and you fill my mouth with your tasty nectar. I swallow all but the last burst; this I share with you in a deep tongue-fucking kiss.

After licking your cock completely clean, I get up on my knees and slowly remove the butt plug from your ass. You moan with the feeling of emptiness but are soon replenished as I drive three-crossed fingers hard inside you. They are soon joined by a fourth and I am finger fucking you fast and furious.

"Please, lover. Give it all to me!"

I ask, "What is it you want me to do? You have to tell me specifically."

"I want your whole hand in my ass! Please fist me!"

We have never experimented to this extent but it was one of the reasons I wanted you bound like this. After I withdraw my fingers, I kiss your slowly closing ring tenderly and. Pouring more AstroGlide over your ass and my hand, I make as small a fist of my right hand as I can and press it against your still relaxed sphincter. You press down (at least as much as you can with your legs bound high) to meet my pressure and your ring starts to spread itself around my fist as though it is swallowing it whole. I am so amazed at what is happening, I almost miss the sensation of seeing my whole hand pass your outer ring and slide inside your heated passage.

"Oh my God! That feels so damn good! Push more inside" you cry out.

As I press my hand further until I am in to my wrist, I lift my hands up and release the ties on your legs so they can fall to the bed around me. Once your feet hit the bed, you start to pump your hips higher and faster thus pulling my hand deeper inside you. As I feel the sponginess of your prostate, I open my hand and massage that sensitive organ until your cock spews forth a mixture of precum and cum on your stomach. 

"Fuck me. Please!" you cry as your hand reaches down to grab my buried arm and pull it in further and faster. 

My arm is moving at a blur, matched only by the speed of you own hips as we move together. Your anal muscles are clamping down so hard that I am losing all feeling in my arm but we continue until you reach another, less massive climax once again covering yourself and the sheets with your cum.

I slowly withdraw my hand and the last inch or so as my opened hand escapes your ass is a little painful for you. I lean over you to kiss you and tell you I love you but as I do, my own cock, begging for some relief, kisses the well-used opening of your anus and slips inside to the root.

Even after all that stretching by the plug and my arm, your ass is still as tight and virginal as it always is and the heat and slickness of it makes me want to fuck you all over again but this time with me. I slip the restraints off your hands and you wrap your arms around my neck and legs around my ass as you pull me deeper inside you. As I start to lovingly fuck my man, we exchange kisses for over an hour as I manage to hold off cumming until I know you are ready again. As your cock twitches against my belly as I lie on you I lunge once more inside you until I bottom out and fill you with my seed. This causes you to cum slicking our tightly held bodies until it almost glues us as one.

We roll to our side with my cock finally starting to soften in you and as it falls out with a slight pop and your ass flows with the excess, we hold each other tightly with our legs wrapped together and faces touching as we profess our love for each other before falling asleep.