 The angel darted through the corridor as fast as he could. He pulled down tables and potted plants as he ran past, blocking the passage. He hoped to delay the three demons that were chasing him. He only needed to buy himself enough time to get outside. Then he could fly out of the labyrinth that served as a barrier between the holy and demonic realms and return home. The demons were catching up to him as they swung around a corner. None of them could fly in the cramped space of the hallway and the demons were much slower on foot than the angel. But the angel was wounded and the demons were gaining on him, fast. He turned another corner and saw thee maze branch off into two directions. He hesitated before taking a left turn. He checked over his shoulder and saw the demons were further behind him. His grin of triumph faded, however, as he skidded to a halt. He ran his hands over the smooth wall in front of him.

He had reached a dead end.

He spun around as he heard the three pairs of feet come to a halt behind him. The three demons were laughing and grinning as they closed in around him. Two of them grabbed his arms, but he used them as leverage and lifted up to kick the third in the face. The demon fell back, landing on the ground with a thud. He managed to break the grip of one and tried to drag himself away, but the demon on the floor hooked him by the ankle and he crashed to the ground beside him. He struggled as the demon climbed on top of him, pinning his chest to the ground.

He gasped as he felt cold manacles surround his wrists as they were chained together. "Please, no! Let me go!" he cried. The demons barked with laughter as they chained his feet together and bound his wings. They pulled him to his feet and clamped a collar around his neck.

"Move it," the demon behind him grunted, pushing him forward. He nearly fell as he tripped over his chained feet, but the demon in front of him pushed him upright. The demon held a leading chain and pulled him along with it. The angel pulled against the chain, a last effort to resist, and was rewarded with a slap to the face. He rubbed his stinging cheek and sniffled as he followed the demon meekly. The demon grinned at him, baring his sharp teeth and he hung his head in defeat.

The angel was tall, standing at 6'3", but he was dwarfed by the even taller demons. His flesh was pale and white in comparison to their ashen gray. His skin was smooth and flawless, while theirs was marred with red, swirling marks. His hair was golden blonde, cropped close to his head and theirs was black, long, and wild, twisted horns sprouting out of their heads. The demons led him through the labyrinth for what seemed like hours. As he began feeling he would faint from exhaustion, they reached a trap door. One of the demons came to the front and unlatched it. He grinned and pulled it open. The angel gazed down through it and gulped. A ladder hung down in the open air, clouds swirling around it. It looked like a long fall. One of the demons climbed down the ladder and opened his black, leathery wings. He flapped a few times to stabilize himself and then held out his arms. The demon behind the angel shoved him forward. He fell through the trap door and for a few sickening moments he was in free fall. He landed in the arms of the demon, who fell a few before being able to compensate for his weight.

"Won't you make a tasty treat for the master?" he growled, snapping at his ear. The angel wanted to struggle, but he knew that he would fall, with his wings bound to his back, and surely die. "Oh, nice and docile now, are we?" The demon holding him took off, the others fast behind him. They flew nearly vertically downwards until they reached a great lake. They skimmed the very surface as they flew towards a large castle. The angel stiffened as they approached the evil looking fortress. They flew into a large courtyard, guarded by demons.

"Tell the master we've a freshly caught angel from the labyrinth!" one announced. A small demon flew off into the castle to deliver the message. They set him down on the ground and led him forward by the chain once more. He followed the demons through the courtyard and into the great hall of the castle. He was both awed and terrified by the beauty of it. They led him up a grand staircase and knocked on the first door they came to. The door opened of its own accord.

"Do come in," a silky voice purred.

The demons led him into the room. He began to shake in fear. What would this master look like? Was he a monstrous beast? Surely he had to be more grotesque than the demons with him now. They stepped into the light. Sitting on a day bed, sipping wine was a tall, pale skinned, demon. He smiled and set down his wine glass and stood.

His long black hair cascaded down his back and he was clothed in nothing more than jewelry and a long loincloth. He stalked forward. His movements were inhumanly graceful.

"My, my, my, what do we have here?" he purred. He approached the angel and grabbed him by the chin. "So beautiful, and," he inhaled through his nose and grinned, "fresh..." He ran his hands over the chains that bound him. "Are these really necessary?" he asked. He snapped his fingers and they disappeared. The angel rubbed his wrists and neck. "That will be all," he said, gesturing to the demons. The looked at each other, then bowed their heads and left the room.

He took the angel by the hand and pulled him flush against him. 

"Now, isn't this more comfortable?"

"Release me!" the angel ordered.

The demon laughed and held him tighter. "Oh, but you are my honored guest here. I promise you will enjoy your stay..." He pulled him over to the day bed and pulled him down on top of him. The angel struggled to get away, but the demon held him easily. "I am Uvall. And you are?"

The angel said nothing, just struggled.

"It's rude not to answer your host!" Uvall snapped, his grip tightening until it was painful. The angel was frightened by his sudden angry outburst.

"My name is Kerubiel..."

"That's much better," he said, relaxing his grip. "Now Kerubiel..." The angel did not pay attention to the words coming out of Uvall's mouth. He froze when he felt a wandering hand sneak down his back to his backside. He jumped in Uvall's lap and tried frantically to get away. But Uvall grabbed him and pinned him down. "Don't be rude, Kerubiel!" he hissed. A forked tongue slithered out of his mouth and coated his lips. His hand resumed wandering around his body, sliding to his front. Kerubiel cried out as it passed over his chest.

"Your nipples are hard," Uvall commented, squeezing one for emphasis. "Are you thinking impure thoughts?"

"Please...stop this!"

"Now, why would I do that?" Uvall asked, straddling him.

"It is sinful!" he gasped as the other massaged his chest.

"No one can see you down here, angel. No god can reach you in this realm. I will show you your true desires..."

He leaned in and kissed him on the lips, his tongue slipping into the other's mouth. Kerubiel did his best to fight him off, but his strength was of no match to the demon's. The demon pulled back, as string of saliva connecting their lips.

"Give in, Kerubiel..." He hand snuck down his front and grabbed him directly between the legs. Kerubiel froze as his hand began to massage his limp cock.

"No! Stop!" he cried. He was cut off by the other kissing him again. He was rougher this time, tilting his head into the kiss. Desperate, he reached out and slapped the demon across the face. Uvall paused and turned to him again, his face a mask of rage.

"How dare you!" he roared. "You ungrateful little-" he forcefully kissed him again. "Do it again," he whispered. "Hit me again." The angel was confused and afraid of this behavior. "Come on, Kerubiel, don't you want to?" He accented each statement with a kiss. "Aren't you angry Kerubiel? Don't you want to escape? Hit me!" he ordered. Kerubiel anxiously did it again, not as hard this time. "Do it again, hit me hard!" he moaned. Kerubiel punched him, genuinely trying to escape again. He now felt Uvall was more dangerous than before. However, Uvall grabbed both his wrists in one hand and pinned them above his head.

"Do you feel good yet?" he asked, licking his cheek. Kerubiel shook his head 'no.' "Am I losing my touch?" He gripped his cock again and rubbed it through the fabric of the angel's toga. "You liar! I can feel you getting harder!" He pulled up the fabric and slipped his hand inside his loincloth, pulling it down and freeing his cock. "I know you can feel it, you can feel the sinful pleasure from inside you. We will help you unlock this pleasure and free you from the confines of angelhood." Kerubiel was losing the will to struggle against the pleasure. Uvall paused from stroking his cock to grab a small vial from the table beside the day bed. He opened it with one hand and poured it over his cock. Kerubiel gasped as he was bathed in a sudden heat.

"What is that?" he gasped. "What did you do to me?"

"Nothing you won't like," Uvall purred, rubbing it into his skin. "Only an aphrodisiac to heighten your pleasure..." Kerubiel could immediately feel the effects of it. The heat in the pit of his stomach grew until it was unbearable.

"Make it stop! Please!" he cried.

"There's only one way to stop it," Uvall explained. "You have to release the energy. It looks like this is your first time, so I'll help you. He leaned down and encased his cock in his mouth. He sucked on it eagerly. It was true that it was Kerubiel's first time, so he immediately came in the other's mouth. The demon swallowed all of it immediately. "You taste so pure..." Kerubiel stopped fighting, to exhausted by his first orgasm and simply lay back, panting. He felt Uvall lie down next to him, wrapping his arms around him. His eyes began to droop shut. "Don't worry, we'll take care of you here."