 So here it is, going into my second year of college and you guessed it: I'm still a virgin. I've come pretty close before to losing it but that's a completely different story. My name is Eric and this is the story of my first sexual experience.

It was my second year at Mission College an all male college with mostly black people. At a fairly young age I knew what I wanted to do with my life and that was to join the military so I decided to apply for the ROTC scholarship. Glory be to God, I actually got. So like I said earlier, I am sophomore in college and I'm now in a position of leadership in my ROTC unit, or battalion. The previous year, I really struggled at everything so I was determined to be at the bottom of the barrel this year. I spent all summer physically getting ready. And sure enough, I was. I was in the best shape I had ever been in. I had big plans when I got back to school and honestly some might of have been delusions of grandeur, but it was well worth it. 

We had a new batch of freshman come in and they were a pretty good batch, but there was one who was a cut above the rest. He was a real fine brother that was light skinned with rippling muscles and washboard abs. He was a bit hairy but in a cute way. His name was Tre. He was a real cool down to Earth kind of dude and smart too. Looking back at it, I kind of hate myself for not realizing how fine he was in the beginning. Ironically I didn't notice him at first. I heard his name pop up around the unit and when I saw him, he seemed like he was doing great but because where on different career tracks, I never thought much of him. 

Now one of the requirement for our program is a swim test that we had to pass yearly unless you received another qualification that exempted you from taking it for the rest of your time there. Now this guy was an iron duck. I kid you not. Could not swim for shit. I was one of the better swimmers in the program so he decided to come to me for help and of course I was ready willing to help him. Everyday I would get him from his room after his last class and take, or some days, drag him to the pool. I did this the entire length of the semester and somewhere along the way, he decided that he wanted to switch his career path. So I would work out with him damn near everyday. As the semester continued we grew close and the next thing you know, the semester was over. 

Now we didn't live too too far from each other so I told him that if he wanted to come over during the break, my door would be open. We stayed in touch a few days after school let out and soon enough he asked if could come over. I didn't think much of so course I let him come and spend a couple of days over. When he came over we did a lot more working out, chilling, and wrestling lol.

Somewhere along the line, idk, I guess I started liking him. One night a couple of friends came over we were chilling and hanging out. By the end of it all the only people left were my friend Will and of course, Tre. Will was knocked in the incline chair. The wasn't much room to sleep downstairs in the living room so me and Tre ended up sleeping on the couch, head to toe. When I woke up the next morning I was under the cover and much to my surprise, my face was right at his dick. What's even better, he had morning wood! I pretended to be asleep as I snuggled my face right up to his dick. I was sniffing his slightly musky dick and he started turning me on. Soon enough y dick was getting hard which was in his face. I was really embarrassed because I thought he would get made and leave. I knew he was awake because he started moving slightly. 

Was he playing with my dick? I told me that my dick was in his face, sounding kinda concerned but not angry. I tried to adjust but I ended right back where I was...with his that fat dick in my face. Still pretending to be asleep, I tucked my face right back into his crotch. At this point, my dick at this point rock hard. He continues to to nuzzle my dick with his face which only made me harder. He started humping and grinding my face which made me want to die with excitement. Next thing I know, my dick is in his mouth. I thought it'd only be fair that I returned the favor. I was so nervous because I didn't know if I was doing the right thing. When I slid his shorts down he lifted up his waist so I could get them off him and I knew then that this was what he wanted. 

Boy I started sucking the milky brown off this man's dick and not too long after I started sucking his dick, he nutted all in my mouth, no warning. I swear I was in heaven. He nutt had a very different taste. I can't really explain it. I got up to go spit out the nutt and got back under the cover and pretended like nothing happened. A bit later my man Will finally came out of his coma and went home which was only around the corner. After I let him out, got back on the couch with Tre and just layed out in silence. For a bit. I guess both of us were too nervous to to say anything until finally...