 The time after dinner had left him feeling empty. He hadn't wanted to leave Michel's apartment, nor the lively company of his irrepressible mother but he felt awkward when Patria headed off to bed. He was completely unprepared for the long hug that she gave him and unnerved by the words she spoke in his ear, Release his ghost, little one. A new angel is waiting to claim you. He hardly heard Michel's words of good night and half-stumbled up the stairs.

Hardy's apartment seemed to be drawn in black and white, instead of the vivid colors that belonged to Michel. It seemed as if the apartment was mirroring his life and that had made him stop and think about how he was seeing things. Hardy represented the past, clearly drawn in black and white. Did that mean that Michel was the color of the future? He didn't know. He was so tired that he just shucked off his clothes and went to sleep.

That was the first night he had the dream.

He was standing outside a door and he slowly pushed it open to reveal Hardy bathed in bright light, lazily reclining in their bed. He raced to the bed and dove into his lover's arms, hungrily kissing the laughing man and rubbing every inch of his body against him. God, he missed this so much! The warmth of Hardy's body against his and his laughter filling the air. Suddenly, the room was empty and the light was fading, its rays revealing Hardy's outline which morphed into a man that he didn't recognize and suddenly, yellow sunlight filled the space and the young man was arranging fragrant red roses in a vase. The blond-haired man smiled at him and offered his hand ...

The phone rang and Caiden sleepily blinked at the sunlight, then leaned over to answer it. "Hello?"

"Good morning!"

"Michel? What time is it?"

"Nearly ten o'clock. You haven't forgotten your promise, have you?"

Caiden rubbed his face, wondering how much wine he'd had last night and what exactly he'd promised to the young man. "Uh, no."

"Yes, you did." Michel giggled. "Mama never let your glass get empty, you know that, right?"

That explained everything, including the dull pounding in his temples. "No, I didn't but thanks for the late news." He winced, sitting up. "So what did I promise you?"

"A trip to MoMA."

"MoMA?"

"The Museum of Modern Art, dumbass! Don't you remember anything that happened last night?" 

"No."

"So you don't remember riding my cock and screaming 'Hi, Ho, Silver'?"

"Oh, God, I didn't, did I?"

"No. You didn't but at least I know you're interested." Heat from his embarrassment rushed up to his face and Caiden was glad that Michel couldn't see him. "Well, get dressed and I'll pick you up in fifteen."

"Okay." He stared at the phone for a few minutes, ruminating over Michel's comment, then jumped up, showering and dressing quickly. During the entire tour of the museum, Caiden was surprised to find himself staring at Michel. The shape of his lips intrigued him. He'd seen girls with lips like that and had at times, longed to be straight just to have a chance to kiss them. So now, he was following the tour, his eyes roaming over Michel's bee-stung upper lip and the smaller one that rested beneath.

From the lips, he progressed to his long neck and squared shoulders, then to the twitch in his hips when he walked. He found himself wondering what was under those jeans and was concentrating on Michel's ass so hard that he ran into a stanchion. The tour director and Michel were worried that he'd hurt himself but he gave both a sheepish smile and explained that he had been taken with the art. The director looked pleased and Michel just smirked. He knew what Caiden had been looking at and it was nothing on MoMA's walls, either. He waited for the opportunity and yanked him into a secluded alcove.

"Is this what you want?" Caiden held his breath as Michel guided his hand onto his crotch, rubbing so that he could feel the hardness of his cock under the jeans.

He couldn't help himself. He crushed Michel to him, violently kissing him and moaning as the man passionately responded, their tongues dancing together. His hands pushed Michel's shirt up, skimming over his nipples and pulling him closer. Michel turned his back to him, his mouth still connected and pushed his pants down, baring his sweet ass for Caiden who immediately pressed his thumb against Michel's hole. The artist moaned and pushed back, closing his eyes when Caiden's hand went around his throat, holding him lightly as his finger mercilessly teased him.

When he thought he could stand no more, Caiden removed his thumb, took the rubber that Michel offered and yanked his own pants down, moving behind him. "Is this what you want?" He whispered seductively, using Michel's own words against him and pushed into the cleft of Michel's buttocks until the tip of his cock was against his asshole.

"Fuck, yeah!"

Caiden pushed home, his hand still on Michel's throat, his other arm wrapped around his body, thrusting his six-and-a-half inches of prick into his tight ass. Michel hissed and moaned, pinching his own nipples and resigning himself to Caiden's rough rhythm, enjoying every moment of the conquest. He pumped hard, noiselessly drilling Michel until his ass muscles clamped down on him, signaling that he was cumming. He leaned down and bit into Michel's shoulder to muffle his own cry and filled the condom to overflowing with his seed.

They huddled together for another few minutes, each recovering and each helping the other fix his clothing before turning to face each other. "I didn't hurt you, did I?"

"Not at all."

"I couldn't help biting you ... "Caiden shyly grinned, zipping his zipper. "I just had to taste you."

"Well, I know you weren't trying to break the flesh so a little love nibble doesn't hurt." Michel moved closer, touching Caiden's jaws and raising his eyes to meet his. "Thank you for that."

"For what, a quick fuck in a museum?"

"No, for letting yourself go with me." He gave him a soft kiss, stepping out of the alcove. "I hope it's not the last time."

Caiden watched him walk away, intent on rejoining the tour group and he remained alone for a second in awe of what had just happened. Shrugging his shoulders and giving his twitching prick a squeeze, he jogged to catch up with Michel and finished the tour.