 "I ... I don't understand."

Michel whispered something to Tommy and he made a mad dash for the bar while Caiden looked on dumbfounded. "It's a long story. Why don't we go sit down and I'll spell it out for you?"

The speech took the better part of thirty minutes and Caiden sat numbly and listened to every word while Tommy sat silently, sucking first one, then a second rum and Coke down without a sound. And after Michel's voice fell silent, Caiden couldn't believe that he'd heard what he'd heard. Hardy had been free and clear of the disaster when his new lover, the cowering piece-of-shit on the couch across from him, had reached him via cellphone and begged him to come and rescue him on the tenth floor. 

Hardy had responded, of course, and in the ensuing mêlée, the valiant fireman had lost his life but not before he'd made a call to Caiden, a call filled with lies and false hopes. He had broken his legs leaping from one level of stairwell to another and his guilty conscience had propelled him to call his loyal lover, bidding him one last farewell. Tommy had occupied the apartment until Caiden had expressed an interest in it and had moved out two weeks before he had come to town. The facts made sense to Caiden; it explained why everything was so clean in the apartment.

Caiden remained numb days after the admission, upset on so many levels that he couldn't form a coherent thought. Hardy cheated? He tried but he couldn't seem to move past that roadblock, past the single thing that had been his anchor for so long and now to find out that Hardy's love was false ...

"Caiden? Caiden, are you listening?"

He couldn't feel his arms and legs but he stood just the same, his brain as numb as his limbs. "I've heard enough, Michel. Good night."

"No, Caiden, please. Wait. Tommy wants to apologize ... "

"Apologize? Apologize for what? For ruining my life? For soiling my memories? What the hell should he apologize for?"

"Caiden, it's not Tommy's fault." Michel moved between him and the young man. "If it wasn't him, it would have been someone else."

"Fuck you!"

"Don't yell at me because I'm telling the truth!" Michel bellowed, stopping Caiden in his tracks and drawing the stern looks of other guests. "He fucked me as well."

The world closed in on him with those words and he barely took two steps before he crashed to the floor in a dead faint.

* * * * *

"You shouldn't have told him that."

"What else was I supposed to do, Mama? It was killing me to hear him put that asshole on a pedestal."

"But it was his right to find the truth out in his own way and in his own time."

"I had no choice!"

The volume of the voices stirred Caiden and he sat up, immediately upset that he had when his head started throbbing. "Could you two please quiet down? My head is killing me."

"Caiden!" Michel rushed over, his features filled with concern. "Are you all right?"

"No, I'm not. My head hurts like hell and you guys yelling at each other isn't helping." He moaned and winced when someone placed a cool cloth on the back of his head. He turned to see Tommy cautiously standing next to him, holding a bag of ice as well. "Get the fuck away from me."

"Can I talk to you?" Tommy's voice was soft. "Alone?"

"What for?"

Michel put his arm around his mother's shoulders and herded her toward the door. "We'll be in the kitchen. Join us when you're ready."

The door closed behind them and Caiden let out a sigh, pushing the cloth away and turning his back on Tommy. "I have nothing to say to you."

"Caiden, I know you're angry ... "

"You don't know the half of it."

Tommy swallowed, setting the cloth on the table and reaching for the hem of his shirt. "I want to make a peace offering." With one smooth movement, he pulled the shirt from his body, stepping in front of Caiden. "Use me."

"What?"

"You're mad at Hardy. Take it out on me."

"That's stupid, Tommy. It's you I'm mad at."

"Then use me. Take your anger out on me." The young man paused. "I don't want us to be enemies."

"It's too late for that."

Tommy knelt at Caiden's feet and placed his hands on his knees, pausing to see if he would move. When he didn't, he gently pushed his knees apart and slowly unbuttoned Caiden's pants, pulled the zipper down and reached inside, both men sighing as Tommy's hand clutched Caiden's hardening cock. He looked up at his face as he stroked his cock and was relieved to see Caiden's eyes closing in rapture, his hips lifting into his palm. He moved closer and freed Caiden's cock, admiring the thickness of his tool before he bent over it.

Caiden moaned at the touch of Tommy's mouth on his prick and flexed his hips upward, shoving it into his mouth. All at once, he stood, taking Tommy's head in his hands and skullfucking him for all he was worth. The young man didn't protest; he opened his mouth wider and grabbed Caiden's hips, pulling him even closer. It was only minutes before his release overtook him and he nutted in Tommy's mouth, sending four large spurts of cum down the young man's throat.

Afterward, he pulled out, disgusted with himself for allowing his anger to get the best of him and he looked down at Tommy, who was wiping his mouth and chin with the cloth, his eyes still sad.

"I'm sorry."

"It's okay, Caiden. I'm used to it."

Tommy's comment struck him hard and he found himself staring at him as he started toward the door. "Wait, don't go."

Tommy stopped and turned, heartened by the change he saw in Caiden's eyes. "Michel is waiting."

"He can wait." Caiden walked over to him, touching his downy cheek and a shiver went through him when Tommy sighed. "Let me return the favor."

"That's not necessary."

Caiden caught his arm as he started to walk away. "For me, it is. Come here."