 I rise slowly to my feet, tears leave a thin trail of wetness on my cheeks. The silhouette before me remains as still as it had when I first saw him standing there. Walking cautiously toward dad, he begins to move very slowly. He raises both arms above my head. I feel the leather belt he is holding become a collar around my neck, it pulls through the buckle, creates a leash.

Dad turns his back to me, broad shoulders, narrow waist cut a formidable outline. A tug on my neck leads me to follow him out into the hallway, past the bedroom that was meant to have been for my sister's use, then into the master bedroom at the far end of the hall. Led toward the master bathroom, water pours from the shower head, bounces off of the bottom of the glass enclosed shower stall.

Dad reaches for the chrome handle of the shower, guides me in. The water cascades over my crew cut blonde hair, down over my shoulders. I shudder as the wetness envelopes me. Dad steps in along side me, bows his head, allows the water to run over the back of his neck, down his back. A flow of water runs directly down the crack of his backside, disappears between the dark furrow of his butt cheeks. The leash and collar are released, it drops limp against my stomach. The metal belt buckle loosens its grip on the skin at the front of my throat. I just let it hang there, in no hurry to make any movement that dad has not initiated.

The wonderful smell of Ivory soap and dad's natural musky scent mingles with the light vapor of steam which rises from the cascading shower water. The gentle touch of dad's soap laden hand upon my stomach causes me to tighten my muscles. I become tense at the very touch, anticipation shoots to every extremity.

Soap is rubbed up and down my abs, over my chest, shoulders and the the back of my neck. Dad's formidable arms wrap around me, pulls me close to his naked body. The heat between us is greater than the temperature of the water. The scent of our bodies and the Ivory soap goes straight to my head. I feel intoxicated, my head swoons from the pressure, closeness of our naked bodies. His soapy hand drops to my back side, is liberally applied until my entire rear end is lathered. He gently rubs me, his calloused fingers massaging.

Dad leans in closer, his whiskered chin brushes along side my smooth cheek. His lips touch mine, his tongue lightly flicks, traces the outline of my lips. He places the soap bar into my hand, removes his lips from mine. I feel him slowly turn so that his back is presented to me. His right arm raises above his head, he places his outstretched hand against the glass wall of the shower enclosure. I rub the soap bar all over his shoulders, down his back and across his hips. I reach for the nylon scrub ball that hangs on the shower handle, soap it up until it is completely filled with lather, rubs it all over his ass cheeks and between them.

Kneels down before this magnificent specimen of manhood, gently rubbing the soapy scrub up and down the insides, outsides, back of his muscular legs. He turns, I continue cleaning this god of sexual desire. I slowly stand up, scrub his low hanging balls and semi-hardened penis. Reaches toward the shower handle, I hang up the scrub. The bar of soap is rubbing between my hands a lather rises. I carefully create a large opening between my fingers, places them over the foreskin covered mass that juts away from dad's tight stomach. I move my cupped hands up to the base of his penis, slowly retraces the path towards the very tip of his mushroom shaped head. Uses the tips of my index fingers to probe the foreskin opening rubs the inside of his foreskin, gently, runs my fingers around the bulbous head.

The water begins to loose it's warmth, dad abruptly moves sideways. He takes some shampoo and applies it to his hair, rubs it all over his face before rinsing off. The faucet handle is turned, the stream of water becomes a trickle. Dad reaches up, takes hold of the dangling end of the wet leather belt, gives it a little tug and leads me out of the shower, I gladly follow. He grabs one of the two thick, fluffy terry cloth towels that hang on the bar opposite the shower stall. The belt is released, dangling it comes to rest over my swollen crotch . A towel is placed over my head, I feel slight pressure as dad begins to tousle my hair, rubs my ears, face, neck, continues to move the towel over my entire body until I am completely dry.

He drapes the dampened towel over the top of the shower stall, gives my rear a little pat as he guides me toward the master bedroom. I walk into the bedroom, dad closes the bathroom door behind me.

"CLICK!" 

The bathroom door lock echoes through the room, my shoulders drop, I am so confused, what's happening? I walk in the darkness of the room, sits on the edge of the king sized bed. Lays back places my head on the pillow. Stares up at the ceiling, I notice the pattern of the windows being outlined caused by the fading sunlight.

Half an hour has passes since I lay down here, I hear the click of the master bathroom door. My head stays as still as possible, the leather belt collar around my neck, the leash lays down my front, it's end disappears between my naked legs. Dad walks over to his side of the bed. I see that he has a pair of clean boxers on. He sits down on the pillow end of the bed, my head turns slowly toward him. See's him resting his back against the wall, his head turned toward the window. Light glistens off the outline of his face as it dances off of his freshly shaved skin. Silence sometimes can be deafening.

"Dad, when was the first time you had sex?"

He turns his face toward me, even in the dimly lit room I can see that he is smiling at me. He reaches over, takes the belt around my neck, loosens it. He slips it off over my head, tosses it onto the floor along with his pile of dirty work cloths.

"Tell you what kiddo, you go first, be honest, then I will tell you everything about mine. OK?"

He shifts himself on the bed, brings his legs up into a crossed Indian style position. I bring myself onto my left side, props my head up onto my left hand.

"OK, here goes." 

A little chuckle comes from deep in my throat as I begin to relive my past.

"Well, it is like this, I actually had not had sex with anyone else, well that is if you don't count my hand, before last month when you and I did what we did in the shower."

"What?"

"YUP, just me and my palm pal. Well, I did whack off a few times with my friend A.J. in the same room the summer before I went to URI. Other than that, nothing, not once, not-ta. I'd talk about girls, A.J. would tell me all about his most recent sexual conquests. I'd make up a story about some girl and go with it. I'd lie to him, tell him that I was having sex but really dad, I've never done any of the things that I brag about."

Sitting there with the most shocked look on his face, dad is staring at me.

"Why did you have to lie? I thought you were getting along with your girlfriends, really well. Your mother and I had discussed it on several occasions, we thought you might have been, well active, you know, sexually. We hoped that you were doing things protected and all. We worried about someday getting a knock on the door from some girls angry father telling us that you had knocked up his daughter, that he was going to kick your teeth down your throat."

I can't hold back the laughter that washes over me, dad breaks out laughing too. The tension has finally broken, we are in the full throws of a giggle fit, the kind where for no reason, none at all, the slightest thing sets you off then sends the other one off all over again. I finally find the ability to calm myself down to a muffled chuckle, we both gasp for air.

"You see dad, I've had my chances, heck more chances than I can count. I've had girls during make out sessions who would literally start throwing themselves at me, not just kissing but putting their hands on my crotch, trying to open up my fly. guiding my hand between their legs. I'd give them a rub over their underwear, even licked one girls naked boob but I was always kinda scared that I would not be able to get completely hard, that I would become a laughing stock for being some sort of fag. Well, that's my story, YOUR TURN!"

"Alright Robbie, now you have to understand, this was years ago, long before your mother and I met." 

Dad breathed in deeply, seemingly to brace himself against the wall for support.

"Back when I was 18 years old, I used to spend summer weekends with my grandma and grandpa at their house in Bristol. I remember it being so hot, they did not have air conditioning, so I would stay outside pretty much all of the time that I was there, well except for nights. I slept on a futon sofa in the finished basement next to the bar that grandpa had built years earlier."

He pauses for a moment, takes another deep breath, drops his head a little, looks into his lap.

"My cousin Bo came to stay some weekends. See, my parents, aunt and uncle were going to spend their weekends in Newport at a friends house. They use to have these little get together parties that would last for the entire weekend. Grandpa would drive us back home on Monday afternoon once the shore and tourist traffic had calmed down. Bo was 18 1/2 then, thin, tall, looked a lot like my grandma, even more like his mother, aunt Elsie. You know how you told me about how you and A.J. would jerk off, make up stories about the girls that you had made it with? Well, maybe A.J. made it with but the ones that you were making up to fit in? Bo and I would go out to where we were building this tree house, way out in the woods behind grandpa's. We would be allowed to use the excess wood and bent up nails and things that were left over from the shed that he had built even allowed us to use his tools."

Dad pauses again, swallows hard, turns his head. The sun has gone down, moonlight filters in lights us both up.

"One day it was really, really hot, we had worked all day on that tree house. We were so excited about getting it done talked about how we were going to sleep out there, bring our lunches and dinners if grandma would let us. We convinced ourselves that it was going to be the best tree house ever built. Really, it was pretty cool, I had some decent building skills even back then, Bo was a willing and able apprentice. We had taken off most of our cloths during the heat of the day, were sitting on the floor of the tree-house. Two walls were sorta built up, we made sure that the sides that would block the view of anyone that might happen by were the ones put up first. We were exhausted, overcome by the heat, I had not had anything to drink all day but Bo had been prepared, brought a milk jug filled with water. It was warm but that was probably the best water I had had in my life."

"AND?"

I impatiently urge dad on, he gives me a little smirk.

"I'm getting there. Keep your shorts on wontcha?"

I laugh. 

"Don't have shorts on, don't have anything on, you forget?"

"Shut-up and let me get on with this. Bo and I were just laying there on our backs, trying to deal with the heat, admiring our handiwork, how far we had come in just a few days of building. I felt something pressing on the front of my shorts. I remember sitting up as quick as a shot, there was Bo, naked, butt fuckin naked. He had slipped his shorts off, laying on his side next to me with his long arm stretched out, his hand right over my, well my crotch."

"Ooh, so that was the first time you had sex? Your cousin Bo touched you?"

"Shut-up!"

"No, that is not the first time I had sex. You see, I just sat there, Bo looked at me, I looked at him, he smiled, I smiled, he unzipped my fly and I let him do it. Next thing I know my shorts are being pulled down off me, I'm balancing on my palms, raising my butt up in the air so that he could pull them and my underwear all the way off. He slips them off me, we just sit there looking at each others naked bodies. I had no idea what to do or what to expect. I'd seen other boys naked in the showers when we changing in the locker rooms, at the beach but this was completely different. Bo had a hard on, I was starting to tingle down there too. He was real pale like, looked as if parts of him had never seen the sun. His hair around his dick was kinda this light reddish blond color, not like yours, more reddish. Thin too, kinda like his penis, it was longish but was thin. He did not have the skin over it like mine does. I just had to reach out and touch it, I had never seen or felt one that did not have skin on it. Hell, I had not touched anyone's penis except for my own before so it just seemed kinda like magic to me."

"Holy shit Dad, you jerked your cousin off?"

"All right, if you are going to interrupt me one more time, that's it, I won't finish, I will never tell you what happened next. Got It? Good, now SHUT-UP! I looked down at my own dick and it was getting pretty hard, I was so embarrassed. You see, Bo's dick was all smooth, perfectly straight without the skin over the head of it. His hair around his crotch was not all heavy like mine, you could see his dick right down to the base, there was pretty much no hair on his balls. Mine were covered in a layer of dark course hair, you could not see the base of my dick and it was covered with all these dark purple and blue veins. Mine was way bigger too, all I could think is that because Bo did not have the skin on his, his was thinner than mine and that his was normal. Mine was more like our family dog, I thought I was not normal, like his. 

"Bo did not seem to think that my dick was ugly though. He stared at it, could not stop mentioning about how big it was. How at 18 he was less than half as wide, that I must have been a good 5" longer than his. He started to tell me how all the real men in our family have these big dicks that are covered with thick hair, hair everywhere. Only thing is that his mother would always tell his father how disgusting it was to have so much hair on his shoulders and back. That she was one night going to shave him clean while he slept. Bo went on to tell me how he loved to see his dad walk around the house in his boxers, how he would sneak around just to get a glimpse of him when he had his privates out peeing. You know, I was floored when Bo put his mouth on my dick. I must have looked like a cartoon with my eyes bugging out. I remember how he just looked up at me with those big blue eyes of his, opened up his mouth and, well he let it slide right in."

I notice that during dad's recounting of his first time, my dick is hard as a rock again, a little wet spot has started to spread on the sheet where it hangs down to. I stare at him, breath in short stabbing breaths, hangs on every word he utters.

"I let him do it, I just laid back, let him move his head up and down my dick. I was hard as a telephone pole by then. I could hear him gagging every once in a while. I picked up my head to see if he had just thrown up on me or something but nope, he was eagerly moving his head up and down, licking the tip of my dick. He would pull his face away, went down and started to lick my balls. For a moment I thought that that was the most gross thing that could ever happen, but boy was I in for a shock."

"What? What? What shocked you dad?"

"Bo got up, spit into the palm of his hand. I had no idea what the hell was going on. Did I do something in his mouth that he was spitting out? Was he going to slap me in the face with it? Then he moved one leg over me so that he was standing me. His legs spread so that one foot was on one side of me, the other foot to the other side. Bo reaches back, I could see that he was rubbing that spit covered hand up and down between his butt cheeks. I thought maybe he was going to jerk off and goo all over me. I got all grossed out again, then he started to squat down, knelled right over my hard dick. He took it in his hand, you know the one that he had rubbed up his butt. Well, he took hold of it, pointed it right between those white hairless butt cheeks of his. I went to say no but nothing would come out of my mouth. I just lay there on my back, on the floor of the partially built tree house. Bo began to line my hard dick up between his cheeks. I could feel them really tightly gripping at the end of my dick. He took his other hand, spit into it again. He then held it out in front of my face and said, "SPIT", so I spit into his hand, a big ole glob of it mixed with the white spit that he had already done. He reached back, spread our mixed up spit up and down, all over the exposed part of my dick. I could hear him breath in, felt the very end of my dick straining at his super tight hole. It was trying to go in but Bo's ass-hole was so tight that no matter how hard he pushed himself down on me, it just would not go in. "FUCK!" Bo screamed, a little loud but I was no where in my right mind to think about anything other than the super tight pressure against my dick.

"Bo held my dick even more tightly in his hand, I though the end of it was going to explode. It was bending under the pressure of his weight, then I felt something that I never imagined I would ever feel, the huge head of my dick popped in about an inch into his butt-hole. Bo let out a cry, tears began to stream down his face. He turned his face up, looked into the leaves of the tree above us. I could not understand why he would do this to himself if it hurt him so much that it would make him cry. I told him to stop, that I did not mean to hurt him, that I was sorry. He told me to SHUT-UP, he forced half of my dick right up his hole. OH MY GOD, it was so tight it actually hurt my dick! All I could imagine is that if Bo hurt as much in his butt as my dick hurt being squeezed by him. He sat there with me halfway up inside him for the longest time, I felt the tight squeeze begin to let up a little. Bo did not move, not one inch more, he had stopped crying, was looking me directly in my eyes."

"He reached forward, grabbed hold of both of my nipples, pinched them and it hurt, hurt BAD! I hated it and yelped out for him to stop it. He didn't listen, instead, he breathed in deep, said FUCK ME, planted his ass good and hard against my hips. His ass swallowed my entire dick right to my balls, I could feel them against the bottom rounds of his tight ass. I throbbed inside him, let Bo continue his control over me. He started to move himself up and down in a slow motion on my dick, it was tight but I could feel his grip loosening up with each time he would pull up. He quickened his pace, in a short while he was bouncing up and down on me, riding my dick like a jack hammer determined to break concrete."

"I felt my balls pulling up, the pressure inside them getting to the point of no return. I let out a little yelp. Bo swore at me, called me something that I really did not like, the next thing I could feel was this hot splashing all over my chest. It hit my face, got into my hair. I just let loose, let go inside of his ass. I gushed so much I almost thought I was taking a pee inside of him. Bo slid up and off of me, he collapsed onto his side. He was panting, making all sorts of noises like an animal. I looked down at my dick, it was still standing stiff. It was slick and shiny looking, it continued to throb. I looked over at Bo as he reached back to touch himself where I had recently been inside of him. He brought his hand back to look at it. His fingertips were all wet and red. He started screaming, no, no, NO, he began to cry. This time, he did not look back at me, tried telling him I was sorry, that I did not mean to hurt him but he did not seem to hear me . He took his dirty sweat soaked shirt and wiped his butt. When he pulled it away to examine it, we both saw the amount of blood that had soaked into the shirt. Bo grabbed his underwear, his shorts and pulled them on as quickly as he could. Grabbed hold of the rope that we had hung to get up and down from the tree house with. He climbed down and ran back to the house without saying another word to me."
