 "I can't believe that you believe this little piece of shit!"

The roar of Hardy's voice and the sight of Tommy lifting from his feet and slamming into the wall froze Caiden into place. He looked into the hollow eyes of Hardy's ghost, the swirling luminous vapor translucent in the daylight. Tommy moaned and arose, flexing his back and staring at the apparition.

"Hardy?"

"Ha! You know my name now, Tommy? You didn't forget my name when I was fucking you."

"This can't be real." Tommy tried to get around Hardy and jumped back when the specter barred his path, angrily glowering at him. "You're dead!"

"Yes, but not gone. You see, I was going to leave but I wanted to fuck Caiden one last time."

"You can't fuck anybody, Hardy. You're nothing but a ghost."

"Wanna try me? I can do anything I want." He advanced on Caiden. "Just like I did when I was alive." Hardy glanced over at Tommy's white face and grinned evilly. "Did your little fuck toy tell you how much I missed you?"

"You mean, how much you missed my money. How could you treat me like that, Hardy? I loved you."

The ghost bent over backwards, braying with laughter. "I treated you like that because you let me. You little fags are all alike. You paid for my vacations. Tommy paid for my meals. Hector paid for the apartment ... I haven't had to pay for anything since I learned how to turn you little faggots out."

"That's cruel, Hardy."

"You haven't seen cruel yet. I'm gonna have my last fuck, Caiden. Your ass is much too sweet to leave without a last taste of sugar."

"I cast you out in the name of the Lord!" Tommy flung the cross at Hardy but the apparition only laughed.

"Tommy, Tommy, Tommy." Hardy shook his head with a smile. "Someone's been watching too many teen movies. That won't work against me. There's only one thing that you can do to get rid of me."

"What's that?"

"Let me fuck you, of course. Give me a chance to pump that hole one last time and I'll leave."

Caiden looked across to Tommy, who was shaking his head negatively. "I don't know. I don't believe you, Hardy."

"I'm telling you the truth. Come on, Caidy. You remember how good it was ... "

Instantly, an image of them fucking filled Caiden's mind and his senses swam with the scent of raw, hot man sex. His cock responded immediately, plumping and stretching until it was being pinched by his jeans. He saw Hardy's flawless body on top of his, his tool effortlessly sliding in and out of his grasping hole and pounding him into pleasure. Tommy watched as Hardy's essence overtook Caiden and Caiden's pants unbuttoned and slid to the floor. 

"Caiden!" The young man didn't appear to hear. He obediently moved forward until his hips were hanging over the railing, his asshole exposed for Hardy's benefit.

"He can't hear you, Tommy. He doesn't care about you any more. All he cares about is the pleasure that I can give him."

Caiden leaned against the railing, his hole waiting for Hardy's pole, his mind a swirl of confusion. He felt Hardy's warm flesh against his back and didn't question it; he locked his knees and readied himself for his lover's assault. He remembered how much he'd looked forward to Hardy's late arrivals, to being pinned down on the bed and taken like a wanton whore. And the things he'd whisper to him! Filthy words about how whores like himself loved to take it and Caiden had eagerly hung on every word while Hardy's cock pulsed in his ass.

"Oh, yes! Hardy, fuck me! Fuck me!"

"See, Tommy? Already you're yesterday's cum stain!"

A cold hand wrapped itself around Tommy's innards as he watched the ghostly apparition of Hardy Reyes encompass Caiden's body. The silvery fog melded to the young man's body and Caiden reacted as if he'd just been speared with a healthy prick. His body moved, awkwardly at first, then bucking rhythmically as the spirit began to fuck him. Caiden's mouth hung open, his eyes half-lidded with desire as he gave into the wishes of the phantom.

Fear raced through Tommy as he helplessly watched, his mouth dry and his heart pounding. Something was wrong and he knew it. Hardy had lied again and Tommy was sure that he wasn't going to keep his end of the bargain. The longer and harder they fucked, the lighter Caiden became, his flesh growing thing and transparent in the light as Hardy's gained in depth and color. He was losing his life and if Hardy had a chance to nut, Caiden would be dead.

Summoning his courage, Tommy did the only thing he could, the only thing that seemed logical. Hardy had never been topped and now was the time for Tommy to do so. He dropped his pants, took a deep breath and forced his cock into Hardy's ass. A bright light filled the room and Caiden and Tommy both screamed.