 Staring at the few words written on the wrinkled piece of paper is all I can do in this moment. Every letter burns into my brain, their intent is perfectly clear but why? Why the hell did he write it just to get permission to do nothing? So many questions flood my mind, no simple answers to them. It's as if Tag had gone to the extreme just to do nothing about it in the end. 

For weeks, months even, he's been cool to me. Yeah, we've been hanging out, playing hockey, studying, all the same old crap we did before yet he's just not the same guy. Thinking about it, I'm not sure that it's actually not me who has changed, not him. Tag has always been low key about everything, takes life in stride but is seriously loyal to me. Like he says, Tonto to the Lone Ranger. 

It dawn on me, there have been signs all along, I've just been too stupid, dumb and blind to see what's been in front of my face. How could I have been such an idiot? The whole fiasco the weekend when he and Mel broke up, the comment made about her wanting more, his being, well too busy. Then there was that nasty bit with my sisters perv of a boyfriend. Boyfriend my ass, he's a rapist! OK, maybe I was a little willing, but I didn't go after him, he did it to me!

Holy crap, Tag was jealous! That's what all his steam was about after I spilled my guts out to him. He was pissed that it was someone else, not him, that's got to be it! Gotta be. 

Goddam it, I've been rubbing this twisted sexual relationship dad and I have been experiencing right in his face. He knows damn well that I'm messed up, that I have been on the receiving end of it from my own father for some time. Why the hell would he want to put himself into the middle of all this crap? Is he twisted in his own head, just can't come to terms that I have been out to get screwed by my own dad every chance I could? Jeez-us Christ, what have I done to deserve messing up so many good people with my own gut twisting sexual perversions? How many lives am I going to destroy before I figure out that it's always been about me and not them? That I've just used everyone I've had the opportunity to satisfy my own deviant desires?

"Hey, kiddo, you still with me?"

Dad's words bring me back to the here and now. I look into his dark eyes, they have a twinkle that I seldom see. It's that look of when he is just about to tell me that he's proud of me or ready to share his own deepest inner thoughts and desires.

"Yeah, I mean, yes dad, I'm with you."

My eyes drop, looks at the wrinkled piece of paper in my lap. I notice the dirt that had caked on my jeans was smeared in swaths along side the depression my dad's formidable butt makes on the white bed cover. 

"Holy shit, Lee's gonna have a fit when he see's the mess we've made."

Glances around the room, follows the path which I had taken to the dresser, I see the dirty footprints left on the floor, the heart shaped imprint of my own bubble butt left on the bed linens. No doubt about it, I'm in trouble. 

Lee simply can not stand a mess, ever! He's not only fastidious about his appearance and personal hygiene, he has to have cleanliness and order around himself at all times. I never realized this, but he's actually a passive aggressive when it comes to the place being kept clean. 

It dawns on me, another stroke of insight, holy crap, Lee is mom! She always had to have things in their place, the house cleaned like clock work. Dad traded in mom for a male version of her. Lee's mom! Well mom with a huge dark brown dick and muscles for days. 

Get your mind out of the gutter Robby, get a grip..

"Don't worry about Lee, Robbie, I can handle him. It's not as if I can't use a vacuum or a washing machine you know. I'll take care of this mess, you have enough on your plate at the moment. Speaking of which, go get yourself washed up and ready for dinner. Lee and I have a proposal that we want to put out there, that is if you don't mind Tag being here while we discuss things."

Seeing dad's left eyebrow raise lets me know that he's poking me. Giving me the old nudge, so to say.

Looking down at myself again, realizes how totally filthy my clothing is, I lean forward, kiss dad's forehead yet I can not resist throwing my arms around his shoulders, pulls his face close to my chest. 

"Go on, get cleaned up, I've a bit of work to do here before Lee comes in to get us for dinner."

Turns, walks to the bedroom door, pulls the nob, the light from the hallway shows through the small space created as the door opens. Turns my head, looks at dad. He's already up on his feet stripping the bed linens off. 

"Dad, I love you, you know that, right?"

"Really? I'd never had known.. Now get washed up, OK? Hey, I love you too kiddo."

Heads toward the guest bathroom, scoots in, closes the door behind me, strips raw in a flash. I reach my right hand into the dry shower stall, turns the cool metal handle, the bathroom echoes the sound of falling water, steam rises, the mirror is nearly covered in condensation. Sits my muscled butt down on the toilet, nothing, a little pee but nothing else. Flushes, waits for the water pressure to come back up, waits a little longer cause I don't want to walk into a cold shower, the warm water comes back, steps in.

The downpour of water from the pan shower head engulfs me. Hair is rinsed, Head and Shoulders shampoo squeezes from its bottle and applied. A small white bar of Ivory Soap touches my finger tips, rubs it over the luffa. The wonderful scent of soap fills my nostrils, my mind wanders, moves the soapy sponge all over my body. Heat builds up in my loins, mind wanders to fantasy of touching, rubbing, feeling, grabbing a large engorged penis. Free hand caresses my ball sack and my stiffening penis. Softness, delicate strokes give way to a firm grip around the base of my penis and where my extended balls hang. I pull and pull again. 

I lean against the coolness of the glass enclosure, rubs the soapy hardened flesh of the underside of my dick, up and down and against the pebbled finish of the transparent enclosure. Cool air rushes in over the top of the shower stall, a tall figure moves gracefully toward the vanity. 

"Hey, I'm taking a shower here if you hadn't noticed!"

My sarcasm was matched only by the hot blood that continues to bloat my penis. I'm way too far along this fantasy trip to just stop and ignore my bodies plea for more, more, more!

"Yeah, well get over yourself, Kemosabe, I'm filthy too, just like you were, now move that big ass of yours over and let me get this grime off of me."

Shit, he's opening the shower door, stepping in, here I am with a fully raging hard on pressed against the shower glass wall and Tag's walking in to share my shower as if nothing is going on at all.

"Like I've told you before, you keep that thing to yourself. I don't give a crap what you're doing or about to do as long as I'm not involved. Go ahead, get it over with, I don't care, just want to get this god awful mud out of my hair and ass crack."

His ass crack, Christ did he have to go and say that? Now I can't stop thinking about that gorgeous ass of his. Fights to keep from reaching out and grabbing a hand full of Tag butt, that's just about all I can do at the moment, well that and how I continue to rub one off against the shower stall. 

My pace quickens up, breath becomes shallow, presses harder against the glass. The feeling of Tag's forceful hand cupping the roundness of my ass cheeks sends me over the edge, full blown, hot cum shoot straight up, splashes all over the glass, my belly, hits the underside of my chin. His hand releases it's death grip on my protruding mounds of flesh. Pants, breaths in gulps of shower heated air, the overwhelming scent of Ivory Soap. 

Tag turns, opens the shower door, exits, leaves me standing alone. Water cascades over my shoulders, down my back, runs in waterfalls off the protrusion of ass cheeks until it all swirls around the drain, then out of sight. 

I grab the shower head, lifts up, the water sprays directly at the glass covered with sticky semen. I help it along, rubs the white soap between my palms, spreads the lather over the affected area until all signs of my spew is washed away.

Soapy lather is applied to my belly, damn my abs are tight as a drum! Rubs more Ivory Soap to my face, chin, across smooth hairless pecs, finally under my arm pits. Clean, sweat smelling, fresh once again. As if being born again, well except born with half a hard on. Down boy, dinner is almost ready and you've got to be good for once. 

I step out of the shower stall, the bathroom door opens up. This time the super smooth chocolate colored arm belonging to Lee reaches in, a clean dry Terrie cloth towel held. 

"Sorry, I did not have a chance to restock the towels earlier, we had to come and find you. Tag told me that he used the last one in here. Go, take it, we'll be sitting down to eat in a few minutes."

Takes the towel from his outstretched hand, he's not looking in, his face is distinctively turned in the opposite direction to afford me some semblance of privacy.

Toweled off, dry, brushed, clean shorts, t-shirt along with a fresh pair of white athletic socks. The gentle scent of fabric softener surrounds me, mixes with the clinging aroma left by the Ivory Soap. Heads to the kitchen all are waiting for my arrival. They turn their heads toward me as I enter the room which unnerves me to no end.

Now what?