 I feel so embarrassed, how could Tag have known I was here? Things had gotten totally out of hand once I had realized that I was being played the fool and our three workers had more in mind than simply cooling off and enjoying the freedom of a week's sweat to be washed away by innocent fun.

God damned, I must have come across as the biggest idiot in the world to them. The "Boss Man", yeah right, the effin jerk with the paychecks to dole out. What kind of jackass do people see me as? Am I really this freaking stupid or was I simply putting my hidden frustration into a place that only I believed was unrecognizable? My god, does everyone see me as some soft touch and easy prey or was this simply some sort of touchy-feely guy thing gone very wrong, well at least for me?

Tag holds me tightly, not for one moment allowing my shivering body to shake his steady control. My jaw lifts off his shoulder, the stubble of a days beard growth bristles against my cheek as I lift my eyes to meet his.

He holds me as tight as a blanket around a newborn, yet his gaze is not into my upturned face but stares off into the distant horizon as the late days sun burns away into the waters edge. His face is calm yet devoid of expression.

The fingers running through my damp hair quickens their pace until they are suddenly removed. Our embrace is interrupted by the hoots and whispers that drift on the evening breeze and brings both of us back to reality.

"Hey, you three, we have some business to settle up with, here and now!"

The authority booming from Tag takes not only me but our three emplyee by the scruff of our necks, he has all of our full attention now.

"This is not OK, got me? You crossed a line here that I will not condone or tolerate. We will drive you to where ever you are staying but come Monday morning, we expect each of you at the our office a full hour before you are scheduled to clock in. There are several things we need to straighten out and boundaries that are to be strictly adhered to, that is if we are to even consider your continued employment. Now, get your fucking asses into the back of the truck you arrived in. If you have a problem with us and our decision, then fuck off, walk away right now and never come back."

All three of the workers took off toward the old silver pickup as if their lives depended on it, and by the tone of Tags command, their present livelihood does indeed depend on their subordinate display and acknowledgement of his authority.

"It's OKAY, I saw more than enough to recognize that you were in over your head. I wish it had not come to this but you could not see that their interests in just having fun was not the end game for them."

Jeezzus Christ! I'm not only the biggest rube going, now Tag is taking pity on me for being profoundly ignorant to what goes on in the real world. 

My head becomes heavy, hangs low as I stare at my feet, trying to convince myself that I am not some worthless jerk off. All manner of confusion clutters my mind, wait, did he say "We?" Not like once but like half dozen times? Hold on Robbie, you've misinterpreted tons of things before, why should this be any different?

"C'mon Kemosabe, here's the keys to my Suburban, you go on back and get yourself cleaned up and if you would be kind enough to hand over the keys to ole Silver, I'll take this band of honchos to what ever flop house they're staying at. C'mon be a sport and just do as I ask, okay?"

Reaching into my right pocket, fumbling with my keys, chapstick and some loose change until my fingers retrieve the fob and few keys that dangle from its attached chrome ring.

Holds the keys in my upturned palm, I still have not built the nerve to look Tag in the eyes since I saw his distant stare across the calm water of the lake. It takes a moment as my keys are snatched from my outstretched hand only to be replaced by the keys to Tags SUV.

"It's a done deal then? See you back at the trailer, I'll stop and get something for us to eat and a little something to drink afterwards. God knows after this weeks bullshit a little alcohol would do us both some good.!"

Tag turns on his heels and heads off toward my pickup, already loaded with the passengers as they await their free ride to where ever the hell it is that they live at.

Halfway between where Tag had just psychologically calmed me away from the edge of a complete meltdown and my dusty yet reliable "Silver" he pauses, turns his head over his shoulder and yells back to me with instructions to get my ass moving and not to wreck his vehicle.

A smile crosses my face for the first time since I had felt out of control and being sexually violated against my will. I feel the warmth from evenings remnants of sun upon my skin. First my right, then left foot take to the warn path as it rounds the splintered picnic tables, past the side driveway entrance and exit for the ice rinks Zamboni. I sprint across the small foot bridge that separates the ice rinks property and that of the parking lot. Only my pickup and the shiny black Suburban remain in the pine tree lined asphalt lot, that is until I hear Silvers deep throaty growl as Tag starts her engine, he quickly peel out of the lot with the high pitched squeel of her Perellis as they rip against the uneven, cracked pavement.

My nerves are on end as I pull onto the main road of Burlington. The words of warning to be careful with his vehicle plays over and over again in my mind, that is until the tires meet dirt at the entrance to the building site. Shit, now I have to explain what the hell happened! I don't want to be the reason for three people to be out of a job, after all if I had not called out to them in the first place, none of this would have happened. Think, think boy, what am I going to tell Tag that will convince him not to sack them?

I hurry into the trailer, it is cool in here compared to the humid air outside. Pulling off my cloths and tossing them into a small hamper concealed behind a panel across from the bathroom, and in I go. The great thing about Lee's trailer is that every bit of space is utilized to its ultimate potential. The shower may be small by house standards but suits me just fine. I lather up the bar of white ivory soap under the forceful jet shower head. In a few minutes time the dirt, grime and tension of the day has washed away down the drain.

A long fluffy white Terrie cloth towel hangs on the hook just inside the bathroom door. I reach for it. It's softness brings back memories of my dad as he would towel off his hairy body and saunter into the master bedroom of the Vacation house, back in the days and nights before it was completed and our lives took diffrent paths.

The towel drapes over my firmly stiffened penis, the scent of warm moisture ridden air heavily infused by the clean scent of the Ivory Soap sends my hormones on a rampage. I reach out for the small handle of the bathroom door when it is pulled away from me, sending me into momentary shock. I could not help but yelp like a little girl until my mind registers that it is just Tag. Hell who else would it be?

"So, I see you're getting yourself ready for some fun and games again?"

Utter embarrassment floods over me. This is the same person who orchestrated a bizarre sexual exhibition between my father and myself in his very presence. The same guy who shaved my ass crack, watched me jerk off against the glass enclosure of a shower stall, the very same boy who had heard me being violently strapped with a leather belt only to be later fucked by my own dad. Why the hell should I feel embarrassed, not this time, no fucking way.

"All right there Tag? Dropped off the cargo where they belong?"

I push my way pasts his hulking form. An expression of shock crosses his face. The once joyful looking boy/man takes on an angry snear. He reaches his arms out toward me and in a flash find I am being forced backward, against my will, down the short hallway, into the open doorway of Tags bedroom. 

His hands grab me by the shoulders, I fight to keep the Terrie cloth towel wrapped around my tight waist with my left hand as I attempt to brace myself against the object I am being forced toward, The smooth yet hard curved surface meets my abdominal muscles as well as the front of my pelvis with such force that the air in my lungs is vilently forced from me along with a loud gut wrenching exhale.

The sudden intake of air along with the severe pain that shoots from my towel covered ass cheeks has me writhing in both panic and pain.

The realization that my hands and then ankles were being quickly secured together. Bound by some sort of tie which forced my body to lean forward over an oddly shaped object, that is until I begin to regain my bearings, the man handling has stopped, the room becomes still all except for my heavy labored pants.

I have become bound, hands to feet in a prone position over a very solid object. The coolness of the air conditioner flows dances across my naked body. The burning of a forming welt across my exposed ass cheeks sends my mind into a panic. I fight with all my strength to free myself from the ties, to no avail. My eyes dart left, right, up and then down until the image of the puzzle glimpses form the image of my predicament.

Tag has forced me into his small room where he had obviously set up a riding saddle upon a job site sawhorse. He must have either nailed or bolted the sawhorse to the floor as there seems to be no give, not a bit of movement to give hope of escape.

The stinging blow to my unprotected bubble butt cheeks came a split second after the whistling sound of an object cutting the air behind my prone position was felt. The second, third, fourth and fifth all fell upon my super sensitive ass cheeks as if the were attempting to break the sound barrier.

Pain registers slower than the actual sound effects yet the burning and after shocks take on a life of their own. My legs shake beneath me, quivering out of control. Whimpers and begging to please stop are barely heard before another series of belting attacks burn into my tender flesh. I've lost all of my strength, given in to my attacker, whimpering as if a child without control or restraint. Tears flood my eyes, pour off my lower eye lashes, pools of saline begin to glisten on the floor below me.

My tormentor breaks his silence, I can hear him breathing deeply in the attempt to form words.

"Why, why did you have to go to them? Why not me, why have you never come to me? Your needs, it is always about YOUR needs yet never, not once would you even consider that I have needs too."

The sudden silence between us is deafening. I am truly afraid, my insides shake, my mind not comprehending the words or their meaning Tag had just spoken. Then the sickest, most desperate sinking feeling I have ever felt comes from my stomach and burns it's way up to my throat. I realize the words were not the thing I could not comprehend, it was the sound of Tags voice, it was as if he was pleading with me, a cry, a begging for understanding.

The wizzing of the belt through the air was quickly followed by five of the most violent strappings I had ever experienced yet the pain they cause does not register in the same way as the had before. The tingle in my extended ball sack, hanging between my partially separated thighs sends chills to my penis that it's time to get hard and unbelievably hard it does.

Whimpering and extremely excited, I find it impossible to verbally respond to Tags demanding query yet realizing that his questions were rhetorical and no answer would be sufficient.

Warmth, wet and gentle pleasure now replaces the brutal beating my naked ass has just endured. Tags face has been buried between my freshly washed ass cheeks. His calloused fingers grip my tenderized meaty cheeks and forcefully pull them apart. My desire to be ravaged, raped, forcefully taken has come back to my deviant sexual desires, having been locked away for what now seems far too long.

I let out a moan and then a plea to enter me damn it!

Tags tongue, which had been playing possum, lightly circling the extremely tight pucker of my ass hole makes it's initial assault. The tip of his tongue darts in and just as quickly withdraws.

My torment has begun, Tag has thrown down the gauntlet and it is clear this is going to be a war of wills, which of us will prevail, which one of us will in the end conquer the other? I am not fucking giving in so this son of a bitch had better dig in for a long night because if he thinks he is going to be the one to control my sexual needs then he sure as hell has another thing coming.

Jabbing in and out, Tags thick tongue causes me to squirm and push my sphincter back onto him. My ass hole kisses his lips as if two lovers in a dark movie theater. I clench my insides, squeezing the inner walls of my rectum against his probing tongue. Saliva builds up in Tags mouth and in the form of a river of spit, flows from his bottom lip, runs down the jagged scar of my circumcised scrotum until it dribbles in rivulets down each of my muscular thighs.

The panting that comes fom Tags ever open and aggressive mouth becomes matched by an upward and down movementof his cheekbones as they continue to press against the tight skin which covers my defined muscular ass cheeks. In my minds eye it appears that Tags forceful oral attack on my prone ass looks as if my giant ass were eating his face and his saucer shaped eyes are enjoying every second of it.

The sudden slap of Tags giant right hand, then the left against my ass cheeks was immediately followed by the removal of his tongue from the place I had become so sexually enthralled by.

I feel his hands now lightly touching the plastic ties that bind my ankles together. His clothed chest pushes against the back of my thighs while the bottom of his jaw forcefully pushes down hard against the very top of the crack of my ass. His body begins to slowly move upward, his chin in place as if set in stone. The very tips of his fingers caress my ankles, then my thighs. As they come to the back of my knees, he separates his digits as wide apart as humanly possible.

The feeling of the cotton shirt clinging to Tags chest as it slides up the back of my thighs, pushing the underside of my ass cheeks upward is followed by that masterful tongue glazing the small of my rounded lower back as it makes its way up between my shoulder blades. Pressure of Tags solid pecs massage each side of my lower back.

The magical tender touch of his fingertips continue their adventure, meeting up with the lubricating river of saliva that had been expelled from his ass eating mouth. Tags fingertips had become calloused and rough but thankfully his fingernails had been kept well manicured and trimmed because in the next few seconds several of them were forcefully tearing the sensitive entrance to my anus as far apart as the could.

I yelp out in pain as six of Tags fingertips attempt to rip my asshole open wide! Oh my god! I don't know if I am about to cum or die.