 I've always known that Tag is fast but this fast? Never! He's out of the chair, slams my bedroom door closed, clicks the lock, in no time has the duct tape that binds me yanked off. I have to thank him from the bottom of my heart for having shaved me so clean. Had I had the light body hair which normally covered me, it would have been ripped out along with the majority of my skin. 

"Will you get up and put something on? What are you going to do, wait until Lee walks in, see's you butt ass naked, ass greased up and shaved like the twat on a some girl?"

Tag did not have to say it twice, I roll over onto my side, shit, my muscles are cramped and I hurt everywhere. Gets up onto all fours, puts my right hand onto the edge of my bed to assist in gaining balance. Blood rushes from my head in one fell swoop, nearly blacks out, I collapse onto the mattress. Realizes that Tag is grabbing at my ankle, he's trying to slide my dirty shorts back onto my nakedness. I do my very best to help him, it's just so damned difficult until my head stops swimming. My bearings are again under control, I pull the shorts all the way up, sit up, grabs at the t-shirt draped over the foot board. 

"Hey, guy's, I'm home! got dinner too! Stopped on the way, your favorite R.J., dark meat, Cajun rice, biscuits, the works! Come on you two, chop, chop, or I'll eat it all myself."

Lee's booming voice causes both myself and Tag to stop. He moves back to the chair in the corner, sits down and opens up his text book. So that's what the hell he was reading, how could he keep his mind on studies when all that stuff was going on right in front of his nose? Grabs my work boots, they are so well worn that they slip on like warm butter to bread. 

"Knock, knock, knock."

I look at the bedroom door, then to Tag, back to the door, see's dad's discarded work boxer shorts in the corner. HOLY SHIT! Jumps to my feet, scoops them up, stuffs them underneath my pillow. Wraps my hand around the door knob, clicks the lock to the open position.

Lee's standing in the hallway, his shiny dark skin glistening in the fading light. His right arm raised high above his head, long fingers and open palm support him against the white painted door trim.

"What are you guy's up to? Damn boy, it stinks in here! Get that hockey gear out into the garage, it smells like dead animal in here. Hey Tag, what are you studying? Did you keep this little shit out of trouble while we were away?"

The white toothy smile on Lee's handsome face signals his ignorance to anything that went on. Thank god for that.

"Is your dad up or is he taking a nap?"

"Don't know Lee." my voice cracks. "I just saw him take off down the hallway toward your bedroom a little while ago. He could be in the shower cause I think I heard him shucking his work cloths before I saw him."

I was telling the truth, well not the whole truth but it is definitely one of those moments when I'm positive that the omission is far safer to explain than the facts of the situation.

Tag's snicker from the corner draws me to send daggers from my eyes to his. He just smirks, tips his head to the side and goes back to his reading. Shit head!

"O.K., you two get ready for dinner, set the table will you? I'll see what the ole man is up to, be right back."

Lee's arm lowers from the door jam, he reaches both arms out, pulls me into a tight embrace, snuggles his nose into my damp hair, breaths in deep, kisses me. The embrace lasts seconds but it seems as if it's an eternity. 

"Missed you kid, know that? You're dad and I are so proud of you, neither of us stopped talking about you the whole time we were on vacation. You mean the world to him, me too."

Another little kiss, this one on my forehead, a little pat of Lee's hand onto my shoulder blade. He releases, turns and heads toward the master bedroom.

Tag must have been ready to explode with laughter, I send him more daggers, he just blushes as his vain attempt to act as if nothing had just been witnessed belies his failed attempt to be the studious stud only interested in bettering his mind.

"You're a jerk, a fucking jerk, you know that? Sit there and pass judgement on me will you? Don't think I will let you forget that you owe me big time for this little escapade, TONTO!"

Walks out into the hallway, just see's the back side of dad's partner as it disappears into their bedroom. I walk the length of the hallway, opens up the guest bathroom door, gently closes it behind myself. Off comes the sweat covered clothing, into the shower, the metal handle turns, hot water pours out of the large pan shower head. Warmth envelopes me, grabs the white bar of ivory soap, lathers it up, spreads it all over my chest, down my stomach, over my still enlarged penis and balls. Up and down the crack of my ass, in and out of the pucker, it feels so good, tingles, swelling in my penis brings it to another aroused state. 

The cool air that rushes into the glass shower enclosure brings me to a 180 degree spin, damn it, I forgot to lock the bathroom door.

Tag walks in, places both hands onto the vanity, leans forward and stares at his reflection in the mirror above the basin. His huge bubble butt juts back away from his leaning torso, head turns toward the shower stall, a sinister look crosses his handsome face, his tongue flicks out from between his barely parted plump lips, it slides from corner to corner only to retreat behind his smile.

"WHAT? Can't I take a shower in private? I'm the one that smells like a dead raccoon. We are shit lucky you know, if Lee had caught on to what just went down, I'm not sure what the hell would have happened between he and dad. He loves him you know, I don't want to do anything that would send a monkey wrench into their relationship. I've already gotten a little too close between the two of them. Lee is a teddy bear and dad is happier than I think I have ever seen him before. Come on Tag, give me a break, don't mess things up, please?"

"Don't worry Kemosabe, Tonto has no intention of messing things up for the two of them. You? Now that might be a different story. Move on over, I smell like a whore in New Orleans on a summer night, give a guy a break will you? No one is gonna be the wiser, you and me, we shower all the time together at the rink, it's no big deal, honest, I don't have any bad intentions, cross my heart."

Tag makes the motion of crossing his heart. What an idiot, why can't he simply wait until I'm finished, why does he have to share the shower with me. I know what he said is true, we have showered dozens of times together, slept in the same room, pretty much everything guys do together without thinking it has something to do with sex. I feel my own fears melt away as he pulls the chrome handle, the glass door opens, I am again exposed to my best friend, nothing between us except the falling water and some ivory soap lather.

"All right, but keep your hands to yourself you pervert."

The rush of embarrassment boils up to my head, I had totally forgotten about the raging hard on jutting out from my slim pelvis. I look down at it, man, it looks so much bigger without the pubic hair surround. Looks up, catches Tag's devilish grin again.

"Move over there, not much room in here with the three of us. Just keep that thing to yourself."

Washes off the soap, a final rinse of my hair, the conditioner washes away, swirls down the drain. Tag's huge back spreads and retracts as he applies the soap to his chest, throws his head back, allows the warm water to fill his mouth. He gargles, leans forward only to spit out the contents, repeats this process. He goes on washing up as if nothing had happened, as if there were not another naked guy standing inches away from his naked body. 

I chance a look up and down, he is one gorgeous specimen. Fuck, I better get myself out of here before I do something that neither one of us could explain to Lee. LEE! Bet he's already in the kitchen and we have not even started to put the dinner table together.

Rushes out of the shower, closes the door securely, Tag takes no notice of my exit. The terrie cloth towel is rubbed up and down, in between every crevice of my muscular body. Wraps it around my waist, I reach for the door knob, enters the hallway, half naked, heads unseen to my bedroom. I put on the whitest, softest shorts and shirt I own. My own reflection causes me to twitch a few times in the shorts. This hard on just won't go away, I have to pull it up, points it toward my belly button in order to hide it the best I can under the length of my shirt and elastic waist band.

I enter the kitchen, fried chicken and fixings still in their bags. Walks over to the cabinet over the counter, pulls out four plates, glasses, opens the utensil drawer, snatches a couple of sheets off the paper towel roll. Walks to the scrubbed wood table, sets the place settings, hears a sound behind I turn my head with a snap. 

"Dad! It's you, thanks goodness, I thought it was Lee sneaking up on me. So, you O.K.?"

"Don't know what you mean Robbie, of course everything's all O.K., why shouldn't it be?"

Dad's giant bear hug embrace nearly squeezes all of the air out of my lungs. His freshly shaven jaw line and cheek move to the side of my neck, a quick peck on my cheek, his huge paw sized hand runs it's spread fingers through my hair. Arms embrace, envelope me. Recognizes Lee's arms wrapping around Dad from behind me. I feel like meat in a sandwich, the two men embrace me, kiss each other for a brief moment, then release as the sound of the guest bathroom door clicks open. 

Dad and Lee walk unconcerned to the kitchen counter. The oven is opened up, Lee must have heated it when he came home. Dad removes a lemon from the refrigerator, grabs a small wood cutting board and knife, slices it into four sections, brings the wedges to the table, squeezes one into each glass before returning to the frig and filling a pitcher with cold water and crushed ice from the dispenser.

Tag walks into the kitchen, freshly washed and clothed. Man oh man, he looks good, even had the foresight to bring a change of cloths with him too. He walks over to the table, settles down on the long bench seat, pats the empty space next to him, motions his head for me to take a seat.