 Dad's fingers continue to probe my ass, stretching my sphincter, stimulating me from the inside out. His hot breath at my upturned ass cheeks send violent shivers through me. My rock hard penis points at my face, a small amount of pre-cum pools at the pee opening. The sticky substance continues to leak out of my helmet shaped penis head. It begins to extend, then drips off the tip, followed by a long thin string of clear liquid until it lands on the tip of my nose. I cross my eyes but am unable to see the spot where the cum landed.

 "HOLY SHIT!"

 The fingers hit a spot just inside my ass that causes the words to leap from my throat. I try in vain to gasp for air, being folded nearly in half, blood rushes to my head, my ears buzzing, burning, I nearly forget that Tag is right there, just behind the foot board of my bed. What the heck is he doing? Thinking? Is he really getting off on watching my dad ravage my ass with his bear sized paw? Is he really straight or is this some sick way of him coming out to us? What ever, it is the hottest thing I have have ever done, let alone even fantasized about. My imagination is no where as twisted, perverse or rudely hot as what is happening to us.

 The scrapes of wood against wood, my head snaps to the side, I try with all my might to view Tag, just to get a glimpse of him. My body being violated, my dad's hot breath at the crack of my ass, his fingers rammed deep up inside of me, twisting, probing, rubbing that fantastic spot. This has to be the spot everyone refers to as "the spot." It's not as if dad's fingers had penetrated me deeper than they had in the past, nor had he even shoved in as many fingers as he has stretched me with before either. It's just the way he is playing with what ever it is that he found inside of me. Something about the position I'm in must have allowed him such great access to this special spot, I'm just so effing twisted inside that I wish I could cum right now but something tells me that this is not going to happen, well at least not yet.

 More scraping of the feet of Tag's chair against the hard wood floor, see's his feet, well just the very ends of them. I can tell that he's beginning to stand up. One foot, then the other move cautiously toward us. I focus back up at dad, his body bent over me, the cheek of his stubble covered cheek resting against my smoothly shaven ass cheek. The flick of his tongue at the very edge of my ass lips, I clench my anus around his fingers. Unbearable, the building of pressure deep inside my balls, a little more pre-cum drips from my prick. The long transparent thread snaps as the blob of liquid finds it's way on the edge of my upper lip. 

 Flicks my tongue out, moves it over the surface of the red soft flesh, the taste of a salty sweetness at the very tip of my tongue. I pull my tongue back into my mouth, lubricate it with a little spit, let's it slither back out to trace the outline of my mouth in search of more of this liquid platinum. Just a little more, my mind is so self obsessed with the taste of my own seed that when I feel the sudden removal of the mighty fingers from my gripping ass hole, I am brought back to the here and now with another spasm of my ass hole. The fingers were immediately replace by the thick, hot and wet warmth of dad's tongue. It enters me as far as it can, sharp bristling of the late day facial hair covering his jaw line push into the ever so soft and tender flesh between my ass cheeks.

 Tag moves closer, closer, I look up, see that he is positioned directly behind my dad. His arms warp around dad's waist, fingers hook under the elastic, sliding his fingers back and forth from haunches to navel and back again.

 Dad's tongue to probes me, his teeth brush the outer ring of my ass hole. I clench my insides, he slurps, pulls his tongue out to the very tip, nibbles on my ass hole, sticks his saliva lubricated tongue back in to it's widest point. 

 Still, I can not take my eyes off of Tag's hands. His left hand grabs hold of the edge of the tan fabric at the waist of dad's boxer shorts, pulls at the elastic waist band, places both hands on dad's hips, proceeds to slide the flimsy cotton fabric downward, exposing first the massive erect penis then the dark and hair covered low hanging ball sack as it slaps against the inside of the cotton under wear. 

 Tag continues to slide the boxers toward my face, dad's feet being spread just outside each of my ears. Darkness as the fabric covers my face. The musky scent of my dad fills my nostrils. I close my eyes, breath in deeply, gets heady, the fact that I can not see what is going on just above my sight line does not change the fact that I am being pleasured, tormented to no end by my dad's tongue and whiskers. 

 "God damn it Tag, what?" 

 Dad's voice booms out from between my ass cheeks, his tongue having been withdrawn, his face leaves the hairless ass cheeks cold, unattended. My ass hole twitches, opens, closes, opens, closes, begs for more, to be use, abused but he call from my upturned ass go unanswered.

 Whispers, I can not make out the words that are being shared between the two hulking men above me. I feel the familiar thickness of Dad's hands being placed first on my left then my right ass cheek. Still blinded by the work pants, the pulling apart of the cheeks, my ass hole is left more prone than it had previously been. Coolness, smooth coolness, it has to be the Crisco once again being applied to my back side. Thick sausage sized fingers slide effortlessly back and forth between the mounds of my muscled bubble butt cheeks. 

 Dad continues to massage my ass crack, he moves his feet from side to side. The boxer shorts are kicked off to the side, light nearly blinds me, then the sight above me, the massive penis being lubricated by Tag's hand from behind my dad's ass.

 The well lubricated monster is released, sticks nearly parallel to the floor, only a small curved at the end caused by the shear weight of the apple shaped head poking out from beneath the veined foreskin.

 I'm shocked as the lubricated hand lowers, grabs hold of my rigid dick. Up and down, sliding over the tip of the head then slamming back against the area where my pubic hairs had been just hours earlier. I am nearly out of my mind and ready to blow my load, I gasp out, yell, I'm, gonna, I'm gonna, I'm, when the hand releases just as quickly. I'm left panting, on the very verge of blowing a load all over my face. Stares up at the thickness of my prick as it jerks back and forth of it's own accord. 

 Pressure, forceful as the assault begins on my exposed ass hole. Thickness, volume, pain, shooting pain. Dad is shoving his monstrous hard on down into my upturned ass. The lubricated hand comes out of no where once again, grabs hold of my dick, pulls on it, pushes it up toward the ceiling. The head of my dick barely rubs against the inside of dad's thick coarsely hair covered thigh. The feeling of the head of my penis touching the deep crevice between dad's ass cheeks sends my mind into a state of total confusion.

 Dad's downward thrust of his super sized bloated prick is met by my dick being firmly held in place, the head of my cut penis penetrating the tightness, warmth, resistance of dad's mighty ass. The view of my dick sliding deep into dad's ass as I am filled from above sends me into a place of total deviant delight. My penis hits home, can go no further into dad's bowels yet the filling of my hole from above continues. Inches more to come, more pressure, it is becoming more and more difficult to not simply blow my load. 

 I screw my eyes shut as tightly as I can, focuses on not blowing it, I want this to last, I don't want it to ever end yet I know that it just can't last. There is no way in hell anything that feels this god damned good can last forever.

 "FUCK ME!" 

 My words scream so loudly that my hearing shutters. Dad begins his full on onslaught of my willing ass hole. Tag's firm hand holds tight at the base of my dick, this must be what a cock ring feels like. My dick is bloated larger and harder than it has ever been. The pain in my balls is sinfully fantastic as he tightens his grip, makes sure that my prick continues to point upward as dad slams his split ass cheeks down and then lifts to the very tip only to slam himself down and impale himself on my meat.

 I just can't hold on any longer and I get the sense that dad is at the very edge of his ability to hold off too. He begins to pick up his plowing rhythm. Slamming, withdrawing, I feel my ass hole ring as it grips the giant as it moves so violently in and out of my guts. It feels as if my ass hole is being pulled inches away from my ass crack and then somehow shoved deep inside of my hole, unable to release fully against the slab of meats assault. 

 The depth of dad's thrusts is causing so much pain as it hits an inner wall. My screams becoming more impassioned, plead to be punished, for this to last forever to fuck me!

 "I'm cumming!"

 The heated rush of hot liquid burns my insides. Pounds deep within me, dad's blood engorged dick firmly planted as deep within me that every pulse can be felt in my stomach as his seed pumps into me time and again. His body shutters, slowly begins to rise until I see him standing tall above me, legs spread wide, straddling my glistening grease slicked ass. My penis slips from dad's ass, a little cum drips from the distended pucker, falls onto my retreating prick as it slowly softens to a hyper sensitive state. 

 Tag releases my crotch, it lays back against my tummy, drips slimy cum down my chest. The acrid scent of the inside of dad's ass mingles with the foul smell of my sweat that pooled on the wood floor boards below my arm pits.

 The slide of the chairs feet on the floor again cause me to turn my head in the direction of the foot of my bed. Tags feet disappear beyond my line of sight. The sharp slap of dad's bear sized paw against my upturned taught ass cheeks brings me to another orgasm. Shot after shot of super hot goo spews from the slit in the head of my prick. Never, ever have I cum without having been totally hard before. Never had I cum without touching myself or being touched. This is a whole new chapter in my decent into sexual perverse acts. I'm sure that this is just not normal, not for anyone yet I want it to happen again. Not just again, but again and again, and again!

 The shooting of gravel against the metal garage door announces the early and surely unexpected arrival of Lee. Dad jumps nearly a foot into the air, turns, rushes out of my bedroom door, followed by the slamming of the master bedroom door.