 I can't believe what I'm about to tell you but I have to say that I am a really stupid boy.

It happened last week when I was on a training course in Birmingham in the West Midlands.

My name is Ryan. I am a twenty two year old single guy and I work for one of the UK's top five banks.

I had obtained a Finance Degree at Nottingham Trent University the previous year and I am being fast tracked into management hence me having to attend a training course at one of the company's larger branches in Birmingham which is over a hundred miles from my home.

The bank sorted me out accommodation in a very nice and genteel Victorian hotel in the centre of Birmingham which was minutes walk from the branch.

I arrived on Sunday evening, dropped my bags off in my room and headed down to the bar for a beer.

The bar was very quiet although I doubt even if it was full of women they would have looked twice at me.

I'm average height at five feet eight, skinny but not bad looking, or so my girlfriend thinks. Well I say she's my girlfriend but we've only been seeing each other for about two weeks.

I left the hotel and found a nice little Italian restaurant where I ate a delicious pizza and drank a couple of glasses of red wine.

Afterwards when I got back to my hotel I looked in the bar but there was even less people in than before so I decided to have an early night.

The first day of the course was quite easy. I found I was the only one staying over as the others on the course lived relatively near to the branch so they went home afterwards.

Again I popped into the bar after showering and changing out of my suit but like the previous night it was quiet. 

I went back to the same Italian restaurant and ordered a lasagna with the obligatory two glasses of red wine.

Once back in my hotel room I thought it was going to be a long week.

Tuesday was a little bit harder as the trainers gave us some practical work to do but it helped the day pass quickly.

After work I called in a newsagent to buy a local paper and a bottle of water for my room.

I, again, took off my suit and looked at the paper for inspiration for that evening's meal.

I came across the Services section and found the Personal advertisements.

One advert caught my eye.

It read: Slim Asian masseur offers total relief massage for £40.

I imagined a cute Filipino woman with long black hair down her back rubbing her hands up and down my body.

I was starting to get an erection.

I took my phone and rang the number that was supplied.

A soft voice answered, I inquired about an appointment that evening and was told that I could go along at seven o'clock.

The person on the other end didn't speak good English so they said they would text me the details.

Sure enough two minutes later a text came through with the address and confirmation of the time. 

I put the address into my phone and found it was only a twelve minute walk from my hotel.

I jumped in the shower, washed and dried then slipped on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. I decided the t-shirt was too casual and as I wanted to look smart for her I swapped it for a polo shirt. On with my trainers and off I went to see if I could find the apartment.

I actually found it very easily and I was also a good twenty minutes early.

I noticed a pub about a fifty yards away and thought I would pop in for a drink to calm my nerves.

I didn't want a beer as I didn't want the bulk and have to stop the massage to use the toilet so I ordered a large glass of dry white wine.

When I had drank it I walked over to the block of flats and pressed the buzzer for flat 412. The door clicked and I pushed it open. In front of me was a lift so I went in and pressed the button for thr fourth floor.

Apartment twelve was easy to find so I knocked and waited.

The door opened and I was surprised to see a small Asian man of about thirty standing there.

'Please come in. Come in.' 

I thought it must be the lady's husband or something so I walked in to hear him lock the door behind me.

'Please come!'

He walked down the hall and led me to a small bedroom that was dimly lit. It had soft music playing and right in the centre was the massage table.

'Please pay me money now!'

I handed over the forty pounds and hoped that his wife was at least attractive and it was going to be worth it.

'Take off all clothes and lay face down please. I won't be moment. Need to change!'

I just stood there. Then it hit me. I was stupid. I hadn't known the difference between masseur and masseuse.

I thought of just leaving but I'd already paid him. 'Ok,' I thought. 'I'll have the massage and just go. Mark it down to experience.'

I was just taking off my shorts when he walked back in. He was only wearing a pair of black silk trousers that reminded me of pajama bottoms. His body glistened in oil.

I climbed up onto the bed and placed my face in the hole at the top.

He poured oil into his hands then started on my neck and shoulders. He really had big strong hands for his height.

I groaned as he went to work on my upper body.

After a while he traced his hand down my naked flesh making sure one hand stayed on me the whole time. 

I heard another squirt of oil then I felt his hands on my left foot and ankle.

He moved up to my left calf and thoroughly massaged it before moving further up to past my knee.

More oil was applied and he used both hands to kneed my left thigh. His hands swept up and down my thighs getting closer and closer to my private parts with each stroke.

I noticed my breathing had become ragged as he stroked up and down.

The next time he massaged my thigh on the upwards stroke he must have extended his right hand fingers as they brushed against my balls.

I couldn't help but moan at the sensation.

He did this twice more, and I realised I was getting hard.

Again with one hand still on my body he moved to the other side of the table and added more oil to his hands.

This time he started on my right leg. It was exactly the same. Same rhythm and same effect on my balls. By now I was very hard. 

He moved up to my arse and spent several minutes massaging both cheeks.

When he ran his hand down between them and over my little hole I moaned in pleasure. No one had ever touched me there before.

He did this several times and several times I groaned. He must have taken the hint that I thought it pleasurable as he started to rim my hole with his finger.

I was now continually moaning.

I then felt his left hand in the small of my back that pushed me down hard onto the massage table as the middle finger that was rimming me slipped into my arse.

I was shocked and tried to get up but with his strong hands and arms he kept me pinned to the bed.

He started to finger fuck me and when he curled his finger over my prostate I was lost. I had never felt anything so pleasurable even though I thought it so wrong.

This went on for a good five minutes with his fat finger going in and out of me.

Suddenly he pulled his finger out of me. I actually groaned in frustration.

'Turn over now!'

I did with trepidation as my now fully hard seven inch cock swayed as I did so.

He took a pillow and put it behind my head then folded a towel and placed it over my eyes.

I heard more oil applied to his hands then he started on my shoulders and worked down to my chest. Every time he rubbed over my now hard nipples I moaned.

'Ah! You like.' he said as he took one in between his finger and thumb and squeezed it. The electric shock of pain went all the way through me to my balls. He did the same with the other one. I was now panting. 

Down strokes across my stomach to my groin, grazing my bobbing cock as he went.

I silently begged him to grab it and make me cum but he started on my legs again.

Feet, ankles and shins. The long strokes up my thighs ended up caressing my balls and driving me crazy. 

Every stroke was wildly anticipated as I couldn't see and I was constantly willing him to grab my swollen cock.

I felt him move behind my head.

He started to massage my neck then run his hands down over my chest and flat stomach then either side of my cock, grazing it slightly.

As he leaned over me I could feel the bulge of his cock against my head then over the towel on my face.

He did this several times and ground his cock into my face harder each time

As he pulled off me he moved the towel over my eyes slightly so I had a little vision.

Next he moved over to my right-hand side and I felt something sliding up my right leg, them my naked side until it got my my arm where I turned and saw he was naked and was holding his thin six inch rock hard cock.

I tried to get up but he held me down with his left hand on my chest.

'Relax!'

I felt the rubbery shaft on my neck and heading for my cheek.

All of a sudden he pulled away the pillow and forced my right cheek down onto the massage bed with his left hand.

His cock was rubbing against my lips.

'Open!'

I kept my lips tightly closed until he used his right hand to squeeze my right nipple. As I gasped in pain he pushed his thin cock into my mouth.

'Suck!'

I formed an O with my lips but couldn't bring myself to suck his throbbing member.

Keeping my head forced down with his left hand, he took hold of my still swollen prick and slowly wanked me just as he as slowly began to flex his hips and fuck my mouth.

As he quickened the pace of my masturbation he began to forcefully face fuck me.

By now I was groaning and begging for release even though I was aware of what would happen when he came.

I groaned around his pistoning prick as the first rope of cum erupted from my cock then with one hard push he pulled my face hard onto his crotch and I could feel his cock swell then explode in my mouth, his spunk going straight down my throat.

I tried to quickly swallow it as he milked every last drop out of me.

I lay there gasping for breath as he pulled his wilting cock out of my mouth and released my head.

'You wait!' he said as he walked out of the room.

Seconds later he was back with a damp cloth for my face and an equally damp towel to wipe the oil and cum from my body.

'Get dressed!' he said as he climbed back into his black silk pants from where he had undone the drawstring and let it drop some minutes ago.

I dressed in silence and just wanted to run out but I remembered he'd locked the door to his flat.

As I waited in the hall for him to unlock it, he grabbed me and pushed me up against the wall before kissing me on the lips, thrusting his tongue into my mouth.

'You come back soon. Next time I fuck you. No charge!'

I didn't wait for the lift. I just ran down the stairs and into the fresh air back to my hotel.

I went straight in the shower before lying naked on my bed, staring at the ceiling and it was then I realised again I had been a very stupid boy.