 ~ This is my first story for this site - all content is original and purely fictional. I enjoyed writing it, and hope that you will enjoy reading it. Feedback would be much appreciated so that I can decide whether to write a second part. Thanks! Sapphire ~



Jason sighed as he straightened his jacket, making sure there were no creases in the uniform. He'd managed to get a summer job at the Royal Palace this year, and although he knew he was lucky to have a job, he just wished it didn't mean acting like a servant so much. The last week or so had been really busy in preparation for the annual Summer Feast, where the country's royalties got together to basically have a rich people's party. The feast was set to take place on Saturday, and the first guests would be arriving today. Jason had been reassigned from his usual duties to act as a valet of sorts to some duke or another. Needless to say, he wasn't looking forward to taking care of an old man's demands. But the pay was good, and he'd be out of here come September.

Jason forced a smile onto his face and examined his reflection. His dark brown hair always looked unkempt, no matter how much he brushed, straightened or gelled it. Eventually, he'd given up trying to tame it and now it flopped down across his forehead. He'd been forced to cut it before starting the job because the housekeeper Mrs Hughes had insisted that it would obscure his vision. Jason smiled at the memory, and his bright green eyes lit up with amusement. He'd often been told that his smile was to die for; girls swooned over it – well, at least until they realised he wasn't interested in them. As for guys, suffice it to say that it worked for them too. Jason took a deep breath and stood up straight. At 5' 11" he wasn't the tallest guy, but he wasn't short either. He had an athletic build which was enhanced by regular rowing and running, and had smooth, tanned skin thanks to his mum's Spanish roots. Overall, Jason was a pretty good-looking guy. 

Pleased with his reflection, he headed down the sweeping staircase to await the arrival of the guests along with the rest of the staff. As he took his place in the line, Mrs Hughes gave him an approving nod and several of the girls threw him their most dazzling smiles. He smiled back politely and quickly turned to face the entrance. Although Jason was out, he'd thought it best not to tell anyone at the Palace in case news reached the wrong ears. 

Soon, the sound of tyres crunching on gravel could be heard and a Rolls Royce glided to a halt before the open doors. The chauffeur stepped out and opened the door for the passengers, just as the Prince came down the stairs to welcome the guests. Jason craned his neck to get a good look at them – he would be their manservant for the next few days after all. First out of the car was a relatively old man with grey hair and a stern face, who was announced as the Duke of Camber. His son followed him out of the car and Jason caught his breath. Standing on the steps of the palace looking thoroughly out of place was probably the cutest guy Jason had ever seen. He had short, sandy blonde hair and piercingly bright blue eyes which seemed to sparkle with amusement. Jason estimated that he was about 5,10", and judging from his bulging pecs, he was pretty built. Whilst the Duke of Camber was dressed head to toe in formal attire, his son slouched against the car in jeans and a fitted t-shirt, a jacket casually slung over his shoulder. 

Jason reminded himself to keep breathing and tore his eyes away just as Mrs Hughes beckoned him forward. 

"This is Jason, he'll be your valet during your stay here. Anything you need, just ask him," she said by way of introduction.

The Duke's gaze swept over Jason and he appeared to approve because he stretched his lips into what supposedly resembled a smile and extended his hand. 

"Nice to meet you, Jason," he said in a raspy voice. "May I introduce my son as well, Alex."

Alex leapt lightly up the steps, and took Jason's hand in a firm grip. 

"Hey man," he grinned. "What's up?"

Jason tried to keep the surprise off his face at Alex's informal manner and returned the handshake. 

"Jason will show you to your suite and your baggage will be brought up shortly," announced Mrs Hughes. 

"Follow me," said Jason, leading the way upstairs. As they passed the line of staff, Jason saw Alex winking at several of the girls who all began to giggle. Despite himself, Jason felt a twinge of disappointment which he quickly squashed with ridicule. A good-looking guy, who also happened to be a member of the royal family, would never be gay. Fact. 

Once Jason had finished his duties for the Duke and Alex, he headed downstairs to the staff's quarters in search of a drink. 

"Steady mate, it's not even lunch time yet," said a voice near his shoulder.

Jason turned to find his friend Sam grinning and indicating the gin and tonic in his hand. Jason smiled.

"Yeah exactly, that's why I'm saving the valium for later."

Sam snorted. "That bad huh? What's the son like? I bet that 'hey man' attitude is just a show – he's a stuck-up posh boy at heart."

"Yeah, I guess so," said Jason. Whilst he'd been helping Alex and his father, he hadn't really got that impression, but he decided to remain quiet until he'd seen more. Sam would probably be proven right. 

"Anyway, Mrs Hughes needs some furniture shifted upstairs so when you're done getting drunk, come give us a hand," said Sam, and he disappeared through the door. 

The rest of the day saw the arrival of another five royal families, each seemingly more pompous than the previous one. Jason didn't get much of a chance to examine them as he was busy running errands for Mrs Hughes who appeared to have gone into overdrive. He couldn't wait until 7 o clock when dinner would be served and the work would shift to the kitchen staff. 

At 6.15, all valets were instructed to attend to their respective families so Jason made his way to the Duke of Camber's suite. As he approached, he heard raised voices and paused outside the door to listen. 

"...disgrace! Presenting yourself like that, you could be mistaken for a servant! I won't have this from you. You are my son, and the future Duke of Camber, and you will act appropriately!" Jason realised that the Duke was referring to Alex's behaviour this morning, and he quickly lowered the fist with which he'd been about to knock. Now did not seem like a good time to interrupt.

"Or what Dad? Will you strip me of my title? Please, go ahead, I could ask for nothing more," came Alex's defiant reply.

"You shameless boy!" roared his father. "I have given you everything in life, and this is how you show your appreciation? You will obey me, and you will behave, or you can say goodbye to your studies in America!"

Before Jason could react, he heard footsteps pounding across the floor and the door to the suite flew open. The Duke did not even spare him a glance before making his way down the corridor, his face red with rage. Jason took a deep breath and then knocked lightly on the open door before glancing inside. 

"I just came to see if you needed anything before dinner," he began hesitantly. Alex's back was turned to him and Jason wondered if he might be crying, but when he spoke, his voice was firm and clear.

"Yeah, if you could just find my dinner jacket for me, that would be great. I think it's in that blue case."

Jason began sorting through the clothes, trying to resist looking at Alex, which proved to be far more difficult than he would have liked. Eventually, he found the jacket and turned to see Alex standing in front of the mirror looking somewhat bemused. He caught Jason's eye through the reflection and gave a sheepish smile. 

"This damned bow tie – I've never mastered how to tie one. Normally, my mum does it for me."

Jason was surprised at his honesty – most guys wouldn't have admitted to that. 

"Here, let me help you," he said. He placed the jacket on the bed and went to stand in front of Alex. His earlier estimation had been quite accurate – Alex was just slightly shorter than him. He noticed how hot Alex looked in his formal attire, and quickly forced himself to focus on the task at hand. He took the tie from Alex, ignoring the tingle he felt when their hands made contact, and looped it around his neck. As he folded the cloth into the complicated knot, he could feel Alex's gaze on him but kept his own eyes on the tie. He finished, pulling the knot tight, and straightened the bow. 

"There," he said quietly, and finally raised his gaze to look at Alex. The passion burning in Alex's eyes made Jason's heart leap, and he felt his dick twitch. For a moment, neither of them moved, and it felt as though time had stopped. Just as Jason was thinking that he should probably step back before the bulge in his trousers grew more obvious, Alex leaned forward and kissed him softly on the lips. For a second, Jason was stunned and stood paralysed. He could hear Alex's rapid breathing, and his own heart was thumping in his chest. 

"Umm, what...?" he stuttered.

"Shh," said Alex, placing a finger on his lips. Jason shivered, and Alex kissed him again, this time more assertively. Jason gave in to his desires and kissed Alex back, revelling in the heat that was slowly spreading through his body and pooling somewhere near his groin. He felt Alex's hands circling his waist under his jacket, and he buried his own hands in Alex's soft hair. Jason heard Alex moan and pulled him closer as Alex ran his tongue along his lips, seeking entry. Jason granted it willingly, and he felt Alex's tongue exploring his mouth, tasting him. Jason's hard-on was obvious by now, and he could feel Alex's erection against his thigh as well. He shifted, rubbing his dick against Alex's, and even through their clothes, it was enough. Alex groaned and shoved Jason up against the wall before resuming the kiss with wild fervour. He bit Jason's lower lip and the sharp pain sent shivers down Jason's spine. 

Jason pulled back and traced a line of soft kisses along Alex's chiselled jaw to his ear. Then he gently sucked on Alex's earlobe before moving down to his throat. Jason heard Alex sigh, and felt his warm breath along the nape of his neck. He smiled, realising how much Alex was enjoying this, and gently sucked at the pulse in his throat. At the same time, he slid his hands down Alex's torso towards his crotch, feeling the muscles ripple under his hands. As Jason began to undo the belt, Alex suddenly stiffened. Afraid that this beautiful moment was going to end before it had even started, Jason brushed his lips softly against Alex's to gauge his feelings. Almost immediately, Alex relaxed and kissed Jason again. For a moment, Jason temporarily forgot where he was as Alex's tongue did wonderful things in his mouth, and then he felt Alex push against him, aching for more contact. Jason was more than happy to oblige, and swiftly unbuttoned Alex's flies before attending to his own. Their trousers slipped down to bunch around their ankles, and the thud of the belts on the floor made Alex break the kiss. 

He held Jason's gaze, and once again, Jason was swept away by the intensity of it. Then, to Jason's astonishment, Alex sank down onto his knees so that his face was level with Jason's covered cock. With agonising slowness, Alex gradually pulled down Jason's boxers, as though he was unwrapping a precious gift. Inch by inch, Jason's stiff cock came into view. He was so hard by now that his cock was throbbing with desire, and as Alex finally removed his boxers completely, it sprang straight up. For a second Alex did nothing, but just as Jason was about to say or do something (or possibly even cum there and then), Alex's tongue darted out and he quickly licked the precum that was dribbling out of Jason's cock. Jason almost came at once as pure pleasure shot through his body, but he leaned against the wall for support and, closing his eyes, forced himself to hold back. 

The wet warmth of Alex's mouth around his dick came so quickly that Jason was surprised and his dick jumped. Alex pulled back hesitantly, but then when Jason didn't move, he sank lower, taking most of Jason's 8-inch cock into his mouth. Jason was amazed, and he moaned and thrust forward slightly, pushing himself further into Alex mouth. He felt the tip of his cock at the back of Alex's mouth and it felt so fucking good. Alex pulled back again and Jason almost protested before he realised that Alex knew what he was doing. Alex's withdrawal had purpose, as he allowed his full lips to massage Jason's cock from base to tip. When he reached the head, he flicked his tongue around it before sinking back down on Jason. A the same time, he brought his hands up and gently cupped Jason's balls, first stroking and then gently tugging them.

The combination of the sucking and tugging was almost too much for Jason, and he began to thrust harder. Suddenly, Alex's hands withdrew from his balls and Jason opened his eyes to see what had happened. What he saw was his undoing. Alex had pulled his own boxers down and was vigorously rubbing his own erection whilst sucking on Jason's cock. 

"Fuuuuck," breathed Jason slowly. Alex must have heard because his sucking became more intense.

"Oh yeah, I like that," Jason moaned, and he felt Alex's response on his dick. Jason glanced down again to see Alex staring up at him with those bright blue eyes, his red lips encased around Jason's throbbing dick. It was too much. Jason thrust forward again and just about managed to grunt,

"I'm going to cum." 

Then, he gasped as he began to experience a powerful orgasm, and shot his first load into Alex's waiting mouth. Alex had barely swallowed before Jason spurted more cum into him. Even as he did so, Alex jerked and began to cum himself, his seed spraying all over Jason's legs. Alex continued to swallow Jason's cum until there was no more, and then gently licked the last few drops off Jason's dick. Jason looked down and saw Alex massaging his own cock to completion. If Jason hadn't been so exhausted by what was definitely one of the most exhilarating blow-jobs of his life, the sight would have been enough to give him another hard-on.

Feeling Jason's gaze on him, Alex grinned up at him wickedly and then got to his feet. 

"That was amazing," he said, stroking Jason's cheek.

"Yeah," Jason muttered. Then he caught sight of the clock on the opposite wall.

"Shit, it's five to seven! You have to go down for dinner!" 

Alex's eyes widened. "Oh crap!" He quickly pulled up his trousers, which had miraculously remained clean throughout the whole thing. "Feel free to clean up in the bathroom," he said, indicating Jason's semen-covered legs. Before Jason could reply, Alex had grabbed his jacket from the bed and dashed out of the door, leaving Jason standing in the middle of the suite feeling somewhat bewildered, his soft dick hanging limply between his legs.