 Oh my god, the pounding blood as it rushes to my brain creates a massive dizzy spell. My head swims with unnerving excitement, reacts negatively. My stomach turns flip flops, I break into an uncontrolled sweat. Nausea overcomes me, all I want to do is to crawl onto the floor, make my way to the bathroom toilet and die there.

Tags lips remove from mine as quickly as they had come. Breathless and very ill feeling, I wrestle against the ties that bind me. Struggles upon the bindings are swiftly followed by the tearing sound of my restraints. Life rushes to my extremities, tingling sensation in my fingers, toes, almost unbearable as it rushes past the indentations of my flesh caused by the restraints. Involuntarily, my body reacts to the rush of sensation. My legs are stretched out, back arches to counter the cramping. A hand is placed under my chin, raising my face.

Before me stands physical perfection, a bulging mound of manhood barely hidden beneath well worn faded denim attempting to contain its forbidden treasure. My eyes lift, trace the texture, contour of fabric until I am no longer able to lift my eyes further. The lids that protect my eyes become a hindrance, obscure further assessment of my tormentors form. I scream loudly as possible but only a muffled whimpering sound escapes. My mouth is jam pack filled with filthy, sweat soaked fabric to the point that my jaw aches. I yearn for freedom.

Tears fill my eyes, feels the paper thin blue jean encased bulge rub gently against the tip of my nose. An acrid scent of unwashed musk permeates my senses. My penis instinctively swells, pulses, throbs, animalistic desires drives me to dry hump the leather saddle I am bound too. Tags manhood continues to be forced against my face over my squinting eye lids, forehead, then it pushes forcefully against my overstuffed mouth.

I groan, whimper like a child in need of a suckling breast. Fingers are forced within the corners of my stretched lips. Fabric that had kept me nearly silent is ripped from my mouth with such force that it draws breath from deep within my throat, followed by a great gasp. Chocking, sputtering, hacking for oxygen ensues. Torrents of spit runs out of my distended lips as if a faucet had been left in the open position. Long strings of saliva stretch from my bloated lower lip, makes its way to mingle into a small pool of glistening froth below me.

I desire the feel of Tags sculpted torso beneath my wandering fingertips. I smell his scent as it seeps from beneath the denim captivity. His torso, now stripped of fabric, his glistening skin drenched with perspiration glistens upon his chiseled form. My eyes burn with desire as they attempt to absorb every inch of the unholy godlike creature which taunts me. Slowly he moves, his abs tighten, he leans over me.

"Say it, say it and I'll free you and all of your fantasies can become reality."

The husky whisper of his voice is as much a plea as it is a command, I am left dumbfounded. Say it, say what, what is Tag expecting from me in return for my freedom?

I choke on the dryness that has ravaged my throat hoarse having been gagged by his filthy underwear. My lips feel parched now that the rush of saliva has been expelled. Shaking muscles creep over me, chills run up and down my spine, I realize Tag has moved away. I hear his deep breaths, intake is followed by a snorting exhale akin to that of an anxious bull.

Think Robbie, come on, think, what is it that Tag desires? DESIRES, that's it! Tag desires me, he wants me! 

What he must require as payment for my release is an assurance that I too desire him, want him, need him. For god's sake, how stupid could I have been for so long? It has never been about him, well not to him, it has been about my accepting that I need him as much as he needs me. Shit, how blind I have been, how patient Tag has been with my inability to recognize the obvious?

I swallow, hard as it might be with the parched feeling, lips open, words form in my mind, make their magical passage from brain to an audible expression.

"I need you Tag, I have always known it. You have always been there for me yet I have barely acknowledged how important you are to me. Damn it Tag, I love you man, I want you, you and no one else.

Furious movements, tugging, bindings are withdrawn, rushing sensation burns the tip of my fingers and toes. Freedom never felt so good nor ever so missed. Sweat pooled in the crack of my ass, I rise and stand, leaning the raw flesh of my pelvis against the hard leather.

Tag moves, presses firmly against my straining body. A shiver runs through me, he hugs me with all the might of a bear. My head drops to the right, is cradled between the bulge of his bicep and his formidable forearm that wraps me tight as a python.

Late day stubble along Tags chiseled jaw line brushes the youthful smooth features of my face. His hot breath exhales only to be replaced by a quick intake, then the process repeats. I feel the pounding of his heart, chest firmly pressed to my back. A slight rocking motion, back then forward, his lower body rhythm picks up in tempo.

"You want me do you? Show daddy how much you want him. Show Daddy how badly you need him, NOW!"

The growling man voice directed into my ear sends all sorts of mixed messages. Am I supposed to respond as if Tag is my real dad or am I supposed to role play with him as Tag is my daddy? Holy crap, this is so effin confusing. I feel my dick going soft from fear of making the wrong choice. What if he was not coming from either of these angles? What the fuck? He might get so turned off by what ever I do that he turns around and walks out of my life forever!

I have to do it, man up, just do it, screw all this self doubt crap, I'm going to roll the dice, what ever happens, happens, I'll deal with it then. I find my voice hiding deep within my throat but it has finally found its way out.

"C'mon Tonto, you've been riding in Kemosabe's dust for too long. Bring it on, fuck me like the wild mustang you are. Give me the fucking I deserve, NOW!"

The ripping sound of the well worn buttons as they free themselves from their denim security is followed by the familiar sound of fabric against muscular legs. Boots are kicked left then right and come to rest against the line where the thin walls and faux wood flooring meet. The massive arms developed by Tags decades of piling Hockey along with his family's farm activity wrap around me. My abs press firmly against the worn saddles surface.

Tags voice is deep and breathy, the words are as shocking as if someone had hooked a cars battery up to my hanging testicles.

"I need you so badly that I am about to rip myself apart. I, I... I have never done this, never done it with anyone! Teach me, guide me as how to please you. All I ask is that you never laugh at me for being a, you know, Virgin. Never lie to me, what ever it is buried deep inside of you, what you really desire, the things that you wish in your heart of hearts to experience, be honest with me, share your and I promise I will do everything possible to blow your mind trying to exceed your wildest fantasies."