 In order to appease your curiosity which has no doubt increased tenfold I mean how could it not you wide eyed trusting mortals just found out that your dark vigilante Alastair was the villain of the tale. And there you thought I was evil. At least with me what you see is what you get I am extremely upfront in my... shall we call them eating habits as well as my behaviour. Where as Alastair prances around like some self appointed messiah yet at the first sign of temptation he caves! He not only drank from the boy he brought the little blood bag back to our lair. Now I don't use the term boy lightly he was a child barely a man a pup! And he was delicious I mean that one taste just wasn't enough where im concerned. 

Even as I write I remember the taste of him- he was addictively sweet and oh so warm. AND HE WAS TOTALLY AND UNEQUIVOCALLY WASTED UPON ALASTAIR! You see Tobias was pure in every sense of the word- he was the very embodiment of temptation encased in deliciously crème coloured skin with rouge tinted lips and cheeks. Topped off with a peppering of freckles that kissed their way across his upturned nose and cheeks. His purity was not unlike when snow has fallen thick upon the ground before anyone has trodden on it and marred its magnificence- where far and wide all that can be beheld is its startlingly white canvas which sparkles and glimmers in the early morning sun, breathtaking in its serenity. That was Tobias breathtaking! 

Had Alastair lowered his guard for even a moment, had I been given even a glimmer of a chance to escape- things would have ended altogether differently for Tobias! I wanted to toy with him I desired no I yearned to hear him scream in agony as well as pleasure!Hmm the things i would have done to Tobias Alas it was not to be *sigh* I digress allow me to gather my thoughts for a moment and I will continue.

Like I was saying when one really gets down to it I am undeniably truthful and as relationships goes this is an extremely good one!

February 21st 1999
The Red Haired Vixen: Tobias

Delicious you've never felt so alive!
Delicious you've never felt so thrilled!
You feel his blood pulsing through your veins
Delicious you've never felt so wicked!
Choices Alastair Choices!
Do you leave him?
Do you take him?
Oh! Look at him so peaceful
Oh! Look at such beauty
Tobias you witch you fiend!
What am I to do?
Don't you make a sight!
The direct Alastair- Directionless!
What do you want Alastair?
Yes what do I want?
I want this mortal without question
But what do I crave more his beauty or his blood?
Choices Alastair Choices!
Do you leave him?
Do you take him?
Tobias you witch you fiend! 
Dare I take him?
Dare I make him what I am?
This beast- This monster
This night time prowler
I want him,
I want him
DAMN IT I WANT HIM!
I DESERVE HIM!
HE IS MINE- I CLAIM HIM
I WANT HIM
Oh! Tobias you witch you fiend
Oh! Alastair you selfish creature!

Signed the Beast within: The Vampire Alastair

Now I would like to say first of all there is nothing wrong with being a vampire and I resent being called a monster- I am at the top of the food chain baby its all about survival of the fittest, Carpe Diem and all that jazz! I mean its totally hypocritical calling me the monster considering you humans aren't satisfied unless you've figured out new and effective ways to kill each other. Don't believe me just look at the evolution of weapons I mean you certainly have progressed fabulously from throwing spears at your enemies now all you creatures have to do is push a button and you wipe out half the globe with a nuclear bomb and yet I'm the monster! 

I mean you beasts were happy to enslave a whole race of people (not just once might I add) just because of the colour of their skin or their religion. You brutes are happy to live your sickeningly decadent lifestyles with not even the faintest remembrance that there are people in the world denied the basic rights of your kind- *sigh* there you are looking at the pages wondering what the hell I've just said not understanding what I mean about basic rights. What I mean you clueless oafs is the rights to a better quality and standard of life and yet im the beast.

You humans multiply at an exponential rate using the resources in one area until completion and then moving on to "greener pastures" and im the evil one! HA! News flash kiddies the only other organism that conducts itself the way you do is a DISEASE! And I'm the bad guy because I do away with a few of your kind and happen to enjoy it puh-lease!