 ~ Thanks for all your advice and votes on the first part of this story. Here's the second part - hope it's even better! Again, feedback would be appreciated. Sapphire ~

*

The next morning, Jason woke up with a pounding headache. He groaned and rolled over, and his morning immediately took a turn for the worse. Not only had he overslept, but he'd had a wet dream - evidenced by the large damp patch on his sheets. He sighed. For heaven's sake, he wasn't a horny teenager anymore. He threw off the covers and stumbled into the shower, where the hot jets of water slowly began to wake him up. He cast his mind back to the events of the previous evening. After he and Alex had...well, whatever that had done, Jason had found Sam and they'd hit the nearest bar. Several shots and too many cocktails later, Jason had made his way home after realising that no amount of alcohol was going to help him with the whirlwind of emotions coursing through his body. 

That he was attracted to Alex was obvious - the thought of his soft hair and bulging muscles alone gave Jason butterflies. But was the feeling mutual? And did Alex's dad know about his son's preference for guys? There was also the major question which scared Jason so much that he didn't even want to think about it. What if Alex wasn't gay, and had just been experimenting or messing around? But then Jason remembered how hard Alex had been - there was no way he could have faked that. 

The memory of Alex's warm mouth around his cock began to arouse Jason again, and as he recalled Alex's beauty, his cock began to stiffen. Slowly he ran his hand down his torso and then gripped his lengthening member, massaging it softly and then with increased urgency as he thought of the duke's son giving himself the same treatment. Before Jason knew it, his balls tightened and he braced himself against the shower wall as he came, grunting and thrusting his hips as semen spurted out of him in thick, white ropes. It had been a while since Jason had brought himself to a climax so quickly, which only meant one thing. He was falling for Alex.

By the time Jason had cleaned himself up properly and semi-jogged it to the palace, he was half an hour late and Mrs Hughes was not impressed. She sent him straight down to the laundrette to collect new sheets for the Duke of Camber's suite. Jason swallowed. He wasn't sure if he was ready to face Alex yet. 

"Will I be assisting the Duke and his son all day?" he asked in what he hoped was a neutral voice. 

"I've been informed that the Duke will be in meetings all day, and the Prince has taken his son out hunting. They're not due to return until the evening. Don't worry though, I have plenty of other chores to keep you busy," replied Mrs Hughes.

"Glad to hear it!" said Jason, a huge smile of relief breaking out on his face. Mrs Hughes gave him a strange look and he hurried off before she decided to lecture him on the honours of serving a royal family. 

Thankfully, it seemed as though Mrs Hughes's source of information had been accurate -- Jason was not summoned by his charges all day. And true to her word, Mrs Hughes kept him busy sweeping floors, preparing more suites, carrying up luggage for yet more guests and at one point, she even threatened to make him polish all the silverware when he teased her about going overboard for the upcoming feast. 

Later in the day, Jason was making his way across the main hallway when he heard cheerful voices drifting through the open front doors. He glanced out and his stomach flipped as he recognised the Prince and Alex walking up the driveway. The setting sun was casting a soft orange glow over the men, and as Alex laughed at something the prince had said, he looked positively angelic. Jason was so lost in admiring the duke's son that he didn't think to make himself scarce before he was forced to talk to Alex and by the time he realised this, it was too late. Alex stepped through the doorway and caught sight of Jason. A flurry of emotions flickered across his face -- Jason recognised surprise, joy and a hint of fear. Before he could say anything though, the prince followed behind him and catching sight of Jason, said,

"Ah, that's your valet! He'll run you a hot bath, God knows you're going to need it after the way you rode today." He clapped Alex on the back and after an expectant look at Jason, strode off in the opposite direction. 

There wasn't much Jason would have refused to do for Alex as he stood there looking flushed from the exercise, spattered in mud, wearing tight form-fitting breaches and knee-high riding boots. Alex cleared his throat but Jason spotted a maid heading towards them and before the duke's son could say anything damning, he quickly stepped forward. 

"I'll run you that bath then, shall I?" he asked, and leapt up the stairs without glancing back to see if Alex was following, or indeed waiting to hear if he even wanted a bath. 

The tub was almost full and the bathroom was hot and steamy before Alex ventured in, and Jason was relieved and only slightly disappointed that he was still fully clothed. He avoided eye contact as he pretended to test the temperature of the water and add some more bubble soap before turning off the taps and turning round. He found Alex staring straight at him, the same intense expression on his face that Jason was growing to love. 

"Look Jason, about yesterday..." Alex began. He glanced away then, and shifted from one foot to the other. Jason realised that he clearly wasn't very experienced with this, but decided that he wasn't going to help him out. This was his chance to get some answers, and he wanted to hear what Alex had to say. Eventually, Alex broke the silence again.

"I don't really know what came over me, to be honest. It's just, you're a really good-looking guy and I'm a risk taker so I thought I'd try my chances. I'm glad I did." Here, Alex grinned, and Jason's heart soared with hope. 

"But it was a one off, obviously...it can't happen again," he continued, and Jason suddenly felt as though he'd been stabbed. "I'm usually straight you see."

Jason stared at Alex, not really seeing him, as his words sunk in. Then he realised that Alex had fallen quiet and was waiting for a response.

"Right, yeah," Jason mumbled. The bathroom suddenly seemed too small and confined for the two of them. "I'll be back in an hour to drain the tub," he said, and pushed past Alex as he all but ran from the bathroom. Out in the cool hallway, Jason took several deep breaths to calm himself down. He felt angry and betrayed, even though he knew that he was being over-sensitive. He'd had one-night stands before, and he'd been perfectly happy to move on from those without any expectations. So what was going on here? Jason ran his hands through his hair, a sense of frustration building up inside him. He'd known nothing serious could ever happen with Alex -- besides anything else, he was royalty. It was stupid to have read into the previous evening's events, they'd only given him false hopes. 

An hour later, Jason dragged his feet upstairs to the Duke's suite. He knocked and heard Alex call, 'Come!' Gladly, for you, thought Jason as he entered the room. Alex was standing facing the window, but turned as Jason entered. He was wearing nothing but a bathrobe and his hair was tousled and damp from his bath. Jason swallowed and, feeling his dick twitch, he quickly headed straight for the bathroom. He drained the tub and removed the various bottles of products from the side. As he went to replace them in the cupboard, he glanced in the mirror and saw Alex leaning against the doorway, watching him. They held each other's gaze for a moment before Alex spoke. 

"Do I make you nervous?"

Jason raised an eyebrow. Time to exercise his lying skills. 

"Not particularly," he said, trying to keep his voice steady. "I guess after yesterday, I'm just a bit unsure of where I stand with you." He closed the cupboard and took a step towards Alex. "Do I make you nervous?"

Alex smiled and Jason's heart melted at how cute this guy was.

"No," said Alex in a husky voice. "You make me hard." 

He closed the distance between them and planted his lips on Jason's. For a second, Jason resisted because he knew that to Alex, this was just a bit of fun, but as Alex's hands ran through his hair and pulled him closer, Jason gave in. He wrapped his arms around Alex and returned the kiss with equal passion, forcing his tongue inside Alex's mouth and exploring every inch of it. Alex groaned and slipped off Jason's jacket before tugging at his shirt collar. Jason broke off the kiss.

"Gently," he whispered, "I don't have a spare here." He undid the awkward buttons, which took longer than usual as his hands were shaking with desire, but finally the shirt was off and Alex was running his hands up and down his hard torso. 

"God, you're ripped," said Alex admiringly. 

"You're not so bad yourself," replied Jason as he untied the belt of the bathrobe and nudged it open. He hadn't had a chance to really look at Alex last time, and he took the opportunity now. Although Alex didn't have washboard abs, his stomach was hard and flat, and his chest was covered in a soft down of fine, blond hair. Jason raked his fingers through the hair, dragging them across Alex's hard nipples and tracing the line of hair down to his groin. Alex sighed and Jason watched as his dick stiffened and lengthened to a full erection. It was a beautiful thing, at least 8 inches long, thick and throbbing with need. Jason gently ran his hands along it and he heard Alex's breathing grow ragged. He looked up and Alex nodded.

Jason took Alex's hand and led him out of the bathroom into Alex's bedroom. There, he pulled off Alex's robe and was momentarily stunned by the other man's naked beauty. Then, he gently pushed Alex back onto the king-sized bed and softly murmured,

"You're beautiful."

"God, Jason, you're so fucking hot. I need you," Alex whispered. 

Jason needed no more encouragement. After a passionate kiss, he began to move down Alex's body. He wanted to pleasure Alex like he'd never had it before, wanted to make him come so bad that he screamed Jason's name. Jason planted soft kisses in the hollow of Alex's neck and inhaled the scent of fresh citrus. 

"You smell good," he said into Alex's neck. Alex arched his back, pressing himself against Jason but Jason pushed him back down. 

"Shh, all in good time." 

Alex relaxed and sank back down, but his submission only turned Jason on even more. He took a few deep breaths to control himself and then kissed his way down Alex's chest. He paused at the nipples and took first the right, and then the left nipple into his mouth, flicking his tongue around the nub, teasing it, whilst twisting the other one with his hand, and enjoyed feeling them harden. Alex shifted and Jason bit down on the left nipple. It wasn't a hard bite, but it was enough to make Alex grunt in surprise. Jason moved down, leaving a trail of kisses along his way until he finally came to Alex's fully erect, pulsing member. 

He ran his fingers along the underside of the shaft and then, without warning, enveloped the whole thing in his mouth, taking Alex in all the way. Alex gasped and thrust forward into Jason's mouth, and Jason immediately withdrew. 

"No, don't stop!" cried Alex. Jason smiled and slowly flicked his tongue into the slit at the head, licking the pearls of pre-come that were dribbling out. He savoured the sweet taste before wrapping his mouth around the head and then withdrawing. Then he went down on Alex again, a bit further this time, before withdrawing again. He continued for a while, not taking Alex in all the way, even though he desperately wanted to. But he needed to hear Alex beg for it. He tugged at Alex's balls, and quickly sucked each one before licking the velvety soft skin on the underside of the shaft, at its base. Alex groaned and Jason blew cool air onto the wet cock. 

"Don't fucking tease me, Jason," growled Alex. Jason sat back and smirked.

"Then what should I do?" he asked, meeting Alex's gaze. 

"Make me come," said Alex, as he looked straight into Jason's eyes. 

Jason lowered his mouth onto Alex's hard dick and took it into his mouth, deep-throating him. He slowly pulled back and then said,

"Like that?"

Alex was silent for a moment and when he spoke, his voice was strained.

"Yes...please."

Jason smiled and then began to deliver the best blowjob Alex would ever receive. He took Alex's member in his mouth and ran his tongue around it. As he began to fuck Alex's cock with his mouth, he nudged Alex's legs further apart and raised his fingers to Alex's mouth. Alex sucked on them obediently, and then Jason slipped his hand into Alex's crack. Alex stiffened but Jason continued sucking on his cock and soon Alex was moaning with desire. Jason found the ring of muscle with his fingers and teased it before gently slipping a wet finger into the hole. Alex bucked and groaned, his hands gripping the bed covers.

"God, don't stop," he begged as he writhed at Jason's ministrations. Jason felt Alex's balls tightening and knew he was close. He twisted his finger inside Alex's hole and sucked harder on his cock, whilst lifting his free hand to Alex's left nipple and pinching it. Alex felt as though his body was on fire with pain and pleasure and every conscious thought left his mind. All he knew was that he was going to come, and he was going to come hard.

"Oh my God," he panted. "Oh my fucking...I'm going to...I'm going come Jason!" 

Jason increased his speed on Alex's cock and as he felt it expand inside his mouth, he withdrew his fingers. 

"Jason!" Alex cried, and he thrust forward, pushing his dick down Jason's throat, and released a thick stream of semen. Jason swallowed and the sucking motion drew out another spurt from Alex, along with another loud moan of desire. Jason savoured the moment of seeing Alex spread-eagled on the bed, completely helpless as Jason bobbed up and down between his legs. Alex shot his load over and over into Jason's mouth, and Jason swallowed every single drop of Alex's salty and slightly bitter come, milking him until his dick went limp. He licked up all the remaining trickles that had escaped before kissing his was back up Alex's torso which was now covered in a sheen of sweat.

He gently kissed Alex on the lips and Alex nervously pushed his tongue into Jason's mouth, wanting to taste himself. After a long kiss, Jason pulled back and Alex closed his eyes, a smile playing on his lips. 

"That was so good. I've never had such an intense orgasm. I'm utterly spent, I can't move. Damn Jason." 

Jason smiled and gently stroked Alex's hair.

"It was my pleasure."

They lay quietly for a minute before Alex gave a low chuckle. 

"I wish my father would walk in now and see this. He'd flip if he thought I was gay. Actually, maybe I should pretend I am -- that would finally tip him over the edge."

Jason sat up too quickly, making the room spin. But his mind was spinning faster. This guy had just come for him, he'd begged for it, and now he was denying that he was gay?! What the hell? Jason's bubble of contentment burst as he came crashing back to reality and he pushed himself off the bed. Alex opened his eyes and struggled into a sitting position. 

"Shit, I'm sorry Jason, I didn't mean-"

"Forget it," said Jason curtly as he went to the bathroom to retrieve his shirt and jacket. He pulled them on and smoothed his hair in the mirror before stepping back out. Alex had come into the main room and was trying to look innocent as he stood there, completely naked. Jason's unsatisfied erection was throbbing in his pants, causing a very noticeable bulge. He saw Alex glance at it, which only made him angrier. He strode past the duke's son towards the door but Alex grabbed his wrist.

"Jason, just listen!" he tried.

Jason spun round to face him, fury in his eyes. 

"Next time you want a blow-job, just ask one of the maids. I'm sure they'd be more than happy to oblige," he spat. He wrenched his arm free of Alex's grip and stormed out of the suite, leaving Alex feeling somewhat bewildered, his soft dick hanging limply between his legs.