  Author's note: If you are here now, you need to read Frat House Troopers by Xavier Mayne first, otherwise this story will make no sense at all. The characters and storyline in this series are made to fit together with Frat House Troopers.

The characters and story are used with Xavier Mayne's permission. Thank you, XM, for letting me borrow Brandt and Donnelly :)

Please be warned, this series contains scenes of a graphic nature involving male on male sex. If this is not for you, don't read and don't complain. I did warn you :) This story is purely fictional, in real life safe sex is critical and essential! Any scenes without the use of condoms are not intended to promote unprotected sex but to maintain the flow of prose.

Enjoy! 

 *

The day of the auction was hell.

Donnelly had called Brandt first thing to let him know where the bidding was at because Ethan flat-out refused to look for himself. When Donnelly had gone to bed the night before, the bidding was at US$15,080. When he woke up the next morning, it had jumped to $16,375. The troopers were biting their nails.

They had agreed that Donnelly would stay home and continue bidding with no distractions and he had called upon the tech guys at work to help him get set up properly. Walters came over early to set up a satellite link to the internet to avoid lag times on page loading and to cope with the video relay chat should Donnelly win the auction. He also installed a custom-built bidding program that would out-perform the many programs designed to win auctions on eBay. So unless there was a world-class hacker bidding from inside the CIA building itself, Walters pretty much guaranteed Donnelly would be able to respond to outbids faster than anyone. As long as Donnelly kept an eye on the time and the money didn't exceed the budget, there was no reason he wouldn't win. Still, it was one of the most nerve-wracking days Donnelly had experienced since he'd joined the State Police.

Around noon, he found himself cracking up from the pressure, sorely tempted to consume serious quantities of alcohol. With no relief in sight, he decided—shamefully—that there was really only one thing that would help. Taking a break from the auction, he navigated to the Str8FratDudes page with Brandt's video on it—the URL of which he now knew by heart—and tugged open his fly. 

Donnelly got hard within seconds, just from thinking of what he was about to do—yet again—and when the video once more began to play, he grabbed his cock and started rubbing, his dribbling pre-cum lubing up the shaft quite nicely. Alive with pleasure, Donnelly stared lustfully at Brandt fisting his big, heavy dick furiously in the shower scene of the video. The wet, clicking sounds of Donnelly's hand sliding up his veined penis, over the flared ridge of his cock head and back down, blended with his shuddering breaths. 

Donnelly's autoerotic session the night before had opened the floodgates of his subconscious, and now that he'd admitted to himself that yes, he was gay and definitely in love with Brandt, Donnelly entertained all these new thoughts and fantasies while he masturbated. For the first time, he fantasised about actually having sex with his partner.

In his mind, Brandt was stretched out naked on a bed while, lying in between his legs, Donnelly sucked on that beautiful, hard cock until it flooded his mouth with cum. He imagined kneeling behind his best friend who moaned for him on hands and knees. He saw himself prying apart Brandt's muscular butt cheeks, gazing at his hot, puckered hole, so ready to be fucked by Donnelly's aching prick. He fantasised watching as his dick plunged into Brandt's tight virgin ass, holding his hips and pulling him back onto his cock repeatedly. 

Most surprising and frightening of all of these strange, new thoughts was where Donnelly was the one who lay flat on his back, legs open wide, with Brandt first licking his anus, fingering him and finally sliding his penis inside Donnelly's ass, slowly thrusting in and out while Donnelly begged him to fuck faster, fuck harder. 

It shocked him because nothing had been up there beyond a doctor's prostate-probing finger and he couldn't imagine Brandt's dick in there feeling anything but uncomfortable. And yet, he longed to be joined to Brandt in that way, to feel Ethan's hard penis moving inside him, see his beautiful face transformed into disbelieving ecstasy as he came harder than ever before. 

Minutes after he decided to masturbate, minutes into watching Brandt's hand pumping his throbbing cock on camera, Donnelly cried out his partner's name and semen exploded from the tip of his penis in wet, white ribbons while he rode the twenty-foot waves of an intense orgasm. 

It was one of those days, when Brandt's near-climax in the shower had been more than enough to trip Donnelly into cumming. With the edge now taken off, he felt loads—ha ha!—better, able to focus on the auction. Except for those fifteen minutes, Donnelly's eyes hadn't left the bidding counter all day. 

Brandt called late in the afternoon, near the end of the auction, to check in and to tell Donnelly that he was on his way over to the frat house. The bidding had jumped to $18,635 and Brandt was panicked. At this point Donnelly wasn't worried but there was nothing he could say to make his partner feel better short of giving away his secret about the extra money, which he was so not ready to do yet. He tried to reassure Brandt anyway, without much success.

"Easy for you to say! You aren't the one who has to jerk off in front of some random pervert wearing a only piece of dental floss between my ass cheeks and half a sock over my cock and balls!" Ethan complained, which gave Donnelly a mental image and yet another freakin' hard-on. Don't worry, you'll be jerking off for me instead, baby. Oooh fuck.

"C'mon, bab—Brandt. Calm down." Shit. Donnelly nearly fucked up again. He wasn't going to be able to keep a lid on this much longer, he also wasn't so sure things would go back to normal once this case was done, at least not in his heart, in his head or with his dick.

"I'm calm, I'm calm. Shit." Brandt sighed.

"Heh, yeah. See you on the other end of the line."

"Yeah. Here's hoping. See ya."

---

Five minutes until the close of bidding and Donnelly was now panicked as well. The price had reach $20,790 and he didn't know what to do—wait until the last second of bidding and bump it slightly higher, leaving no time for anyone else to outbid him, or lay it all on the line, all $24k, and hope that the massive jump would knock everyone out at once with no time to recover. Troopers, however, thought on their feet and had good instincts and Donnelly's gut was telling him to lay it all on the line.

With shaking hands, he typed in his maximum bid, hit enter and waited. Heart pounding in his throat, Donnelly watched the bidding counter and the forum posts. One went completely dead while the other exploded with activity. Two minutes, fifty-three seconds...

One minute, twenty-seven...

Sixteen seconds...

C'mon, c'mon...

**THE AUCTION IS NOW CLOSED**

Taking the first deep breath in nearly an hour, Donnelly stared at the screen. There were fifty-eight new forum messages...

"Dude, WTF?! $24k????"

"OMG. I can't match that without speaking 2 my goddam TF advisr."

"Well, bravo. Mason is def. 24 karat gold."

...and the closing bid was $24,000.

Holy shit. I won.

His shock was interrupted by an email alert. It was from the house, congratulating him on his win, listing the IP address for the weblink and login details for this special session, as well as the number of an escrow account in which to deposit the money. The video date would commence in one hour's time. Donnelly picked up his phone to send a text, but with a smile, he changed his mind and decided to surprise Ethan. 

When he put the phone back down, it rang, giving him one hell of a fright. Get a grip, Gabriel.

"Donnelly here," he announced, answering the phone.

"Well?" It was the Chief.

"Uh, yeah. I won."

"Don't you mean we won, trooper?" It was hard to tell when the Chief was amused, but Donnelly thought he detected a smirk on the other end. 

"Uh, yeah. Of course, that's what I meant. Um." Gabriel's face blushed in embarrassment.

The Chief knew something was up with Donnelly but he also knew that if it had anything to do with the case, Donnelly would say something. Clearly, it was none of his business. However, the Chief wasn't above a little teasing now and then.

"Uh huh. Well, I'll put you through to Walters to arrange the transfer of funds. Have fun, trooper," the Chief signed off, his amusement obvious this time.

"Uh, thanks, Chief." 

Donnelly waited on the line for Walters and a few seconds later...

"What's up, Donnelly?"

"Hey, Walters. We need to transfer the money into the house's escrow account."

"Right. What's the final amount?"

"Twenty-four large."

Walters whistled appreciatively. "For twenty-four grand, you'd better be gettin' some from Brandt."

Donnelly's whole body tensed. "What the fuck's that supposed to mean?" he snapped.

"Whoa! Calm down, cowboy! High strung much? Jeez, I was only fucking with you! Uh, why don't you just give me the account number and we can get that money sorted for you. Yes?"

Swearing at himself for being so tightly wound, Donnelly mumbled an apology and rattled off the account details and then waiting for Walters to do his thing.

"Okay, buddy. All set. The money's in the account. Twenty-four thousand US dollars."

"Thanks."

"Want me to hack into the feed and record it? In case they need it for evidence?" the Statey Tech Officer asked.

"NO! " Donnelly cried out in alarm. Fuck, no! "I mean, no thank you, Walters. That won't be necessary."

"Alright, alright. Take a chill pill and relax, dude. The hard part's over. Just have a good time with your partner, man." Again with the innuendo. 

With a curt goodbye, Donnelly signed off and raked his hands through his short, straight black hair. He needed to get ready for the video date. He had forty-five minutes until Brandt signed on to the session. It's just chess with Brandt. Calm down. You aren't actually going to do the sex. Nonetheless, Donnelly decided to take a shower and change. It had been a long day and he was ready to relax.

Under the hot water, Donnelly sighed, squeezing out some body wash and rubbing himself down. His mind was occupied with the hour he was about to spend with Brandt. 

Over the years as partners at work, they'd grown awfully close, officially labelling each other best friends. Donnelly loved spending time with Brandt. Ethan was smart and funny and they had so much in common. It was a wonder Donnelly hadn't introduced Ethan to his family sooner. On hindsight, this case probably wasn't the best timing, with Brandt so distracted and all, but it had worked out okay and they had enjoyed themselves with Will, Lucas, Chris and the kids. With a pang, Donnelly wished his brother could've been there. He and his life partner would've drooled all over Ethan. They could've drooled together.

As he washed, Donnelly absently started teasing his cock to hardness. He hadn't intended to jerk off again but after the last few hours, Donnelly admitted he could do with some relief. Again. With a sigh, he gripped his cock a little tighter, unsurprised to find it completely erect after only a minute of touch. Lately that thing had been wired to harden at the drop of a hat.

This time though, he decided to experiment a little. With one hand firmly on his wet, slippery cock, Donnelly reached behind with the other to delve into his crack. With a sharp gasp, he discovered the area around his anus was surprisingly sensitive. He teased around the hole with his fingertips, enjoying the apparent connection between his ass and his cock, leisurely stroking his shaft.

"Oh my god, feels good..." Who'da thunk it?

With a soft grunt, he pushed his finger inside, wincing a little at the stretch. Again, he was surprised at the sensation. It was a full feeling but oddly pleasurable and the more he pushed inside, the more he itched to be filled. With a groan, Donnelly began pumping his finger in and out of his asshole, growing more aggressive with each thrust.

"OOHHHFUCK'NSHIT! What the fuck was that?" Donnelly struck something inside himself that sent a bolt of lightning to his cock. It felt...fucking incredible. So he did it again. "Ohh god yes..."

Lost in his self-discovery, Donnelly pulled on his penis in time with the plunges inside his ass, squeezing the head at the same time he hit that magic spot. With a low groan, he rocked his hips, fucking up into his hand and back onto his finger, and in record time, he felt his balls drawing up close to his body, a quivering in his lower belly that meant only one thing—he was going to cum. Spectacularly.

"Ohhh my god...oh, fuck, here it comes..."

With a cry, he jerked and a pulse of hot semen shot out a lot futher than usual. He was in ecstasy! His ass muscles clamped down on his finger in time with the blasts of cum and his mindless groans.

Ohhgod, I am so gay. I have got to do this to Brandt, he's gonna love it.

Except he probably wouldn't. Ethan's not gay, remember?

Ohh, he'd consider it if you did something to him that felt this good.

Donnelly's orgasm died off and left him slumped against the tiles, trying to get his breath back.

Shit.

---

Two minutes to the uplink and Donnelly was still on the phone with Walters sorting out technical shit. The video link setup had been deployed five minutes before and the first test of the webcam had failed so Donnelly was stuffing around with cables, getting frustrated.

Finally, Walters gave him some good news.

"Okay, buddy, I'm getting a picture of your bed and...what's that? A chess board?" he remarked with a giggle.

"Are we good to go or not?" Donnelly growled, his tone stating clearly that his bed and everything on it was none of Walters's business.

"Yeah, we're good. Best of luck, buddy. Give Brandt a big, fat, wet kiss for me."

"Yeah, thanks." Donnelly mashed the button on the phone and ran to the kitchen for a glass of water, hurrying back as fast as he could.

When he finally sat on the bed, leaving the glass on the bedside table, Brandt's image was clearly displayed on the laptop screen. Donnelly's heart leapt.

There was a minute or two of awkward silence as Brandt processed the surprise that it was Donnelly who'd in fact won the auction and Donnelly just gazed at the man he now realised beyond doubt he'd fallen in love with.

"Hi, I'm Mason," Brandt said, so quietly Donnelly wondered for a second if there was a problem with the sound.

"Hi, Mason, I'm pleased to meet you," he joked, playing along with the charade. Only Brandt wasn't smiling. In fact he looked like he was about to throw up and his eyes constantly flickered off camera.

"So. What's your name?" Brandt asked.

Huh? 

"Gabriel," he replied tentatively. Something was very wrong. Donnelly's instincts flared up and he tried to look for signs that something had changed.

"So, Gabriel, what do you want me to do?"

Donnelly's mind went a little weird. For a moment he wasn't sure whether he was asleep or awake. Brandt's words echoed those of his fantasy from the night before so closely, Donnelly had to question his sanity.

"I thought we were going to play chess," he said unsteadily.

Brandt laughed a brittle laugh. "You didn't pay all that money to play chess, did you? No, I think what you wanted was some of this."

Brandt tore off his shirt and flexed his muscles, an intense look in his eyes. Donnelly was robbed of coherent thought in one instant. Oh my god. So fucking hot...

He knew there was something important he had to be worrying about, but in the face of all his partner's hotness, Donnelly couldn't for the life of him remember what that was.

"Do you like what you see?" Brandt asked, his voice the kind of sultry that only appeared in Donnelly's fantasies.

"Um, yes?" Donnelly answered. What the hell is going on? It felt like he'd walked into one of his wet dreams except that Brandt was obviously extremely tense. His partner was clearly trying to show him something and it wasn't just his naked flesh. So why doesn't Brandt just say something?

"Great. Then how about we get more comfortable?" Brandt undid the top button of his shorts and Donnelly swore he'd just died of a heart attack, except one part of his anatomy was still very much alive and wanting to do its job. As Brandt unzipped his shorts, slowly sliding them off his long muscular legs, Donnelly shifted on the bed and for the third time today, his body prepared itself for sex.

Oh fuck. The red jock. He's wearing the... 

"Wow," Donnelly gasped.

"Like it? It's new."

"I didn't think you'd be wearing the red one." In his fantasy, Brandt had been wearing the white one. But the red one, it drew his eyes like blood at a crime scene, impossible to look away from, cradling Ethan's cock and balls like a silk hammock. Donnelly stared at Brandt's crotch. The gentle sway of his package was hypnotic.

"A friend of mine helped pick it out. I wanted a regular white one, but he liked this one so I decided to wear it instead."

"Well, your friend has good taste," Donnelly smiled weakly. He was desperately trying to keep his head. For some reason, Brandt was determined to stay in character. It seemed important so Donnelly played along but damn, this situation was so close to the scene he'd jerked off to last night that whatever Brandt was trying to tell him just wasn't getting through the growing haze of lust clouding Donnelly's mind. C'mon, think. Concentrate, asshole!

"Wait until you see the back," Brandt said sexily, before slowly turning away from the camera. 

That's when the penny dropped. Something had been nagging at Donnelly since the session began and he only just figured out what it was. From the very beginning, Brandt had been glancing behind and to the left of the camera every few seconds. Had it not been for his fantasy playing out right in front of him, Donnelly would've figured out much sooner that there was someone else in the room with Brandt. Someone he couldn't see.

Sucking in a horrified gasp, several things happened in his head at once. Surprise, obviously, and shock. Then supreme discomfort at having an unknown voyeur watching his private moment with Brandt. Hot on the heels of that was fierce jealousy and rage. How dare he watch my partner getting naked!

And last but not least, the final realisation as Brandt flexed his gorgeous ass. We're doing this for real. Oh god, we're really gonna do this for real!

"Oh, man, you are so hot," Donnelly murmured on autopilot as he tried to process this new development.

"Thank you," Brandt responded to his compliment, facing the camera again. "You aren't so bad yourself."

Donnelly's mind was back to working again, and working furiously it was. First off, he was relieved that he wouldn't have to watch his words now. He could say what he had longed to say to Ethan since the day he'd first watched the video. Second, he realised he now had to watch his words in a whole other way, being careful not to betray their familiarity or compromise the investigation to whomever was observing their 'date'.

After that, he noticed that Brandt was visibly calmer after seeing that they were now both on the same page. Lastly, he panicked about what to do. Obviously Donnelly was now on the stage as well and expected to give a performance. Their watcher would know something was wrong if Donnelly didn't act like a guy who'd paid $24k to watch another guy jerk off. And that meant he had to...
