 This is the third part of my little story and again I must tell you that as with all my work it is based on actual experience. The feelings I try to give are the feelings I felt, I write it from my perspective as me, Leanne.

Some people have written some nasty comments to my previous parts, but hey ho, I have also had some lovely support. I have now changed this category from BDSM to Gay Male and I've done that not to mislead those who perhaps didn't expect those things in my little story. Another story entirely would be that I was never gay in my mind before my experience and I do touch on that in this piece. I hope you read this and get a tiny piece of enjoyment from it. Please comment as usual, it's your comments that encourage me to continue. 

*****

The voice, was sudden, breaking the silence, it made him jump. It was electronic, yet soft and ungendered almost frighteningly alien in his ear

"Good girl", the synthesised sound almost feminine hiding any clue to its owner, there was a pause, the quiet closing in again then, "Leanne, do you want my cock?" the words were spoken slowly, a whispering silicon gender less sound invoking fear, threat and yet that stupid submissive excitement.

He was trembling again, the insufferable arousal growing until he found himself nodding almost imperceptibly,...

"Leanne?" the questioned sound but a buzzing vibration in his head.

He nodded again almost fearfully.

The electronic voice no more than a whisper, a breath in his ear, 

"You know you must earn it Leanne", again the pause, the silence making the words eat into his brain, 

"I have some presents for you first", the silence seemed to go on longer this time, a silence leaving him quivering at the frightening thoughts created by those words that were going round and round in his head. 

"Are you going to be a good girl for me?" that electronic voice sounding almost evil now.

It was sending his heartbeat fluttering in that mixture of dread, fear and excitement that they both knew he couldn't escape from. Inside his head he was screaming, no, no you must, you can't, stop it don't do it, but then he nodded, almost imperceptibly, a fearful trembling nod.

A hand slid over his bare leg and he felt himself turned onto his back, the carpeted floor against his heated buttocks. Fingers slipped over the satin panties and finding the waist sliding them slowly down to his thighs, slowly, maddeningly slowly, revealing his fearful flaccid, yet maddeningly tingling almost throbbing "clit". He felt the visitor's fingers touching him there, lifting, feeling, it made him shrink in fear of what might happen, yet the top of his clit tingled in wanton desire almost begging to be stroked. Something was touching him, slipping over him there, a tight ring through which his sex was pushed and pulled, the discomfort in his testicles as they too were squeezed and pushed through, he knew now, he suddenly remembered, a terrible realisation that this was the threatened chastity the visitor had chatted so persuasively about.He couldn't suppress that gasped moan into the ballgag at the eroticism of what was now actually happening, yet deep down, the awful implications of it frightened him enormously.

Again that disorientated electronic voice, that whispering his ear, the sound instilling fear by its disembodiment. 

"You love this don't you Leanne?"

He whimpered, then moaned again to the touch as it teased him, then stopping.

"Don't you Leanne?" the words were enforced waiting his reply.

He couldn't stop his slight nod, as he felt himself almost panting into his ballgag.

"Good girl" each electronic word only seeming to increase his trepidation

His clit felt enclosed now, trapped in something plastic which was tight, restricting, preventing, yet building his arousal at the feeling. The hands slipped around and behind his head, they slid over and found the tie on his blindfold. 

"So you can see, Just for a little while Leanne." The words seemed to buzz directly in his ear

He felt the tie undone, the blindfold move, the curtains were drawn and the room was in shadows, yet the sudden brightness from the tiny focussed spotlight made him squint, as he blinked nervously through the glare.

In deep shadows, the figure, for that was all he could see, seemed to be masked, the frightening almost inhuman features covering the shape and gender hidden beneath it. The electronic sounds frightening him even more.

"Watch Leanne, watch as I posses your little clit forever"

He whimpered in his terror now, looking down at the terrible terrifying pink plastic chastity enclosing him, the focus of that tiny spotlight, seeing the hands as they appeared almost from nowhere, threading the open lock through the link that would hold it tightly together, then slowly in that blinding silence, the tiny click of its closure like the clang of a prison door in his head at the certain realisation of the visitors threat, the possessing of him.

He whimpered more now unable to stifle the moaning submissive whimper as the visitor slid their hands over their possession, the yearning wanton desperation for touch and release growing by the second, making him tremble and beg uselessly into his ballgag.

"Now You're mine Leanne" the robotic words fuelled his frightened submissive excitement.

He watched trembling as the figure's hands reached down and pulled his pink satin panties back up, covering his chastity, yet enhancing its eroticism as he was framed in the slippy material.

"Remember my promises Leanne?" the voice seemed almost disconnected from the figure kneeling over him. "Remember"

He began to pant in abject fear now, surely the visitor didn't mean...surely it was all fantasy, he was scared, very scared. The visitor reached out of sight behind him, the glint of the small stainless steel box appearing in his hand. He was trembling more and more now, unable to bring his eyes from the terror he prayed was not inside. The box clicked open in the visitor's steady hand, the lid hiding the contents as fingers dipped inside. The appearance of the syringe in shining reflection of the dim light nearly made him faint, his heartbeat skyrocketing, whimpering, trying to form words begging in a mumbling terrified scream into the silencing gag.