 I had invited my friend Yuri to visit for the several days I would be on vacation. He lived several hours away and I lived alone in a nice three bedroom house out, away from the city and other crowded neighborhoods. There was nothing to do as I had no girlfriend and no one to keep me company during my time off and so we both agreed that we would hang out together for the duration. I had left the key under a small stone so he could enter the house while I finished my last day at work. Later that afternoon I arrived home and my vacation began. Yuri had already settled in and made himself at home as I had instructed and even logged on to my computer to surf the web for a while. That alone was something that would come back to change several aspects of my life in the very immediate future.

After I returned home from work, I slipped into my room to change into something more comfortable. We ate dinner, talked and watched some tv. Over the course of the evening, Yuri brought me up to speed on the current "goings on" of his life, relating to me various topics including his job, hobbies and strangely ... his sex life. I was somewhat naive in the area of gay men and I had suspected the Yuri was indeed gay, though I never discussed it with him. Others were in the habit of making jokes about him from time to time, but I never did. We had spent many times together including having worked together at one time, but it wasn't something I spent much time thinking about.

At any rate, a few years had passed since I had moved away but we had still kept in touch with each other and were now reminiscing about times past. After a while Yuri indicated he was getting tired and wanted to lay back and watch a movie until he fell asleep. After excusing himself to his bedroom, he re-emerged in a t-shirt and underwear. It was his underwear that immediately caught my attention, or rather what was in them that did. I had never had a friend or aqcuaintance that wore such unusual underwear, at least that I ever saw, and it was difficult to avert my eyes. They were a sleek silky and SHEER type of what is refered to as a "banana hammock". They were a nice creamy white color that accentuated the shape and size of his penis as well as allow me a glimpse of what he actually possessed, within them. 

As he strode toward me on the couch, I noticed how his bulging package jiggled a little, back and forth with each step he took, his hips slightly swaying as he walked. I briefly looked away so as not to give away the fact that I was staring at his penis. But there was something about it's movement when he walked that seemed to have a strange effect on me. As he reached the couch he sat down and laid back, propping the pillow up behind him. As his body stretched out to recline I again found myself staring at his bulge and as before I could clearly see through the shiny fabric divulging his rather large penis. It's weight and girth were more than the sheer covering could effectively restrain and as he adjusted for comfort, his penis swayed back and forth greatly almost as if it would burst from the garment completely. I turned my head toward the tv and pretended to watch, all the while I could not get the image of his jiggling penis out of my mind.

"Are you comfortable"? I asked and gave a hard swallow.

He looked at me, smiled, replying yes, that he was very comfortable. After he turned his gaze back to the tv I glanced over in his direction and again began to eye his magnificence. I was beginning to feel a strange sensation as I moved my eyes over and over it's length. A sensation that might expose something I recently began to feel with frequent regularity and was quite embarrassed about. I found that I was in the beginning stages of an erection. I couldn't understand my strange fascination or dare I say, attraction to his penis, but I was aware that I was having a reaction to him. I have to admit that my curiosity regarding a homosexual encounter had begun several months before as a result of a dream. 

I was asleep in bed dreaming, that I was asleep in bed. There was, however something very delightful occurring in the dream. I was dreaming that I was being sucked repeatedly, over and over, but in my dream I was asleep. As the dream progressed, I awakened to the fact that I was indeed receiving an incredible blow job, but suddenly in the dream, I realized that I had not awakened to a woman pleasuring me, but in fact it was a man. That is where it became extremely erotic instead of revolting. I was dreaming that a man had crept into my room while I was sleeping and was now orally having his way with my very erect penis. Of course in the real world I was in full erection as I slept, but the dream continued. I felt for sure I was going to cum, just then the alarm went off and I was taken away from that man and his wonderful mouth, awakening to utter disappointment that I had not had the pleasure of release by him.

I assumed that was where the strange fascination would end, back into the recesses of the subconscious, never to be heard from again. Or so I thought. Some time later I was masturbating with my usual fantasy of a woman allowing me access to her wonderfully large and natural breasts. Sometimes it would be a woman I knew or had seen, or someone created in my mind. I may have even had a fantasy or two about my mother. The masturbating continued but was less than satisfying, that is, until I remembered the dream. The very thought of such an encounter was foreign to me and even disgusting, but I began to fantasize any way. The thoughts and images were so taboo and my subconscious fought back. It wasn't until I let go of the fear and disdain that something began to happen. I became extremely hard and turned on as I imagined a man licking my penis and then encompassing me in full suck.

Fantasies like this had since occupied my mind and I found that they became more frequent. In time my fear and disgust gave way to more acceptance and even reciprocation. That is, I went from being pleasured to actually giving it. And beyond that, the act of pleasuring a man soon became my primary desire. What would it be like to touch another man's penis? What would it be like to lick it and then actually put it in my mouth and suck it? Would he actually enjoy it? What would it taste like? These are questions I began to ask myself as the desire became more frequent and more intense. The problem was, though I could easily climax with these fantasies, I always felt unsatisfied when I was completed. The truth was, I didn't know what it would be like to suck a man, I didn't know what his semen would taste like, and I didn't know if I could actually make another man cum.

I became confused about things and at one point I put my thoughts to words in a computer file, then uploaded those words to a gay forum seeking answers. The response was always the same - I should one day try it to be sure. At any rate, the tv show was boring and it wasn't to long before I could hear the rhythmic flow of Yuri's breath. I again glanced over and saw that his eyes were closed, indicating to me that he was asleep. At this time my fear of being caught observing his penis abated and I stared with abandon. I could easily make out the intricate details of his penis, from the bulbous underside of the bell shaped head, all the way down the shaft to his male sack. Quietly I called his name ... he did not stir. I called him again ... nothing. I then began to feel a familiar sensation, the sensation one feels when one is attempting to do something devious. I slowly slid off the couch, careful to make as little noise as possible. 

Upon reaching the floor, I slowly crawled over to him. Sitting there so close I was now afforded a wonderful view of his penis as my own became engorged. I didn't dare touch him, but I sat there for several minutes anxiously craving it, dreaming of doing to him what the man had done to me in that dream months earlier. I knew it would just have to remain a dream and with that I stood up and retired to my bedroom, turning back to have one last look at Yuri and his magnificent penis. Of course I didn't go to sleep that night without having an encounter with him, at least a mental one that is. And as I released my warm liquid all over my hand and body, I quietly called out his name.

I awoke early the next morning and of course with a complete erection. I couldn't remember what I had been dreaming, but it must have been sexual as I was feeling extremely horny. After a long morning pee I exited my bedroom toward the kitchen to get a drink of water. As I passed by the living room, I noticed that Yuri was still asleep on the couch. He had slept there all night I thought. Of course I wasn't going to pass up an opportunity to gaze at him or rather his penis, when I was met with the most incredible surprise ... Yuri was experiencing a state of semi erection. Though not completely at attention, his already large size had increased substantially with a good portion of him protruding from his underwear. I stared longingly from across the room, careful to not wake him and also prolong the sensual joy I began to experience. Once again I felt myself becoming slightly erect and in my mind I desperately tried to reason away these desires but it was an almost impossible task.

The tv was still on and so I decided to turn it off since it was still so early. The sun had yet to rise, but it was near. Slowly I walked over to the tv, my penis slightly protruding in my own underwear as it too wiggled with each step, which only encouraged it's continued arousal. That's OK I thought, since Yuri was still asleep, I was sure to be spared the embarrassment of being noticed. After I switched off the tv I turned and set the remote control down on top of it. In my haste I neglected to watch what I was doing as it slipped off the tv, falling onto the stand below, making a loud crash. just then, Yuri stirred awake and glanced right at me. 

"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you" I said.

"That's alright" he replied and smiled.

I wasn't sure if he was aware that he was partially exposed as he laid there and I tried with all of my mental might not to look down at his engorged nudity, but in the end I failed miserably. I quickly glanced away, blushing, which caught is attention. Laughingly he gasped "whoops" as I returned my eyes toward him. 

"You'd better put that thing away, young man" I said, smiling and in a rather flirtatious tone.

I returned to the kitchen to get that drink of water. I drank it down quickly and placed the glass in the sink. Unbeknownst to me, Yuri had entered the kitchen behind me and was making his way toward the refrigerator as I turned. We accidentally bumped into each other and as a result I felt my still semi-aroused penis rub against his hand. I fluttered slightly, embarrassed for the collision, but pretending not to notice the other contact that had just occurred. Just then I felt an increase of arousal and I knew I had to get out of the kitchen or I would no doubt have to explain the sudden erection I was sure to experience. I tried to cover my embarrassment and my haste to exit the kitchen and I scurried back to my bedroom. I glanced back at Yuri as I closed the door behind me - he was staring at me, with a slight smile.

That was close I thought, as I removed my underwear and shirt preparing to head toward the bathroom for a "cold" shower. It was then that I noticed that there was a rather large wet spot in the front crotch area of my underwear. I gasped with sudden fear at the thought of it being so visible and I was overcome with embarrassment at the thought of Yuri having seen me in such an aroused state. I glanced down at my persistent semi-erection and sure enough, I was dripping relentlessly, the head of my penis shining with lubricant. Just then the door opened and Yuri popped his head in. I was completely caught unaware by his presence and there was nothing I could do being completely exposed.

"Remember, we're going to the museum this morning" he said.

"Uh huh" was all I could sheepishly muster.

"I'm going to hop in the shower now" I stammered.

Yuri smiled and replied, but as he began to back out of the room and shut the door, I could clearly see him look down at my nudity, just as I had done to him, it turned me on even more. My confusion left me motionless, allowing him to take in the sight of me in a state of arousal - I closed my eyes and sighed with admonishment of myself - I almost came right then. Into the shower I went and aggressively masturbated. Images of him laying exposed on the couch filled my mind and within less than a minute I was cumming profusely. What was wrong with me? How is it I am having such intense sexual feeling toward my friend, I thought. He's the one who is gay - not me.

Part II

The day had been pleasant and long and we were both eager to get home for something to eat. Any sensual thoughts about Yuri had abated as I went about the task of making dinner. After a while we had finished dinner and had a little bit of wine. It was starting to get dark and neither of us had any inclination to go out that evening and so we decided to stay in and watch a movie. I suppose it could have been the wine, but I was feeling far less reserved about things and so I took off my shorts and asked Yuri if he minded that I was now quite comfortable lounging around in nothing more than my skivvies.

"Not at all" he replied and smiled.

As I got comfortable with another glass of wine, Yuri left the room for a brief time. Upon his return I could see that he again had stripped down to nothing more than his shirt and another pair of sexy, see-thru bikinis that he had worn the day before. These however, were a pale blue, but just as sensuously form fitting as the previous pair. And as before I could not help but stare at the bulbous shape emminating from them. I was a bit more bold in my gaze, feeling less inhibited as he made his way toward the couch and once again sprawled out on it. After a couple of hours, the movie ended and we found ourselves involved in conversation. 

After a time the topic of sex came up with me asking Yuri some rather unusual questions regarding his sexuality. He was very forthcoming about his likes and dislikes. But it wasn't until he spoke to me about oral pleasure that the conversation stimulated me to seek more information. I began to become increasingly aroused as I continued prodding him with questions and I had subconsciously decided to move things forward in a pathetic attempt the seduce him. The problem was, I had no idea what I was doing and certainly no idea on how to entice him to become open to the possibility of some type of physical interaction. I didn't even know if he found me attractive.

"Why are you asking me these questions?" he asked.

"Just curious" I responded.

Yuri informed me that it had been some time since he had been touched and I explained to him that it was the same for me. As the conversation progressed I became more comfortable with talking about it and finally obtained the courage to become more frank with my questions.

"Can I ask you a personal question"? I asked with a smile and with a degree of giddiness.

"Yes."

"Have you ever allowed a man to touch your cock?"

"Yes" he replied quietly.

"Have you ever had a man suck your cock?"

"Yes" he answered inquisitively

"What's it like?"

"I suppose it is no different than when a women does it - why are you asking me these questions?" he repeated.

"I'm just curious!" I said slightly laughing.

"Oh really?" he asked smiling.

I began to notice that he was now becoming much more forthcoming with his answers, almost as if he knew this may be leading up to something. Acting on that assumption, Yuri then turned to lay on his side facing me, adjusting his legs so that his massive bulge was staring me in the face.

"Have you ever sucked a man's penis?" I asked while allowing my eyes to venture down his body right to the one thing I wanted to look at.

"Yes I have."

"What's it like" I whispered as I continued to stare right at his penis.

My heart was racing at this point and I was visibly shaking as I was now in unfamiliar territory. Yuri could sense both my fear and excitement.

"You want to know what it's like?" he said softly.

I coyly said yes and averted my eyes. 

"You know - there's really only one way to find out." he paused. "Can I tell you a little secret?" he asked.

"Yes!" I said rather enthusiastically.

"When I was on your computer yesterday, I saw that file you wrote about the dream you had."

"WHAT!" I gasped. "You saw that, Oh Yuri, I never meant for that to be seen by anyone, I can't believe this."

"If you never meant it to become known, why have you been asking me all of these questions? It actually makes sense since you've expressed your 'curiosity' and certainly why you have been continuously looking at my cock ever since I got here".

"I don't know what you're talking about" I weakly retorted.

"Of course you do. Do you think I was actually asleep last night when you crawled over to me to stare at it?" "I knew how much you were wanting me - Why do you think I keep wearing these revealing underwear?"

"Because I want you to look." he said.

"Remember this morning" he asked. "In the kitchen, when I bumped into you - do you think that was by accident?" "NO dummy! I was trying to cop a feel - which, was very nice" he laughed. "I saw how revved up you were, I saw the wet spot, and how frazzled you were when you all but ran to your room. I also knew you were about to explode."

"Why do you think I barged into your room when I knew you were undressing?" "HELLO!! I was trying to get something going between us, but I could tell you weren't ready."

I sat there stunned with my eyes wide open as he continued to divulge every nuance of every maneuver he made in every attempt to get me to surrender to the feeling swelling within me. I was shocked and embarrassed that I was so transparent, that I had been found out. But it was during his diatribe that I could see he had come to full erection in expressing his frustration at my inability to act on something I so feverishly wanted. And no matter how hard I tried I could no longer divert my eyes from the massive girth of his huge cock bursting out of those see-thru bikinis. I simply couldn't resist the longing urge any longer and at that moment I threw the pillow from my lap, exposing my very erect and very wet penis. I fell to my knees and crawled over to Yuri sitting there with his legs partially open. Sliding in between them I grasped that beautiful throbbing penis with both hands and looked deeply into his eyes..

"Yuri, I want to give you a blow job - I so want to suck your cock - please let me suck you" I panted.

"Please! I have to know what it's like" I begged.

I leaned in and gently began kissing the tip of his penis through the nagging restriction of his thinly stretched underwear.

"Please!" I whispered.

"OK" he said softly.

Without any further delay, a fantasy I had come to relish had become reality. I pulled at the waist band of his underwear, freeing his immense cock, grasped the base with my hands and voraciously covered the dripping bell-shaped head with my mouth. His semen tasted salty which drove me sexually insane. I slurped and sucked him for several minutes, only releasing him to gasp for breath. I moaned with delicious elation with each pull of my mouth, each time repeating the action and swirling my tongue on the underside of the head. Yuri moaned and shook his head from side to side, I knew I was pleasuring him and that turned me on with such intensity that I felt myself beginning to climax. I didn't want that to happen for fear of loosing the drive to finish with him. But there was no stopping it, I had begun to cum - which was a first for me. That is, I had never been able to cum without direct stimulation - until now. I was in ecstacy.
