 I was cutting the grass on a hot July afternoon, trying to think up an excuse to quit, when I looked up my driveway. 

Joe, a good buddy I know from work was just pulling in, in his old beat up car. I knew and bull shitted with a lot of guys from work but Joe was special. Through the years, we had shared a lot of personal stories in private, about ourselves, life in general, woman, sex and our wives. In fact most stores were about woman, sex, and our wives. I knew about as much about Joe's sex life and his wife as I knew about mine, intimate details kind of stuff. Over the years, Joe had shown me several different pictures of his wife nude that he had managed to take, the fact was that I had been privileged to see more pictures of his wife nude than I had of any other single woman including my wife and playboy pictures. I figured Joe must have something really special to show me because he very seldom ever stopped by my house.

I met Joe just as he pulled to a stop; he rolled down his window and said,

"I only have a few minutes but have I got something to show you." He looked suspiciously around and when satisfied the coast was clear pulled out a video camera that had a little viewing screen on it.

He was about to start the play back on the camera when I said, "Dammed if I am going to stand out here in the hot sun and look at video, let's go in the house."

It was one of the few times that no one was at home at my house, usually there was always some one hanging around but today the wife and kids had went up town shopping and wouldn't be back for two hours.

Joe protested, "I only got a few minutes," he said, but I was already heading towards the house. 

Over my shoulder I said, "Cold beer and pop in the refrigerator, help yourself." 

Joe reluctantly followed me with his video camera.

Once in the house I said, "While you are here I want to show you some of those sites on the Internet I was telling you about, all nude women." 

I knew I had his attention but all he could say was "I don't know how to run a computer." 

"I'll show you," I said. 

I quickly got the computer set to a News Net site that had hundreds of pictures of nudes and showed him how to point and click. 

"Enjoy yourself," I said, as headed for the bathroom for a quick shower.

I was hot and every part of me and my clothes were soaked in sweat. I showered as quickly as I could, dried off and wrapped a towel around me and headed to the computer to see how Joe was making out. I saw that he had found the beer, had figured out how to bring on screen nude picture after nude picture, and judging by the large bulge in his pants, it was having quite an affect on him.

"How you doing," I asked.

"Not bad, not bad at all," he replied, without taking his eyes off the nude pictures on the monitor. "Well, I should be going," Joe slowly said, as he clicked up a few more still pictures in a series of a fairly good looking model taking off her clothes, one article at a time in someone's back yard.

"What about the video you were going to show me?" I asked.

"Oh, you probably wouldn't be interested, its just a little video I took of the wife and me in the bedroom yesterday, she didn't know the camera was on. I didn't realize you had access to all those pictures of nudes on the computer, you would think my video is silly." 

"I'll be the judge of that," I said. "Start it up." 

Joe set the camera on the computer desk, adjusted the viewing screen on it and pushed play. An image that was a grainy because of the low light level in the room and a little out of focus appeared on the viewing screen. Any one who ever looked at videos could have pointed out any number of technical faults with the tape; such as, not enough light, the focus, bad angles, the sound quality and so on. But what the tape lacked on the technical side was more then off set by the action on screen. 

Basically the tape showed Joe trying to get a nooner off his naked wife lying on the bed while the kids were running amuck just outside the bedroom door. The camera, on and running, and unknown to Joe's wife, was sitting on a low dresser, filming a good close up of her nice cunt with her big tits bobbing up and down in the back ground, while she laid on the bed. Throughout the tape you could see Joe's hand rubbing her cunt or massaging her tits or him trying to stick his erect prick into any available orifice on his wife. She while not exactly cooperating wasn't exactly not cooperating; in other words she was teasing him terribly. On two occasions she told Joe to go out into the living room and quiet down the kids, which you could clearly hear fighting in the living room. Joe would dutifully put on his pants and go yell at the kids. While Joe was out of the room she would go into over drive, fingering herself, playing with her clit and massaging her tits and having orgasm after orgasm while Joe was yelling at the kids. When Joe would come back to the bedroom she would quickly regain her composure and act like nothing had happened, while he took off his pants and tried to get his cock back up. Finally she gave in and let Joe slip his now rock hard cock into her obviously dripping pussy. Joe had just time enough to make two or three nice hard thrusts when a crash was heard from the other room. I don't know how small women can slip out from underneath large men so easily but Joe's wife managed it in the blink of an eye. She ran past the camera pausing just long enough to give one last full length view of her glorious naked body while putting on a night gown, then she ran out of camera view shouting, "What the hell did you kids break now?" The last shot on the tape was a close up of Joe's still erect, but obviously shrinking fast penis, as he stood in front of the camera trying to shut it off. 

The screen went blank and Joe pushed the rewind button. "Well, what do you think of it?" Joe asked.

Something about the tape really set me off. I don't know if it was seeing people I knew nude and doing it or if it was the feeling that I was like a fly on the wall observing something that I shouldn't see, whatever it was, I had a raging hard on and was horny as hell.

I said, "Let's look at that again, I really liked that." 

"Naa," said Joe slowly, "I got to go, you probably didn't even get a hard on looking at my dumb video any way." 

"Are you kidding?" I said, "I bet I did." 

It should have been obvious that I had a hard on by the fact that my erect penis was almost holding the towel I had wrapped around me straight out in front of me, but to remove any doubt I dropped the towel. 

Joe looked at me, ran his eyes over my naked body then locked his eyes on my erect cock, now oozing pre come down the shaft. All he could say was, "wow." 

"I bet you have a hard on yourself," I said, "Why don't you show me your cock?"

"I should be going," he said slowly, but made no effort to move. 

"I showed you my cock, let me see yours now," I said, as I reached my hand to his blue jeans and started to massage his crotch. It was clear before that he had a hard on, now I was feeling it with my own hand, pre come was also soaking through the fabric and spotting his pants. 

"Show me your cock," I said again.

"OK," he said. 

He stood up from the computer chair and as he did he dropped his pants to his ankles, reviling a long, fat, hard cock soaked in pre come.

I don't know what came over me next but I sat down in Joe's vacated chair, turned him around so I was eyeball to balls with Joe's cock. I heard myself say, "Do you mind if I suck your cock, I always wanted to," as I put my hands on Joe's ass, pulling him closer. I took his cock into my mouth. 

I don't know what came over me. I had never sucked anybody's cock before; I really didn't know what I was doing. I had been sucked on by old girl friends and remembered how good that felt and tried to duplicate their actions. I also remembered the pleasure spots I felt on my cock when I played with myself and duplicated that with my tongue. I was enjoying myself, making love to Joe's penis with my mouth and tongue when I wondered if Joe was enjoying it also. I knew that Joe's chief complaint about his wife, outside of the fact that he never got enough, was that she seldom ever gave him a blowjob. I slipped his cock out of my mouth and said, "How am I doing?" 

"Fine," said Joe panting, "I'm going to come."

Before I could reach for a Kleenex that I keep by the computer for when I jack off watching porn, Joe's penis erupted with hot sperm. Joe shot sperm on my chin, neck, chest and belly and while Joe jerked with spasms I ran one hand up and down his shaft and the other caressed his balls, he groaned with pleasure. 

As Joe was regaining his composure but before his cock had completely stopped spasming, I stood up and in a fake pout said, "Look what you did, you got come all over me, you should be punished." So saying I took my erect prick in my hand like a little sword and starting beating Joe's still oozing cock. Joe responded by grabbing his cock and we had a little sword fight with our pricks. 

I looked down at myself and said, "Oh shit, if I get come on the rug the wife will kill me."

All of Joe's gooey sperm was turning liquid from the heat of my body and was starting to run down my leg.

"We can't have that," Joe said, and with his pants still around his ankles, he quickly maneuvered to my side and with his hand started to spread his now running sperm around my chest, belly and legs into a thin, even layer, like paint so it wouldn't run. Then with his come-wet hand he rubbed my balls and then my cock to my obvious pleasure. Then he wrapped his fingers around my cock and using his come and my pre come as lubricant started to stroke up and down my shaft. 

I have had hand jobs from women before, and while very pleasurable, most women never seem to get a good grasp of the best techniques for jerking a man off. Joe on the other hand was an old pro at jerking off and was now transferring his talent to my cock.

Within about a minute, I said, "I'm coming!" 

Joe quickly sat me down in the computer chair and leaned me back, holding my cock erect pointed at my belly button. I jerked and groaned as I shot sperm. It was like a little fountain that shot sperm into the air, my belly button and onto Joe's hand. 

When I was done coming, Joe looked at the clock, and said "Oh my, I really do have to get going," as he grabbed some Kleenex and cleaned his hands and cock as best he could, pulled up his pants, grabbed his camera and headed for the door. Just before he left he stopped and looked at me. "So, I guess you really did like my little video. I really enjoyed looking at it with you myself," he said, "When you want, I'll come back and we can look at it again when I have more time." Then he was gone.

I sat in the chair completely spent, looked at my stomach where Joe's slightly yellow sperm and my white come were mixing together and starting to run down my leg again. 

In the space of about twenty minutes I had become a cocksucker and been jerked off by another man. At one time I would have been repulsed by the idea of such a thing, but now I was just thinking how much fun it would be to do it again. Yup, it was a good video, a very good video and I was looking forward to seeing at it again.