 Donald was driving from Glasgow airport to visit his friend Archie in Oban. He was getting close now, passing Dalmally. Just the last stretch then he would be turning in to Cairns Ave. He was looking forward to his visit to Archie, just like he always did. 

Donald had known Archie for nearly 10 years. He thought back to the first time when he had been taken there by Maurice and had stayed with Archie for the night. He smiled as he remembered how critical Archie had been when he had seen that Donald was wearing a plain kilt, not a tartan one. What an unexpected and unlikely start to a long friendship.

This time Donald had on a MacDonald tartan kilt instead of the usual Royal Stewart. He knew that Archie preferred the Royal Stewart and there was still that old one waiting for him at Cairns Ave, hanging up in the cupboard in the spare bedroom. He would put that on the next day so that Archie wouldn't be disappointed.

There was another difference. Donald was wearing an old pair of green trews under his kilt. Not that unusual to be wearing undershorts since he had been wearing his Royal Stewart tartan ones when he left Archie last time. It had been very cold for the journey down to Glasgow and they were warm. He knew that Archie preferred him with little white briefs under his kilt and, again, he would wear them for Archie tomorrow. There were several pairs in his case, washed, clean, and ready. Archie could choose which ones he preferred. But Donald found it more comfortable to travel with trews under his kilt rather than the wee skimpy briefs which Archie liked so much. 

Some of the pants that Archie wanted him to wear were so small that Donald could barely get his man parts in to the pouch. True, he generally wore a cock ring, like he was wearing now, which had the effect of emphasising and pushing his balls out. What with the ring and his already oversized cock, he was a lot bigger down there than the designers of the briefs usually allowed. He had to either fold his flaccid penis down over his balls or else sideways, turned back on itself, just to squeeze it all in. It always felt quite cramped. There was no way it fitted in when he became aroused. No doubt Archie liked seeing the bulge when Donald got in that state, as he often did in his company. 

The trews Donald was wearing had been bought from a Highland Outfitter in Edinburgh, many years previously. Contrary to popular belief, not all kilted Scotsmen go bare underneath and, at least in those days, some outfitters recognised this. This style of short was sold specifically for wearing under the kilt. Tartan ones were also available but only made to measure, and they were a lot more expensive. The plain dark green colour was suitable for under most tartans. 

Donald remembered how the elderly shop assistant who sold him the original three pairs had commented that they were quite 'racy'! That was a really old fashioned term but the assistant was right. Donald remembered how he had become slightly aroused even trying them on in the shop. They were short in the leg and cut quite wide, so that the tip of Donald's cock must have been visible to the assistant when he had checked to see how they fitted. That didn't seem too bad a failing. The width did allow his flaccid penis and testicles to hang quite naturally down the left leg. Donald always dressed with his sex on the left side. It felt better that way since his penis had a slight bend in that direction. He might well have considered not wearing anything at all underneath as he on several occasions, but Donald preferred the comfort of pants and knew that if the tartan blew up, as it sometimes did in the West Coast breeze, he would be fully modest.

As Donald remembered that time in the outfitters and the thought of meeting Archie again, he felt the first stirrings of an erection. He could feel his cock growing down the leg of his shorts. Would that happen when he arrived at Cairns Avenue? 

Now he was there. Donald walked up to the front door, kilt swinging nicely. Archie was waiting for him in the hall. They hugged and kissed each other passionately. It was lovely to be back. 

Then there was the ritual of tea and biscuits. Archie wanted Donald to sit in the chair opposite. That way he could see up his kilt. Donald wondered what his reaction would be to the little green trews instead of the preferred white briefs. As Donald sat drinking his tea the sight of Archie trying to see up was enough to rouse him slightly. When Archie asked Donald to lift his kilt up to see better that was the trigger for more serious arousal. When he looked down, Donald was surprised to find that his cock was already sticking out of the leg of the trews. Such was the effect that Archie was having on him.

Archie could see it too and he was enjoying every minute. At the first glimpse he had been deeply disappointed that Donald wasn't wearing the tiny white briefs he liked so much. He had been looking forward to admiring and feeling them then peeling them down the way he usually did. He smiled to himself as he remembered the discussion they had had about it. 

Donald had asked why he liked the briefs so much when all he wanted to do was to pull them down. Wouldn't it be better for Donald not to wear any pants at all? Archie had tried to explain that it was first of all the contrast of virginal white cotton against the darker tartan. Then there were the contours of Donald's rounded bum under the back of the little briefs. Then there was the pouch part at the front, bulging with Donald's large sex. Archie liked to finger and fondle it through the thin material. Then came the actual pulling down of the briefs. That was one of the most exciting bits. He remembered Donald telling him to 'stop havering'! He didn't think that Donald had properly understood why he liked the briefs so much but he was just glad that he wore them for him.

Archie really didn't care for the dark green trews. He thought that they were a pretty poor alternative to little white briefs. Still, if Donald liked them, he would have to put up with it. However they did seem to have some compensation. Archie was a bit of an expert in the matter of underwear but he had never seen Donald's cock pop out of any of the briefs in quite the same way. 

He liked watching Donald dress in the morning and it had become a ritual where Archie would choose all the clothes Donald would wear that day, even, or more especially, the underwear. They were almost always briefs if Archie had his way. Then he enjoyed watching Donald put all his clothes on, layer by layer. Archie knew that Donald usually tucked his penis down into the pouch as he pulled the briefs up. Archie had been surprised that Donald found it comfortable that way with his cock pressed tight over his balls. But Archie liked how the pouch bulged outwards and was pushed even further out if Donald's cock stiffened. Archie could remember the times when it was pushed so far out that he could see up the sides. He could even see the cock ring round the balls. Donald was the first man that he had seen who wore one of them and Donald had had to explain it to him. Surely that wasn't comfortable but Donald had assured him that it was and that it felt sexy. 

All these memories flicked though his mind, but now, instead of just an outline, Archie could see the real thing; a big, pink, circumcised cock head sticking out of the leg of the trews. He could even see the piss hole where that all that white semen had jetted out last year. Was Donald's penis larger than he remembered? Had it even grown a bit? Surely not, he told himself, that must be rubbish. It must have stopped growing years and years ago. Perhaps it was just that it was no longer constrained and squashed inside tight underpants but hanging loose which had let it assume its normal size. He wondered, idly, what it would look like if Donald's cock was sticking out of the fly front instead of down the leg? 

"Come over here!" Archie ordered.

Donald stood beside his chair. Archie reached up underneath his kilt. Not only up the kilt but up the leg and inside the little green undershorts as well. There was room enough for his hand.. That was something he couldn't do with the briefs. 

Donald loved the feel of warm hand on his bare cock and balls, caressing and squeezing. Archie was an expert in arousal so that Donald soon erected fully. Archie asked Donald to lift the front of his kilt since Archie's hands were busy elsewhere touching and feeling. Donald's stiff penis was now sticking proudly out of the left leg of his trews. Archie put his lips round the hot head of Donald's cock and sucked hard.

"You are so sexy, Donald! I want to lift your kilt, take down those little green trews and ride and ride your bum like you have never been ridden before! I want to get my hard cock right up you then explode inside you!!" Archie said all that with great feeling while staring Donald straight in the eye, fondling his penis and balls at the same time.

Donald said that he wanted it too but suggested that they did it later upstairs in bed. Right now he was desperate to cum and wanted Archie to bring him off right there and then.

"I have been thinking about you all the way from Glasgow and now I don't know if I can hold it in any longer," Donald said.

Donald was still wearing his trews but they were no hindrance since the leg was wide enough so that his cock was right out in the open. Archie took Donald's erect member and deftly bought him to the edge of orgasm.

"I am about to cum. Where will it go? Do you want me to get a towel?" Donald asked. 

Archie just unbuttoned his shirt, exposing his bare chest and said, "Do it there!"

Donald could hold back no longer and after Archie rubbed him some more his semen started to jet out of the tip of his cock. Archie watched, fascinated, as the ropes of pale cream arced down and splashed on his bare chest. He could feel the warmth as they landed. Knowing that it had just come from inside Donald and it was at his body heat was very exciting for Archie. He liked it very much that he had brought Donald to orgasm so quickly and thought about later when he would get his own stiff cock up between Donald's hairy bum cheeks. He would be pumping his own cream into that warm dark cavity that was Donald's love hole. Oh how he was looking forward to it!

With these thoughts he said, "Are you done now?"

Donald said that he was. He was shattered. It had been a long trip and now a very intense and satisfying orgasm. He was not as young as he used to be either!

Archie let go of his cock. It was still big but now limp, and hung heavy, down Donald's left leg. The head was all wet and shiny and the tiny hole at the tip was still leaking a little bit of cum. Archie took it in his mouth and licked it. He found that he liked the slightly salty creamy taste. Perhaps one day he would ask Donald to ejaculate into his mouth. Something to think about! In the meantime he just sucked it clean before tucking it back inside the leg of the trews. The shorts were still too short and his cock was still too long so Archie was still watching it while Donald dropped the front of his kilt and it disappeared. It was as if nothing had happened, a very well dressed kilted highlander was standing at ease in front of his chair. Even the sporran was back in place. Except, that is, for the puddle of cream on Archie's bare chest. Donald got a towel from the kitchen cupboard and Archie wiped it away.

Later that night, when they went to bed early, Archie did indeed have an intense and satisfying orgasm with his cock well up inside Donald, pumping semen into him. He loved all Donald's hair, on his arms, his body, his legs, and most of all on his arse, particularly in the cleft between the cheeks and specially round the sex hole. As he withdrew his wilting penis he could see his own cream trickling out of Donald´s opening, matting even further the hairs round the periphery. 

Donald could feel that same sperm leaking out and trickling down the back of his legs but could do nothing about it. He knew that his anus was still open as when he had watched himself one time in a mirror after using his biggest dildo. It always took a little while for it to 'heal over' and close up and now especially, after Archie had ridden him so hard for so long. 

This was one aspect of male on male sex that Donald liked so much, sometimes even being able to see up another guy's anal passage, and usually see ones own cream leaking out before it closed up. He didn't know why, perhaps it was just the association with satisfactory sex. He was also worried that his arse might look like a a baboon's. But he sensibly put these thoughts out of his mind. 

Archie was exhausted and had fallen back on the bed. It had been an epic session. Neither of them had timed it but it must have gone on for ages with Archie thrusting his stiff cock in and out, short jabs inter-spaced with longer satisfying strokes, even misjudging it and coming out completely a couple of times in his enthusiasm. Then having to reinsert his stiff cock, pulling the bum cheeks apart, seeing the cleft covered in body hair, now curled against the skin with sweat, lubricant, and Archie's own precum. As he made to re-enter the rosebud was in full bloom, the dark pink passage lying open ready for him. 

Donald had been very tight when Archie had first pulled back his foreskin and tried to enter, the sphincter muscles seemingly conspiring to deny him access. He had used one then two fingers to widen the hole. As he had pushed in it was still firm, the way Archie liked it, giving a good feeling on his cock. But after all the action the hole was nicely open and he had thrust in and out quite easily. 

Near the end, Donald had asked him to hold still. Somehow Donald had managed to tightened then loosen the muscles inside his bum. It was a fantastic feeling. Although Archie had wanted to prolong the pleasure he had had no chance with this massage his cock was getting. He had soon succumbed to a really shattering orgasm. 

Donald had felt the multiple spasms as Archie's cock had jerked involuntarily during his orgasm then the warmth as the hot semen spurted inside him. Archie had cum in style and pumped his man juice into him very satisfyingly. 

Donald felt sore and tender after all the thrusting. Perhaps Archie would put a little soothing cream on it for him later, even up inside the back passage as well. Just now he would have to make do with the human cream which Archie had deposited inside him. But he had found it very sexy as well and was sporting a half hardon as a result. This was in spite of having cum over Archie earlier in the evening. His arousal would keep till next day when Archie would no doubt ride him again. But then Donald would probably be wearing the little white briefs or even just a pouch. So much for the trews! But they had served a purpose and perhaps Archie would be more sympathetic to him wearing them again in the future.

They both went to sleep, tired but happy.