  Author's note: If you are here now, you need to read Frat House Troopers by Xavier Mayne first, otherwise this story will make no sense at all. The characters and storyline in this series are made to fit together with Frat House Troopers.

The characters and story are used with Xavier Mayne's permission. Thank you, XM, for letting me borrow Brandt and Donnelly :)

Please be warned, this series contains scenes of a graphic nature involving male on male sex. If this is not for you, don't read and don't complain. I did warn you :) This story is purely fictional, in real life safe sex is critical and essential! Any scenes without the use of condoms are not intended to promote unprotected sex but to maintain the flow of prose.

Enjoy! 

*

Reality crashed like an A380 Airbus into an office building about ten minutes after the link was terminated. Gabriel only just made it to the toilet before throwing up everything but his hair follicles, crawling into the shower afterward to contemplate how badly he'd fucked things up tonight.

If Brandt didn't hunt him down and kill him tonight, Monday morning there'd most certainly be a transfer order waiting on the Chief's desk. Instead of Brandt's, Gabriel half expected it to be his transfer with his signature forged at bottom of the form. He wouldn't contest it if that happened. After all, it was only what he deserved for violating Ethan's trust. 

Gabriel seriously considered leaving the Troopers altogether, finding some anonymous job in some anonymous city. If he'd broken the trust of his partner, his best friend, once already, he could do it again with another partner. And the dissolution of trust was what got troopers killed. So, yeah, he'd probably be doing everyone a favour by resigning.

But first, before he left, he had to find Brandt and...what, explain? How could he when he didn't even understand himself? Didn't matter. He had to try, had to see the man he loved one more time before he disappeared forever. 

Shaking, Gabriel got out of the shower, clothed himself and grabbed his keys. It took twenty minutes to get to Brandt's place and he used his spare key to go inside the darkened apartment. Ethan arrived not long after, surprised to see Gabriel there. Yeah right. Where else would I go?

Gabriel expected Brandt's rage, his scorn. He expected to get the shit kicked out of him. Only, things didn't pan out like he'd thought they would. No, that's not true. It started like he thought it would and for a moment there he thought it would end that way too. 

But for the kiss.

It was the most magical, most bewildering, most surprising kiss Gabriel had ever experienced. It didn't last long, that first contact. It wasn't especially passionate or even coordinated. And yet it held all the power of something that had been building for years. It lit Gabriel up like a Roman candle. And then it was followed by a rain of many more until each kiss had no beginning and no end, just one infinite cord of passion connecting Ethan to Gabriel.

Now they were both drunk off their asses and the confessions were flowing freely. Brandt was giggling hysterically.

"You went back to Camp & Dragg by yourself to buy underwear?"

Gabriel blushed furiously but was unable to stop a smile.

"Uh, yeah."

"Hahahahaha!" Tears were running down Brandt's face. "That must've been interesting. Did good ol' Bryce cop a feel?"

"Several," answered Gabriel, now laughing himself. "He wanted me to, uh, bone up for a proper fitting."

That set his partner off even more and Brandt was now rolling around on the floor.

"And did you? Did you give a dog a bone?" Gabriel didn't answer but he didn't have to, his red cheeks said it all. "You did! Didn't you?"

"Bryce nearly passed out."

"Hahaha! I'll bet he did. I nearly passed out tonight when I saw that monster," Brandt giggled. Gabriel glowed with drunken pride at the compliment to his manhood. "How the hell did it happen? You didn't let Bryce...pump you up, did you?"

"Ah, no. I was just, uh, thinking of you and..." Gabriel raised his fist in 'salute', sending Brandt into another fit of laughter. When it died down, Ethan was a bit more serious.

"Wait. You got hard thinking of me?" Ethan had a shy smile on his face that was downright adorable.

"Always," Gabe replied with a crooked grin.

The smile faded from his partner's lips, giving way to a scorching look in his eyes. 

"And are you hard now?" Brandt asked, his voice deepening. He wet his lips slowly, having noticed Gabriel track the movement whenever he did it.

"Come and find out," Gabriel challenged hoarsely, his own desire coming through his words. He'd been achingly erect ever since the kiss and his cock wasn't going down without help.

Brandt stifled a grin, biting his lip saucily. Without a word, he picked up the almost empty Jaeger bottle from next to the dozen empty beer bottles, poured a shot and slammed it. Ethan then crawled over on all fours to where Gabriel sat in an arm chair. Gabe straightened up a little, swallowing visibly at the sexy sight of a barefoot Ethan prowling across the floor like a jungle cat, wearing a white t-shirt, riding up his torso, and loose-fit ripped jeans, riding low on his hips. Gabriel allowed his legs to fall open, giving his partner access as Brandt came to a stop, kneeling between his own bare feet. 

Gabriel's pulse thundered as Ethan ran a finger up from his ankle to his knee. Then from his knee, a hand skimmed up his thigh, inside the leg of his cargo shorts. He hissed as Ethan's palm pressed into his crotch. A gentle massage over his underwear, following the ridge of his penis from root to tip, made him groan.

"Fuck," he whispered, his cock pulsing in Ethan's hand. Licking his lips again, Ethan smiled lop-sidedly, pleased with what he'd found. 

Twenty-four hours ago, Gabriel couldn't conceive of a situation where Brandt would willingly rub his erect cock. Hell, four hours ago he couldn't imagine it. But here they were, an inebriated Brandt with his hand up Gabriel's shorts, squeezing his partner's erection.

"Mmmm, yes. You do feel a little hard to me," Brandt teased.

"Ohhh... You sure? Maybe you should take a closer look," Gabriel murmured, his voice rough and thick with arousal.

Brandt grinned wickedly, tugging loose Gabriel's belt, unbuttoning his fly and with help from Gabe lifting his ass, pulling his shorts and underwear down over his cock, down past his knees to pool at his ankles. Gabriel sat back, his hard-on pointing at the ceiling, and watched with heated eyes as Brandt just stared at his penis.

"Fuck me, 's a lot bigger in person," Brandt slurred a little. "Can I play with it?"

Do you even have to ask? Play with my cock any time you like, baby. Gabe bit back his amusement and nodded his permission. Ethan's eyes lit up as he reached hesitantly to wrap a hand around Gabriel's cock.

"Unnhh!" Gabe grunted, pleasure shooting through him like he was just electrocuted by ecstasy. He was surprised by the firmness of his best friend's grip. Gabriel was used to women handling his penis like a poisonous snake that would spit and bite at them at any moment. But Ethan held his cock confidently, instinctively starting to stroke the shaft with just the right amount of pressure. I guess when a guy holds a hard dick, he's gotta stroke it.

"Hohhhh god...feels good," Gabriel mumbled quietly, closing his eyes.

"Huh." Brandt was matter-of-fact, in his own world of discovery, oblivious to the effect of his touch on his partner. "Never touched another dick before. Feels weird. Like 'm touching m'self but not feeling any of the pleasure." Brandt was slowly but skillfully jacking the cock while commenting absently on the experience. He had yet to be fully aware of what exquisite torture he was inflicting on Gabriel, didn't seem to realise he was pleasuring his best friend. "Feels silky soft and hard at the same time, just like my cock. This is fun!"

"Uhhhshit...don't stop..." Gabriel was panting and groaning, thrusting his hips up into Brandt's fist. Pre-cum welled at his piss slit and trickled down to Brandt's hand. 

That's when he noticed his partner's silence and Gabe opened his eyes. Brandt's jaw had dropped open and his eyes were glazed over, full of awed amazement and hunger, and flickering between Gabriel's face and the handjob. It finally seemed to dawn on his drunken friend that he was driving Gabe crazy with his slow stroking hand. His impaired mind had only just connected his innocent exploration to his best friend's moaning and writhing.

"Oh my god," Brandt breathed in shock. "Am I...? Am I making you feel good? By doing this?"

"Hohhhyeah...fuck, Ethan! Don't...stop! Uhh rub my dick..."

"Oh...wow!" A slow, devilish grin broke out on Brandt's face. "Jesus, you look really fucking sexy when you're all hot and horny like that, Gabe." 

"God...fuck! Unnh..." Gabriel was going completely insane. His cock was pulsing and his muscular body was twitching with tiny shocks of pleasure. 

Brandt's hand and his penis were drenched in his pre-cum and the wet sounds of the handjob as Ethan stroked with every tick of the clock was making them both horny. These maddeningly slow-but-firm pulls on his shaft were nowhere near adequate to get Gabriel off but more than enough to keep him in an urgent state of arousal. And now Brandt seemed to know it. 

"Awwfuck, what're y' doing t' me? Ethan... Uhhhplease..."

"Please what, Gabriel?" Brandt purred.

"Ohhhh...gotta fuck something, need t' cum..."

"What was that? Can't hear you?" Brandt teased. "What is it you want, baby?"

"Grrrrfuck! Unnhh!" Gabe growled, crazy with lust. "Ahh, jerk my fucking cock! Harder! Faster!! Suck it, fuckin' sit on it, fuck yourself on it! I don't care! Just ahhh please... M-m-make. Me. C-cum."

Brandt wasn't smiling anymore. He was breathing heavy and his lust-heavy eyes bored into Gabriel. "Oh fuck, so sexy..." he whispered, fumbling his fly open and diving in with his hand to touch himself. "OHH!"

Gabe had had enough. With a roar, he grabbed Ethan's wrist and stilled his hand. He stood up, dragging Ethan with him, yanking the other man into an all-consuming kiss. Shaking with desire, Gabriel plundered his friend's mouth, ravaged his tongue while pushing him backward in an awkward shuffle to the bedroom, shorts still around his ankles.

Brandt's eyes were wide with surprise when his best friend attacked him but soon enough, the urgent lust that controlled Gabriel ripped through him also, and he responded, measure for measure, battling tongues, hands groping body parts. Ethan's cock was rock-hard as Gabriel pushed him first into the bedroom—still kissing, tearing at their shirts and throwing them in a pile on the floor—and then onto the bed. 

Gabriel stepped out of his shorts and snatched at the hem of Ethan's jeans tugging hard as Ethan hurriedly lifted his ass. The jeans came off and Gabriel groaned to find Ethan commando underneath, his dick stiff and ready. Seconds later, both men were buck naked, lying together, skin to skin.

Ethan moaned loudly, wrapping his arms around his lover's tiny waist and pulling him closer as Gabriel mauled his sensitive neck. Their naked cocks slid up alongside each other and both men gasped as their red-hot rods made contact.

"Uhh fuck, Gabe..."

"Oh, Ethan...so fucking hot..."

Gabriel began to move on top, grinding their pricks together. Ethan was loving the licks and bites trailing down his neck. Gabe was like an animal, a big, powerful, wild beast. Having sex with someone so strong and aggressive, especially on top, was getting Ethan off in a big way. He was perfectly content submitting to all that raw passion, lying back and lettting Gabriel do whatever he wanted. So far, it all felt so damn good. The slide of his super-sensitive cock against another cock, against a ripped belly, Ethan's penis felt encased in hot flesh in a totally different way to being inside pussy.

He was thinking everything and nothing all at once, running his mouth off about how sexy Gabriel was. He couldn't seem to shut himself up. That usually happened in bars, talking to beautiful women when he'd had a few too many and he was nervous. Once, it had happened in the bedroom, when Cass Maddox took his virginity in the ninth grade. In a way, his virginity was at stake again tonight too.

"Oh jesus, Gabriel! Oh! When you...took off...your boxers before," Ethan panted, sliding his hands to the other man's ass and relishing the feel of the hard muscle clenching and unclenching as Gabriel rocked them together, "...god, I almost shot off...right there and then. Aww, babe, you looked so...hot...stroking your cock."

"Oh! Mmm fuck...sexiest thing I've ever seen," Gabriel growled, moving lower and latching on to Ethan's nipple with his mouth.

"Oh my god! Nipples are wired to my dick," Ethan gasped.

Gabe released one of them. "Yes, I know," he panted before diving back to suckle on Ethan's pec, shooting a wicked look into his partner's eyes.

"Ahh! Shit! Watching you jerk off...just for me...ahhh never cum so hard!"

Ethan was babbling. He did that when he was drunk and nervous. Gabriel had to get him to shut the fuck up, get him focused on orgasm, because seriously, Gabe was gonna go nuts if he didn't cum soon. He released the tortured nipple from his lips and licked a trail down Ethan's tight belly, pausing to lap at his navel, flicking in and out with his tongue.

"Shit, fuck! Ohh! What-?" Ethan watched with awe as the sexy man on top of him swirled his tongue even further down, painting an outline around Ethan's jumping penis with saliva but not touching it. "Oh fuck, Gabriel! Just lick me, just fucking suck my cock! Please!"

Gabriel grinned. The shoe was on the other foot now and he was gonna have some fun.

Ethan bucked as Gabriel hovered his open mouth over the head of his penis, feeling puffs of hot air but not the wet heaven he wanted so badly. He growled, trying to chase the hot orifice, whimpering in frustration as Gabriel continued to tease him.

"Tell me what you feel for me, Ethan," Gabe demanded, witholding.

"Ahh...want you...nnggh!"

"Is that all?" Gabe taunted, extending his tongue and licking a wide, lazy circle an inch away from Ethan's glans.

"Please..." Ethan begged, eyes wild with need. With a raised eyebrow, Gabriel began to back away from his penis.

"Is. That. All."

"No!" Ethan cried, relieved when his partner stopped, smiled and returned to hovering.

"Then what else?"

For some reason, as soon as their eyes met, Ethan calmed immediately, no less horny or desperate, just more...focused. He still bucked at the air, trying to get inside his lover's mouth, but Gabriel's eyes caught and held him, like they did before they climaxed on the internet, like they had right before they kissed. Another perfect moment between seconds happened again.

"I...love you." A tear of pure need rolled down Ethan's beautiful face and he knew it was true, just as he knew the Earth was round. "Love you...want you...so bad..."

Gabriel closed his eyes and swallowed, overwhelmed by the words he'd needed to hear. This wasn't just sex to Ethan, wasn't some crazy experiment in bisexuality. He opened his eyes, feeling perfectly at peace for the first time in his life.

"I love you too, Ethan...need you."

"Please, baby!" Ethan whispered, curling his fingers lovingly in Gabe's ebony locks. "Aww suck me, please."

Ethan gasped and jerked as Gabriel closed his mouth over the head of his prick, forcing himself to keep looking into his lover's eyes.

Gabriel worshipped the fleshy knob in his mouth, nursing it, tonguing the vein running along the shaft underneath, and Ethan moaned, trapped in Gabriel's stormy grey eyes, so full of passion and love. He felt the firm ring of Gabe's lips slide down his dick and draw back up, again and again, that heavenly tongue swirling with each bob, licking at the most sensitive parts of his penis. Gabe knew just how to do it, cradling Ethan's balls, rolling them in their sac and tugging gently. Because that's what he likes done to him. And with that one thought, it all made sense. Ethan understood gay sex perfectly. 

After that, the time for thoughts and words was over. They relaxed into the blowjob, closed their eyes and just felt.

Gabriel absolutely loved sucking on Ethan's cock, loved the soft fullness in his mouth, the heavy hardness, the silky drag of skin over an iron core, the pulse and twitch of pleasure that salted his tongue with tears of pre-cum. So many different textures and sensations, so different from pussy because Ethan's dick was like a tuning fork, vibrating with everything Gabriel did to it. He didn't have to wonder if it felt good for Ethan because his cock was so responsive. Gabriel didn't have to worry if he was doing it right, he knew it felt good because it was what he wanted done to him. He didn't have to devote every effort toward making Ethan cum, like he did with women. It would happen. There was no need to hurry. This was just so easy. 

Ethan was in fucking heaven. Gabriel was leisurely sucking and mouthing his prick, delivering nips and licks and kisses up and down the length of his shaft and tonguing his sac. His best friend took his time, seeming to really enjoy the experience, relish the pleasure he was giving. 

Blowjobs for Ethan in the past had been hurried affairs, inept and awkward and always something he'd pushed for. The women saw oral as something they had to endure and they all had been paranoid that he'd cum in their mouths. Ethan wanted that so fucking badly—to fuck their faces until he spurted—but he never dared to ask. Why would a girl want him to cum in her mouth when his hard dick was needed to fuck their pussies?

Gabriel was so different. He sucked as if he liked the taste, as if he knew exactly what Ethan wanted. He moaned around the cock as though he wanted Ethan's cum more than anything else in the world. Just thinking about it had Ethan holding his lover's head in place, thrusting his hips and gently fucking Gabriel's mouth. Oh my god... Knowing he wouldn't be forced to stop excited Ethan so damn much he was unexpectedly shoved to edge of orgasm. In fact, the gift of a full blowjob from Gabriel moved Ethan so much, he suddenly didn't want it anymore. He didn't want to cum without Gabriel. He wanted them to shoot together, as one...

Ethan's incessant groans were making Gabriel ridiculously horny. He couldn't help thrusting his cock into the bed, needing to rub it against something, anything. He was so lost in pleasure, it took him a few seconds to realise Ethan was pulling him off his cock, dragging him back up face-to-face. Together again, Ethan took Gabriel's mouth with the same fervour he'd taken Ethan's cock, and they were both breathing hard when the kiss ended. Resting their foreheads together, Gabriel resumed the grinding of cocks, drowning in green eyes and black pupils blown wide with love and sex.

"C-couldn't let you k-keep going," Ethan murmured. "Was gonna shoot my load."

"Ohh...wanted you to," Gabe whispered, moving faster, Ethan's saliva-soaked cock slipping deliciously along his own. His orgasm was building.

"Uh! I wanted this, to cum together."

"Ohh love you..."

"Uhhfuck...me too." 

Gabe closed the gap again, slanting his mouth over Ethan's.

"Oh fuck me, Gabe! M-make love to m-me! 'm gonna cum soon."

The words were like a bolt of lightning to his sex, shoving Gabriel right to the edge too. "Ohhshit! How? How do we...?"

"I don't know! Awwfuck! Doesn't matter, 'm cumming anyway...ahh...right now! OHHH!"
