 "Here's someone enjoying my cock." 

It's a picture of a man on his back, this stranger's dick in his mouth. The sucker has his eyes closed and I can almost hear the muffled moan. 

"That looks incredible." I type back and hit send. 

"Get here ASAP. The door will be open. You better know how to suck cock." I don't do it often, but those men who have experienced me have always been quite satisfied. I start up the car and make my way to the address I was given. 

It's a hotel, a nice one. He's some business man, a visitor, someone who will pass out of my life the instant I'm done. Perfect. As I'm waiting for the elevator the butterflies come. I keep thinking that I can turn around, get back in my car, drive away. All that need and desire I felt driving here melts out of me and I have to steel myself as the doors slide open. I step into the elevator. I know that if I don't do this, I'll be sitting at home in a day or two, hungry and desperate and needful.

It's like this every time. I'm straight, or at least that's what I tell people. I love women, I love sex with women, and I could never date a man, but every couple of months I feel... this. This intense, sinful need for cock. It grows and grows and left unsated it eats at me. I always break down, troll craigslist for a man who will let me take care of my needs. It's always incredible to me how hard it is to find a man who will let me give him a blowjob, but often it takes weeks of endless e-mailing, dead ends, and flakes until I find the right guy. 

I reach the third floor and shove my doubts aside. I want this, and even if I can't summon up that insane lust I felt in the car now, I know that if I turn back it will haunt me later. I make my way down the hall and find his room number, the door ajar.  

The room beyond is dark, but I can see him sitting on the bed. He stands as I enter, already nude, my eyes are drawn to the prize dangling between his legs and seeing it washes away my nerves. He is about the same height as me, early fifties, bald with a stern mouth and broad chest. I've always gone for older men and he is perfect. 

"Don't forget the door," he says. I undo the bolt so that it latches shut and approach him. "Strip," he says, and I comply. As soon as I'm naked, he puts both hands on my shoulders. He doesn't push, but I understand my place is not on my feet. I kneel before him, and suddenly the object of my desire is imminent. It's a beautiful thing, semi-hard, hairless and smooth. I move forward just slightly, letting the velvet tip brush against my lips. I look up at him once, see him watching me, and he nods. 

I open my mouth and accept him into it. I take him to the root and he exhales long and slowly, a soft 'ah' of relief. It's exactly what I need to hear, exactly what I fantasize about when I'm masturbating in the shower. The relief as I sate his lusts and ease the tension of his desires. 

I move slowly and enjoy the feel of him in my mouth, running my tongue along the quickly hardening shaft as I pull back. By now I can't take him to the root anymore without gagging. He moans above me and I cup his balls. 

He lets me savor him for a few minutes and then grabs either side of my head. He begins to take over, pressing himself into me. He fucks slowly, but presses deeper with every thrust, letting my throat become accustomed to his length as he takes his pleasure. All the while I can hear him whispering. "Yeah boy, yes suck me, suck my cock you little bitch." 

He surprises me by pulling out, leaving my mouth with a soft pop. I instinctively dart forward to take him in again but he pulls me upward to my feet and grabs my hips, pressing us together. I feel the heat of his rigidness against my own erection, and he grinds into me, eliciting a moan from my half open lips. 

"You're a good boy," he says and moves in to kiss me. The spell is momentarily broken. I have never kissed a man; I don't want to kiss a man. I turn my head gently, and feel almost annoyed as he takes his hands from my ass and grabs my head. He doesn't have time for my hang ups, he takes what he wants. His mouth is larger than I'm used to, incredibly warm and smooth. My hesitation evaporates immediately. I don't know whether it was the kiss itself, or his forcefulness, but I am filled with a renewed lust as he takes me.

"Oh god," I whisper when my mouth is free. I have never felt such intensity, such insane desire. In that moment I want him to take me entirely. There is a bed behind me, and I want him to push me onto it, climb on top of me, and claim me for his own. The words are on the tip of my tongue "Fuck me, please fuck me," but suddenly I am on my knees again and he has shoved his erection into my mouth. On one hand, it is not enough, on the other, I can think of nothing but pleasuring him, so I take him eagerly and suck him. I am filled with a lust I don't know how to handle, moaning like a whore around a mouthful of his incredible cock. I worship him, I devour him, I make my body a sacrifice to this serpent god that plunges into me again, and again. 

He grabs my head again and fucks me. I am gagging but I don't dare stop him. I want him so badly that I force myself to take it. And then The Groan, the long, desperate gush of release as he fills me with his seed. I swallow instinctively, consuming his lust like the little slut I am. 

"Fuck yeah," he breathes as he pulls his cock from my mouth. "Do you need to cum?"

"Yes," I say, my voice shaking, hoping against all hope that he's going to put that incredible mouth on my cock. 

"Then cum," he says, dashing my hopes of a return favor. Still, I take myself in hand and begin working myself feverishly, pumping at my erection and moaning with pleasure. He watches me and I adjust to give him a good view. I eye his cock, still slick and shining with my spit. When he sees this he pushes his hips forward until it's mashed against my lips. It's still a little hard, incredibly warm, and wonderful. I shower it with kisses, flicking my tongue over the divine flesh until I explode across the carpet. It is one of the best orgasms I've ever had. When I'm done, he heads to the bathroom without a word and I set to cleaning myself up and gathering my clothes. I'm dressed by the time he returns and he grabs my ass. 

"That was something," he says with a smile. I smile back and nod. I suddenly want to leave and he doesn't try to hold me up. It's over now. I head back to my car feeling slightly addled, my balls aching from the release. By the time I'm in my car I'm thinking of that crazy rush of desire that overtook me, and suddenly I want it again. I wait until I get home and send him a post meeting email. 

"That was incredible. I'm free later if you want a repeat."

I get a message a few minutes later. "I am going to be busy tonight, and then flying out in the morning. Thanks though."

Just as well. The way he made me feel, I'm not sure it is really a good idea for me to meet with him again.