 This is the fourth part of my story, based on experience, I am afraid that this episode does contain enforced drugging, please don't read this if it offends and just think of it as a story, fiction, though in this case not. I apologise to those who want immediate sex, my chapters are quite short and this one particularly so, it is quite stressful trying to put such an experience into words, that's my excuse, such things as sex will follow in the next chapter of my... well how else do you try and describe such an experience. Thank you so much for those that have commented on my story so far, I wouldn't continue without you.

So here we go, 

*****

The visitor had teased him online many times, arousing him in so many ways, but when the drug was mentioned it had frightened him beyond belief. The drug, the white drug, the drug that drew you in creating utter dependency and total addiction, a total addiction that the visitor threatened would be used to control and exploit him. But that had all just been online chat, just play, the visitor just teasing his arousal, wouldn't do it for real, wouldn't, wouldn't... couldn't ... nooo.. the terror was gripping his very soul.

The electronic voice buzzed in his ear again, "You can't wait can you Leanne? You know you can't wait, Just imagine what this will make you feel like as I take you, you will be hooked immediately, addicted, never free, mine, begging me for your next fix, doing anything I tell you just to get it." 

The visitor put the syringe down where he could see it, its' evil contents glinting in reflection of the spotlight as he took the strap from the box. Gently wrapping it round the forearm of his prisoner, bound and gagged, totally helpless, screaming in silence as he struggled, heaving on his bonds striving in his madness to wriggle free. The visitor slowly pulling the strap tight around his arm as he fought uselessly, his brain in terrified overdrive in the terrible realisation that he had allowed himself to be placed in this position of unyielding bondage, incapable of preventing this evil possession of his very soul.

"Watch, Leanne, watch as I make you my gay slut, my prostitute sissy" the syringe was in the visitors hand, moving closer and closer to the vein, now throbbing in his arm. 

He was squeaking continually, his body trembling, quivering all over, struggling in mad fear terrified at the glinting sharpness of the needle moving closer and closer, until suddenly he stilled in an awful deathly anticipation. He wanted to close his eyes, to believe this was all a nightmare, a horrible terrifying dream, the needle touched him, punctured his skin, a droplet of blood formed, the tip pushing gently deeper, entering the swollen vein. It was stinging, he watched helplessly as the plunger slowly depressed to the bottom. He was screaming, screaming inside his head, as he saw the drug pumped into him. The visitor slowly withdrawing the now empty syringe, dabbing the spot gently with the cotton wool he produced from nowhere.

"Now Leanne, now feel me release the excitement into your body, prepare to give yourself to me Leanne."

The visitor gently reached for the strap around his arm, the strap they both knew was all that stood between him and the terrible terrifying possessing drug flooding his system. The endless screaming in his head descending into whimpers as he shivers unable to do anything but watch. 

"Watch Leanne, watch." That electronic, evil evil, hateful sound. 

The strap suddenly frees in the visitors hand, the drug jetting into his bloodstream, flooding through him. His arm feels suddenly hot, his head like it would explode, his heartbeat trebling, the drug coursing through his veins demanding more and more adrenalin.

"You will love it Leanne, you WILL love it, want more and more, so so easy to become addicted and you are already, aren't you, my sissy prostitute slut." The robot voice seemed to form in visions of robots in a white brightness. Robots with cocks, huge cocks, pulsing machines.

In that dream the visitor seemed to stand, open a robe an erect thing appearing huge and throbbing to his eyes. Somehow he was on his knees, was he on his knees, the gag was gone, he felt sick, his head against the floor, his body on fire, every touch like it was a hundred times the sensation. He was sure his panties were being pulled down, not that he really knew, he could only feel the burning cool, the sensation of it all. What was the noise, the girlish, whimpering, whimpering, moaning. He felt something rubbing between his cheeks, something hot, burning against him, opening him, the pain was somewhere, such a strange strange pain, a great black beast was on him, riding him. He thought his head would explode, the moaning louder and louder, fuelling his confusion, the feelings inside him like nothing he'd ever felt before, every nerve in his body vibrating to it. Then the sudden blackness rushing upon him in nauseous waves of oblivion as he collapsed on the floor in the sleep of stupor, fired by nightmares of sexual frenzies in his head. 

In his waking moment, his tongue felt huge, swollen, dry, his head throbbing, eyes glued together, squinting in the dim light as he lay there naked on the rug. Naked save for the cuffs still behind him and the terrible pink chastity still gripping him. He squinted, peeped, trying to focus, there was a noise in the background, it was the television, he lay there for a while, just listening, he didn't know how long, not making sense of the sound until his head cleared a little. Then realising by the groans and moans that it must be sex, he peeped again, struggling to focus, the picture cleared a little, two men appeared to be on another, a small man between them, tied, struggling to get free, was he dreaming still. He moved his head to look around, his head hurt and it was a struggle to see further than the television in front of him, that television, those pictures, those awful pictures, dominating his waking moments. The feet when he saw them,, were bare, feet and legs, bare, it was all he could see.

"I'm glad you're awake at last Leanne, my gay little sissy slut, I've been waiting patiently for you, we are going to have so much fun now, aren't we?" the voice breathed, his terror returning at the words and its electronic inhumanity as he found himself quivering, trembling with a cold cold fear.