 Hi guys, it's another made-up race fanfic, based on my crazy ideas. Reviews appreciated, and all that. Enjoy!

-------------------------------------------

My name is Kevin. I'm a wolf-human hybrid. Like the Scalians of yore, I'm a hermaphrodite. That's the way, generally, for cross-species hybrids. We run around on Volland, a planet about the size of Mars in a galaxy parallel to the Milky Way. Humans and Volffs have integrated well, because the humans are a very friendly race. The hybrids turn out with the two sets of genitals, and every bit of skin is covered in fur, besides the penis and the other two holes, the nipples on the breasts, and the eyes. We have wolf like heads and big bushy tails. We stand like humans and have similar body format, with arms and legs and the wolf-head. My coat is gray. I go for human guys. My partner's name is Colin. We have 2 kids, and I'm pregnant with a third. I am here to tell the story of us and how our family came to be.

I met Colin at work. I'm an "exotic dancer" at a club on Volland, frequented by humans and purebred Volffs. The Wild Wolf is a strip club-brothel kind of thing, and I'm the top stripper. I go through a few condoms per day, letting the customers do whatever they want with what they see. On that particular day, we had a water sport theme going on. I emerged from the changing room on to the stage in a scant speedo that covered my ass and my front, concealing my hips down to mid-thigh. Under this, I wore a thong that covered my cock and holes, but only barely. To add a feminine touch, I wore a strapless bikini top that concealed only the nipples on my DD breasts. Said nipples had been covered by suction cups with streamers, all concealed by the strapless bikini. I did the evocative dance, shaking my big, healthy ass and tail in a way that made the customers drool. The bikini came off, revealing the covers with the streamers. Those came off, exposing my pale red-brown nipples. After eliciting shouting begs from the crowd, the speedos came off and there I stood with my back up dancers, only in a thong. Colin was front-row, staring at my figure. The dancing drew to a close before anything else was shed, and I went around to the individual customers. I finally got around to Colin. 

"Hey, sweetie. You want a lap dance?"

"I was thinking of that, but I want something more afterwards. Can you take me to the Champagne Room?"

"Sure, honey. I'm excited for that." I said seductively, admiring his expensive taste in clothes: He had on Hugo Boss pants, along with a matching blazer. His shirt was a very thin white, showing off his fur-less skin. Colin the human extended a Rolex-bound wrist and grabbed my ass as we sauntered off to the Champagne Room. The Champagne room was the VIP section of the Wild Wolf, a place for the customers to have some privacy while on a sexual encounter or purely just getting a lap dance. He sat down, slipping off his jacket and shirt. He had perfectly toned biceps, massive in size. His six-pack abs were defined, and I could see a clear v-line down to his cock. The bulge definitely showed, even in his loose pants. He was obviously well-endowed. Colin smiled at me as I sat on his lap, stroking his muscles. 

"May I?" he said, reaching out to touch my breasts. I nodded, stroking his abs. He felt for my tits, fondling the nipples and holding them in his big, warm hands. I moved my hands to his belt, undoing it and thrusting it on to his pile of clothes. Colin's black boxer briefs did nothing to conceal his monster cock. He hardened, feeling my groping hands on the enormous piece of meat he concealed. Colin moaned as I stroked his cock, moving evocatively all over his lap. I removed his underwear, slapped in the face by a cock that was rock hard and at least 15 inches long. My 7 felt meager, less than half his size. 

"How is this even possible? This is the biggest thing I've ever seen!" I exclaimed, feeling his deep, bellowing laugh all the way in his thighs. 

"Genetics, hun, genetics."

"I want whatever gene that is. Definitely. And I have got to have it now. Right now." I brought my face down to his cock, swallowing the huge thing. I was half way before I choked. Colin pushed my head down on his cock, leaning in to the back of the seat. I breathed, trying to take more in. I managed to swallow the whole thing, and began to remove it, taking huge breaths as I choked a few times on his monster. He put his fingers behind my perked up ears, rubbing my skull. I seethed with pleasure, taking a break for a moment. After catching my breath and noticing he had gotten slightly larger, I examined the 17 inch cock. I decided it was feasible, and grabbed for a condom. I pulled the extra-large jumbo condom on to his meat, covering just over half of it. I licked his covered cock over, lubricating it. I pulled off my thong, exposing a rock hard 7" cock, separated from my gray coat and bright blue. He was amused by my color, smiling. I chucked the thong away and positioned myself on to his head. I pushed down, wincing as my tight pussy enveloped the fat member of his cock. I took more in, wincing again after 8" was inside me. I kept going, feeling my inner walls stretch as I moaned loudly. I finally took it all in and rested for a moment on his hips, then pulled off. I took it back, feeling my insides fill up with his enormous cock. I thrusted, feeling my insides mutilated. Colin stood up, pushing my body down on to the table. He thrusted in to me, moaning as his cock was swallowed by my tight cunt. He felt my walls close around him. I squealed in ecstasy, cumming all over his shaft. I felt him harden and his member twitch, realizing he was going to cum. His instincts kicked in, pulling out and laying my naked body on the table, removing the condom. He spurted a huge load on to me.

"What's your name, sweetie?" I asked.

"Colin. What about you, beautiful? What's your name?" I smiled at the compliment.

"Kevin." I wasn't really supposed to use my real name on the floors, but that didn't matter to me.

"Okay, Kevin. We should do something some time. And then this again. Okay?"

"Are you asking the stripper/prostitute you just fucked out on a date? Bad move, man." I said.

"Shut up."

"Okay, Colin. Whatever you say. And yes, we should do this again some time. Friday at 8?"

"Works for me, Kevin. I'll pick you up from here at 8." He put his clothes on and left, looking at me for one more time with those blue eyes. I didn't stop thinking about him as I showered, washing off his sperm. I didn't stop thinking about him until I finally saw him that Friday, waiting for his arrival, covered by a long black jacket, with a shear dress and lingerie under it. I was expecting another time like the last.