 Ian had only been on the ward a few days as part of his junior doctor rotation, so he didn't know about the consultant's rule that his office should be deemed to be locked at all times unless otherwise told so, since there was a problem with the lock, which hadn't been fixed. Therefore, when he went to drop off a leaving card (as he left for home) for one of the nurses for his boss to sign he was in for a surprise, although he had already checked to see if his boss was in. 

Since when he opened the door, he found his boss on his knees, with his mouth around one of the male nurse's cock, giving him a blow-job. He was obviously good at this, because the male nurse was moaning in sheer ecstasy and his cock, or what Ian could see of it, was hard as a proverbial rock. Quickly, Ian left the office with the leaving card still in his hands, lest he be discovered.

The next day after much consideration Ian returned to work. After all, perhaps when he thought about it logically, the male nurse was quite camp so him being gay was not much of a surprise and his boss drove a fancy two-seater sports car, but was young enough for his kids to still be at home, hence he didn't have any kids, plus he didn't seem to wear a wedding ring (not that Ian had especially noticed), so it was feasible. His train of thought, however, was interrupted by his boss speaking softly in his ear,

"I hear you were in my office last night." At this Ian suddenly turned around to protest, but his boss stopped him. "It doesn't matter, no one told you about my rule, but on the off chance did you happen to see something." He added knowing full well what Ian had seen.

Ian could hardly mumble, "Yes," before his boss interrupted him again, 

"You know if you would like to watch some more, there's probably going to be a repeat showing tonight." His boss added knowing full well that he sounded as corny as the plot for a 50's B-movie, but before Ian could reply his boss had disappeared and after all he did have patients to see.

Whilst at work every time Ian saw either his boss or the nurse concerned it made him very flustered, so much so, that he accidentally hurt a few patients whilst he was distracted. After all, he had considered experimenting whilst at university, and had fantasised about being with a man since, but he had a girlfriend at the time, and he didn't want to cheat on her, but now was different.

Come 5 o'clock he was still undecided, but as he walked past his boss' office he couldn't help himself and went in.

The scene in front of him was slightly different to the one he had glimpsed yesterday, as this time it was his boss that was being serviced by the nurse, who seemed to be as good at giving head as his boss judging by his boss' groans. Ian quietly shut the door and moved so that his foot was blocking it from opening, but so that he couldn't be seen from the corridor either. 

Safe in the knowledge that no-one in neither the corridor, nor the male nurse could see him and his boss had only recognised his presence with a surreptitious wink; Ian began to focus on the scene before him. As the male nurse, continued to suck gleefully at the cock in front of him, expertly licking the engorged purple head with his tongue and sucking the monster, occasionally showing his skill as he deep-throated the throbbing meat, which was around 9 inches long, until his mouth hit the base and he had a nose full of pubes. 

"Yeah! That's it Adrian! Suck it! Oh! That's good! That's very good! Thank God! I'm cumming! I'm cumming" The consultant moaned in the enthrals of ecstasy and cum he did as his cock spasmed, then erupted like a geyser showering Adrian's face with sticky man-juice, as he had pulled away upon the cries of "I'm cumming." Adrian began to sexily lick all the semen from his face with his tongue (or that he could reach anyway), when in mid-lick he noticed Ian's presence for the first time. Upon feeling his gaze, Ian noticed that his hand had slipped, unconsciously, to his crotch to adjust his ever increasing hard-on inside his pants.

"Eh! What's he doing here, Pete?" Adrian asked in his effeminate voice.

"It's alright Adrian, I invited him, when I found out he had seen us yesterday." At that moment Ian was about to complain, but he was silenced by his boss continuing. "He seems to have enjoyed the show so far, judging by the bulge in his pants." Pete added with his pants still around his ankles but with his sticky cock now much more flaccid. "What do you want to happen next, Ian?" He asked. 

"Um, I'm not really sure, maybe I could have a blow-job. I'm really just open to experimentation at the moment." Ian responded with a distinctive uneasy tone in his voice, as if he wasn't really speaking.

That, however, was all the encouragement Pete needed. No sooner had Ian finished speaking and Pete had pulled his pants up, Ian found his trousers around his ankles and Pete kissing his erect cock through his designer boxers. Pete eased the 8 incher out of the boxers and began to slowly stroke it up and down. Adrian took this as his cue to stand by the door in the same position as Ian had done earlier. Pete was now concentrating on the cock's head, stroking, twisting and lightly pinching at Ian's foreskin.


"Yes! That's it, suck me please!" Ian moaned as out of the corner of his eye he could see Adrian fiddling with his growing dick inside his trousers. Pete following Ian's instructions started to kiss and lick up and down the shaft, focusing on the end. He started kissing and licking Ian's balls and when he took one in his mouth it earned him a moan (plus a mouth full of pubes) from Ian. Unabated, Pete continued, taking the head in his mouth and giving it a little suck, causing Ian to moan even louder. Pete carried on sucking the cock taking ever more into his mouth on each downward movement and never letting his mouth become disconnected with the prize in front of him.

"Tell me when you're about to come" Pete told Ian as his mouth slipped from the cock for the first time in about five minutes. Ian could only mumble an inaudible reply as his face was contorted in sheer pleasure. Pete couldn't care less and resumed the task at hand as he continued to work his way down Ian's cock with his mouth. As he started to gag when the cock hit the back of his throat, Pete let his throat muscles relax and the cock gradually eased further down. The tight squeeze of Pete's throat muscles, however, was enough to send Ian over the edge as his cock was eased into the vice like grip of Pete's throat.

"I'm cumming!" Ian cried as his cock started the initial spasm. Unlike Adrian, Pete didn't fully pull away instead Ian's cum hit the back of his throat like a thunderbolt, Pete carried on regardless, sucking and sucking until Ian's cock was fully drained. Then he pulled away and allowed Ian to see his own semen glisten like a flickering light inside another man's mouth for the first time and he turned to show Adrian the full effects as well, all the time his mouth was wide open. Dramatically Pete shut his mouth and gave an exaggerated swallow, complete with gulp, and then reopened his mouth to show that all the semen, and it had been a mouthful, had been swallowed.

"Thanks," Ian said and that was about all he could muster, until he regained his breath and his composure, but it said enough.

"So, Ian," Adrian added as he saw Ian gradually regain his composure, "What would you like to do now?" 

By this time Ian's mind seemed to think, "Fuck it! You've done this much, just go for it!" So he responded, in a tone much more in keeping with his usual one, "Why don't you take your pants off, and I'll show you."

Quick as a flash, Adrian had removed his blue scrub pants and his underwear, whilst Ian had dropped to his knees. For the first time in his life, Ian was staring at another man's enlarged penis, which was inches from his face. Yet, instead of sucking, licking or even wanking it, he paused as if he was unsure of how to proceed. Then from over his left shoulder, he heard Pete who had obviously taken up a similar position by the door as Ian had done initially, 

"Just imagine your ultimate dream blow-job and reciprocate." Pete advised. Ian started to do just that as he slowly began to stroke up and down the shaft with alternating spiral and vertical motions. Occasionally, he would concentrate his stroking on the bell-end giving it a squeeze here, a pinch there and, as he started feeling more sure of his abilities and his sexuality, a lick there.

Sensing Ian's uneasiness, Adrian moaned encouragingly, "Umm! That's nice! Keep doing what you're doing!" What Ian was doing seemed to have a positive effect, since Adrian's cock now seemed fully erect, and was roughly the same size and thickness as Ian's cock, (8 inches and approximately 1 inch in diameter), but unlike his own, Adrian's cock seemed to have a slight curvature to it. Ian took one of Adrian's balls in his mouth and like Pete before him earned a moan and a mouthful of pubes, but then Ian's tongue somehow snaked out and gave the base of Adrian's cock a lick. He removed his mouth from Adrian's balls and carried on slowly, licking up his engorged shaft, when he reached the bell, (Adrian was circumcised), his tongue hovered before he started to flick it from side to side so that the tip lightly brushed against the end every time. "Yes! Yes! Yes! That's it! That's the spot! Right there! Suck me!" Adrian panted. Ian did as he was told and slowly began to take the head inside his moist mouth, sliding his face down until he started to gag, as around half of Adrian's penis was inside his mouth. Ian tried to relax his throat so he could deep throat the cock, but he couldn't quite manage it. So instead he started bobbing up and down on Adrian's shaft, whilst smoothly stroking the base, so that as his mouth slid up and down his hand followed it. On one of his downward bobs, Ian lifted Adrian's balls with his left hand so as he started to gag, he could flick his long tongue out and gently lick the top of his balls. "Yum! That's nice! That's good! Oh my God! Carry on! Carry on!" Adrian moaned. Ian continued with his sucking, licking and stroking, working his way up and down Adrian's dick with alternating fast and slow rhythms. As he came up for what seemed like the hundredth time, licking and smoothly stroking as he went, it appeared to send Adrian over the edge and he yelled "I'm cumming!" Ian unsure what he was 'supposed' to do now, kept gently masturbating Adrian's penis, with a slightly spiral motion, and this was sufficient for Adrian to start shooting his plentiful load, most of which stayed in Ian's firm hand or spread on his shirt. Ian decided then that he wanted to taste another man's sticky love juice for the first time, so as Adrian's dick shot his last load leaving run-off on his cock, Ian went down and cleaned Adrian up with his tongue.

"It tastes like salty egg white." He stated, with a facial grimace that said that he hadn't particularly enjoyed his first sample of another man's semen. By this time Pete had moved towards Ian and Adrian and had grabbed Ian's sticky hand and had begun to clean it with his tongue, before moving on to Ian's shirt, to clean up the more solid areas there, the smile on Pete's face told Ian that Pete enjoyed the taste of semen much more than he did. 

"So Ian, did you enjoy that?" A now recovered Adrian asked.

"Yeah actually, it was quite nice. It seems you enjoyed it." He joked.

"Well if that was your first blow-job, then you, my friend are a natural. I've had experienced boyfriends who couldn't give head half as well as you." Adrian complimented.

"So, what are we going to do now?" Ian asked

"What time is it?" Pete replied.

"Shit!" Adrian said as he looked at his watch. "It's twenty to seven. Sorry, but I've got to be off."

"Fuck! Is it? Cos I'd better be off too. Shall we continue this tomorrow?" Pete asked.

"Tomorrow's Saturday." Ian replied, as if this was an after-work thing.

"Even better, we can have all day." Pete replied, thinking that all weekend wouldn't be out of the question. "Shall we meet at my house at say eleven."

"Why not make it ten." Adrian replied eagerly.

"Fine by me." Ian replied.

"OK, ten at my house. Do you know where it is, Ian?" Pete asked knowing full well that Adrian had been to his place on numerous occasions, for varying purposes.

"Erm, no, sorry I don't." Ian responded.

At this Pete gave Ian directions, whilst Adrian left, before Pete and Ian left as well.

That night, after dinner in his small terraced house, just around the corner from the hospital, Ian's thoughts turned to sex. As he wanked himself off, with a basic pumping action, his thoughts turned to ass-fucking another man, being ass fucked and finally deep throating another man's erect penis. Something which he had practised for during his dinner on two bananas and after several unsuccessful attempts, he finally succeeded in swallowing the entire length of the banana, which was around six inches, but he thought that perhaps the two beers he had drunk by then, might have helped. As he drifted off to sleep his thoughts turned to tomorrow and he and his mates were going to do.