 Back in my hotel room I'd already stripped down to my boxers and vest in anticipation of his arrival. He'd been looking at me in the lobby bar for a while and we'd had snatches of conversation. He finished work at 2 p.m., so I figured there was an opportunity for him to slip up to my room before he left the hotel. At one point he hid from the view of the other staff at the side of a large drinks cabinet and fondled his crotch. When I called for the bill I signed, and pointing to my room number, asked if he'd remember it. As he bent over to pick up the bill he whispered, 'see you soon.'

When the faint knock came I opened the door and he quickly stepped inside, removing his shoes as I shut the door behind him. I noticed he wasn't wearing socks. He seemed shy now, just nodding hello, though the growing bulge in the front of my boxers must have removed any fears that he'd come there by mistake. I kissed him briefly, then unbuttoned his waiter's shirt, removed it and hung it on the back of a chair. Like me, he was wearing a white vest underneath and he pulled it up over his head, revealing the dark smooth skin of his torso, his delicately carved abdominal muscles and the flat expanse of his chest. His nipples were small and dark, and there were black hairs, sparse and wiry, around his navel.

He was still wearing his black uniform trousers as I held him tightly, feeling his warm body and kissing his lips, dry at first but increasingly thick and warm and moist. My cock was hard and stiff already, standing up in the front of my boxers, and he fondled it through the soft silk, a small wet patch appearing in the maroon and yellow paisley pattern. I undid his belt and unzipped his fly, plunging my hand in to feel the warm cotton of his briefs and the firm flesh underneath. I pulled his trousers off and folded them on the chair. He had slim but muscular legs, like a long distance runner, and the skin was paler than that on his chest. Short dark hairs covered his legs and stray crinkled pubic hairs poked out from one leg of his white underpants.

I held him more tightly, pressing our erections together and feeling the heat of his skin and body, sliding my arms down his back and over the hard rising muscles of his backside, the muscles clenching as he massaged his groin against mine. I took a breather to remove my vest, and as I pulled it over my head I felt his hands unbutton the fly of my boxers and pull the opening apart, revealing my stiff cock to the light of day.

'Shall I draw the curtains?' he asked.

'It's OK. We're twenty-two floors up; I don't think anyone can see.'

He smiled and dropped down to his knees, grabbing my cock with his left hand and pulling it fully out of my shorts. He nuzzled the head, sniffed it deeply, then slid the foreskin back and wrapped his mouth around the glans. Slowly, slowly, he started sucking hard on my cock, licking the head and nibbling the string of flesh underneath, lathering the full length of the shaft then burying it deep into his mouth. The sucking and massaging felt great and I could feel my balls rising underneath. His right hand slipped into the leg of my boxers and massaged underneath, gradually moving back between my legs to probe at my hole. After some minutes of this soft, erotic pleasure he removed his hands and yanked my boxers down, and I stepped out of them, feeling my naked body warm and responsive to his stimulation.

He continued to work on my cock, sucking my scrotum and licking my balls, then diving back hungrily onto the head. Both his hands now moved behind and massaged my arse, splaying the cheeks and pushing his fingers into my anus as his head buried down into my pubic hair.

I felt I was already close to coming, so withdrew from his mouth and lifted him up. He was still in his white briefs, his cock large and stiff across the front of them. I laid him face down on the end of the bed, his legs down to the floor, and pulled the back of his briefs down. His buttocks were slim, smooth, with a small j-shaped scar on the left one. I pulled his cheeks apart to reveal the small neat dark hole and plunged my face into it, licking and lubricating the wrinkled skin and pushing my tongue inside. Face down on the bed, I could hear him moaning, and his body was twitching in pleased response.

With my face still buried in his arse and my tongue working overtime, my hands grabbed the sides of his briefs and pulled them down over his thighs and lower legs, taking them off and throwing them up on the chair with his clothes. I took each of his legs in turn and placed them on my shoulders, kneeling behind him as he remained face down on the bed. I began long licking strokes away from his anus towards his balls, pressing and kneading with my nose, face and tongue. His balls were small and tight, the skin of his sac hairless and very smooth. I could see his pendulous cock hard and twitching underneath in response to my actions.

I slipped my right hand underneath him and started masturbating his erection and I heard him saying 'oh, yes' quietly as he gripped the bedspread with his hands. He turned back towards me and said, 'go on, fuck me'. I grabbed the tube of lubricant I'd put on the card table in preparation for this and smeared it over his hole, pushing some inside him, then smothering my hard-on with the gel. The tip of my cock was oozing sticky fluid already, so I took no time in pressing the head against his hole and pushing my way in.

His rectum was searingly hot and held my cock in a tight grip. I pressed steadily and firmly in, and the lube made the entry smooth. He let out a deep moan and I could see his hands and arms relax on the bed. I put the palms of my hands on the bed too and began fucking in and out, letting the full length of my swollen cock plunge into him, my balls crushing against the bedspread. As I picked up speed and rhythm I moved my hands to his hips, squeezing his body and forcing it to rise up to meet my thrusting. The sight of his slim dark body underneath me, the squeezing grip of his insides and the force of my pumping soon made my whole body spasm. My muscles jerked and strained as the cum shot out of my lunging cock and into his body. I kept pushing, thrusting as hard as I could until I was spent, then fell with my hands on the bed, gasping for breath.

I stayed like that for a minute or two, enjoying the sensation of feeling tired, hot, sleazy and elated. Then I pulled the thick flesh of my cock gently out of him, long dark and glistening, until his treasure cave closed completely.

He rolled onto one side and I lay beside him as we kissed slowly and deeply, holding each other close. His cock was long and thin, but hard. He grabbed the lube from behind me and smeared it over his erection, smiling at me. I lay on my back and he got between my legs, lifting them up onto his shoulders, splaying my arse wide. My hole was hot and distended from fucking and the gel felt cold when he squeezed it in and massaged inside.

Despite the slender appearance of his cock, it felt huge sliding into me, and it seemed to go on forever. I could feel his coarse pubic hairs against my underside and he just sat inside me for a while as his hands ran over my front, pinching at the nipples and stroking my chin. Then he was away in earnest, thrusting in and out of me, his lean muscles contracting and pulling under his skin, the sweat a light glow on his body, forming beads on his upper lip.

I could feel his cock swollen and pulsing inside me, pushing this way and that, driving in hard then pulling back faster, each time pounding relentlessly on. My own cock began to stiffen again with the sensation, heightening the feeling of his stiff rod fucking inside me. His tempo was suddenly urgent and he bit his lower lip, then he moaned very loudly (would the guests next door hear?) as I felt the stinging heat of his juices squirt into me, the head of his cock lunging deep inside as he pumped out his seed.

We were both covered in sweat when he'd finished and we lay together for a long time, stroking each other's hair, kissing softly and nibbling at each other's necks and chests.

'I have to go or the security guard will ask too many questions,' he said as I began to feel dozy. He wiped himself down with a damp towel in the bathroom, not having enough time to shower, then quickly dressed back into his uniform. I slipped my boxers on and kissed him at the door before he left.

'See you tomorrow?' he asked.

'I'm here for another five days,' I smiled. He smiled back, with a wink, and slipped down the corridor and out the exit door.