 "You're on your way home, Sir? Now?"

"I am."

Hal bit his bottom lip. Shoot, shoot, shoot. He hadn't planned anything for dinner. "How long until you get here?" 

Mac drove one-handed down their street, other hand holding his cell. "Actually, I'm about to pull in the drive."

Hal ran a hand through his hair, mind whirling. A sudden flash of lights in the driveway caught his attention and he glanced out the dining room window. Sure enough, there sat Mac's car. 

Well, there went defrosting anything. And oh God, he was dressed! He was not supposed to be dressed when they were at home, and Mac just pulled up and there was nothing ready for dinner and just...

"Shit." Hal winced. "Aw, man. Sir, I didn't mean to say that, it's just—" 

"I know you didn't, boy. You've done very well cleaning up your language, but that's still one."

Hal bit his lip again. That was one strike with the leather belt, and Mac wasn't even in the door yet. He was tempted to argue that Sir had surprised him arriving home early, thus the cuss word had slipped out. Since he was surprised, he really hadn't earned that demerit. He also knew arguing would only earn him another one, so he kept his mouth shut. 

"Sir, I-I didn't cook dinner." He hadn't seen the need when it was just him. "I thought... But yesterday you weren't coming come until... Oh, God, I'm dressed too and—"

"Calm down, Hal. I know you weren't expecting me. Things wrapped up early and I wanted to surprise you. Don't worry about not having dinner ready for me or about being dressed. I wasn't home so you don't have to be nude. You're not going to be punished, so stop biting that lip. " 

Hal immediately stopped. "How did you know I—"

Mac laughed softly. "Because, boy, you always do that when you're nervous." 

"Damn, I do?" Hal's eyes widened.

"Yes, so stop. If I want your lips sore and puffy, I'll make them that way. And Hal?"

That sounded like fun. Maybe Mac would let him suck him off first. There was nothing he liked more than giving his Sir head. "Y-yes?"

Mac sighed. "That's two. Language, Hal."

Hal's mouth fell open. Not another one! Why was he suddenly having trouble controlling his tongue? "Crap. Jeez, I didn't mean... Arrrgh!"

"Boy, you really need to calm down. You know how you're supposed to behave. Now, take a breath and get yourself under control. Stop and think before you act."

Hal took a deep breath. His Sir was right. He needed to get a hold of himself. "Yes, Sir. I'm trying. I'm also sorry about dinner."

"Don't worry about it. Not having dinner ready isn't the end of the world, especially when you weren't expecting me home. Besides, we can eat out or order in... later."

Hal's stomach tightened. "Later?"

"Yes, later." Mac turned off the vehicle and opened the driver's door. "Do you remember what we talked about? What I said I wanted as my coming home gift?"

Hal blushed down to his knees. Oh yes, he did indeed. "Yes, Sir."

"You have thirty minutes." Mac hung up and walked to the back patio.

Hal shut his cell and hurried upstairs to accomplish the tasks they'd talked about last night. The first thing he did was take note of the time. Mac had given him thirty minutes, which meant he didn't have time to mess around. 

He turned the table lamp on low, then unmade the bed. As he smoothed the white satin sheet back, his eyes fell on his wrists. A slight smile crossed his face as he stared. His two-inch wide cuffs were black Latigo leather embossed with thorns. The steel O-rings were etched with an ivy motif. He touched the matching collar around his neck and shivered. 

Both the collar and the cuff were handmade and beautifully detailed. Mac had designed them especially for him. No one else would ever have a pair exactly like what his Sir had made for him. Mac had given them to him on his twenty-fifth birthday. In the five years since, Hal wore them proudly, wanting everyone to know he belonged to Mac.

He stripped, folded his clothes, and left them on the chair in their bedroom. Opening the toy chest, he moved things around until he found the black leather blindfold. This one had an elastic band. He slipped it around his neck, for now. Next, he grabbed the black ball gag Mac had mentioned, and then hunted for the vibrating plug he was supposed to use. 

He set it on low, lubed it up, and eased it into his ass. He grunted as the widest part stretched his ring before sliding inside. He should've taken the time to loosen his hole, but time wasn't something he had much of at present. 

He really didn't want to start the night off with a spanking because he hadn't obeyed orders. Playful spanking was one thing—punishment spanking was quite another. The bright flare of pain passed finally and he moved on to the next thing on his 'to do' list. He picked up the cock ring and slid it on his dick. 

"Oh, shit." Hal closed his eyes and fought the urge to come. Good thing he was alone or that would be number three.

Just the thought of what tonight would bring had his balls churning. Once he had his body under control, he opened his eyes. Taking a deep breath, he picked up the nipple chain. The ends were rubber tipped, and a chain ran from one clamp to the other. Hand shaking, he squeezed his left nipple and attached the clamp. His breath, hissing out as pleasurable pain, shot straight to his cock. He clenched his teeth as pleasure finally battled back pain. Fuck, that hurt so good. 

He loved having his nipples played with until they were puffy and sore... until he screamed. A shudder shook his frame and he quickly clamped his other nub. Now was not the time to get lost in his head. But Jesus, they ached... throbbed, begging for attention. Unable to help himself, Hal flicked the chain. The sweet bit of pain raced through him. He cried out as the sharp little tingles settled in his cock.

Oh, God.

Taking a deep breath, he fought his trembling body. Want, need, desire, pain... all tangled in his head. He needed so badly. A soft whimper escaped, the tiny sound inflaming him more. The urge to stroke his cock was a living thing. Need pressed against him, a sensual flame that licked across his skin, tempting him. 

"No," he whispered. The sound of his voice steadied him, brought his rampaging desire under control. This was a gift and he refused to allow his body to spin out of control. 

That was his Sir's job. Mac would enjoy seeing his nubs clamped, waiting to be tortured. The chain from his clamped nipples swung as he moved. Hal swallowed a moan, his cock jerking against his belly, the head damp with excitement. His breath caught and he froze, need threatening to swamp him. When it finally passed, he slumped. He fervently hoped Mac was in a generous mood, or there was a good chance he'd come without permission tonight. He needed that badly. 

He checked the time again. He didn't have long. He focused on the headboard. It had three posts while the footboard only had two, but they all had O-rings. Hal tied two short ropes to the middle ring, leaving both on the bed. He'd need those shortly. The frame had more O-rings along the sides. He picked up the rope they kept under the bed, his hands trembling harder. They always left the rope threaded through the rings. It was the perfect set-up to tie his legs open.

He slowly positioned himself on the bed. Hal sat with his knees pointing up to the ceiling and tied the rope around one knee. He finished the knots holding him hostage and tested the give. There wasn't much. Perfect. He secured his other leg. There would be no closing his legs now, no matter how much he struggled. His cock throbbed harder at the thought. 

Helpless.

Panting slightly, he reached over to the night table where the gag set. Hal stared at it, then slipped the ball into his mouth and buckled it around his head. The firm, black ball rested on his tongue—his ability to speak taken from him. 

Spikes of pleasure flowed from his head to his toes, and he still wasn't done with all he needed to do. His cock throbbed, drops of precome rolling down a shaft that was an angry red. He knew better than to touch. His cock was no longer his; it belonged to his Sir. But he wanted.

Hal lay back on the bed. If he touched himself he knew he'd come, and that was not how he wanted the evening to end. He pulled the blindfold that rested around his neck over his eyes. Darkness surrounded him. His excited whimpers sounded against the gag, fighting for release. His dick screamed with need. 

Fear and pleasure crashed through him, sending him into overdrive. He lay there, struggling to calm his body. When he could breathe without sobbing out his need, he reached blindly above his head for the rope tied to the center post. Carefully, he tied it to one cuff. 

Now, for the other cuff. This was the tricky part, since he couldn't see. 

He felt around at the top of the bed for the other rope, taking his time until his fingers brushed across it. Okay, he found it, now to tie the rope to his other cuff. There was only one thing left to do. Could he do it? Could he purposely bind himself—make himself helpless. Wait until his Sir came inside and released him? Heart pounding, he fumbled around until he managed to tied the rope to the other cuff. 

Once again he whimpered against the gag, fear battling to overcome excitement. He'd done it! And oh God, he was tied open, helpless, clamped, gagged, blindfolded, and plugged. The cock ring tightened even more. He might be afraid, but his cock was hard as a brick. The low-level buzzing from the plug buried deep within his ass had precome leaking from his dick. 

Now... he waited.

* * * *

Mac relaxed on the back patio, checking his watch. There were still ten minutes to go. He rubbed his hand over his stiff cock, imagining what was taking place upstairs. He tried to focus on the gentle waves and soft light from the in-ground pool in front of him, but couldn't. 

He grinned. The day before he left, he had chained Hal to the handrail in the shallow end of the pool and teased him unmercifully for several hours before fucking him. That end of the pool was shaded, so he hadn't had to worry about Hal's fair skin burning. 

He checked his watch once more. Thirty minutes had finally passed. Standing, he strode across the flagstone patio, unlocked the backdoor, and entered the kitchen. After five days at a work-related conference, they were both ready for him to get home. And he'd told Hal, his submissive, just what exactly he wanted to come home to.

Of course, if Hal ever tied himself up like this without him there to protect him, Mac would beat his ass until he couldn't sit for a week. Which was why he sat on the back porch while Hal got ready. Never would he let his sub take such a risk. Anything could happen—while tied, Hal was helpless. 

Mac looked up the stairs, his grin decidedly wicked. His sub was up there... bound and waiting. Mac let himself inside and slowly climbed the steps leading to the bedroom. Silently, he stood in the door. Nothing got his blood pumping like seeing Hal restrained. 

He stopped near the bed and cleared his throat. He knew Hal heard him enter the room from the way his body tensed, but he wanted to make sure. He hadn't taken Hal's ability to hear during their scenes, at least not yet. Hal was still new enough to the lifestyle he tended to panic if he couldn't relate to his environment in some way.

Mac trailed his finger up Hal's cock. "Excellent job, my sweet sub. I'm very proud of you."

Hal's body twitched in pleasure from Mac's words, a bead of precome leaking from his cock. A muffled groan worked its way from under the gag in Hal's mouth. 

"Excited, aren't you?" Mac rubbed the bead of precome around the top of Hal's cock, watching it jump from his light touch. "Five days is a long time, I know. I've missed you too. I ache to feel you twitching around my dick as I fill you. Hand jobs just aren't the same."

Hal's hands fisted in the cuffs. 

Mac licked the precome off his fingers, making enough noise Hal could hear him, and sat on the bed between Hal's spread legs. "The plug was a little big, wasn't it? Did it burn as you inserted it? Bet it did, since I didn't give you much time to prepare. But that burn faded, yes? To be replaced with another kind of burn... a burning need for the real thing."

Mac admired the view of the plug nestled in Hal's ass. He tapped the plug gently, slowly fucking Hal with it. His sub's toes curled into the bedding and the muscles in his legs tightened as more precome slid down Hal's dick.

"Oh yes, very excited. I wonder if you'll be able to wait for permission to come? Will I have to spank that gorgeous ass of yours tonight? I do so love to see your skin redden under my hand." Mac bent and licked the length of Hal's dick. 

A sharp whine sounded from the man tied to the bed. 

"Or, maybe I should use the paddle. After all, if you come without permission that is breaking a rule."

Mac closed his mouth over Hal's dick, taking him to the root. His nose brushed against Hal's hairless groin. Frantic sounds broke from around the gag in Hal's mouth, and after several minutes, Mac lifted his head, removing the source of torment.

"It wouldn't take much for you to lose control, would it, my desperate little sub?"

Mac tweaked the clamped nipples. Truth be known, he was as needy as Hal. Five fucking days—God, that was too long, and he needed Hal as much as Hal needed him. Mac brushed his lips across the inside of Hal's knee. The soft skin roughened with chill bumps. Hal was normally very sensitive, but tonight, he was too sensitive.

Mac rested his head against Hal's knee. "I think we're both too close to losing control. We need to take the edge off, boy, or this night isn't going to be much fun for either of us." He felt the tension drain out of Hal.

"I'm going to jack you off. You may come when you need." He unzipped his pants and pulled his dick out of his underwear. He saw Hal jerk at the sound of his zipper going down. "That's right, I'm jacking off too. I'll last a long time when I'm fucking you."

Mac reached for the lube Hal had left on the night table.

Hal moaned. 

Mac stoked Hal while jacking his own shaft, working them towards orgasm. The grunts coming from Hal told Mac it wouldn't be long. Seeing his sub twist on the bed, hips thrusting, was enough to make his balls tighten, a familiar churning in his gut warning him.

"I'm close, boy. Want you to... Want you to... Shit! Come with me... now."

A sharp scream pushed through the gag in Hal's mouth as his seed covered Mac's hand. Mac followed shortly, making sure to come on Hal's groin. The fact it hadn't taken long for both of them to come told him he'd done the right thing. Now they could enjoy the slow build-up of their night together. 

Mac patted Hal on the leg as he stood. As he did, he glanced down. Hal lay on the bed, the rapid rise and fall of his chest slowing as he basked in the afterglow. This was much better. Now the tension could come from what he did to Hal, not Hal fighting his own body.

"Yes, much better now. Think we need to give those tender nipples a break before we start again, Hal." 

That was the only warning Hal received before Mac removed the clamps and rubbed the susceptible little nubs. Hal arched on the bed and cried out against the gag. 

"Easy. I know it hurts. It'll stop in a second."

From having his own nipples clamped, Mac knew that little ripples of pleasurable pain arrowed straight to Hal's dick... a dick still soft, but interested. Mac slipped the cock ring off and went to the bathroom for a towel. Once he cleaned Hal, he tossed the towel in the laundry basket, and switched on the TV. 

"Thirty minutes to recuperate, then we start again. Is the plug still vibrating?" 

Hal nodded his head.

Mac grinned. "Good."

* * * *

Hal lay on the bed, pleasure ruling his body. Wave after wave washed through him as the ropes held him close. When Mac first bound him, he'd been worried he'd feel restricted—and the ropes did do that—but they also brought about a feeling of security. He could let go and trust Mac to take care of him, trust the ropes to hold him. As they experimented, Hal found he didn't care much for the S & M side of BDSM. Some pain was okay, and he even enjoyed it. Most times he could use the pleasure to get past the pain. Hardcore scenes with extreme pain... yeah, those were not his thing. He was no masochist.

"Time to start."

Hal shivered on the bed as Mac replaced the nipple clamps and cock ring. As soon as Mac spoke, Hal's cock hardened completely. Cocking his head, he listened to Mac moving around the room, but couldn't see, thanks to the blindfold. What was Mac doing?

The whistle of something cutting through the air warned what was coming. A sharp sting on the inside of his thighs spread quickly. He swallowed. The pain was by no means bad, more startling. There was edge, a bite to it, a warning of what could come next. It headed straight for his cock, but the sting felt different. His mind scrambled. What was Mac wielding? A flogger? No, that couldn't be right. It didn't feel like a flogger. 

Without sight, he couldn't figure out what Mac used. It also didn't feel like a crop. Several more hits landed, one to his stomach, another on his pec. Then three quick hits right above his groin. A rush of burning pleasure spread through his lower body. Jesus, that was close to his pride and joy.

What was Mac using? Another hit landed and... Wait. Okay, that felt like plastic. What did they own that felt like...? Hal moaned softly as a light bulb went off in his mind. Oh, God, yes, knew exactly what Mac held. He had felt that before. Mac had swatted his leg last week at the pool... with a flyswatter. He'd reacted to the hit by getting hard. 

The pain wasn't bad, but it was sharp and swift. And of course Mac had commented on his reaction. He'd even gone on to say he had a flyswatter he used strictly for play. Hal's cock jumped against his belly as nervousness and excitement flowed through him. Hal grunted as the muscles in his legs tightened for the next hit. 

"Figured out what that was, boy?" 

Several more blows rained down—some were on the inside of his thighs, but a few hits were on the outside of his legs, his calves. Hal twisted in the ropes, moaning wantonly. Bits of pain mixed with the pleasure. He needed... Oh, oh, yes! His body arched as another hit landed. The sweet sting circulated through him, heightening his need, before focusing on his aching cock.

"You like that, don't you?"

Hal quickly nodded his head. He knew to respond when asked a direct question, even if all he could do was bob his head.

"Love how your skin reddens for me." Mac bent down and kissed a mark. "How hard your cock is. You make me proud, boy. So sexy in your submission."

Hal's hips thrust, his cock weeping his desire on his belly. Frantic for relief, fighting for something and desperately fucking the air, Hal whined. He needed, oh God, he needed. 

Mac stroked Hal's cock. "Beautiful, just beautiful. So flushed and hard for me... wanting."

Hal whimpered into the gag, and finally his body went limp against the restraints. Fighting for what he wanted wasn't going to work. Only when he completely submitted would he be allowed to come—although begging for what he needed never hurt. Sir liked to hear him plead.

Mac stripped off his clothes. He knew that sound—Hal had finally stopped fighting him for control. He eased the plug out and gently blew against Hal's hole, watching as it twitched, begging to be filled with him, not plastic. He spread the lube on himself and added a bit more to Hal. There wouldn't be pain involved... unless he wanted there to be. 

Mac pulled off the blindfold, and Hal blinked several times before focusing. Quickly, Mac released the gag and the ropes holding Hal's legs. He did not, however, undo the rope holding Hal's wrists hostage. Mac positioned himself between Hal's legs, bent over him, and kissed his lover. Their tongues dueled, lashing together, enforcing the bond between them. 
