 {Disclaimer: this story contains a transitioned ftm - female-to-male gay character. However, it's not classified under "Transsexuals and Crossdressers", 

as the author sees this as a gay erotica story regardless. If this does not suit your tastes, please do not read further. If you -do-, enjoy yourself! ]     (



   He had been waiting there all night. 

The ice in his glass of rum and coke was mere slivers, the condensation along the outside a chill reminder of how long he had been sitting at the seedy bar. 

This wasn't Erik's scene. His pierced ears pounded with music that was far off from his tastes and although he was a smoker himself, 

nothing could remove the dry bitterness in his throat from the cloud that hung inside the building. 

His tongue played over the metal ring that ran through his full lower lip, his mind attempting to push past the shrill singer's voice and figure out why the 

hell he was here in the first place. 

   "It can't be all -that- bad, can it?" a deep baritone called out next to him. Erik rolled his hazel eyes, not even looking up to put a face to the voice 

as he responded loudly. 

   "I'm not a regular. And yes." He sighed, although he couldn't even hear himself do it. A strong hand on his shoulder finally made his eyes move from the 

ever-so-interesting alcoholic beverage. 

Erik was never an intimidating figure. At barely 5'8, with a slender but toned frame, he hadn't had a day since hitting 21 where he wasn't carded for smokes or drinks. 

Perhaps it was the spiky mess of blond hair or the way he only had a small soulpatch of matching color beneath his pouting lips. 

But THIS man... 

He drank in the sight of this stranger and it intoxicated him faster than any shots in this place could. His sparkling eyes were brown with sparks of green around 

the edges. His dark brown hair was cropped and coifed with a part to one side, which complimented the look of the goatee that wrapped around his lips. He was taller 

by a few inches, but then again most men were, and although Erik could see the muscles in his upper body through the button shirt and traditional vest, his had 

enough weight on him to look healthy and content. 

   "Sorry lad, did you want me to leave you be?" 

A shake of his head brought him out of his momentary trance, giving a nervous chuckle in attempt to break the awkwardness of what he had been doing. 

   "No, please stay. Forgive me. The name's Erik," he rattled out quickly, offering a hand to the other male. Upon looking down, he saw that the man 

was leaning on a cane, favoring his right leg. He shifted slightly to accept the gesture of greeting. 

   "Call me Ward if you'd like. A pleasure, Erik." 

Something struck him, even though it was against most everything he believed in. He wanted to fuck this guy, and to hell with what he knew of him besides his name. 

With a gulp and a surprised look from the new acquaintance, Erik chugged down the last of the flat drink and grinned. 

   "Can we get the hell out of here?" 





   "I need to fuck you...-now-." 

Ward's hand ran up Erik's chest and tugged hard at the fabric with a lust that was met only by Erik himself. They were barely in the door of the man's apartment, 

and even though he was attempting to get his bearings in the dimly-lit living room, Erik's attention was pulled elsewhere. He felt the rock-hard cock under the 

tight jeans the man wore and blushed slightly, even as he moved to start unbuttoning his own shirt. Those gorgeous eyes on his flesh burned into him as he 

stripped off the fabric and quickly felt fingers sliding along his warm skin. Then lips...hot and needy across his collarbone and shoulder. It sent sparks 

throughout Erik's entire body but -fuck- did he want more. 

   "Is...did you want to..." was all Erik got out amidst low whimpers and moans, his body already trembling with nerves and excitement. Ward roughly stuck 

fingers into the top of Erik's jeans and lead him down the hall and into the master bedroom. 

   "Get on the fucking bed." 

Erik winced at the command, not used to being spoken to in such a manner but he did so regardless. The sheets felt cool against his warm back as he wriggled into 

place, with Ward abandoning his cane quickly to pin the smaller boy down by his wrists. A gasp of slight protest was enough to make the man's cock strain harder 

against the zipper and although Erik was cautious, he -needed- to be fucked. A shiver ran through his body as lips pressed and sucked hard against the tender skin of his neck. 

   "Put your arms up, pet.." Ward cooed out softly, a contrast to his quick and forceful movements as he cuffed Erik's wrists to the bedposts. Sliding his fingers 

down the flat chest, if he had noticed the slightly raised scarring on Erik, Ward hadn't mentioned a thing. Erik's back arched to the touches, his hips gyrating up at 

his new lover. A chuckle emerged from the man's lips at this, tsktsk'ing. 

   "Seems you want something from me..." Ward unbuttoned the top of the jeans, letting his fingers tease the hipbones that emerged. "Tell me, pet, what exactly -is- it that you need?" 

A whine was all the response Erik could muster as the expert fingers moved lower, unzipping, playing in his dense pubic hair and lowering the material further. 





                    Silence. 



   "You're trans." 

It was a statement, not a question and Erik held his breath for what seemed like an eternity...until it was blown out to inhale a gasp as Ward's lips found the small cock nestled just below without another word said. Erik's lips tried to leak out words. 

   "Shut the hell up and let me blow you, Erik." 

It was the first time the man had used his name since the bar and it gave him a renewed sense of security. 

This guy knew what he was doing. His lips stroked perfectly along the engorged shaft, lustfully sucking up the juices that swarmed the area and Erik could do nothing but clench his fists in the restraints and rock his hips toward his lover's face. His leg muscles were tensing and the groans could not be held back as Erik neared explosion. 

   "Don't you dare come. You'll do that once my cock is buried in your tight little ass." 

Erik whimpered and tried desperately to remove himself from the man's hot mouth. A slap struck true across his cheek, although all motion did stop. 

   "You want something, you ask for it. Only -I- take what I want." Ward had moved himself up over top of Erik once more, and suddenly their hard cocks touched. Obviously despite himself, Ward let out a groan of pleasure at that, much to Erik's pride. He started grinding upwards but quickly stopped upon remembering his stinging face. 

   "Please fuck me. I need you inside me." Erik bit his lip shyly, now allowing his hips to raise and slide his cock against the pulsing one above him. God, how he 

wished he could reach out and stroke it...suck it...but the clacking sound the cuffs made against the headboard reminded him how futile his hopes were for that right now. 

   Perhaps not. 

Ward crawled his way up Erik's chest, straddling his face and carefully lowering his muscled ass down. Erik felt the man's tight but full sack against the bridge of his nose 

and breathing in the musky scent was enough to get his mouth watering. 

   "Prove it. Fuck -me- with that tongue of yours." 

Erik wasted no time dipping into that tight ring, his saliva drenching the hot skin and making his captor groan. He could hear the wet sound of Ward furiously jacking himself off 

above him and it drove Erik into a frenzy, tongue-fucking his lover with all the fury he wished -he- could be receiving from the man's cock right then. It was so warm, so inviting... 

   "Fuck...-fuck-" Ward cursed through clenched teeth, grinding himself down on Erik's face as he neared orgasm. Putting a hand out to steady himself on the headboard gave Erik just enough reach to grab the man's forearm. As if the gesture had spoken to him, all movement stopped in Ward's body. He laughed, lust-strained with a shake of his head. 

   "I guess I should save my load for you, hmm? Why waste my seed when it could be dripping out of your ass instead." 

He waited for no response as he moved himself into position between Erik's legs, reaching over to the nightstand nearby to squeeze warm lube onto his hard dick. 

  "Lift your legs, Erik..." 

Even as he did so, Erik felt Ward's hands press against the crook of his knee, pushing them closer to his chest and his ass into the ready. Jesus, was he ready.... 

It always hurts at first. 

Erik whined, not realizing just how thick a cock his captor had until this moment when it was 

forcing itself into his tight orifice. It felt hot and filling and it was precisely what Ward had been 

waiting for...lusting for... 

   "Light, you're fucking tight, pet. Fuck!" the man gritted out, even as he plunged himself in deeper. He wasn't satisfied until he was buried to the balls, and Erik enjoyed every inch of eight that he wrapped around like a glove. He licked his lips and gave a thrust toward his lover. 

    "Please fuck me. I need it. -Please-." Erik whimpered, playing up on his lust knowing full well there was no turning back for Ward now. Another slow thrust drew a gasp of ecstasy. "Fuck me, damn it!" 



   It was the point of no return. 

Erik cried out loudly as the man pounded relentlessly into his ass, each thrust bringing him balls-deep. They smelled of sweat and sex and both were driven crazy in the heat of the moment, rocking and fucking together in rhythm. Ward released his grip on Erik's legs, letting them rest on his shoulders as he plowed himself in and out of his sextoy, pressing down enough to suck one tender nipple on Erik's chest before working his way up to his mouth and neck. 

   "Please...please..." Erik yelped, his nails nearly breaking the skin on his palms as he neared coming with each forceful thrust. Ward tugged gently on Erik's lip ring with his teeth before whispering in the lad's ear. His voice was ragged and bitter. 

   "You want to come? You want to come, pet?" 

Nodding was the only response and another slap rung out as Erik received punishment for not speaking up which brought out an unexpected shock as the boy cried out like a wailing child, his taut muscles squeezing down on Ward's cock while the orgasm rode out. 

   "You...little fucking..." was all that escaped the captor's lips before he shot his thick sticky load inside the hot tunnel he had been fucking, his body convulsing above Erik as he spurted the last of his orgasm and fell panting on his chest. 

Erik caught his breath and laughed to fill the silence as they laid there - a soaking, sticky hot mess. 

    "Best shot I had all night." he said with a corny grin. 

Ward chuckled and patted his chest. 

   "Same time next week then?" 

Erik raised an eyebrow, looking over at his new lover.

   "Sure thing. Next time -you- wear the cuffs." He smirked. Ward sneered, but only halfheartedly, putting the key to the restraints and pulling the skinny boy to his chest.

   "Nice try, lad. Nice try,"