 Andy had been the Water Boy for his High School's football team since his freshman year. He had landed the position because the coach was Andy's father's best friend. Now as a senior, he had watched the players grow into well developed young men. He enjoyed helping the team, and taking a peek in the locker room was the incentive that he needed to continue assisting the team, even though no one respected him as a water boy. Although Andy was almost 19, he was still a virgin. 

Andy had been dating one of the cheerleaders for the past two years, but they hadn't gotten further than kissing and oral sex. Every time Jenny had given him a blowjob, Andy had always envisioned Jenny's twin brother Jeremy, who was the running back for the football team. He had never mustered the courage, or desire, to broach the subject of intercourse with Jenny. He was content keeping the relationship as it was, as it was effectively hiding his secret. Coming from a very religious home, Andy had hidden his desires and never planned to explore them because he certainly wouldn't want anyone to find out.

***

Today's practice had been exceptionally grueling in the Texas heat, but Andy felt that his job was extremely important. Days like today, the team members didn't typically bully him as they appreciated the refreshments. As practice wrapped up, Andy hauled all of the gear back into the storage closet located at the far end of the locker room. After he had put everything away, Andy made his way back to his locker. While walking back, he couldn't stop himself from taking a few glances in the shower before returning to his locker. Although he loved peeking in the shower, the actual act of showering with a group of muscular 18-19 year olds was intimidating for Andy. The overwhelming fear of popping a boner in the shower in the midst of his teammates was almost crippling. Luckily, the first corner shower was available and Andy made a quick dash through the steam in hopes to shower as quickly as possible and make his escape without anyone noticing his subtle glances. 

The cool water cascading down his body felt heavenly as he took a minute to cool down and try to erase the thoughts of so many naked men standing in such close proximity. As Andy finished up washing his hair, he felt some grab him from behind and put their hand over his mouth so that he couldn't scream. Andy's heart sank and he couldn't find his breath to even try to scream. It wasn't until the person started to talk that Andy realized it was Brantley, the quarterback. "You must think you're slick, don't you, you little bitch? Don't you realize that we notice that you keep staring at our cocks while we undressing or in the shower? You're always asking if we need anything, so we're here to collect today. We need something, your fucking mouth." 

Andy didn't know how to respond. His heart felt as though it was beating out of his chest. He was so scared that he wasn't thinking clearly. His fight or flight response kicked in and he tried to run, but Brantley just held him tighter. It was at that moment that Andy felt Brantley's semi-hard cock resting against his thigh. "No! Stop!" exclaimed Andy, "I'm not gay, I have a girlfriend!" Brantley's response was mind numbing, "Your mouth says you're not gay, but your dick says otherwise." Andy was speechless as the reality was that his cock was at full mast, harder than it had ever been. It was obvious and he couldn't lie his way out of it. Actually, the only thing he could think about was the cock that was pushed against his thigh. He'd never felt another person's cock before and couldn't stop himself from pressing against it. 

Brantley noticed this and he came around in front of Andy and pushed him to his knees on the wet shower floor. Eye to eye with Brantley's seven inch cock, Andy couldn't believe this was happening. His mouth started to water. Brantley pinched Andy's nose shut, which caused him to open his mouth and Brantley swiftly shoved his cock into Andy's mouth. Within seconds Andy couldn't fake it any longer and started gently licking and sucking his first cock. As Andy was getting into it, Brantley soon realized that he couldn't hold back for long and unleashed a load into Andy's hungry mouth. Andy choked and gagged, as cum ran down the sides of his mouth but with determination, he kept licking and sucking until Brantley's cock was limp. 

Being caught up in the moment, Andy hadn't noticed that the other guys had taken notice of the pleasure that Brantley was receiving and had gathered around, some stroking their cocks. Chip, the 6'5" linebacker was the next one to step up. His cock was slightly smaller than Brantley's, but it was just as ready to be devoured, which Andy obliged. Andy tried to become more aware of his surroundings while working on Chip. He was so turned on watching all of these guys stroke their cocks while watching him blow Chip, who also soon blew his load. 

Andy couldn't believe that he gone from virgin to amateur cock sucker within 15 minutes. As another player, Damon, a 6'3" chocolate god stepped up, while Andy noticed that Jeremy walked out of the shower. Jeremy was the one he wanted. Andy tried to get up, but Damon pushed him back down and shoved his nine inch dick in his mouth. Damon's cock was much thicker and Andy had to adjust to sucking a much bigger dick. Suddenly Andy felt someone pull his hips up and he started to struggled, but Damon just push his dick down his throat further and held him tight. While trying to please Damon, and trying to breathe at the same time, he felt someone kneel beside of him. It was Jeremy. "I'm going to give you what you've been wanting. I've seen the way you undress me with your eyes," said Jeremy. Andy couldn't believe it. What did Jeremy have in mind? Jeremy slapped Andy's tight bubble butt and poured some lotion down his crack before rolling on a condom and rubbing some lotion on his impressive, uncut cock. 

Andy was too excited to be scared. He had always wondered about Jeremy's cock and it seemed as if Jeremy had an agenda of his own. Gently, Jeremy eased his cock into Andy's tight ass, inch by inch while the other guys watched. Andy felt some mild pain, but the pleasure took over and a loud moan escaped his cock-filled mouth. When Jeremy had all 8 1/2 inches in Andy's tight ass, he held it there momentarily to allow Andy to adjust before started to pump in and out, getting into the same rhythm as Damon who was still fucking Andy's face. Jeremy would pull almost all of the way out, just leaving his mushroom tip in, before slamming his whole cock back inside of Andy's ass. This sensation drove Andy wild and he started to buck wildly. This proved too much for Damon and he coated Andy's throat with a load of thick man cream. Jeremy was pummeling Andy's ass, both men grunting like primal beasts. Andy couldn't hold back any longer and shot his hot cum onto the shower floor. This drove some of the guys over the edge and they started shooting their loads on Andy's back as Jeremy still pounded away. Finally Jeremy reached his climax while in Andy's ass, an orgasm like he'd never experienced before. He ejaculated rope after rope, filling the condom while Andy moaned under him. Exhausted, the two men collapsed on the shower floor, covered in cum. 

The other teammates quickly dispersed, leaving Jeremy and Andy to collect themselves and shower once more. As Andy started to wash the cum of various teammates off of his back, he turned around in the shower and noticed the coach starring at him. His heart stopped. How much had the coach witnessed?

To be continued...