 Authors Note: All characters are fictional, and are 18 or older. 

Tyler Walker brushed his sandy blonde hair away from his eyes. These were the times that he wished he had stayed home. He forced himself to not stare at James Taylor anymore. He closed his locker and hurried off to English. He sat down on his usual seat, wondering what boring thing Mr. Sandler was going to teach. 

"Class, Please get your books out. The lesson will begin in 3 mintues!" Mr. Sandler said. 

Tyler sighed and bent over to get his books. He almost fell sideways when he saw who was sitting next to him. Jamie? How could James Taylor sit right next to him? He cursed Mr. Sandler for changing the seating arrangements, and opened the book. He wished that he hadn't broken up with Jamie. He remembered the day clearly. 

"Jamie, I'm not gay." He said. 

"Really? Then why have you been fucking me up ass for 4 months!" Jamie yelled.  

"I'm not gay, ok? I was just..just confused." He said. 

With tears streaming down his ice blue eyes, Jamie left. 

But that was a long time ago. Jamie had moved on, found a realiable boyfriend that actually admitted he was gay. Something Tyler didn't have the strength to do. 

The bell rang and Tyler got up, heading over to his best friend. Alice Smith. 

James Taylor was sweating bullets when he was inside that classroom. He made an effort not to reach over and kiss Tyler, and if it wasn't for the bell, he might have. He saw Tyler run off to Alice Smith, his girlfriend. Well, not girlfriend. More like girl-who-pretends-to-be-girlfriend was more like it. Jamie knew that Tyler was just pretending to be straight, probably not to upset his homophobic parents. Jamie hadn't talked to Tyler since they had that fight. He wanted to keep it that way. But, deep down, he honestly wanted to go back to Tyler. 

"Hey James? You there? Lunch is about to start.." Mark Fisher said. 

Jamie glanced up and saw Mark Fisher, his friend. He nodded and closed his locker and proceeded to the cafeteria. Jamie sat down at his usual, next to the band crew and the goth's. Weird, but comfortable. Mark left for a soda, and Jamie thought about Tyler again. He remembered the last time he talked to him. 

"Tyler, I was thinking about coming out. You know, saying I'm gay and with you." He told Tyler. 

"What?" Tyler said. 

"I was thin--" Tyler cut him off. 

"Jamie I'm not Gay." He said. 

"Really? Then why have you been fucking me up the ass for 4 months?" 

"I'm not gay. I was...was confused." He mummbled. 

Jamie left without a word, tears streaming down his face. 

Before Jamie could think, a scream broke the silence. 

"I swear to god, if you hurt Jamie, I'm gonna kill you!" Tyler screamed, and punched Mark straight in the jaw. 

Mark fell backwards, landing on top of a table. Tyler went for another hit, this time landing in Mark's stomach. Mark groaned, falling to his knees. Jamie was horrified. He ran over to Mark, now lying on the floor saying nothing. 

"Mark? Mark, Can you hear me?" Jamie whispered. 

Jamie started crying, not caring who saw. Surprisingly, at that moment, the Nurse came in. She picked up Mark, now groaning loudly. 

Jamie followed, then stopped. He turned around, and punched Tyler right in the face. 

Blinding lights and pain surrounded Tyler. As soon as he got up, he realized it was James that hit him. He looked at Jamie, now walking away. 

"Jamie! Wait." He called out. 

Jamie turned around. "What?" 

"I'm sorry." He said, and turned around to leave. 

God, it felt so good saying his name again! 

The principal called his name over the loudspeaker, saying to come to his office immediatly. Tyler groaned, knowing his parents would be furious.

He opened the door, seeing his parents sitting on brown leather seats. 

"Uh, Hey." He mummbled. 

"Please sit down, Mr. Walker." Principal Collins said. 

He turned to David & Susie Walker, who were, more then ever, angry. 

"I understand that there has been some 'problems' with your son. But, problem or not, that does not give him the right to fight with one of my top students. Now, the only thing I can do is either expell him or suspend him. If he does fight with any of my students when he comes back, he will be expelled. The suspension ends next Monday." 

The principal cleared his throat, singinaling the student and parents to leave. 

Once outside, his parents were frantic. 

"I told you not to associate with that boy. He is nothing but trouble!" David said. 

"Dad, Can't you accept me just the way I'm am!?" Tyler screamed. 

"Tyler, these 'feelings' aren't real. They are just clouding your thoughts." His father said.

"Go to hell..." Tyler mummbled. 

"What did you say?" David said. 

"You heard me." Tyler said. 

"Go. To. Hell." His words came out cold and hard. 

His father became speechless, just before he langued for Tylers throat.