 It wasn't like Dillon hadn't expected it. He and Jamie had talked about this very thing the day they'd moved in together. In fact, it had been Jamie's idea not to tell Jim that the two of them were partners. Jamie was afraid if Jim found out, he'd make some excuse to fire Dillon. And from the way the conversation seemed to be headed, it looked like Jamie had been right. Dillon sat back in his chair and waited for the words, "you're fired" to come rolling out of Jim's mouth.

But they never came. Instead, Jim said, "Dillon, is it your assertion that James Walker is your spouse?"

Why was Jim asking questions Dillon had already answered? "Yes, sir, it is."

Jim nodded again and reached for a stack of papers at the side of his desk. "In that case, I have a few forms I need you to fill out. Oh, and we'll have to increase your hours so that you get at least twenty-five in each week, but that's doable."

Dillon wondered if Jim had been taking samples from the pharmacy's narcotics section. "You're increasing my hours? Why?"

Jim pushed the stack of papers over to Dillon's side of the desk. "I know it might be a bit of an adjustment at first. I remember how hard it was for me to leave my wife right after we moved in together." He gave Dillon a sappy smile. "Heck, I have a hard enough time leaving her now, even after twenty-seven years and three kids." He cleared his throat. "But you already work about twenty-hours a week, so five more won't make that much difference. And I wouldn't ask you to do it, but company policy is ironclad on the subject." Jim quoted word for word as if reading from the employee handbook. "All employees wishing to qualify for health benefits must work an average of at least twenty-five hours per week."

Health benefits? "Mr. P., are you telling me you're bumping up my hours so that I can have health insurance?"

Jim shook his head. "No, son, I'm telling you that I'm bumping up your hours so that you and Jamie can have insurance. Savings Central offers benefits for same sex partners just like they would for a married man and his wife." When Dillon started to speak, Jim said, "I know at your age you don't think much about getting sick, and I pray you don't, but everyone needs health benefits, just in case. Now, I spoke with your mother, and I know for a fact she and your father cancelled your insurance as soon as you moved out. And I imagine James has insurance through his aunt, but it would be better if it came from you. For all intents and purposes, you're a married man now, Dillon. It's up to you and James to take care of each other. I'd say this is a step in the right direction, wouldn't you?"

Dillon was too shell-shocked to do more than nod, but it was enough for Jim. He pulled some more papers out of a drawer and added them to the stack in front of Dillon. "Good. Now that that's settled, we need to renegotiate your pay. Since health insurance takes money out of your check each week, I'm giving you a raise to cover the difference. And since you're a full-time student as well, you get a discount. So, with the raise and the extra hours, you'll actually come out making a few dollars more each week."

Dillon wasn't sure what to say, but he was fast learning that honesty worked best. "Jim, I can't thank you enough for doing this for me. When you called me in here, I though sure you were gonna fire me."

"Fire you? Are you crazy, kid? Not only are you one of the best employees I've got, you're also someone I've come to think of as a friend. Like a son, even. I love all three of my daughters, but it would be nice to have a son to pal around with. You fit that bill rather nicely, I must say." Jim took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "I was hurt when you didn't tell me about you and James, though, Dillon. I want to help you in any way I can, but I can't do that if you won't let me."

The emotions swirling inside of Dillon at Jim's words were overwhelming. "I'm sorry for not telling you, Mr. P. Jamie and I have been through so much, and with my folks acting the way they are, I just wasn't sure how to handle it." Jim put his glasses back on, stood up, and came around to Dillon's side of the desk. He clapped his hand on Dillon's shoulder. "I wasn't criticizing you, son. I know you've been through a lot. I could tell that just by talking to your mother this afternoon." Jim rolled his eyes. "That woman is the poster child for a massive dose of Prozac. For the record, I don't give a rat's rear about you being gay. I'm just glad you've found someone to share your life with. Oh, and before I forget," Jim walked back around to the other side of the office and grabbed yet another sheaf of papers. "I have another offer for you. I recall you mentioning to me once that you were going to attend Garman College in the fall, up in New York, right? Are those plans still on?"

"Yes, sir. They are."

"Good. Savings Central has stores all over the country, including one in Rochester, about a twenty-minute drive from Garman College. I'm recommending you for a transfer when the time comes for you to move up there. I'm guessing that James is going with you?"

"Yes, he is."

Jim gathered all the papers together and handed them over. "That works out nicely, then. You can keep working for Savings Central and still keep your insurance benefits."

Dillon stood up, holding the papers against his chest. "Mr. P., I'm not sure what to say. Somehow 'thank you' just doesn't feel like enough."

Jim reached out and patted Dillon on the cheek. "It is, son. Trust me when I say it is."

#

Dillon took the stairs from the garage to his and Jamie's apartment two at a time. He flung the door wide and found Jamie bent at the waist, rummaging through the fridge and wearing nothing but a thin pair of boxers. Dillon dropped his papers on the small kitchen table they'd inherited from the apartment's last occupants and came up behind Jamie, finding the position too good to pass up. Jamie started a bit when he felt Dillon's crotch pressed against the most intimate part of himself, but he quickly warmed to the feeling.

"Mmm. If that's gonna be what happens every time I bend over around you, I'll be sure to do it more often."

Dillon laughed and pulled Jamie up, closing the refrigerator door with his foot and turning Jamie so that the two of them were facing. "You do that." Dillon nuzzled his neck, inhaling Jamie's hair. "You smell good. Is that my shampoo?"

Jamie looped his arms around Dillon's waist. "Yep. I bogarted some of it. I like the way it smells. Reminds me of you. Guess we'll have to stock up. You get it at the pharmacy, don't you?"

"Uh huh." Dillon looked down and into Jamie's eyes. "Speaking of the pharmacy, I have something to tell you. My mother gave Jim Pembroke a little a phone call this morning."

Jamie leaned his head against Dillon's chest and groaned. "Oh no. I can just imagine what she said."

Dillon pulled him in closer. "Yep. Gave him a real earful, from what he told me. But it's okay. Jim knows about us, and he doesn't care."

Jamie lifted his head. "Really?"

"Really. He's even arranged for the two of us to have health insurance. I'll have to work a few hours more a week, but we can deal with that. And here's the best part. He's transferring me to one of the New York stores in the fall so I can keep working while we're in college."

Jamie hugged him tight. "That's amazing. I was so afraid he'd fire you when he found out about us."

Dillon strummed his fingers up and down the tender skin of Jamie's neck. "So was I, but it didn't happen." He drew Jamie up on his tiptoes and gave him a tender but promising kiss. "You know this calls for a celebration, don't you?" Jamie grinned. "You want to celebrate the same way we celebrated our moving in together?"

Just thinking about the four hour sex-a-thon he and Jamie had shared their first night in the apartment sent a rush of heat coursing through Dillon's veins. "I do want that, but this time I want you in the driver's seat." When Jamie gave him a puzzled look, Dillon cupped his face with one hand and said, "I want you to top me tonight, Jamie."

Dillon could hear the rush of air that Jamie pulled into his lungs. "Dillon, are you sure? I know I'm kinda big, and I don't want to hurt you."

Dillon planted another soft kiss on Jamie's lips. "Kinda big? Jamie, you're freakin' huge." Dillon's expression softened. "But the pain won't last long, and I need you to do this, baby. Please. For me?"

Jamie sighed. "It isn't that I don't want to, but--" He hesitated and clenched Dillon tighter to him. "You'll have to talk me through it. And if I hurt you--"

Dillon smoothed his hands up and down Jamie's back. "You won't."

Dillon could tell the exact minute Jamie gave in. His body relaxed a little, and he gave Dillon a wary smile. "Let's take it to the bedroom, then."

Dillon followed Jamie into the bedroom, his every nerve ending on fire at the thought of what was about to happen between them. To his own surprise, Dillon wasn't nervous. Oh, he fully expected it to hurt, but that didn't matter. He needed this, needed Jamie to take that final step towards the two of them becoming equal partners.

Too bad Jamie was lacking Dillon's confidence. The poor guy was so undone, he couldn't even get his own clothes off, much less Dillon's. Dillon ended up having to strip them both. By the time they were both naked and standing beside the bed, Jamie was shaking so hard, Dillon was ready to call the whole thing off.

"Jamie, you don't have to do this. I never meant--"

Jamie shook his head, his voice coming out small and hollow. "What if I fuck this up, Dillon?"

Dillon was stumped. "What do you mean?"

Jamie put his hands behind his head, winging them back and forth in frustration. "Just what I said. What if I don't satisfy you? I mean, look at yourself, Dillon. You could have anyone you want."

"For God's sake, Jamie, do you really think I'd have gone two years waiting for you if I wasn't sure you're the one I want?"

Jamie looked close to panic. "But what if I hurt you? What if I can't get you off?"

Dillon took him into his arms. "Then we keep trying until we get it right." Dillon bent down to peer into Jamie's face. "I want you inside me, Jamie. Not so you can get me off. Not because this is some test I expect you to pass." Dillon lowered his voice, but even so, his words came through loud and clear in the stillness of the bedroom. "I want you inside me because you're mine. You already own my heart. I want you to have my body, too."

Jamie shuddered. "Oh, God. How can I say anything but yes after that?"

"You don't have to, Jamie. I wasn't trying to pressure you, no matter how it sounded." "I know you weren't. As far as that goes, you're the one who's supposed to be freaking out over this. You're about to lose your virginity, not me."

Dillon laughed. "Technically, we both are. You've never topped before, and I've never bottomed. We're on equal footing with this one."

Jamie went still. "I never thought about it like that."

Dillon leaned down and kissed Jamie's neck, his tongue weaving a wet path between Jamie's ear and shoulder. "That's what you have me for. To point out the upside of things."

Jamie leaned into Dillon's caress. "You keep doing that, and I'm gonna show you my own 'upside.'"

Dillon growled, the sound vibrating against Jamie's skin. "That's my plan."

#

Okay, so Dillon had underestimated just how bad bottoming hurt when one's boyfriend had a dick the size of a telephone pole. It wasn't that Jamie hadn't prepared him. Jamie had fingered, sucked and rimmed him until Dillon thought he'd go insane from the sheer pleasure of it. The foreplay had even helped to dissipate Jamie's nervousness. No, the problem wasn't Jamie's prowess as a lover. The problem was, he was just too damn big.

Crouched between Dillon's widespread legs, Jamie saw the grim set of Dillon's features and panted out, "I'm gonna stop now, Dillon. I can't stand causing you pain like this."

Dillon shook his head as best he could with his body set in such a rigid pose. "Just keep going. The head will pop in any minute now." Again, Jamie tried to back out, and again, Dillon stopped him. He had to do this, had to prove to Jamie he was willing to both give and receive. Finally giving in, Jamie went back to using the gentle pressure needed to open Dillon to his body for the first time. Gentle, that is, for someone trying to shove a killer whale into a goldfish bowl.

Okay, this was it. Dillon's ass was going to explode. In the morning there would be nothing left of him but pieces of ass scattered all over the apartment. He was just wondering how Aunt Sadie would clean all those ass fragments out of the bedroom rug when Jamie moved forward and Dillon felt him slide fully inside.

Well, his ass was still attached, so at least Dillon had been wrong about that part. He felt full, stretched. Jamie lay above him, stock still and, Dillon guessed, afraid to move. But in addition to feeling pain, Dillon felt something else. Curiosity. He was anxious to know what it was that made Jamie so eager to bottom for him most of the time. With a slight rocking of his hips, Dillon encouraged Jamie to move. And move he did. With that one little motion, Dillon started Jamie's thrusting. And Dillon felt . . . nothing.

Nada, zip, zilch. Well, he felt something, but it wasn't anything special. It was sort of like having Jamie stick his finger in Dillon's bellybutton. Dillon knew it was there, could feel it wiggling around, but it didn't do a heck of a lot for him. At least it didn't hurt like it had at first. Dillon was glad Jamie seemed to be enjoying it--hell, Dillon would bottom for him every night if it brought Jamie the pleasure his grunts and groans said it did--but truthfully, Dillon couldn't see what all the fuss was about. Then Jamie shifted his position, and Dillon nearly passed out from the white-hot electricity zapping through his blood.

"Jesus Christ, what was that?"

Jamie was so out of breath, so racked with raw longing and lust, he was barely able to grunt out, "I hit your prostate."

So that's what that did. Dillon had always wondered. Now he knew. God, did he know. Where he'd been soft only minutes before, Dillon's erection sprang to life, trapped beneath Jamie's pistoning hips. Dillon had read more than one internet story about guys who had hands-free orgasms. He'd even given Jamie a couple. He never thought he'd actually have one himself, though. But as Jamie continued to rake over that one spot deep inside, and as he felt the contractions begin low in his belly, Dillon was damn thankful for being wrong.

He thought to warn Jamie what was happening, but he never got the chance. Not that such a warning turned out to be necessary. He heard Jamie whisper, "I love you," felt Jamie swell within him. And as Dillon filled the space between their bodies with the weight of his release--spurned on by the knowledge that Jamie was filling him the same way--Dillon closed his eyes, not surprised to feel the first wetness of his own tears. Dillon should have been shocked, being able to count on one hand the times in his life he'd actually cried, but this time, he thought it fitting. Jamie had just completed him. Dillon was whole.

#

Aunt Sadie pulled up in front of Nora's house. Well, Nora's former house. According to what she'd told them, Nora would be out completely by the end of the week. Jamie couldn't say he didn't feel a pang of regret at knowing the only real home Ben had ever had was being sold, but he understood Nora's desire for a fresh start.

Sadie put the Cadillac in park. "Are you boys sure you don't want me to stay for a few minutes? Dillon, don't you have to be to work soon, what with your new schedule and all?"

Dillon shook his head, even though Sadie couldn't see him from where he sat in the back seat. "No, ma'am. My new schedule doesn't start until next week. I have tonight off."

Jamie opened the front passenger side door. "It's a good thing he does. Nora really needs us to go ahead and get the car and Ben's things today so she can finish clearing out the place for the new owners. She's down at her office right now closing a sale, but she left the garage unlocked for us, and all Ben's things are inside the car."

"Do you have the car keys?"

Jamie patted his pocket. "Yes, ma'am. Ben left them to me in his will."

Sadie turned around to look at Dillon. "Dillon, how about going on up to the house and opening the garage? I'll send Jamie on in a minute."

For a second it looked like Dillon was gonna argue, but in the end he gave Jamie an apologetic smile and climbed out of the car. Jamie understood. Few men, himself included, had the balls to refuse a direct order from Sadie Banks. Jamie sank back against the seat and re-closed his door. He knew that look on his aunt's face. Lecture time. 

The minute they were alone, Sadie turned in her seat to face him and said, "Are you sure this is what you want to do?"

"Pick up Ben's car? Sure. I mean, that's why we needed you to drop us off, so Dillon would be able to drive us back home."

"Not that." Sadie sighed. "Jamie, Dan Morgan stopped me on my way out of the library yesterday afternoon." She paused. "He told me you were arrested in Chicago, and that you'd been probing into Ben's death."

Damn Morgan to Hell. "I wasn't arrested, Aunt Sadie, and Morgan knows it. He and Dillon had a talk about this the Monday after the trip to Chicago." Jamie felt a piercing of guilt. "I should have told you what happened, but I was afraid you'd be mad."


Sadie waved that away. "I'm not a complete imbecile, Jamie. I knew that you and Dillon hadn't gone all the way to Chicago just to rent a hotel room and 'do the wild thing,' as you kids say. And I also knew that you've been far from satisfied with the explanations you received about Ben's death. But being picked up by the police in front of a dead man's house?" Sadie shook her head. "Really, Jamie. What were you thinking?"

"Morgan told you all of it, huh?"

Sadie adjusted herself, causing the leather seats of the Cadillac to creak and groan. Jamie could relate. He felt like groaning himself when Sadie said, "He told me that you were involving yourself in some kind of vigilante investigation into Ben's death. He also told me that the man whose house you visited was murdered, and that he was worried about your safety." Sadie curled her nose. "What a crock. He had some books in his hand, made it seem like he'd come to return them and just happened to run into me while I was doing story hour for the kids. Horse pucky. There isn't a doubt in my mind that he came to the library with the express purpose of asking me to warn you off, and not because he was worried for your safety, either. What I want to know is, why?"

In this, at least, Jamie could be honest. "That, I don't know."

Sadie studied him carefully, making Jamie feel like a bug someone had pinned to a card and put under a microscope. Finally, she said, "But you do know more about Ben and his death than you're telling me." A statement, not a question.

Jamie didn't bother to deny it. "Yes, I do. But there's still a lot that I don't know."

Sadie didn't ask for clarification. "And you hope to find something in Ben's things that will help you fill in the blanks."

"Yes, ma'am. I do."

Sadie reached out with one hand and smoothed his hair. "Jamie, I know that you loved Ben, and I also know that you feel like you owe him something. But, son," she looked into his eyes, "You have your own family now, with Dillon. It's not just yourself you have to consider. Whatever you do directly affects Dillon, as well. And if Morgan is right, you could both be in danger."

Jamie did his best to project confidence. "I'm not in any danger, Aunt Sadie. Morgan was just trying to scare you."
