 Chapter 98: Closures May Vary

The audience murmurs in the Dream Waltz, before the lights dimmed down, and prompted them to start cheering as the red curtain illuminated.

"This song goes out to a special someone..." Adam voices echoes from the speakers in a charming tone, "You know who you are~"

The curtain rises, as a speeding, stepping-down beat played down. Adam sits on a throne with his head resting on his fist with his leg crossed over the other, his other arm on the throne as he holds a diamond cane. He wears black and white sequin clothes -- black on his left and white on his right on his upper body, and black on his right and white on his left side of his lower body. He wears a gold crown with white diamonds on it as well. 

There are four shirtless men with him up there, all of them wearing skin-tight white tank tops with playing card symbols the middle of each shirt -- a red heart, diamond, and a black spade and club. The men with the heart and diamond shirt are wearing red gloves and tight red pants, while the men with the spade and club shirt are wearing black gloves and tight black pants. The stage itself has white and blue spotlights around here and there, zooming around as speckled lights run around, the stage decorated with large chess pieces and other card-themed décor.

"HOH!"

"~You think you will but I guarantee, that you'll never find a boy like me~" Adam sings in quick precession, "~Who serves you, better puts you on a thrown, satisfies your every need~"

"~I~" Adam propped his cane before he gets up and walks as the guys dance accordingly, "~Do as I like, say what I want, got all I need ~And I~" He gives a whimsical spin, tipping his crown forward a bit, "~Have my own crown, found it within, can't take it from me~" He wags his finger, as each man poses as he pass them by with a lyrical step on each one. "~Try as you may~ ... ~You can't bring me down~ ... ~I'm standing tall~ ... ~On solid ground~"

The card men swerve and step about him, chorusing around Adam as he gracefully and slowly moves in the center "~Play me~ ... ~Fool me~ ... ~Kiss me~ ... ~Seduce me~"

Adam gives a sultry grin and down cast of his eyes at the crowd, "You'll never have me, nuh-uh..." His voice echoes lowly in a seductive fashion, "The joke's on you," The men take a few very big playing cards -- each one an Ace of each symbol, and equipped onto their left arms like a large panel, and spins around Adam in a rotation, "~I'll never~never~never~never~never be your fool..."

The men spin out and whip around with their large card-shields as Adam picked right back up, "~You think you will but I guarantee, that you'll never find a boy like me ~Who serves you better puts you on a throne, satisfies your every need~"

"~Royal flush in my hand, joke's on you, all you got is a pair of twos~" Adam's hands flash a set of four playing cards on both hands, before they retreat back to his sleeves "~Traded your king in the making, so now all you do is lose~"

"~You'll never know ~You'll never, no ~You'll never get me~" Adam hits his chest with the fake gem of the cane, as the men twirl with the huge playing cards around in a four-spaced rotating wall "~You'll never know ~You'll never, no ~You'll never get me~"

The end of the cane hits the stage as the men align beside him, swerving progressively, "~Diamond digger, keep on diggin' greed will bring you down, deep in them mines~" Two of the men dip down below, and rise in a smooth move, "~To a place you won't be found~" Adam turns and walks slowly, the cane set onto his shoulder, "~Play me~ ... ~Fool me~ ... ~Kiss me~ ... ~Seduce me~" He says as he makes a seductive and rejecting gesture on each man.

"~You'll never get the chance again ~The joke's on you~" The card men rise and move their big cards up, and spin-rotate in a circle again "~I'll never~never~never~never~never be your fool..."

"~You think you will but I guarantee, that you'll never find a boy like me, who serves you, better puts you on a thrown, satisfies your every need ~You think you will but I guarantee, that you'll never find a boy like me, who serves you, better puts you on a thrown, satisfies your every need~"

"~Royal flush in my hand, joke's on you, all you got is a pair of twos~" Adam's hands flash a set of four playing cards on both hands, before they retreat back to his sleeves "~Traded your king in the making, so now all you do is lose~"

"~I, do as I like, say what I want, got all I need ~And I, have my own crown found it within~" Adam takes a second to take off his crown, flip it around, and places it back on his head, "~Can't take it from me~" The card men pose as Adam gives a dignified grab on the face, arm, or hip, and rejects each one by one in a regal way, "... ~Try as you may~ ... ~You can't bring me down~ ... ~I'm standing tall~ ... ~On solid ground~"

"~You think you will but I guarantee, that you'll never find a boy like me, who serves you, better puts you on a thrown, satisfies your every need ~You think you will but I guarantee, that you'll never find a boy like me, who serves you, better puts you on a thrown, satisfies your every need~"

"~Royal flush in my hand, joke's on you, all you got is a pair of twos ~Traded your king in the making, so now all you do is lose~"

"~You'll never know ~You'll never, no ~You'll never get me ~You'll never know ~You'll never, no ~You'll never get me~"

"~You think you will but I guarantee, that you'll never find a boy like me, who serves you, better puts you on a thrown, satisfies your every need ~You think you will but I guarantee, that you'll never find a boy like me, who serves you, better puts you on a thrown, satisfies your every need~"

"~Royal flush in my hand, joke's on you, all you got is a pair of twos~" The music reaches an ending rhythm as Adam turns and walks back towards the throne while the men circle and show their cards about "~Traded your king in the making, so now all you do is lose~" The men run and flip and spin with each of his own respective Ace card as Adam goes, turning about to face the audience.

"~You'll never know ~You'll never, no ~You'll never get me ~You'll never know ~You'll never, no ~You'll never get me ~You'll never know ~You'll never, no ~You'll never get me ~You'll never know ~You'll never, no ~You'll never get me~" The men pose wit the cards in a presenting fashion as Adam sits on the throne, his hands on the fake jewel and holding the cane up in front of him "~Haha... ~You'll never have me~" Adam lets the cane down, and resumes his first pose on the throne, with his cheek on his fist, and his leg, crossed, his face giving a very cold expression at Jessica all the way at the bar.

"You're a joke." Adam finishes, before the curtain falls, and the audience cheers and whoops out loud in a booming ovation.

~~~

"Agh," Adam rolls his head as he gets up. He's all sweaty in this stuffy outfit.

"Hey Adam."

"Hm?" The man with the Ace of Clubs shirt smirks as he holds up a deck, "50-Card pick-up." With that, he bends the cards, and makes them flip and shuffle and fly all over the place, scattering to the floor. Adam looks down at the falling cards before him. "Well? Pick'em up."

"Oh yeah?" Adam sneered as he holds his arms towards him, "Take this, filthy peasant." He moves his hands to hold his wrist. Something clicks and whizzes in the cuff of his sleeves, "Wait, gimme a second to..." He adjusts a few times, clicking the device inside his clothing. Something buzzes weakly before the cards in his sleeves dribbled out, attached together, "Ssshhit, hang on." The inside of his cuffs sparks and a puff of smoke comes out, "Ow! Shit shit shit!" He jerks his hands about as the metal bits bite at his hands before he quickly takes it off.

"Hahahah, smooth, Adam. Reeaal smooth."

---Several Months Later---

"Uugghh, are we there yet??" Adam whined as he and Merrick go hiking through the thick woods.

"Quit complaining, babe, this is good for you." Merrick says, "I'm doing fine, what are YOU bitching about?"

"I'm freaking melting here!" Adam groans as he sweats profusely. "I can't stand being all sweaty."

"Geez, your Mother was right, you DO whine a lot when you have to exercise. You used to come all this way just to see me when we were young."

"That was then, this was now." He grumbles. As he goes, he can hear the sound of a calm waterfall. He follows Merrick to the clearing trees until they come to a black rock area. Adam's eyes brighten as he sees the beautiful cascade of water pouring from a cliff. He can feel the cool spray around his hot face as he also notes a subtle rainbow, "Wooow..."

"When we were a lot younger..." Merrick says as he stands a one of the rocks, "This is where we always came to see each other. Inside that waterfall?" Merrick pointed, "There's this cave with glowing crystals growing inside it. We met for the first time inside that grotto."

"Wow, really?" Adam says as he stands next to Merrick. The more he looks around, the more familiar this place looks. He grunts as his head feels funny. He hears distinct whispers and distant voices. He can see vague ghost-like glimpses running and flying across his vision, before a blink of the eye would make them disappear. "What IS this place?"

"It's called Aquata Cove." Merrick answered, "This is where everything began between you and me. This is our one place where practically nobody else knows."

Adam turns to Merrick, his eyes seeing a strange new kind of... Air on him. Now more than ever, he looks so damn familiar... His eyes drift down to the elegantly designed white gold and platinum ring with small diamonds around it.

"So... Lets go ahead and-"

"Wait a minute, Merrick. I want to ask you something."

"Ok...?"

"That ring on your finger." Adam says. Merrick looks at it, and holds his hand up to adjust it in the sunlight. "You're always fiddling with it, ever since I met you at the psychiatric ward. It's like a habit with you."

"Yes... It means a lot to me..."

"... I gave it to you... Didn't I?" Adam asked him. Merrick takes a deep breath, and nodded, "I... I asked you to marry me... Didn't I?"

"You did..."

"And... What was your answer?"

Merrick turns to look at Adam, "I said 'yes'."

"Merrick..." Adam shakes his head as he turns to face him, "Why did you lie to me?"

"I didn't lie to you..." Merrick said.

"Yes, you said someone else gave you that ring."

"Not quite. I didn't lie to you, Adam. I just didn't tell you the truth."

"... What's the difference?" Adam asked curiously.

"If I were to say, 'a bodybuilder with purple hair gave me this ring', that would be a lie. But I said, 'the love of my life gave me this ring'. That was me not telling you the whole truth."

"I see..." Adam nodded, "But why didn't you eventually tell me? Half the time, I felt guilty for liking you because it felt like I was replacing someone else."

"What was I supposed to say? 'Hey, you don't remember me, but we're getting married'."

"But you also said the man you loved is long gone."

"... Yes... He is..."

"Merrick... Look." Adam scoffed in frustration, "I'm right here, and I gave you that ring. What more is there?"

"Adam..." Merrick turns to face him in turn, "It's because you are no longer the man I fell in love with." He said sadly. "You're a different man... You lost all the years we had together. The man who got down on one knee for me is gone."

"M-Merrick, don't talk like that! You're talking like I really died."

"You're right... I'm sorry... It's just still so hard, you know?" His arm holds the other as he lowers his eyelids, "Just the whole thought of it just makes me sick... Eventually, I'll move on." Merrick gives him a wry smile, "We'll continue to make new memories, and we'll always be together. I just... I wish you can have the memories you used to have, and it makes me sad to think you can never get them back. It just doesn't seem fair that I have them and yours were stolen." 

"I understand... But it's gonna be ok." Adam says as he comes to him.

"Yeah..." Merrick took a deep breath, "Hopefully, right?"

"What do you mean?"

"I brought you here for a reason." Merrick says as he then takes off his shirt, and lets it drop to the rock, "There's something I need you to discover again."

"Oook?" Adam watches as Merrick strips, undoing his shorts and letting them fall, finding out that Merrick's going Commando, "W-Whoa, Merrick!" Adam blushes hard, "H-H-Here? W-What if someone sees us?"

"Hahaha, I never cared about that." Merrick says as he takes one of his necklaces -- the one with the blue scale, and removed it. Now he's wearing an angelic filigree key with a cyan heart-shaped jewel. 

"S-So we uh... We just swim around naked around here then?"

"Hahaha, among other things." He said with a wink. He moves his face up, and kisses Adam. "C'mon." With that, he steps up to the rock, and jumps right into the water. Adam's insides churn with anticipation and nerves as he hesitates doing what Merrick just did... Trembling, Adam peels of his shirt, and kicked off his shoes and socks. He pulls down his pants, and hesitated as he looks at his boxers. 

"... I'll keep this on." Adam decided. With a nod, he looks over the edge to look at Merrick... But he's not there. He can't see him. What, is he hiding? "Ok..." Adam takes a few steps and then runs over the rock. Mid-air, he falls right down into the subterranean basin.

His whole body is enveloped in the cool water, as he swims down. He looks around, trying to find Merrick, his eyes seeing perfectly clear underwater. Hovering in the middle, he turns about on the spot. Where IS he? He just disappeared.

"Eheh heh heh..." Comes an eerie, mystical chuckle. Adam turns and gasps as he sees something strange. 

~~~

Yuri bites her lip as she opens up Kingdom Hearts 1.5 & 2.5, "Sorry, Adam." She says, "But I REALLY wanna get started on Kingdom Hearts 2." She puts the disk into the PS4, and logs in the disk. She sits on the couch with the controller in hand, before selecting New Game.

Haley Joel Osment's voice soon starts talking as Sora, speaking as if he's drifting through sleep.

~~~

Looming gracefully at the other side of the basin, swims a shimmering blue and pearl-colored merman. His long tail glides up and down, adorned with frilly fins on either side, a wide, beautiful angel-like fin wavering down and up, with his arms move on either side of him.

{A scattered dream that's like a far off memory...}

Adam stares with his mouth open, his head feeling a keen, thorough sting inside as he watches the creature swim slowly and closer to him. His heart pounds as if time itself is pressing all over it, almost wanting it to slow to a stop.

{A far off memory that's like a scattered dream...}

His eyes go to a shiny trinket on the chest of the merman's chest -- an ornate platinum key. The fish is now swimming towards Adam.

{I want to line the pieces up...}

Merrick gently takes Adam's hand into his, seeing his stunned lover scared and motionless. He closes his eyes, and puts his forehead onto Adam's, while his other hand gently holds the back of Adam's head.

{Yours, and mine.}

()()()

"HHH hhh HHH hhh HHH hhh HHH hhh" Adam pants as he runs, stepping onto the path of the infinite cards -- ones with images, blank light, and facedown. All of them are arranged neatly behind and ahead of him, "Merrick! STOP! I'm almost there!! I'm coming!" Adam called out. Merrick is a lot closer, but he's still just walking away, as if he can't even hear him.

The card that shows Adam proposing to Merrick rattles in his hand. It struggles itself in his grasp before it flies out of his hand, "AH! Noh...!" He turns, seeing the card spin in the air and place itself in the past. He chooses to ignore it to continue further with his sprinting, seeing less and less cards placed in front of him. 

His heart leaps as Merrick is literally right in front of him as he keeps running, "Merrick! Wait for me! I'm here! I'm here!" Tears fly from Adam's eyes as he keeps running as he closes in on his soul mate.

"What?" Merrick turns around, his body's grey scale melting away into color as Adam runs right into him. Adam sobs as he clings onto Merrick tightly, feeling the light flare all around them, ripping into them both as the road of cards race with raging radiance. 

"I'm here, Merrick! I'm here! Don't you ever leave me behind!" Adam demanded as he tears constantly drain down his face, "EVER! I'm here, don't you EVER turn your back on me again!" Adam begs as they become lost into the screaming light, "I'm here, I'm always here, I will never go!"

"You... You came back for me..." Merrick's spirit becomes numb with disbelief as the impossible is literally crying right on his shoulder. "You're... You're back..." Merrick grips Adam harshly as the light shrieks all around them in a dramatic symphony.

"I ALWAYS come back for you! I will always come back for you! Don't you EVER let me do this to you again! I cam back, and I will never let go of you!"

"Adam... My Adam... I'm sorry..." Merrick hugs him back, his eyes starting to drift with fluids of emotion, "I'm so sorry, Adam, I'm so sorry... I don't have any faith anymore."

"Yes you do! I'm here, Merrick! I'm right here! I found you, and I will never leave again!"

"You're here..." Merrick wept openly as he holds Adam's head and back very tightly, "It's really you. You're really here...!"

()()()

Adam's entire brain feels a numb train crash into his skull! A hurricane's pressure and a stampede of images, his eyes widen as his mouth opens, his body shakes as his hands grasp onto the merman in front of him.

"Adam! Adaaamm!" Merrick said in his mystical merman voice. Adam chokes as he squeezes Merrick's shoulder viciously. He gags in the water as he bows his head down, "No!" Merrick takes him, and swims quickly to the rocks. 

Breaking the surface, Merrick pushes Adam onto the rocks splashing with the water. "UHUH! UHGHGHGH!" Adam coughs out a gush of water, his body still feeling like a compacted earthquake as every inch of him trembles. "Merrriick! Merrick!" 

"Adam! What's going on?! What's happening?!" 

"Merrick! Merr- GHKHKHKH!" Adam hacks some more as the sudden stress scratches his throat. 

"Oh my God," Merrick quickly puts on his scale necklace, and reverts to human form. He climbs up next to Adam, who is still doubling over, "Adam! Tell me what's wrong!"

"MeRrIcK!" Adam's voice is ravaged, his nostrils and throat still strained from the water intake and expulsion. "I came back! I came back for you!" He managed to say, still coughing horribly as he holds onto Merrick's shoulder with one hand, with the other holding onto the rock.

"What..." Merrick's eyes widens as his soul turns inside-out.

"You died in the oil! You were there! I took you to my house, and you're here!" Adam coughed, sobbing uncontrollably. "You said I came back for you!"

"Adam, Adam-"

"You broke me!" Adam shouted, unable to control his voice, "You broke my heart, and I came back! I couldn't leave you there! I'd never leave you there ever!"

"Adam! Y-You remember?!" Merrick grips his arms, "You remember?! What else, what else??!"

"They took you!" Adam sobbed, "They-They took you away, they burned and tortured you! They tore you apart, tha-that-that person, man, he ruined you! We ran, we-we-they came, they SHOT ME!!!" Adam cries thickly, "He mutilated you, and you brought us home!"

"Oh my God, Adam...!" Merrick's face distorts with emotion.

"Jamal, he-he, he was on meth, I- He needed a new home, he come to us, Yuri- Yuri almost fell into a cliff when I-I-I, ggGGHhhHHHMerriIIICCKK!" Adam clenches his eyes as he hyperventilates, his fingers digging into the merman's shoulders.

"A-A-Oww, Adam! That hurts!"

"GGRRHHH my heeeaad! GGHHH!" Adam groans roughly as he breathes become loud and ravaged.
