 Steven and Jennifer had just returned from their honeymoon. They were a cute couple - high school sweethearts - who were innocent to so many ways of the world. It took them six months of dating until they even kissed. Their honeymoon was the first time they both had sex. So innocent in so many ways. But this story isn't about them as a couple; it's about Steven.

Having arrived back from their honeymoon, Jennifer had gone back to work. Steven, however, took a few extra days off in order to get everything in the house settled. Build things, move stuff around, set up their wedding gifts. The gift they both adored the most, however, was a full size mirror set in hand-carved wood. Nothing to ornate, just bulges and indentions... classy yet somehow so appealing.

Jennifer's father had carved it for them... it was a gift to be a family heirloom. And so, Jennifer had asked Steven to place the mirror in their bedroom.

Steven set up the large mirror in the bedroom as he was told; it was much heavier than he imagined. Steven was a pretty fit guy, a former high school athlete. He had put on a few pounds since school, but still attractive. Breathing heavily a bit from the move, he sat on the corner of the bed and looked at himself in the mirror.

'I have put on a few pounds, haven't I?' he muttered to himself.

Looking at his stomach hanging from under his shirt, he suddenly felt compulsed to take off his top. Surely he hadn't put on all that much weight? He took off the shirt and walked to the mirror, looking at his still firm chest. Sure, there was no six pack... but he was quite attractive none-the-less.

'Yeah, I am quite the attractive man... hell, if I was gay...' he stopped in mid-thought. If I was gay? He had never once thought about being gay or another man. He'd always loved the touch of Jennifer, the smooth caress of a woman's skin. But still... if he was gay...

Steven smiled at himself in the mirror. I guess it's not bad to be attracted to yourself. It doesn't mean you're gay. A man can be attractive, right? He moved closer to the mirror.

Steven looked at his reflection, muscle-bound pecs and slightly chubby stomach. 'I need to work on my stomach... don't want it to get so big I can't even see my cock!'

Steven was taken aback. He didn't use the word 'cock' - ever. Jennifer didn't like that word. And why on earth would he be worried about his cock?

And at that thought, the thought of his cock, his reflection smiled.

'I know have a nice cock... average... maybe a touch bigger than average...' Steven stopped himself. Because then and there, at the thought of his own cock, he was getting hard. But why?

He wanted to look away, slightly ashamed at his arousal. It wasn't that he was just aroused at the thought of the word cock... but he was finding himself to be more and more attractive. Not in the "I need to comb my hair and be sure I look good today" kind of way but, instead, he felt a need to touch his reflection, to touch himself.

He reached out with his hand, placing it on the glass where his pecs were. The smooth glass felt warm, inviting... Steven looked his reflection up and down, enjoying the view. Pulling his hand from the glass, he touched his own real pec.

His chest was firm, strong. Quite different than Jennifer's. He pushed on his pec and flexed in his hand. The strength and power of his pec continued to arouse him more. He watched as his hand squeezed, full of new sensations. His hand, unaccustomed to the firmness of a man's pec and his chest unaccustomed to being fondled at all. He began to pull on his own nipple, making it hard.

'I have to stop,' he thought. 'I'm enjoying this too much.'

But then something even more powerful happened. His reflection gave a seductive smiled and he watched in the mirror as his reflection began to unbutton its pants. Steven drew closer to the mirror in anticipation and found himself unbuttoning his own pants.

He was confused. He could have sworn the reflection had done it first but now, here, without thought, he dropped his pants and watched as his reflection did the same. The bulge in his boxer shorts was too much to bear.

Both he and his reflection, in unison (or did the reflection do it first, he wondered), pulled down their boxer shorts to allow his cock release.

For a minute he stood, entranced by the image of his own cock.

It seemed larger somehow. Seductive. A mass of power that needed to be touched. He looked down at himself and realized that yes, somehow the cock in his reflection was larger. Somehow the reflection was more attractive, more buff. His reflection was better than himself.

He wanted to be the reflection, Steven wanted to serve the reflection.

"You are magnificent," Steven said aloud.

And at that, Steven's world was about to change. He watched as the reflection took on a life of its own. And began to slowly stroke it's own dick. Steven watched in amazement at the slow, stroking motion. The dick seemed more powerful, hypnotizing almost.

All understanding broke for Steven and all hesitation went away as he heard his own voice, the voice of the reflection, speak:

"If you like it so much, suck it."

Steven has lost all self-control, all worries, and knelt down before the mirror image of himself. The reflection did not move down with him... it simply stood there, stroking its own dick, inviting Steven to suck it.

"Suck my cock, Steven. Suck it good."

As Steven moved forward, closer to the mirror, he no longer felt glass in front of him. Instead, the cock he so desperately wanted to suck, his own cock, came out through the mirror to reach him. To his shock and suprise, Steven's lips were wrapped around this cock, kissing its head.

The heat was a suprise to his mouth. The size was another... this cock was much bigger than his own. And then he pulled more of it into his mouth, the head filling up his mouth, resting on his tongue.

He flicked his tongue around it, enjoying the new sensation. He had loved getting head but had never imagined how it would feel to suck another cock. The submissive nature of it... yet the power to please.

He felt hands on the back of his head, pushing him further down the shaft of his new cock-toy. He began pumping his face back and forth on the cock, using his mouth as some sort of pussy.

"I'm fucking your mouth, Steven."

Steven heard his reflection say. There was no denying it... he was sucking dick and loving it. He began to stroke his own dick... a cock in his mouth and a dick in his hand. All he could think of was cum and how he wanted to taste it.

"You're going to love my cum, Steven. It's going to make you a cum-slut. You won't be able to get enough. Do you want me to cum in your mouth, Steven?" the reflection asked.

Steven looked up to see himself smiling down at him. The reflection gave a stern look and pulled him by the hair off of his cock."

"I asked you a question, bitch. Do you want to be a cum-slut?" the reflection asked again.

"Yes," said Steven. "I need your cum."

And with that, Steven returned to sucking the large cock in front of him, pulsating with delight. He could feel the blood pumping in the cock, this massive member that was filling his mouth. He could feel it twitch, he could tell it was about to explode, just as he was.

The cum gushed out like a river, filling his mouth. He smelt the sex, he tasted it. The cock continued to pound his face, he had no choice but to swallow. And swallow. And swallow.

The smooth cum continued to fill his mouth as he himself came, driven over the edge by such a blatantly powerful display of sex. He felt defeated, submissive... he wanted every drop of cum.

The cock left his mouth as he sat down, knees aching from the rocking back and forth of giving head. He licked his finger, filled with cum from his own masturbation. He looked at the mirror, hoping for some form of approval from his reflection to tell him how good he was at sucking cock.

But the reflection was just him, sitting on the floor, licking his fingers. The reflection was his own... no longer in control... no longer different. Everything was normal.

Everything was normal except for one thing: Steven wanted more cum. He wanted cock. And he was going to have to find a way to get it.