 Friday-Alex.

My parents were out of town for the weekend, three days of pure freedom and bliss. Everyone expects you to run a big ass party when you are home alone for the weekend, but let's face it, sometimes chilling home alone is even better.

It was a warm June weekend, sunny, not a cloud in sight. I was laying in my bed, looking out of the window and planning the day ahead. It was a perfect day to use the backyard pool; swim, get tanned and relax. I thought about it for a minute. Maybe having some company wouldn't be a bad idea. I got my cellphone out and texted Daniel. My best friend in the whole wide world.

"Hey I'm home alone for the weekend. Bring your stuff so you can stay over" I quickly texted.

"Got anything in mind?" was his reply.

"Chilling at the pool, having some beers, the usual" I texted back.

"Awesome, talk to my folks, be there soon" he replied 5 minutes later.

So with that in mind I got myself changed to my swimming suit so I could be ready before he arrived. "Not so bad" I thought as I contemplated myself in the mirror wearing only my swimming suit. I was a fairly ordinary 18 year old boy. I was about 6 feet, had black hair with round brown eyes. My face was fairly pleasant, if I do say so myself, and I had a pretty nice body in my opinion. I wasn't muscular or anything but I was well built.

My cellphone rang about an hour later. It was Daniel, he was here with a six pack of our favorite beer. That's why he is my best friend, he is always prepared. I opened the door for him and there he stood smiling that mischievous white smile of his. He was, objectively, a handsome boy. He had wavy, brown hair and a pair of round, green eyes; they were basically two emeralds shinning through that wicked smile of his, I could easily see why girls were into him.

He got inside and he made himself at home. It was after all a second home to him. Daniel and I, we've known each other since we were 4. Ever since we met we have been inseparable. We are those kind of friends who are able to communicate between each other with just a glance. Sure we've had our ups and downs, all friends fight eventually. But we've always made it work; we are an unbreakable duo.

"I see you are ready!" he said looking at me wearing only my swimming wear.

"Well, it is a perfect day to go swimming after all" I said as I gestured to the pool outside.

We made our way to the pool with our six pack and little speaker so we could listen to music. I dove into the pool while Daniel took a sip of his beer and took his shirt off so he could join me in the pool.

And so we chilled. Swimming and talking about nonsense while we had a couple of beers. That's the dream of every 18 year old boy who doesn't have a care in the world. Eventually the conversation turned to sex as it usually does. We started talking about which girls we found hot in school and the reasons why we found them hot. As it is bound to happen when you are talking about boobs, I started getting horny (the beer wasn't helping either).

"Man, we should just talk about something else" I said lazily "or else I might sport soon a huge ass boner from all this talk"

"Pluh-eez!" scoffed Daniel "That thing is so tiny it'd be barely noticeable"

"Spend a lot of time thinking about my dick?" I asked jokingly.

"Not much to think about, really" he replied as he splashed water in my direction.

"Still you think about it" I answered with some more water in his direction.

"Bastard! That one got into my eye! You are dead" he lunged at me. So an underwater wrestled match started between us. A difficult one at that. The water made everything more difficult and the beer made me lazy. I tried gripping at him and pin him down to no success, if I'm being honest. The result fo the wrestling match was just our bodies being smashed together in the water. Daniel must've gotten tired of it, because he wrestled free of me and got out of the pool.

"Don't be a sore loser!" I yelled at him as I got out of the pool and tackled him. He started wrestling me again while laughing. Both of our bodies fighting to get control in an entanglement of water and sweat. He was trying to roll me over, but I managed to pin him down completely. My whole body was on top of him, so there was no getting free now. We were both panting now from the effort. I smirked at him arrogantly. I had won. Yet I noticed something curious; my pelvis was way too close of his in this position. Too close. In fact they were touching each other, I realized.

That's when it started to happen. I started feeling it coming. I was starting to get hard, right there. What a horror! My dick was getting hard right over my best friend's balls. I panicked and released Daniel quickly so I could sit and hide my boner with my legs.

"Hey, everything ok? You look weird" he he asked concerned as he sat up.

"Yeah, no, it's nothing really, just a bad cramp, too much beer" I said trying to act normal. My face was betraying me, it was red as a burning sun.

"Yeah it must be a huge cramp" he said in a weird tone as he sat up "Beer can do that to you" he added, again with the same weird tone.

Daniel went to lay down and enjoy the sun. "Hope you get better dude!" he piped as he closed his eyes and put his face to the sun.

I was very embarrassed. Did I just get hard because of Daniel? Surely it must have been an accident. Random boners happen all the time, this was just bad timing. Yet again...

I looked at Daniel. He was all stretched out, taking in the sun. Then I really looked. He was pretty well made for a dude. He was as tall as me, but he had more muscle in him. And he looked more grown, more man in a way. It must be the body hair, he was definitely hairier than me. His legs were sprinkled with thick brown hair, as were his forearms; he was also starting to grow some thin dark brown hair right in the middle of his chest which lead to an increasingly thick line of hair that ran through his well defined abs, a line that ran all the way down to the bulge in his swimming shorts. That bulge, the bulge that hid his dick. I wondered, what would he look like naked? Maybe his balls are as hairy as his legs.

Man, I was getting hard again. And this time I was getting hard from looking at Daniel, there was no doubt. What was going on? Surely the beer, yes definitely the beer is making me stupid. I waited for my boner to go down and I joined Daniel. We stayed there for a while and we ordered a pizza.

After our pizza we got inside the house, the sun was setting in anyways and we were all dried up. I looked at Daniel as we were getting inside. His ass isn't that bad-STOP! That's the alcohol speaking. I tried pushing those thoughts away, they gave me an awkward, hard to describe feeling. Sexual thoughts they are-NO! I couldn't be thinking about my best friend like that. Not in a sexual way. I wasn't gay. Neither was him. Yet today he looked different; today there was a different vibe to their usual banter. Whatever it was, it had all started with that wrestling. It must be the beer, yeah, definitely the beer.

We made our way upstairs to our room with our stuff, still wearing only our swimming shorts. We hooked on the Nintendo Switch and we started playing our new favorite game, Super Smash Bros, a classic. I sat on the floor, he sat up on my bed. I won the first two rounds easily, I sure liked to win.

"How about we make things interesting?" he said again in that weird tone. The same one he had used earlier. At first I thought it was a mocking tone; he had surely seen my boner and wanted to mock me for it. But now I realized it was more of an inviting tone. Inviting me to what exactly?

He pulled out from his bag a bottle of tequila. Well, shit. "A shot everytime someone loses" I thought, sure why not? We started the match and much to my surprise I was severely defeated by him.

"Well we got a winner!" he exclaimed bringing the bottle towards me "You gotta drink it straight from the bottle! 5 seconds!"

And so I did. I gulped down the hot burning liquid for 5 seconds. Man, it tasted like hell. I was determined to beat him the next round, and so I did earning him his 5 seconds worth of alcohol. And I beat him again, another 5 seconds of precious Tequila. Then it was my turn to lose and get more Tequila. And so it went for another five rounds.

"Okay, I can't drink any more of this thing" he exclaimed after his last shot "Let's bet something else"

"Tomorrow's pizza's on the loser?" I suggested lazily, the alcohol causing me to glaze over. I knew my gaming skills were going to be compromised in this state.

"How about something cooler?" he said with the same weird tone. What's going on today with him? 

"Meaning?" I asked.

"Meaning something cooler, something we wouldn't normally do" he said as he got down the bed and sat next to me "We have a whole weekend ahead for ourselves, we are going to graduate soon, I say we should do something different, something crazy"

He stretched his legs next to mine, his leg hair was barely touching my own. It was an oddly erotic moment, I could feel the tension in the room growing, it was sending sparks coming off from my leg. I could basically feel my leg vibrating in the spot where he was touching me. My heart started beating really fast. I'm amazed I didn't start touching his leg right there; he would have probably punched the shit out of me. What was going on? More importantly, what is going to happen? "I sense a proposal coming up..." I said curiously.

"Well for starters, how about... the loser...has to get naked...?" he suggested with a playful tone.

"Naked? For real?" the whole suggestion startled me. Did he want to see me naked? Did I want to see him naked? If I was being honest, yes I did. Ever since the wrestling incident I started looking at him differently, there was a kind of magnetism between them; something that just clicked that day. And the alcohol didn't help. A lot of thoughts were rushing by my head. Should we do this? Should I let whatever this is continue? What if he is playing me? What if this is just some weird joke? 

"Yes, the loser has to get all naked" he answered as a matter of fact "We are friends, it's no biggie"

"We've never seen each other naked before" I pointed out.

"We won't" he said smugly "We won't be seeing each other, I'll be seeing you naked because you will be the one to lose"

His comment hit me right in my ego. What the hell? I'm gonna beat his ass. "You are on. Hit it"

We started our match. I chose Link, he was my favorite and most useful character. He chose Kirby. This should be an easy match. It wasn't. The alcohol was dulling my senses and Daniel was clearly putting on an effort to win. We both tied, it was sudden match. A crazy, all-out brawl to decide who'd be the winner. We both were pressing the buttons like crazy, trying to beat the other, making sure to get the other one naked, I was so close, I just needed to get his character flying off-

"Ha!" Daniel exclaimed as my character was sent flying off to his untimely defeat. An awkward silence settled between us. I had lost; I now had to pay off my debt. I started to get nervous. Was I really going to pull through with this?

"You know, sudden match, that's basically a tie" said Daniel slowly "In my point of view, a tie is a tie. We both lost, we both get naked. It's only fair"

He turned his eyes towards mine and we both stared at each other. My heart was going way too fast, he must surely hear it thumping! It was ringing in my own ears. 

"Well technically, you won, fair and square"

"Sudden match is a tie" he said standing up "As much as I would love to have you all naked for myself, I have to admit we both lost"

What did that comment mean? "As much as I would love to have you all naked for myself" He was again using the same inviting tone he had used earlier. I stood up to face him. We were both staring at each other. I couldn't keep my eyes off his, they were sparkling like little emeralds in that mischievous way of his.

He flashed me that smile of his and put his thumbs inside of his shorts and started to peel them off. I watched it happen in slow motion inside my head. It was one of the most beautiful sights I've ever experienced, really. I swear I will never forget the feeling of watching his shorts go down, slowly revealing a clearer skin than it was on his upper body. The long hairy trail of his abs growing larger as it expanded on a bush of light, brown hair encircling Daniel's uncut manhood. His shorts fell down to the ground and I was able to fully appreciate his nudity. I was taking in the way his leg hair grew thicker all the way to his hairy thighs, and right in the middle that long, soft-looking cock. It was just there, as if saying "Come, reach, touch me" And boy, I felt the strongest urge to do so.

Daniel stepped out of his shorts and kicked them to the corner. He stared at me, waiting for me to do the same. Fair is far, he got naked and he didn't even lose the bet. I would have to get naked too. Yet my body betrayed me, just the thought of exposing myself to Daniel got my dick awake. I sensed an arousal like none I had before, and in the matter of seconds my shorts were tenting furiously.

"Shit!" I muttered as I turned my back to Daniel "Hold on! I'm going to get some water" I moved two paces away of him, not knowing what to do. He surely knows now that I've been getting hard for him all day long, there was no hiding right now.

"Alex" he said softly "It's okay" I heard him approaching me "You have a cramp, I ...uhm... I think I also have one" He put a hand on my shoulder and I turned to face him. My eyes instinctively traveled down his body, and I saw much to my surprise that Daniel's formerly soft tool was now in fact transforming into a 8 inch, red, hot monster. I couldn't believe my eyes. Here was Daniel, naked as the day he was born, but not only naked, he was also hard as hell. "You see? My cramp"

"That is a nice looking cramp" I replied, I couldn't take my eyes off it. And Daniel couldn't take his eyes off my face.

"Should we see who is cramping harder?" he got down on his knees, face straight in my crotch. His hands starting undoing the lace of my shorts. I knew what he was going to do, most importantly I wanted him to do it, I ached for it. He started pulling down my shorts and down they went, my dick springing free in front of Daniel's face. And so he stared at me in my own naked glory. I had a 7 inch, cut dick sprouting from a bed of black curly hair. He stared at my face and ran my body with his eyes. He slowly lifted his hand and put it on my thigh. A slow groan escaped my lips, he raised his eyes to watch my face. His hand slowly traveled upwards, sending tingling sensation wherever he touched me, like a fire growing from a torch. His hand soon reached my hard dick, his fingers tracing a line over it.

"Daniel..." I gasped as his whole fist closed over my dick sending an electric jolt running straight to my brain. His fist softly moved up and down, causing my knees to tremble at his touch. Daniel soon stood up, his face mere inches away from mine. I could feel his breath on my face, he was breathing heavily. I struggled as I put one hand on his shoulder. The feeling of his skin under my hand was electrifying. We were staring at each other. Not a word was said. Not a comment as to why we were both naked or why we were both hard or why we were so close to each other that I could count the little freckles that sprinkled his nose.

He was staring at me with such an intensity I couldn't process my thoughts. I knew we were both getting closer to each other, the space between growing smaller and hotter. The tip of his dick touched the tip of my own; the intimacy and the dirtiness of this action was driving me insane. Our dicks were touching each other more fully now. I felt his hand on my waist and that was all I need. I put both my hands around his head and brought him to me. Our lips met in a tender embrace. We started kissing and my mind exploded. I didn't care that he was a boy or that he was my best friend or that we probably shouldn't be doing this; the only thing I cared about was the way his lips moved with mine.

My heart was leaping. This wasn't gross or weird. This was good. This was new, exciting, thrilling. I could have stayed like that, kissing him, all weekend long. His lips on mine just felt so good. He put his hands around my waist and pressed me closer to him; our dicks grinding each other. Daniel groaned as we pressed our bodies together, my hand running through his back, I could feel him getting sweaty. Our kiss became harder, more intense. What started as a soft embrace quickly developed into something wilder as I pushed my tongue into his mouth. He ran his tongue over my lips, as if tasting me. My hands found his way down to his butt. I did what any sane person would have done in my place, I squeezed it. Daniel groaned even louder as a result.

I do not know how long we stayed like that. It could have been a minute, it could have been an hour, it could have been a month. He managed to break free to get a bit of air.

"Do you want me to stop?" he asked fearfully as he gasped for air.

"Don't you dare stop" I replied flashing that wicked smile that was usually his.

And that was all he needed to push me down to the bed. He crawled on top of me and kissed me again. I took his ass into my hands again and I pressed it to me, pushing his dick on top of mine. He started to move his pelvis up and down sending me into a frenzy. My right hand found it's way to his dick and I took it. It felt so freaking good. I have to be honest, the thought of touching another person's dick had never crossed my mine. But man it felt good. It felt warm and tender, yet hard under my touch. Daniel squirmed in pleasure as I started jerking him, I could feel his moans in my mouth as our tongues wrested.

Then he broke our kiss and moved up, basically straddling me. He put his hand around both of our dicks, bringing them together. He started jerking both of us at the same time. I swear my eyes went to the back of my skull. What a feeling! I could see Daniel looking down at me, his broad chest glistening with sweat, that tiny speck of hair right there in the middle of it. I could see his face pulled into a grimace of lust and pleasure, something I'd never seen before in my friend. I moved my waist in the rhythm of his hand, he was giving quite a workout to both of our tools. His balls were resting on top of mine, I could feel the weight of them pressing on my own. His thighs around my body were quite sweaty, wether it was the moment or the activity that caused it, who knew? It was one of the most erotic moments of my life.

"Oh fuck, Alex!" he groaned as he pushed his hair back with his free hand. His other hand moving frantically "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" he said as he shot warm liquid all over our dicks. That was enough for me. I joined him as I felt my own orgasm building up from the center of my own being. We both shot thick globs of warm, white fluid over each other. I couldn't say how many times we shot, I was barely alive. The pleasure was so white, raw and fierce I felt like the life was being sucked out of me. If this was dying, it wasn't so bad. 

Daniel collapsed next to me, gasping. He was sweaty and his dick was full of cum. I was also sweaty but being the unlucky one I had been splashed way more. My chest, abs and groin were covered in our cum. Our cum. What a strange yet pleasing notion. Daniel, my best friend, had cum all over me. I think it may have even reached my neck.

"I think I'll use your shower now" he said curtly, standing up and dashing to my bathroom.

And that's when my panic settled in. I took some tissues from my nightstand and started cleaning our mess.
