 "There's a king-sized bed in the bedroom upstairs," I told Brad as we stumbled into the cabin. He was insistently pressed his hard cock up against my naked ass. I could feel the it through his jeans as his fingers pinched my nipples and he kissed and sucked my neck.

We headed for the stairs leaving Tim outside to get his pants back on and bring in the luggage. I was half-way up the stairs when Brad stopped me and by pushing against my lower back forced me to bend over. My ass was exposed completely to him. He reached between my legs and grabbed my balls. His tongue was in my asshole instantly. I pushed back and concentrated on opening my asshole to him. It felt incredible.

"Damn, baby, you couldn't wait for the bed." His answer was to squeeze my balls and begin to work my cock while pushing his tongue pushed even deeper into my asshole. I found myself moaning and humping his face. He suddenly stopped tongue-fucking my asshole and slapped my ass hard. I jumped to attention.

"Hold still, slut," was all he said.

"Yes, sir," I replied.

He went back to licking my asshole and jerking my cock and balls. I strained to be still and chanced spreading my legs a little wider. Without realizing it, I had gotten down on my knees with my head resting against the stairs, which, luckily, were carpeted. After enjoying my asshole for a few minutes, Brad came up for and air and said one word: "Bedroom."

I stood up and discovered my knees were weak, my head was spinning and my cock was hard. I leaned back a little and let Brad steer me up the stairs. The kitchen was directly in front of us and to right was a bedroom. I led him inside and turned around next to the bed. He grabbed me and kissed me passionately. Because I had been here before I knew there was lots of lube in a night stand next to the bed. I opened the drawer and got out a tube as Brad began to strip. He was about six foot three and had a huge, thick, uncut cock with gorgeous veins running the length of it. It was just over nine inches and made me feel like I would swoon every time I saw it. My cock was only five inches. Brad's was three times as thick as mine. I knew who was in charge.

Once he was naked, I climbed onto the bed on my elbows and knees and exposed my asshole to him. He licked my asshole again and down to my balls. The ball spreader was tight near the base and made me very aware of my balls being licked and sucked. 

"Listening to you and Tim fuck in the truck on the way here has me fucking horny, " he whispered to me. "I need to get off."

I knew then that my ass was going to get its first fucking of the weekend. Brad grabbed up the lube and squeezed it out onto my asshole. I felt his fingers pushing against my sphincter and I pushed back against him so my asshole would open up. His right index finger slide in to the inner ring of my ass. He twisted his finger around and I leaned back into him. As always happened, his finger slide in quickly and to the knuckle as he pushed past the inner ring. I loved this feeling, being penetrated by my man and knowing I was completely open and vulnerable to him. Brad pulled his finger out and I felt two very insistent fingers competing to get inside my asshole. I let out a moan and pushed back again. Both fingers now found my inner ring and pushed roughly through. I was wiggling my ass back against him, helping him to open my asshole. Suddenly, both fingers were gone.

"I love watching your asshole squeeze shut," he said. Now I felt three fingers moving inside me. There was less resistance this time and he quickly got past the inner ring. We both knew this meant I was ready for his cock. He stood behind me and positioned his cock head against my asshole. He had lubed his dick and began to push inside me. I concentrated only on relaxing my asshole. I felt his thickness reach my inner ring and begin to push. He teased me a bit by pulling out when he felt resistance and then quick, short thrusts against the inner ring of my anus. With a steady and powerful push, he entered me. Feeling him slide inside, my legs began to quiver and I drew in breath.

"Not all in the way in yet, slut," he hoarsely whispered. He began to pump into me. I felt him pick up the lube and cover the part of his cock not inside my ass yet. He pulled out almost completely and spread the lube. Then, thrust back inside my waiting ass. He was clearly needing to cum and began to fuck me while holding my hips. Usually, Brad lasted 15 or 20 minutes, but I could tell he was ready. I humped back into his thrusts finding his rhythm. He was deep inside me when he let out a growl and pushed as hard as he could. I squeezed my ass against him and he came. He slowed down and left his cock inside me.

"It's a good thing I found this," said Tim. I looked over to the side of the bed and Tim was holding a tumbler with a little bit of whisky in the bottom. 

"Good idea," said Brad, reaching for the glass. As Brad pulled out, he held the tumbler directly under my asshole. I lifted myself off the bed, as both Tim and Brad positioned themselves to watch as Brad's cum oozed out of gaping asshole and into the tumbler.

"Squeeze it out, whore," said Tim, ever the aggressive dom.

"Yes, sir," I replied, ever the pussy boy sub.

"Oh shit, look at that. You fucking filled him, Brad," said Tim. I could hear the plop of cum into the whisky.

"You two fucking made me horny," replied Brad.

After they were both satisfied that I had squeezed as much cum out of my ass as possible, Brad ordered me to turn around. I sat on the edge of the bed. 

"Open your mouth, tongue out," Brad ordered, catching some of Tim's aggression. I tilted my head back and slide my tongue out forming a cup with my tongue. Brad tipped the tumbler over slowly. The whisky and cum had mixed together and hit my tongue at the same time. The whisky was less viscous and went into my throat but the cum pooled up on my tongue. I had to hold the whisky at the back of my throat and let my masters enjoy the cum pooling on my tongue and oozing over my lips and down my chin. 

"Nice," said Tim, as he unzipped his jeans and dropped them to the floor. Brad rubbed his finger along my lips spreading his cum all over them. I began to play with the cum, feeling its thickness. 

"Go ahead and swallow it," Brad said. I closed my mouth and exaggeratedly swallowed his cum. Looking over, I saw Tim was now nude and his cock was swollen and reddish looking. I got on my knees in front of the two of them. Brad's dick was starting to stir as well.

"It's my turn at that ass," said Tim. I climbed back on the bed, but this time on my back and spread my legs. Tim did not bother with the lube but positioned his angry cock right against my asshole. Thankfully, Brad had lubed me pretty good. Tim didn't waste any time and was deep inside fucking me in an instant. He got off on long-dicking, pulling his cock all the way out till only the head was inside and them power fucking it back to the base. I reached down and pulled the cheeks of my ass apart in order to survive his cock attack.

"Damn, you are one hard fucker," said Brad, as he crawled onto the bed and moved into position above my head. My dream was coming true, both of my masters were taking me at the same time.

"It's what the fucking slut wants," replied Tim.

Brad laughed. "Then let's give him more." Brad's cock slapped me in the face. I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out. "Suck it, bitch." His dick tasted sweet from the lube. I realized he had gone from my ass into my mouth. I knew I was a dirty, little cock sucking whore at that moment. I sucked and moaned in ecstacy. Tim held my legs open by placing his hands on the backs of my thighs. As I sucked Brad, he roughly twisted my nipples. At times, I couldn't breath and I gagged and choked and coughed. My drool was everywhere on my face and all over Brad's cock. 

Tim let go of my legs and grabbed my cock. "I should pull this little clit right off," he said as he squeezed my dick and jerked me off. 

After several minutes of rough fucking, they decided to do something they had seen in a movie. We went out into the living and I had to get on my elbows and knees on an ottoman. They both got behind me. Tim went first. He slide his cock all the way inside my ass until his balls touched me. Then he pulled out and walked around where I had to suck him while Brad slide his cock inside me. They both laughed heartily.

"Yes, suck it you fucking whore," yelled Tim. 

"Let's make it twenty strokes each," said Brad.

"Good idea. And you fucking count them, bitch," Tim ordered me.

"Yes, sir. One..." I said. Brad smacked my ass hard, making me jump. 

"No, whore, this is the free one." Both of my masters laughed, while Brad took advantage of the situation to pump several times into my asshole.

We were on seventeen when Eric, Billy and Sam walked in.

"Looks like we'll have to start over with the whole crew," said Tim laughing. "Let's get a few beers first." This was going to be the best weekend of my life.