 He was known as the traveler. His favorite pastime was to travel around, searching for well-built, handsome men for one purpose: to get fucked.

Over the years, he had encountered many men. The encounters all had two things in common: they were always strangers, and the sex was always hot. He had to admit that sex with strangers turned him on. He had ways of making these fine men want him. He was well experienced, and tonight, he was horny again.

He set out on a well traveled road, and went some distance through the woods. There were quite a few men, but none of them were his taste; too old, too thin, too feminine. It was well noon when he finally saw him, the perfect candidate: tall and thickly built, he was a beauty. He had long brown hair in loose waves, a strong angular jaw and deep set eyes. His vest only just fit, and the traveler could tell he had a nicely muscled body. The open collar revealed a hint of chest hair, and the man's tight fitting breeches did not conceal a delicious bulge between his thighs. From the man's agile demeanor and the dagger in his soft boots, the traveler could tell he was a hunter, and straight as an arrow. This made him so excited. The traveler grinned wickedly; tonight, instead of hooting owls, the forest will hear shouts and screams of pleasure.

He approached him. "Sir, could you tell me how to go to the village" he asked. 

The Hunter said, "The village is a day's trek through the woods – indeed, I am heading there myself". He had a deep and mellow voice. The traveler wondered how it would sound shouting obscenities in the height of lovemaking. 

"What say we trek together? It is no good idea to go to the forest alone….even a strong man like you could easily fall prey to hungry wolves". 

The Hunter considered, and said "A sound plan. Come, we set off now." And they headed towards the dense forest.

They trekked for two hours. The Hunter was sleek and agile, and managed to catch two rabbits while trekking. He said, "We shall soon reach a clearing beside a stream. We shall set camp there. I need to wash." It was all the traveler could do not to squirm in excitement. He would love to see the hunter bathe, all nude and wet in the stream.

They reached the clearing and collected wood to make a fire. The hunter left for the stream. Pretending to be disinterested, the traveler busied himself with the fire, and quickly followed to spy on the sexy hunter. Peering behind a tree, he could see that the hunter had put his boots and gear onto the streambed. The hunter bent down, and cupping his hands with water, began to wash his face and arms. He then began to strip off his vest, revealing his developed chest. Years of hunting and meat eating endowed him with huge muscles and big arms, and he was blessed with broad shoulders. The traveler was delighted to note that his nipples were brown and flat. A thin sprinkling of hair covered the top part of his chest and a trail of fur began at his navel and disappeared under his breeches. 

The traveler had to touch himself as the hunter began to remove his breeches. He was squirming in excitement and breathing hard when the hunter pulled down the tight garment and his cock sprang free. The hunter's soft cock was still very large to behold and the traveler feasted his eyes on the delightfully big cockhead and the pleasurably big balls of the hunter, which were soft and hung pendulously between the hunter's thighs. The hunter's cock and balls were surrounded by a dense pelt of curly black cockfur and his balls bounced up and down as he treaded into the water. The traveler couldn't wait for it to be engulfed by his mouth as he sucked and sucked…..

Watching him bathe, the traveler thought how perfect this man was, and that tonight was going to be one of his best ever. He was trembling in excitement. The traveler watched keenly as the hunter washed himself in the stream. His taught muscles flexed and rippled as he moved in the water. Lifting his arms to wash his hair, the traveler observed an abundant bush of fur in each deep muscled crevice of his armpits. Cock in hand, the traveler thought with barely contained excitement how he would lick and worship every inch of this hunter, from his mile-wide shoulders, to his godlike arms, to his narrow waist…

But he had to save himself. He hurried back to the clearing, and busied himself with the firewood when the hunter returned, freshly washed, and began to skin a rabbit for supper. He took from his sack a pot, and filled it with water from a skin, and hung it atop the fire. When the water boiled, he threw in the diced rabbit meat and some salt and herbs, and let it simmer.

Meanwhile, the traveler said to the hunter, "Sir, might it not be prudent to collect a store of wood for the night? These twigs here will not last". To which the unsuspecting hunter agreed and went off in search for more firewood. As soon as he was gone, the traveler took from his pocket a carefully wrapped pouch. Grinning wickedly, he unwrapped the pouch and opened it. Inside was a carefully folded sheaf of parchment, and inside that was a sprinkling of fine pink powder. It was known as the Delight of Venus, an aphrodisiac so potent that its effect can only be subdued after long hours of continuous sex. The traveler had gotten it with much painstaking toil, but it had been worth it, oh yes. Only a very small measure was needed to give unparalleled sexual excitement and bliss. But the traveler emptied the entire contents into the hunter's rabbit stew – that was how lustful he was that night. Once the hunter had ingested the spiked stew, he would soon feel an unquenchable desire to fuck – and it would not matter if it was with a woman……or another man. The added dosage would mean an entire night of hot, sweaty and wild sex. The traveler could barely wait.

The hunter soon returned with the firewood. He inspected the stew and began to ladle it out for himself. The traveler refused the stew, for he was already very sexually aroused, and was too excited to eat. He nibbled on some bread and watched with satisfaction as the hunter ate the stew with relish, and then had a second helping.

When most of the stew was gone, the sky had grown dark. They lay out their blankets and settled in for the night. The traveler thought to himself, the Delight of Venus will soon work its magic…As soon as it was all dark, the traveler stripped off all his clothes under his blanket, so that the hunter will find him conveniently exposed when the time came.

It was half an hour later when the traveler, who was pretending to be asleep, heard rustling from the hunter's blanket, across the fire. He grinned, the medicine was working. The hunter felt hot all over, thought the night was chill. It was the unmistakable heat of lust. The hunter suddenly felt wave after wave of the most intense lust coursing through his hot blood. He was wide awake, and every hair on his body stood on end. All his senses became incredibly acute, yet somehow they all reminded him of sex. All he could think about was the act of fucking. The night was quiet, but his heavy breathing could be heard by the false asleep traveler, who could barely stop grinning in the dark.

The hunter felt sweat breaking out. His fully erect cock had never felt so uncomfortably hard and engorged in his life. Being such a large cock, it was particularly unpleasant right now, stuffed in his tight hunting-breeches. The heat was getting worse, and his thoughts were swimming in images of sex. He ripped off his tunic in frustration; his hard, furry body heavily drenched in sweat. He threw off his blankets and carefully began to remove his breeches, evidently not caring if anyone saw him. He swore softly but obscenely. He needed to stroke himself very badly.

The traveler watched all this with excitement. Through half closed eyes, he could see the sexy, damp body of the hunter writhing in his blankets, and watched keenly as he undid his breeches. He held his breath as he slowly pulled them down, and could barely contain a gasp when the hunter's cock sprang loose.

The hunter exhaled in relief. His cock never felt so large and engorged before. It was twice as long as it was when the traveler saw it soft, and to his utter delight, it was delectably curved at the tip. The large pink tip was gleaming in fluid, which was dripping profusely down the long shaft onto his tightening balls. The hunter's cock was extremely thick and engorged. Veins popped up and made his cock look angrily aroused. He could feel it throbbing in the night air, emanating a heat of its own.

The traveler watched in excitement and amusement as the hunter kneeled and began to stroke his beautiful cock with long, quick strokes. As the aphrodisiac coursed through his veins, his began to pump his cock with a frenzied enthusiasm. He was now acutely aroused, and badly needed the relief. He threw his head back and moaned as he jerked his thick cock. The traveler knew better; he knew that the effect of the Delight of Venus could not be so easily dampened especially so large a dose. With a guttural groan the hunter released squirt after squirt of hot white seed, and flopped onto his blankets, expecting the relief of orgasm. But while he felt the pleasure of cumming, his cock was as hard as ever, and his state of arousal had not diminished but had heightened. He was now sweating profusely, and his breathing was laboured. The most carnal of sex thoughts began to appeal to him and he roamed up and down naked thinking quickly of how to satiate this inhuman lust. He began to pace in a frenzy, horny as hell, and he jerked his cock as he walked, and with the other hand, he squeezed his nipples hard.

At this point the traveler craftily pretended to turn in his sleep, and position himself just so that his ass was exposed and perked from the blankets. It shone white and smooth in the moonlight.

The hunter caught sight of this, and immediately the lust flared in him. He could not banish the enticing thoughts of how tight and warm the traveler's asshole must be….and how delightful his screams of pain and pleasure would sound. He would fuck him like the whore he was, fuck that tight hole until dawn broke….and much as he knew it was immoral and wrong, the hunter advanced to the traveler's side.

The closer he got the more enticing the traveler's ass looked. With a quick gesture, the hunter grabbed the traveler's neck and pinned him down. Smothering a grin, the traveler feigned surprise. "What are you doing? Get off me!"

The wild eyed hunter, drenched in sweat and lust, said in a hoarse voice, "I will fuck you now, whore. Submit to my cock or I shall kill you and fuck your corpse. Do not hinder me, for such is my lust!" And with a quick movement, the hunter quickly licked his fingers, shoved them into the traveler to slightly lubricate the hole, and swiftly inserted his big cock into the tight hole.

The traveler shouted, for the cock was big and it had been so long. Yet soon he welcomed the familiar feeling of his ass being stretched and filled by manmeat, and he arched himself to accommodate the large hunter. The hunter fucked him relentlessly, selfishly thrusting regardless of whether the traveler felt pain or pleasure. His rhythm was quick, and his hips bucked to and fro rapidly. With each thrust he swore "fuck!" which was met by the traveler's "yeah fuck me!". 

As lust conquered the hunter's every thought, he fucked harder and harder into the traveler's tight hole. The quiet night resounded with their groans and swear words of encouragement. The traveler was in heaven. He waited so long for this. With each thrust of the hunter's engorged cock he could feel his hole stretch wider and wider. Then, a guttural moan from the hunter and the traveler felt his asshole injected with spurt after spurt of hot cum, deep inside. Withdrawing his cock, the hunter flipped him over and kissed him roughly on the lips. He was smiling broadly. "You liked that, didn't you? You liked being fucked by a real man, huh?" he said softly, menacing. He held him by the neck and forced him to kneel in submission. "I'm in great need for it tonight. My cock won't stay soft. You shall be my bitch and cockslave all night long and see to my every whim. Suck my cock now." And with that, he forced his thick pole into the traveler's eager mouth, fucking it deep and pulling his hair.

The hunter's large cock was rock hard. The traveler could taste cum on it as he sucked. But the hunter's constant fucking made it difficult for him to suck properly. The hunter kept fucking his mouth, deeper and deeper, and it was hard for the traveler to breathe. It was so big it filled his mouth. The hunter face-fucked him so hard his balls slapped against the traveler's chin, and soon, with a roar, he came again, deep in his mouth, holding the traveler's head close to his thighs to make sure the every drop went down his throat.

Without missing a beat, the strong hunter threw him over and spread his legs again. He spat on his iron club of a cock and fucked it into the traveler's still raw love hole. They fucked like this - the traveler's face in the dirt, his ass high up in the air – for a long time. This time, without warning, the hunter came strong and hard up his hole, and when he pulled his cock out, he could see his cum dribble slowly out of the well-fucked hole. It excited him.

The hunter flipped him over again, on his back. The traveler had had enough – he started to protest, but the hunter immediately plugged his mouth with his huge cock, right to the balls, chuckling wickedly. He mouth-fucked him slowly this time, savoring the hot wetness on his insatiable cock, watching the traveler's lips expand each time he penetrated them, accommodating the huge girth of his cock. In his effort to breathe, the traveler neglected to suck the cock lodged deep near his throat opening. The traveler slapped him with the back of his palm, his cock still filling his mouth. "Suck me", he ordered. Although difficult, the traveler managed to both suck and breathe. Occasionally, the hunter would swear and moan in pleasure. But when his hard cock struck the traveler's tonsil, the traveler couldn't stop the gag reflex, and was slapped again by the hunter, hard enough for him to feel the humiliating pain. And when the hunter mouthfucked him so deep his coarse pubes tickled the traveler's nose, causing him to sneeze, the hunter slapped him so hard it left a mark. 

From his viewpoint between the hunter's powerful thighs, the traveler could see, up his hairy and muscled body, the handsome hunter's expression of sexual ecstasy. However the traveler did not enjoy the view for long, because the hunter plucked out his hard, wet cock from his mouth, pumped it, and came all over the traveler's face. 

The cum was still dribbling from the hunter's piss slit when, once again, the traveler was thrown over to be fucked. He tried to struggle but the strong hunter pinned him down with his muscled forearms and torso. In perfect contrast to the mouthfuck, the hunter's assfucking this time was hard and rough. As he raped the traveler's hole, all his muscles in his back and thighs strained with the effort of the forceful thrusts. The traveler's raw hole was now numb and he couldn't feel anything except an uncomfortably dull pain, deep in his anal passage. Still, the hunter fucked relentlessly, the night echoing with his guttural groans and the slick, wet sounds of their lovemaking.

The traveler must have passed out, because when he awoke, aching all over and deep inside him, the sun was high in the sky and the hunter was gone. He got up, surveyed the area, and, with a huge, satisfied smile, set out the way he came.