 All characters are over 18. The second installment doesn't contain any sex either, I'm pretty sure it will be in the next one. I'm trying to slow down my writing process a little. Feel free to comment and suggest changes. I am still looking for an editor if anyone is interested.

*****

Blaine

I met his amber eyes, I had smelled his spicy scent as soon as I went through the door. It was kind of funny that all of the packs agreed to make the announcement the day before I met my mate. 

He was beautiful.

Sitting down I could not tell how tall the man was, but I'm sure I'll know soon. I stared into amber eyes as I made his way through the dance floor. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aloke

I forgot to breathe. I fiddled with the glass in my hands. For some reason I could not shy away from those silver eyes. I had yet to take in any of the man's other features, but those silver eyes held secrets. Secrets that I desperately wanted to know. 

Before long, the man belonging to those silver eyes was in front of me. He smiled. I tried to smile, I don't know if I was successful. I was nervous..I missed what he said.

"What?"

~~~~~~~~~~

Blaine

I reached the man before long. I smiled at him. His small smile back was all I needed. 

"Can I buy you a drink?" It came out of my mouth before I realized how corny it sounded.

"What?" He replied. He hadn't heard my first question, I got to try again.

"I'm Blaine." I stuck my hand out. 

He blushed "Aloke" he took my hand in his and we shook for a little longer than necessary. 

"Are you here with someone?"

"I came with my friend" he said as he pointed to a short blonde on the dance floor with one of my pack members Anali. I reached out to my connection with Anali "Is that your mate?"

"Yes Alpha." Anali looked to see where I was in the club and upon making eye contact bowed her head in submission.

"Good. Take her home, I will be accompanying her friend Aloke, my mate."

"Congratulations Alpha. Thank you." Usually there was a process that mates had to go through with meeting the alpha before they could mate, it involved a meeting at my workplace to see if they were submissive or dominant, and to see if they could potentially be an alpha. I could already tell from the way Aloke's friend danced that she was not an alpha. Her mind was lost with Anali as she danced, not seeking out potential threats like an alpha would. She also danced freely, and if Anali hadn't been holding on to her I'm pretty sure someone else could have stepped in and taken either of them as their partner, something else an alpha would never risk with their mate. 

I heard Aloke shuffle in his seat. "She's pretty." I said.

"Yes, she is."

"Is that her girlfriend?"

Aloke balked at my openness. "They just met."

"I have a feeling that they'll be together until the end, I'm pretty good with these things" I winked at him. I actually wasn't good with these things but I needed him to know what I was thinking. He was special and I intended to take him. 

He blushed again, damn he was cute when he blushed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aloke

When I pointed out Naomi, Blaine stared at her for a couple of minutes. Great. He was into girls. He probably saw us walk in together and wanted to get to her through me. I shuffled in my chair, trying to make my erection less obvious now that I knew he was straight. 

"She's pretty." He finally said when he withdrew his eyes from her.

"Yes she is." I replied as my heart shattered. I don't know why I had such strong feelings for a guy I just met. 

"Is that her girlfriend?" He asked like it was the most common question in the world. 

"They just met." I said trying to not looked shocked at his comment. Then he came out with a doozy. 

"I have a feeling that they'll be together until the end, I'm pretty good with these things" And winked at me. Was that an invitation? I could feel myself blushing. I was very attracted to Blaine, he was gorgeous and there was the tiniest of chances that he wanted me. 

Then I saw Naomi leaving. I panicked. "Um, I have to go, my friends leaving." I saw her glance my way. She looked at Blaine. She smiled and waved. I was confused.

"Don't worry Aloke. I'll take you home."

That didn't sound right to me. He was going to rape me. He would take me in his car and throw me out somewhere no one would find me. But when I looked into his eyes I couldn't help but trust him. "Okay."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Blaine

I was enjoying Aloke's company when he sputter out "Um, I have to go, my friends leaving." He looked alarmed. Of course he didn't know they were mates yet but his words hurt me, I didn't want him to leave yet. 

"Don't worry Aloke. I'll take you home." I said without even thinking. He looked even more nervous then, fear flashing in his eyes. That hurt more than him wanting to leave with his friend. 

"Okay" He finally replied in a small voice. I relaxed all the muscles that I didn't know had tensed upon waiting for his answer. But I didn't want to take him home just yet.

"Would you go to dinner with me?" I asked feeling the anxiety over his answer fill me again.

He looked at me, confusion, happiness, worry all mixed in those amber eyes of his. "Okay" he replied and finished off his water as if suddenly parched. I smiled. "But I have to be home by midnight."

"Alright" I replied just a little confused. 

"I live with my parents" He offered with a blush upon seeing my confusion.

"Oh. I'll have you home by 11:45 to make a good impression." I smiled my brightest smile. His eyes made their way to the ground and stayed there. My smile turned into a frown. I reached out my hand and with two fingers pulled his chin up so that his eyes met mine. "What's wrong little one?" I asked.

He blushed "They can't know I was with you tonight. They're strict, they won't accept it." I kept my finger under his chin to keep eye contact, but also to keep touching him because he felt like heaven. 

"Whatever you say goes Aloke." I replied even though I just wanted to take him right there and scream to the world, HE'S MINE. "Will you come with me now?" He nodded. It was just past 10 and I only had two hours with my beauty, I sure as hell wasn't going to waste them. 

It turned out Aloke wasn't so little after all. At 6' even he stood below me by only a couple of inches. It unnerved me, and excited me at the same time. His nickname wasn't going away too soon though, until I could call him better things that he knew the sincerity of. 

I took him to a small Italian place a couple of blocks away from the bar. It wasn't fancy, but it had good food. I wanted to hear him delight in their food, their desserts. I took his jacket and put it on the back of his chair and held it out for him to sit. He blushed. 

"So what's good here?" He asked clearing his throat obviously a little uncomfortable with the situation.

"Everything." I replied and he looked overwhelmed. "Did you have dinner yet?" He nodded. "We'll just get dessert then." I smiled. I wanted to see him eat one of their delicious cannolis. I waved the waiter over. "Two cannolis please." 

He wrote it down on his pad "Coming right up sir" he scurried away. Aloke put his menu down. 

"What's a cannoli?" He asked, he had never had one? I was surprised.

"You'll see." I said as I saw the waiter approaching us again with two plates a cannoli on each of them. 

~~~~~~~~~~~

Aloke

I was nervous. Blaine took my jacket and held out my seat for me to sit. He was ever the gentleman. It made my heart flutter. 

"So what's good here?" I asked him because italian food was not my forte. I had traditional indian meals cooked by my mother since the day I could chew. 

"Everything." He replied and I was overwhelmed with the things on the menu. Chicken parmesan? Torta Rustica? Chicken Piccata? What were these things?

"Did you have dinner yet?" I nodded, I had dinner with my parents before I went to the bar with Naomi. 

"We'll just get dessert then." He smiled. He motioned the waiter. "Two cannolis please." 

The waiter looked at him with lust as he said "Coming right up sir" and he sauntered away. I put my menu down, trying to control the possessiveness that had overtaken me. 

"What's a cannoli?" I asked.

"You'll see." He said. 

The slutty waiter came back with two tan rolls filled with a white cream and place a plate in front of each of us. I looked at Blaine waiting for him to take a bite so I could follow his lead. He didn't move. His eyes looked at me expectantly. "Well, are you going to try it?" He said

I was not going to ask him how to eat it. I looked around to see if anyone else had the strange roll and saw a woman holding one in her hand, she hadn't done anything with it yet but I figured I should pick it up. 

~~~~~~~~~~

Blaine

I intentionally did not touch the tempting cannoli in front of me. I wanted to see what Aloke would do with the new food. "Well, are you going to try it?" I asked, trying to goad him on. His gaze wandered around the room. I kept my eyes locked on him.

He picked up the cannoli. His tongue darted out to taste the filling. My eyes were glued to his tongue. He kept lapping at the filling until he reached an impasse where the shell started. He was hesitant, but took a bite. And as cannolis do oh so often it crumbled in his hand. 

He blushed. I smiled. He looked sad and adorable at the same time. He looked up at me "Well how are you supposed to eat it then?" He said with the most sass I had heard from him yet. 

I picked up my cannoli and took a bite, forming a suggestive O shape with my mouth before I did so. I flipped it around and took another bite. Then I took the middle and held it out to him. He reached his mouth out and took the whole thing in one bite. His soft lips brushed against my fingers in the process. My cock jumped, it had been hard since I first saw him but now it was calling for his attention. 

His phone went off. He picked up. "Yes. Thanks Amar. I owe you one." He said as he hung up the phone. 

"That was my co-worker. He said they were getting off early. His parents are friends with mine. I need to go home now." I was disappointed I motioned for the bill. The waiter came over and I tipped him double. 

"Come on let's go." We got into my escalade and he told me his address. It was 15 minutes away. We drove in comfortable silence. I got to his house way too quickly, even though it had taken the exact 15 minutes that he said. He went to get out of my car.

"Wait" I said breathing in his scent. "When can I see you again?" 

He sat back. "I don't know. I don't think this is a good-"

I cut him off, "Where do you work?" He told me the address, I memorized it immediately. I looked at him lustfully. "Goodnight Aloke."

He hesitated and opened his door, but I heard him whisper "Goodnight Blaine." Before he shut it. He strode across the lawn, I knew I would see him again, the first chance I got, but my wolf was not pleased.

I drove away.

To be continued...