 "It's to keep you from touching your cock, cumming or getting an erection," Eric said as he fastened the cock cage around my dick. "This way, you can be our little slave for the whole evening without getting any relief for yourself." 

The others had gathered around drinking beer and watching while Eric fastened the cock cage in place. He had smacked my balls several times to make me lose my erection and quickly fitted the device over my cock. He had a tiny padlock he snapped shut. "There," he said, "I'll unlock this and let you get off after all of us have cum either in your ass or your mouth."

"Or both,"said Sam, taking off his pants.

"Now the little bitch will have to concentrate all her efforts on getting us off," Tim laughed and moved me back up on my knees on the ottoman. He stepped behind me and slide his cock back into my asshole and began to pump and smack my ass at the same time.

"I've also got some nipple clamps to use later," Eric said as he began to strip. I looked up to see Bill naked and playing with Brad's cock as they sat together on the couch. My view was suddenly replaced by Sam's quickly stiffening cock. I opened my mouth and began to suck, trying to catch the rhythm as Tim pounded hard into my asshole. Tim was in his most dominate mood and was definitely giving my asshole a hard fucking. Sam and Eric stood side by side and took turns filling my mouth. I could feel my cock straining at the restraint Eric had placed on it. I fucked back hard against Tim, hoping to get him off sooner. I knew he had no real intention of cumming so soon, since he thoroughly enjoyed raping my asshole till I begged him to stop. Once at the hotel where we met, he fucked my ass non-stop for over 30 minutes.

I could hear Brad and Bill fucking each other. I was losing myself in sucking Sam and Eric's dicks. Eric was seven inches and thick and heavy. Sam was longer, almost nine inches and nicely proportioned. Eric tasted really good and I loved the feel of his dick in my mouth, pushing against my throat. Tim pulled out and walked around to my mouth. 

"Watch him taste his own asshole," he said. I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out. Tim's cock plunged into my mouth gagging me. Sam or Eric was in my asshole fucking, while Tim continued to bark orders at me to swallow his cock. All the while, making sure to thrust so fast all I could do was gag. Somehow, I was rolled over onto my back. I looked up to see Eric enter my ass before Tim pushed my head to hang back down over the edge of the ottoman and began mouth-fucking me. He and Sam took turns. Drool was running all down my face. I couldn't see anything. Sam suddenly came. His hot spunk going into my nose and all over my mouth. I licked and swallowed. Sam put the head of his dick just inside my mouth and squeezed more cum out.

"Good," Tim said. "Now his mouth is all mine." Sam went off to get a beer and Tim began to really fuck my mouth now. He pushed his cock into my throat as I swallowed. He would hold his cock deep inside until I gasped for air and fought him off. Eric held my legs spread and fucked me even harder watching Tim torture me. 

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum," Eric said. He pushed hard into my ass and held his cock as deep as he could. I could feel his spasms. As soon as he pulled out, Tim moved around to between my legs. He slid his fingers up inside and brought them out dripping Eric's cum. "Lick it off my fingers, whore." 

I sucked Eric's cum off Tim's fingers and felt him push his cock inside me. As I continued to suck Tim's fingers he fucked me while twisted my nipples with his other hand. After a few minutes of Tim's hard fucking, even he came. I felt exhausted. Tim went off to get another beer. I rolled off the ottoman and saw Brad sitting naked on the couch. His big, beautiful cock limply hand down. I summoned up the energy and crawled over to him. I climbed up and spread my legs across his lap. We began to kiss with me sitting straddling him. 

"Did you cum again?" I asked

"Yes, with that other guy sucking me off. But, I think I feel something coming back to life" He said. I could feel his dick moving around between his legs and starting to stand up. We kept kissing very slowly. I reached back to stroke Brad's cock and realized that the mixture of Eric and Tim's cum had leaked out of my asshole and was covering Brad's cock. It made stroking him easy since he was getting such a nasty lube. 

"Fuck me, please," I whispered into his ear, stroking his cock to full erection.

Brad reached between his legs and guided his cock up to my asshole. I positioned myself over him and felt him begin sliding in. I slowly eased down to the base of his huge cock, kissing him all the while. He began to pump up into my ass. My cock was aching inside its cage. Suddenly, I felt Sam behind me.

"You think two cocks can fit in his asshole?"

"Shit yes," said Tim. "Get ready, bitch."

Sam moved behind me and got in position.

"Please, go slow. I've never done this before," I said.

His answer was to place his cock alongside Brad's and let the shape of Brad's cock lead his cock up to my asshole. I could feel him pushing as Brad kept still. I kept kissing Brad and concentrating on relaxing my asshole. As Sam's cock began to enter me, I thought it wasn't going to work, but my asshole opened up more than I thought possible. With a steady and determined push, both cocks were inside me.

"Yes," Tim shouted. "Fuck him now. Fuck him like a dirty whore."

Sam began to pump up into me and then Brad did as well. I could feel their cocks rubbing against each other and I was fuller than I ever imagined I could be. 

"Oh, god," I moaned. "That's incredible."

They fucked me as Tim, Eric and Bill watched for a few minutes. Then Eric and Bill went off to the bedroom. Tim positioned himself up on the edge of the couch and Brad I both began to suck his cock. I was in ecstacy.