 Dear readers, The following story is a little different from my usual writing as it is set in a different time and place, and if you decide to read through all the chapters, you will find a few little twists that I hope will be both exciting and unexpected. With that said, please enjoy:

Chapter One: Love Rides Up

A light cool spring rain had begun to fall as Josh reined in his steed and dismounted under the lean-to at the edge of one of his groves of apple trees.

"We'll just sit out this little cloud burst here for awhile." Josh stroked the neck of Hermes. "It doesn't look like it will last all that long."

Josh sat down on the bench under the lean-to as Hermes walked a little further into the grove to the younger trees where the fruits would be sweeter and moister.

"Don't eat too many ole boy," Josh told Hermes as he watched him grab onto a branch with his teeth and shake the apples loose so they fell to the ground. "Leave some for the workers to pick."

Josh reached into his vest pocket, pulling out a sterling silver cigarillo case he flipped it open and pulled one out with his lips. Striking a match against his belt buckle he touched the flame to the tip and drew a long steady stream of air thru the cigarillo. 

"Ah," Josh sighed as he exhaled the aromatic smoke. "Those boys in Virginia know how to make a good smoke."

Josh leaned back, lowering his hat so the front brim shielded the sun from his eyes and enjoyed his smoke. A rainbow had formed on the eastern horizon; Josh tipped his hat up to marvel at the colors contained in the beautiful arc bisecting the faint blue hue of the afternoon sky. As he did, he noticed off in the distance, a loner rider approaching. 

"Now who do you think that could be?" He asked turning to Hermes. He didn't expect the horse to answer; it had just become second nature for Josh to talk to his steed as if he were human. With all the time they spent alone together it was comforting to Josh to think Hermes understood what he said. Hermes shook his head and whinnied, as if to say, 'I don't know.'

Josh pulled out his Ivory handled Colt and rechecked to make sure it was fully loaded, he re-holstered the pistol and stepped to the edge of the lean-to, where he was still being protected somewhat from the rain, but out in the open enough for the rider to see him as he approached. Who was this lone rider riding across his range? Maybe it was a messenger from town? Maybe it was an agent for one of the buyers of his produce? He wasn't expecting visitors today, and not knowing who it was; he figured it would be best to be prepared for the worst. 

"Hermes." Josh called out. The horse stopped eating and walked to his side. Josh gathered the reins in his left hand. It was best to have his trusty steed in hand for a couple reasons. If the rider decided to run after being confronted, he wanted Hermes at hand, both to be able to mount and give chase, but also to be nearer to his rifle to be able to take the rider from his saddle swiftly and justly.

The rider approached at a full gallop, the light easy rain having turned into a true downpour, and upon seeing Josh standing at the edge of the grove reined his horse in Josh's direction. He slowed to a canter as he neared, then to a walk before reining in his horse a few feet from the apple trees.

"Afternoon Sir." The rider said as he tipped his Stetson to Josh. "Would you be the owner of this land?"

"That I would be," Josh answered as he rested his hand loosely on the butt of his revolver. "Josh Lawton's the name. And just whom would you be?"

"Tobias is the name," The rider said. "Tobias Carter. Mind if I dismount and join you out of the rain?"

"Yes do," Josh said motioning the young man under the lean-to. "Pardon my manners. It's just I don't get many visitors out this way."

"Thank you kindly Sir," Tobias said as he dismounted and walked his horse under the trees. "It didn't seem like it was going to be such a strong cold rain when it started."

"No, no it didn't." Josh replied, looking up towards the sky. "I'm guessing it won't last long though, the sun has already broken free and the clouds seem to be dissipating."

Josh watched as Tobias tied his horse to one of the trees then stepped under the lean-to, removing his Stetson and letting flow his long blond locks. As Tobias removed his now drenched ankle length duster to reveal the lean body of a young farm hand, he turned and faced Josh.

"I thank you kindly for the hospitality, so to speak." Tobias said as he shook his head to shake off any wetness the rain had caused. 

Josh gazed upon Tobias, it was as if what he was watching was happening in slow motion. The rain droplets flew in every direction as Tobias shook his head back and forth. The rainwater seemed to flow down the length of Tobias's long golden locks then leap to life as they flew from his head. When Tobias looked up, Josh found himself looking into the bluest eyes he had ever seen. They were surrounded by the most beautifully tanned smooth face and cherry red lips that looked like they belonged to an Angel. 

Josh glanced down, he saw the purple silk shirt, unbuttoned to the third button, revealing a just as tanned smooth chest, with a silver and leather bolo clasped loosely around his neck. Josh continued glancing down, he saw the silver and pearl encased gun belt around Tobias's slender waist and the twin Mahogany handled Colts at his side. Josh's eyes followed down the sleek leather pant legs to the knee high boots embroidered with roses with rubies in the centers. Josh's eyes followed back up to Tobias's face, which now looked even more Angelic then before. Josh was lost in the beauty of this stranger who had ridden up in the rain. So lost, he didn't hear Tobias speak at first. 

"Sir?" Tobias repeated. "Are you okay Sir?"

Blinking his eyes a couple times and slightly shaking his head, Josh managed to stammer, "Yes, yes, I just got lost in thought there for a second. What is it you said?"

"I was wondering if you were in need of any help on your ranch." Tobias asked.

"Well I rightly don't know," Josh replied. "It would all depend on your credentials and what you can do."

"I can do just about anything," Tobias said. "As for my credentials, I have many letters of recommendation from my previous Lords."

"Lords?" Josh asked surprised. "I take it you'd be new to this land?"

"Yes Sir," Tobias answered. "I've only been in these parts for a couple weeks now. I just got off the latest ship from England that took in at Williamsburg, South Carolina."

"Well you've travel a ways north in a short time then," Josh said still gazing upon Tobias's angelic face. "But around these parts we don't have any Lords. We left all those stodgy titles behind after the big war with the Kings Redcoats. I'd be just a land owner."

"I'd say more then a land owner," Tobias chimed in. "If I am to believe what I have been told."

"And just what is it that you've been told," Josh inquired. "And by whom were you told it?"

"We can get into that later," Tobias said as he stepped towards Josh, unbuckling his gun belt and letting it fall to the ground. "Is there something about me you find intriguing?"

"Why do you ask?" Josh asked. He wanted to step back, but found himself virtually paralyzed as Tobias stepped towards him.

"The way you've been looking at me since I rode up." Tobias replied, then leaning in to Josh, whispered in his ear. "Do you like what you see?"

"Yes." Josh whispered back. With that Tobias unbuttoned the last three buttons of his shirt, and removing the cuffs links, let the purple silk shirt fall to the ground. "Is this better?"

"Yes, yes that is," Josh whispered. "Just why did you come here then?"

"To make you a happy man," Tobias answered. "And for a job."

"Just what kind of job are you looking for?"

"Whatever position you think I'd be qualified for." Tobias said as he kicked off first his left boot then his right. Josh watched as Tobias unsnapped the five silver snaps down the front of his leather pants, then with a quick yank pulled the pants from his body, unsnapping the row of snaps that ran down each leg from the waist to the ankle. The back half fell to the ground behind him and he gently tossed the front half to Josh. "You can help me snap these back up later."

Josh stood there stunned holding the piece of leather. There before him stood a magnificent specimen of a young man. Tanned, smooth, slender, and as Josh's eyes wondered downward, erect!

"Oh my," Josh whispered. "It seems you've had a long hard ride."

"Not as long as the ride you will be having." Tobias said as he stepped towards Josh and gently placing his hand on Josh's crotch began to stroke him. "Would you like to take me for a trial ride?"

"Yes, yes I think I would." Josh whispered.

The heavy, cold rains had slowed to a light drizzle as Tobias was gathering up his clothing. Josh lay on the blanket under the apple trees and gazed at the golden beauty that stood before him. He let his eyes gaze upon the firm, round buttocks of this god like creature and then when he turned around, up to that heavenly face and those cherry red lips, that he had just had the pleasure of pleasing himself with. 

As Josh watched Tobias gathering his clothes, it seemed like Tobias was floating just above the lush, wet ground, his bare feet not even touching the blades of the grass, as he moved about. The cool spring breeze brought the mixed scent of both the apple blossoms and the aromatic odors of Tobias's salty, youthful musk to Josh's nostrils, causing a sensual stimulation that ran through out his body and settled in his groin. 

"Oh my," Tobias cooed as he caught a glimpse of Josh's newly hardened manhood. "Does my Lord want to continue my job interview?" Tobias asked as he stopped short of putting on his shirt.

"I'm not a Lord," Josh reminded the naked young man standing before him. "There are no Lords here." Only Gods, like you, Josh thought to himself as he allowed his eyes to caress the soft, smooth, tanned flesh of Tobias's naked body. 

"Well," Tobias asked as he sauntered over to the blanket where Josh now lay on his side, his left elbow propped on the ground with his head resting in his hand. "Would you care to see my recommendations?"

"I believe I am looking at all I need to see right now." Josh replied softly as he reached out with his right hand and gently caressed the tops of Tobias's feet. Looking up, Josh watched as Tobias's manhood began to twitch. Josh gently moved his hand up the outer side of Tobias's left calf and softly tickled the smooth crevasse behind his knee, all the while keeping his eyes fixed on Tobias's groin. As Josh's hand continued upward, gently caressing the smooth, tanned flesh of Tobias's thigh until it rested on the soft, yet firm buttock, Josh sat up and leaned in and began to kiss his way up Tobias's legs. Josh never once allowed his eyes to venture off of the now engorged manhood jutting out from Tobias's groin. As Josh rose to his knees, his fingers dug into the flesh of those beautiful buttocks, that he hoped he would soon be parting and riding to ecstasy, and pulled them closer to him, along with the throbbing scepter that Josh just couldn't stop staring at. 

Josh wanted to gently tease Tobias with his tongue, but the urges building up inside of him didn't allow for that. With a firm grip on Tobias's buttocks, and one quick pull towards him, Josh fulfilled the desires of this pulsating scepter and filled his mouth with its tender taste. As he quickly slid his lips up and down the golden shaft, twirling his tongue around the blood engorged head, he moved his eyes up to look at Tobias. Tobias's head was arched back and a beaming smile was spread across his face. Josh released his grip on Tobias's buttocks, and let his hands wander up his back and circle around to his stomach and chest. Josh felt the smoothness and warmness of his skin as he continued to pleasure him. Josh brought his hands down Tobias's sides, and with his right hand cupped Tobias' sac and gently tugged as he used his left hand to once again grip Tobias's firm, round buttock and pulled him in deeper. Josh felt Tobias's legs begin to quiver, he heard the soft moans emanating from his throat. Josh pulled his head slowly back until just the tip of Tobias's manhood was left in his mouth. He gently bit down on the tip as he pulled harder on his sac. Then just as he felt Tobias was about to orgasm, he pulled him in fully and sucked the sweet nectar from this golden stamen. Tobias screamed out in sheer bliss as he emptied himself into the wanting mouth of his, hopefully, new boss. Josh slowly lowered Tobias's now limp body unto the blanket, keeping his mouth firmly connected to him. Once he was laid out gently on the blanket, Josh released his oral grip on him and slowly lifted his smooth, tanned legs up and positioned himself between them. Tobias's eyes were rolled back into his head and all he could do was purr like a kitten being petted. Josh lifted Tobias's ass up off the ground and rubbed his tight hole with the glistening tip of his own manhood.

"Oh, yes, oh yes," Tobias pleaded. "Oh god yes, please, please make me yours."

With a single thrust, Josh entered this new gateway to heaven. He had dreamed of this for what seemed like an eternity. As he rode his way to ecstasy, his mind flashed with all the events of the past few hours, the pleasure he received from those angelic ruby lips, to the pleasure of pleasing the now softening scepter before him, to what he was experiencing now. All this flooded his mind as he thrust himself in and slowly pulled back out of this heavenly creature lying before him. Continuously he'd thrust and ebb, as he gazed down into those bluest of blue eyes, that looked back at him with reverence. His eyelids fluttered, his ruby lips spread wide, revealing a snow white smile of teeth. With one final thrust, Josh emptied himself deep within Tobias. Josh collapsed on top of Tobias and the two rolled over on their sides in a long embrace. 

The moment was broken by the sound of Hermes whinnying from behind the lean-to, as if to tell Josh, 'You've had enough fun for today, time to get back to work."

"Well I suppose we should be getting back to work." Josh whispered as he gently stroked Tobias's long blonde hair.

"We? Work?" Tobias asked seductively. "Does this mean your offering me a position?"

"Yes," Josh replied softly as he ran his hand down Tobias's smooth chest and circled his bellybutton with his index finger. "I do believe you can definitely fill a position within my company."

The two of them rose, and began to dress. Although Josh had already been sated twice, he still felt a twinge in his groin as he watched Tobias dress. 

"God you're beautiful." Josh whispered.

"Thank you sir." Tobias replied, flipping his hair back and running his fingers through it before donning his black Stetson.

"Call me Josh." Josh said. "There's no need for the Sir."

"Well okay then Josh," Tobias replied, and then winked. "Unless of course you will be wanting me to call you Sir sometime."

"Yes, yes," Josh laughed, understanding what Tobias had just said, with the accompanying wink. "I suppose there could be a time when I want you to call me Sir."

"And you me." Tobias laughed back.

"Yes, that too sounds intriguing." Josh replied, his mind going off into a brief vivid fantasy. "Yes, most definitely."

Once mounted on their steeds, Josh led the way back to his homestead with the thoughts of what was to come in the near future.