 As they cantered back to the ranch, Josh couldn't help but keep glancing over in Tobias's direction. The steady rise and fall of his body in the silver encrusted highly polished leather saddle made Josh feel all giddy inside, much like a little school girl experiencing her first boy crush. 

As they neared the gates to the ranch, Josh slowed Hermes down to a walk and Tobias pulled the reins of his steed to keep pace. Passing under the cathedral style arched marble stone entrance, Tobias looked up at the two large J's hanging from the center of the arch. He turned to look back at them after passing beneath the arch, wondering if they were made of what they looked like; solid gold. It was a short ride from the entrance gate to the front of the main house. When they arrived, Josh dismounted and a young black man, not much older than Tobias, walked up and took the reins of Hermes.

"Did you have a good ride Mr. Jenson?" he asked, then he tipped his hat to Tobias. "And good afternoon to you sir."

"Kinto," Josh said as he removed his hat and wiped the sweat from his brow. "This be Tobias..."He paused, trying to recall Tobias's last name. "Tobias, he will be staying with us for awhile. After you tend to the horses, would you be kind enough to have one of the maids make up a guest room for him."

"Will do Sir," Kinto replied as he took the reins of Tobias's steed. "Does your horse have any special requirements?"

"Just some good hay and fresh water will suit ole Lightning just fine."

"Give him the big stall beside Hermes." Josh ordered. "And have one of the stable hands wipe him down and give him some grain too."

"Yes Mr. Jenson." Kinto answered as he led the two horses to the barn.

"Well Mr. Carter," Josh said with a large grin, finally remembering his last name, bowing and waving his hat across his waist, ending with it directed at the huge, twin, mahogany 

doors. "Welcome to my humble abode."

"Why thank you Mr. Jenson," Tobias said as he tipped his Stetson and walked past Josh and up to the doors. They both laughed as Josh swung open both doors and led Tobias into the foray of a house the size of which Tobias had only heard about in stories back in ole England.

"Wow, Josh," Tobias said with both shock and amazement. "Just how large is this 'humble' place of yours?"

"The house or the property?" Josh asked as he took Tobias's hat and hung it on one of the many hooks running down the sides of a large framed mirror just inside the foray.

Tobias looked around the entrance area of the house. The walls were a good twenty feet high, covered in numerous paintings that looked as if they should have been in a museum. A double spiral staircase encased the large room and appeared to rise up at least three stories. The main hallway seemed to go on for a hundred yards to the far wall, where there appeared to be a set of double glass doors that looked to lead out into a garden. The floor was covered with a series of small hand woven Persian rugs, which contrasted sharply with the hand carved inlayed Italian wood flooring. Tobias stood in awe at the mere sight of this entrance way, it was like he had walked into a dream. As he stood there wondering what the rest of the house would be like, he was brought back to reality by the sound of a bell ringing.

"You still with me?" Josh laughed as he sat the brass bell back down on the ledge under the mirror. In a matter of seconds, a young Spanish woman came half running down the hallway. She was dressed in a mid-length sun yellow silk dress. It contrasted nicely with the dark skin of here bare legs, and with its low cut top, it formed a lovely glowing frame around her smallish bosom. Her rich obsidian hair flowed in curls over her shoulders and didn't stop until it reached her waist. 

"Maria," Josh asked. "Would you be so kind as to draw a hot bath for our new guest?"

"Yes Sir, Mr. Jenson." She replied with a smile that would have caused the King of England himself to abdicate his throne. Tobias watched as she sashayed back down the hall and disappeared through a door to the left. Josh watched as Tobias eyed Maria's slender buttocks as they seemed to come to life as she walked down the hallway. He snapped his fingers in front of Tobias, bringing his attention back to Josh.

"So you like the fairer sex too?" Josh asked with a grin almost as wide as the hallway.

"Ah, yeah, yeah I guess." Tobias stammered, somewhat embarrassed that he had been caught staring at the young woman's curvaceous rear. "It's just that I like a nice round, firm backside. You know?"

"Oh how well I know." Josh laughed and put his arm around Tobias's shoulder. "Now before you were distracted, you had asked me a question."

"I did?" Tobias asked, a puzzled look swept across his face.

"Something about size," Josh laughed as they walked down the hallway. "Remember now?"

"Oh yeah," Tobias laughed, as his face flushed red. "Yeah, I was wondering how big your place was here."

"Well the main house here, has over eight thousand visible square feet of space, spread out over the three floors. Then there are the three smaller houses for the workers and a nice quaint little two thousand square foot guest house, for when I entertain people I would prefer not to have in the main house. You may have noticed some of the outbuildings riding up, I believe there are four barns, and twelve other buildings. As for the spread itself, I own just over forty thousand acres of the finest loamed land. And another ten thousand acres of the plushest forested land within the tri-state area." 

"Wow, Josh," Tobias said with totally awe. "Just what do you do to afford a place like this? If that's not too ungentlemanly to ask?"

"Well my dear Tobias," Josh smiled as he directed Tobias through a large mahogany door. "That shall remain my little secret for now." Josh laughed and waved Tobias through the doorway. "I believe Maria has your bath drawn, and I imagine you would like to get freshened up before supper?" 

"Well, yes a warm bath would be nice." Tobias said as he walked into the room. To his surprise, Maria stood at the foot of a large brass claw footed, porcelain tub, the size of which could hold six people easily. Tobias was able to guess this by the fact that there two naked people kneeling in the tub. Both looked to be of Spanish decent, just like Maria. The young lady at the head of the tub was holding a large tray of different soaps, while the young man knelling at the foot of the tub held a tray of different sponges and wash clothes. Even with both of them in the tub, there still appeared to be plenty of room to spare. 

"Maria will escort you to the dining room for supper when you are finished." Josh smiled and patted Tobias on the back. "Enjoy your bath." 

Tobias turned to thank Josh, but he was gone, the large mahogany door swung shut just as Tobias turned around. 

"Your bath is ready Mr. Carter." Maria cooed softly from beside the tub.

Tobias stepped forward and began to undress. This should be a fun bath, he thought to himself as he unbuttoned his shirt. Although his mind was reveling in the fantasy that was about to unfold for him, somewhere deep down in the back of his mind a little voice whispered. 'How does she know my name?'

tbc