 The following is a work of fiction. All characters have attained the age of 21 years or older.

****

I had just checked into my hotel in rural bum fuck just as the sun set. Dragging my bags into the hotel through the rain had left me cold and a tired. 

"Damn it!" I shouted at myself. 

I realized I had left my phone in the car after getting undressed for a well deserved shower. Muttering, I threw on my jeans commando style and pulled my t shirt back over my head, the damp fabric clinging fast. Barefoot, I splashed out and unlocked the car. Leaning over to grab my phone, the rain caused my shirt to cling tightly to my back. Straightening and closing the door I turned. It was then that I saw him sitting in the window of the room next to mine. 

It was a man. A manly. Huge. Easily twice my weight and thicker in every respect. His unbuttoned shirt revealed a heavily muscled torso. Sitting in profile to me, the thickness of his chest was at least equal to the width of my shoulders. Not being some skinny boy this single aspect of his physique impressed me greatly. His jeans were stretched taught over a pair of impossibly thick thighs that ran out in front of him onto a second chair he was using as a rest. Each thigh was beefier than my hips. His face was hyper masculine, accentuated by a short reddish gray beard that was both sexy and rugged. I was awestruck at the sight of this red haired redneck god. I stood there gawking until I realized he had turned and was staring back at me. The position of lustful voyeur I had enjoyed was suddenly flipped. Big Boy was giving me the same look! 

Having no choice due to the closeness of our rooms I began to quickly walk back through the cold rain. This bit of exuberance on my part interpreted by him as extreme interest. As I began to pass, this mountain of a man stood and opened his door. His bulk filled the opening and by shear physical intensity stopped me in my tracks. 

"Beer?" He asked, a broad lumberjack smile crossing his face. Without waiting for a verbal answer he took my arm and guided me into his room. 

"Wanna beer?" He asked again, a humorous twinkle in his eyes.

"Sure." I replied. I was feeling a bit overwhelmed yet flattered.

Crossing the room he grabbed two long necks from the mini fridge and popped the tops. He held one out to me. Accepting, I tentatively sat on the end of the closest bed. Big Boy walked over and sat in the comfy chair most hotel room have stuffed into the corner. I always thought of that chair as the sex chair and imagined every young couple fucking in it, on it, over it. Hotel rooms seemed to bring out the freak in people, myself included. 

Big Boy settled back and his shirt fully opened exposing the entirety of his broad chest. He gazed at me gazing at him, flashing that lumber jack smile again. Using one hand he unbuttoned the bulging fly of his tight jeans and lifted off the chair a bit. I watched transfixed. This guy didn't waste any time.

Fishing around he slowly pulled himself out and dropped it on his thigh. Now THAT was a manly cock and balls. They were as beefy the rest of him. He had an immense shaft almost the size of a wine bottle with a head widely splayed stallion's. It looked like an exaggerated fertility symbol and not something a living, breathing man could ever own. I stared completely awestruck.

"I'm feeling needy." Big Boy quietly explained. "You look like a nice guy who's good at pleasing a needy man." My mind grew empty as my cock grew hard. I stared mesmerized.

He stood, turned away and bent to peel off his jeans, kicking them softly to the side. The split second sight of his package peeking out from between his muscular thighs was both exciting and forbidden. He turned to face me again. Half clothed, considerable manhood dangling below his shirtwaist, Big Boy was magnificent. His ball sack was the size of both my hands clasped together. The fullness of it made me want to explore its heft. He stepped toward me, his cock rocking heavily as he walked. It mesmerized me. 

He reached out and took my hand, pulling me effortlessly to my feet. I didn't know what to do and so did nothing. He led me over to the bathroom mirror. Guzzling back the rest of is long neck he placed it gently by the sink and turned his ample bulk to face me, manhood swaying as he turned. 

"Put your hands up." He said in an irresistible way. Putting down my beer I complied. 

Lifting my shirt up Big Boy tossed it back by the door. Grabbing my jean clad ass firmly he squeezed like a man who got what he wanted from his lovers, no questions asked. He grunted appreciatively and with one hand expertly unzipped my fly. I was beginning to feel a bit owned. This was new to me as I was always the dominant one whether I was with a man or a woman.

"You always go cruising wearing so little?" He said chuckling. I considered explaining and then dropped it.

Instead I stood mute, unsure of what to do and too mentally tired from a week of hard work to care. My body on the other hand wasn't so fickle. Big Boy caressed up and down my toned ass. This form of flattery was causing me to rapidly grow erect, horny from a week of business travel with no "me time" in the shower. I glanced in the mirror as this naked giant pulled my jeans down and began to softly stroke my rod. Again he grunted.

"Tight." He said. Chuckling quietly he smothered my cock and balls with a single hand and ran his fingers up to my smooth chest and down over my gluts again. He roamed deeply into the crack of my ass and then stopped, thick fingers cupping me. I didn't think he could surprise me again but he.

With incredible quickness he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder, cave man style, and stripped off my jeans dropping them to the floor. He spanked my ass for good measure and laughed. My cock tucked tight against his shoulder, I faced his muscular ass as he walked.

I felt myself being lowered to the floor next to the bed. We faced each other very close, Big Boy at least a full head taller. His nipples were right at my eye level. He pulled my head in and reestablished his gentle grip on my cock, smothering it with his massive hand.

"Tease me with that mouth of yours." He whispered down to me. His mixed scent of sweat, man sex and deodorant filled my nose and made me rage at his touch. Brushing his strong fingers over the smooth skin of the underside of my cock I found his request far more than irresistible. Rather it was something I deeply needed to do. 

Brushing my five o'clock stubble against his right nipple I intentional moved my face in a small circle as he held me close. My tongue began to skirt the deep wine coloring of his areola, circling slowly to the tip of his rather long nipple. I blew gently on the freshly moistened area. Now it was my turn to surprise. I clamped down firmly and pulled away, his nipple stretching to keep up.

He reacted as I hoped he would, crushing my face to his breast and squeezing my cock hard. I could feel his energy double as he groaned deeply, the vibrations carried through the barrel of his torso. I clamped back on and suckled in and out, lashing this vulnerable erogenous zone as I explored his incredibly hard body. 

Lowering both of his hands to my ass Big Boy lifted me up. I reacted by wrapping my legs around the thickness of his body as best I could, our cocks nestling into each other nicely. My balls contacted the softness of his groin as he kneaded my butt firmly. Placing one hand on our cocks I used the other to explore the mountains of flesh that constituted his chest. I bent forward to nibble his nipples.

With both his hands busy keeping me afloat I had the free rein to play with his exceptionally sculpted chest. Running my hand across his pecs I carefully parted his chest hair with my fingers to gain clean access to each sensitive nipple. I worked longingly on first the left and then the right, leaving them slick, taut and hard. The double attack on his nipples while I scrunched our cocks together made Big Boy begin to hump his hips hungrily as he lowered me on to the bed.

Releasing me he walked over to his bag, round ass pumping wonderfully as he went. Rummaging through it, he looking for something and pulled two small items out. Larger than life he returned to me and stood, cock jutting thickly out in front of him. 

"Lets play." He said, handing me a condom. 

Big Boy stood silently before me as I tore open the colorful package. I placed it on glistening tip and started to unroll it. Even with the obvious stretchiness of latex it was looking like mission impossible as I struggled to fully envelop the ridge of his head. Using both hands I managed to finally roll the ring over the wide helmet and down his shaft. It covered just over half. 

Gathering him in both hands as best I could I began to jerk him. As Big Boy grunted his approval I doubling down by using my mouth. I tried with absolutely no success to fit more than just the warm tip inside. I changed tactics and spit on the shaft , stroking with both hands as I lowered myself off the bed and hungrily attacked his balls. Sucking and nuzzling his ample scrotum I used my whole face to erotically push his giant balls around. The aroma of his heated sex filled my nose as I dove into his sweaty crotch. My cock ached from pheromone overload.

"Flip over and grab pillows to stick under you." He said. 

Game time, I thought. Grabbing a pair of pillows from the top of the bed I bent my knees and created a bolster under my pubic bone. This had the effect of arching my back slightly and lifting my ass in the air. Big Boy held up the other item from his bag, a bottle of lube. He popped it open, palmed a generous squirt and began to use his warm, slippery hands to slowly knead each of my buttocks, then the well of my ass and finally drizzled about half of the small bottle over his superhero sized shaft. Not a bottom boy, his attentions surprised me by making me want him inside me.

"Get ready." He said through hormone gritted teeth. "I really need to fuck that boi pussy of yours"

I dropped my head to the mattress and felt him settle in behind me, the bed sagging in protest. He carefully lifted my knees a bit and slid his incredibly wide cock head up against my slick hole. Squirting the remaining lube into my ass he finger fucked me a bit to relax things. I was starting to feel like his bitch boi.

Big boy dropped forward into the push up position and slowly augured the head into me. My eyes widened like all those very surprised porn girls when a BBC first drills into their pussies. I bit my lip and felt the head pop inside. My ass protested but my leaky cock raged as he began to fuck me carefully. The copious amount of lube coupled with the condom allowed him to slip into me deeply and quickly. 

"Shit, shit, shit!" He groaned. "I aint gunna last!"

Lifting me up doggy style Big Boy skewered me balls deep. This was simply too much and my jaw fell open and my eyes watered hard. He had me fully stretched me out. Thinking fast I reached through my legs I used my fingers to lasso the narrow gathering of flesh above his ball sack and pulled down firmly. I knew from my experimentation that this would have the effect of tightening the skin on his cock and distending the ridge of his head making him hyper sensitive. It worked.

His response was immediate and volcanic. His cock spasmed as he fell back, unintentionally falling out of my boi pussy and pointing at the ceiling. Falling on my side I watched in fascination as rope after rope of cum erupted out of him only, trapped in the tip of the condom which rapidly filled and overflowed. Fully half of the condom turned yellow-white before his orgasm subsided. 

Now it was my turn. Pushing him back to the floor I straddled his torso, and squatted over his condom covered cock that lay against his taught belly. Squeezing it between my ass cheeks I slid forward and back a bit deeply luxuriating in the feeling of its generous width as we nestled together. Reaching under my ass I pulled the condom off and let it drop away, the smell of his spilled seed rising up thickly. 

Big Boy extended his long arm and brushed his wonderfully rough fingers on and around my nipples as I feverishly stroked my erection. Bouncing up and down a bit spread my ass cheeks repeatedly which uniquely stimulated my prostate. I erupted fully. Now it was Big Boy's turn to clamp down hard on my nipples as thick jets of white shot high into the air. I arched my back hard as he pulled firmly on them twisting them down and around, reigning me down and closer. I loved it. Lost in the moment, I emptied myself completely on this giant of a man. 

After resting for a moment I adjusted my position and used Big Boy's raised knees as a seat back. I watched in fascination as my cum ran down and pooled thickly in his belly button before overflowing off the one side of his body. 

After resting for a moment I adjusted my place and used Big Boy's raised knees as a seat back. I watched in fascination as my cum ran down and pooled thickly in his belly button before overflowing off the one side of his body. 

"Lemme grab a couple more beers and we can clean up in the shower." He said. 

I nodded and climbed off him. He ambled over to the mini fridge and I went to the tiny bathroom and turned on the shower. As he entered the small space carrying two more long necks I wondered just how we would both fit. He seemed to see how absurd the situation was and laughed, again flashing that lumberjack smile of his.

"Big guy problems." He sighed.