 The light in the woods had gone and the camp fire was burning out.

"We should go in." Spencer told Randy.

Randy nodded in agreement and the boys got up off the log benches they were sitting on and went into the old wood cabin they'd rented for a week. They headed right up to the sleeping loft by the ladder.

"I fucking love camping" Randy said taking his shirt off.

"Yeah man." Spencer answered taking his shirt off as well "This is gonna be an amazing week."

Spencer took his short off and put them aside. He was a handsome guy, about 6' with broad, smooth shoulders, plump pecs and tight looking bulky biceps, defined abs and a perky bubble butt on his muscular body decorated with a line of black hair up his stomach which gloriously bloomed into a layer of beautiful chest hair. By all means Spencer was a hunk, but his friend Randy was a tall guy, about 6'2", and was a handsome, dark brown haired beast of a man. He had broad shoulders built up with muscle, big, bulky arms with dense looking bicpes. Randy also had nice big pecs that had a space between them and smooth brown nipples. He had a beautiful flat stomach with decorate ridges over his abs and slick adonis lines leading to his penis. Randy's legs were muscular and defined under the thick layer of black hair that covered them. But Spencer had a view of Randy's back with was smooth and hairless, like his chest, and just as massive as the rest of Randy. A the bottom of his back a layer of black hair started to thicken as it covered his plump, round ass and powerful legs.

Randy took off his short and underwear, putting in a corner before lying in the only bed in the small wood cabin.

"Dude you're gonna sleep naked?" Spencer asked looking down at Randy's exposed penis, a soft uncircumcised 4 and half inch member crowned by a thick coat of trimmed, black pubic hair to match the one on Randy' head and entire lower body, although strangely enough, not his smooth upper body.

"Yeah... I sleep naked. You don't?" Randy asked as if he Spencer was the strange one.

"Uh, no..." Spencer answered innocently.

"Well, try it out bro. It's way more comfortable, especially on hot days." Randy said with a hint of nervousness.

"Oh... Um..." Spencer said reflecting Randy's nervousness with a bit more obviousness "Okay, I guess." And Spencer slid his loose novelty boxers shorts off revealing his smooth, sleek, circumcised cock and its perfect shapes hanging 4 inches down, over a round and plump looking scrotum with a sparse covering of light brown hairs, the whole thing crowned with a well trimmed pubic area covered with a dense, but short coat of light brown pubic hair.

As Spencer's boxer shorts came off and the two 18-year-old stared at each other's naked bodies a sexual tension started to ride in the warm summer air. Spencer just stood there, inspecting randy, as Randy inspected him.

"I've never slept naked with an other guy before." Spencer said nervously.

Randy swallowed, but didn't say anything. Spencer stayed standing in front of the bed, which consisted of a mattress on the ground, revealing himself to Randy, who he himself was revealing his body to Spencer.

Randy gave out a nervous laugh as he felt desire built up inside him.

"Um, your dick is getting hard." Spencer said looking down at Randy's cock as it stared standing up.

"Um..." Randy said as his cock grew to a semi-erect 6 inches and pulsated with excitement. "It's um, just the adrenaline. From being in the woods."

"Yeah... Yeah, I get it." Spencer answered still looking at Randy's semi-erect cock floating between his legs.

"Um... What's the deal with the skin on the end of it?" Spencer asked as he sat down on the mattress "I'm circumcised."

"Oh, Uh. It just pulls back" Randy said pulling his foreskin back with two fingers "See."

"Yeah... ..." Spencer answered. "What's it feel like?"

"Uh... I don't know. Normal I guess." Randy answered "Just like skin I guess."

"Can I touch it?" Spencer asked carefully.

"Uh, yeah. Yeah, sure." Randy answered moving his hand away from his cock. Spencer reached out and put his fingers on Randy's foreskin which had slid back over his penis. Spencer wrapped his hand around Randy's hardening penis and pulled back to retract the foreskin. 

"Wo." Spencer said before continuing to slide his hand up and down Randy's shaft. Then Spencer felt his own penis start to harden. "Umm..." he said pulling his hand away "It's the adrenaline" Spencer said. His cock started growing and went all the way erect, standing strait out at 6 and half, maybe 7 inches long, beside Randy's 8 inch member.

The two boys stayed quiet. Both of them stared at each other, drinking in the erotic beauty of each others bodies, all in an air of forbidden excitement and nervousness.

"Um... Can I feel yours?" Randy asked sliding his hand on Spencer's thigh.

"Uh, yeah. Go ahead." Spencer replied, as Randy wrapped his big manly hand around Spencer's cock. Randy pushed his hand down the shaft of Spencer's cock.

"It feels way different." Randy said, pulling his hand back up. And as he did so Spencer couldn't help but moan how god it felt to have Randy jack him off. Randy stopped, and looked at Spencer, who was bitting his lip out of embarrassment. So Randy sat up and flipped a leg over Spencer, straddling him on his hands and knees, face to face. They were both nervous, and Randy was breathing heavily. They knew what was coming now. Randy thrust his hips, sliding his penis across Spencer's stomach.

"Ah..." Spencer said in a half anticipating, half pleasured expression. So, with that approval, Randy slid down and spread Spencer's legs, getting between them with his fully erect 8 inch cock standing straight out, wet with a bead of pre-cum, ready to drip from the glistening head. As he stood on his knees between Spencer who was flat on his back with his legs spread and his cock sticking strait up, Randy felt a rush of desire. So he grabbed Spencer's legs and pulled his friend up to him, before grabbing his cock and directing it to Spencer's ass hole. Pulling the foreskin back, Randy stuck his wet cock between Spencer's ass cheeks and pressed it against his hole. Spencer gave a small moan, and Randy started pushing his rock hard cock into Spencer. He felt some tension and resistance to his cock, so Randy pulled back. Spencer exhaled as the pressure on his anus stopped. But Randy put his finger against Spencer's anus and pushed.

"Ah!" Spencer squealed as Randy's finger pierced through. Randy started spinning his finger, loosening Spencer's ass. Then, Randy pulled his finger out and steered his dick back to the looser hole. He pressed his cock against Spencer's anus and pushed. This time, Randy felt Spencer's hole stretch a bit around the head of his wet cock. Randy slammed his hands down beside Spencer and pushed hard with a groan, and his penis slid in past the head, with a bit of difficulty, and his whole shaft sunk into Spencer's ass.

Spencer gave an other yell as Randy pushed in. But once Randy was in Spencer relaxed a bit, but was still panting, as was Randy. Then, Randy started pulling back, and sliding back in slowly. Spencer was frowning as Randy thrusted his hips. But randy kept going, and going harder and faster with every stroke. Soon a slap sounded with every hit of Randy's pelvis against Spencer's. The sleeping squeaked as Randy thrusted his hips back and forth, slamming them against Spencer. Randy pushed his cock through the friction of Spencer's anus, tightly squeezed around his cock, but with Randy's continuous thrusting, Spencer's ass started to relax and loosen, giving Randy a much smoother and more pleasurable experience. Randy let out non-stop groans as he fucked Spencer, and Spencer let out the odd moan between the slapping of Randy against his plump bubble but and the squeaking of the sleeping loft.

"Oooohhh..." Spencer said reaching out and grabbing his cock. He moaned and started to jack himself off. Randy looked down at what Spencer was doing, still fucking him with intensity. Spencer slid his hand up and down his circumcised penis, quickly spreading the pre-cum that was leaking out of the head. Randy looked back up, getting into the zone of sort, so that he would only concentrate on what he was doing. But the exoticness of the moment wouldn't let him go, and he was stuck giving the odd glance up and down Spencer's sleek muscular body, whilst his shorter partner jacked himself off. And before too long, it seemed, Spencer started making different noises.

"I'm gonna cum." Spencer said "Fuck me hard! And fast!" he insisted. So Randy picked up the pace and thrust his hips in and out of Spencer faster, and faster, with more force.

"Oh yeah!" Spencer said "Oh! Oooh! Oh! Ooooohhhhh." Spencer was obviously getting near orgasm. "Faster! Faster!" he yelled at Randy. So Randy went as fast as he could, in a burst of strength he couldn't keep up for long. Fortunately Spencer was at his climax before Randy's burst ended.

Spencer yelled and, all of a sudden a jet of cum spat out of his throbbing wet cock and sprayed up into the air. "Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!" Spencer said as his body twisted in ecstasy. The jet of cum went pretty high, before falling back down on Spencer's leg, leading the way for the steady pushes of cum that preceded the final flow.

Almost as soon as Spencer had sprayed his first few jets of cum, Randy started feeling himself nearing orgasm. "I think I'm gonna cum too." he said moving his hands up to hold Spencer's shoulders. And with that he started fucking Spencer harder.

"Cum on, AH, on me" Spencer said as Randy pounded his cock into Spencer's ass. Randy kept going, fucking extremely hard and very fast. He let out long groans as he felt his body getting ready to cum.

"Mmmm" Randy said, pulling out of Spencer. Randy pulled his hands off Spencer's shoulder and stood on his knees, jacking off his hard cock, pulling the foreskin back and forth. "Ah" Randy said "Aaahhh" as his penis began to throb and pulsate with anticipation. Then, he felt it run up his penis and Randy yelled.

"Aaaaaaaahhhhh! Ah! Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!" he screamed as his penis shot out shot after shot of cum that sprayed onto Spencer's pecs, stomach, and even reached his chin, which made Spencer let out a small surprised sound. As Randy's jets got less intense after the first three, simply flowing out of his cock and onto Spencer, he sat down, and fell onto his friend.

"Mhffff." Spencer let out when Randy fell on him. Then the beefy, and heavy, randy rolled off Spencer. Both the boys were laying there, covered in cum and panting like dogs. They didn't say a word, and before they knew it, they were asleep.