 I'm Tony. Life is good. Life has more variety than I ever dreamt of, because of a special weekend that changed my life for ever. Like all these things it started in a bar! Late on a Tuesday evening. Attached to sports club. 

Some guys on the next table boasting -- civil servants were the best sportsmen! Okay, they had just won the local five-aside soccer league. Fifth division. Really!?! Eight of them celebrating. Soccer is for wimps -- we knew, we guys who worked in the local university research library. We'd just been practising in the cricket nets, ready for a match on the Sunday. There were only seven of us -- four had to go home to their wives. 

We told them what we thought of "uncivil serpents." They weren't that keen on nerds! It was the beginning of a great friendly rivalry. Truth was they were a great bunch of guys, and a great laugh -- but the rivalry was serious. After that evening in the bar, we arranged to play them at five-aside -- and got beat. They won the beer and bragging rights that evening. But they were no match for us at darts. Or table tennis. They were better at basketball. We won the golf tournament.

It started in our early twenties, and over the next three years we played each other at every conceivable sport and game we could imagine, some of them several times. And always ended up with the losers buying the beer in the bar. We even developed our own facebook page, and developed a surprising amount of followers, including family, friends, colleagues at work...

But we should perhaps have learnt a lesson. Yes, we won the golf, and darts, and table tennis. But they won the soccer, the seven aside rugby, the 10k race around the local park. We won the cricket -- just. But they won the basketball and tennis. The signs were all there in the sports they were winning...

Then the big idea -- not quite sure who had the big idea. Why not make a weekend of it? Have a great tournament weekend? Someone found a hotel with a sports complex, and access to the local sports centre. We could have a whole weekend of competing at different sports and games, and interlace it all with sun-bathing, laughter and beer. It sounded a great idea, and we all signed up. We convinced wives and girlfriends we would have a serious sporting weekend, we were set!

Typical of civil servants -- they made a list and organised the events, timing, and passed it on to us. We read down the list one at a time: soccer, swimming tennis, running... Each had a description of how the competition would work. Then the last one -- wrestling. Wrestling? They had put some notes. Each team would select one person to wrestle, and the fight would be to one fall. The sports centre had agreed to set out an area covered with soft mats for the fight. How come I was so stupid: I couldn't think of an excuse for not doing it! Everyone else had trotted out an excuse! Some of them were pretty weak - "hurt my knee once fighting with my brother;" "I'm a pacifist...;" "My wife's a pacifist!" "My grandmother was a pacifist!" There were eight of us, and seven apparently perfect excuses...and I couldn't think of one!

In the end I decided that it was friendly, it was going to be a wrestle, but no-one would get hurt. I conned myself -- I had a good wrestle with my girlfriend that night, and subdued her after a struggle -- I think it was my crotch hold which did it...and she had a fall, and a submission as my cock plunged into her... it was a knockout.

The weekend was really good fun. We did play all sorts of sports and games. I was buoyant after winning the chess match. And coming second in the ten kilometre run. And I did a lot of cheering of our other guys. And the beer wasn't bad in the bar, and the food good. I knew I had to be ready -- the wrestling match was the last event on Sunday afternoon. I had a lie in on the Sunday morning -- the attraction of watching the volleyball match wasn't high. I had a light lunch. There was only the wrestling, and suddenly realised my team didn't have a lot of confidence in me. Anyway -- even if I won, we had already lost the weekend. And they didn't think I was going to win! Not surprised, I suppose -- at Sunday lunch I found I was against Tom -- Tom Hankinson. Tom was a great guy, friendly, warm. He was also captain of his Rugby club. And I had won the chess. I suppose it wasn't a surprise most of my team simply found excuses to leave -- excuses even more pathetic than the excuses that had landed me wrestling Tom Hankinson. Only Charlie who I got a lift with decided to stay -- and he said he'd wait in the bar...

Well, even if there wasn't a lot of team honour around, I had my honour.

At 3pm I appeared in the sports hall, in just my swimming trunks. Already there, similarly attired, was Tom Hankinson. Truth is, I'm pretty fit, but Tom was a bit taller, a bit more muscular, a bit more tough. Also there, sat on chairs were the rest of his team. Also there was the barman from the hotel, who had foolishly offered the referee at 11.30pm the previous evening. 

It was agreed. We'd keep going until there was a fall. We'd all seen WWF wrestling and knew what a fall was! Whenever it looked like one of us needed a rest Dave the barman would call a pause to let us get our breath back. Don't think he expected to lose a lot of work time on what he expected to be a short fight! He probably hoped he wouldn't have to get an ambulance for me...

Actually, I did better than some expected. I had watched a lot of WWF wrestling. And when a teenage had done Judo for a few years. And while he looked a muscled hulk, I was a bit more nimble. We began to wrestle. I grabbed his arm and threw him! Then held him down in a headlock. Then grabbed his arm in a wrist lock while he was still on the ground. Then we rolled off the mats, and Dave the barman told us to stop and get back on the mats. 

We started again. This time he got me first in a full Nelson. I tried to escape, failed for a few moments, struggled hard, but was beginning to sweat, and breathe heavily -- as was Tom. I remembered something I'd seen on utube. I simply slumped to the ground, falling out of the full Nelson. I was free! No... It had a been a bad move -- he simple fell on top of me and got one of my legs in a hold. I squirmed, we rolled off the mat again, and Dave the barman broke us up. I was doing better than I thought, than anyone thought, and I was really enjoying it! I think Tom was as well, particularly as it was more of a tussle than he expected. 

Tom smiled, then dropped to the ground, grabbing my leg, toppling me over, and twisted the leg. It didn't particularly hurt, but it was difficult to get out of. Then he grabbed my other leg, and was trying to turn me. I knew he was going for the Boston Crab -- serious if you got in one of those...

I struggled and squirmed, kept sliding until he realised it wasn't going to work yet. He let go, we both sat on the mats trying to catch our breath. Dave the barman declared it was the end of the round!

We continued for a second round, but it was clear Tom was beginning to get the upper hand. He had me in a body scissors. He tried to hold my shoulders down. He had me in a headlock. Another full Nelson. I wasn't getting him in anything despite struggling hard. At last Dave the Barman called a break. This time Tom leapt to his feet, while I lay on the ground panting hard. Dave's mates also seemed to be getting more confident, cheering, applauding, telling him to finish me off. 

At last a I got to my feet, and Dave the barman declared round three. It was more of the same. Head lock. Thrown, leg holds on the ground. I wondered why Tom didn't just finish me off -- I was well beaten.

He got me in this hold. I was lying on my back, he was lying on my arm, stretching an arm under my neck to hold my other arm. With his other arm he had grabbed my legs and pulled them up towards my head, grabbing them with his legs. Obviously going for a fall, which he couldn't get because his own arm was under my shoulders. He couldn't get the fall, but I was pretty well stuck. It was then I felt it. He had a free hand. He smacked my ass. Once on each cheek. Then he was running his hand around me ass, then pushing his hand on my trunks onto the crack of my ass: his hand was resting on, and pushing against my asshole through the trunks. His mates were cheering. I was stuck, couldn't move, and felt his hand rubbing, then pushed against my balls. I struggled but there was no escape. His hand moved away for a moment, then I felt his hand going into the waistband of my trunks. He was fingering me. We had got so sweaty that I felt his finger pushing into my sweat lubricated ass, slipping through the ring. 

I'd never done anything with a guy, but here I was being assaulted. I heard Tom whispering in my ear: "I'm going to fuck this little mancunt in a bit, because I can feel how much you are enjoying it."I struggled a bit more to no avail. 

At last he released my legs from his legs, and I let my legs fall back to the ground so I was lying on my back, held firmly by Tom. However, as he allowed my legs to fall to the ground he had held on to my trunks, and pulled them down my thighs. As I lay there my trunks were around my knees, showing everything. One one level it was okay -- I knew I had seven inches of potential. On another level there were eight guys staring at my cock, some lustfully...

Tom simply held me there and grasped my balls in his free hand and squeezed gently. He was making me hard. I heard him him giggle. "My, sexy little Tony is enjoying this, the kinky little bugger. And buggered you will be, babe..." And all these guys watching, and hearing. 

He grabbed my cock and was squeezing. My mind said for a moment that he knew what he was doing, that he was skillful. He was wanking me. He knew how to do it perfectly. Suddenly I felt that his sweaty body was the sexiest thing ever. And as much as I tried to squirm and struggle there was no escape. He was going to make me shoot... And all those guys were watching. Somehow it all made it feel even hotter...

His hand was stroking up and down my cock. He knew what he was doing -- he was so good... I was twitching, my balls were clenching. Then. He stopped. His hand was gone. 

It was instinctive to cry out. "Please don't stop, please wank me, please make me cum..." I begged -- it was so hot, I so needed it.

"I finish you off if you agree to let me and my mates fuck you." Tom was enjoying his dominant position. He had started running his fingers gently up and down the front of my cock -- it felt amazing. I just wanted to cum. Never thought my hormones -- lust - could take over so much. 

I couldn't resist. "Yes -- please, please make me cum."

"Beg for it." Tom was waiting.

I would do anything. "Yes, please, I want you all to fuck me, please fuck me, fuck my asshole, fuck my mouth, please anything if you'll make me cum."

Tom grabbed my cock again. He was wanking me. I was moaning in pleasure. He was skilled -- he kept me on the edge for what seemed ages as I begged. Suddenly his hand sped up, my balls were aching and squeezing, suddenly I was squirming, and shooting cum all up my front, as the guys there all cheered. It just felt amazing. I didn't know I could come that much. 

At last I felt like I was coming down from the most amazing orgasm ever, but Tom still had me in his grip. With his spare hand he was scooping up my cum and forcing it into my mouth. I'd never done it before. So humiliating in front of all these men. It tasted funny, but okay.

At last Tom seemed finished, and began to let my arms go. "Hand's and knees babe. Remember what you promised." I felt several hands helping me, turning me over, pulling me onto all fours.

I was too tired and weak to do anything but obey and let them. And my psyche said I had promised and begged. 

It was so tight as Tom knelt behind me and put the tip of his cock to my ass hole. After rubbing it gently for a moment he had grasped my hips and thrust into my ass. I screamed -- it was so tight. He waited until I relaxed, then I felt him sliding his cock deeper and deeper in to me, into my stomach. I had never done anything like this. Not had a gay thought. Yet I was being fucked. And it was the most amazing thing ever. Within seconds he was pumping his cum deep into my guts. 

Before he withdrew Tom leant forward and whispered in me ear. "You're the hottest slut I have ever fucked. You are such a sexy whore." I loved the compliment. "And I think you have had a real fall so I'm the winner. And I'm the winner because I know whenever I need a boy slut I can give you a ring."

For the next hour, or half hour -- I didn't know - things were a blur. I wasn't allowed to move. Had to stay on hands and knees. And my asshole was fucked. Over and over. My mouth was fucked, and I loved that, and loved being made to swallow. By the time it had stopped my asshole was sore. Really sore. I felt completely exhausted. 

It all felt odd. I was taken to the showers and washed down. I was helped to get dressed, and returned to Charlie in the bar who simply drove me home, though he only knew I had put up a good fight before I got beaten. We chatted -- a bit.

Next morning at work I got an E.mail. "Look at the facebook page." I did. There was a lot of pictures from the weekend. And then a link to a "special folder -- the wrestling match" on some cloud storage space. I followed the link. There were a lot of videos. Of me being fucked, and wanked, and begging, and screaming in pleasure. And they had been clever with the video cam -- the only face that ever appeared was mine. Videos that everyone who was in the facebook group could see -- all 400 members. 

Was it a bad thing? Maybe. Certainly changed things with my family -- one day I might write about that! But it did show I have a good cock. And lots of women wanted to know if I was really gay. My response -- I can show you if you want. And lot were happy for me to show them. Over the coming months I had fucked a dozen single women, and a few married, most of whom were more than happy to return for seconds and thirds and... Sometimes Tom and I got together. Loved that. And sometimes men tried it on thinking I was gay, and if they were nice about it, I would as well... It was the beginning of a pretty wild sex life...