 I moaned as Xe'Trygg moved down my body; his silky body caressing every inch of mine. Every time he moved he kissed me, his forked tongue flickered out to caress. As he moved to my belly button he kissed and investigated it. Dipping his tongue in and out, tickling my stomach and making me ache.

"W-what are you doing?" I asked. I have had lovers before, but they never lasted in a long term relationship and during sex they were never this good. I felt like I could cum just from him kissing my belly button, and pretty sure I almost did.

"I want to know everything about you," he whispered.

Once he got to my briefs he chuckled at the wet spot. He pressed his face into it and inhaled, like he wanted to remember what I smelt like aroused. It was purely erotic and dominate and it turned me on even more. I didn't know what to do with myself, so I pushed my hips into him, begging for more.

"Anxious?" His tongue flickered out and tasted my wet briefs and I shivered. I wanted him so badly I couldn't help it. I was on the brink of losing control.

"Please..." I moaned, taking chunks of his wonderful green hair. I gently tugged and he laughed, commenting on my urgency.

"We have forever, Steven. No need to rush." And while part of that might have been true, I just really wanted him to fuck me... hard. I cried out in protest and he finally listened. While pulling the cotton off, his hands roamed the freshly bared skin and smiled. Kissing my hips and pelvis he moaned. I felt his tail swishing around behind him as it hit my legs. I wasn't the only one who felt the urgency.

My cock sprang free with a slap to my stomach as he pulled the briefs off. I wasn't big, but I wasn't small either. I was happy with my body but my mate seemed even happier. He took my cock into his throat with one gulp and I came. It was too much at once and I loved it...maybe a little too much. But with all the cum spurting out of me Xe'Trygg didn't pull up, in fact he drank it all. I felt immediately jealous.

I remembered what he said, about my DNA changing if I drank his cum, but at that very moment it was all I could do from not jumping him. He moaned around my sensitive cock and licked it clean with his soft, smooth tongue. Once he was done he crawled back up to me and kissed me. I could barely taste myself; he really did swallow all of it.

I touched his ridged cock and felt sorry that his needs had been neglected.

"Let me help," I whispered. I was tired after I came, but it was unfair to get off and leave my mate hanging. Or hard as the case may be. I pulled his torturous silk pants off his body and almost tore through his white shirt and threw them on the floor. His cock was massive, at least 9.5 inches and thick. It looked painful and would definitely hurt without proper preparation. I thought that maybe I'd ask Jing about sex toys and see about getting a butt plug or something to help stretch me. But later, I was on a mission to make my man happy.

I wrapped my hands around his cock and started to massage it. It was soft, but the steel underneath was undeniable. Up and down the back up again, twisting my hands and spreading his pre-cum everywhere to aid with his hand job; we were both really getting into it. He was bucking his hips upwards and groaning, like I wasn't trying hard enough. I on the other hand was trying so hard I was sweating. I was half hard again, and I really wanted to suck his cock. I wouldn't be able to fit all of him, but I'd do my best to try.

His orgasm came from out of nowhere. We both weren't expecting it. He arched his back off the bed and screamed my name as he released himself all over my hand, I gasped and a glop of cum landed in my mouth. Without thinking I swallowed it. It tasted like honey and I wanted more so I licked my hand. I looked down at my mates legs and saw that I had cum again, just not as much as the first time.

As we lay on his bed we looked into each other's eyes and smiled contently.

"I'm sorry you didn't fuck me," I whispered.

"That's fine. With the way we were going you were going to end up hurt. I won't have that. Besides, we have time for that later." He smiled as he brushed my hair back off my sweaty face. He looked down at my chin and instantly frowned. "Love, what's on your face?" He asked. I blushed and tried to look away but he held my head in his hands. I wasn't sure if it was a good thing or a bad thing that I drank all of his semen. But it was the responsible thing to tell him.

"Um, remember the whole 'I like staying as me' thing? Yeah, that was just expelled..." I was hoping that my new mate would understand what I meant but of course he didn't. "I drank all your cum...I didn't mean to at first. It just plopped into my mouth and it tasted so good that I wanted more and I couldn't help it but to finish you off...Pleasedon'thateme," I rushed. His eyes glittered as he hugged me.

"I could never hate you for giving me such a wonderful gift. What you just gave me was better than if you gave me your virginity. I will not let you regret it, Steven. We will raise beautiful, strong children together." He kissed my head and hugged my so firmly I was losing the air in my lungs.

"Could you tell me how the process is done?" I asked. I guess my eyes or my face showed that I was a bit uncertain. Xe'Trygg brushed the hair again and cupped my cheek with his warm hand.

"The birthing process, correct? I mentioned it before, but because you were acting skittish I tried not to go into too much detail," he smiled. "But it's really not that complicated. For as long as all Xolts have remembered we have been performing the C-section. We open the newly made womb and pull the children out just as a human C-section would be performed."

"How? I mean, way back when wouldn't that be impossible? I mean, I can see that now in this day and age, but not hundreds of years ago with no technology..."

"Not entirely true. It was incredibly dangerous to give birth hundreds of years ago because the procedure didn't always work or the sub mate would die because of blood loss. But when a child did live they were cherished and well taken care of. Due to the fact that children were an abnormality we protected them with our lives. The tribe would sacrifice themselves to take care of the child. Over years and years of practice and technology developments it has become so easy that some families need to live off the ships and on planets. As of right now we have plenty of healthy children running around the ships, each one as well taken care of as always." He looked me in the eyes and smiled, "You will be fine and I will protect you. Please don't worry about it."

"What about 'mating season'? Your brothers were talking about it. When is that?" I asked. His blue eyes shone with the happiness that only a lover could show you. I felt myself physically relax, he calmed me down. From his masculine scent to his big strong hands I always felt safe with him.

"That's coming up pretty soon actually and I'm glad you mentioned it. Mating season lasts only three days twice a year. It is the most intense moments of your life because when you aren't sleeping you're fucking or eating to stay nourished. Sometime you even end up fucking in your sleep. It's not completely continuous because we do need breaks to rejuvenate, but we'll be having a lot of sex. The main goal is to get pregnant and have children." He frowned a bit, "I believe we will be around Arcaina when the season hits, which could be dangerous. The Xoltarin Republic doesn't exactly get along with the Arcain Xolts."

I was lying on his chest and he patted my blond hair, soothing me into a sleep. I puckered my lips and he kissed me, sweet and sensual.

"I love you Xe'Trygg," I whispered. "I trust you to protect me and your family."

"I love you too, Steven."

*~**~*

I had no knowledge about Arcaina or what mating season would truly be like, short of what Xe'Trygg told me. It made me nervous and I would actually wake up from a nightmare every few nights. It was always the same dream. I would be walking in the streets of Earth and I would always end up in a dark damp alleyway. I would stand there because I would notice something wasn't right. Then suddenly a large sandy Xolt would grab me from behind and lick my ear. He would hiss something to me, but because I was scared I couldn't understand what it was...The dream never ended well.

I never told Xe'Trygg about the dream because he was already super defensive of me as it was. Xe'Zhi would look at me and my mate would start arguing with him. He would treat his closest friends as if they were trying to steal me away. I also found out what a defensive Xolt male looked like when he thought his mate was going to get hurt. I was accidentally pushed in the hall of the ship and I fell down. Xe'Trygg straightened his posture and puffed his chest out. His snake like fangs looked as if they were ready to puncture and his claws extended. I had to rush to my mate and soothe him before he killed the young Xolt. Xe'Hul thought that perhaps it was an effect of going into mating season and being so close to a planet that he already didn't trust. It was possible, but I thought it was just my mate being over protective.

I never liked being in the dark so I went to Jing to see if he could shed some light on what Arcaina was like. He was more than happy to teach me.

"Now, from what I understand, Arcaina is just like Earth?" I asked. Jing and I were sitting in his family room as he started to knit his third sweater. This one was a garish pink.

"Yes, humans do live on this planet as well as a few other species. The Chanture, like me, and the Xolt but there are also more deadly species there. From what I have learnt through human media is that you have a myth about 'vampires', correct?" I nodded; they were common as much as I didn't like them. "Well, Arcaina actually does have vampires. They are endangered though due to the last Great War, though, and are in hiding."

"Great War? Is that anything like the world wars on Earth?" Jing sat for a moment as he tried to recall human history. While he sat there I took the time to notice the difference in my friend's complexion. He looked better, healthier and glowing even. His white fluffy hair almost seemed to caress his face and made him look so beautiful. While thinking he placed his hand on his distended belly, rubbing it and soothing his children. I suspected that his child was due anytime now.

"I guess," Jing said finally, "just different. The idea is the same though. Thousands of years ago, when Vampires were strong and powerful there lived two Kings—each one as selfish as the other. The human king was the reason the war started in the first place. No one has a correct record of why, but one thing everyone is sure of is that the Human king started it. Soon all willing humans left Crythesis—the other main country at the time—leaving all vampires to starve. The vampric king wouldn't let his people starve and so, they fought. Somehow along the way both Kings died, leaving their sons to keep fighting for them. No one knows why, or how, but one day the war just stopped because both princes were dead as well as one sex slave.

On Arcaina sex slaves are known as Dancers, which is what I was before my mate found me, the difference between me and a regular slave was that I was blind and therefore trash. I wasn't...treated with much respect. Even for a whore." He looked out the massive window and sighed. I could tell right away that he didn't want to go back.

"Are you going to go with your mate? Once he leaves to the planet, I mean."

"Maybe...I kind of want to show them what I have become. That a tiny blind whore could make a name of himself, but at the same time I'm afraid of what might happen to me. I was lucky to get out of there while I could. The police were getting better and better at finding all the whore houses old and new..." Jing put his things down, "Arcaina, as far as I remember was just developing as a planet. My prediction is that it is just advancing in technology, but thanks to the 'Angels' we are far more developed then they are. Have no fear of Arcaina, just stay close to your mate and things will be fine."

*~**~*

As we approached the new planet, Xe'Trygg pulled me aside and asked me if I wanted to see where he worked. I was shocked as much as I was excited. I knew what he did but never got to see where he did it. I was very interested indeed.

"And here it is," he said. It wasn't much; it looked like a small office with a screen on the wall. We had one in our home, so I knew it was a computer. His desk looked like it was made of a red wood similar to cherry wood and his chair looked like soft leather. The window behind him let in the light from the suns that weren't too far; they caused the room to glow red. My mate looked beautiful while bathing in red. His emerald green hair seemed to glow at the tips, his clear blue eyes shone out to me, his scales taking on the color of the suns. He was magnificent and I wanted him.

"Beautiful," I murmured, "just beautiful..."

"Steven, it's only a room." I smiled, mainly because he thought I was talking about the room. He did not seem to know how amazing he truly was.

I blushed, "I was talking about you."

He smiled at me and took my hand and kissed my knuckles, his slightly pink tongue caressing me as he brushed his lips against me. His eyes clouded with lust and I felt myself quiver with excitement. He wanted me...

"Right now?" I asked, looking around just in case some one was near. Of course no one was—Xe'Trygg had his own room. I was just acting like a scared little school boy about to lose his cherry. I was far from that.

"I want you Steven. I want to mark you before we get to Arcaina. That place is dangerous and I need to know that everyone knows you are mated." He sniffed the air around us. To me it smelt like Xe'Trygg, but I was sure it smelt like sex to him. "I want every one to know you are mine." He growled low in his chest and kissed me deeply before tugging at my last clean shirt.

I felt my cock strain against my jeans and I mewled out in pain and ecstasy. His hand grazed my nipple and it rose, calling out to my mate to take me. His hand travelled down my body and embraced every inch of bare skin, until he reached my pants. He growled in frustration.

"These are in the way." He tugged at them until the button ripped off and flew around the room. I moaned once his silky hand found its way though my pants and underwear and stroked my cock. It was a moment of pure bliss and I moaned into his hot wet mouth. "You like that don't you? My strength and will..."

"Yes," I squeaked. "Please...Help me, Xe'Trygg." My legs were quivering and most of my weight was on the red wood desk. My mate gently dragged his nose down my neck and into the crook and started to suck, raising the blood to the skin, starting to mark me.

Slowly my shirt was thrown onto the floor and my big mate was fooling around with my sensitive nipples, using he fingers and mouth to play. He bit and sucked and tweaked and pinched, causing my pink nipples to turn a rosier shade of red.

"Gods, Steven, you look so fucking sexy like that." My mate's normally pure eyes were dark with lust. His flawless perfect skin had a rose hue, and his chest rose up and down quickly. He was so turned on and I was the one who did that. That fact alone turned me on even more.

I looked down at myself and saw what he meant. I looked like a slut. My nipples hard little red peaks wet with saliva. My chest heaving for air, and my cock purple with need sticking out of the fly of my jeans; I was a needy, horny slut. But I was his slut and his alone.

Chapter 4

Arcaina was a pretty planet from the stars. It was very similar to what Earth looked like, only instead of seeing many bodies of land you could only see two. You could also see the twin moons that lived in pairs with the planet and suns. The water was fresh glittering blue and the land was deep forest green; the sight made me miss my home but at the same time I was happy to be with Xe'Trygg. He made me happy.

Sadly, though the planet was just like Earth in almost every way. There were buildings that towered in the sky and the ground was covered in cement. It was beautiful as well as it was sad. Jing had told me of a place where nature and creatures came hand in had. Once he saw what his home planet had become he broke into tears. He just kept repeating that he wished he could've seen what his world looked like before the changes.

I felt guilty myself because even though I may not have done that to his planet, I didn't stop it on mine. I was just as bad as them. Maybe worse because at least Arcaina had a chance to redeem itself but it was already too late for Earth. But just like Earthlings, the Arcainians wouldn't listen and this world would soon become a broken place as well.

The first day in Arcaina was okay. Nothing bad happened thankfully. Jing said that I was just over reacting. He said that it could be due to the changes that could be happening inside my body. But I didn't think that was why. I felt like there was a lack of changes to my body. I remembered Jing say that the changes to him were over night...Nothing happened to me. I was scared. What if there was something wrong with me? The old me would have been happy to know that I had a defect that made it so I wouldn't change...But after seeing Jing and Xe'Hul so happy about their children, after thinking about why I wanted to become a teacher... I had realized some things about myself that I didn't see before.

The second day was a different story. As Xe'Trygg and I made our way through the city I felt eyes on my back. They felt dark and evil, and yet filled with lust and anger. It was hard to pin point where they came from because my mate attracted the eyes of everyone. But on that note, so did I.

While there were humans on the planet--in fact most of the planet was dominated by humans-- I was still different from them. Not only was I holding hands with a big silver Xolt, I was also tiny compared to the Arcain humans. Their limbs seemed to be longer then an Earthian human's and their eyes looked slightly different, wider almost. Truthfully I was uncomfortable being around these creatures, like I was going to get jumped or something. Xe'Trygg understood how I felt but he didn't want to leave me out of his sight.

We were walking what I would call a modern day bazaar when someone grabbed my arm and tried to pull me away from the group. I shrieked and tried to shake him off of me, he turned out to be a "dancer" who was in need of money. Jing took pity on the Arcain human and gave him enough money to buy some food for the evening. But it was after that experience I felt the eyes on my back get darker.

*~**~*

"Jing, I don't think anything is happening to me." I walked into his room while our mates were working else where on the ship. Jing was on his couch reading a book when I said that and he dropped the book and laughed at me.

"Jeez, Steven, I didn't think you'd be this worked up. Just like puberty, things happen at different rates of speed. You just happen to be slower then the rest of us, which could be because you are human. It happens, Stevie."

"You don't understand. I don't feel different at all. I drank him for the first time almost a week ago, and then frequently from then on. Shouldn't something have happened by now?" I plopped myself down next to my cat-friend and lounged on his lap. It comforted me to some level being around him and his children, not sure why but it did.

"Just give it time, hun. It'll happen when it happens," he smiled as he brushed my hair back. It didn't change how I felt about my situation. Could it be because I was human I couldn't have children? It was possible, but it was also something that I didn't want to consider. Not only would it hurt me, but it would crush Xe'Trygg. He wanted a family so badly that if I couldn't give him a child...Well, I would feel like an incompetent mate.
