 A 13th Century Tale from the Middle Ages. 

The story is about a man named Delbert, a woodsman by trade who lived on the edge of the forest in a humble cottage. At the age of 35 he still was not married and had no intentions of ever doing so valuing his independence and freedom.

Delbert was a man's man, a loner who was happy cutting wood in the forest which he then sold in the nearby village to the locals. Wood being the fuel of the day meant his skills were always in demand. 

His one room cottage was somewhat sparse yet comfortable; at the back of his dwelling flowed a little stream supplying him with a non-ending supply of fresh spring water. 

He was proud of the stone fireplace he built with his own bare hands; handpicked every stone himself; it kept the cottage good and warm, was used to prepare hot meals, usually stews and soups. He bought homemade bread in the village from the local baker.  

Delbert stood a good 5'8", in the middle ages this was considered tall, the average being 4' 2 or 8 inches tall. He was robust, wore tights and a cod piece with a hemp shirt and leather fitted vest. His cod piece showed off an impressive man mound, there was no denying that, it was a very sizeable cod piece easy to undo to let his man equipment out to urinate. It had quite a manly odor to it smelling strongly of urine, his uncircumcised man member chockful of smegma. He did not wash his penis often nor change tights and cod pieces. He only had two pairs of tights after all. 

On day he came across an older blind man lost, wandering off the beaten path; the poor soul had strayed a little too far from the village unaccompanied. Delbert quickly surmised the man needed help, he was obviously lost. "Good day Sir, might I be of assistance enquired Delbert?"

"Oh you certainly can young man, I strayed off the beaten path, I must surely be lost. I am very tired and hungry."

"My cottage is not far from here I would be most pleased to share a bowl of soup with you and some hearty bread I just purchased from the village baker."

"Thank you kind Sir, I would be most grateful to you for this caring gesture."

Delbert offered his arm to the blind man and off they slowly ambled to the woodcutter's cottage. Delbert usually cooked his food in a big copper cauldron that was held up by a metal tripod, there was always a fire burning in the stone hearth; hot stew or soup always ready for the eating. 

Delbert sat the old man at the wooden table on a bench and he sat on the other side of the table. Before sitting down he filled two wooden bowls with some delicious smelling hot soup; tore up pieces of bread for his guest and himself. He also served up two tin tankers full of mead the beer of the day. 

Delbert was fascinated to watch the old man dip his bread in the soup and then suck on it with great relish he then lifted his bowl and drank his soup with great appetite.

Delbert realized the man was toothless. 

"That soup is mighty good my kind Sir."

"May I fill your bowl again?"

"I will not say no to that Sir."

And so Delbert got up filled the blind man's bowl full to the brim again and gave him more bread to dunk in the wholesome soup. 

While they ate the man confided to his host that he had been wandering around, lost and homeless. The reason being his son and his wife threw him out of their dwelling because they thought him a useless nuisance him being old and blind and all. 

Delbert listened upset by what he was hearing and angry that the man's son could do this to his father who was blind and obviously unable fend for himself. 

When the man finished confiding in Delbert he let the old man know he could stay with him in his humble cottage. He had built a sort of bunk bed to maximize space from small logs he fashioned from wood he found in the forest. He loved building things. 

The old man could sleep on the bottom and he on the top. The space between the top and bottom was very tight indeed, no more than two feet between them. He let the man know about this guiding him to the bunk bed and warning him to be careful not to hit his head and apologized for not having a better sleeping arrangement for him. 

The old man thanked him over and over again and let him know he considered this lavish comfort after sleeping outdoors on the ground for many nights.

Delbert had a habit of lying on his stomach to sleep. The fact was his man equipment was so huge he found it uncomfortable having his big penis crushed against the wood planks so he cut a hole in the planks he slept on so his extremely sizeable man equipment could hang comfortably through the hole. There was no mattress on these planks. He did have a pillow for each bed, which he considered to be luxury; two flour sacks filled with chicken feathers. A tallow candle lit the cottage. 

Delbert introduced himself. 

The old man said, "please to meet you Delbert my name is Ulmer."

"Please to meet you Ulmer, you are welcome to stay with me for as long as you need."

"Thank you my dear man, thank you for giving me shelter and food, I am deeply indebted to you my kind Sir, thank you."

Ulmer's sense of hearing and smell was quite developed, he could tell a lot about a person from their smell and the sound they made when eating or walking. He felt quite comfortable with his host and sensed he was a very good man and that he would be taken care of well. He liked Delbert's manly smell, liked his very deep male voice. 

Ulmer let his host know he had to urinate and asked for his help. 

Delbert took Ulmer's hand and lead him outdoors a few steps from the main entrance to the cottage. He too had to urinate. 

Ulmer unfastened his cod piece and let out his penis and proceeded to urinate. 

Delbert let out his penis and urinated. 

Ulmer was aware of Delbert's man odors they were strong and manly. He was impressed with the sound Delbert's urine made when he urinated, it was thunderous and very forceful which told him the man's manhood was something to be reckoned with, something of unusual size and strength.

When they were done Delbert guided Ulmer back into the cottage and made a good brew of nettle tea before bedding down for the night. . 

Delbert helped Ulmer bed down so he would not hit his head on the above planks. 

Ulmer liked sleeping on his back. 

Delbert gave him his pillow, so Ulmer's head was propped up nicely seeing he slept on his back whereas he was quite comfortable sleeping on his stomach and propping up his head on his right arm to sleep. He blew out the candle and climbed onto the above planks. "Good night Ulmer, good sleep be yours."

"Thank you kind Sir, may you sleep soundly and well."

Delbert was a sound sleeper and went to sleep easily and quickly, he had slipped off his tights and cod piece and let his man equipment slip through the hole in the planks as he was accustomed to do. 

Ulmer was not so quick to fall asleep, he reviewed the day in his mind, was grateful for his good fortune of meeting Delbert. As he lay on his back going over the days events he became aware of a very strong odor and realized the smell was coming from above him, he was basking in Delbert's man smell. It was musky and smelled strongly of urine and smegma. 

He was quite taken with the odors of his host not minding them at all. He too after all emitted strong male odors, there being nothing unusual about that at the time. He did not realize Delbert's manhood was hanging through a hole in the planks just above his head. Before long he was asleep after all it had been a very eventful day. 

The next morning Delbert woke up pulled his big manhood out of the hole and climbed down to begin making breakfast for him and his guest. 

The sound of Delbert preparing breakfast woke Ulmer. "Good morning kind Sir, might I help you rising on this fine morning?"

"Yes thank you answered Delbert let me help you make your way to the table. Do you need to urinate Ulmer?"

"Yes kind Sir I sure do."

"Here let me fetch the bucket I use to urinate in at times instead of going outdoors especially when it is cold or raining." He fetched the bucket and brought over to Ulmer. 

"If you don't mind I will help you relieve yourself so as not to wet the floor."

"Go right ahead Delbert, do what needs doing."

With that Delbert undid Ulmer's cod piece opened it up and pulled out his penis which he observed was quite sizeable. It of course was uncut and smelled of smegma like his own and although soft it was quite long and thick. He held it so Ulmer could urinate and that he did let out a good steady stream of urine into the bucket Delbert was holding with his other hand. 

When Ulmer was finished urinating Delbert slipped the man's penis back into his cod piece.

"There you are, that must feel better now."

"It sure does, your help is much appreciated, it takes a man to truly help another man in these circumstances."

"My pleasure Ulmer let me know whenever you need to urinate or clear out your bowels. I have a spot out back for that."

Delbert bought eggs cheese and bread when he was in the village delivering wood to several people he supplied cut wood to regularly. He even had some milk he was heating up and preparing bowls with pieces of cheese and bread and making hard boiled eggs. He usually traded cut wood for milk from his nearest neighbor Cedric who had a cow. 

Again Ulmer ate with good appetite chewing on the bread and cheese set before him. He like the hard boiled eggs. 

Delbert usually boiled some eggs and kept them in a ceramic container filled with white vinegar and chili peppers and bay leaves to flavor them. They kept for a few days this way. Always good to have on hand to snack on with bread. Delbert had to leave Ulmer on his own while he went into the forest to cut wood to supply his regular customers. 

Ulmer assured him he was fine. He was glad to stay put so as not to get lost again. 

Delbert left him a plate of cheese and bread and filled a bowl full of soup for him which he left on the shelf behind the wooden table they ate at. He showed him where it was so 

Ulmer could feel his way around and not spill the soup. 

The day went by quickly and before long Delbert was back at the cabin. 

Ulmer was sleeping at the table his head resting on his arms. 

Delbert brought with him a big hare that was already skinned and cleaned by the village butcher, it was ready to cook; he made certain to get more bread now that he had another mouth to feed. He was actually very happy to have Ulmer's company. 

Ulmer woke up upon hearing his host enter the cottage. "How was your day kind man he enquired?"

"It was a very good day, thank you for asking Delbert replied." He let Ulmer know he was preparing a good wild rabbit stew for supper and that he had bought more bread from the baker and more mead. 

"My, my went on Ulmer I am being spoiled rotten and I must confess I quite enjoy it he said chuckling."

"It is my pleasure to spoil you Ulmer, after living on my own for so long I am enjoying your company considerably." 

"Why thank you kind man."

Delbert filled their tankers with mead and busied himself preparing supper. He cut up an onion, a few carrots and potatoes, into the big cauldron they went along with pieces of meat. He had two caldrons, one for soups and one for stews. The wild rabbit carcass went into the soup cauldron to make broth for the soup. Nothing was wasted to be sure. 

They ate a hearty meal, chatted freely getting to know more about one another enjoying one another's company. 

Before long it was time to bed down. Delbert helped Ulmer to his bed making sure his pillows were propped up for him to sleep comfortably. He then put out the candle, made his way to the upper bunk bed, took off his tights and cod piece. He then lay on his stomach as usual and let his immense manhood slip through the hole in the planks, this was his favorite position and off to sleep he went. 

Ulmer was asleep quickly this time only to wake up during the night. He lay on his back wide awake. He again became aware of the incredible strong man odors coming from above his head. What he did not realize at that moment was that Delbert's immense manhood was right above his head literally only 6 inches away from his face. No wonder he could smell his host's male odor's so strongly. 

Then by chance he went to scratch his nose with his hand and touched on something warm. He carefully reached out to feel what it was and to his surprise he realized it was a penis, it was Delbert's penis. He wondered why his penis was dangling there and thought it had to do with how he slept, that there must be a hole in the planks to let his manhood dangle so and probably for comfort. 

Ulmer positioned his head to be able to smell Delbert's penis, he sniffed the man's manhood over and over again enjoying the smell of his man cheese. It was pungent, Ulmer did not mind this at all, he actually was quite moved by this manly smell. 

Delbert was sound asleep his penis hard and dripping precum. 

Ulmer felt drops of precum hitting his face and licked up Delbert's man honey with great relish. Carefully he got a hold of Delbert's foreskin pushing it back to reveal a copious amount of man cheese ready to be eaten. He sniffed the good cheese many times before extending his long tongue to lick up the cheese he so wanted to eat. Gently he lapped up the man's smegma with great delight until he had cleaned up his penis thoroughly, he then opened his toothless mouth wide open and let Delbert's large manhood slip into it; then closed his mouth around the huge erection and slowly and quietly began nursing on it, milking it gently with great respect and gratitude. It had been a very, very long time since Ulmer had sucked on a penis or for that matter ate man cheese. This was an incredible treat. 

Meanwhile Delbert woke up and became aware that his big man erection was enveloped in something warm and wet and realized it must be Ulmer's mouth. He realized Ulmer was milking his penis, nursing on it. He liked how good it felt and decided to let Ulmer suck on his big manhood, he somehow knew he was making the old man very happy. He also liked that someone wanted to eat his man cheese, this pleased him greatly. 

Ulmer sucked on Delbert's penis for quite some time and then he felt a warm thick substance oozing into his mouth which he swallowed with great pleasure and there was a lot of this thick pudding like man food. Gratefully Ulmer ate it all up. He continued to nurse on the big erection long after Delbert unloaded his man sperm, he actually fell asleep with the big penis in his mouth. 

Delbert was amazed how good Ulmer treated his big man equipment, it felt so good, he was glad Ulmer ate all of his man sperm and did not waste any of it. He went to sleep happy to have his penis in Ulmer's warm mouth. 

The following morning Delbert awakened his penis still lodged in Ulmer's mouth, slowly and carefully he pulled his manhood out of the old man's mouth and got up to go urinate outdoors. Afterward he started preparing breakfast. Delbert looked over and saw Ulmer waking up. "Good morning Ulmer."

"Good morning kind Sir. I trust your sleep was good?"

"Thank you, I slept well indeed my good man. I fortunately am a sound sleeper, always have been. Last night's sleep was exceptionally good, how was your night enquired Delbert?" 

"It was one of the best nights I have had in a long time replied Ulmer."

"Glad to hear that Ulmer." 

Both were discreet and did not say another word about the nights events. 

Delbert had to go cut wood again in the forest and deliver cut wood to his customers. He was getting more bread, eggs and cheese in the village. He returned before sunset. 

Ulmer was awake and expecting him. "Well, well look who is here exclaimed Ulmer gleefully, happy to see you returned." 

"I will have supper served shortly Ulmer, you must be very hungry, I have more bread for us, eggs. We are having the rest of the wild rabbit stew for supper. I will also hard boil a few eggs for us to eat with our stew." 

He then served mead and finally filled the wooden bowls full of delicious stew, broke up some dark rye bread and began to eat. 

Ulmer ate with great appetite, he was very hungry, and so did Delbert eat with great fervor. 

Delbert related to Ulmer what transpired in the forest and in the village. He also managed to collect some wild mushrooms in the forest. He had a cast iron skillet a rarity in those parts and quite costly so he could make mushroom omelets. He was making omelets for breakfast the following morning. 

Not long after supper it was time to bed down for the night, once it was dark people tended to bed down soon after. Delbert guided Ulmer to his bed, plumped up his pillows and asked Ulmer if they were properly propping his head all the while aware this would lift his head up in position to nurse on his huge erection, he was liking his new found situation, enjoying the attention Ulmer was giving his immense penis. Ulmer assured him he was properly propped up. 

Delbert blew the candle out, took off his tights and cod piece and climbed up onto the planks directly above Ulmer. He then let his big manhood slip through the hole and hang right above Ulmer's head. 

This time the old man did not wait, he opened his toothless mouth and let Delbert's large erection slip into his warm mouth as he was anxious to nurse on it. 

Delbert felt his huge erect manhood slip into Ulmer's warm mouth and welcomed it's comforting warmth. He liked how Ulmer nursed on it how he milked it gently and slowly, his big 9 inchers fat penis had never felt so good. 

Ulmer was liking having Delbert's manhood fill his mouth. He was able to accommodate his host's 9 inchers penis without any problem, he loved the feel and taste of it. He must of nursed on the big penis for a good hour or so before Delbert's hot man sperm began to ooze out and fill his mouth full of goodness. 

It was an incredible amount of sperm he fed his new found friend, a huge amount. 

Ulmer gladly ate it all up. Once again he kept the big penis in his mouth to suckle on throughout the night. 

Delbert was happy to have his penis suckled all night long, he loved having his manhood in the old man's warm toothless mouth. He went to sleep happy. 

Ulmer fell asleep suckling the big man soother happier than a kite. 

During the night Delbert awoke having to urinate something fierce. He did not want to take his penis out of Ulmer's mouth because it felt so good in there, he was nursing on it like a baby, but he had to urinate soon plus it was cold outside and he had forgotten to bring the bucket inside the cottage to urinate in. He decided to let out small amounts of urine into Ulmer's mouth to see if he would drink it. 

Carefully and gently he let his urine drizzle into Ulmer's mouth, Delbert could feel him drinking down his urine without any problem, he was guzzling it up as fast as Delbert was giving it to him to drink. He let out small jets of urine for 10 to 15 minutes until he had none to give. 

Ulmer drank it all down seemingly without any problem. 

Meanwhile Ulmer woke up when he felt Delbert's hot urine drizzle into his mouth. He was glad to drink it down, he wanted his urine and liked the taste very much, he was grateful Delbert was feeding him his urine. He kept Delbert's penis in his mouth and sucked on it until Delbert unloaded another immense quantity of sperm into his sucking mouth. 

Delbert loved having his penis tended to by the old man. He knew Ulmer worshipped his immense penis and liked that he did. He proudly let him feed on his man equipment. 

Ulmer was very happy that Delbert let him suck on his manhood, let him milk and nurse it all night long. He fell asleep with the big penis in his mouth. 
