 The new boy walked up the driveway, the rain adding to the darkness, and the fog offering a welcome blanket of privacy. Ringing the doorbell, he wondered what in his 19 years of curiosity had brought him here. Was it just curiosity? Was it a search for adventure? Was it just boredom? Or was it that the high school and university bimbettes that he'd already conquered weren't doing anything for him except spending his money and swallowing his load?

Whatever. As the door opened, what it was that brought him there was no longer important.

"Enter", said the boy's first Dom. "It's good that you're on time, boy. Hang your jacket up, remove your boots, and then go up the stairs to the Master Bedroom. Stand on the small mat near the bed, face the window, and strip. Go now."

When the movement had stopped on the second floor, the tall Dom made his way upstairs to inspect his new sub. This one was a boy. Others had been girls. It didn't matter which, the turn on for him it was introducing new fantasyseekers to the games. Many came back. Some decided they didn't like it all, some decided they'd rather play the same games with ladies of their own. But none were disappointed that they'd tried to sate their curiosity.

The new sub stood as he'd been directed, nude, and on the mat in the center of the room.

The Dom approached from behind, and slipped a blindfold over the boy's eyes. Pulling the boy's hands up to his chest, he tweaked the boy's nipples using the boy's own fingers, slowly arousing them to hardness. Once the sub's nips were erect, he reached for a set of nipple clamps, and recognizing that this was the boy's first such encounter, set them to a gentler intensity before applying them. Even at a less than intense setting, the boy inhaled sharply, feeling the sharp bite of the clamps on his sensitive nipples.

The dom watched his new charge carefully, and once his breathing had returned to normal, he moved the boy's hands around to his crotch, and again began using the boy's own hands to rub and stimulate him to hardness. Allowing the boy to continue to stroke himself sensually, the Dom went to the shelf and returned with a 2" ball stretcher/separator, and reached below the boy's cock, gave a sturdy tug on the boy's nuts and wrapped the 2" leather stretcher around the boy's ballsack.

Once the scrotum was wrapped, the separator strap was pulled tight, and drawn across the bottom of the bulge at the bottom of the stretcher, pushing the two nuts apart, and into even tighter sacs of skin straining to stretch around the nuts. The boy groaned sensuously, this being the first time he'd had such a device attached. It's not that it was unpleasant, it was just that he was now fully conscious of his nuts like he never had been before, and couldn't just take for granted that all would be well between his legs.

Standing up, the Dom returned to the shelf, and returned with wrist and ankle restraints. With the boy still blindfolded, he wrapped the leather bands around the boy's arms and legs, and next instructed the boy to move forward to the bed and to kneel on the mattress.

The boy then felt his legs being manhandled further apart and heard a set of clicks, and the sudden immobility of his feet and legs made him sure that his Master had just put a spreader bar to work on the boy.

"Put your arms between your legs, boy."

Doing as he was instructed, the boy felt his hands being grasped, and pulled out to his ankles. A series of metallic clicks indicated that his wrist cuffs had just been clipped to his ankle cuffs.

What was he doing here? Nipple clamps on, but just a dull ache. Ball stretcher on, and his nuts forced apart as tight light orbs at the end of a leather wrap that was keeping them pulled out from his body. And now, completely restrained, unable to stand, roll over, or even lie down flat, with his virgin rosebud and his unmarked ass cheeks exposed and pointed into the middle of the room.

It didn't matter what brought him here. This is what he'd wanted to discover: what was it like to give up control. That comfort zone of always knowing what was next, what the order of things was, of always being able to influence things to a personally favourable outcome. What would it be like to lose that, and to give control of ones most intimate body parts to someone else.

The boy next felt a strong set of hands on his buttocks, kneading them, pulling them apart, exposing him even further. Unable to move, he could do nothing but moan, and to continue to think about what brought him here.

Slap!

The sudden sting of a barehand spanking shook him from his reverie. When was the last time he'd actually been spanked? He couldn't recall, but he knew for sure that he'd never been spanked like this before. Ass in the air, hole exposed to the air, wrists and ankles bound together and stretched apart, clamps on his nipples, and a nasty chunk of leather pulling his nuts away from his body. None of them particularly painful, but each was an additional reminder that he was no longer in control. Still blindfolded, he had no way of telling what was next.

Then he felt a cold damp contact with his rosebud as a daub of lubricant was applied and massaged into his asshole. He'd really given up control, and everything that happened now was going to be new, and entirely of someone else's choice. He recalled being comforted that he had a safeword and a slow word, but having given up his choice over what happened to him, he really retained only the ability to end the scene.....but after all....isn't that what brought him here? The thought that someone else could just use him as their toy, could play with his most private parts, and could use whatever parts of him they wanted.

He knew that once he was lubed up, something would find its way into his rectum. But what? He quickly found out, as his Master's fingers were removed from his ass, and a cold, inorganic object was placed at the entrance to his ass, and pressed slowly forward. How big was it? How long? What was it? How long would it be there?

He felt it push in, then pull out. Push in, then pull out. Each time a little deeper, but each time a little easier. Well, to a point. After a little play, he started to realize that perhaps there was a limit to what he could accommodate back there. He'd never felt that full, or that stretched before.

Pushing steadily, the Dom knew that the boy was feeling a little discomfort now, and that being too aggressive inserting the medium butt plug would meet with howls instead of sensual moans. In and out. In and out. Firmer "in" each time.....and then, the wide part of the plug slid past the ring piece, and the taper was sucked into the boy's ass right to the base. More kneading of his ass, or was that a caress?

"Good boy," he was reassured by his new Master.

Strangely, he thought, he WAS reassured. Blindfolded, clamped, stretched, separated, restrained, spread, spanked, and plugged – and in spite of all that, he was comfortable, and was being commended by the person to whom he'd surrendered. Astonishing.

What was next? He didn't know, but he was quite sure that he was going to wait to find out. What was next indeed??


As I sat there struggling for freedom (which I new was the last thing I wanted) from the restraints that I knew were inescapable I began to wonder what the man in the room was planning as he sat there quietly admiring his work. I still could not see with the blind fold still in place and loved it because it added uncertainty and surprise to the game I had now became a part of.

Suddenly I heard him begin to move around, and then he spoke to me. This was the first time he had spoken since the time he had said hello and given me my instructions. Back to the shelf he walked and retrieved an object which was placed around my head and into my mouth, a gag of course. This was no typical ball gag but a penis gag. He said that I'd better get used to having something of this shape in my mouth in order to be comfortable later on. He then tightened the instrument around my head causing me to gag a little. Then he asked me, in a no more than rhetorical manner, if I wanted to be caned and paddled for the first time.

Seeing as how I was in no position to argue, with a penis gag in mouth, my limbs restrained and stretched, my virgin rosebud filled with a butt plug and my balls now aching with desire to be let free of the stretcher and spreader I inaudibly let out a recognizable approval.

Since we had discussed my limits previous to my arrival he knew that I did not want to have any marks left on my body for more than that day (if that) because I had a hockey game the following day, and lord I could only imagine what kind of looks and quizzical expressions I would receive from my teammates.

Away he went again as I heard his footsteps wander across the room and approach me on the way back. He asked me my age and told me that if I was a good boy and did not squirm or complain very much I would not be punished later.

Punishment I thought What a contradiction I was in, I was already being "punished" just for fun, and now I would be punished more if I did not comply to his rules...what else could he do to me I thought to myself.

Unfortunately I had no ability to think any longer as the first strike of the cane connected with my as cheek sending me yelping and squirming with pain, but yet pleasure. Stop squirming he said warning me that if I did it again I would regret it.

Whap! Another hit on the opposite, previously unmarked cheek. Again I let out a sound beneath the gag, but this time much quieter than before but did not manage to keep as still as he had wanted me to,

I warned you he said.

Fear and excitement ran through my veins and I was left wondering where he had walked off to this time...how many more devices and instruments could this man have I pondered.

Unfortunately my question was answered when he told me that my cock must go limp before we proceeded any further. I knew this would be hard because I was living a fantasy and only dreamt this day would come. To help me out he removed the ball stretcher and spreader which caused me to let out a sigh of relief. As he sat there an waited patiently he began helping me concentrate on non sexual things which eventually led to my penis becoming limp. No time was wasted as he applied something to my cock...o god I thought, what was this device. And furthermore he added something yet again to my balls. This time it wasn't the leather stretcher but rather a spiked leather parachute.

The gates of hell was what the cock device was and it was causing me great discomfort as it got to work. The parachute he applied to my balls was followed by a chain leading through an o ring below the parachute and then secured to the spreader bar.

"Now" he said firmly, "do not squirm." I realized I really couldn't, for if I did the spikes would tear into my balls and the chute would tug away at them.

He stepped away, and I heard him pick up the cane. He patted both of my cheeks, right on the still stinging scars where he had first caned me.

"Nineteen, are you?"

Still gagged with the rubber cock in my mouth, all I could do was nod and grunt out a frightened agreement. Somehow, I know where this was going, and didn't know if I could last that long.

"Nineteen it is, then."

I groaned. Exactly what I'd been afraid of.

I felt the cane line up gently on my cheeks, then felt it leave as he started his backstroke. As I heard the cane rushing through the air, I twitched a little, felt the spikes on my nuts, and then steeled myself and braced against the imminent biting impact and....

Nothing. He let the rushing cane pass harmlessly over my ass.

"Boy! What the hell are you doing moving? I haven't even hit you?" he asked.

At least as disappointed in myself as I know he must have been, I slumped forward, and relaxed, ready for a further verbal rebuke I was sure would come.

Instead, I heard him say slowly, and deliberately, "breathe deeply, boy. In, and out. Breathe deeply." Strangely, I was soothed by the tone and by the advice, and complied with the instructions immediately. I relaxed into the rhythm of breathing deeply, and as I got to the third inhalation...

"Swack!"

I couldn't even inhale sharply – my lungs were already full! And as relaxed and soothed as I'd been, I wasn't even ready to jump, even though the sharp sting of the cane ripped right through my brain.

Without even stopping to see if I was OK, he said "Good boy. Now relax again. Breathe deeply. Breathe deeply." he repeated.

"Swack!"

"Damn!" I hadn't been expecting that one, either; or thought I was ready for it.

"Good boy. Keep relaxed. Keep breathing deeply."

I gathered from his measured tone and his encouragement that I was making the grade, and was pleased that I could already measure up to this test.

After a few strokes, following the same routine, I forgot to keep track of how many that was. A few more, and I almost forgot I was being struck sharply with a cane between breaths. A few more, and I started to feel the edge of an endorphin high, like I've felt while running. Was that possible? Here? I started to enjoy that, and then a while later, almost as though I were in a dream, I heard his voice from outside the dream.

"Stay relaxed. Breathe deeply boy. That's all 19. You were maginificent."

"Now let's get you untied and undone so you can take a break. You've earned it."

As I kept up the breathing, he quickly undid all the restraints, removed the spreader bar, and slowly undid the parachute harness, and allowed the spikes to ease out of the now textured and indented scrotal skin. To be honest, I'd actually forgotten I was wearing it during the caning.

"Roll over on your back, boy."

As I did, I recalled I was wearing a set of nipple clamps. Those had gone a little numb, and although I knew they 'should' hurt, I was concerned that they didn't hurt anymore....

My concern didn't last long.....he released the spring loaded clamps from my nipples quickly and simultaneously, and as the blood jetted back into the flesh, the sting on my nipples was even sharper than the cutting of the cane. It didn't help that he flicked them and toyed with them a little, either.

Finally, he removed the gag that had been forcing my jaw open for the last 20 minutes or so. As the cock shaped gag left me, I realized that I'd already started to get used to it. Given that whatever replaced it wasn't going to be strapped in and immovable for 20 minutes, I was sure I'd be able to handle, at least physically, anything else he'd want to shove in there.

Tired, sore, and needing a break after the bondage, the stretching, the gagging, and the caning, when everything was undone, and taken off except for the butt plug, he ordered me to get under the covers, and then slid in behind me to warm me up, removing the blindfold as he did so.

I wasn't so sure about being in bed with another guy yet, but too many parts were too sore to complain, and besides, I was finding myself a bit chilly as I came down from the runner's high....so I didn't say anything, and closed my eyes for a bit of a rest, and was so comfortable, that I probably drifted off for a while while cradled in his arms.

I must have drifted off, because the next I knew, I was being instructed to "Get up, boy. The night is still young. Plenty of learning for you to do yet."

Rising from the bed, he led me, naked, downstairs, through the rest of the house and into the dimly lit basement. There were chains hanging from hooks in the ceiling. A tall X-shaped wooden cross against one wall, a long wooden table with tie down straps, and what looked like a small old-style stacked wooden vaulting horse. "What was THAT for, I wondered?"

Well, I didn't have long to wait.

"Sit on the top of the horse, boy."

I slumped again. Not even knowing what was coming, or what this tortures this implement was to be used for, I sat.

Master took the restraints that I was by now familiar with, and placed them on my wrists and ankles again.

"Lie back on the horse, boy."

Fortunately, the bench on the top of the horse was padded, and this did not seem an unpleasant task, particularly as I looked at the other options in the basement. I did note that the top of the horse was much shorter than my torso, though, and as inexperienced as I was about such things, didn't understand why I'd be told to lie down on something that was clearly too short. The bench I'd been sitting on, now a bed, was not long enough for my head to find a rest, and the edge of my ass hung just over the other end.

I didn't have to wait long before my fate was to become clearer. Standing at the foot of the bench, he pushed my legs up towards my chest, and ordered me to give him my hands. Pulling my arms out and around my legs, he clipped my two wrists together in the hollow behind my knees, and I realized how vulnerable I now was, perched precariously on the top of this horse. My ass hanging out, still plugged, and my knees locked up near my chest.

"I think you've had both your holes practice stretched for long enough tonight, don't you, boy?" he asked rhetorically.

He slowly pulled out the butt plug I was still wearing, and spent some time kneading my ass cheeks again, and tapping on and toying with my not quite sealed rectum. Expecting him to spend more time there, and bracing myself for what was likely to happen to a boy in my position, I was surprised to see him walk around to the end that my head was at, and tell me to stop holding my head up.

"Hang your head down over the edge of the bench, boy. You don't want your neck getting sore....not that way, anyways."

As my head fell back, and my eyes fell across the growing tent in Master's bathrobe, I realized only then that I was now very vulnerable at both ends.

"Open your mouth boy. This is what you practiced for."

"Wait a second" he said, "I almost forgot" As he walked out of the basement and left me restrained in the vulnerable position I began to realize what I was about to do... what would it be like? A real cock in my "straight" mouth. Although it didn't seem to matter because I was so turned on by this that I could have cared less, this was my fantasy, and it was now becoming a reality.

Then I heard movement in the room, he then told me to close my eyes before he approached me so I complied wondering what type of surprise I was in for. And then on went the blindfold again. I was happy in a sense that he applied it because it helped me not to be able to see his facial expression and what I was so plainly about to do. That's not all he said shortly after.

I want you to be hard thinking about me while your doing this, but I also don't want you to cum from the pleasure you will shortly receive.

And then again I felt the discomfort of the leather spreader applied to my balls and the gates of hell applied to my cock which was now getting hard.

Open wide he said with a smile in his voice.

As I did I closed my eyes, even though I was blindfolded. Then I felt the hard shaft over my lips, then tongue. Wow I thought, what a feeling. This was more exciting than I thought. I quickly went to work on his cock and after what seemed only minutes he began to fuck my face like the cock gobbling slut I had become, I knew then he was about to cum.

Splurt! I then felt the warm sticky fluid in my mouth and began sucking even harder trying to get him as dry as possible. But instead before I could do much more he pulled out and came all over my face and then congradualted me on what a fine job I had done.

Its to bad I don't have a towel down here boy otherwise I would let you clean it off.

So there I was, a cum swallowing, cum painted face boy tied up in another mans basement being exploited like a sex toy.
