 "What am I doing?" the words finally left my mouth. It was a belated response but he didn't care. Even in the dim light I was sure he could see the blush consuming my face.

I watched Joey's eyes as their focus briefly moved to my mouth. His lips parted and I thought he was going to kiss me but he didn't. Was he dragging it out on purpose or did he not really want to kiss me? 

His right hand twirled strands of my hair between his fingers, his eyes meeting mine again in a paralyzing stare. My breath hitched and what felt like a sudden cold breeze moved through me. "You're teasing me," he accused correctly. I had been. Maybe a little more than necessary. 

The feeling of his soft dark hair brushing against my forehead made me want to reach up and run my hand through it. "I am," I said matter-of-factly. My plan had worked so far. 

Joey's lips pursed before forming a smile. A smile that could make any man weak, single or not. "You realize how wrong this is, right?" he cocked an eyebrow, amused. I knew he was right but I didn't care at the time. All I could think about was him. Touching him. Kissing him. Feeling him. Him. 

The room was dark, aside from the candlelight. All the blinds were wide open, allowing me a beautiful view of the twinkling stars in the late night sky. Smooth cream-colored satin sheets were tangled and tossed around, as were our clothes. Satisfied sighs, moans, groans, gasps, and even the occasional breathy scream filled the air, alerting anyone within earshot of our ongoing actions.

His strong, rock-hard muscles and commanding features were an even more stunning view than the star-studded sky outside, only adding to my gratification.

Having come from two families who couldn't possibly hold more disdain for each other, I was raised never to like him. Growing up two houses apart and attending the same schools, we'd been competing on every level in every venue possible and the competition was just going to increase as soon, our respective fathers are going to pass the authority and control of their million dollar company in our hands, the same two companies which are arch-rival for each other.

I boldly snaked my hand between his chest and mine. He raised up slightly, giving me room and watching my actions intently. I courageously placed my hand at the top of my torso, softly grabbing ahold of the fastened button. Staring into Joey's intrigued eyes, I fiddled with the button for a few seconds, undoing it and moving down to the next one. He captured my hand in his as I finished unbuttoning the second, halting my movements. 

"Adam..." he trailed off with a soft sigh. I could hear my pulse hammering wildly, waiting for him to speak again. 

A small lamp in the corner was the only thing illuminating the hotel room as Joey and I broke a new record on how fast we could undress each other. His slacks and the black boots he often wore under them laid in a pile on the floor beside his shirt and jacket. 

I gazed at him in lust, noticing his tongue swipe across his lower lip. A knot had formed in my stomach. A pit of desire and aching need. I craved his kiss again. But I longed for more than that. So much more. 

We tumbled onto the queen mattress in a rush of moans and gasps. His hands slid up and down my sides, grabbing my hips and squeezing soft, yet firmly. A pleasured sigh left my lips at the feeling of his teeth grazing over my neck. He bit down gently, sending a wave of desire through my body.

An abundance of potential statements flooded my mind, my emotions on edge and my hormones struggling to override my composure. My free hand rose to his face, my fingertips brushing over his stubble-peppered jawline.

Though in a way I felt like I was in the middle of a Broadway stage with everyone judging my actions, I felt empowered knowing Joey couldn't take his eyes off of me.

Joey's lips trailed a mix of sweet and spicy kisses over my jawline, nipping every so often as he made his way to my earlobe, biting softly, and then setting my hormones on fire with slow, lingering presses of his lips to my neck and down my chest. My body moved whether I wanted it to or not. My back involuntarily arched when his mouth reached one of my nipples while one of his hands slid between my thighs. His tongue and fingertips teased me mercilessly until I was a writhing, begging mess of gasps and moans.

A rush of desire raced through me when my wish to be kissed by him again was finally granted. My eyelids fluttered closed, his lips passionately melding with mine, sending heat through both our bodies. I moaned at the feeling of his teeth grazing over my bottom lip, softly biting it. He deepened the kiss, pressing his mouth harder against mine. My face felt hot. My whole body felt hot with a quickly expanding blush. Joey pressed his lower half firmly against me making sure I could feel the hard length in his jeans. I spread my legs wider, wrapping them around his waist tightly, tugging him closer - as if he could get any closer. 

Joey moaned into our kiss. That one simple sound may have been the sexiest thing I'd ever heard. He groaned, grinding himself against me, earning another moan from me. My lips parted as the pleasured sound escaped. He took the opportunity to slip his tongue inside my mouth. It had been so long since the last man had done that, the action felt foreign, completely unfamiliar. At the same time however, I was losing control, my composure dissipating as the lust took over. I kissed him back urgently when his tongue retreated. 

Joey's mouth left mine, a whimper leaving my lips. I gripped his forearm in need while he lowered his head to my neck. He nipped at my earlobe and begun sliding a hand up my side raising goosebumps on every inch of skin he touched. His lips connected with my neck, kissing a hot trail over my skin, nipping lightly until he reached my collarbone. He softly sucked on my collarbone as his hand made its way to one of my chest.

"You're driving me crazy," Joey groaned, kissing down my stomach to my hips, nipping at my hipbones. The feeling of his hot breath on my skin gave me chills. 

The smirk on his handsome face told me he was anything but innocent and probably very experienced in it.

My gaze shifted down to his huge throbbing cock. I shuddered in pleasure just looking at the magnificence of it as it pointed straight up towards both of us, the huge flared mushroom head capping that incredible thick length. 

"You like what you see?" he asked. I nodded and looked down shyly. 

"You might want to kneel down for the rest," he said, putting his two hands firmly on my shoulders and pressing down slightly. I got the idea and needed no coaxing, quickly sinking to my knees with my face level with his crotch. 

Not fully hard but with a beautiful weighty firmness, it was a beauty already at about 8" long and so big around I knew I probably wouldn't be able to close my hand around it. He was cut with a very pronounced ridge around the base of his large mushroom head. Just looking at that I knew my lips would find a nice home locking behind that cockhead. 

Joey put his hands into my hair on either side of my head. "Time to get to work," he said pulling me towards him. All of a sudden I was struck by a different smell coming from his cock and balls. Very familiar, yet unexpected. 

He slumped back into the easy chair and spread his legs wide in invitation. He sat with his ass near the front edge so his enormous cum-filled balls hung over the front edge with his thick cock arcing over top of them towards me, the pisshole glistening with his precum. I didn't need to be asked twice and moved forwards on my knees until I was inches away from his cock.

I bathed his cockhead first, feeling it start to enlarge and extend as I lovingly licked him clean. I worked my way down his growing shaft, my lips and tongue busy to get every drop of their combined juices. "Aahh...that's good, you really know what to do with a cock don't you," he said as he once again took my head in his hands and moved me around his cock and balls where he wanted my services next. I simply "hummed" as a sign of agreement and continued my loving work. 

Joey held the back of my head in one hand and with the other hand he guided his cockhead around my face, leaving a trail of his pre-cum on my cheeks. "There now, stick your tongue out and get a little taste," he said as he touched the tip of his cock to my protruding tongue. I savored the taste of his pre-cum, slightly salty and warm. I wanted more and he could tell it by my closed eyes and gentle purring like a kitten with a plate of warm milk.

I opened my mouth wide and slid the cockhead in, closing my lips behind the ridge. "Ooohh, yeah," Frank moaned as I continued to pleasure him. I swiped my tongue gently all around his large mushroom head, getting used to the size and feel of him in my mouth. This was a powerful cock, I could just feel it in the size and hardness. Hot, hard and smooth at the same time, it was a beautiful weapon of pleasure.

I moved a few tentative inches down the shaft and when I got about halfway, I was at my gag reflex and retreated back to servicing the head. I moved forward again, purring and pressing on the underside of his cock with my tongue. I repeated this over and over, speeding up and then slowing right down with some gentle pressure and lots of saliva to make it nice, hot and slick for him. I could tell he was pleased with my cocksucking abilities by the continuous moans he was making. I was worshipping this cock and its magnificence. I could only take about 5 or 6 inches but this seemed to keep Joey happy at this point. I used both hands on the lower half of his cock, slick from my excess saliva running down from above. "Use you fingernails and lightly scratch around the base of my cock, I like that," Joey instructed. My nails were short but there was a little there and I did as my master instructed. "Oh, that's so good...yeah...just like that...yeah...just keep that up and I'll be cumming soon."

I continued working the top half of his cock with my varied sucking action and using my hands and fingernails on the lower half and base. I noticed his huge balls drawing up closer to his body and knew he was close to feeding me. My own cock had been hard as a rock since we had started and I could tell I would soon want some release but I knew Joey's pleasure came first. 

"Oh, that's it...yeah...you're going to get that load soon," Joey said as he reached forward and put his hands back on either side of my head. He moved his hands lovingly thru my hair, directing my along his cock. It seemed to grow a little bit harder and bigger with its throbbing warmth and I knew he was close. "Oh yeah...here it comes...," he moaned. I wanted to make sure I tasted his load and none accidentally went straight down my throat so I backed off until my lips were locked behind the ridge of his cockhead. He gave a slight buck and the first shot jettisoned hard into the back of my mouth. It was quickly followed by another and another. I was filling up with his hot, creamy, thick cum. He twitched and gave off another volley of shots, my mouth rapidly filling up as he kept cumming and cumming. I was unable to hold it all and a little trickled out the corners of my mouth and dropped down my chin onto his cock and his thigh which I later swallowed it.

Moans of pleasure erupted from both of us as his body collapsed on top of mine on bed few minutes later. Our breathing came in gasps and deep sighs. I temporarily thought I wouldn't be able to get my breathing under control.

Joey rolled onto his back beside me. As usual, we stared up at the ceiling for a few minutes while we attempted to regain composure. No words were said but we both were in sexual heaven.

Joey turned his head to look at me. I could feel his cool breath against my cheek and rolled onto my side, locking eyes with him. Sometimes I thought it was a shame we were just friends with benefits. He was probably the sweetest guy I knew - when he wanted to be, that is. He had a sarcastic sense of humor that I couldn't get enough of. Not to mention he was jaw dropping-ly gorgeous and incredible in bed. Sometimes I wondered how different things might have been if we'd decided to take the relationship route instead of the spicy, sexy friendship one. I shrugged off the thought, knowing he'd probably never even consider it. It wasn't worth mentioning and I was probably wasting my time letting it cross my mind.

"You alright?" he asked softly, his voice barely above a whisper.

I nodded, brushing away his question and quickly falling into a dreamless sleep without any care of world, without any care of the moment when I have to compete with Joey in the business world, the same Joey whose cock was in my mouth a few minutes ago.