 According to today's "accurate report", he was frequently banging Jessica. At least that is what the headline would have people believe. Not bothering to read the damn thing, he threw it across the room as his temper got the better of him. He hated Blake. But he couldn't seem to get any dirt on him. Politics was dirty and Jacob never had a problem getting dirty. But all attempts to find any information for leverage had been futile. It was like the man had a guardian angel or something. Jacob was the mayor for God's sake! Didn't anyone in his camp know how to do blackmail properly? 

But of course, there was always the fact that Blake was banging Jacob's wife. Sure, Victoria had no idea that Jacob knew. Not that she would care. Not that he cared, really. It was more of the principle of the thing, actually. To attack a man's credibility while fucking his wife was a bit over the line for anyone. He would probably care more, actually, if he were innocent of having an affair. It just wasn't with Jessica.

He understood that in some capacities, he had failed as a husband. Victoria had never exactly confronted him, but she could tell that he wasn't that into the marriage. Which, when all was said and done, was fine by her. She wasn't either. It was a marriage of convenience more than anything else, something they both silently agreed upon. It had never been an issue prior, her stepping out if the fancy struck her and she assumed he would do the same with his rotating door of secretaries and aides. He knew that she didn't truly suspect the truth. Not many would or could imagine what he had been up to as of late.

Jacob let his mind wander to his aide, to the way his ass fit in those slacks as he walked. He felt his pants grow tighter as he grew harder. The very thought of it was almost too enticing to get past. And, well, he didn't have to. Work could wait. It's not as if tax figures would dramatically change or erase themselves if left alone a few more moments.

"Nicolò ," he called out. "Can you come help me with something really quick?"

He heard the tell-tale sound of Jessica's laughter as she heard the request, followed by her clicking on the desktop radio she kept close by. She had always been loyal to Jacob, putting up with round after round of Victoria's bullshit. He could see the glances his wife offered his secretary, the sneers. Jessica had taken it in stride and run interference whenever needed. She had always covered for him, offering up tale after tale and spinning them into a believable yarn for anyone that might snoop into his private life. No matter what happened, what anyone said about her, she always kept a smile on her face. It was one of the many things he admired about the small woman.

Nicolò closed the door gently as the sounds of Jessica's radio droned outside of it. Watching him walk, Jacob took in the sight with an inner sense of immense glee. Nicolò wasn't just a handsome man- he was gorgeous. His long thick, chestnut brown hair was slicked back, highlighting high cheekbones and piercing emerald eyes. A thin, well groomed beard traced his bronze face and teased full lips. Long legs casually carried the lean and tall sex-god. He oozed sex, elegance and power.

Jacob felt his cock strain in protest against his pants at the thought of touching him. Trying to remain motionless, he swallowed thickly and allowed his blue eyes to follow Nicolò. Nicolò plopped into the chair with an air of bravado- that incessant smirk permanently sketched on his lips. Towering over him, Nicolo slowly descended until he and Jacob were face to face. At first it was a gentle grazing of their lips. Though it had been done a million times before, each time felt electrifying. 

Nicolò pulled back from the gentle gesture and allowed his left hand to cup Jacob's chin firmly. He leaned in again, this time allowing his mouth to press firmly against Jacob's waiting lips. His tongue began to push into his mouth, darting between his lips and immediately working its magic. Jacob felt lost in the the physical sensations. He was submitting, wanting, no- needing Nicolò to control the situation. 

When Nicolò 's hand went to the front of Jacob's pants, he began to moan. Silencing Jacob with the crushing of his mouth, his fingers traced the fabric covering Jacob's dick. Each flick and press made his cock swell and his body shudder. Cupping Jacob's balls, his hand began expertly squeezing and stroking him to pleasure. Nicolò was playing him like a fiddle, eliciting a yearning he had never felt with anyone else before. His body began to shudder violently and Jacob could feel the precum threatening to explode. Immediately, Nicolò stopped. "No, not before me," he said as he pulled away from the kiss. His face took on the glint of dominance as he stood with his fingers moving towards his own belt.