 As Liam sat across from Lex, he couldn't help but find himself admiring him. Sure, his hair was a bit of a mess, but his eyes were still the same blue that had initially pulled him in. The manly goatee, much like his own beard, was trimmed neatly, and he carried himself "like a man." Since he'd considered experimenting bisexually, he'd thought another masculine man might be the right path. So far, it seemed true. He felt he'd chosen his first male partner wisely and hoped they could discreetly keep something going for awhile to come. 

As he shifted in his chair, Liam felt the plug shift in his ass. His ass was a bit tender from the recent fun. He blushed a bit wondering if anything leaked out as he shifted, he thought it was probably a good thing he was sitting on the apron he'd been wearing before...

Lex looked across the table and Liam. He liked the man. Simple enough guy, masculine, and with a mind that was part intellectual, part "good ol' boy," and a large part kinky as hell. Liam had surprised him along the way with some of his ideas and pictures. He'd explored his own bisexuality some previously, mostly at a safe distance from home. Liam offered something close to home, a "friend with benefits" offer, some regular male on male fun. Lex was already thinking it could be a great thing. 

As he saw Liam shift in his seat and blush a bit, his cock throbbed once again. He imagined the plug had shifted slightly. The man had surprised him when he'd mentioned letting him Dom over him this first weekend time together, just after their initial exploration of each other's bodies. Lex had been so turned on when Liam had leaned his neck forward and let him lock the collar in place the night before...

As they finished breakfast, Liam rose, cleared the table and put the dishes in the sink. As he returned to the table to grab the butter and syrup, Lex grabbed his arm and pulled him in for a kiss. Blue eyes now looking into blue eyes, he asked, "Do you have four pieces of rope or cord I can borrow?"

"Ye...s," Liam responded, wondering if this was part of the surprise Lex had mentioned. 

"Go get it, please."

Liam didn't hesitate at all as he walked to the bedroom to retrieve the rope as directed. His cock was beginning to harden with hopeful anticipation. The morning had already been eventful, but apparently wasn't quite over just yet. 

Returning with the rope, he found Lex standing next to his chair, indicating he should sit down on the apron once again. Lex then shifted him so that his ass was close to the front edge of the seat so that he was in a semi-reclined position. He then proceeded to tie Liam's ankles to the front legs of the chair and his wrists to the rear legs. As Liam had shown him, he finished the bindings with a slip knot that either could easily remove when or if it was needed. 

Liam wondered where this was going. When Lex had him secured, he kissed him. "I'm still in control and can do with you what I wish?"

"Yes, Sir." No hesitation. Lex smiled as he leaned down a bit and sucked on one of Liam's nipples then moved to the other. He was pleased to see Liam's cock hardening with the attention. 

Lex reached down with one hand fondling his new lover's cock and balls while sucking on one nipple and playing with the other. He switched hands as his mouth switched from one nipple to the other. When he saw that Liam's cock was fully engorged, he slipped an elastic cock ring in place, "I want this to remain nice and hard for a bit."

Liam gasped in surprise when the cock ring was put into place, then moaned long and deep as Lex's mouth descended on his cock. Neither of their wives had ever in years of marriage mastered the art of a good blowjob. Lex was quickly rewarded with sweet precum from the cock trapped in his mouth. 

Reaching below the chair, and out of Liam's field of vision, Lex scooped a bit of the butter and discreetly applied it to his own ass. First he rubbed it around and over his puckered hole. He winced just briefly as he inserted first one finger and then two into his ass. It was still just a bit tender from the night before like Liam's. As he moaned on Liam's cock, he felt the cock throb in his mouth. 

Liam's eyes popped open as Lex's mouth came off his cock. Was that it, he was just going to be teased? That was the reward? His empty fear was quickly vaporized as he looked into his friend's smiling face as his hand wrapped around his cock and began striking it with butter. 

"I thought I'd reward you with letting you feel just how good the butter feels on your cock," he told a half truth. Liam gasped and moaned as he knew he would from the sensation. His experience from before breakfast told him that it felt incredible. Standing, he sat on Liam's thighs with his feet on the outside of the chair on the floor. Their hard cocks would have been touching had it not been for the hand stroking and lubricating Liam's cock with butter. 

"I'm going to slip your cock into my ass now, Liam," Lex said as their lips parted once again. "Unlike the time last night, though, I'll be in control of the action."

"Yes, Sir," Liam responded. He looked into the eyes of this man straddling his thighs. He HAD gotten his turn at fucking Lex's ass the night before. It had been his first time fucking another man and it had felt very good thrusting into his tight passage. So warm, so tight. The thought of being taken, not being in control during this act, he knew, could be a hot experience as well. 

Lex rose up and as promised, positioned Liam's lubed cockhead against his lubed puckered hole. Lowering himself slightly, he relaxed his muscles and let the hard intruder start to enter him. They gasped and moaned as the head popped through the outer ring and then the inner. Slowly, Lex allowed the buttered cock to enter him until he it buried balls deep in his ass. He rocked himself on Liam's cock, his own hard cock pressing against Liam and his precum leaving a trail across his abdomen and chest. 

"Mmmm.... The butter feels good either way. Thank you, Sir" Liam stated as Lex leaned in to kiss him once again. 

"Yes, I'll definitely have to agree with you," Lex responded as he ground his hips on Liam's thighs before sliding up and down just slightly to enjoy the sensation in his ass. He loved topping. There was no doubt about that. But the hard cock in his ass, feeling the drag of the head as he rose up... He knew from last night that he also enjoyed having his own ass stretched a bit, and feeling it filled with cum was very hot too. But what was turning him on the most right now was being in control of his ass being fucked. 

Liam groaned as Lex lowered his ass completely on his hard cock again and ground his ass in small slow circles. His cock swelled harder each time Lex did this. Clearly they were both enjoying it as Lex's cock swelled and leaked more precum each time as well. Liam enjoyed the fucking he'd given last night and definitely the fucking he'd received last night and this morning. And now that he was bound and having his cock ridden with the plug in his ass... He knew for a fact he was bi and versatile and happy to be both. 

Lex leaned forward so his cock was rubbing agains Liam's stomach and chest more as he rode his cock. As he did, he kissed Liam and breathlessly said, "Now that my cock is being rubbed against you, I might just cum soon. I don't want you to cum yet, though. Can you hold out a bit longer?"

"Mmm... Fuck! You're driving me crazy with that tight sexy ass of yours, dammit! I'll try my hardest, Sir."

With that, Lex began slowly riding Liam's cock while rubbing his own between their bodies, precum making it slide easily between them. Once he found the right stride, he began increasing the pace, his breathing becoming heavier as if he were running a marathon. Though the angle was different now and his prostate being rubbed a little less, the sensations of the cock filling his ass and sliding in and out, and of his own cock rubbing against Liam's stomach, had him quickly approaching the edge of no return. He was going to cum soon - and hard. 

"Aaaaaggggh!" Lex ground down on Liam's cock one last time as his cock erupted spewing cum all across Liam's chest. Liam felt the spasms through Lex's ass to his own cock and grit his teeth trying hard to hold back his own ejaculation. 

Lex rubbed his cum around each of Liam's nipples then leaned forward to suck each clean, then scooped some onto his fingers and placed them in Liam's mouth for him to taste. He then repeated the process a few more times as he made slow circles on Liam's cock that was begging to explode. 

"Please, Sir. Please let me cum." Liam pleaded as he fought for control. 

"I'm going to untie your hands. I want you to keep them on the legs of the chair until I tell you otherwise. Then I'll tell you when to cum. Yes, very soon." He lifted a last scoop of cum to Liam's lips, coating them. As he kissed him once again, he reached down and untied his wrists as he said he would. 

Liam did as instructed and held onto the legs of the chair. Lex sat back up, the position causing Liam's cock to rub his prostate more directly once again. After a few slow strokes nearly the full length, he increased the pace. Through gritted his teeth, "Cum! NOW!!" he exclaimed. 

"Aaaaagh!" Liam exclaimed as he was finally allowed the release he had been holding back so hard. He felt like his cock was literally exploding with the force at which his cum shot out of his cock. 

Lex used his ass muscles to coax as much of Liam's cum out of his cock and into his ass as he could. Seeing Liam's expression and hearing his release made him admire the man, his lover, that much more. He wasn't sure about the Dom/sub thing, but this idea had certainly worked to both their satisfactions. 

As Liam's cock stopped twitching and began to soften, Lex leaned forward once again, kissing Liam softly, their tongues doing a slow waltz as they both came down from their orgasmic highs. "I have a request for you that you don't have to do if it doesn't interest you..."

"Yes, Sir...?" Liam responded quizzically. 

"Before you pop out of my ass, I'd like to try holding your cum in, bend over the table, and..."

"...and have me lick your ass clean, Sir?" Liam finished for him as Lex hesitated, blushing a bit. Lex nodded sheepishly and started to open his mouth to say something. Liam kissed him quickly before he could. 

Looking into his eyes, Liam implored, "Please stand and turn around, Sir."

Lex clenched his ass muscles as best he could, stood and turned to bend over the table as his fevered mind and lust had proposed he do. He was surprised Liam was agreeing to it, but excited as well. 

There had been a few women in Liam's sex life over the years who had enjoyed his eating their creampies after sex. Some of them had loved it so much that they'd actually requested it often. A much smaller number had allowed him to penetrate their asses. None of those had ever had the courage or perhaps the desire to ask him to eat those anal creampies. 

As Liam watch Lex lean forward on the table, then reach back to spread his cheeks revealing his slightly gaping and creamy hole, he licked his lips hungrily. Another first for the weekend. Without hesitation, he placed his hands on Lex's thighs, leaned forward and ran his tongue from the base of Lex's balls, up his crack to his freshly fucked "ass pussy" (he finally recognized the phrase fondly) and scooped out what was already starting to leak out. 

Lex felt the goose bumps rise on his legs and crawl upwards over his ass and up his spine to his neck as Liam placed his hands on his thighs. He couldn't believe he's actually asked for this. He REALLY couldn't believe Liam was about to do this. He shuddered and then moaned as Liam's tongue traced a path from his balls to his asshole then scooped the cum from it. 

There wasn't the usual taste of pussy juice and cum in this creampie. It certainly had a hint of an earthy undertone and something else... Liam grinned as he remembered they'd used butter as lube. Different. Decadent. Kinda... Tasty. 

Liam reached up to spread Lex's cheeks a bit more, causing his ass to open a bit more. He could then reach his tongue in a bit to scoop his cum from Lex's ass more easily. Swirling his tongue as best he could both inside and out kept Lex moaning and twitching as he accomplished his task of cleaning up after himself. 

Finally satisfied with his "breakfast dessert," Liam placed a kiss on each cheek before sitting back in the chair. Lex let out a slow sigh before standing and turning, then kneeling to finish untying Liam from the chair. As he did, he wrapped his mouth around Liam's cock and sucked it quickly clean of its cum and butter coating. 

"Guess we better grab our showers before we hit the trail," said Lex. 

"Yes, though I'm not sure I'll be able to hike as far as we'd planned after last night and this morning," Liam responded. 

"We may have to make some 'rest stops' along the way," Lex winked playfully. 

"But let's make it one shower," Liam said as he took the other man in his arms in a warm and sensual embrace that ended with their mouths merged into one and their tongues playfully dancing. 

Since it was still relatively early, they each texted their wives good morning, saying they'd overslept a bit after being up "talking" late and that they'd soon be on the trail. 

Neither of the men would ever be able to explain this weekend or the true bond growing between them should their wives ever become suspicious or, God forbid, actually catch them together in some way. Both knew, though, that what was happening this weekend was something they'd both desired and needed. Both now also knew they were indeed bisexual and that there was no turning back from that fact. 

With those thoughts in their minds, they headed to the shower.