 Author's Note: I was challenged in a way to create this story line. Please bear with me as this is solely based on imagination, no actual experience. As yet, anyway. 

*****

Their First Weekend

Chapter 1

He slipped out of the bed as quietly as he could so as to not awaken his new lover who was sleeping peacefully. After the night of sex they'd had, he was surprised he was already awake. He was a bit sore in places and had a few stiff muscles, but was actually looking forward to starting the day. 

Foregoing clothes, he slipped out of the bedroom of the small cabin they'd decided to rent, shutting the door gently behind him. He stopped briefly in the bathroom for the usual morning stop and to wash off at the sink some of last night's evidence still clinging to his skin. 

In the kitchen, he donned an apron cut up some fresh fruit, mixed some pancake batter, and put on the coffee. Playing it safe, he made a few at a time, placing the plain ones in one stack on the plate, blueberry ones in another, and strawberry in the final stack. 

He had a smile on his face as he cooked. In his head he was replaying the night's activities from the time they'd arrived until he woke this morning. It had been their first night together and had also involved firsts for each of them as they explored each other's bodies, discussed their desires, and acted on those which turned the other on the most. 

From their first nervous and slightly awkward kiss to the final orgasms that left them panting, exhausted, and quickly drifting off to sleep; it had been wonderful. It had been all that he'd hoped for - and more. His only regret was that they hadn't managed to do this much sooner during the nearly four years since they first met. 

He was surprised he didn't jump out of his skin as his lover slipped up behind him, the pair of hands gently grabbing his shoulders, those lips gently kissing his neck just below the ear. Instead of his heart leaping from his chest, it just pumped blood to all parts of his body, making him feel warm and wanted all over. 

"Good morning."

"Good morning. Sleep well?"

"Once I finally went to sleep, yes I did." The lips grazed his ear. "You?"

"Better than I have in awhile. I hope my snoring didn't cause you to wake any during the night."

"Not that I recall. And you managed to get in here before me this morning. It looks and smells delicious."

As he placed the last pancakes on the plate and turned off the stove, his lover's hands trailed down his back, around his sides, and up to his chest. More kisses were planted on the other side of his neck and other ear as his lover's fingers tweaked and massaged his hardening nipples. 

"Mmmm..."

"I hate to ask, but could we reheat those in a few minutes?" Obviously, there would be more fun before breakfast. 

"I'd warmed the oven in case you weren't awake in time..." He backed against his lover as he opened the oven and placed the plate of pancakes in for the time being. 

"I see you're still wearing the collar you were showing me last night. Does that mean you're still 'playing the submissive' this morning?" As the last few words were uttered, one of the hands had traced a line from his nipple down til it grabbed his stirring cock. 

"Ooooh... Well, I guess what you've just found kinda gives me a way, doesn't it?"

"Yes it does. And though I know we're both hungry, I think we're both HUNGRY as well." The fingers on his one nipple squeezed down like a clamp and the other tightened on his balls to stress that second "hungry."

"Mmmm... Aaaah... Yesss..." was all he could muster as he rocked up on his toes from the intense sensations. 

The grips tightened... "Yes, what?"

He gasped again. "Yes, M..."

-----------------

Their First Weekend

Chapter 2

He gasped again. "Yes, Master." 

The words surprised his own ears as they came out. Last night had been his first time with another man, and though he'd offered to play the more submissive role, to even do so while wearing the collar for his new, and first male, lover; even he wasn't sure he was ready for that even bigger step. 

"Hmmmm... I think Sir is fine for now. I'm not sure that either of us is ready for that level just yet." He leaned his head forward, kissing his sub's neck, knowing his bearded lips would tickle and arouse him at the same time. 

"Yes, thank you, Sir." He felt his cock swell in the hand firmly gripping it and his balls as the goosebumps jumped out from the kisses on his neck. The other hand had snaked around him to his ass, toying with the plug that he'd re-inserted before starting breakfast. 

"I think this may get in the way," his lover breathed in his ear as he began tugging the plug ever so slowly from his ass. As he did, his other hand broke grip from the warm cock and balls, and dipped into the tub of butter. "This should work nicely... Place your hands on the counter on either side of the stove and spread your feet a bit."

He could feel the warmth of the stove in front of him as he placed his hands on the counter and spread his legs. He could also feel his skin blushing as he thought about what was about to happen. "Yes, Sir." The sound of the butter stroking the hard cock behind him had him glancing over his shoulder in anticipation. Then he moaned as the buttered fingers easily penetrated his slightly gaping ass. He was still a bit sore from the night before, but the butter felt soothing and only increased his desire to be used again. 

As he stroked his cock with the butter, he marveled at how easily this role was becoming. While he wasn't sure if was going to always be this way, it was certainly turning him on. His cock was rock hard. As the hips pushed back against his fingers, Lex knew that Liam was ready and truly wanted to be fucked again. Satisfied with his lubrication, Lex removed his fingers and quickly aligned his engorged mushroom head with the now gaping hole before him. 

Liam felt a brief moment of emptiness as Lex's fingers left his ass and brief start of a groan became a moan as Lex's cock head pressed against and then popped past his outer ring of muscles. Relaxing, he welcomed the hard shaft as it slowly eased into him. When he felt his hips and trimmed pubes against his ass cheeks, he knew that he was full and sighed with satisfaction. 

"You're not too sore from last night, then?" Lex asked him as he nibbled on an hear, his breath tickling Liam's nerves. 

"No, Sir. Just go a bit slowly at first, please?" Liam responded as he pushed his ass back against the hips pressed against him, gyrating his hips. Lex couldn't help but moan at the act as it worked his cock. 

Lex slowly pulled his cock back until the head was all that was left in Liam's ass, then slowly pushed it back in until his balls were pressed against Liam's. They both moaned as their smooth shaven sacks made contact. Liam pressed back against Lex, gyrating his hips again. They each repeated this process several more times as they slowly established their rhythm. 

Now that they had a slow but steady rhythm going, Lex released Liam's hips so he could untie the apron cords, letting it drop to the floor in front of them. He then slipped his hands up Liam's sides and around so that he could play with his lover's nipples. As their balls came together again, he gave the nipples a tug. They both moaned as Liam ground back extra hard, then rocked his hips forward and back in several quick gyrations. 

As the tempo increased, Lex scooped the precum dripping from Liam's semi-erect cock and fed it to him. Leaning in, he kissed his way up his neck to his ear. "Don't cum when I do and maybe I'll give you a reward."

"Yes, Sir. But please cum soon? Ooooh!" Liam gasped as Lex squeezed his cock and balls and ran his tongue around his ear. NOT cumming might be a bit of a challenge...

Lex thrusted harder, deeper and faster for the next minute or so. He then grabbed Liam's hips, plunged deeply and held him tight as he groaned loudly, spilling his seed deep within Liam's bowels. There was a puddle of precum on the discarded apron, but Liam had managed somehow not to cum from the intense fucking he'd just received. 

Lex squeezed Liam's ass cheeks together as he withdrew his cum- and butter-covered cock. Grabbing the butt plug, he pressed it into the open, used ass in front of him. "Don't want to make a mess. And you want to keep that in there, don't you?"

"Yes, Sir." With that, Liam turned around, kissed Lex deeply, hungrily. Before Lex had a chance to react, Liam had dropped to his knees and had his spent cock in his mouth. 

"What...?"

"Sorry, Sir. I assumed you'd want your cock cleaned before breakfast?"

"Yeeesss... Good boy." Looking down, he couldn't argue. Besides the butter and cum, his cock looked otherwise clean. The sight of Liam licking and sucking it certainly put any thoughts of stopping him completely out of his mind. 

"Is that good enough, Sir?" Lex was pulled from his reverie as Liam rose from his task. 

Glancing down at his now glistening clean cock, "Yes, definitely. Let's eat. Get the pancakes and I'll grab the coffee."

"Yes, SIR," Liam smiled at the satisfied look in Lex's eyes. Before he could turn to retrieve the pancakes, Lex grabbed him, pulling him back to him and kissed him deeply, his tongue exploring his mouth. Liam tasted like butter and cum with a hint of earthy undertones. 

Liam was surprised, but accepted and returned the kiss. He smiled with perhaps a bit of embarrassment as Lex said, "And you certainly have earned your reward after we eat."

The two sat at the table, one perhaps a little more gingerly than the other, and enjoyed their pancakes and coffee together. The spoke about what they had planned for the day for the most part, though the events of both the morning and night before played through both their minds.