 Well here it goes my second story. First a little background to set the picture for all my horny friends. I m 26 years old 6'2" 200lbs and have a nice thick cock. I have a cute face and a very nice body, your "all American" look I guess. I recently published First time oral slut and got the itch to write again. I consider myself mostly "straight" and haven't done to much man to man action; but this was too good not to share. This is an absolute true story which occurred a few days ago.

Well I got the urge again. This happens all the time and usually goes away after a few sessions of jerking off to blowjob videos. But this time was different my urges got bigger and bigger and I got hornier and hornier. So I put on a pair of pink panties with light green flowers and headed out to the city. I finally decided to check out the adult movie theater so I could just "look around." Little did I know what I was getting my self into.

Upon arriving, I parked my car and walked past the front door a few times. The outside was nothing special, a building attached to others with blacked out doors and a ripped awnings with the words A*** theater attached to it.  After 3 or 4 times passing the door I finally decided it was now or never. So I pulled the lid of my hat down and went in.

Once inside, the place smelled bad and there were papers all over the floor. It looked like a seedy place from the 70's. The front of this place had a small movie DVD section and a filthy staircase leading upstairs. After mulling around for a few minutes I paid the clerk $8.00 and proceeded to go up the stairs. I passed a few booths on the way and took a left up another set of stairs. As I went up it was getting darker and darker and the bulge in my pants was getting bigger and bigger.

When I got to the top I saw a large dirty movie screen playing some straight porn and seats set up like any other theater. I immediately sat down and watched the screen. As I started to look around I noticed there were only men in here and most were standing towards the rear of the place. I was watching these men closely and noticed most of the men were older and gross looking trolls. The entire place was seedy and completely past its glory. I started to feel sluty just being there.

After awhile one man came to my row and sat 2 seats over from me. I think he was waiting for me to make a move but I wasn't ready to do anything; I told myself I was only there to look around. Besides this man was a troll. After 15 minutes I got board and got up to stand at the back of the place.

When I got up I noticed there was an upstairs balcony to this place so I decided to check out what was happening up there. I saw stairs which led upstairs and proceeded to walk to the staircase. When I got to the corner where the bottom of these stairs were, I noticed a black man standing about 3 steps up and he was slowly jerking off. I stopped cool in my tracks and just looked at him. My cock got hard and my legs weak. Again I told myself I'm here only to look around.

I composed myself and walked past him trying to get upstairs. About half way up I noticed it was blocked off, so I had walked past this man again. I finally settled about 20 feet away for this black man and turned so I could see him jerking off. A little about this man to paint the picture. I think he was about 25-30 years old and he was tall and had a solid body. His skin was very dark and I guess he looked a little rough.

After 10 minutes of watching him my urges became very powerful and my "only here to watch" theory was slowly drifting away. I decided to walk past him again, only this time he reached out and rubbed my cock. I stood there frozen unable to move, unable to take my eyes off his cock unable think. He undid my belt and pulled my fly open revealing my pretty pink panties. I instinctively reached out and grabbed a hold of his cock. No longer was I there just to look I was now there to be a slut. We were on the steps and in the darkest corner of this seedy, sleazy, disgusting place and I had my hands all over this black mans cock; my first black mans cock.

As I touched his cock I couldn't believe how thick it was. This cock was about 9 inches long and very thick. I started to squeeze and jerk his cock and touched the cock head with my other hand. The precum was flowing from his cock head and I was rubbing it all over my hands. I now told myself I was only going to touch him, nothing more. As I did this he started to talk to me in a low hush authoritative tone. He was telling me I was a good slut and said I liked being in this dirty place giving pleasure to a big black man. I moaned and squeezed ever herded. He put his hands on my head and started to push me down to my knees. I tried to resist at first reminding myself only touch, only touch.

However, my cock was telling me something different. And as always my cock won out. I got on my knees and looked over to see a few guys were standing around watching me acting like a slut and a white whore for this black man. Once I got on my knees this man kept calling me his "little cocksucking slut" and pushed his cock into my face. As I was still holding his cock I started to rub it all over my checks and lips. He kept pushing forward and used his hands on the back of my head pushing my head towards him. I opened up and tasted my first black cock. So much for "only touching" I thought. His black cock was so thick I couldn't fit it in my mouth at first so I started to lick his cock from the base up to his shaft and finally all around his head. He started calling me a "nigger lover" and "dirty white boy" and finally popped his cock into my mouth. I looked over to see the other men now jerking off watching me suck this man off. The thought of people watching me behave like a dirty filthy cocksucking slut got me so hard I started to suck his cock deep and hard. I could only fit the head and a few inches into my mouth so I started to jerk his manhood off at the same time. 

After sucking this black cock for about 5 minutes I could feel him tense up and he started to moan and grunt and proceeded to blast a warm salty load of cum into my mouth. I could feel his cum hit the back of my mouth and I started to jerk him off even faster. After the first shoot he pulled out and started to blast and few more huge shoots of his cum all over my face. The whole time he was cumming I continued to jerk him off and milk out every last drop of cum from deep inside his hairy balls. After the fifth or sixth blast I could feel my own cock twitch and I starter to cum inside my panties; without even touching my cock I came from what I was doing and what he was doing to my beautiful face.

When this black man was finally done cumming all over my face he zipped up and left, leaving me kneeling in the drops of cum, which fell to the floor of this sleazy place. I could feel his cum dripping from my face and could feel the first load in my mouth slowly leaking into my stomach. At the same time I looked up and the other guys slowly started to disappear except this one ugly old fat troll still jerking off. I could only image what I looked like to this man. Here I am on my knees in a seedy adult movie theater, face drenched in cum from a black man and wearing cum soaked panties. As I looked at this man he started to walk over to me and I wasn't sure what to do. So I just stayed where I was and didn't move, I couldn't move. As he got close to me he started to jerk off very fast right next to my face. I was amazed at how nice looking his cock looked considering how gross he was. His cock was very hairy and about 6 inches long. He asked me if I "liked being such a filthy little whore" and started to shoot his cum all over my already cum soaked face. I closed my eyes and could feel shot after shot hit me on my chin and mouth. When he finally left I got up and headed for the door. In my haste I forgot to go to the bathroom and clean myself off. As I got downstairs I could see everyone looking and me and laughing.  

Once I got to my car I saw myself in the mirror, cum all over my face and shirt and just started to jerk off. I called myself a cock sucking cum dumpster slut and came in my panties again. 

I hope you liked reading about what I did and hope you all leave me a comment. 