 Since I have already began to tell about my past, I guess I should continue to tell the story. Especially since I have now set out to relieve some of these experiences. Thinking back, I now realize that the early eighties were a bit like the old wild west: No rules. I did these things just before anyone had heard of AIDS, so today I would never dream of unprotected sex. Then it was a different story.

The following spring/summer, from my first experience, found me living on my own the small town I grew up in. I was still working in Dayton and my commute took me through downtown Dayton. One day on my drive I made a mental note of a couple of Adult book stores. Once again I was alone, as Michelle and I had broken up shortly after I got my apartment. Since I lived in a small town, the only choice for adult mags was the local drive thru. So when I saw the bookstores I thought I had found a haven.

Finally, I got the nerve to go in one at lunch. Stepping in, I didn't know what to expect or what I was expecting. It was smaller than I thought. Right inside the door was the cash register with a nondescript older man behind the counter. The two of the walls were covered with all sorts of sex toys, the other held magazines. There were some shelves that held video tapes, vhs and Beta. They seemed pricey, so I looked at the magazines, keeping from making eye contact with the two others in the store. Then one of them went the the register and got five dollars in quarters. I thought that was strange, but then he walked to the back of the store and went through the curtain. 

Now I was so naive about the stores, I really had no idea about the video booths. But as he went through I noticed the sign that read twenty-five cent movies through the curtain. That made me curious, and I made a mental note to go back next time as my lunch hour was just about over. I decided to pick up some magazine featuring lesbians and left.

Midway through the next week I went back determined to check out the video booths. I waited until after work and went to the same store. I got my quarters and headed back. As you stepped in the was a row of four booths that ran straight along the left side wall. To the right there was two rows of 4 across from each other. Later I found the was another set of four on the other side of the one away from the wall. 

I choose a booth at random and went through the door. I locked it behind me and put a few quarters in. The channel was on a gay movie. The volume was so loud, I immediately changed channels. I think there were five or six. One had a woman getting it from two guys. Another had a guy with two women. One featured two lesbians and the others had gay sex. I was so self conscious that I made sure I stayed away from the gay channels, even though my curiosity was peaked. I thought about the previous summer and my experiences with Jim. Soon I had myself so worked up I decided to leave, but not before I picked up a couple of magazines. 

Once home, I quickly stripped and thumbed the magazines. I think one was either Chic or Club and the other was one of those that features letters written by the readers. Basically the early version of Literotica. Anyways I found myself lost in the stories. Naturally, for me at least at the time, I went straight into the lesbian stories but soon I was reading the gay stories. The problem was same as before, I wasn't gay but I couldn't stop reading about guys sucking each other and having hot sex sessions. I found myself after a few days wanting to do those things myself. 

Not knowing what to do or how to approach a guy I decided to pick up a swinger magazine. Then I decided to go back to the adult bookstore to get it. First I wanted to see the movies again. This time, I had change and went straight into the back. Once again I picked a booth at random. Soon I was watching two guys feeding their huge cocks to another guy. My own cock was so incredibly hard, but I didn't dare pull it out to jack off. What if I got caught? Then I heard a voice. Puzzled I looked around then I saw it. A hole in the side of the booth. I was in the end booth, so there was only one glory hole. Of course at that time I had no idea of what it was. "What?"

"You want a blowjob" came a masculine voice. Scared I immediately left the booth and store. 

Then when I got home I was kicking myself. What was I after? Sex, and since I was striking out with the ladies, who was left. I mean here I was reading the stories over and over about men being with men, remembering my own past. Still, I just couldn't make myself go back. 

Finally I did go back, this time to the same booth as before. I was wearing shorts and a t-shirt, as I figured if I was asked again, I could get them down and up quickly. But this time there was no one asking me. The next day at work I took my shorts with me and changed after work determined to go back. This time jackpot.

"Wanna a blow job?"

"Sure" and my shorts were down. He instructed me to put in a few quarters, so the movie didn't stop and put my cock through the hole. Here I was in some dark booth in downtown Dayton and some guy I didn't know was giving me a great blow job. He obviously did it a lot as his tongue and mouth did a number on me. The movie I was playing was one showing some guy blowing a guy and really getting into it. The combination of this strangers skills and the movie soon had me blowing my load in his mouth. Quickly I withdrew and pulled my shorts up.

"Payback?" he said as he pushed his cock through. Like a deer caught in the headlights I just stared at it. He was probably the same size as me, 7", but I couldn't do it.

"Sorry", I said and I left. I felt bad about not returning the favor and all night wondered about what it would be like. The next day at lunch I decided to go back to get that swingers magazine, soon I found myself another booth getting blown by another man.

This guy wasn't as skilled as the first, but man it was nice. Two blow jobs in a week wasn't something I was used to. Once I climaxed I again dressed and once again a cock came through the hole. This one was slightly smaller than mine and the head had precum all over it. He began to withdraw just as I talked myself into sucking it. "Shoot yourself" he said.

"Wait." then he pushed it back into the hole. I touched his manhood, only the third cock besides my own, and began to pump him lightly. Then I put my mouth over his head and sucked lightly, before taking more of him in. Soon I was sucking him like Jim had taught me too, taking him in as far as I could in the booth. It was long before he shot his load in my mouth, a first for me. I remember not really caring for the taste, but I did swallow it. Then I left to go back to work. Completely forgetting the magazine I went there for. Once in my car I saw in my rear view mirror that some of the guys load was on my chin, embarrassed I wiped it off on the way back. I rest of that day was a haze.

I didn't go back the bookstore until that weekend, but it was pretty busy so I didn't go into the booths. I just picked up another couple of magazines. One was that swingers magazine another was one for bi-sexuals. The cover showed two women kissing and it promised all kinds of bisexual stories. It didn't disappoint. The next week, I went to the store again, twice, and again I got my cock sucked and I sucked them off. I was getting hooked.

Finally I decided to look through swinger magazine to find either a woman or a man. Most of the women ads wanted couples or another female. Still I found a couple to answer. I also decided to double my chances and answer two ads from men. 

Once again, I only heard from one individual, a man living in the town next to mine. We met for dinner where he informed me that twice before he had tried to be with another man but had backed out at the last minute. We seemed to hit it off and went to get some beer before heading to his place. Once there we made small talk and I could tell he was going to back out. 

"Do you have any porn?"

"Sure, I got a couple of tapes, why?"

"Put your favorite one on, I want to see it." I got us each another beer while he got the tape. It was the standard porn tape with guys that had horse sized cocks and the women had huge breasts. I waited until about half way through it then made my move.  

I got on my knees in front of where he was sitting and told him to relax. Then I undid his jeans and slid them off, revealing his hard manhood. He started to protest. "Relax, just enjoy it." The I proceeded to give him the best blow job I could. I could tell he was really enjoying my efforts.When I finished him I stood and undid my jeans, but he backed out and asked me to leave. So I went into Dayton, back to the bookstore.

It was a Friday and it didn't take long to get blown and soon I was sucking another cock. Feeling horny, I stayed in the booth. I was rewarded with my first black cock. Somehow sucking his black cock made me hornier than hell. It wasn't that he was so big, he wasn't much bigger than me. I guess it was just the interracial thing. I ended up sucking another one after him before leaving for home.

As I left the booth my last guy stepped out of his too. He told me I should go to Triangle park around ten the next night that there was going to be a lot of fun there. Ill tell you about that next time.