 Jacob reacted quickly like the good little bitch he had trained to be. Licking his lips, he stood quickly stood unbuckling his belt and sliding pants and boxers down his tanned hips. Immediately, he felt a cool breeze graze his backside as Nicolò forced him over the desk, his face roughly pressed down onto the wood table.

Nicolò moved silently behind him. Jacob let out a soft hiss as he felt Nicolò's cock press gently against his ass. The large head of his member caused an immediate feeling of pressure and pleasure. 

"Relax," Nicolò whispered, pressing further as Jacob's ass struggled to accept the entry. He was going in dry, something that Jacob loved and craved. He loved anything that involved being Nicolò 's bottom.

Jacob's breath caught as the head disappeared into his ass and Nicolò 's shaft followed. He could feel it as it slid along his inner walls, the length playing along every nerve ending inside of him. Nicolò wasn't a small man by any means. About eight inches in length, he had a wonderful thickness and length that made Jacob's mouth salivate. As he became fully buried inside, Jacob's body shook with the sense of fullness. Nicolò stayed motionless for a moment, giving him the chance to acclimate to the welcome intrusion and adjust. 

Jacob's breath became easier as his ass relaxed around Nicolò 's thick cock as his aide began to pull back. Burying his head against his arms, he tried to stop the moans escaping his mouth. Each time Nicolò pressed into him, he hit every spot imaginable. The pleasure was so intense, it was becoming painful. Jacob's cock was stiff and throbbing and each of Nicolò 's powerful thrusts sent his precum dribbling down his shaft. He began to thrust wildly, deeper and Jacob's body reacted. 

He could feel his body begin to throb all over, his balls swelling more and more as the man plowed his ass with the expertise of a master. He fought to muffle his screams with his forearms and mask whatever noise he could. His hands wanted to move to his own cock, they wanted to grip and pull at the shaft and add to the feeling of fullness in his ass. He could feel himself getting so close but he had to remain as still as he could. If he didn't, he would scream, yell, in ecstasy. 

Nicolò 's moves became more forceful then, his hips slapping against him as his balls made contact with Jacob's body. He was taking Jacob, topping him. His bronze hands encircled Jacob's waist, almost lifting him from the desk and bringing his ass closer. The better access allowed Nicolò to go just a bit deeper, a bit harder, and Jacob's choked back a screaming moan. 

"There's the spot," Nicolò said breathlessly, his drilling intensifying as the tip of his cock stroked along Jacob's prostate and forced his cock to begin to throb and pulse in the air. He was getting close, almost too close. He couldn't last much longer. Not that it mattered, but he wanted it to go on forever. He longed to have Nicolò 's cock buried in his ass, he dreamed about it.

Finally, it became too much and Jacob bit back a scream as he covered his face and mouth more forcefully. He could feel the cum spew from the head of his cock, coating his thighs. He knew that it would be on the carpet, on his shoes, but he didn't care. His cum, Nicolò 's cum, could probably be found all over the office in various places, some of them seemingly impossible to comprehend. A few more drops wouldn't matter.

His ass tightened and gripped Nicolò 's cock as his orgasm hit, making the younger man moan violently as he forcefully pounded into Jacob's body. Jacob could feel Nicolò 's shaft pulse, his cum spewing inside Jacob like a volcano as he continued to thrust into the deep recesses of his body. He could feel it jump and throb against his inner walls, the sensation adding to the throbbing of his own cock. 

Jacob was gulping air as he felt Nicolò 's cock soften in his ass. The pleasure was overpowering and the experience was almost mind-blowing. He could barely hear Nicolò over his hurried intake of oxygen, noticing that the young aide seemed to be barely winded. His breath was barely audible in the room, the sound calm and collected. Finally Nicolò pulled from Jacob's ass, a plopping, slippery sound accompanying the withdrawal. Jacob felt his face burn with slight embarrassment as he could feel the juices running between his cheeks and down his thighs and balls.

Looking below him, he could see the tax report that he had been avoiding most of the morning and he bit back yet another laugh. He was, indeed, having a hard day at the office after all.