 Now I have reached the point where I stopped giving in to my other side. Why did I stop? Easy, fear of getting aids. But I will admit, I have missed it from time to time.

At the time I had gone to the park for what turned into a gang bang I was running around with a small group of friends. We would usually hang out at a local bar having a good time. The group was very informal, consisting of a few guys and gals, alone or with our wives and/or girlfriends/boyfriends. Now, as I have said before, none of my friends or family knows about my other side. During this time I met my future ex wife, Debbie. At the time she was married to Scott, who was not really part of the group and never tried to fit in. Now I can say that I did not date her until she was divorced but man I wanted too. She had a friend named Amy that was seeing a guy named Dan. Now everyone liked Dan and a few times Dan and I hung out. We found some similar interests in fishing and hiking, along with chasing skirts. Dan is slightly taller than me and always seemed to reel in the girls. 

Once I started seeing Debbie, we would all go out together a lot. We seemed to get along great in those days. But then Amy stopped seeing Dan. Neither talked about it and rarely did you ever see them in the same room. One night Dan and I went drinking. He was completely trashed by the time I decided I should get him home. The drive home proved eventful. Now I didn't drink but maybe three beers, but another buddy had spilled his beer on me. So I was worried when I got caught speeding in a car that wasn't mine. (it was Dans) Seemingly on cue Dan puked as I explain the situation to the cop. Still got a ticket, but no DUI. 

Once I got Dan back to his place I helped him in. I told him he needed a shower and to go to bed. It was then he asked me to keep a secret. Then he dropped a bombshell.

The reason Amy dumped him was she caught him screwing her brother. You could have knocked me over with a feather. Now here I was with someone confessing to me that he was bi, but I couldn't tell him that I was. Then he took off his shirt. I was standing in his living room as he was laughing and trying to get his shoes off. All the while telling me he wanted to show me something. Finally he got them off. I asked if he was good and he replied by dropping his pants.

"You tell me, buddy." I can honestly tell you I was enthralled. His penis was ever bit as big as Jim, my first real male lover. Then he laughed again and said I was the one who needed the shower. Then he moved towards me. I played the part of someone who had no interest to the hilt. All the while wanting to swallow his manhood on the spot. I backed up to the door, where he pinned me.

"I know you want it. Your just like Kenny. I've been watching you." I denied it, of course and tried to leave. But he pressed on. "Okay tell you what. Show me you cock right now. If it ain't hard, I'll let you go."

I couldn't do that of course. My cock was rock hard and I really didn't know what to do. On one hand I wanted it but on the other this was someone who knew all the people I knew. As I worked through it in my mind he backed up. I saw his cock was hard and sticking out.

"Show it to me. Then you can have this." 

I decided to give in, after all he couldn't tell anyone as it would expose him as well. I unzipped my fly to show him my hard on. He only smiled and turned around.

"Come on, let's go."

I undressed and followed him to his bed. Once there he instructed me to lay down as he did opposite to me. Then we sixty nined, which was so fantastic. So much better than my first time doing it with another guy or some of the girls I had done it with.

It didn't take long for us to cum. First I did and I was impressed that he swallowed. Then we moved around on the bed. I didn't mind and I showed him how I could deep throat his manhood. Soon I got my reward as he climaxed deep in my mouth. Afterwards he simply drifted off to sleep and I dressed and left.

I avoided him for a while and neither of us spoke about it the next few times we got together. My relationship with Debbie was taking off and that fall we were engaged to get married early that spring. Dan congratulated me and took me out drinking. This time I was the one who got trashed. 

Once we got back to my place, I invited him in. Once inside I begged him to fuck me like a little bitch. At first he told me to calm down and get some sleep. But I kept at it, telling him to at lest let me suck his cock. Finally he relented and in my apartment's living room he fucked my mouth with his manhood. Gagging me a few times as he stroked in and out. Then he pulled out and blew his wad all over my face. I started to wipe it up, but he told me to stop.

"Now I'm going to fuck you like a bitch." And we went to my bed. He had me lay on my back. Then he propped my legs on his shoulders as he light pumped my cock and fingered my ass. Asking me if I had ever been fucked before. I was so drunk that I told him everything. He just kept working. Then looking straight into my eyes he slid his cock straight into my ass. His cum was drying all over my face while he began to fuck me hard. All the while he looked down smiling, while I moaned my approvement.

Then he stopped, pulled out and had me get on my hands and knees. Then he began again. I ended up cumming all over my sheets. Dan took his sweet time giving me good screwing. Finally he came in my ass.

I don't remember him leaving, but I do remember waking up the next morning naked. My face covered in dry cum and my apartment reeking of sex, while someone was pounding on the door. I put on some shorts. It was Dan. I quickly let him in. I sheepishly asked him what happened the night before. He proceeded to tell me everything, and I mean everything, before he fucked me again. Then he left me alone to ponder the events of the last twenty four hours.

That night I went out with Debbie, we had decided to hold off on any more sex until we were married. I felt guilty about cheating, but I never told her. A few weeks later, I sought Dan out. This time we fucked each other. So the pattern was set, once a month he and I would get together for a sex session. I tell you I never tired of it. We had several adventures that ended with us almost getting caught, but somehow we managed to keep it private.

The night before my wedding, Dan and I spent my bachelor party with buddies at several strip clubs before going to my place to fuck the night and morning away. I have never had as much sex with one person in a weekend, let alone night like that. I blamed my red eyes on a hang over, but truly I was just worn out. We carried on this affair the entire time I was married to Debbie, without her ever knowing.

A few years later as my marriage to Debbie was ending, I decided to end my trips to the other side. I haven't seen Dan like that for almost twenty years. It's been a few years since I last saw him, but recently he called me to see if I wanted to get together. Talk about timing, now hopefully I'm not reading too much between the lines.

The end.