 Victor wanted something more than just a wife. He wanted another companion. A special partner that promised to keep secrets. Victor was alone in his house on a humid Thursday night. His wife and daughter were elsewhere. Victor had welcomed the freedom that fueled his misconduct. He sat alone in his study room and turned on the stereo system. He played some classical music to lighten the mood. He chose Reinhold Gliere's Harp Concerto. It was a sweet and delicate piece that provided some instant relief to the human mind. Victor would normally use his laptop computer for either his present occupation or for streaming movies. This time, the forty-two-year-old man used his laptop to check a certain website that had nothing to do with work or movies.

It was a website that specialized in certain relationships. Relationships that always involved a more intimate chemistry between two strangers. Victor had already created his own account one week ago. But he never specified that he was already married. He just wanted to search for a young man that would keep him satisfied in the bedroom. Anyone between the ages of 18 and 23. It had become a preference that thrilled Victor as he waited for anyone who would be willing to be submissive toward him.

He checked his inbox and found it to be empty. He had sent several invitations to those who resided in the same city. So far, the complete lack of a response almost dulled him in his seat. But he didn't give up. He spent his time searching through random accounts on the website. The young men who showed off their nude bodies in their photographs appeared young and vibrant, perhaps even flexible for their feature presentations.

After reviewing four accounts, he went on to the fifth. He instantly froze. He recognized the young Japanese man on the screen. Kyle, his daughter's boyfriend.

The eighteen-year-old Japanese man had visited Victor's residence several times before. During school days, he usually spent his time doing homework assignments with Danielle, Victor's eighteen-year-old daughter. When summer started, Kyle now had other reasons to meet up with Danielle. Victor already approved of him. He and Danielle had gotten along extremely well. They would become a very adorable couple.

Victor's perspective had changed as soon as he had seen Kyle's nude photo on the website. Victor couldn't believe it. His daughter's own boyfriend had revealed himself in a naughty way. The young man lay on his bed and showed off his bare body with what could have been the camera app on his smartphone. Kyle smiled at the camera as he demonstrated his willingness to share his body with anyone other than a girl. His flirtatious gaze would guarantee an easy attraction from those who yearned for a special treat. Kyle had never mentioned anything about this. In fact, he wouldn't even have a reason to. Kyle, the boyfriend that kept Danielle company, now showed a different persona.

Victor held his breath for a moment. Then, he slowly exhaled through his nostrils. He had never seen Kyle naked before. He couldn't turn away from the screen. Kyle's slender physique drew him in. The erection between Kyle's legs made Victor lick his lip. He slowly tapped his fingers on his desk. He felt amused by what Kyle's secret hobby. He checked Kyle's profile. Two male users had already written positive reviews on his account. The two "Thank You" icons on Kyle's profile meant that he had already become unfaithful to Danielle. Victor should have felt so enraged at the confirmation of betrayal. But it didn't. Instead, he craved this new side of this young man. He wanted to see Kyle naked in person. He wanted everything that his daughter's boyfriend promised to provide, as stated in his profile.

Victor would have sent a direct message to Kyle on the website. He ignored it and decided to surprise him.

* * *

A heat wave had struck many parts of the United States. Everyone living in Southern California would experience an excruciating week filled with high temperatures and high humidity. The last week of July didn't provide any relief to anyone living inland. Those who lived on the coast were considered slightly luckier than everyone else. The city of Ventura didn't necessarily become a victim of the heat. Temperatures remained slightly lower than what was expected in either Los Angeles or Orange County. The citizens were mostly blessed with the cool ocean air that protected them from the inland heat. Victor had lived in the city of Ventura for most of his life. He embraced his home and never wanted to move to a different city. He even felt more fortunate knowing that there were plenty of young men in and around the city who were willing to enjoy his dominant nature.

Victor looked out the window. His two-story house was located on a hillside, which gave him a clear view of the city below. The beach in the distance seemed calm and uninterrupted by the bad side of nature. Beachgoers had brought their belongings and spent their day on the coast. Victor would have gone to the beach as well. Instead, he used his smartphone to send Kyle a text message. He wanted the young man to pay him a visit. He had a surprise waiting for him.

When Kyle confirmed his visit, Victor waited for him. His wife and daughter had already left the house to do their own things. Victor's luck had stayed consistent: neither of the female occupants would know anything about what would happen for the next hour or so.

When Kyle made it to the front door, he rang the bell. Victor opened the door for him. Kyle was his usual self. He ad short black hair and a slim exterior. He wore a white t-shirt and black cargo shorts. He would seem innocent on the outside, but Victor had gained enough experience to see through a sugarcoated façade.

He gave a little smile. "How're you doing today?"

Kyle replied, "I'm doing okay. So what's going on?"

"Like I said, I have a surprise for you. Come on in."

He led Kyle upstairs. Kyle had no questions at first, but when Victor led him into the master bedroom, he finally asked, "Why are we here?"

Victor had no reason to hesitate. "I just made an amazing discovery."

He showed Kyle a picture he had saved on his smartphone. The same one that he had seen on the website.

Kyle immediately widened his eyes. He didn't move for a moment.

Victor brought his smartphone back into his pocket. "I found out that there are two sides of you. One is with my daughter, and one is with other people."

Kyle appeared speechless. He took one step back and uttered, "So...I guess you're mad at me, huh?"

Victor chuckled. "No, not at all."

He shut the door behind him. He and Kyle were now alone in the master bedroom. The windows on the balcony stayed closed. The air conditioner stayed active. Victor started to give the younger man some simple directions.

"Take off your clothes."

Kyle was stunned by his words. "What?"

Victor smiled. "Just do as I say."

Kyle made no attempt to flee the scene. He stood still, like an animal cornered by its predator. He ultimately took off his shirt and his shorts. Victor just watched as Kyle stripped right in front of him. It became a delightful image that further changed his perspective of Danielle's boyfriend. Kyle took everything off of his body without fear. He tossed his shirt, shorts, and boxers aside. He stood naked in front of Victor.

Victor's expectations had been exceeded. Kyle was even better in the nude. His slender exterior, as well as his stiff cock, made it possible for Victor's mental mechanisms to experience a radical shift.

"Oh...you're so beautiful."

Kyle gave a little smile before it quickly disappeared. "Why were you on that website in the first place?"

Victor gave the most reasonable answer. "To find someone just like you."

He stepped closer and grabbed Kyle by the shoulders. Kyle started to shiver in his grip. Victor leaned in and kissed Kyle on the forehead.

He whispered, "Let's see what you're capable of."

He kissed Kyle on the lips. Kyle didn't struggle at all. He just let it happen. Both men kissed each other without interruptions. Neither of them tried to pull away from each other. Victor locked the young naked man in his arms. He had no intention of pushing this beautiful creature away. He wanted him closer than ever. He disregarded Danielle's feelings and settled with his own.

Kyle's skin was warm and smooth. The warmth made Victor kiss him on the neck. He could hear Kyle let out a faint gasp. His authority made Kyle wrap his arms around his neck. They held each other as they acknowledged both of their original motives. Kyle started it and Victor delved deeper into it.

The older white man let go of Kyle and said, "None of this leaves the room."

Kyle nodded. "It's a promise."

That made Victor more determined to initiate his secret purpose. He took off his own clothes and set them aside on the floor. Now, both men stood unclothed as they faced each other.

Victor's erection had been complete. His long hard dick must have been a masterpiece, since Kyle couldn't stop staring at it.

Victor couldn't stop smiling. "Get down on your knees right now."

Kyle obeyed like a shy servant waiting to be used. There would be no indication of him lacking experience. He demonstrated his expertise by grabbing hold of Victor's cock and playing around with it. He stroked with his gentle fingers while kissing the tip. In addition, he licked it with ease. He never gave the impression that he disagreed with Victor's current craving. He went straight into it, giving the older man a valid reason to continue on with his mischief.

Kyle licked the hard cock all over. He didn't stop caressing it. He gave Victor the appropriate stimulation. Victor looked down and caught sight of Kyle's flirtatious stare. It was the same one that he had presented in his account photo.

Victor almost growled. "Put it in."

Kyle obeyed once more. He opened his mouth wide as he shoved Victor's dick deep inside it. Kyle now engaged in a compelling display of his secret skills. Victor let out a slow sigh. He could feel Kyle's warm and moist space engulfing his cock. The young man moved his head forward and backward to keep Victor satisfied.

Victor remembered his own wife doing the same gestures in their bedroom. Kyle, however, provided some serious competition. His naughty act seemed to overshadow the woman's own by just a few notches.

Victor grabbed Kyle by his hair and pushed him deeper into his cock. He could hear Kyle almost choking on the extension.

"Don't fight it. Take it like you usually do."

Kyle grabbed hold of Victor's thighs. Victor pushed his cock deeper into the young man's open mouth. Kyle had to squeeze his eyes shut for the massive intrusion. Victor didn't care for his current struggle. He wanted Kyle to take in what he received. The older man pushed his cock even deeper into Kyle's throat. Kyle groaned despite the infiltration that overwhelmed him from the top.

Victor whispered, "You really are a pro. I like it. Come on, take that dick."

Kyle still couldn't directly communicate. The dick in his mouth underwent a faster pulsing motion. Victor's hips grew faster. He squeezed Kyle's hair even harder. The stirring sensation from within had grown to the point that it was ready to reach its highest level ever.

Victor breathed through his gritted teeth. "Oh, here it comes. Come get a taste of it."

He pushed his cock deep into Kyle's mouth while pulling Kyle's head forward. He felt his juicy imports flooding Kyle's mouth.

"Don't spit it out. Swallow it. Take what I give you. Be who you're supposed to be."

He felt Kyle's tongue swirling all around the big dick that stayed inside. The creamy ingredients must have tasted so scrumptious to someone like him.

Victor finally pulled out of Kyle's mouth. Not a single drop of cum exited from his mouth. Kyle had consumed all of it.

Kyle slowly wiped his lips with the back of his mouth. He acted like an innocent individual as he expressed his gratitude toward his own service. "That was a good dick."

Victor chuckled. "Now it's time for the bottom."

He brought Kyle up to his feet and turned him around. Kyle stayed still, his smile giving the clear signal of his current disposition. From behind, Victor slid the tip of his cock against the young man's butt. As it reached the hole, he held him tight.

"Take this good dick."

Kyle whispered, "Oh, I will."

Victor pushed his cock inside him. Kyle gasped as he shivered Victor's embrace.

"Oh, it's so big!"

Victor didn't stop. "Don't even try to fight it."

The two of them were now connected. Victor's dick was a giant intruder that struck Kyle's lower walls with swift speed. Kyle held on to the older man's arms as he became the young receiver that the latter had yearned for. His black hair almost danced in the air due to the rhythmic pounding. His moaning had reached a higher volume, now that there was nothing to obstruct it.

Kyle sounded like a man amazed by the consequences of his nature. "Oh, fuck me. I want that cock!"

Victor's hips collided with Kyle's buttocks, which produced a loud smacking noise following a rhythmic pattern.

Victor whispered, "You like that, don't you?"

Kyle replied, "Oh, it feels so good."

He turned his head and gave Victor a kiss. Victor could still smell the semen that Kyle had previously consumed in his mouth. But it didn't matter to him. Despite the residue that stayed on Kyle's lips, Victor enjoyed everything that they had done ever since they took off their clothes and participated in their first official affair.

Kyle moaned louder. "Oh, that's a good cock."

A more submissive demeanor had been added to his tone of voice. Victor fully welcomed it. As a matter of fact, he wanted more of this side of Kyle. He had already acknowledged the deceit that Kyle had almost perfected. He used to be an innocent and friendly individual who dated Victor's daughter. But now, he was a servant willing to be used by the one who dominated him. His complete change in terms of behavior had been an important discovery. Victor didn't disapprove of his actions. Instead, he gained an appreciation for the young man's efforts.

Kyle felt like a gentle creature in his embrace. His moaning was a heavenly noise that was welcome in Victor's ears. Victor's thrusts picked up speed. Having his entire dick sliding into the younger man's hole gave him the type of fulfillment that made him forget about his troubles.

Kyle's entire body seemed to move to the rhythm of the older man's movements. "Pleas keep fucking me. I don't want you to stop fucking me!"

Victor whispered, "As you can see, my dick is the best."

He pushed him onto the bed. Even with the dick still inside him, Kyle managed to get in the exact position that the other man had wanted him in. The young man lay flat on his back, giving Victor a valid reason to thrust his cock downward. He was now on top of Kyle. His thrusting caused the bed to produce faint creaking noises. He grabbed Kyle by the arms as he vowed to bring his climax even closer to reality.

He growled. "That's right. Take it like a bitch!"

Kyle squeezed his eyes shut. "Oh, yes! Keep giving me your cock! I want it!"

Victor maximized his adrenaline, so much so that Kyle had to sink his teeth into the mattress. Victor could feel his internal package getting ready for its delivery.

"Fuck, yes! Take it!"

It finally ended. Kyle almost screamed as Victor shoved his dick as deep as he could. He could feel his own thick cum spurting out of his shaft and filling the young man's hole. Victor had the chance to relax as he lay on Kyle's back. His stamina had eased, his natural testosterone given a well-deserved break from the vivacious activity.

Kyle took deep breaths. "I'm loving your cock."

Victor finally pulled out of him and got out of bed. "Incredible, isn't it?"

Kyle still lay on his stomach. He sighed in a more feminine style that suited his part. "Yeah, your dick is the best."

"I can already tell. Get up. Let me take a look at you."

Kyle got out of bed and showed off his nude body. He slowly spun around, revealing the thin trails of Victor's cum sliding down his legs and sticking onto his ass.

Victor couldn't help but feel pleased with the result. "Oh, you look a lot better this way."

Kyle hugged him. "I never expected you, of all people, to find me on that website."

"Now, just think of it as a blessing."

Kyle kissed him gently. "I guess you really like it when there are two sides of me."

"Of course, I do."

* * *

They embraced each other in the shower. They left the warm water on. The droplets drenched their skin and the heat kept them in their comfort zone. Victor wished he could keep Kyle in his arms. The young Japanese man never felt so delicate. Thanks to the website, his daughter's boyfriend had materialized into the exact person that he strived to be with.

Victor pressed his dick against Kyle's butt. It would have ended in the bed, but Victor's mortal instincts had no interest in reaching a conclusion at this time. Victor kept going. He held Kyle tightly as he shoved his dick back inside the latter's hole. Kyle had to press his hands against the wall to avoid losing his balance. Victor's appetite returned. He pushed his cock even deeper inside Kyle than before. He went even further by reaching down with his hand and stroking Kyle's own cock. He gained complete control over Kyle's body once again.

He growled. "Take it in, boy."

Kyle moaned even louder. "Oh, keep fucking me! I love your cock so much!"

Victor's aggressiveness didn't cease. He rammed Kyle's ass while stroking his dick at the same time. Kyle's submissive nature was a delicacy for Victor's five senses. He had rarely met someone who accepted his new role in this house. Victor had always liked Kyle only as Danielle's boyfriend. And this time, the admiration toward this eighteen-year-old man had developed into a more complicated matter. He disregarded his own wife and found Kyle to be a suitable replacement. He wanted more of him than her. She had become more of a fleeting memory when the man who joined him in the shower had special characteristics begging to be driven to their full use.

Victor already had plans for the two of them. He wanted to see Kyle again. He wanted them to indulge in their newly formed secrets. Everything that happened behind closed doors would involve their sensuous interactions. If Kyle did indeed keep a promise, then this would grow into a fantastic stage in both of their lives.

Kyle kept on moaning as the older man thrust his red-hot cock into his hole. "Fuck me as much as you want!"

They were words that assured Victor of their next level. He held Kyle as they climaxed simultaneously. Victor gave more of his internal juices to Kyle's hole just as Kyle's own dick experienced its own eruption. Kyle's semen landed on the floor. Victor's semen stayed inside the man in front of him. The two of them breathed a sigh of relief. Their bodies relaxed as their ejaculations had been complete. The water washed away Kyle's semen and brought it into the drain.

Victor kissed Kyle's neck once more. "Remember...you made a promise."

Kyle giggled. "Don't worry. I'm definitely going to keep it."

They kissed each other as the warm water continued to splash against their bodies.