 Winter break had come and gone we had said goodbye to 1977 and hello to 1978. My winter break was spent in complete and total bliss. I had spent the holidays with Tye being his adoring companion. I catered to his every need and kept his little tiny one-bedroom apartment in immaculate order.

Being a poor college student on break from school I concentrated on putting in extra hours at the sandwich shop that I worked at. But when I wasn't working, I was out playing ball with Tye at whatever rec. center we could play at. Then back to his place where we lived our make-believe life of being a couple.

Again, this was 1978 and living in a gay lifestyle out in the open was something that nobody ever dared to do. At least not in a small town in Texas. In public we were just a couple of guys doing guy things. I was a few months away from my 20th birthday very young and still somewhat naïve about how the world worked. But I wasn't so naïve to know that certain things you kept to yourself.

As I lay there in Tye's arms after one of our sessions my mind started to drift to how it all began. I wondered about Martin my first lover. I wondered how he was and where he was at. I had come to find out later from my grandfather that he had been the one to run him off the farm and away from my world.

He had caught Martin fucking me in one of the supply sheds during that first summer of my sexual awakening. I had just turned 18 and Martin had just taken me a month after that. Months had passed and it was September. I was getting ready to move into the near by city to attend the local University.

Martin had come looking for me and found me cleaning out one of the supply sheds on the farm. One thing led to another and suddenly I had my pants to my ankles, leaning forward holding on to the stack of cotton seed, slightly bent over. Martin had his big fat cock sliding in and out of my hole.

There I was panting and carrying on like some school girl in heat while Martin penetrated and stretched my hole causing me to blow my load all over the bags of seed that I was holding on to. Martin had figured out where my prostate zone was and he knew how to hit it just right causing me to orgasm within seconds of him hitting it.

I remember sitting next to my grandfather's hospital bed as he told me about almost walking in on me and seeing us, how did he put it? He said he walked in on Martin and me, "Having a moment." I just lowered my head because I knew exactly what moment he was referring too.

He said that after that he put it all together. How I had changed over the summer. How I seemed happier and more alive than he had ever seen me. He started noticing the amount of time that I was spending with Martin and he noticed how we looked at each other and behaved when we thought that nobody was looking.

My grandfather knew that I had fallen in love and even though he did not approve of what was happening he knew that if he said anything it ran the risk making things awkward between us or worse. Besides as he said, I was happy and to him that was all that mattered. Later on, after I had gone off to college, he noticed a change in my attitude, he couldn't help to wonder what had happened.

Then his girlfriend, yes, the old guy was quite the player. When his girl let him know that his daughter was dating the young man that worked with him on the farm, he understood what must've happened. My grandfather knew that the young man that she was referring to was Martin.

So, he quickly figured out that I was heartbroken. My grandfather told me how he waited until I moved away to my new town in December. After that he told Martin to pack his shit and get the fuck off the farm. Listening to the old man tell me the story from that hospital bed had me both embarrassed and proud at the same time.

His girlfriend's daughter, Janie, was my best friend up to that point in my very young life. I confided in her with every little detail of my life. Janie always looked out for me ever since I was 13.

It was because of her that I had gotten the courage on how to first, go about confessing my love to Martin. Second, the tutoring on how to prepare myself for the first time that Martin would fuck me. I was every bit a virgin but with Janie's help I would experience my first love and lose my virginity to that love.

Janie was everything to me growing up and in one afternoon she threw it all away when she fucked my man. Even thou I had nothing to do with the betrayal I watched as it happened and I even participated in a small way. I still remember how Martin had her pussy stretched. Then her screams as she came and Martin dumping load after load into her pussy.

Why did I sit there? Why did I hold her hand and comfort her as she struggled with Martins cock impaling her pussy? Why didn't I just run away from the very beginning...

My love for my grandfather was always strong but knowing that he knew about my joy and the pain that I had endured that year just made the bond stronger. The old man never made it out of that hospital. A part of him never left me and he took apart of me with him...

That thought of my grandfather had me wiping away a tear that had escaped me and as I took a deep breath my mind moved on...

Tye had his arm around me as he slept. I loved it when he spooned me especially after we made love. As he lay there his body pressed against mine, I could still feel his cock pressed against my ass. It somehow gave me comfort knowing that even in his sleep his cock was still slightly hard and not completely limp.

My mind started drifting again and it brought me to Casey. I never understood how I truly loved that girl. Even in Tye's arms with his cum barely seeping out of my hole I thought of her and immediately felt love in my heart.

When I first moved from the farm and into my new town Casey was the girl that caught my attention. She was a co-worker of mine from the sandwich shop located on the first floor of my apartment building.

The sandwich shop, yeah, the sandwich shop. The thought of my job and the place where I met Casey was rudely interrupted by the thought of my first job in my new town...

Have you ever had a thought come into your head that is so loathsome, so embarrassing that you let out an uncontrollable groan?? I caught myself from making that sound so not to awaken Tye but the memory of my first job flooded my brain.

Let me explain...

The sandwich shop wasn't my first job when I first arrived. No, my first job was at the local Cineplex, the movie theater. I had to quit that job because of the stupid shit that I got myself into.

I was still hurting from the Martin and Janie fiasco/heartache and my self-esteem was non-existent. I loathed everything about myself. Being betrayed, sitting there and participating in the betrayal, all of those emotions were all over me on a daily basis and I just wanted to die. So, when the manager of the theater started in on me, I caved.

For two weeks this man fucked me every morning before he left for work. He would come over, I would assume the position and he would spend the next 10 minutes humping me with his fat little cock located under his fat stinky belly. Then one day I snapped out of it.

I told him it was over and when he tried to put me in a position of making public everything, meaning everything that he was doing to me I called his bluff. I let him know that two could play that game then reminded him that I didn't have a wife, kids or a management job that I could lose.

Scott, the pukes name, got me to calm down and was even generous enough to help me pay my rent for two months while I looked for another job. He left a $500 check on my table and I never saw him again.

Where was I, ah yes...

The sandwich shop, man I loved that place. It had everything, great coffee, great food and my little Viking princess. Casey was, how do you young people say today? Casey was the shit, da' bomb, the schznick (no clue if I spelled that right). Casey was everything but more important, she was everything that I needed.

Casey was the change to normal that I needed. I was done with the gay shit and I was going to be normal. I was going to have a girlfriend and no more men for me. Her little tight body and her total and complete obedience to me was exactly what the doctor ordered. It didn't take long for me to fall.

I was her first and after that first time we spent as much time as we could rolling around my bed in my tiny little efficiency apartment on the 11th floor. I never knew that being inside her could be so wonderful. But the sex was only part of it, the way she catered to my every need was the best part. It was all very nice because I returned the emotions and the feelings.

But then came Tye. I met Tye about the same time I met Casey. It was very innocent from the beginning. I would play basketball at the local rec. centers in town and Tye was a regular. He was four years older than me but we stood about the same in stature. 

Both 5'10", 165-ish and bodies that were toned from all the running and banging that we did on the court. Growing up on a small farm on the south plains of Texas I had zero experience with black people. I don't mean sexual experience I mean any experience. In the area that I grew up in there just weren't any black people.

But none of that mattered because in the next short months that followed, I was able to erase all that small-town racist shit that had been shoved into my head as child growing up. Tye was a great person, very respectful and full of life. Again, this was the late 70's so most cities in Texas were still dealing with the aftermath of bussing.

Tye and I hit it off but after this one night of playing ball, a very intense game, I gave him a ride home. Turns out I gave him more than a ride home. I gave him the first of what was to be many, many more blowjobs. After that night driving home wondering what had happened to this plan of mine of no more men, I was just a bit confused. To say the least.

That night I didn't have time to think because waiting for me at my apartment was a very pissed off little Viking princess and yep you guessed it. That was the first night for both of us. It was Casey's night to lose her virginity and it was the first time that I had fucked a girl. Woman, girl, you decide, Casey was 18 and I was 19 so looking back now we were just kids.

And here I was laying in Tye's arms, my girl set to come home the next day from her holiday with her grandparents. I felt loved, truly loved and as I started to slowly move my hips I also felt very horny...

I slowly turned around making sure that Tye didn't wake up but now I was in his arms face to face. I slowly started to make my way down. My face passing his chin then his neck. I slowly made my way past his chiseled chest, down past his very defined abs. The lower I went the more I could smell our sex.

We had just gotten home from playing ball and had just showered when Tye fucked me just before we fell asleep. We both had only cum once but we were very tired. The closer I got to his crotch the more I could smell the cum that dribbled out of my ass forming the wet spot where I was just lying.

Finally, I had made it to his cock. His beautiful fat, multilayered colored cock. I loved looking at his cock. I call his cock a Dalmatian cock which always made him laugh. His cock was a dark color with these blotches or spots of light tan color on it. But the head of his cock, oh the head of his cock, that was a deep purple color.

Taking the head of his cock in my mouth caused him to stir. As my tongue slathered all over that wonderful head it felt heavenly. My tongue slathering the head of his cock then I would slide as much of his cock down into my mouth. When his cock was like this, I could actually get it just passed the part of my throat that kicks in my gag reflex.

I enjoyed the few times that I had his cock semi-erect in my mouth. I had the feeling of truly deep throating his cock. But that moment would pass. The more I sucked his cock the thicker it would get. The head swelling to the point that I had to open my mouth wider. The shaft growing and swelling to the point that I lost control of my gag reflex and it would only go so far into my mouth.

I knew that he was waking up because his breathing had changed. By now I was massaging his balls with one hand and stroking the shaft of his cock to match the strokes that my mouth was giving his cock.

"No, no, no baby." I heard that deep velvety voice and I could feel him move and start to reach for me. "Get your ass up here." He let out a deep breath as he pulled me up to him. I loved that feeling of him taking control as he started to roll on top of me. "I don't want your mouth baby, c'mon on open your legs."

I was on my back under him now and with out realizing it my mouth was pouting as I was left to suck on my tongue instead of his wonderful cock. Tye knew that I loved it when he fucked me missionary. He moved between my legs as I started to do as I was told.

"C'mon baby spread your legs and pull them back. That's it baby show me that hole." A rush came over me as he spoke acknowledging that I was behaving as he requested. Knowing that my hole was now in his line of sight. I knew he wouldn't have any issues because the only thing inside of me was what was left of his first load that he dumped into me hours earlier.

"Knee's back, knee's back. Ok baby here you go." The feeling of that fat cock head splitting me open caused me to moan and arch my head back. I grabbed onto his forearms that were on either side of me. I could feel him give me that deep slow push. The shaft of his cock spreading me open until he hits bottom.

Tye didn't like pushing it in pauses, no, Tye liked pushing all the way in until his cock could go no deeper...

His strokes were long and methodical. Then without breaking his rhythm he was sucking my breast. I have these puffy nipples and he loves them. The sensation of his tongue rolling around my nipples and the girth of his cock gliding along the inside walls of my hole were just too much.

My knees were so far back I could feel them pushing down on the mattress on either side of my head. I was folded in half and his thick long cock was fucking me well. I was moaning, groaning, whimpering...I could go on and on with the uncontrollable sounds that were coming out of me.

"You like that dick? Huh, you like that dick?" I could hear his voice and knew what to say. "Oh yes baby, I love your dick baby. I love your dick." My eyes were closed as I moved my head side to side. "Who own's this ass baby? Whose ass is this?" Oh my god he was fucking me so good. "Yours Tye, it's yours." I was gasping for air as he picked up his pace. Then without warning he pulled back.

In an instance his cock was out of me and he was up on his knees. I could feel that my asshole was gaping open and needing that cock back inside. Tye reached down and grabbed my waist and just that fast I was on my knees. Like a couple that were used to each other's dance steps I knew what was expected of me.

I instantly dropped my face and chest flat onto the mattress. I made sure that my knees were apart just wide enough that my asshole was lined up perfectly to the height of his waist and at a perfect angle for his cock to slide into me.

That last part was the most important one because if I got it wrong, I would be in excruciating pain when that cock hit my hole. If my hole was just a bit too high or too low that cock head would still find its way inside but not before causing a sharp painful jab.

Grabbing a fist full of sheets in each hand then wincing and praying that I had my hole just right for his cock. A loud groan/squeal/gasp escaped my mouth as his cock shoved into me. The angle was perfect and just like that he was balls deep inside me.

"That's it little man, that's it, perfect baby." Again, the sound of his voice giving me praise and that cock spreading me open sent me into bliss. Then I braced myself because I knew that I was about to be dick whipped.

The first of what I knew would be many slaps across my nice firm round ass caused me to jump. Tye grabbed onto my waist and started to bare down on me. Another loud slap and again I jumped. Then another slap, this time harder. "You like that baby? You like how I'm fucking you?" Another slap.

By this point my brain was about to explode. The girth of his cock sliding along the inner walls of my hole. I could feel the veins of his cock gliding on the inside of me. Harder and harder he pounded my hole and I was all choked up.

I never knew how long Tye would fuck me. It could be over in a minute or it could take an hour depending on hard up he was feeling. Tonight he was feeling it.

He fucked my for a good long while. So much so that my hole was going numb. He beat my ass so much that it was purple for days. I couldn't take anymore and started begging.

I was crying and my cock was about to blow my first orgasm. I knew that with all the emotions, frustrations and feelings that I had built up inside of me it was going to be big. I finally was able to respond. "Yes Tye...yes I love how you fuck me baby. I...I...do, I do...please babe."

With that I couldn't control myself any longer. I could feel my cock blowing strand after strand of cum onto my stomach and part of my body that wasn't lying flat on the mattress. Just as I thought I was going to pass out I felt Tye blowing his semen into my ass. He pinned his cock deep, deep inside of me.

Strand after strand were hitting deep inside my bowels. I was a mess, I was crying, my body was twitching uncontrollably. But I knew that I had to hold my position until Tye came to his senses. Then just like that he fell off me pulling me into his arms. We were spooning again.

After his cock gave its last twitch, he slowly pulled back sliding that wonderful cock out of me. My asshole was too stretched out and I had no control of it. I couldn't close it if I wanted to. Right on cue I could feel his cum flooding out of my hole and pooling itself between us.

Tye could feel it too because I went from being spooned to being turned around and my face was now buried into his chest. I was spent, we were spent. I looked up at Tye and whispered. "You're an asshole." Tye started giggling at the sound of my voice. "What baby?" Really, I thought to myself, what baby was all he had to say?

"Why do I always get the wet spot? It's your cum." I lay there in a pool of his cum waiting for his response. "Nah see that's where you're wrong. Once it went into your ass it became yours..."

And that was that, I sighed and smiled giving him a gentle kiss. He sighed and laughed then I drifted off as I fell asleep in his arms. Neither of us knew it at that moment but time was running out on us and that's going to be the hardest story to tell...

But right at that moment, at that time, it didn't matter...time stopped.