 Looking back now, if I had known that there was such a thing as bisexuality I would've been able to accept my life a whole lot easier. Instead I was constantly at odds with myself. I was falling in love with the most beautiful young woman I had ever known. Yet here I was...

I love the preparing for my man as much as I love the actual act of being with my man. Knowing that in hours I would be giving control over to a man that knows what he wants is in itself very intoxicating. The shaving, grooming and making sure that every part of my body is just right. Even the uncomfortable cleansing is somewhat erotic.

Checking my hair that it is combed in flattering way, my skin is soft and smooth to the touch, all of it is quite the turn on for me.

It's in those moments I would actually feel free from all the rules and restrictions of the real world. But because I had a beautiful girlfriend I would feel conflicted. It would get to the point that I had to push her out of mind because I didn't want this moment ruined by any distractions.

Meeting Tye that fateful Saturday afternoon months ago at the local rec-center to play ball had been a godsend. I had already decided that I was no longer going to pursue any relationships with any man, ever. After having my heart broken by my first love, Martin, then allowing myself to abused by that scum ex-boss of mine, Scott, I had convinced myself that I needed to forget all that gay shit and just be a normal man. Be in a normal relationship, with a woman.

But I guess Tye was able to see right through all of that and see me for who I really was deep down inside. Over the summer and fall months of being his friend I had grown to appreciate his simple view on life. Of course we had to hide our true feelings from the outside world. In 1977 it wasn't like it is today where a man could show public affection for another man. In those days it was dangerous to even think of such a thing. So no way would you actually act out on our feelings in public.

In the months that passed since that fateful Saturday evening after one of our more intense games he had gotten me alone and allowed my true nature to come out. But later on that night I had also allowed myself to cross the line with a young lady that I had been involved with also over the summer. It was a day that I will never forget, ever.

However today was our day, mine and Tye's day. My girl and her family had gone out of town to be with relatives over the Christmas holiday leaving me at home, alone. Tye had gotten his own place just a month earlier and up until today I had been giving him the discreet blow job here and there. In our roles I was playing the playful tease and he of course the aggressive young man after his prize.

But I had not allowed him to ever come to my apartment. He understood that my apartment was like my gateway to my other life. One that only my girl could be a part of. The reason Tye had finally gotten his little modest one bedroom apartment was because I told him that if he wanted more than I was giving him he had to provide a place where we could both act out our desires for one another. I was ever the little bitch, albeit the loving, little bitch.

As I was checking myself out in the mirror looking myself over I had to admit I looked good. Hair was getting longer, down to my shoulders. The way I combed it gave me that very feminine look. In fact if I had my back turned any straight guy could make the mistake that I was a very hot young lady.

I still had that boyish face that made me look much younger than my ripe old age of nineteen. My skin had a nice tan complication and of course no hair whatsoever on my body. But the turn on for Tye and my ex Martin was of course my nice round, tight ass and long legs.

Now remember this was still the seventies and the one area that I just learned to tame was my pubes. It's a bit embarrassing bringing it up even in the setting of telling my story. I was lucky however because my little Viking princess shared with me her secret of trimming her pubes. I of course told her that I would do it as well so that when she sucked my cock she wouldn't have to fight with the bush of the Serengeti.

Of course she liked it because she found it hot and I was about to find out that Tye also found my trim pubes very hot. Let's be clear I have never been a man with a large cock but it was more than enough for my girl and I was about to find out that Tye was ok with it as well.

I looked good, I thought to myself as I reached over and slipped on one of Tye's t-shirts that I had snagged before I went into the bathroom. I turned my back to the mirror and looked over my shoulder at my reflection. I have to admit my ass was hot. Very nice and round or a bubble butt as you young people say today. The t-shirt came down and just barely covered my ass but it didn't take much effort for the bottom of my ass to peek out from under it.

Tye had been wanting to "hit" my ass for a while. Even now that makes me smile because Tye had a way of saying things all to his self and I loved how he took the simplest terms and somehow made them even simpler. He didn't want to make love to me or fuck me. No, he wanted to, "hit that ass."

Did I mention that Tye was black? If that sort of thing is important to you than there it is. A few years ago a term for the way Tye and the brothers spoke was invented, I think the term is Ebonics. Back in the seventies it was just the way all the brothers spoke.

No what I mean brother man?

Yes I can already hear some of you fags out there start to breath hard. Because Tye is black that means his cock was massive, right? If you don't know let me share this secret with you, that's a myth. But not in Tye's case. My young suitor absolutely had a massive, thick cock.

Again if race and cock size matter to you there it is but he was so much more. Tye was warm, funny, gentle and kind. He wasn't a complicated young man. He knew what he liked and didn't shy away from it. But he was also like me. Hiding a way of life from family, friends and anyone else that came around us.

I wish I could go back in time and tell the young version of me that I was ok, that I was good. That it is possible to love and adore a man and a woman. That you didn't have to choose only one and not the other. At least it was ok for me but I know that sort of thing isn't for everyone.

For example, Martin, my ex and first love of my life, he could never accept the fact that he had feelings for me. When we were alone he was so loving and caring but from time to time I could feel his frustration boilng up inside of him. At times I could feel the disgust that he felt because I was a man or more like a boy, I was only eighteen.

We had a few tense moments in those first few weeks of consummating our relationship that almost tore us apart. I was deeply in love with him but eventually that wasn't enough for him. He would eventually betray me with the only other person that mattered in my life. My best friend in life, Janie, a woman. In one afternoon I lost the love of my life and the only best friend that I ever had up to that point in my young life.

Martin betrayed me because he couldn't see himself with a man. Martin wasn't gay or bisexual. He was a straight young man that was just lonely and confused. I see that today but I was blind to it then.

Then there's Tye, he had to this point in his life, never been with a woman. He wasn't attracted to them. It just wasn't the way he was wired. He would be polite with women and flirt with them but he would never allow himself to cross that line.

Now for Tye and Martin life was really hard sexually speaking. Even though sexually they were on opposite ends of the spectrum. For Tye how do you explain to your family that after so many dates you still did not have a girlfriend? For Martin how do you explain to yourself, much less your family, that you fell in love with a man?

In those days you were either gay or you weren't. It was like a bad Andrew Dice Clay joke, there was no in-between.

Being a black man made it even that much harder. Black men are wired with an even bigger dose of macho bullshit than most men. At least that's my opinion. Martin being Hispanic was also in that same boat as Tye in that regard but he wasn't around his family 24/7 like Tye was.

With Martin he had no clue what he wanted, so he reverted to what was natural to him which led to him betraying me. When I came along he was alone and that led him down the path of being seduced by a vision of what he thought love could be. Eventually he would deny that love because deep down in his soul he was and I'm sure he still is a very straight man to this day.

Tye on the other hand, is the truest definition of being gay. Tye could no more be with a woman than a fish can fly or a bird can swim. Being gay was his true nature. It's the way he was wired until his dying day.

Then there's me, am I gay, am I straight? For the young version of me at that time I had no fucking clue. I would tell myself that I was gay but allowed myself to fall in love with a young woman to cover my gayness.

But that wasn't true because unlike Tye I never, ever felt uncomfortable with my girl or towards myself for being with her. I could hold her, kiss her, and have sex with her. Tye couldn't even hold a girls hand much less any of the other. I could hold my girl and listen to her stories and actually connect with her on many levels.

I could never hurt her because she was my world.

But oh how I adored Tye. With Tye my personality switched. When I was with my girl I was a natural, true alpha male. I was in control and she was at my beckon call. She was a doting girlfriend because I expected that of her and she gladly gave me all the attention that my male ego needed.

But when I was alone with Tye he was the man. It was all about his needs and wants because that's what I wanted it to be. I wanted him to be pleased with me, to acknowledge me for caring for him like I did. Tye had wanted this day for months and he courted me like any young man goes after a young lady and I loved it.

Tye would tell me his stories, his dreams and his desires. When he spoke I found myself with him like my girl was with me. I would hang on his every word and even though I had not completely given myself to him I let him have his occasional blow job to make sure that his need was taken care of.

Now before you allow yourself to make assumptions, I have never had the desire to be a female. Not that there's anything wrong with that. If you are one of the millions of people that feel you were born into the wrong sex I get you. I'm just not one of you. Be you and know that you have much respect from me.

I believe that in today's terms I would've been known as a true submissive, a bottom or worse a fem...that last one I completely dislike. I have never liked any of those labels. Why can't I just be me? Why do I have to have a label?

I was then and even now continue to be one big walking, talking contradiction. Because around Martin and around Tye I would be overcome by a feminine nature that I couldn't stop.

That's how I accidently seduced Martin without even trying. When I was around him my feminine nature fooled him. For him it was as if he was talking to nice, quiet, shy young lady. Which led to some uncomfortable moments for me. 

I didn't like it when he said I was his girl or that my pussy felt good... ugh. But I did like it when he said my ass was nicer than any girl he had ever been with. I hated it when he claimed that I had a tight pussy. I hated that but I allowed him to say it because that's how much I cared for him.

With Tye it was different. He never spoke to me in those terms. When we were in public being boys I was Young Blood. He called me that so much that all of his friends and my friends at the rec-center knew me by that name only. But in private I was David and once I even got a Davey out of him. But there was never a reference in comparing me to a woman.

BAM! BAM! BAM!

"Did you fall in?!" The knock on the door damn near made me piss myself. "Calm down, slow your roll. I'm almost out!" A big smile crossed my face because I knew Tye was anxious for this night to go off. Ok, I'm ready, I would think to myself. As I walked out of the bathroom into Tye's room the lighting hit me right off the bat.

Tye had turned off the overhead light and had candles lit strategically throughout his room. In the corner he had a small lamp with a red kerchief over it giving off a red aura to the side of the room that the bed was on. Tye was gorgeous but that's how I liked my man apparently.

At 5'10" and that lean muscular body he was all man. He was laying on his side on the bed just looking me over. I could feel him checking me out and that was ok because I was checking him out. "C'mon now, stop playing. Turn around." On command I did a nice slow turn making sure to bend over just a bit to allow him to catch a peak at the bottom of my nice round ass.

"Umm... umm... umm... now that is mighty fine, yes sir mighty fine." Tye's words automatically had me blushing but with the dim lighting I'm sure he didn't notice. As I came around it was my turn but I didn't need to give instructions. That was a chiseled body stretched out on that bed with his feet locked together highlighting the muscle tone in those legs.

But right between his legs laying on his thighs as they touched together was that marvelous cock. It was already hard and I instantly started getting butterflies in my stomach. I knew that thing was going to take a patient effort to get it inside me but I knew that once I adjusted to it I was going to let Tye fuck me silly.

I watched as he patted the spot next to him on the bed and I slowly made my way over. Before I could climb on to the bed I would receive my first order. "Nope, take that shirt off. When you're in my bed I don't want you wearing anything as long as you're awake."

I couldn't help but grin with his words and did as I was told. "Yes sir." As I pulled off my shirt and standing in front of him completely naked I could see him smile and I could feel his approval from his gaze. "Is this better?"

With an expressionless look on his face he would just say, "Stop playing and get that fine ass over here little man." The little man comment kind of caught me off guard and as I started to crawl into bed I looked down and I was semi hard at best. You see I don't know why but when I'm with a man I don't really get hard.

Doesn't mean I'm not aroused or turned on because quite the contrary. I was aroused and very turned on. From the time Tye knocked on the bathroom door to this moment as I was climbing onto the bed my cock was drooling pre cum every step of the way.

Crawling into bed I made my way next to him placing my head on his shoulder and rolling on my side pressing my body against him. I slowly moved my leg over him and allowed my foot to gently caress his feet. That was all it took. Tye leaned down and gave me one those wonderful kisses of his.

I loved how full his lips felt and how they just engulfed mine. When he pushed his tongue in my mouth it was as if I had no choice in the matter. I loved how he felt pressing against me, I could feel his power and that drove me insane. Tye wasn't playing around he had been looking forward to this moment for months.

I had been putting him off and putting him off for over the two months. He knew how much I adored him and of course he loved his blowjobs that I gave him from time to time but today he didn't want a blowjob. I knew this and my heart was racing.

The headboard on Tye's bed was almost like a bookshelf with two compartments on either end. He stopped kissing me long enough to slide one of the doors to a compartment open. Tilting my head back watching his hand I could see clearly what he was reaching for. His lubricant.

Now my mind and my heart were starting to lose it. It had been almost a year since I had been penetrated by a cock Tye's size. The one week of self-destruction that I put myself through with a former boss of mine did not count in my mind.

Number one I was basically allowing my ex-boss to rape me as punishment for participating in Martin and Janie's absurd betrayal. Second his cock was smaller than mine so it wasn't anything that I couldn't handle with ease.

Tye's cock was every bit as long as Martin's and maybe just a bit thicker and that's what scared me.

Once he had the lube he got between my legs spreading them apart. Ok, I thought to myself, we're doing this missionary. For the record I love making love in that position it's just so much more intimate. I can see my lovers face and there's so much more kissing. Plus my lover has access to my breasts and I do love that.

"Pull your legs back little man." Again with the little man? Didn't matter I did as I was told spreading myself wide and pulling my knees back until they were almost touching the mattress on either side of me. "That's it, good." I reached down and grabbed a fistful of his bed sheets in each hand because I knew that I was going to have to hold on.

I watched him as he applied a big glob of lube into his three fingers. I was already breathing hard when he reached down and started to slather the lube over my hole. Then a loud gasp escaped my throat as he pushed all three fingers inside me without warning.

My head instantly tilted back as I closed my eyes and grabbed on to the sheets. His fingers were long and all three at once made me wince but almost instantly my hole was allowing itself to stretch open and the three fingers inside of me were lubricating my inner walls well.

My breathing was getting deeper Tye was playing with me know. He was finger fucking me with those wonderful fingers of his stopping only long enough to apply more lube on them. He just kept pushing more and more lube inside of me then he stopped.

My mouth was already gaping open and I looked down to see what he was doing next. Just as I suspected he was starting to slather that big gorgeous cock of his with large amounts of lube. He wasn't lubing up just part of it. No, he was lubricating all of it, all the way back to base where his cock met his body.

I was breathing hard and my lust had long ago taken over my thought process. I was no longer in control and my lust would inform me that I was about to be fucked by that large cock and I had absolutely zero say in the matter. Oh my god, was all I could think as I let my head fall back onto the mattress and try to prepare myself for what was about to happen.

Tye positioned himself between my legs I could feel his knees on either side of my ass as he reached down and lifted my ass up so that he could position the head of the black, tan cock to enter my hole. The purple head of his cock now pressing against my hole.

What happen next let me know that this was most definitely not Martin.

I felt that cock push and instantly I felt a splitting sharp pain start to rip through me. In my mind I told myself that I could handle this because I expected Tye to stop to allow me to adjust to this sensation that was ripping through me.

I was partially right but oh was I also very wrong. Tye grabbed hold of my legs by grabbing them behind the knees pushing my legs wider apart if that was even possible. By doing this he was able to adjust his balance and push deeper.

I let out a scream, then he pushed again, then again only this time harder. I let out another scream. That last push shoved his cock all the way inside me. I knew this because I could feel his balls resting on the bottom of my ass cheeks. My head was flailing side to side. My cries were nothing that I could control.

Then before the pain could even stop he was sliding that thing out of me and my eyes opened wide as I sucked in a huge amount of air through my wide open mouth. Before I could even process what was happening he was shoving back inside me, all the way inside me.
