 Thank you to those who have enjoyed reading my first two entries about my distant past. I have found that I have not lost my lust for the good times I had then. I recently made contact with someone from my past and am now really considering relieving the fun I had with him (if I do I will chronicle it here, if there is any interest. Of course, I will call it Now). Now let me continue where I left off last time. As it was the last event I had before first meeting him or my first wife. Some of this is hazy, but this is how I remember it.

All day Saturday I thought about what my anonymous friend had said about a party at triangle park. Now I knew from the radio that there was a big police and sheriff softball tournament that weekend in Dayton at triangle park. Still I was intrigued and horny as ever. So far this summer I had only had oral sex, I really wanted to get laid. I broke the plans I had made with a couple of buddies to hit the bars that night and went to the park.

I got there about a half hour early. The area around the ball diamonds was packed, especially with cops. I began to think I had made a mistake in coming. I spent the better part of an hour wondering around the diamonds looking for someone I couldn't be sure I would recognize. Still the games were good, so that was a plus. As one ended I decided it was my cue to leave. Just as I got to my car, someone approached me.

"So you came to da party."

"Oh ...... Yeah, I guess. But with all these cops around, I don't know."

"The party ain't down here, fool. You're at the wrong end of the park, white bread. We have about a dozen fellas up there. Gimme a ride to show ya." I found out my new friend went by the name of Caprice. We drove to the north end of the park. Near ridge road, if I remember correctly, and parked near the large restrooms. Near them were a couple of picnic tables that held a small group of men, white and black. This area was well away from the ball games, though you could hear them going on. Except for this group, this area of the park was empty. Caprice explained that we were all look outs for the fun going on in the restroom. He explained we would give a signal when someone outside the group, namely the cops, approached the restroom to give those inside time to hopefully not get busted. The thought of getting busted scared me to death but it didn't dampen my horniness. Then we were smoking some really good pot, drinking a little beer and I was feeling buzzed. All this with over 100 police officers only a minute away. I told Caprice I was going to take a leak. Apparently he took that as his lead. 

Soon I found myself with about eight inches of black cock stuffed in my mouth inside one of the stalls. He kept telling what a good cocksucker I was and how he had told his friends to try me out. I couldn't even really answer him as he was slowly pumping his cock in and out of my mouth. But I will say that at the time it turned me on. Soon I was rewarded with his load in my mouth and on my face. He pulled his wet, shiny manhood from my face and grinning said "Not bad, not bad." Then he stepped back to leave as I began to stand up. But then there was another man there, some white guy. I heard Caprice tell him, "You gotta try this guy." And then I was sucking this guy. 

He had the manners of a pig. He simply used my mouth to jack off with. Grabbing me by the hair he shoved his penis in and out. He fucked my mouth so hard I thought I was going to be hurt by him. Finally he came and let me go. 

I never made it out of the stall before my next session. My mouth was sore from the previous guy, so after a few minutes of blowing my third guy I stopped.

"What the fuck?"

"Sorry I can't"

"Can't my ass, you did those guys."

"I know, but jaw is sore. You got any lube?" That turned out to be a mistake. I ended up getting fucked for seemly forever. First in the stall with this guy. Afterwards in front of the sink by Caprice. Then I ended up on my hands and knees getting screwed on that nasty floor, along with some other guy, before I managed to get back outside. Outside it was finally dark and I finally managed to get my dick sucked. 

Off to one side two guys were going at it pretty hard. When the guy doing the fucking finished his partner yelled "Who's next?" I decided it was me. And for the first time I was about to fuck someone in the ass. Of course it was probably better that he had already been fucked, since I was really high and had no idea how to go slow. I just fed him my entire rod. He felt so good to me and moaned as I began. His asshole was surprising tight considering he had just been fucked. I thought maybe I was just bigger that the guy before me or that he was really lubed up. Soon I was really giving him all that I had. Both of us moaning and groaning as we had sex. Just as I came, Caprice was back saying how he wanted some more of that. I told him I was done, but that wasn't what he meant. He took my hand and led me on, naked except for my shoes.

He took me behind to the restroom. Already there, two guys were double teaming another guy. Caprice led me along, soon he turned me to him and kissed me. I was shocked, this was something I had never done. Sure I had been fucked by guys, sucked their cocks, but I had never kissed them. And here I was naked out in the open. Soon his tongue dance with mine. The whole time his hands played with my ass as our cocks rubbed against each other. Then he told me he wanted me.

He bent me over there right out in the open. Then he proceeded to fuck my ass. He forcefully entered me and was soon was fucking me with wild abandon. Then with a loud moan he shot his load all over my back and ass. Before I could even recover, another guy came over and another cock was in my ass. To this day I have no idea he was, or the next guy. It felt great. I came twice during this gang bang. After the last guy I found myself staggering to the picnic tables, cum running down my legs. 

I sat opened legged with my back to the table and the parking lot. I was finished or so I thought. Then a big guy with a huge dick came up. He wasn't even hard and it was the biggest cock I've ever seen. I was in a daze at this point. He slapped my face with his big black meat before gagging me with it. After he used my mouth to get hard he had me turn around on the bench. Even after all the fucking I had done, his cock stretched me. I only moaned as this man fucked me like a rag doll. As he fucked me, another guy sat on the top of the table front of me. Without thinking I began to blow him. Dazed, I realized I was in my first threesome and I really wasn't in any condition to enjoy it. He shot his load in my mouth and was replace with another cock, as the pounding continued. I remember hearing cheering from the ball games as it went on. My own cock now only hung limp and spent as my gang bang continued. The night went from fun to the need to end it. Soon.

After I finally was able to keep a cock form my mouth I told them I was done. I had to sit for a while to get my legs under me. However a search for my clothes turned up useless. Luckily I had kept my keys and wallet locked in my car. I used my hide a key to unlock my car and retrieved a dirty pair of shorts from the trunk to get me home. They had to be thrown away once I got home and it took me forever to clean the drivers seat.

By the time Monday came around, I realized something was really wrong. It turned out that I had a severe dose of the clap. My doctor was very instant that I tell the person I was with to get treatment. I didn't brother to tell him I that I had no idea who gave it to me or just how many had been with me. Then I heard on the radio that there was a big bust at the same park a few day later. Over a dozen men were caught having sex in the park. The same park is regularly busted today.

Needless to say that ended my trips to the park and to the glory holes. It didn't curb my enthusiasm for sex however. A few months after this I met my first wife and also a man that turned my life upside down.