 I stood at the trough, my cock in my hand, slowly I started to tease my cock, rubbing my fingers over the head and up and down the shaft.

The door opened and in walked this man of around 40 years of age, he was tall and well built, and he wore blue jeans and a white t-shirt.

He approached the trough and stood about a foot away from me.

I smiled and said good morning.

He returned my smile, and also said good morning

My semi hard cock was aching for some action.

After a minute or so I returned to teasing my cock, slowly rubbing it, obvious enough to let him see what I was doing but not blatantly obvious.

He turned his head towards me, I presume to get a better view.

As he turned, I could see that his cock was also semi hard; he then looked at me and said that is a nice big cock you have there.

I smiled at him, and said thanks yours is looking good also.

I turned to face him and started to wank my cock until it was at its full 8 inches.

We both stood facing each other both our cocks growing to there full size.

His cock was a good 7 inches and very thick, my own as I have said was 8 inches and slightly thinner but with still a good girth.

I asked him if he would like me to suck his cock.

Yes, came the reply that would be great.

I took his cock in my hand and lowered my head down so I could taste his hot cock.

I licked the tip of his cock tasting his small drop of pre cum, I licked all around the head of his cock, then down the under side of his long thick shaft. I licked all the way back up to the tip of his cock, opened my mouth and placed my greedy hot eager lips over his thick cock, taking it in as far as my throat would let me.

He stood there with his head looking down at me, his hands on his hips, short whispery sighs and moans escaping from his lips.

I was now sucking up and down his cock; my head bobbing up and down on this thick lovely cock, my throat was becoming more accustomed to the cock it was sucking on, allowing me to take in almost all of the length. I tugged at the top of his jeans, and they slipped down to past his knees, he was wearing no underwear and his clean-shaven balls were exposed to me.

He now hand his hand on top of my head and was starting to slowly push his cock into my mouth, his hips matching the rhythm of my mouth. I cupped his balls in my hand and massaged them, I released his cock from my mouth and started to lick up and down the shaft, and then I licked his balls, sucking them into my mouth.

He was now stood there with his eyes shut, his head tilted back slightly, I could feel his legs trembling, my hand continued to play with his cock, while my mouth worked on his balls. I returned my mouth to his cock and started to suck on his cock with renewed vigour, sucking it all in, my tongue flicking over the head.

His moaning was becoming louder, and his thrusting was becoming faster, his balls had tighten up real tight, I knew it wouldn't be long before I tasted his hot creamy cum.

Greedily I sucked and licked his cock, gently squeezing his balls; he was now fucking my mouth his moans echoing in my ears.

FUCK, YES, I'M GOING TO CUM, he let out with a cry.

I sucked down on his cock, taking all of it down into my throat, I could not wait to taste his cum, I was thirsty for it and I was going to make sure I drank it all.

He thrust into my face with a loud cry of FUCK YES BABY, as the first burst of cum exploded into me throat.

Load after load of hot creamy spunk burst into my mouth and throat, I sucked and swallowed ensuring that none of it escaped, his hands were now firmly on my head more for balance then leverage. 

I heard him let out a quieter more relaxed groan as the last drops of his spunk escaped from his cock, I slowly started to release his cock from my throat until I had the tip of it on my lips, I started to lick all around the sensitive head, his legs were still trembling, I wanted to make sure I didn't miss a single drop of his spunk.

After I had cleaned his cock with my mouth, I stood up and kissed him deeply, my tongue probing around his mouth letting him taste the aftermath of his own cock and cum.

We broke form our kiss, he looked at me and smiled.

That was the best blowjob I have had in a long while, and I would like to return the favour, but I want your big hot cock in my mouth and in my tight arse.

I stood and looked at him, and he could see that I would like nothing more than to give him that pleasure.

Sure, I said I would love to fuck you.

However, not here he said, how about we go back to my place so we can do this in surroundings that are more private?

Excellent idea, I replied.

We left the confines of the public toilet and went to our cars.

I will follow you, I said.

And we both drove off.

However, that is another story.