 I sprained my right shoulder at the gym trying too much weight on the stacks of the nautulus. I knew I boogered it up as soon as I made my first rep. God, it hurt when it did it but not half as much as it hurt after I showered up and went home. It really stiffened up then. I could barely lift my arm. I had to punch in my chiropractor’s phone number with my left hand. 

I got his answering machine, “This is Dr. XXXX. I will be out of town from the 1st through the 8th. If this is an emergency, call Dr. YYYY at 555-555-5555.”

I called Dr. YYYY as instructed. He answered the phone himself. I explained my problem to him and he suggested that I come over to his office right away. Fortunately, his office was only a couple of miles away so I went directly there.

Dr. YYYY’s office was in his house. It was an older, restored two story Victorian place on a main street. His office was on the first floor of the building and his living quarters on the second floor. 

He met me at the door. He hardly looked like a health care professional to me. He was Hispanic, about 5’8”, a stocky 180lbs, and buff. He was wearing dark blue sweat pants and a brilliant red t-shirt. He filled both up magnificently. His arms were massive; I could see the definition of his pecs and abs through the t-shirt material; and I could see the shape of his quads underneath his sweatpants. I caught the contour of another bulge in the front of his sweatpants--it looked nice and firm, too. I couldn’t help but feel a little tingle going through me looking at that.

He asked me a few questions about how I hurt myself, filled in a couple of insurance and consent forms for me to sign, and took a quick x-ray of my shoulder. When he looked at the x-ray, he looked relieved, “Nothing broken and no joint effusion. Good signs.”

He helped me take off my shirt and had me hop up on his treatment table, one of those black naugahide covered jobs that folded down in the middle and that had that funny looking oval cushion for my face for me to use when I lay on my stomach for the treatment. 

He prodded around with his firm hands on the center of my back, gave my shoulder some kneading, and then raised my right arm straight up behind me. The latter maneuver I expected to create excruciating pain but I was surprised when I found that my shoulder was moving easily and pain free. That was miraculous!

As I sat up on the table, I moved my right arm slowly. He cautioned me to be careful using the arm even though it was feeling good. He said this treatment would help for a day or so but that I would have to come back a few times to make sure that things were really healing up all right. It might take three or four weeks to get things back to normal.

Now, I know this sounds like a corny line but it is actually what happened.

I said, “Thanks for taking me in so quickly. You’re a real life saver. I can’t thank you enough.”

How he knew, I don’t know exactly. I mean, I prefer men but I am not obvious about it. Maybe he had seen me gazing at his crotch, maybe he knew that my regular chiropractor, who was very “out”, treated mostly gay patients, maybe he was just testing but he said, “What do you usually to a life saver?”

I got the pun as he began to inch his sweatpants down over his hips.

My mouth began to water and my cock began to get hard as I saw more and more of his firm stomach revealed by the lowering sweatpants. Just as he got the waistband down to the point where I could just begin to see pubic hair, I reached out with both hands and finished the job pulling the pants half way down his thighs. 

His cock sprang into view. It was just beginning swell but was still pointing down. He was about 5” even when limp, and moderately thick, and beautifully circumcised. I knelt down, took his stiffening member into my right hand and just gazed at it. The head of his cock perfectly formed, the shaft smooth, and his balls tight in his scrotum. I began to stroke it and it got bigger, stiffer and began to point straight up. I caressed it all around with my hand until it looked like it was perfectly erect.

I moved my mouth down on his organ which was now about 9” long and summer sausage thick. My lips barely fit over the head and I had to force more than just a little to get just half of it into my mouth. But I persisted, keeping up the pressure until I felt the head touch the back of my soft pallet. And then slowly I pulled back massaging the underside of his cock with my tongue and stroking the shaft with the ring of my thumb and forefinger. I repeated this slowly several times and then picked up the pace making sure to keep different rhythms with my mouth and my hand.

With each stroke, I managed to take more of his cock into my mouth. I never did get all of it down my throat but I make a good job of getting in three quarters of it. He was getting slicker as his precum mixed with my saliva lubricated my efforts. I could feel it begin to drip out between my lips and onto my chest but I just kept sucking and stroking.

He thrust his hips more and more with each stroke, too. And I could feel his well- muscled abdomen quiver with each effort he made. Finally, he tensed and stopped thrusting. That is when I could feel his cock really begin to swell. I would have pulled my head back but his cock got so large that I couldn’t get out of my mouth without hurting him. So I just held him in my mouth as she shot his load.

I consider myself an experienced cocksucker but it was a huge load even for me. It shot all the way to the back of my throat and forced me to swallow before I choked. And he came and came and came. I must have swallowed four or five times to take it all down. In fact, I couldn’t even taste it as he came. It wasn’t until his cock began to get soft enough so that I could let it slide out of my mouth that I could taste his cum--salty and spicy. I finished him up by milking the last of his cum out of his cock, licking down every drop.

He pulled up his sweatpants, looked at me and grinned. “See you back here day after tomorrow?”

“Yeah.” I answered, “For sure!”

I treated with him twice a week for another three weeks, with all of the visits including the same “therapy”. My regular chiropractor encouraged this saying that continuity in treating an injury was important. But I really think he knew that I was doing Dr. YYYY and just loved the idea.

Well, as with most good things, this all had to come to an end--which is to say that, after my shoulder got to really feeling better, I stopped sucking off Dr. YYYY and went back to getting butt fucked on a regular basis by Dr. XXXX who told me that it was good therapy for my low back.