 The next morning Scott and I went to breakfast together and then he had to hurry off to team activities. I didn't see Troy all day or night. The soccer coach held two practices and the rest of the time he was tied up with frat business. I purposely avoided the locker room when the soccer players were around. I wasn't sure how my body might react to seeing naked guys. I was pretty sure that I was bi since I liked the sex with Troy and Scott so much. However, I didn't want to get in an awkward situation with other guys. I knew that I wasn't ready for a group shower scene. I did hit the pool in the evening after the soccer players had cleared out. I didn't however end up alone in the locker room. 

Another member of the swim team had arrived that day and was doing laps when I got to the pool. When we returned to the locker room a couple members of the wrestling team who happened to share our row of lockers were in the locker room. They had been lifting had been working out. The four of us ended up in the showers together. Though nothing happened I did sneak a good look at their bodies. The big muscular wrestlers both had what seemed to be unusually small dicks. I wondered if they would still be undersized when hard. In contrast to them my team mate Jay had a whopper. He was a tall skinny very pale skinned guy and his cock seemed to match his body. It was long and thin and hung down against his hairless thigh. But seeing Jay naked had always fascinated me for another reason. 

He took the idea of a swimmer's shave to the extreme. Except for a short growth on his head he kept his body completely hairless. Even his balls and pubic area were shaved smooth. Most of the guys did some shaving or waxing for meets but only Jay and one other guy on our team went completely hairless and only Jay did it year round. Since I was trying to be careful about my own peaking I wasn't sure but it looked like the wrestlers were pretty interested in Jay's hairless dick. They finished their showers pretty fast and left Jay and I alone.

"Damn, that feels weird when that happens," Jay said as soon as the wrestlers were gone. 

"When what happens?" I asked totally confused.

"You didn't notice how they were looking at me?"

"What do you mean?"

"Every time I am in the shower with a guy that hasn't seen me naked before I get kind of ogled."

Jay and I had been team mates and locker mates for a few months and had become sort of friendly away from the team too. I decided that I could be somewhat candid with him.

"Fuck man, even on swim team it isn't often you see a guy with no hair at all. I am sure the guys in other sports are just curious when they see you. I don't think it is such a big deal. Then again it might be that monster cock you have and not the lack of hair."

"Shit, I never really give it much thought."

I was surprised at how comfortable I suddenly was discussing a guy's dick size with him.

"Yeah well I guess it is plenty long, but I think the chicks like them wider," He added.

"Fuck, who knows what chicks want," I said as I turned off the water.

I was ready to get out of there. I was spending way too much thought on what that long thin dick would look like hard sticking out from his hairless body.  While we were getting dressed he asked me if I wanted to meet him for an early swim the next morning. He reminded me that we had to get back in the routine for crack of dawn practice starting up in two days.  I agreed to meet him in the locker room at seven am. 

When I went to dinner that evening I ran into Dom and another A-OK. I was surprised when they asked me to join them at their table. Us mere mortals were not usually privy to conversations between frat brothers. It turned out that Dom and his friend Jake were both good guys. We had a nice conversation mostly about sports while we ate.  Since I knew Dom was bi I wondered if Jake was too. It seemed I had gone from a straight guy who had barely had a thought regarding sex with guys to totally obsessing over guys and sex.  After dinner I watched the two of them walk off toward the frat houses and went to my room alone. I was hoping that Troy or Scott might show up but it didn't happen. I ended up reading for awhile and going to sleep early.

Going to sleep early was a good idea since I had an early date with Jay.  When I arrived at the locker room, Jay was waiting for me still fully dressed.  

"Hey, man, fucking pool is closed until at least six this evening. Some shit about maintenance and cleaning. Guy said it might even be tomorrow if the filters are really fouled," He said clearly disappointed. "I guess we could go across campus to the rec center pool if you want."

"It doesn't open until ten. Want to grab some breakfast?"

We went to the dinning hall and loaded up on protein. Since we couldn't swim we decided to take a jog. After about five miles we had both had enough. I was tempted to invite him back to my room. I was really curious what his cock looked like hard and was willing to trade blowjobs to find out. However, I had no idea how to seduce a guy. Besides, I had no indication he might be into sex with guys so I was too scared to try. As it turned out it was a good thing I headed to my room alone. Troy practically ran into me as I opened the door to my dorm building. He had been up at my room looking for me.

"Oh good, you are back. I wanted to talk to you about something," He said in what I thought was an odd tone.

When we got to my room he told me that he wanted to tell me about the rush process for the A-OKs. He told what I mostly knew that freshmen were seldom invited. 

"Yeah, I know. What are you trying to tell me? You didn't think I expected you to ask me did you?" I asked pretty confused about the conversation. 

"I don't know what you expected. I want to tell you some things because you are my friend. But you have to swear you won't ever say anything to anyone. These are A-OK secrets that I am not supposed to tell you."

"Of course I won't say anything."

"Ok, well your name was on the list. But most of the guys don't really know you so you are now on a deferred decision list. That means you will be reconsidered next year. So you have at least two more chances. The reason I wanted you to know that is because Scott is going to be our lone freshman pick this semester. He is only getting picked because technically he isn't really a freshman. He is starting his third semester."

"Ok, that's cool. I never thought that much about being in a frat. The only reason I might be interested in A-OK is because you are in it. Well that and all the members I have met are really nice guys." 

"Oh that's right, Dom told me you had dinner with him and Jake. Anyway, the reason I wanted to tell you was that I didn't want you to go and pledge another frat. I am pretty sure if not in the fall then by next spring you will get an invitation to join us. If you were to pledge somewhere else before that, we can't invite you."

I told him I wasn't going to pledge anywhere else. Then I fidgeted around some. I wanted to ask him to have sex with me. I had no clue how to do that. If I had been with Chrissy, I would just start kissing her and soon clothes would start coming off. But that didn't seem the right approach. 

"Troy, I don't know all the rules about stuff, so I may be about to sound really stupid."

"What the fuck man? What rules?" He asked interrupting me.  

"The rules about stuff like the other day when you and Scott were here."

"Are you saying you want to get naked?"

"Yes."

"Well I don't know any rules, but it will have to be kind of quick. I have to get to a meeting in less than an hour." 

Then he moved over next to me and we began kissing and fumbling with each other's clothes. 

"Wait, Troy, let me have a minute to shower. I was jogging and got all sweaty."

In my dorm building the bathrooms were shared between two rooms. Since no one was back in the adjoining room we had plenty of privacy so Troy joined me in the shower. We washed each other which got me so excited that I was sure I was going to cum on the spot. Somehow I maintained control long enough to get showered and in bed with Troy. I insisted he let me suck him first since I was on the verge. He lay on his back and I kissed my way down his muscular torso and over his rippling abs. I nuzzled my face in his still damp pubic bush before licking his hard cock.  I moved lower and kissed and sucked his warm soft ball sack. I nudged his thighs and he lifted his legs to give me access to go lower. I flicked my tongue over his taint and then down his ass crack. He moaned seductively when the tip of my tongue found his tight little pucker. I lavished his asshole with licks and kisses before moving back to his throbbing cock.

As I took him into my mouth I tasted his precum and felt his hands caress my head. His fingers tangled in my hair as he gently guided me down his shaft. I tried to remember all the things Scott had taught me two nights earlier. I pressed my tongue to his shaft and opened wide to keep my teeth from scrapping the skin on his cock. I was even able to relax enough to take a bit of him into my throat for a second without puking on him. As he was nearing climax he said that he liked cumming on my face. I released his cock from my mouth and began to jerk him off. I opened my mouth wide and stuck my tongue out as I continued to stroke his fat rod. Suddenly ribbons of cum spurted from his tiny slit. Some landed in my mouth and some on my face. When he stopped shooting I milked the last few drops out of his cock and licked him clean. 

I was surprised when he used his strong arms to pull me up to him. He kissed me and licked his cum from my face. He told me what hot lover I was and then asked me to fuck his mouth. He guided and instructed me into position. One leg was on either side of him with my knees in his arm pits. He told me to put both of my pillows under his head. I followed all of his instructions and began to slide my aching cock in and out of his mouth. Troy was able to take my entire cock into his mouth and throat. When I reached bottom he would slip his tongue out and touch my balls. It didn't take long for me to climax. My first spurt of cum went down his throat. The rest went on his face. As I started cumming I pulled my cock from his mouth and jerked off on his smiling face. When I finished I slid down and lay atop him licking my cum from his face. After a few minutes he rolled us over and pinned me down under his strong body. He kissed be deeply for several minutes.

"Mmmmmmm, you are one sweet little fuck. I wish I could stay and play more, but duty calls," He said and jumped up.

I laid there watching him get dressed. I liked the look in his eyes when he would glance over at my exposed naked body. When he finished dressing he fondled my balls for a second and gave me a quick kiss. Then he was gone.    

The spring semester flew by. It was basically an extended cornucopia of sexual delight interrupted only by academic and swim team requirements.  Somehow I managed to maintain my GPA and even won some swim races along the way. I quickly saw the wisdom Chrissy showed in realized we could never remain faithful to each other. I was glad she had released me to pursue others. And pursue I did. In addition to regular play sessions with Troy and Scott, both separately and together, I managed to expand my horizons with a number of other partners. Stacey and I remained fuck buddies though we saw less of each other as the semester progressed. I discovered the world of swim team groupies courtesy of Jay. 

We were at an away meet that required an overnight stay. The two of us were paired up as room mates. Both of us finished all of our swims during the first half of the meet. Even with cheering on our team mates waiting for hours for a meet to end is the most boring thing I have ever been forced to do. At one point Jay came over and tapped me on the shoulder indicating I should take a look in the stands.

"Place is full of cunt, man. Got to be some swimmer sluts in the bunch," He said like I might know what that meant.   

It turned out that having a steady in high school and living in a small town sheltered me more than I thought. When I asked what he was talking about he told me that there were chicks that were like rock star groupies who went for swimmers. 

"Bull shit, I ain't falling for this joke," I said figuring I was being set up.

"No joke man. Fuck I get laid after almost every away meet and some home ones too. Last month at Boyd College, fucking Steve and I had four of them in our room. I don't know what it is, maybe our nice smooth legs."

"Well fuck, how do we get them to notice us?" I asked.

"I am sure they noticed. These fucking Speedos show all, man."

I hadn't really looked but after he said something I noticed that his long cock was very obvious in swim suit. I had already slipped a pair of board shorts over mine. I was never very comfortable parading around with my stuff on display. 

"Come on let's take a walk by that group of pussy over there. Maybe if we head to the snack bar some will follow," He suggested.

I left the board shorts on and actually felt a little silly parading around with him all but naked. But I was horny and bored. Getting some chicks in our room later sounded like a great way to end the trip. I was pretty surprised when his ploy worked. By the time we got to the snack bar area we had five chicks clearly following us. 

Troy suddenly said to me, "Oh shit I forgot to tell coach something," and abruptly turned around. 

His move was very calculated and executed perfectly. Acting like he was in a hurry he turned on his heels and ran right into one of the girls that were following us.

"Oh wow, sorry, baby," He said in a way that sounded so cool Cary Grant would have been envious. 

I thought she might fuck him right there on the spot.

"I should be much more careful. I can't go mowing down pretty women like that."

She giggled as she said, "No, it was my fault I wasn't watching where I was going. I was too distracted by the swimmers."

"Well as long as you are ok. Ladies I am Jay and this is my buddy John. Would you care to join us for a drink?" He asked in that same sexy tone.

They jumped at the invitation and even bought our drinks. Within fifteen minutes we were invited to an after meet party. When we got to the place there were at least fifteen hot chicks including the five we had already met. There were only four other guys, two of our team mates and two swimmers from our opponent. The odds only got a little bit worse when four more guys showed up an hour later. But by then I had already gotten a blow job and was talking a second chick into coming to our room. First girl didn't even want anything in return except to take a picture of my cock with her Polaroid camera. Dumb slut was into collecting trophies. When I left with the second girl I saw the first one out in a car sucking another guy's cock. 

I had lost track of Jay which led to a big surprise. When I came back to our room with the girl I picked up he was already there with two girls. He told me the next day that he had planned to share them with me. We ended up sharing all three. At some points I didn't know whose mouth or pussy was on my cock. It was a great night of sex and I finally got to see Jay's dick hard. That was cool even though I didn't get to touch it. He wasn't really accurate about it not getting much longer. I was certain he grew a couple of inches to at least nine total.  He was definitely accurate about the thickness though. He had one skinny fucking dick. The girls definitely seemed to prefer my fatter cock in their cunts. However all three of them wanted to suck him and one wanted him to do her ass. 

I had a few other one night stands and also fucked Gary a few times. That started when he and I were alone in the sauna one day. It was right after swim practice and it seemed all of my teammates had to run to class. Since I didn't have any classes on that day I decided to stay and hit the sauna.  I was surprised when I found Gary there since there was no soccer practice that day. 

"Hey man, long time no see what is up?" I said casually as I slid onto the bench across from him. 

When I looked over and saw his condition I realized it was a dumb question. He didn't have a towel on and his cock was standing straight up fully erect. He had obviously been masturbating.  It was the first time I had seen Gary hard and was surprised by how much different his cock looked hard than soft. For one the scraggy piece of skin that hid his head had all but disappeared making his cock look more like what I was used to seeing. But even more noticeable was the growth. His cock must have at least tripled in size. I was no longer self conscious in front of certain guys looking at their cocks. To the gay and bi friends of Troy and Scott it was no secret that I was bi. 

"God, I get so fucking horny watching those hot swimmer friends of yours, John," Gary sighed as he went back to stroking his dick. 

"Man, you should be more careful. A couple of those guys are real gay bashers. You might get your ass kicked if they knew you were in here jerking off over them."

"Yeah but you like it, don't you? He said more than asked as he stood up and moved toward me.

I didn't know what to say. I felt my heart pounding in my chest. 

"I have wanted your nice thick meat in me since the day I met you. You are so fucking hot John," He continued.  

He was standing right in front in me. My breath caught in my throat. All I could think about was taking his long uncut cock in my mouth. I wondered what it would feel like to tease his foreskin with my tongue.  I knew that something was going to happen. 

"Please fuck me," He moaned as he slowly stroked his cock inches from my face.

"Not until after I have tasted you," I said and leaned forward. 

I took his cock head in my mouth and swirled my tongue over the exposed part of his glans. He gasped when I slipped my tongue under his foreskin and touched the rim of his flared mushroom. By that point I had had enough practice to take a cock deep and let it enter my throat. His was too long and fat to take all the way but I managed to get most of him in my mouth. I sucked him for awhile enjoying the taste of his precum until he pulled away. 

"John fuck me please. I want to cum while you fill my pussy!" He practically begged as he went and bent over the bench.

He spread his legs wide and pressed his palms against the bench. The posture he assumed caused his ass to raise up and spread open. 

"I don't have anything to lube you up with," I protested.

"There is some oil under the bench," He panted.

I looked under where he had been sitting before and found a small bottle of baby oil. Later he admitted that he had been waiting for me. It was his third try to get me alone. I squirted a large amount of the oil into his ass and dribbled some on my cock. When I touched his ass I felt how much he was shaking. 

"Oh god, yes I want you so bad!" he moaned when I rubbed my slippery cock in his ass crack. 

I really didn't know what to do. I had never even fucked a chick's ass at that point. 

"Oh fuck, please put it in me. I need you cock so badly, John."

I grabbed my dick and aimed the head at his glistening hole. I pushed forward and easily popped into him. He obviously knew how to relax his anus. As I pushed forward he pushed back and I was almost immediately ball deep in his rectum. 

"Oh yesssssssss, that's it baby. Fuck my pussy stud!" He cried out.

I grabbed his hips and began driving my cock in and out of him. Having no other experience to go on I just fucked him like I would a woman doggie style. Whatever I was doing it was working for him. He was moaning and panting like a bitch in heat. Every time I hit his special spot his rectal muscles contracted and squeezed my cock. I was glad saunas were nearly sound proof when he came. His scream echoed in the small room as his cock shot globs of white goo unto the bench. I ground my cock into him as his ass locked onto my dick. My fingers left red marks on his flesh I gripped him so hard when I exploded in his ass. We were both panting and sweating, sexually exhausted. I held onto him as my oozing cock shrunk inside his ass. He pushed back against me as if he didn't want to let me go. When finally I pulled away he turned around and sat on the bench.
