 The next day I was poolside five minutes ahead of time. I think the coach would have preferred it if I had been late. He seemed to be looking for a reason to increase the punishment. The look in his eyes worried me. I got the same feeling I had had in his office the day before. Even if I had been willing my ass couldn't have taken a fucking that morning. I was pretty sore from having my cherry popped by my buddies. The team had always found the way Stevens looked at us when he was an assistant creepy. Some of the more vocally anti-gay guys expressed their displeasure with being ogled by coach fag. I was pretty sure that talk was over now that Stevens was the head coach. 

"Well I see you managed to learn to tell time, John. Very good," He snarled at me as he continued to look over my nearly naked body.

"Thank you, Sir," I said as calmly as I could.

The coach didn't say anything. He just kept looking me over. I was feeling increasingly uncomfortable and finally made the mistake of opening my mouth. 

"Sir, is there something you want from me?" I asked in a tone that was a bit too cocky.

"What I want is for you to keep your wise ass mouth shut. However, now I have two concerns," He said as he reached down and ran his hand over the outside of my thigh. "The first thing I was concerned about was why you don't keep this fucking hair off your legs. In addition, I now have to wonder what you were just suggesting I might want from you."

"Sir, I only shave for meets. My old coach thought that was a good thing because that way we practiced with the resistance of the hair. Made us stronger he said," I replied nervously.

He just glared at me. I knew I had pissed him off or at least he wanted me to think he was pissed off. Either way I was becoming increasingly uncomfortable. I also had no idea how to respond to his second concern. I had imagined he wanted sex from me. But I couldn't say that. If I was wrong it would infuriate him. If I was right it might give him leave to demand it of me. 

"As to what you might have wanted, I truly had no thoughts. It just seemed that maybe you wanted something," I finally said in what I felt was a rather unconvincing manner. 

"I do not care what your old coach thought. If you want to stay on my team you will remove all hair not covered by your trunks," He said sternly and then grabbed the waistband of my Speedo and snapped it against my waist. "I do not think you are being candid about my second concern. However, what I want is for you to get in the fucking pool and swim at sprint speed until your teammates arrive for practice."

He slapped my ass so hard it caused me to lose my balance and fall into the pool. In the process I scrapped my shin, but I didn't dare complain. He knew as well as I did that I could not do laps at sprint pace for forty-five minutes. He probably also knew as well as I did that I would die trying rather than refuse. Without a word I took off at full speed toward the far end of the pool. He was still standing there when I came back and made my turn. I was somewhat relieved that he was there. I needed a lifeguard in case I ended up in trouble.

I do not know how much time passed or how many laps I had swum when my legs started cramping up. But I do remember swimming through the pain. I had always been a short distance specialist. I never did well when I competed long distance because I didn't have a kick in the end. That day I attempted to swim a hundred meter pace for 5000 meters. As my legs became sorer I seemed to forget how to breathe. My chest began to pound and my lungs were on fire. Every muscle in my body ached. Somewhere in the middle of the pool I suddenly convulsed. If the coach hadn't been diligently watching me I would have died. 

I awoke with his lips on mine blowing life back into my body. In the dreamlike state of returning to consciousness I saw a far different picture in my mind. That mental image was made worse by the fact that several of my teammates were standing around watching the coach give me artificial respiration. I heard my friend Jay asking what had happened. As I came to it was obvious that the coach was concerned. I figured it was more about getting in trouble for pushing me to the point of near drowning than my welfare. 

"I was getting in some early laps alone before practice. I guess I over did it? Seems coach saved my ass," I said weakly.

The coach smiled at me before turning toward the team.

"Jacobs, lead the guys in warm ups while I see that John gets to the infirmary to be checked out," The coach said as he helped me to me feet.

I was pretty shaky and I had to hold on to him as we walked to the locker room. Once we got to my locker he helped me to the bench and sat beside me.

"Why did you let me off the hook, John?" He asked in an odd tone.

I don't know what you mean sir," I replied innocently, knowing that I now had something on him.

"You damn well do know what I mean, kid! I just need to know what your play is going to be."

"No play. But maybe we can come to an understanding."

"What did you have in mind, John," He said contritely and laid his hand on my thigh. 

I realized in the space of a little more than an hour our relative roles had reversed. I also was feeling a bit more excitement than I liked over his touching my thigh.

"Not that," I said as I gently pushed his hand off my thigh, "I am not that kind of guy."

"I wasn't implying you were any kind of guy. I hope I didn't offend you. But damn fuck I hate this. I need this job. If you wanted it I would do it. If you are straight..." His voice trailed off. I actually felt sorry for him.

"Not really what I meant. I am bi and you are a pretty hot guy. But I am not the kind of guy that would use something I had on a guy to force him to do stuff like that. Fuck, Mike, if you weren't such a bastard I bet a lot of the guys on the team would be trying to get in your bed."

I wasn't sure if it was my use of his name or the subject but he looked totally stunned.

"Anyway," I continued, "Here is the deal how about you just dial it down some with the team? No one has to know what happened in the pool or here in the locker room either." 

"Thank you, John. But I still don't get it. Why you being such a good guy when I was riding you so hard?"

"I figure you were just doing your job the only way you know how. I disagree with your methods but not your motivation."

"Well I will try to ease off. But I still want you to get this hair off," He said as he put his hand back on my thigh and began to rub me gently. 

"I told you that wasn't necessary."

"What if I wanted to do something? John I am gay. As I am sure you can imagine I don't get many opportunities for sex with hot guys like you."

"Mike, I really don't feel well. Shit........"

I will never know if it was his proposition or the after effects of near drowning but I puked all over the lockers. That was when the coach showed his good side. He practically carried me to the shower. He took off my trunks and washed me while holding me up without undressing himself. He dried me and helped me get dressed before calling someone to take me to the infirmary. I don't know if he cleaned up the puke or called housekeeping. All I know is none of the guys on the team ever knew what happened in the locker room that day. But they did benefit from having a kinder and gentler coach for the rest of the season. 

I was surprised he never hit on me after that. I don't know if he thought the puking was my way of rejecting him without actually verbalizing or what. I considered both talking to him about the whole thing and trying to seduce him. But somehow neither ever happened. If he would have been Mike a fit older man I knew maybe we could have had fun. But the idea of fucking my coach seemed too weird. Maybe if he was closer to my age the coach thing wouldn't have been such an issue. Even though he didn't look it he was a year older than my mother.

The campus doctor decided that I should stay in the infirmary overnight. That clearly didn't make the nurse happy that had to pull the extra shift to watch one patient. However she did seem to cheer up when a steady stream of handsome male visitors provided ample flirting. I remember wondering which one of my pals or teammates was going to end up fucking the buxom, slighty plump, brunette with the pretty smile. I figured she was somewhere between 25 and 30 which was certainly not too old for us. Around eleven she came in and kicked out my last visitor. It was Troy who had been insisting that I needed a blow job and offering to service me. I talked him out of it by persuading him that my nurse might pop in at any minute. Of course he just said in that case she could join us. 

I hadn't realized the hard on he left me with after a bit of playful fondling was so obvious. The idea of getting caught with him sucking me off in the infirmary was pretty erotic. When I realized the nurse was staring at my tented hospital gown I am sure I turned bright red. Somehow I managed a brash line in an attempt to cover up.

"Sorry, I guess having such a hot nurse all to myself got the juice flowing."

It was her turn to blush.

"Wow you are as smooth as some of your buddies, John. By the way I am Karen. I don't think we were ever introduced."

"Well since we are going to spend the night together I suppose introductions are in order. Nice to meet you," I said with a shit eating grin as I rolled on my side and offered my hand.

Since my gown wasn't tied well in the back the movement all but completely exposed my ass.

"Trying to show me your best side now," She said with a cute giggle.

"Oh shit!" I replied as I grabbed for the sheet to cover myself.

Unfortunately my feet were tangled in the covers. My struggle to cover my ass just resulted in exposing more flesh to her.

"Um would you like some help," She said while taking in the view.

"Karen you can help me with anything you like."

She moved next to the bed and pushed my gown up fully exposing my semi-erect cock.

"Hmmmmmm, I think I found what you need help with," She said in a husky sultry tone.

I rolled onto my back without saying a word. I laid there expecting to get a blow job from my nurse. However, I didn't know that I was being set up. I soon learned that my good buddies had convinced Karen to play a joke on me. Karen suddenly slapped my cock and started laughing. The next thing I know Troy, Dom, Scott and a couple other guys I knew casually walked in practically doubled over laughing.

"Thanks, Karen it was worth every penny," Troy said as I lay there with my rapidly deflating cock still on display. 

"Don't mention it, I had fun. Sorry, John, you are cute but your sexy friends got to me first. Don't forget our date, Scott," Karen said as she left the room. 

"Oh so she wants to ride the big cock," I said still not bothering to cover up.

"She hasn't seen it yet. It was the hundred bucks Troy gave her that got her to play our little game," Dom said barely able to stifle his laughter. "By the way do you know Eric and Cal?"

"Seen them around can't say as we have been formally introduced."

"Well seems we got a personal intro now," The tall redhead guy said with a grin that told me he liked what he saw. 

"Shit you are one fucking obvious letch, Cal," The shorter one with darker hair and complexion said. "I'm Eric Thompson; this is Calvin O'Connell. We are teammates and frat brothers of your pals."

"Fuck, look at mister innocent being all polite. You know damn well you like the view as much as any of us," Cal shot back at Eric.

At that point I was feeling pretty self-conscious. I managed to throw enough of the gown over me to conceal my cock and balls. The shorter guy Eric was well known on campus. He was a senior and captain of the soccer team as well as a stand out in several track and field events. I guessed he was about five-ten. His dark coloring hinted at a more exotic ancestry than his name would indicate. I learned later that his mother was Hawaiian. Cal's looks and name matched. There was no hiding his Irish ancestry. He was about six-two with a mop of curly red hair and sparkling green eyes. He was a junior and like Eric a two-sport letterman. Cal excelled at the running events while Eric was more of a field event guy. They made an interesting pair. But what was of most interest to me was why they were visiting me.

"Nice to meet you guys," I said hesitantly, "But I got to ask what brings you out with this trio of clowns?"

I suppose most guys would have been more concerned about why two jocks were admiring their dick. But in the few months since I had acknowledged my bisexuality I had become accustomed to such behavior. Of course I was so pissed at being tricked and not getting the blow job I had hoped for I doubt I would have given it much thought anyway. 

"We heard what your coach did to you and as members of the athletic community we came to offer our support," Eric said earnestly.

I was surprised that anyone thought the coach had done something to me. I was also flattered that I was being included as member of the community that included some of the schools top athletes. 

"Um, I don't really understand. The coach didn't do anything," I said faking confusion.

"Man, one of your teammates who is an AOK said that the fucker nearly killed you. Your reasons for covering for him are your business and we will keep it cool. But just know the AOKs have your back," Cal said sincerely.

"Thanks," was all I could manage to say.

There was clearly no way to successfully deny the allegation. AOKs did not lie to each other. If this teammate of mine said something to them he must have seen some of what happened. 

Troy squeezed my shoulder and asked, "You ok buddy?"

"Yeah, I am fine. I would be better if Karen had actually taken care of my cock, you mother fuckers. But I think everything is going to be good from here on out," I answered truthfully. "Hey guys, I don't really have the right but I would like to ask a favor."

"Shoot," Troy said.

"Can you make whatever you heard about me and the coach like an AOK secret? I took care of it and would like to leave it at that."

"Sure, whatever you want. We just wanted you to know that you had resources on campus if you need them. Only the five of us and your one teammate know anything. No one else will hear it from us," Eric said with a smile. 

They left after that. A few minutes later Karen came back into my room. This time she was naked. 

As she crawled into bed with me she purred, "You didn't really think I was going to leave you in need did you?"

"Oh god I hope this isn't another trick."

"No trick, stud," She said as she reached under my gown and started fondling my cock. It was the most effortless sex I ever had with a female. She wanted nothing from me. When I tried to do things to pleasure her she dissuaded me saying that I was the patient. After getting me nice and hard she climbed on top of me. She rode my cock like a wild woman until I exploded inside her. While I lay still panting she used her very talented lips and tongue on my cock. The pleasure was so intense it was nearly painful. After about fifteen minutes of licking and sucking me she was back on top of me. This time I lasted long enough for her to cum on my cock a couple of times before blasting my cum into her womb. She left me sometime later after I had fallen asleep. In the morning she gave a very officious report to the doctor. I was allowed to leave after that but was excused from practice for two more days.

I saw Karen a lot after that but we never again had sex. She dated Scott after a fashion for a long time. So it was only natural we would see each other. Of course no woman could really be going steady with Scott. He liked cock too much and was too good a guy to pledge faithfulness to a woman. She knew he was bi and he did make her his exclusive female sex partner for over a year. Ironically, her and I were really better friends and probably closer than she and Scott. She even confided to me that even though it was sometimes hard to be a bi guy's girl friend she couldn't give Scott up. Since he was allowed to fuck other guys so was she. She tried some and couldn't find a cock that satisfied her like his did. That made me wonder what it would be like to have a cock like Scott's inside me. I never told Karen that as far as I knew Scott was almost all bottom with guys.

Due to my being in the infirmary I missed my 'date' with Kyle. He had been one of my visitors in the infirmary and I was surprised when he was my first visitor back at the dorm. We talked for awhile catching up like he had proposed. The whole time it seemed to me there was something that he wanted to say but for some reason wasn't. My suspicion was that it involved him and I doing more than just talking. Thanks to my buddies I knew he was bi and liked to be fucked. I didn't know if he knew I was bi or was just shy. Since he was an AOK there was a fair chance he knew about me. All he would have to do was ask one of his frat brothers that knew which were many. They would tell him the truth. So I decided he was shy and pushed the issue.

"Kyle, I could be way off base but it seems like there is something on your mind. I am a pretty open guy so there is no reason to feel awkward about any subject," I said sincerely.

"Well, there was something. But I think with your accident and all another time would be better," He answered hesitantly.

"Oh ok, then would you mind if I asked you something?"

"Nah, ask anything you like."

"The other day when you suggested we get together, I wasn't sure of something. Did you mean get together like two guys going to shoot some pool or toss a ball around or was it more like getting together for a date?"

He had a funny look on his face for a second and then he broke into a big smile.

"More like a date," He mumbled shyly.

I smiled back.

"Are you into dating guys?" He added hesitantly.

"Interesting question," I said contemplating my answer, "I am bi, but I'm not sure I have ever actually had a date with a guy."

"You feel well enough to go get something to eat and catch a movie in town?"

"Sure, but are you saying you are serious about dating and not just......"

He cut me off before I could finish the sentence.

"Yes I am serious. I like you John. I am not saying I don't want to have sex with you if that was the question. Hell if the night ends with us in bed that would be great. I have no issue with sex on the first date." 

I was totally intrigued by this new idea. I hadn't really considered the possibility of dating a guy. 

"Well ok then. I have to shower before we go. Do you have any objections to seeing me naked before the date?"

"Um no, we have showered together remember?"

"Oh yeah," I said as I stood up and started stripping. 

For some reason I decided to leave my boxers on until after I was behind the closed bathroom door. I guess I was being a bit of a tease. I came back in the room with a towel around my waist. I turned my back to him when I dropped it and only gave him a brief glimpse of my ass as I put on clean underwear. He whistled playfully. We skipped the campus dining hall and headed into town. 

Joe's Diner was a throwback to the fifties. It was one of those small places with cozy booths that had red tufted faux leather seats. Each table had its own mini jukebox. The black and white checkered tile on the floor always gleamed with a heavy coat of wax. The food was cheap, greasy and generally delicious. Since most of the students hadn't returned and it was a weekday the place was all but deserted. We took a booth in the back where no one could see us. We talked and laughed while we waited for our burgers and fries to be served. While we were eating Kyle showed me a bit of his playful nature.
