 When Dom shook me awake I felt like I had only just shut my eyes. He assured me that I had had my full three hours and added that I had better get moving if I wanted to eat before my next session. I somehow managed to drag myself out of bed and follow Dom's instruction to go down the hall to the showers. Scott was there and had everything I needed to get ready for the day. There was a new toothbrush and razor as well as a fresh set of shorts and tee shirt for me. I was informed that the razor was for more than my face. For the first time since puberty I was going to have a hairless crotch. With Scott's help I managed the required shaving. My pubs, my balls and even my ass were as smooth as a baby when we finished.

"Scott, what's with the shave?" I asked.

I had seen enough of the brothers naked to know that although some trimmed and shaved, shaving was not a requirement. Several of the guys were extra hairy. 

"Just a thing for now. It will be up to you how you keep groomed in the future," He explained. "I have decided to keep my balls smooth and the pubs very short after graduation. But as you have already seen each guy gets to choose his own look." 

I glanced in a mirror before slipping my clean shorts on. I decided that the hairless look was not for me. Then I thought about the two guys I had seen with tattoos where the hair was shaved away and thought I might consider that look. 

As it turned out Dom didn't really need to hurry me so much. We were the first to arrive in the dinning area. After we were joined by my fellow pledges and their TM's our pledge brothers served the six of us breakfast. Scott was the youngest and seemed to get most of the work. Caleb gave us instructions as we finished eating. 

"Your next session will be a discussion of the history of the brotherhood. Each of you will meet with a separate group of alumni members. You must remember that these men are very busy and have given of their time to help you become brothers. You are expected to show them the respect they are due."

I was taken to the same room where I had waited for my session with Dom and Eric. Three of the men I had met earlier that day were waiting for me. As they welcomed me and told me to make myself comfortable I was relieved by two observations. First they were not dressed in the brotherhood uniform of shorts and tee shirt. All were attired in what I now would call business casual clothing. The second thing I noticed was that the oldest of the alumni guests were not included in my group. Though it was hard to tell I guessed the three men ranged in age from mid thirties to maybe fifty. All were still attractive. I decided that if sex was required I would be ok.

"Good afternoon, John. I am Edward Arrington," the oldest looking of the group said.

"Greetings brother Edward," I said and offered my hand.

I in turn offered my hand to the others as Edward introduced them. They were Stanley Keller and Ralph Fielding. Edward told me that he had been in the brotherhood for thirty years which meant I had guessed his age correctly. I was a bit off on Ralph's age who I had thought to be around forty. He had been a member for thirty-six years which made him the oldest of the three. Stanley was the baby. He had been a member for only twelve years and therefore was in his early thirties at most. 

"Now then, before we begin our little history lesson do you have any questions?" 

Although I had many questions I politely said that I had none. I wanted to ask if they were all going to fuck me as part of some ritual of passing the torch or whatever. But I didn't dare. They began by telling me of the founding of the brotherhood. The information they gave expanded a little on the information I already had. Names of the early leaders and bit of their philosophical thoughts on the nature of sexual need were discussed. Ralph gave me a book which I was told contained details of the early leader's doctrines. I was to memorize it over the break. 

They went on to describe the evolution of the brotherhood over its many years of existence. Though sex and sexual ritual had been a part of the brotherhood from the beginning, its importance grew greatly between the two World Wars. My mentors opined that this was in part due to the general changes in society that came with the wildness of the 1920's. The depression of the thirties only helped to bring the members closer together it seemed. Those that were lucky enough to be able to attend college still did not have the resources for outside entertainment. Simple private pleasures became more important. The majority of the few women available to the students wanted payment for sex. The guys turned increasingly to each other. Sexual liaisons between brothers outside of ritual increased in frequency. 

World War Two depressed enrollment and took many alumni brothers to early graves. The brotherhood languished some until the end of the forties. The fifties brought a resurgence in membership as well as a host of curious young men who outwardly appeared to be just like the Beaver's big brother Wally. However, privately sex was becoming ever more acceptable. The straight laced boys of the fifties came from hometowns where girls went all the way. They found themselves in a place where females were scarce. As the founders had discovered young men need outlets for their sexual desires. 

During this period of growth the brotherhood also took on the mystic of being the frat to be in. No one really knew why other than the very secretive nature and exclusiveness. Most who craved an invitation to pledge of course had no idea of the brotherhoods sexual philosophies. This new larger group of members infused the brotherhood with new life. As the fifties gave way to the more open and experimental sixties, a new group of leaders added new rituals. Sex began to be celebrated. What had once been only a single pillar of the reasons the brotherhood existed was becoming the core of its purpose. Society continued to become more permissive and taboos were peeled away. 

"Though one day we may be able to have a completely open brotherhood where all can know our real feelings, society still does not allow us that freedom," Brother Edward concluded. "You have been given a great deal of trust in being told our secrets. We are proud to be passing along to you these things and helping you take your first steps on the glorious path to brotherhood."

When he finished I was given two more books which would fill in any details they left out. Again I did not have any questions to ask. I thanked them for their time and honestly told them how much I enjoyed talking with them.

"We are not yet done, pledge," Stanley said sternly. "Please stand and reveal yourself for inspection."

I knew what the words meant and obediently stood. I pulled my tee shirt over my head and dropped it on the chair. As I went to lower my shorts I paused. I suddenly remembered my shave. I do not know why that felt embarrassing at that moment. For all I knew those men were as smooth as a cue ball down below. I had a second thought too. I wondered if these particular alumni were just dirty old men that wanted me to look like a little boy. I had seen in the mirror that even hairless I looked like a man. I had never thought that guys who shaved their privates looked younger until I was about to get naked in front of three older men, two of whom were older than my parents. However, I had no choice in the matter. They were brothers and I was a pledge. I couldn't disappoint my friends by screwing up.

I pushed my shorts down and stepped free of them. I stood with my legs slightly spread and my hands at my sides as the looked at my naked body. I was told to turn around and I did. I was told to bend over and I did. They had me place my palms on the floor and spread my feet. I heard them stand and felt them move toward me.

"Very good, John," One of them said. 

I was staring at the floor, wondering what was going to happen. I knew they were very close to me. I peeked between my legs and discovered that they had removed their pants. Since all I could see was their legs I did not know if they were nude. In another few seconds that question was answered. I fleet their cocks being rubbed against me. They were all hard and felt fairly large. There was one rubbing against each hip and one rubbing along my wide open crack. I was shaking in anticipation. I was also rock hard with excitement. 

"Stand up, John," They ordered in unison.

As soon as I stood they surrounded me. They pressed their bodies to mine and rubbed against me. They turned me so that each had a chance to rub his cock against my cock. Ralph began to speak in the ritual way others had spoken to me and my fellow pledges.

"John as our younger brothers shared with you, it is time that as older and hopefully wiser brothers we too share with you. In so doing we pass the seed of the past to future and thus mix the generations of the brotherhood." 

Stanley continued where Ralph left off, "As we give to you the seeds of past generations we ask you to give us the seeds of the future."

Edward finished the thought, "In this way we establish the bond between what has been and what will be."

All three went to their knees. The one in front of me began to lick and suck my balls. The other two, nibbled, licked and kissed my ass cheeks. In a few minutes they began to rotate around me. My head spun as my cock went in and out of different mouths and tongues found their way to all of my most imitate places. As my cock exploded, I looked down. I saw that it was Ralph's belly that was receiving my cum. However, I was certain that my time with the alumni was not over. As Ralph milked every last drop of cum from my slowly shrinking cock the other two stood up and held me. If not for them I might have fallen as I felt wobbly like my knees were made of Jello. 

When Ralph released my cock they helped me into a chair. They stood in front of me letting me admire their bodies. They all had great looking cocks. There was no more than an inch separating them in length. I guessed they were around seven inches; all were cut and had nice mushroom heads and thickness. Only Edward's graying pubic hair gave a hint of their ages. Ralph's pubic hair was trimmed and I assumed dyed. Stanley had a very small patch of light brown curls at the base of his dick with tattoo of a cheetah in full stride running above it. I assumed the custom was oldest first when Ralph stepped up in front of me. 

I didn't need any commands. It was obvious that I was going to suck them all. At least I hoped that was the plan. I began to fondle the older man's balls as I took his still viral cock between my lips. I could feel the other two staring at me as I began to suck Ralph's cock. I did my best to put on a good show. For the next ten or fifteen minutes I lustfully sucked his cock taking him deep. Without warning he pulled away, grabbed his cock and jacked off on my face. He had a very satisfied look on his face as he wiped the last droplets on my lips. I ignored the cum dripping down my cheek as Edward stepped in front of me and presented his twitching cock to be sucked. I gave him the same treatment and in less than five minutes he was spraying his cum all over my face. He too seemed very satisfied. 

When Stanley moved in front of me I could see a large bead of precum oozing out of his cum hole. I grabbed his cock and licked the sickly fluid from his cock. The way he reacted I could tell he had a very sensitive cock head. I began to swirl my tongue around his spongy glans and teased the flared ridge and tiny little slit with the tip of my tongue. He jerked around and moaned seductively.

"Jesus, fuck..you are driving me nuts! I am going to have to fuck that hot mouth if you keep it up!" He exclaimed.

Those were the first words that any of them had spoken since the cock sucking had begun. I knew I was really getting him going and took it as a challenge. I had never really had my mouth fucked fully. I was ready for a new experience if he was ready to give it so I kept up the licking and teasing. In another couple of minutes he grabbed my head and began forcing his cock into my mouth. I forced myself to relax and breathe through my nose as he pushed his cock deeper. Soon he was pistoning in and out of my mouth pushing his cock into my throat with each thrust. He didn't manage to pull away before cumming. A huge ribbon of cum splashed against the back of my throat. I happily swallowed the musky treat as he sprayed the rest of his cum on my lips and chin. 

I was hard again and ready to go for more. However, it appeared that my alumni cum exchange might be over when I saw Edward start to dress. Stanley was sitting in the chair next to me still trying to catch his breath. Ralph was playing with his semi erect dick and ogling my erection with a lustful gleam in his eye.

"John, you are going to be a great addition to the brotherhood. Keep up the good work," Edward said as he fastened his belt.

"Brother Ed, I don't think we can leave the young man just yet," Ralph said slyly. "It looks like he has something else to give us."

"It is all yours my friend," Edward said as he handed Ralph something from his pants pocket.

Ralph came over and coated my cock in lube. Then he crawled up in my lap and impaled his ass on my rigid pole. I imagined that he had spent many years being fucked as he easily took all of my cock inside him. As he bounced up and down on my cock he rubbed the drying cum into my cheeks. It wasn't long before my cock erupted in his ass. However he wasn't done. He grabbed his cock and jacked it hard as he ground himself down on my cock. After so much stimulation and two orgasms, it was almost painful having my cock trapped in his ass. I was relieved when a few minutes later I felt a few drops of warm cum hit my belly. He stood up, wiped his dick on my lips and began to get dressed. By that point Stanley had recovered and was dressed.

"Now that we have exchanged new for old we shall forever be bonded across the generations," Edward said.

I didn't know what else to say but thank you. It seemed like it was enough. They each gave me a soft friend-like kiss. As they left I was told to wait in the chair until someone came to get me. It was a short wait. Colin the council's errand boy came in looking very pleased. 

"Well you sure made an impression on the old guys," He said as he handed me a warm wet wash cloth. "Clean yourself up."

I washed my face and cock as he told me how happy the trio of alumni was after our little session. When he was satisfied that I was cleaned up, Colin had me put my uniform back on. As he led me to yet another room I had not been to, he explained that it was time for the pledges to begin bonding. Though no had put it quite that way, I knew the three of us had already begum to bond. Sharing the pledge experience had the effect of bringing us close together quicker than we likely would have in any other situation. 

The room was large and rather oddly furnished. There was a double bed with a huge antique wooden headboard and foot board. The bed posts had rings attached that clearly were made for securing ropes. On the other side of the room was a sitting area that seemed to be set up to view activities on the bed. The scene made me wonder if some of the brotherhood's rituals involved having a member tied to the bed while others watched. I didn't have time to ask Colin about the purpose of the room. 

"I will put your new books with the others," Colin informed me as he left me.

Jason was already there. Jerry had not yet arrived. I wasn't sure if it was because he was still with his alumni group or to give Jason and me a chance to bond one-on-one. I figured the council knew that Jerry and I were teammates and that I had never met Jason before the previous night.

"Hey John, have a good time?" Jason asked as I looked out the window at the rapidly setting sun.

"Yeah, it was something," I replied as my second night of initiation began.

"So what do you think they meant by bonding?"

"Fuck who knows. I just hope they aren't expecting it to be sexual bonding. Those old guys wore me out," I said hoping he didn't take it as a rejection.

"Yeah, fuck, I never thought old dudes had so much stamina!" He exclaimed as I joined him on the sofa.

"My group wasn't really all that old," I said. "Two of them were somewhere in their fifties I think and one less than thirty-five."

"So you didn't have to suck any really old cock then."

He told me that he was with two guys over seventy and one who was about thirty. 

"It was a little weird at first sucking a guy older than my fucking grandfather. But man when he rode me he could have been a young stud. He fucking reamed my ass good. He had a huge cock and no problem getting it up."

"You think it was a Viagra special?" 

"Fuck who knows. All I know is that all three of them had nice big cocks and my ass was filled to capacity. The other old guy was a great fuck too. But the best part was when I had the younger one in my mouth while getting my ass plowed. So did you get fucked good?"

"Didn't get fuck'd at all."

I started explaining about my session. About halfway through, Jerry joined us. I had to go back to the beginning to catch him up. They both thought the facials I got were very hot. After that Jason retold his story. Then it was Jerry's turn. He had been with a mix of ages. One was about sixty-five; the second was in his early fifties and the third maybe forty. He had fucked the two younger ones and sucked and been fucked by all three.

"Man, those dudes must have been saving their jizz for weeks. I thought I was going to fucking drown when the first one came in my mouth and I can still feel that shit leaking out of my ass."

By the time our TM's joined us I did feel closer to my fellow pledges. After sharing a proper greeting we were ordered to strip. At that point getting naked in front of others had become natural. The three of us quickly shed our shorts and tee shirts. 

"We have left you alone to talk and work on the bonding process with your fellow pledges, Caleb began. "Throughout time there will always be a special connection amongst you. You are a small pledge class and likely will be even closer than some who have come before. Thus far only mental bonding as occurred between you. Now you shall add the bonds of physical contact."

I had wondered some about our small number. Considering the size of the brotherhood it seemed at least fifteen new members a year would be needed. When I got to reading the books I discovered that the active size ebbed and flowed with the number of suitable candidates. I also found out that the spring pledge class was generally significantly larger than the fall group.

"John step forward," Dom said sternly. 

I took two steps toward the TM's and awaited further orders. 

"Jason move behind John and press your body to his while embracing him," Derrick ordered.

Suddenly I felt warm flesh pressed against my body. I felt Jason's soft cock pressed between us and I felt his hands slide around my torso. A rush of excitement set my spine to tingling. Dom stepped up and began to guide Jason's hands over my skin. He moved my fellow pledge's hands to my chest. I felt his fingers tease my hard nipples before his hands were moved to my stomach. Dom pushed one of Jason's fingers into my navel. Then the hands moved to my hips. I giggled as fingertips tickled their way to my thighs. Despite being truly sated sexually my cock began to grow. I felt dizzy with excitement. The experience was more like a dream than reality. A hand was on my cock stroking my growing shaft. Fingers were tickling my ball sack. My breathing became ragged and my heart beat rapidly. 
