 Happily it was Sunday and my first exam wasn't until Tuesday. I was wiped out from the weekend and wanted nothing but sleep after my pledge mates and I had breakfast together. Unhappily my roommate was in the dorm when I got back. He of course wanted to know what had happened at the frat house. It took way too long to convince him that I couldn't tell him.  He kept trying to induce me to talk by swearing he wouldn't tell anyone so I would be safe. Finally I went off to the shower in hopes he would drop the subject after I got back. I later learned that he was paid by one of my future brothers to test me. It was not my only test of the day. Since the bathroom connected to our room was in use I went to the shared four-person shower in the hall. 

A minute after I got in the shower I was joined by two guys. I only knew one of them. Jessie Charles lived two doors down from my room. I had seen him around but never really got to know him up to that point. He introduced the very hot guy he was with as a friend from another hall. The guy was an inch or so over six feet tall. His head and crotch were shaved smooth. The rest of his body had a little light brown fur which seemed to sparkle against his medium toned skin. He wore a very short cropped full beard and his eyes were like bits of coal. His cut cock and balls were average in size and tasty looking. Had I not been so sexually sated I am sure I would have gone rock solid just from imagining fucking him.

"Craig and I were playing in a pick-up touch game. Our dorm was closer so we decided to wash the sweat off here," Jessie explained as they took the shower heads next to me.  

I offered my hand to Craig. I guess the AOK training was already setting in. When he took hold of my offered hand it felt like a spark passed between us. I had to remind myself that I was under orders not to cum. Of course there was another reason for me not to get any ideas. Since I didn't even know if Jessie was into sex with guys I had no glue how Craig might react to a proposition. My second concern was quickly put to rest. As I went back to washing myself, Jessie and Craig began washing each other.

"Shower room foreplay doesn't offend you does it?" Jessie asked with a huge grin.

"Um a no it's cool," I answered as casually as I could.

"Cool, it would be great if you joined us. I would love to have the two of you work my ass over," Craig said as he reached over and fondled my balls with his soapy hand.

I went instantly hard. The guy had a great ass. He sure as hell wouldn't have had to ask twice any other time. But I had my orders and even though I didn't think either of those guys were in the brotherhood I wasn't going to go against orders.  

"I can't now. I have studying to do. Besides I wouldn't want to horn in on your party," I said rather unconvincingly.

Jessie moved to my other side and pressed his soapy hard cock against my hip. His cock was a good eight inches and look hot. It is one of those that have a bit of a hook shape and very pronounced purplish head. He was a short compact guy that looked like he worked out daily. I was shocked at how good it felt to have him humping my upper leg. I was equally shocked when Craig began to stroke my cock with his other hand while continuing to fondle my balls.

"Oh come on man. You can take a break from studies," Jessie insisted. "Fucking Craig is a treat not to be missed. I swear he was born with a cunt in his ass. We will both suck you first to get you ready."

I was definitely wavering. I had to fight not to give in when Craig got on his knees and as the shower rinsed the soap from my dick. The next thing I knew my balls were in his mouth. He was one talented ball teaser. I was already panting when Jessie got down next to him and swallowed my cock. If I hadn't cum so many times that weekend I would definitely have gone against orders.  Before things got out of control I somehow summoned the courage to push them away.  

"Really, guys, it feels fucking awesome and you definitely have a very fuckable ass. But I can't. I hope you will give me a rain check."

I grabbed a towel and was in the hall without bothering to dry off. I didn't want to give them a chance to convince me to stay. I was happy to see that my roommate was gone when I got back to the room.  I was in bed and sound asleep in minutes. I woke up in total darkness to the sounds of my room mate fucking some chick.  Normally, I would have just rolled over and pretended to be asleep. But I had to piss so bad it hurt.  After a few minutes of fighting the painful urge hoping they would finish I had no choice. I jumped out of bed and into the bathroom acting like nothing was happening in the next bed.  I must have stayed in the bathroom at least fifteen minutes to give them time to finish. Turned out I gave them more than enough time. When I came back in the room the girl was laying in my bed, totally nude with legs spread like she was on display.

"Damn bout time you got back. I wore your friend's dick out. How about you finish me off baby?" She said will a wicked grin.

"Um damn that is some offer but I think Sammy boy needs to finish what he started. Hey dick-weed, get over here and lick this girl's pussy if you can't get it up anymore," I called to him thinking a girl that spread it like that didn't expect a gentleman. 

"Shit man. Come on help a buddy out. She fucking wore me and my dick out!" He said. "Since when you turn down free cunt anyway?"

I was sure something was wrong at that point. Sam was not really a ladies man. Though he had fucked one other girl in our dorm he never offered to share. In addition, I had never seen the girl before. Seemed really weird that Sam managed to get some chick I never met to come fuck him with me in the room. 

"Shit, I don't know what the joke is, but I am going to take a walk. That will give you two some private time to finish," I said as I grabbed a pair of jeans. 

I think I set a record getting dressed and out of the room. Dom and Craig the guy from the shower met me outside.

"I believe you met brother Craig already," Dom said with a shit eating grin. 

As I greeted Craig properly Dom added, "I am glad you are doing so well with your tests. Craig is our official pledge tester this semester. You are forbidden from talking about him or any of your tests with the other pledges."

"Yes sir," I said trying to hide how pissed I was about the shower scene.

It was almost impossible not to react when I heard the rest of Dom's story. He told me about my room mate being paid to try to get me to break my pledge of secrecy. He also explained that the chick Sam was fucking was a prostitute. She had been paid to fuck Sam and to do her best to seduce me. I assumed Sam was getting more of his reward as we spoke. They didn't explain where my hall mate Jessie fit in the plot. They took me around the corner of the building. There was a place where a stand of bushes offered a reasonably concealed spot. They told me to get on my knees and Craig dropped his pants.

"Come on pledge, get busy sucking me. Damn test left me horny as shit," Craig ordered

I really got into slurping on his hairless cock and balls even though I was scared as shit someone would catch us. It took me at least twenty minutes to make his cock erupt. When I was done I had a very uncomfortable bulge in my pants. 

"Don't forget no orgasms," Dom said as Craig pulled up his pants.

They walked off leaving me on my knees with a hard cock. I decided to take a walk since I had no desire to walk in on Sam and the hooker. I happened to end up walking by Troy's dorm building.  I guess I had subconsciously steered myself in that direction. I needed to talk and Troy was both my mentor and AOK guide. Even though there was a chance I would wake him I went to his room and knocked. After a few minutes of insistent knocking Troy's very hot and nearly naked girlfriend opened the door. 

"What the fuck?" She said in a very unladylike tone.

The last thing I had considered was finding her in the room. I had met Jenny Crothers many times. But I had never seen the long legged blonde hottie so close to naked before that. 

"Shit, John, don't just stand there like some fucking deer about to be run over. Come on in. I am sure Troy will wake up for you," She said with an odd inflection.  

I stepped into the room and she turned on the light. She clearly wasn't the modest type. The bright light revealed the outline of her tits and her nipples pressed against the tee shirt she wore. The shirt was so short that it only concealed her cunt by about an inch. When she bent over to shake Troy I got a great view of her ass and her hairless pudendum. 

"Come on lover boy, wake up! Your little buddy is here," She said as she shook Troy.

At that point I was thinking I had made a mistake going to his room in the middle of the night. Troy finally woke up and rolled over. When he saw it was me he jumped out of bed and gave a proper greeting. It was a bit of an odd scene him standing there naked shaking my hand while his scantily clad girlfriend looked on. 

"What's up, John?" He asked as if it was normal to be jolted out of bed by a male lover while you were with your girlfriend.

"Shit I'm sorry, Troy. I had some stuff to talk about. I didn't think. I oh fuck, Jenny sorry I popped in on you guys."

"Craig put you through the grinder tonight, bud?" He asked. 

I looked at him and then at Jenny. I was surprised he said anything in front of her and I knew that I couldn't talk about brotherhood stuff with her in the room. I was surprised about her expression also. Instead of the pissed-off look I expected she was smiling at me. I remember thinking she had a very sweet smile.

"Um Troy, I can't really talk about that," I said motioning toward Jenny.

"No worries, she has a special girlfriend exemption."

He explained that guys with long term girl friends had a partial exemption when it came to telling certain things about the brotherhood as long as the girl could be trusted. They couldn't reveal any of the rituals and history. But they could tell about some of the sex stuff. I got the impression Troy was very open with Jenny.

"Yeah John don't worry about me. I know all about you AOK guys and how you like to suck each other's wee-wees," She said with a playful laugh. 

I was blushing so much at that point my face felt hot.

"Nothing to be embarrassed about. I think it is hot," She said as she sat down on Troy's bed.

When she sat down the tee shirt rode up and pretty much completely exposed her pussy.  She didn't bother to try to cover back up.

"Any chance I am going to get to see a little show?" She added playfully.

"Well baby, he can suck me, but I can't do him. It would be too much torture. He is on orgasm restriction," Troy explained. 

She burst out laughing, "No shit? You boys really are silly."

"Fuck is everybody trying to drive me insanely horny?" I blurted out.  

"Hey, relax man. You don't have to do anything you don't want here."

"Sorry, John, I wasn't trying to make things hard for you," Jenny added.

When she realized she had made an unintentional pun she buried her face in her hands.  

"It's ok. I have just been propositioned by too many people tonight.  I really hope this isn't another test. I've been through too much tonight."

"This is not a test. You're my friend and if it wouldn't be like the biggest break of brotherhood rules ever for me I would just help you out and let you cum. But this is a big one John. You need to keep a lid on it for a couple of days," Troy explained.

"Can you at least tell me if I am going to have any more tests?" 

"I can't say for sure. Craig is in charge of testing. What tests have you had so far?"

I told him about my adventures in the dorm as completely as I could recall.

"Jeez, seems he already brought in the heavy outside talent. You will probably have a couple of easy days with everyone busy with exams.  Next big thing is Thursday night after exams are over. The last pledge class graduates. You will be part of that ceremony. That is all I am going to tell you."

"Ok, thanks, Troy. I am going to get out of here. You will have to take a rain check on the show, Jenny," I said genuinely sorry to miss the opportunity to play with her in the picture.  

"I will hold you to that," She said still flashing me a shot of her goodies.

"Pledge I think it is only fair that you show her your cock since she has shown you her snatch. Drop you pants!" Troy ordered. 

Having no choice I undid my pants and pushed them down. She whistled as I stood there with my half hard bald cock on display.

"Damn, baby, how come you never told me what nice equipment Johnny has?" She cooed.

"Sorry for the oversight," He said sarcastically as he began to fondle my dick. 

As I grew fully erect he added, "Sorry bud, but I thought she deserved it see your meat in all its glory. 

She was masturbating by the time he allowed me to pull my pants back up. I could hear the bed squeaking as I closed the door behind me. I decided Troy was going to have to make up for teasing me like that by letting me fuck his girl sometime. Since I still didn't want to confront my roommate and the prostitute I went to the library. I pretended to be reading a book while dozing in a comfy chair for the rest of the night. 

The next day was uneventful except for a brief conversation with my room mate about the previous night. He apologized and explaining that the money and the pussy was too good to resist. I forgave him. I knew if he had turned Craig down they would have just Found another way to torture me. The guy down the hall was another story. I ran into him Monday night after dinner and demanded an explanation. 

"Shit, I don't even know what is going on with you two. I lost a fucking bet man. Fuckers probably cheated me but I can't prove that. Anyway, they said they would let me off the hook if I went along with a little game."

"Shit, don't even try to tell me that last night was the first time you put your mouth on a cock," I protested.  

"I wasn't saying that. I have experimented some and it wasn't the first bet I ever lost to Craig. He is one lucky fucker and he likes to be in charge if you know what I mean. I am sure you understand because you sure as hell weren't objecting to the guy sex thing."

"So you didn't know why Craig wanted you to do that?"

"He just told me it was a prank. I have to admit I did think it was strange that he offered me a bonus if I made you cum."  

"So I guess his joke didn't work out like he planned."

"Yeah, whatever, I guess not. By the way I don't know what was up with that stuff he made me say about fucking his ass. He sure as hell never let me do that."

"Part of the joke I guess. Anyway, take care I got to hit the books." 

I wondered if Craig who clearly had dominant tendencies would have actually let me fuck his ass to get me to cum. I didn't bother spending much time contemplating that question. I had studying to do. The next two days went by without any contact from the brotherhood. Exams consumed us all. Thursday as I was on my way to my last exam of the semester Colin caught up to me and gave me a small envelope. The engraved card inside read:

"Your presence is required at a very special event this evening. Your pledge brother has proven his worth and will graduate along will his pledge class to full membership in the brotherhood. Report to your task master at 7:00 PM this evening at the House for preparations.

Clearly the card was not the invitation it appeared to be. Whatever awaited me was definitely a command performance.  I liked Scott and was happy to be a participant in the celebration of his graduation. However, I was somewhat apprehensive about what part my fellow pledges and I might have to play. I had learned that there were eleven pledges in Scott's pledge class. That was a lot of cock for three guys to service. I was so consumed with the anticipation of the evening's activities that I found concentrating on that day's exam nearly impossible. When grades were posted I was relived to have earned a B even though I had anticipated an A in the course originally.

I had another problem that afternoon. Four days without an orgasm; not even a jack-off had me ready to climb the walls.  I figured that for whatever reason they wanted us really horny for the celebration. 

After the exam I tried to busy myself with packing for the break.  Since the official last day of exams was Monday, I had plenty of time, but idle hands were definitely not a good thing for me that afternoon.  I was scheduled to leave for home Monday morning which Dom said was ok since my last required brotherhood function would be on Saturday night. About five my room mate came in from his exam. 

"Jesus fucking christ! Professor Staunton is one ball busting ass wipe fuck!" He exclaimed.

His outburst was just what I needed to help take my upcoming appointment off my mind.

"Hard test?" I asked in my best sarcastic tone.

"Fuck that cocksucker was beyond hard. You want to go hit a bar and get shit faced tonight? I could really use a good drunk to forget this day."

"Sorry man. I have to do a mandatory frat thing tonight."

"Oh, ok cool. Still can't figure how you caught such a break. I didn't even think you were the Greek type. I would give my left nut for the chance to pledge AOK."

"Well I guess it is who you know, bud. I made a couple of friends that happen to be AOKs is all," I semi-lied.

There was truth to the knowing the right guys thing. But I knew it was more that I sucked the right cocks. I had no idea where Sam stood on the subject of gay sex. We had never talked about it and he had never shown any indication that he might be into cock. 

"Shit, I know a couple of AOKs pretty well and I didn't get carried off in the night in my boxers," He said with an odd laugh.  "I guess I can hang it up now and just pledge Delta Tau or Sigma Alpha."

"Well you gotta do what you think you gotta do. But you still have another shot next semester."

"You saying I have an in now that my room mate is in?" He asked hopefully.  

"Shit, I am just a pledge. They won't be done putting me through the wringer by the time they pick the next group. I am pretty sure no one is going to ask me what the fuck I think."

"But couldn't you give me some pointers on what they are looking for in a pledge? Shit you got picked; you must know something that I could be doing to get them to notice me."

I knew exactly what he needed to do. I also knew that I couldn't tell him that he needed to start sucking his AOK friends' cocks. 

"Sorry, I have no idea what made them pick me. But if I learn anything I think could help you get in I will let you know."

He thanked me but was clearly not happy with the answer. I decided to ask Troy if it would be appropriate for me to try to test my roommate's interest in gay sex. That was when I remembered that I had not told Sam that I was moving out that spring. 

"Hey, I have to shower and get ready for tonight, but there is something I need to tell you. I got an opportunity to share one of the campus apartments so I am going to be moving out over break."

I had been told that I had to come back three days early to take care of the moving process.  I needed to be out so the new person could move in.

"Oh fuck man! You are a good roomie. They will probably stick some loser transfer geek in here now. Fuck!"

His out burst surprised me. Sam and I had not really bonded. I guessed that it was my very active social life that I had been the root of that since he seemed to like me more than I liked him.

"Hey, maybe you will get a better roommate. It's not like we hung out much and stuff."

"Maybe, anyway, it is too late to change what has gone by the way. I will have to be more outgoing with the next guy so he will stick around the room more."
