 Life seemed to return to relative normalcy surprisingly quickly after that incident. After our talk Kyle and I fell into a comfortable new phase in our relationship. That phase included his bedding Dante and me fucking around a lot with my pledge mates. For the most part we kept these new activities somewhat discrete from each other. It wasn't so much planned that way, it just seemed that our sex lives diverged at that point. Kyle and I ended up only spending a night or two a week together in the same bed. We didn't have the planned threesome with Dante right away either. I didn't actually see much of the football star for the first few weeks of the semester. Kyle made no secret that they were frequent sex partners but team rules kept Dante from sleeping over and I was often out of the apartment on my own adventures. In addition, swim practice was back in full swing and I was taking a heavy academic load that semester.

As I had imagined the intensity of the hazing had slowed way down. I had separate weekly session referred to as pledge counseling with Troy, Dom and Brock. Troy and Dom at least pretended to be serious about my pledge duties. Except for the first session Brock didn't even pretend that it was about anything other than sex. That first session with him was actually pretty funny at the start.

"Welcome pledge," He said in what I had come to recognize as his fake stern voice.

Then he started in asking me simple questions while making me stand at attention. It was pretty clear he didn't have a lot of experience in the roll of inquisitor. But with Ray gone and Dante emotionally unable to perform the duty other brothers had to step up. Colin was filling the roll for Jerry. His stories of the hot fuck sessions with the diminutive gofer were very interesting. Calvin O'Connell, who apparently was a very gentle lover, was assigned to Jason. Even though I thoroughly enjoyed my sessions with Brock I was a bit jealous of Jason getting so much attention from the sexy redhead.

After the question session, Brock made me strip for inspection. He looked a little disappointed when he found my pubic area smooth as a cue ball. I of course got hard as he ran his hands all over my most private areas. Of course I had ceased to think of them as being all that private by that point. I was surprised when he got on his knees in front of me and took my hard dick in his mouth. He sucked and licked both my cock and balls for a while before he stood back up. By that time I was panting and nearly ready for climax. Brock was a totally amazing cock sucker. He took me in his arms and kissed me deeply before gasping a surprising request.

"God, John, I really want you to fuck me," He said in a low husky tone.

I would have rather cum in his mouth but it was a request that I could not deny. He undressed revealing his huge erection and we got into bed. We made out for a time allowing our hard cocks to rub against each other. 

He handed me a tube of lube and rolled over on his belly after saying, "Please fuck me, John."

He lifted his ass up as I spread his buttocks and began working the slippery lube into his ass. By the time I had two fingers in him he had drawn his knees up and spread his legs. He was moaning as he presented his ass to me. I worked a third finger into him stretching his anal sphincter. He practically begged me to fuck him as he dropped his head down on a pillow causing his ass to move up higher. At that point I was more than ready to give him what he wanted. I moved into position and guided my cock to his stretched hole. Before I could thrust into him, he pushed his ass back and captured my cockhead. I grabbed his hips and pushed my cock to the hilt. He moaned his approval as I ground my cock into his ass. 

As I humped him I could feel my balls dangling against his body. When he demanded that I fuck him harder I reared back practically withdrawing my cock from his body. I drove forward hard and began to ride him using long deep thrusts. His moaning appreciation of the fucking I was giving him spurred me on. It was like I had a wild stallion bucking under me. I could see the sweat beading on his back and feel the sweat on my brow. Our balls touched every time I went deep. He began to jerk his cock and squirm wildly while demanding I fuck him hard and telling me how much he wanted my cum. Impulsively I slapped his ass playfully. He practically roared his delight at my action. I began slapping the side of his ass with each thrust. He cried out and his rectum clamped onto my invading shaft. He was cumming hard. It seemed like an eternity before his muscles relaxed and I could move again. I pulled back and then went deep once more. As I ground my cock inside him I exploded sending a torrent of cum into his bowels. By the time I was finished he was whimpering and I was fighting to catch my breath. 

I fell off of him and pulled him into my arms. We kissed sloppily as we reveled in the waves of pleasure coursing through our bodies. It was at least ten minutes before either of us could form words; longer still before we managed intelligible conversation. We each told the other how great the sex had been. I have no idea about Brock's veracity that day, but I know when I told him he was the best ass fuck of my life I wasn't exaggerating.

"I am glad you think so, John. I love being fucked so passionately and it feels exceptional with you," He said softly before initiating another long deep kiss. 

After that we laid in the bed talking for awhile. The subject of the proposed foursome with the two girls came up. I told him I was definitely into the idea. We decided that the four of us should get together for a non-sexual meeting to gauge compatibility first. That took an unexpectedly long time to arrange. 

In addition to Troy, Dom, Brock and my fellow pledges, I had a number of interesting sexual encounters with other AOKs those first weeks of the spring semester. Since the same type of thing was happening to Jerry and Jason we figured that these too were part of our hazing. One of my most interesting was when I was told to report to Doctor Burton's office for a check up. I thought it was a bit strange but he was an AOK and I was a pledge. I chalked it up to just another part of my initiation as I walked into town that day. When I arrived at his office I discovered that there was neither a receptionist nor nurse on duty. If I hadn't had an appointment I would have assumed that the office was closed. The note inside the envelope address to me I found on the front counter did not explain much.

John, I am sorry my receptionist is off today. I find that works better for brotherhood exams. Please lock the door and come back to exam room three.

Doc Burton.

Though I was a bit skeptical, I had no reason to disobey. I locked the office and walked back to the appointed room. I still didn't see anyone around; only another note for me.

Strip off your clothes and lie on the exam table. I will be with you soon.

Figuring it was just another test I quickly complied with the doctor's orders. As almost always seems to be the case in an examining room the temperature was on the cool side. As I lay on the table totally naked I could feel the goose bumps rising on my skin. I ran my hand over my chest and discovered my nipples were like hard little beads. I hoped whatever was coming would come soon. It was at least another ten minutes before the doctor showed up. 

Dr. Allan Burton was a strikingly handsome man who I judged to be in his mid thirties. The former tight end for the university football team was still very fit. He was about six-two and maybe 200 pounds. Even in his white lab coat I could see that there wasn't an ounce of extra fat on his muscular frame. He had thick jet black hair and amazing dark green eyes. I later learned that although he was bisexual he had never married. Troy told me that brother Doc Burton preferred sex with younger men and that was why he had come back to town to set up a practice. 

"Hello, John, sorry to keep you waiting," He said with a dazzling smile in a cheery tone.

"Oh it's ok, sir. Just a tad cool in here," I said as politely as I could feeling a little foolish lying on my back nude and exposed.

"I see," he added as he walked up to me and ran his warm hands over my goose bumped chest.

He toyed with my hard nipples for a few seconds before walking across the room and turning on a small ceramic heater.

"That should help," he said as he returned to the side of the table.

"Thank you."

He ran his hands all over my torso, arms and neck examining me in a way no doctor ever had before. It was an odd feeling, not quite sexual and not quite clinical. The whole time he was feeling me up he kept up a running dialogue. He asked me questions about how I liked the AOK life and if the sex was causing me any issues. My obvious confusion over the question of sexual issues caused him to ask specific questions about rectal pain and bowel moments. Neither of which I had had any issues with. 

"Very good," He said officiously as he moved to the end of the table and began examining my feet or more accurately massage them.

Then he raised up the stirrups that are more commonly employed when examining women. He put my feet in place leaving me in a very awkward position. My legs were spread open with my cock and balls jutting out like they were on display. He gently massaged my calves and caressed my knees while continuing his inquiries regarding my feelings about the AOK life style. He began to fondle my fully exposed hairless balls as he asked how I felt about various sexual activities with males. I answered him honestly about what I liked and which things I preferred. It was really the first time anyone had made me think so in depth on the subject. By the time I had revealed to him that I was very into oral sex both giving and receiving pretty much all over the body with guys and my preference for being an anal top with certain guys my cock was rock hard. He continued gently foundling my nuts as he pressed me on the issue of bottoming. I realized that afternoon that I liked it more than I had admitted to myself before. However, when he and I talked later about his opinion of my sexuality he told me I was definitely more of a top as far as anal and even had a bit of a dom side. Before beginning his next series of questions he reached his other hand over me and began stroking my cock while continuing to fondle my balls.

"Now we need to discuss your feeling about sex with females. It is obvious that you really enjoy sex with men. Are you gay or do you also enjoy women?" He asked nonchalantly as he drove me ever closer to orgasm.

"Er I guess I am bisexual. I like fucking girls. Though I have wrestled some with which I enjoy more," I admitted.

"How do you feel about eating pussy?" He asked not commenting on my thoughts.

"I like it a lot. I like using my mouth everywhere on both sexes," I said between involuntary moans.

"Please control your body!" He barked and slapped my belly.

I suppose the look of shock on my face led him to explain.

"In addition, to being a very important physical and psychological exam, this is also part of your pledge testing. As you already know controlling orgasm is one of the tenants of the brotherhood. You must learn to enjoy pleasure without giving into the need to cum."

"Yes, sir," I replied as he gripped my cock and began running his thumb around my glans and over my cum hole. 

The copious amount of precum I was leaking caused his thumb to easily slide over my dick and sent an almost painful level of pleasure down my cock. 

"How many women have you fucked, John," he asked as he let go of my cock.

The puzzled look on my face was due to my having never thought to keep count.

"Are you refusing to answer the question?" He asked sounding annoyed. 

"No sir, I am just not sure of the number," I replied quickly fearing the punishment he might give for that breach of brotherhood etiquette. 

"Well then list them and we shall count them together." Chrissy, Stacey and Donna came to mind immediately. I was a little more reluctant to mention Scot's girl friend and my one time nurse Karen. I had almost forgotten about the night Troy and I got drunk and I finally got to sample Jenny Crothers pussy. To me they were really the only ones that counted. However, the doctor wasn't satisfied. I recalled my first time sharing girls with Jay after the away meet. I am not sure I managed to recall the total number of groupie sessions I had been a part of though I made it at least a dozen more including those from swim team gang bang sessions. 

"So you have fucked at least 19 maybe more women. That is a lot for a young man," He said as he removed my legs from the stirrups.

I didn't really have a reply for the doctor's suggestion that I had fucked a lot of women. My thought was that I had fucked a lot of both men and women. But definitely there had been more times with guys. 

"Turn over and get on your knees with your head on the table," He ordered.

I quickly assumed the required position. He began to give me a very nice back rub as the questioning turned from physical to emotional connections. I told him about Chrissy and Kyle and even my best friend Doug. As he began to fondle my ass cheeks he insisted I examine my feelings for others as well. We talked about Donna who I already knew had I not found the lifestyle I was living I likely would have chosen for a wife. We talked about Troy and Dom. I even admitted to emotional feelings toward Brock. He told me that he was certain that there would be many more emotional connection in my future with both men and women.

"It is very important to understand that you may never have that one and only type relationship. I think already you have discovered that relationships aren't what they seem at first sometimes. Do not let initial infatuation fool you John."

I didn't know how good a physician he was but I was sure he was very wise about love and sex. The things he told me made a lot of sense. I was glad when he informed me that we would be meeting regularly to discuss these and other issues. 

"Now I am going to milk you and then you can demonstrate your cock sucking skills," He said as if explaining some medical procedure. 

I had no idea what he meant by milking me, but I was excited at the idea of sucking the hot doctor's cock. As it turned out milking me meant using his finger to stimulate my prostate until I came in a cup. He placed the collection device on my dick and then filled my rectum to overflowing with slippery goo. I heard him put on a rubber glove and then felt his finger enter me. I almost jumped off the table when he pressed the end of his finger into my prostate. The fucker was a genius when it came to making a guy loose his nuts. He pressed and rubbed my prostate for only a couple of minutes before I felt cum oozing out of my cock. It was an odd orgasm more of a relief to be emptied than the intensely pleasurable experience I was used to having. 

When he was satisfied that he had drained me thoroughly he withdrew his finger from my ass and took the bottle off my dick. After washing his hands he undressed and told me to stand up. I felt oddly nervous as I stood there naked and limp looking at the doctor's older sexy body. I guessed his fully erect cock to be just over seven inches. Something I could easily handle no matter what he wanted. Like many other brothers his dark thick pubic hair was neatly trimmed down to a small patch. Like some other AOK's he had a small tattoo in his pubic area. His was a coiled cobra peeking out from the small bit of hair he left unshaven. His smooth balls and neatly trimmed pubic patch were a stark contrast to the thick soft hair that adorned his abs and legs. I relaxed as I realized that he had no reason to force anything on me. He clearly could have his pick of either gender for sex. 

"Come let's go someplace more comfortable," He suggested.

He led me down the hall to his office. He sat in his big desk chair and I knelt between his legs on the plush carpet. I didn't need any further instructions. He spread his legs so that I had free access to his balls and cock. I licked him from the back of his balls to the tip of his cock and back over and over. He moaned and sighed and told me how good I made him feel. I could feel his genuine appreciation for the pleasure I was giving him. I took his cock head into my mouth and slowly swallowed his entire length. 

As I let him enjoy the feel of having his cock in my throat he moaned, "You are a fucking great hot young cock sucker."

I worked my lips up and down his quivering shaft. I swirled my tongue over his hardness as I lustfully sucked my doctor's dick. He moaned and spoke his appreciation. He kept telling me what a hot young man I was and how well I sucked cock. It was a little odd being praised that way while having sex. It was like I was performing for him. It was also very exciting to be talked to that way. When he came I was nearly gagged by the volume of cum that filled my mouth and ran down my greedy throat. When I looked up his amazing smile and dreamy look told me I had passed his test. But I had another surprise coming. 

"I want you to spend the night with me, please," He said softly as he reached out and caressed my cheek.

Even if I had not wanted to sleep with him, which I did, I could not have turned down the request. He was an important alumni brother and therefore entitled to ask it of me as a pledge. But even more importantly the sincerity I felt in his request for me to stay the night was unlike any such request I had ever had before. He helped me to my feet and then led my up a small staircase to a loft apartment.

"I keep this place for those occasions when I don't feel like dragging my ass home or an unexpected guest pops in," He said with a smile. "I hadn't planned on going all night with you. But I like you and am enjoying being with you. Since tomorrow is Saturday we won't be disturbed in the morning. We can make love all night and sleep late."

We kissed for the first time standing in the small living room. It was a gentle unrushed kissed. Our tongues took turns going from one mouth to the other. I felt his hands slide down my back. This time when he caressed my buttocks it was a very different feeling. There was nothing clinical or doctor-like about the way he was fondling me. The kiss broke and we stepped back from each other. Though we were both semi erect there was no urgency to get to bed and fuck as would have been the case with one of my class mates. His eyes roamed over my body drinking in my naked form. 

"God you are a gorgeous thing," He sighed. "How about a drink sexy boy?"

I felt incredibly comfortable with him and liked the idea of just being together. I knew there would be lots of sex to come that night. But letting it happen slowly felt perfect.

"That sounds good. Do you have beer?" I replied.

"Of course," He said as he turned and walked toward the small kitchen tucked under the bedroom loft. 

I just stood there watching his hot hairy ass for a second. I caught up to him as he popped the top off a bottle of Heineken. He poured himself a glass of expensive looking wine. 

"Cheers," He said as we moved to his sofa.

We sat there talking for a long while. He told me some about himself and his time at the university. He added more of his insights about me. Most of the time his hand was somewhere gently caressing a part of my body and mine was touching him. It was a great conversation and a wonderfully intimate nonsexual experience despite our being nude. After his fourth glass of wine and my third beer he suggested we go up to his bed. 

He stood, took my hand and silently led me to a spiral staircase in the far corner. I was treated to a nice long look at his sexy taut ass as we climbed the narrow winding conduit to the loft bedroom. The unmade bed, boxers on the floor and jeans casually tossed over a chair in the far corner seemed to confirm his assertion that he had not planned to ask me to stay the night. Guys expecting to entertain in their bedrooms generally made some pretense at fixing up the covers. None of that mattered anyway as he took me in his arms at the top of the stairs. Our bodies pressed together as he slipped his tongue into my welcoming mouth. Though I had been with older men on first night this experience felt very different. I envisioned a night of sexual learning as we moved toward his bed. He must have felt my nervous trembling as he pulled me down on the bed with him.
