 When I entered the apartment I was surprised to find it so quiet. I assumed I would find Kyle home and half thought he would be taking advantage of a free afternoon to be fucking Dante. I called out thinking they might be in his bedroom. When I got no answer I decided to check to see if one or both of them were asleep. Kyle's bed was made which probably meant there hadn't been any sex in his room that afternoon. I am not sure whey I was happy that he hadn't been screwing Dante while I was out. The fact that he could have been any number of places fucking the sexy football player didn't occur to me. 

Since I was alone and actually felt the need for the rest the doc had ordered I went to my room. I stripped to my skin and lay atop the covers which was always my favorite sleeping position, totally naked. Since I don't remember anything from that moment to a very rude awakening the next day I assume that I fell into a very deep sleep.

"Fuck man, wake up!" I heard Kyle's insistent voice as I felt my body being jostled.

"Huh, what? Go away!"

"Damn, you fucking missed practice. Coach is ready to cut off your nuts!" I heard another voice say excitedly. 

When finally I opened my eyes I saw that Kyle was sitting on my bed shaking me by the shoulders. Dante was behind him. They were both wearing only boxers. Clearly something had gotten them out of bed. That something was the pair that was standing in my doorway; Terry Holland and Dennis Cantwell. They were two AOK brothers that though I didn't know too well were also on the swim team. When I managed to focus my eyes I saw that I had slept almost 14 hours.

"Oh Fuck!" I exclaimed just as the pain in my ass returned to remind me of the previous afternoon.

"Damn, I heard your ascension was wild but didn't think it would have put you down for the count," Dennis retorted.

"Man, sorry to barge in, but coach sent us to find you. If I had known you were crashed I would have come by on the way to practice this morning," Terry added.

"Yeah, no sweat. It isn't your problem. I fucked up," I replied as I tried to sit up.

"Fuck does it hurt that bad?" Dennis asked.

"Yeah feels a little like one of those fucker's dicks broke off and is still stuck up my ass," I said trying to make light of the issue. 

"I am going to call the Doc. You need to be checked again and he can also give you a note to settle down coach num nuts. Terry why don't you help our brother get cleaned up. I think we have interrupted Kyle and Dante long enough," Dennis said as he turned to go to the other room. 

The look on Kyle's face told me more than I needed to know. He was clearly feeling bad that he had been fucking Dante as I slept.

"Shit, I am sorry. If I had known you needed to get up or that you needed help you know.." He tried to say. 

"Easy, Kyle, no worries. You didn't know and Terry and Dennis will be fine nurses until we see what Doc says," I replied with a huge smile. 

Though I didn't mean to be brushing Kyle off, I liked the idea of being nursed by Terry. He was a cute blond with a very hot body. Though I hadn't seen it hard I knew from the showers his had a sexy cock and a nice pair balls in a wispy nest of blond fur. At under five-ten he was short as swimmers go. I thought I caught the blue-eyed swimmer wink at me as Kyle moved off the bed. As Terry helped me stand up it was obvious that Kyle wasn't going to simply go back to fucking Dante in the other room. If it wouldn't have tipped Kyle off to my relationship with the football hero I would have simply ordered Dante to take Kyle in the other room for a ride. 

Instead I said, "Come on Kyle, give a guy a break," While making a face that I hoped conveyed that I wanted to be alone with Terry. 

My big dense teddy bear didn't get it, but Dante sure did. He tugged on Kyle's arm until the big man followed him out of the room. Terry helped me to my bathroom and turned on the water to fill the tub.

"Man, I can't sit in a tub," I protested.

"Then you will stand in it while I wash you," He insisted.

"You are going to get all wet if you don't take your clothes off too," I said sheepishly.

He seemed very enthusiastic as he striped bare while I stood in the warm water watching. Just as he was washing my cock to full erection, Dennis came in the room. 

"Fuck, the man had so much dick he can't sit on his ass and I find you two getting busy," He joked. "Doc says that we should bring John to the office as soon as we can. He is calling Coach Stevens in the mean time."

"You guys worry too much about the coach," I said while enjoying Terry's soapy fingers tickling my balls. 

"You know, we could get him to the Doc faster if you helped, Dennis," Terry said in a very wicked sounding tone.

"I thought you would never ask," Dennis replied happily as he started to strip. 

By the time Dennis was naked, my cock was rinsed and in Terry's mouth. Dennis came over and wrapped his arms around Terry and started sliding his growing cock up and down the blonde's back. Dennis was a few inches taller than Terry. His skin, hair and eye color were dark. He also had a lot of body hair. It was an amazing and erotic sight seeing the two swimmers with their contrast bodies pressed together. After a few minutes Dennis moved around Terry giving me a good look at his fully engorged cock. His public hair was thick, black and wiry. His cock appeared to be over eight inches. It was cut with a very distinctive dark mushroom head. 

He stepped into the tub with me and took my left nipple in his mouth as Terry continued to slide his lips up and down my shaft. I still have no idea how it could be that I was so horny after the previous day. It was a wonder I could even get an erection. I do know that Terry is a great cocksucker and that I felt great as whatever cum I managed that day slid down his throat. At that point I was so hungry to get one of their cocks in my mouth I went to my knees right in the tub of water. As I knelt in the shallow tepid pool they stood outside the tub on the tile floor. I went back and forth feasting on both dark and light meat until I coaxed both of them to cum down my throat. After that they hurried me off to the doctor's office.

After a through rectal exam that Terry and Dennis seemed to really enjoy watching, Doc once again assured me that I was ok. He told me that there was a lot of swelling that would need treatment. He proscribed the application of an analgesic anti-inflammatory cream every four hours for a couple of days. Since I couldn't apply the salve correctly on my own he recruited Terry and Dennis to be my nurses. It turned out to be rather interesting being finger fucked with painkiller cream for lube. 

I spent the next few weeks entertaining what Kyle called a parade of horny frat brothers. It seemed like all of the AOK was anxious to get in bed with their new little brother. My life was suddenly one continuous rotation of class, sex and swim practice. Of course having so many new partners meant that I didn't have the chance to play with old friends. Even Kyle and I had trouble getting together. The only time I saw him naked over that span was when he joined in on group sex adventures. It was a wild time but I soon had my fill of the visits. I went to Brock and asked if he could slow down the parade. He was actually eager to put the word out to ease off. We hadn't been able to pursue a shared social agenda due to the visits. 

After a couple days rest he and I had our first actually date. We went out to dinner, took a walk around town and then spent most of the night making love in his private room at the AOK house. Somewhere between dinner and bed we had what at the time seemed to be an unimportant but interesting conversation. It turned out to be the most important talk of my life. As we walked through the park Brock seemed a little on edge. I thought it was first date anxiety and since we were in a secluded spot decided to show him how much I was enjoying being with him. I stopped took his hand and then kissed him out in the open. He smiled and told me that he had a couple of things that he needed to talk to me about. We took a seat on a nearby bench as he began.

"I have two things I need to tell you about, John. The first isn't a big deal. The second is very important," He said in his serious presidential voice.

"Geez, Brock is there another test coming up or something," I replied nonchalantly trying to lighten the mood.

"No nothing like that, man. The first thing involves what we talked around the beginning of the semester; a double date with my friend and her friend."

"Oh yeah, I was wondering what happened with that."

"Well it is on. I told them we would take them to dinner Thursday and see where things go. That cool with you?"

"Um, yeah sure. What is the important thing?"

"You have a date next weekend."

"Oh yeah, with who?" I interrupted as he tried to continue. 

"Shut up and let me explain," He said sternly and handed me an envelope.

Inside the envelope was a plane ticket to Florida. Though I immediate had a hundred questions I held me tongue. His tone made it clear I was to be quite and listen.

"You will be met in Lauderdale and driven to the marina. A private boat will take you to Adam Donaldson's private island. As you can see you will not be back until Monday night so you will need to arrange make ups for any classes you will miss."

The whole thing sounded mysterious and more than a little strange. I knew the guy clearly liked me from our first meeting. But having me transported thousands of miles for a fuck seemed very odd.

"What the fuck is going on, Brock?"

"Look, brother Adam was very impressed with you. I guess in addition he took a liking to you when you met. He is a very important man. He has some friends, also very important he wants you to meet. All I know is that he is having some kind of special get together on the island and thought that would be a good time for you to meet all of them at once." 

"So I am not just going for a romantic weekend with a sexy older dude?" I asked in my most sarcastic tone. "Good thing my ass has recovered."

"Fuck get serious! I really doubt he is planning a gang fucking for you. A few of the men may be AOK but from what I know of Adam's associates most won't be interested in fucking young men or any man. Do not even hint at gay sex when you meet these guys!"

"Ok, geez what the fuck is so special about these people?"

"They are wealthy and powerful and if Adam recommends you to them you get to join that club."

"Huh?"

"Look, I know you must have realized there was a lot more to the brotherhood than sex. Well you are so fucking impressive that you are getting let in on the future possibilities early. I am not saying there won't be any sex involved in the weekend. But it will be discrete and likely private between you and Adam. It is not the point of the weekend. You are a lucky fuck. I didn't get to the island until I was on the council for an entire semester."

That was the end of that. Though I tried to get more information, Brock refused to talk about the island or Adam any more that night. Once we were in his bed I didn't give it any more thought until the next day. 

The girls had to reschedule our date. That was a big disappoint as I was hoping the date and bedroom foursome would give me some relief from my almost obsessive thoughts about my Caribbean weekend. The threesome I had with Kyle and Dante that night didn't exactly do anything to turn off my thoughts of wild sexual encounters with Adam and his associates down in the tropics. Even though it was made clear to me the weekend wasn't about sex, I still felt like I was being summoned to the island to be a fuck toy. All that stuff about my future and having it made just didn't register.

I was told to bring only a carry-on with personal necessities. Any clothing I needed would be provided. So I packed a small bag with underwear and toiletries, a tee shirt and shorts just in case. If I was going to be turned into a sex slave for a group of rich men I wanted to have at least the possibility of something to wear for my escape. I was fairly certain that such thoughts were just wild fantasy. Brock drove me to the airport. When he leaned over and gave me a big very enthusiastic kiss before I jumped out of his car I was totally stunned. From the looks I got a few nearby travelers were even more surprised to have witnessed the kiss between two guys. I smiled and even winked at one middle-aged man that I thought was going to shit his pants right there. I was too preoccupied with my upcoming weekend to worry about the queer label being hung on me by strangers. 

The flight to Florida was uneventful. A uniform man holding a sign with my name on it met me at the gate. I think being met at the gate is something I will always miss in our new world heightened security. The chauffer called me sir and took my small bag. I followed him through the terminal and out the main doors. There in a special space at the curb a gleaming limo waited. I noticed that it seemed to be the only vehicle allowed to park on the ramp. The airport police were quick to hustle off all others who tried to stop for more than a minute. I felt odd when the chauffer held the door open for me. I barely had time to absorb all of the luxury surrounding me in the private passenger area of the car before the short ride ended. 

Another uniformed man opened the door for me to get out of the car. He wore something resembling a casual naval uniform and introduced himself as the captain of Mr. Donaldson's yacht, Paul Stavros. Even had his name not proclaimed it, his Greek heritage was obvious. He was deeply tanned on top of a natural dark Mediterranean complexion. His eyes were very dark as was his thick longish hair. I judged him to be in his forties. He was a tall man that had an air that seemed unusual. It was clear that he was a man that wielded authority over others and was well respected. Yet, at the same time he displayed a natural subservience to those he was supposed to serve. Clearly, I was being served. 

Another man in a vaguely naval looking uniform took my bag from the driver. He was much younger, perhaps mid-twenties at most. His accent told me that he was likely of Latin descent. I had little time to observe him as he hurried on ahead of us. Paul as he suggested I address him led me past several docks before turning down one lined with what I would have called ships. The Ft. Lauderdale marina has perhaps the largest concentration of multi-million dollar yachts in world. I was being led past some of the largest and most expensive private vessels ever built. At the end of the long dock I was led aboard one of the very largest of them all. Her crew of twelve stood at attention to welcome me. I later learned that there was additional galley staff aboard as well as a maintenance crew on the island. 

The same young man that had taken my bag led me to my cabin. It was incredibly luxurious and as large as many hotel rooms. It was in the aft part of the boat and had panoramic windows that provided amazing views. I assumed that I was being allowed to use Adam's cabin but later learned that his forward suite was even more spectacular. When the cute Latino sailor asked if there was anything else he could do for me, I felt as if I could tell him I wanted a blow job and he would drop to his knees. However, I didn't test that theory. Instead I asked for a tour of the yacht. Hector as I learned was his name happily showed me the amazing ship as the rest of the crew made preparations to leave port. By the time my tour was finished we were at sea. 

Florida quickly disappeared behind us. Ahead of us seemed to be an endless stretch azure sea. Since Hector's job was to care for the passengers and I was the only passenger I persuaded him to hang out with me. I even convinced him to eat when the waiter brought food out to the deck. He however would not share the beer I was served. He explained that the crew was forbidden to drink while on board. After about four beers I was nearly ready to proposition the cabin boy. The sudden appearance of the captain kept me from knowing if Hector would have gone to bed with me. 

"Sir, I know you have had a tour already, but I thought you might like to join me on the bridge," Paul said in what seemed a genuine offer. 

I wondered if he was just trying to spare his man from being in a situation where he would have to turn down a guest. Having the captain give me a tour of the bridge seemed an honor. I had only peeked in the windows when Hector showed me the ship.

"That sounds great, Paul," I replied, "And it will give Hector a break. I would like to ask a favor though."

"Of course, sir."

"Could you please call me John? I am not really comfortable with being called sir."

"As you wish, John. I am sure it will not be long before you will find being addressed as sir as comfortable as breathing."

We climbed the outer stair that led to an upper deck and the outside entrance to the bridge. To my surprise he stopped before opening the door.

"Since we are being somewhat casual John, I hope you will not take offense at this suggestion. If you are having thoughts about personal needs I know Hector would be thrilled to accommodate you. However, I suggest you save some stamina for our arrival on the island." 

I had clearly been wrong about his motivation. He all but said I could fuck Hector if I desired. He also very clearly indicated that I would need to be able to get it up later. 

"No offense, but I do have questions."

"I will answer them if I can."

"The first is easy, how long until we reach the island? The second is well, how much do you know of Adam's personal needs?"

"We are still five or six hours from docking. As to my employer's personal life I would not have this job if I talked about those matters."

"I am sorry. I did not mean to imply I wanted you to violate any confidences. It is just that you seem to have implied certain things and I wanted to be clear I understood you."

"I am sure you understood me. I know about Mr. Donaldson and his young friends' sexual proclivities. It would be hard to be captain of this yacht and not have seen certain things. As for Hector, I know him well also and I saw the way he was looking at you."

"Hmmmm, you offer up Hector, but what about you, Paul?" I asked boldly.

"I am not exactly sure what you might be suggesting. However, I don't lie to guests so I will say that there is interest. But I will not be the one to cause Mr. Donaldson disappointment this evening. Perhaps if you have interest on the return voyage we might have something to talk about."

"Are you trying to tell me I need to save a full load for Adam?" I asked sarcastically.

"Damn, John, you are fucking persistent! I am not saying anything. I don't know what Mr. Donaldson wants. He doesn't discuss his date plans with me. So I can't tell you if he is going to fuck you or not!" He said clearly annoyed and no longer treating me like a guest. "All I know is I am to take you to the island and then I have to ferry a bunch of very important folks from several points to some big shindig on the island tomorrow."

"Shit, I'm sorry didn't mean to piss you off," I said truly sorry our conversation had taken a negative turn. 

Paul opened the door and quickly dismissed the two sailors who were on duty. The men hurried down the inside stairway.

"Come on in John," He said in a pleasant tone. "You don't need to be sorry. I am the one who should apologize. You are a guest and I should not have disrespected you."

I couldn't have cared less about the conversation at that moment. I was suddenly acutely aware that no one was steering the boat. 

"Paul, it is cool. But aren't we in danger of hitting something with nobody driving?"
