 The next morning I awoke alone. I lay on the bed naked and uncovered with the sun streaming in through the window. As I looked out at paradise I felt like I had been deposited in the Garden of Eden. It was a fleeting thought however as I contemplated what might have become of my companions. I also had concerns about how Adam might feel about the all night threesome. The smell of breakfast being prepared began to waft into the room. As I swung my legs off the bed planning to investigate, I was happy to see a man's robe laid out for me on a nearby chair. Since I thought there might be a cook preparing food in Shelia's kitchen I wasn't to keen on walking out of the bedroom naked. When I did go out what I found was mildly surprising. It was Shelia cooking and Reggie was nowhere in sight. She was wearing a shear nearly see thru robe that somehow made her look even more enticing then when I saw her naked. 

She turned and greeted me warmly with smile, "Good morning sexy boy! Sleep well?"

"Famously, thank you and good morning to you hot stuff."

She giggled and dropped the spatula before running over to me. She kissed me hard and then said that she hoped I was hungry. I told her that I was as she returned to her cooking. When I asked about Reggie she explained that he had to catch an early chopper. Some business or the other needed attending.

"He said to thank you for a grand evening and tell you that he hopes you will fuck him again sometime." She added in such a sweet way that it didn't sound at all crude.

We ate at the counter in her kitchen and then showered together. To my delight we made love again in the shower; ending with her bracing herself against the tile wall while I screwed her from behind. I was surprised to find that she had had clothes brought down from my room in the main house. As we dressed I decided that I should ask about my host.

"Shelia, I have to ask you something. Is Adam going to be ok with what happened last night?" I said rather shyly.

"What happened that you think he might have a problem with, John?" She shot back in the way an old grammar school teacher of mine used to talk.

"Oh I see how it is. You and Reggie fuck me until I am dizzy and then play games the next morning," I snapped feeling a little embarrassed and a lot angry.

"Whoa, tiger. You don't have anything to worry about as far as Adam is concerned. He makes no claim on you," She said calmly in the face of my obvious anger.

"And you and his buddy Sir Reginald, he doesn't make claims there either?" I asked somewhat confused.

"He doesn't make those kind of claims on anyone. Fuck you are in the damn brotherhood! You should understand this shit," She replied clearly becoming pissed at my questions.

Impulsively, I grabbed her arm and took her face in my other hand. I stared into her eyes preparing to defend the brotherhood from an outsider.

"I don't know what the hell you know about our fraternity or why you know it. But I am sure that no member no matter how close you may be would tolerate it being spoken about in that tone," I said in a purposefully menacing tone. 

She was visibly shaken by my outburst.

"John, please, I am sorry. I just didn't; know why you were so concerned. As for what I know about the brotherhood and how I know it, I am the personal assistant to the grand poobah, babe. I believe the term you guys use is a chick with special status. That being as it may you were quite correct to call me on my tone when speaking to a brother."

Her sudden contrite posture threw me off. I wondered if Adam had made her some sort of auxiliary member and she feared I would turn her in for punishment. 

"I'm sorry too, Shelia," I said letting go her arm. "It was odd hearing the brotherhood being spoken of by a woman. Your irreverence on top of that set me off."

As I finished my sentence Adam entered the room.

"As well it should, brother John. Your instincts are amazing," he said offering his hand.

"Good morning, greetings brother," I said as I took his hand.

"Sheila there are some papers on my desk that need your attention. Jeff Cord agreed to the terms last night. John, if you would join me on my daily walk I think we could clear up some of those question spinning around in your head."

Shelia acknowledged her orders and headed for the main house as Adam and I headed down a path that seemingly disappeared into the dense foliage. In places the path wasn't even wide enough for the two of us to walk abreast. In those places I slipped behind Adam. After about a quarter of a mile we came to a longs series of steps that were carved into the terrain. The gently sloping stairs disappeared just ahead of us as it turned around one of the island's jutting rock formations. Adam spoke for the first time since leaving the cottage as we began to climb the stone stairway.

"John, this route is a bit of a workout, but well worth the effort," Was all he said.

The lack of conversation was unsettling.

"Adam, I am sorry if I have disappointed you," I managed to say as we made our way around the huge rock.

"Don't be ridicules. You have done nothing but make me proud and delighted that I have vested my faith in you."

"I thought maybe my sleeping with Shelia and Reggie might be an issue."

"Not at all. I was somewhat surprised that Shelia was so interested in you truthfully, but I never had a doubt that Sir Reggie would get that hot cock of yours somehow."

"Then why the silence? Is there a problem with me having fucked Shelia?"

"Of course not. If you want to talk then talk. I am just focused on getting to the destination. As for Shelia I said I was surprised not angry."

"Are you saying she acted uncharacteristically last night?" I asked growing ever more curious. 

"In the ten years that I have known Shelia she has almost never impulsively slept with a guy she just met. She has never gone bed with any other brothers your age. She tends to be more conservative in her choice of sex partners. Now don't get me wrong she is a wild one behind closed doors with a select few and as you know she is an amazing fuck."

"Wow," Was the only thing that came from my mouth.

Though my exclamation was partially due to Adam's words the major cause was the view that had suddenly sprung up before us. As we came around another turn it seemed the whole of the belly of island was laid out. The foliage was like a green tarp laid out leading to the sparkling azure sea beyond. The splendor of nature's canvas was stunning.

"Is this what you brought me to see?" I asked as I stared awestruck at the view.

"Only in part; our destination is still some distance away. It is a place I take very few people. I think of it as my private Eden," He said in a sincere and almost reverent tone. 

"Adam this whole island is paradise," I sighed happily.

"Some parts more so that others," He retorted as the steps began to descend into the small valley. 

When we again reached soft ground I heard the faint sound of a stream or small river gurgling nearby. As we moved through the thickening vegetation the gurgle became louder. About fifteen minutes after leaving the stone steps behind we emerged into a clearing. Directly in front of me I could see swift moving stream. But there was nothing to explain the loudest of the water until Adam took hold of shoulders and turned me around. I shaded my eyes from the sun and there appeared a pristine stream of foamy water cascading down the rock face. 

He slipped his arms around me, kissed the back of my neck and then whispered in my ear, "Very few humans have ever beheld this sight."

I was awe struck and honored that he was sharing such a place with me. I could feel my flesh tingling and knew he could feel me trembling as I took in the waterfall and surrounding area. He drew me tighter to his body and nuzzled my shoulder. 

After a minute he urged, "Come there is more."

He took my hand and led me along the bank of the stream toward the tumbling waters. At the base of the falls was a narrow opening in the rock. We had to turn sideways to fit through. It was cool and misty inside the small cave. But there was light because a chunk of the far wall was missing. The opening revealed a curtain of falling water. He led me to within a foot of the backside of the falls and then lifted my hand into the streaming water. He let go my hand and bade me to taste as he brought a handful of liquid to his lips. It was cool and perhaps the purest water I had ever tasted. When I turned toward him he was smiling broadly and had a look of pure lust in his eyes. I felt more wanted at that moment than I had ever felt before.

"I want you to make love to me," He moaned softly.

It seemed that our clothes were off in an instant. The cool dampness of the cave was sensual contrast to the warmth of his bare flesh against my body as we kissed. Soon we were on the soft floor of the cave, rolling around on a mattress of moss. Our fingers danced over each other's bodies. His touch sent jolts of electrically charged pleasure streaming over my flesh. We were soon covered in mud. I imagined we looked like some primitive tribesmen who ritually covered their bodies in mud wrestling to prove our manhood. After a long time of rolling around he pinned me to the floor and began to hump his cock against mine. We developed a kind of rhythm rubbing our cocks together while kissing wildly. 

"Oh, god, Adam, I'm cumming!" Echoed off the wall as a surprise orgasm took hold of my senses

Before my orgasm had subsided he had cum too. 

"Wow that was fucking amazing!" I exclaimed once I caught my breath.

"Yeah, but you are one messy fucking lover!" He chimed in. "You chose the bed," I shot back laughing.

"Didn't think about the mud. I have never made love in here before."

"Are you serious? Why me then?" I asked surprised to get such an honor.

"I am not sure. I just knew I wanted to bring you here and make love. I am glad I did, you are very special."

"So are you, Adam," I answered before kissing him softly. 

"I think we need a shower," He said as he got to his feet.

Before I could reply he ran through the curtain of water and disappeared. I quickly ran after him and found myself in a gently swirling pool of water at the base of the falls. We froliced like little kids in the cool waters for at least an hour. 

"John, I would love to stay here playing with you all day, but I have some business I must attend to. I will be busy until dinner but I have the whole evening free to be with you. I hope you will spend your last night on island in bed with me. We can invite Shelia to join us if you like," He said as he held me in his arms.

"Adam, thank you for today and everything. I am totally overwhelmed by you and your generosity and this place. Yes! God! I would love to spend the night in your bed. With or without Shelia that is up to you" I answered excitedly.

He kissed me and then led me back through the waterfall. We retrieved the clothes we had hurriedly shed earlier and quickly dressed. He assured me that they would dry on our walk back. As we made our way along the secret path he talked to me about his plans for my future. He explained that if I took his offer I would start as a summer intern learning his business. Once I graduated he would pay for me to continue my studies at the university graduate business school. In four years with MBA in hand and several summers of learning his business I would be ready to assume an important place in his organization. He added that I was already beginning to occupy an important place in his heart. I accepted his offer without hesitation.

We began to talk some about the people I had met at the reception. He told me that he had had many favorable comments about me as they departed the island. When I apologized for missing the departures he told me not worry about that. He added that the ones leaving by boat were still on the island for a couple more hours. He wanted me to handle their send off. As we reached the end of the stone steps the subject of Reggie came up.

"You know you have another ardent admire after last night," He said causally. "Reggie really likes you."

"He is a great guy and a lot of fun."

"Not to mention that fucking talented pussy he keeps hidden in his butt."

We both laughed and I asked, "Fuck, yeah, how the hell does he do that shit?"

"I don't know. Seems like something that can't be taught."

"Adam, are you sure everything was ok with him? Disappearing without a goodbye made it seem like it was just a fuck he could take or leave."

"Trust me; he definitely would have preferred to stay. But he had business to get to and you were sound asleep. I think his words were something like the lad didn't even twitch when I gave him a big wet kiss on that sexy arse." 

I took him on his word and decided not to worry about Reggie. As we walked past Shelia's cottage, I had a bit of a wistful feeling. I guess the truth was that I wanted her to join Adam and me that night. There was of course no way I would have mentioned that to him since I didn't want him to get the idea I didn't want him. Honestly, I had mixed feelings. Feelings I wasn't sure I should have at all. There was defiantly more than just simple physical attraction going on. 

When we reached the main house we headed upstairs to our separate rooms for showers and clean clothes. He left me at my door after a very hot kiss. As I showered I wished that he had joined me. The thought of another go at putting him up against the tiles stirred my imagination and raised my cock to full mast. Having dried and tossed aside my towel in the bathroom I was a bit embarrassed to walk into the bedroom rock hard and find Adam's valet waiting to help me dress. Though he didn't say anything I was certain he took a good look at my engorged dick as he asked me what sort of attire I would like to wear. As casually as I could manage I told that I would be going down to the docks to hang out and then see off Adam's guests. I left the actual choice of attire to him as I quickly slipped on the brand new underwear he had already laid out. 

Thankfully he didn't object to me dressing myself once he gathered the clothing. He left me with a smile and a slight wink. He had chosen simple clothes appropriate for a warm day outside; khaki shorts and a very expensive designer polo shirt. The Docksider boating shoes weren't really my style but I wore them anyway. Not really knowing what else to do with myself while I waited for departure time I headed down to the dock. Adam's yacht was waiting there, gleaming in the sun, seemingly deserted. 

I went aboard to see if I could find someone with a schedule. I wanted to be sure to be there to see the guests off. I was treating it like my first official duty as Adam's employee. I ran into the first mate as he came up from below decks. He explained that most of the crew including the captain were ashore taking care of personal business. It would be about three hours before the guests came aboard he added and told me to make myself at home if I liked. I decided to take in the sea view from the aft sun deck before going ashore for more island exploration. As I came around the salon on the starboard walkway a vast expanse of shimmer azure sea was laid out before me. The magnificent vastness of the open sea was nearly overwhelming.

As I reached the stairway that led to the sun deck I noticed moment on the deck below. I shaded my eyes to so I could investigate and discovered that Hector was laying on a deck chair totally nude with his cock in hand. His eyes were closed and the glare of the sun likely would have prevented him seeing me anyway. His somewhat short sinewy body was uniformly tanned indicating he spent much time out in the sun nude. Once again I learned that height was not always proportional to cock length. Though I knew he was no more than five-seven at most his cock was definitely well over average length. Sweat beaded and glistened on his muscular arm as he pumped his enticing cock in his fist. 

I knew I should just climb the stairway as I had intended and leave him to finish pleasuring himself. But I was far too fascinated with the show and just stood watching between the two decks. His hand slid up and down his rigid pole and his expression showed genuine passion. I wondered what fantasy was fueling his pleasure. At that point my own cock had grown hard in my shorts. Without thought I began to fondle myself through the fabric as I watched the sexy cabin boy stroke his hot cock in the sun. In another minute desire overcame reason and I practically leapt down the stairway to the deck below. I don't remember if I walked or ran to his side as my mind was a blur.

"Ola, Hector," I said as I stood next to him.

His eyes popped opened and he tried to cover his large erection to no avail.

"Oh sir, I am sorry. Guests were not supposed to arrive for some time. Please don't tell.."

I cut him off and said, "Relax, Hector. I won't tell anyone what a hot sexy guy you are," As I sat down on the end of his lounge chair.

He smiled at me as I began to massage his leg. I worked my hand up from his calf, over his knee to his muscular thigh. He squirmed a bit as my fingers danced over his taught flesh. I moved my hand inside his thigh and tickled him just below his balls. He began to giggle. I would have stopped but his boyish laugh was intoxicating. When my finger tips reached his ball sack his giggling quickly turned to soft moaning. I fondled his large nuts for a few minutes before moving my hand to his long, veiny shaft. His cock was dark hued like his body. Though uncut his mushroom was fully emerged. His cock head was even darker. The chocolate coloring and shape put thoughts of Hersey kisses in my head. 

I shifted position so I could bring my other hand into the game. As I moved my thumb to his leaking cock head I took hold of the base of his dick with my other hand. He stared at me as I slid my fingers into his thick silky pubic hair while rubbing and squeezing his cock head. I bent down and tasted his free flowing precum with my tongue. I moved one finger below his balls and into his ass crack. I teased his tight pucker as I sucked on his swollen cockhead. He moaned something in Spanish that I didn't understand. I lifted my head and looked up at his sweet face.

"Hector, I want to fuck you!" I gasped. "Do you understand?"

"Si. Yes please, cójame por favor, sí!" He gasped mixing languages passionately. 

I knew si meant yes. I didn't care what the rest of it meant. I stood up and quickly stripped as Hector moved to his hands and knees. His ass was too sweaty to lick so I spit into my palm and worked my saliva into his tight orifice. As soon as I was able to get two fingers into him I moved into position behind him. I spit into my hand again and coated my cock as best I could before guiding the head to his winking rosebud. As I pushed forward he pushed back capturing my cock. I was amazed at how easily and quickly he took me deep into his body considering how tight he was and the lack of lube. He began to buck encouraging me to ride him hard. I held on tightly to his sweaty hips as the ride became increasingly wild. He was moaning and saying what I imagined to be sexual thoughts in Spanish as his rectal muscles squeezed and massaged my invading cock. I felt my balls tightening and knew that my climax was building rapidly. 

I looked up and shouted my passion to the blue Caribbean sky. In almost the same spot I had stood watching Hector jerk off, I saw a uniformed figure. The intensity of the sun made it impossible to tell which of the crew was watching the show. Even if I had cared there was no way I could have stopped at that point. Instead, I reached under Hector's body and took hold of his throbbing cock. I wanted him to cum with me and began to jerk him off as I continued driving my cock in and out of his ass. Suddenly his rectum contracted and clamped onto my dick making all movement impossible. His cock spasmed in my hand. He was cumming and from the sounds of his cries it was an intense orgasm. Before the last spurt exited his cock I came deep inside his body. My body jerked around with his ass still clamped onto my dick. Amid the pleasure thoughts of having my dick break off inside him flashed in my head. Fortunately once his orgasm finished he relaxed and my cock popped out of his cum filled asshole.
