 The rest of graduation week was uneventful. There were a couple of bullshit pledge things I had to endure but for the most part me and my sore ass were left alone. I spent most of the time studying and taking exams. There was an odd requirement that I remain naked and sexually available to all the senior brothers while in the house that week. That however was not part of my punishment. Jerry and Jason had the same requirement. The only difference was that my ass was declared off limits which meant I gave a lot of blow jobs that week. My pledge mates on the other hand became the house bitches for a week. I did end up accepting Brock's invitation to sleep in his bed. Interestingly though I sucked at least thirty cocks that week the only reciprocal action I had until the night before graduation was with Brock, Dom and Craig. I barely even saw any of my other friends.

The night before the graduation ceremony my pledge mates and I were taken to a room which had a single large bed. We were told that on our last nights as pledges we were to share a final bonding with those that would forever be our closest brothers. I knew that this was another part of the tradition. It was one of the few times that I considered myself to be especially fortunate to have been in a small pledge group. I was certain that in a larger group the bond between pledge mates could not be as strong as the one we shared. I was even more certain that with more pledges it would have been impossible to have what the three of us had that night. We each got to take the cum of the other two into our bodies. That would have been impossible with a group much larger than our trio. 

I already knew that the incoming group of pledges was large even for a fall group. There were seventeen new pledges. Because of the size of the group it would not be possible for the three of us to fully break them in as the eleven members of the group before us had done for us. To make the numbers work our mentors, guides and sponsors would join with the three of us and the council in the graduation night orgy. With my ass still sore and a very busy week sexually, I was not at all sure I was up to providing much of a test to the new pledges. As it turned out I am not sure I can say how much of a test I provided. That night like the majority of graduation weekend is a blur in my mind.

The truth is what I imagined would be a very exciting time was a bittersweet occasion for me. I was thrilled to be a full member of the brotherhood. I knew it was where I belonged and that my brothers would always be the people I would be closest to. A weekend of large wild sexual orgies was thrilling. But other than the associated ritual I knew I could have that experience often. This isn't to say that I don't enjoy the rituals. The truth is I find them amazingly erotic. That is probably why I have been an alumni participant in pledge activities as often as possible. However, there was a cloud hanging over the excitement and fun of that weekend.

A few days after the pledge graduation ceremony was the college's spring graduation. Many of my closest friends were graduating seniors. I knew when we parted that semester that it would be for more than the summer. While we would always be brothers and no doubt would see each other, I knew it would not be the same. In many ways the end of childhood truly comes when the president of some college shakes our hands and we accept a diploma signifying our accomplishments. Some may get one more summer of youthful indulgence. Others eke out a kind of extended end to childhood by going to graduate school. But soon after we receive our degrees we begin to stop referring to ourselves and our friends as kids. We get jobs; we start families; we have mortgages and car payments and all the other responsibilities of life. We become adults even if we wish we could stay kids forever. There is no never-never land where Peter Pan will lead stray boys in play forever. 

Even though there is a fog surrounding my memories of that wild exciting weekend, I retain glimpses of the experience. There was my last night as a pledge. Jerry, Jason and I were three naked boys laughing and enjoying each other's bodies in a weirdly innocent way. It was as tender and loving a sexual experience as I have ever known. It was joyous and playful. It was the beginning of two years of incredibly close friendship and wonderful comfortable sexual connection. The three of us have never lost touch or even failed to get together at least twice a year since that weekend to renew our special bond. 

I also remember the incredible pride and joy I felt standing naked before an assembly of active and alumni brothers as I took the final pledge of brotherhood. I can still see Adam's beaming face in the front row as he applauded my pledge mates and me. I can hear Brock's voice speaking the words that ordained me forever as his brother. I vividly remember the way each of the new pledges touched me so gently as they spoke the ritual words of bonding. I even remember moments from the orgy that followed. 

There was the cute blond kid that I had never met who enthusiastically sucked my cock. He was so eager to please his new big brother and very talented at oral sex. There was the huge starting linebacker from the football team whose body was a mass of rippling muscles. I can still see him on his hands and knees smiling broadly as brother after brother road his ass and declared him to be a hot little bitch. I can still hear his deep baritone voice moaning and begging the guys to fuck his cunt harder. There was the pair of African American twins that were truly identical down to the look and size of their impressive brown cocks. When they gave me a double team blow job I discovered that they even sucked cock exactly the same way. Had I closed my eyes I don't think I would have know that they were switching off. 

Oddly I don't remember finally dragging my spent body off to sleep alone in Brock's bed that night. I discovered the next day that he had busied himself in another bed with a couple of the pledges. I recall the strange feeling I had waking alone in his bed and the bad case of thirst that sent me to shower room that morning for water. After drinking a large quantity of water directly from the spigot I jumped in the shower where I discover some of the brothers were already taking advantage of their power over a few of the new pledges. As I stood under the flowing warm water I watched two of the pledges move to the far wall and press their palms to the tiles. They bent and spread their legs as instructed by a couple of my brothers. 

Jack Johnson and his room mate Phil Conners a couple of wild guys who made no secret of liking to break in the new guys even though they were more often bottoms were giving the orders. With no additional prep they mounted the pledges and began fucking them hard while slapping their asses. Soon the sound of ass slaps and loud moaning was reverberating off the tile walls. The noise completely drowned out the slurping sound the twins were making as they sucked a pair of cocks just outside the shower area. Of course my own cock grew hard as I watched the scene unfolding before me. I didn't have to wait long for someone to pay attention to my apparent need. Colin Steiner came into the shower room with two more pledges in tow. I had not previously had the pleasure of getting intimate with either of Colin's companions. 

One that I knew from swimming, Kenny Jacobs, was almost a prototype swimmer. He was tall and lean with powerful leg muscles. He was hairless which made his fairly average sized cock look longer. I knew the lack of body hair was due to shaving or waxing but was fairly sure he was not very hairy in the first place. Since he was one of those guys that also kept his head smooth, I had no idea of his hair color but figured it was light. When he came over to greet me properly I noticed his eyes for the first time. The color was very light and the best way I can describe it is to say they were teal. I had to force myself to stop looking at his intriguing eyes when Colin introduced the other pledge. 

Zack Nealon was at least three inches shorter than Kenny. He was also much stockier but not in the way Colin was stocky. Zack's nearly all over tanned body was perfectly toned. I guessed that he was either a wrestler or football player. I soon found out that he was an NCAA champion wrestler in his weight class and standout halfback in soccer. He clearly spent time in a tanning bed with little more than a patch of cloth covering his dick and balls. The other quickly noticeable deference between the two pledges was Zack's body hair. The muscular stud was what could only be called furry. His naturally brown hair had clearly been made many shades lighter by the tanning bed except of course for the immediate area around his cock. The contrast of the lighten hair against his tanned skin and the small area of pale skin with a crown of slightly darker hair gave him an interesting and very sexy look. 

I was pleased when Colin guided Kenny to another shower head and began making out with the tall swimmer under flowing water. That left Zack with me. He didn't need any instructions about the care of my hard cock. We shared a brief kiss and then he dropped down to his knees in front of me. He deftly fondled my balls as he swirled his tongue around my pulsating cock head. When he took my cock past his lips and all the way down into his throat in one easy motion I moved back slightly so that my ass was pressed against the tiles. I grabbed his shoulders to brace myself as I watched him suck my cock in and out of his mouth while the flowing shower ran down his body. When I felt my seed begin to rise in my loins I wanted to stop him. I wasn't ready to cum. I wanted more than a quick shower blow job from the sexy pledge. I squeezed his shoulders and tugged to indicate I wanted him to stand. I had to really dig my fingers in to convince him to leave my cock.

After a quick deep kiss I asked him to wash up and meet me in the towel area. He quickly complied with the request and finished his shower before I finished drying off. When he joined me I kissed him again before handing him a towel. He did a perfunctory job of toweling off before looking around the room as if asking if we were going to continue there on one of the small benches.

"Let's go down the hall," I suggested breathlessly.

New sex has continued to excite me in ways I can not describe. I can say that my heart was racing as I led him out into the hall. Both of us were naked and hard. I glanced at his face and saw the familiar look of discomfort that parading around the hall naked and aroused brings to new pledges. I remembered all too well the feelings I had as a new pledge when I was led around in that condition.

"You will get used to it," I said in the most reassuring tone I could muster.

Then I impulsive pulled him into my arms and kissed him softly. As it happened there wasn't any reason for his concern s we saw no one else in the hall while making our way to Brock's room. I was happy to see that Brock was still elsewhere when we got there. I wanted Zack all to myself. I closed the door and pushed him toward the disheveled bed. He smiled up at me as he fell back onto the mass of tangled covers. I pounced on top of him and began to suck on his hard chest. His nipples were like beads atop his toned pectorals. His giggles and moans of pleasure resulting from my licking and nibbling on his tiny boy tits were like an aural aphrodisiac. I rubbed my own hard cock against his body as I continued my oral assault on his chest. Soon however the feel of his hard cock against my flesh drew me away from his nipples. 

I kissed my way down his ripped abs lingering just a bit at his tiny navel. I teased the rim of his little bellybutton hole with my tongue while tracing his well defined cuts with my fingertips. I followed that by nuzzling his pubic patch. Then I blew on his ball sack while nuzzling his furry thighs. He began to stroke my head as I moved my lips to his fat cock head. My first taste of his precum was like exotic ambrosia. The free flowing fluid was sticky and a little sweet. I licked his cum hole as I coax more of the treat by stroking his twitching cock. I began to suck his thick meat all the time thinking that Zach was an amazingly beautiful man. 

His moans grew louder and became interspersed with words praising my cock sucking skills. He was an incredibly appreciative lover. Not wanting his to cum too soon I let his cock slip from my mouth and began to tease his hair cover ball sack with my fingertips. His balls were small especially in contrast to his larger than average cock. I gently rolled them in my fingers, enjoying the feel of his small eggs. I soon discovered that Zach was quite ticklish. He had a wonderful laugh that was at once playful and erotic. Though I had never really engaged in sexual tickling much before that I decided to push the envelop and began to tickle his thighs. His panted protests between giggles were clearly put on. There was no mistaking the pleasure he was feeling. I tickled and kissed my way back up his body. Our lips met as I teased his sensitive arm pit. When the kiss broke he gently pulled my fingers away from his body so he could speak. 

"How did you know?" He gasped.

"Know what?" I replied not understanding the question.

"About my thing for being tickled. No guy has ever caught on to it so easily. Fuck, I am usually afraid to mention it at all. Only one that ever really fully indulged me was a girlfriend I had a couple of years ago. She had the same thing so we took turns tickling each other."

"I don't really know, I guess the way you reacted when I was playing with your balls gave me the idea."

"Well damn you got my motor roaring."

"Cool, just out of curiosity though if you and the chick were so well matched why is she an ex?"

"Well, thing is I am not so much bi as I am gay. She is still a good friend and we have had a couple of play times since."

"Oh cool. By the way you are fucking gorgeous."

"Damn, thank you. You are amazing, John, er oh shit brother, um sir..damn!"

"Relax, Zack, everything is cool. If other guys are around you have to do that submissive pledge thing, but when we are together privately, I would be happy if we were just two guys having fun."

"Wow, really. I thought all the brothers would be constantly looking for reasons to give me the paddle."

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm maybe a I should give you a little spanking," I teased.

He smiled and we shifted into a sixty-nine position. I tickled his balls and licked and sucked his cock while he deep throated me. Soon we each had a nice warm feeling in our stomachs after swallowing the other's cum. That was when I discovered how nice it was to cuddle up Zack. 

"John, can asked you something?" He said in a very shy way.

"Jeez, I can still taste your cum, I think questions are fair."

"Well you said we could just be two guys having fun when we were alone. Does that mean you might want to do this again?"

I reached over and tickled his belly as I replied, "Fuck yes. Damn Zack, you are hot both in looks and actions."

"So it is ok for pledges to make love with full fledged brothers?"

"For sure, but lets not get ahead of ourselves here."

"Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to imply that we were going to be a couple or anything. I just well really like you so far and that was the best first time sex I ever had with anyone."

"Wow I am humbled, even if it was just because of the tickling. But I can assure you that you will have loads of opportunity to assess first time lovers. I am sure that you're going to be a very popular guy."

He blushed and giggled and reached for my cock. Soon he was on his hands and knees sucking me like I had the best tasting cock he had ever found. Unfortunately, that immensely enjoyable blow job was interrupted.

"Fuck, John, you are going to get this pledge in a shit load of trouble!" Colin exclaimed as he closed the door behind himself.

Zack froze clearly fearful of the trouble he might be in.

"Greetings, brother Colin," I said calmly, more to let the gofer know he was remiss in not greeting me properly than to fulfill my own duty.

"I am sorry, greetings brother John," He said sounding contrite while extending his hand to me. 

I reluctantly stood and shook his hand as I asked, "So what is the issue and what can I do to make sure no blame is cast on this delicious pledge?"

"He was due five minutes ago at a pledge meeting. I will assure the task masters that he was legitimately detained. But I could use a good word from you to Brock. I was supposed to tell all the pledges but was too into the one I was fucking when you took Zack from the shower."

I laughed and told Colin not to worry. As I watched Colin lead my sexy new friend off I decided that the upcoming year might not be as lonely as I had thought. My thoughts of Zach replacing some of my departing bedmates were interrupted by Brock's return. After we compared notes on the pledges we had fucked he told me that I should get ready for my date with Adam. To my surprise I was being given a one night reprieve from my confinement. Adam had a private celebration at a nearby hotel planned. I took yet another shower and got dressed in clothing provided by Brock. As I got dressed Brock watched me and we talked. Although it felt a bit odd having my big sexy friend laying nude on his bed stroking his cock while watching me dress for a date with another man it gave me a chance to put the good word in for Colin. He told me that there was nothing to worry about since half the pledges were late due to being occupied with their new brothers. We shared a laugh and then I suggested I kill the rest of the time I had before the limo arrived by sucking his cock.

"You are going to have to work hard to get me to cum in that short time!" He teasingly challenged.

I walked over and grabbed his ankles. In what would have been a futile gesture if he resisted I tugged him to the edge of the bed and then got on my knees between his legs. Since his cock was already hard and dripping I didn't need to do much preliminary work. I licked the precum from his cock head and then began sucking him. I took him as deep as I could while foundling his balls exactly how I knew he loved to be touched. As I used my lips, tongue, fingers and even teeth to stimulate him, I realized that I knew Brock and his body very well. Soon he was moaning in a way that I knew meant I would soon be swallowing a nice thick dollop of his creamy cum. 

"Oh fuck, yes, jesus, baby!" He called out.

In another second his cock spasmed in my mouth and deposited a creamy treat on my tongue. I kept sucking as I drank down every bit of his musky seed. After that we shared a quick kiss and I wiped my face on a towel I had discarded on the floor.

"Have fun tonight lover," He said to my back as I left the room.

I managed to get to the front door a few seconds before the limo pulled up. The uniformed driver jumped out and held open the rear door for me. As I climbed in I discovered that Adam was waiting for me with a Cheshire cat like grin. 

"Greetings brother John," He said as he extended his hand.

I returned the greeting and took his hand in mine. He pulled me onto his lap and pressed his lips to my open mouth. As the limo pulled away from the curb we shared a deep passion filled kiss.

"Congratulations John, I have a very special night planned for you to celebrate your graduation to the brotherhood," He said as I slipped off his lap into the seat next to him.

"I have a suite for us where I thought we would start off with a nice private dinner. After that I have a surprise that I hope will please you," He continued. 
