 My first week as a full fledge AOK and last week of the semester was for the most part uneventful. I remained under house arrest and only got to leave the frat house three times. Twice for exams and once to organize the packing of my things at the apartment. The pledges were assigned the task of packing and moving my stuff to my new room. Since I was going to be on the council the following year I was going to be living in the AOK house. Ending my shared living arrangement with Kyle was sad but probably a good thing. Though we were not the couple we had envisioned and had acknowledged that fact, we could not truly move on while roommates. Kyle had already found another AOK to be his roommate for the fall. I never asked if he would be sharing Kyle's bed. 

I packed my own suitcase with those personal items I could not live without over the summer. I had been informed that appropriate clothes would be waiting at the apartment Brock and I would be sharing in Brussels. I was told little else about my summer except that we would be visiting several cities and I had to be there ten days after school ended. My mother was unhappy to learn that I would be home for just over a week out of the whole summer.

In a way my last week on campus was like an extended goodbye. Most of the seniors would be gone when I returned to campus in the fall. A few like Brock would be staying for graduate school and living in town. But most would be off to start careers or graduate study at other universities. Troy was going to an Ivy League law school. Dom was starting as a management trainee at a company owned by an AOK alum. Dante was headed to the NFL and stardom. Scot, Gary, Ray, Randy, Calvin and Caleb were off to various parts of the country. I knew I would see them at brotherhood functions in the years to come. But our relationship would never be the same. 

The week was filled with a lot of goodbye sex. Troy and Dom each spent a night with me. Kyle and Dante came by together for an afternoon romp. There were others that came by for quickies and a whole group was there one day for a wild orgy. Since I was confined to the house and the no female rule was in full effect I didn't get to see any of my female fuck buddies before leaving campus. Interestingly the most memorable liaison of the week wasn't with an old friend. It was with my new friend and pledge, Zack. 

I was very attracted to him and glad that I would have the opportunity to get to know him better in the coming semester. My position on the council would provide many opportunities to bed the sexy wrestler. Two days before I was scheduled to depart I was surprised to run into him at the house. He was in the second floor corridor of the house looking lost when I came out of the shower room around midday. I managed to take full advantage of the happenstance of the meeting.

"Greetings pledge, why are you still on campus?" I asked as I offered my hand.

"Oh sorry, greetings brother, I am..er..I am leaving tonight and I left some of the books I was given here I think."

He was obviously disoriented. Which I assumed was due to some all night hazing ritual he had to endure before leaving for the summer. However, I could not let slip his failure to take my hand or use my name while greeting me.

"I am sure we can help you with that. However, first I must deal with your failure to execute a proper greeting, pledge!" I said sharply.

"Oh god, I am sorry, brother, sir, damn please don't fail me," He said in a sincerely contrite tone. 

"Calm down. It is not serious enough to warrant denying you a chance to prove yourself. Come to my room and I will have Colin locate your books while we take care of correcting your errant ways."

As we walked down the hall together, I felt a great deal of pride in my transformation. I was a brother and almost instinctively conducted myself in the proper manner. I guided him into my room and took note of his trembling as I closed the door. I let him stew in his unwarranted fear as I called Colin. Though I wasn't going to be president as an incoming council member he would still jump at my word.

"One of our pledges Zack Nealon seems to have mislaid some of his study materials. I was hoping you might be able to locate them. I will be dealing with a training and discipline issue with Zack. Please just leave the books in the parlor once they are found," I said into the phone in a formal tone.

Colin acknowledged my request and assured me that the books would be ready by the time I finished with Zack. I knew that the bright sexy council gofer completely understood what I would be doing with the pledge and that we would have total privacy.

"You really should not be so fearful, Zack," I said calmly as I turned toward him and let my towel fall to the floor. "The brotherhood is about helping each other to be the best."

"But, Sir, I know that punishment is swift and severe for pledges that err."

"It is swift and fair, I would say," I retorted as I walked over to him. "Punishment is nothing more than a lesson. Pain triggers memory response and helps us not to repeat the failure."

I was quoting exactly from a ritual text. I could see in his eyes that he had no idea that the words were not mine.  

"Zack you have much work to do it seems. There is a proscribed reply to those words that you should know; just as you should know by now the proper greeting of a brother. There is much ahead of you. The brotherhood offers rewards you can not yet imagine. With that comes the requirement of discipline and commitment. Are you sure that the pledge you made the other night is truly what is in your heart?"

"Yes, brother, I am committed to proving my worth and becoming a brother of the AOK. I am sorry that I have not yet been diligent enough in my studies to know the response you sought. The failure to greet you was inexcusable I know, but it was due only to my concern about the missing books and not a disrespect of you or the ways of the brotherhood."

"It is good that you know that there is no excuse for failure. The earnest words you spoke were in fact close in meaning to the ritual words. Those words are: I welcome punishment so that I may learn. I acknowledge my failure and submit myself freely to your judgment and discipline. You have said your apology and recognized your failure. Do you also accept and welcome the punishment?"

"Yes, sir. As I pledged the fair judgment of the brotherhood is all I seek."

"Bare yourself."

Zack quickly stripped off his clothes and stood naked before me. We were both erect and my true wish was to take him into my arms and embrace him tightly as we kissed. But there was a time for that and the matter at hand required a punishment. Sex would come later. I told him to bend over my bed and prostrate himself. He assumed the position perfectly. I smiled as a picture of him being trained to expose his ass for punishment came into my head. It was a bare hand spanking which was not nearly as rough as I imagined he expected. However, it did leave his ass red and warm and my palm stinging. He quickly complied when I told him to stand up and turn around. I was glad to see his cock was still rock hard. 

"When next a brother offers his hand the memory of the sting will hopefully remind you to return the gesture properly."

"I promise I will not forget the generous lesson you taught me. Thank you for being so caring as to take the time to offer me discipline."

I was pleased to see he had learned at least that small amount of ritual.

"As we punish we also show love and share pleasure. Gratitude expressed physically is far more earnest than mere words."

He dropped to his knees and whispered, "May I?"

I nodded and he gently took my cock in his hand. Shivers ran along my spine as he slipped his warm tongue out and touched the very tip of my swollen cock. After a few sensual licks he engulfed my cock in his warm talented mouth. Zack was clearly well practiced at sucking cock. He took me into his throat and out again as easily as one might take a breath. He used his tongue to caress my cock and his fingers to tease my balls as he slid his lips up and down my shaft. My arousal began to rush toward an apex like an out of control train hurdles down the tracks. As I looked down watching that beautiful young man suck my cock I wanted it to go on forever. Intense pleasure filled my body and took me ever higher. But somehow I managed to stop him before falling over the edge of the precipice. 

He looked up at me with confusion on his face and mouthed, "Did I do something wrong?"

"No, it was perfect. I just want to hold off the end for a bit," I panted and pulled him to his feet.

Our lips came together. As we kissed wildly he stumbled backward and I fell atop him on the bed. I quickly kissed my way down his body and began to feast upon his cock. I moved to his balls and gorged myself on his tasty little nuts. He thrashed about and moaned loudly when my tongue stabbed at his perineum. I lingered at the base of his balls for several minutes kissing and licking his flesh like a mad man before retuning my attention to his throbbing pole. As I sucked his cock I cradled his balls in my palm and moved my fingertip to his tight asshole. His body jerked and he unexpectedly thrust his cock into my throat. I fought off the gag reflex and pulled back. Holding just the head of his hot cock in my lips I pushed my finger into his body. Once again I was rewarded with the sound of his incredibly seductive moans. Once I had my finger all the way inside his anal canal I returned to sucking him lustfully while massaging his prostate. It wasn't long before he sent a stream of cum down my throat. 

I gave him only a few seconds to recover before I moved up and straddled his face. I grabbed a pillow and shoved it under his neck as I pushed my aching cock against his soft warm lips. He opened his mouth and I slid my cock along his tongue to the back of his mouth. His throat seemed to open up for me. I was able to easily fuck his face, going ball deep in his mouth with each thrust. Though trapped under me and mostly helpless he did his best to use his lips and tongue to enhance my pleasure. Within a few minutes my cock was gushing in his mouth. I pulled away and lay next to him enjoying the feel of his warm flesh against mine as I recovered from my orgasm. After a few more minutes I remembered that I had an appointment to go over some council stuff with Eric Thompson.

"Zack, I am sorry. I would love to stay and fuck all night with you but duty calls."

"Thank you for an amazing time, brother John. Damn I wish it wasn't summer."

I smiled and told him that we would have plenty of time to be together come fall. Then I tickled him for a minute before slipping out of bed. As I dressed and watched him dress, I wondered if I really would have a lot of time for him in the fall. I was on council and there were a lot of pledges to be dealt with. In addition, as I was quickly learning there was more to being on the council than I knew. I decided that with most of my friends gone I could make time if I wanted to. At that moment I wanted very badly to make time to fuck Zack. I walked him down to the parlor where as I expected we found his books waiting. After a very wet deep goodbye kiss he headed out the front door and I went to see Eric. I thought a lot about Zack as I finished my goodbyes over the next two days.

Adam thoughtfully sent a private plane to take me home so the trip was quick and easy. The brand new car that the attendant told me was mine was a major surprise. A very sweet note from Adam informed me that it was the rest of my welcome to the brotherhood present. There were also some suggestions of an intimate nature regarding a visit to see me in Europe. I could tell that my mom was suspicious about all the changes in my life. A brand new expensive car and a summer job in Europe didn't add up to her. I am not sure what she thought I was involved in or whether she would have preferred it be criminal activity to homosexual fucking. Most of her obvious concerns were thankfully left unsaid though she did grumble a couple of times about the mysterious rich man that was stealing her boy. 

Doug Thompson was extremely disappointed when I told him that I wouldn't be around all summer. After a wild afternoon of sex he confided that he had been hoping that he and I would have a summer-long fling. He had gotten engaged that spring to a girl at college and wanted to get enough cock to last the rest of his life that summer. With so much to do in a short time I wasn't able to get together with him even one more time. He got married the next summer but it didn't last long. A couple years after the honeymoon she caught him in bed with a guy that lived next door to them. She forgave him but couldn't live with a man that had those kinds of desires. We are still friends but haven't had sex in years. He moved to New York and has been in a committed gay relationship for a long time. 

I managed to hook up with Donna Stillman once that week also. Her parents were away and we spent the night together at her house. It was a wild and exciting night of passion. I figured it was because she was the only woman I had been with since Felicity. Even with all the guys I was fucking, I still wanted pussy regularly. That night was the last time I ever saw Donna. Her parents were killed the next spring in a car crash. She never came back to town. Last I heard she was in drug rehab in California. After that she lost touch with everyone. 

Chrissy called me that week and was clearly interested in a sexual reunion. But it was the day before I had to leave for Europe and I didn't have the time to meet her. We did hook up again the following Christmas but the sex lacked any spirit. It was obvious that we were just going through the motions. She ended up marrying a guy from our town and they still live there and lead the same lives as our parents. Last time I saw her was at a high school reunion picnic. I was more interested in fucking her eighteen year-old son at that point than I was in her. I remember thanking Adam for taking me away from that life soon after that day.

Mom cried when she left me at the airport. I had given her the car Adam gave me. However, she refused to drive that damn fancy machine as she called it. It set in the garage until I drove it to school the following January. Adam's plane took me to New York. At JFK a first class seat to Europe was waiting. Brock met me at the airport and a limo whisked us through the Belgium capital to what turned out to be a very exclusive enclave of expensive apartments. Our shared apartment had a small balcony that overlooked an amazing square. Surrounding the square were ornate gothic style buildings that seemed like fairy tale castles to a guy like me from a small American town. Broad avenues leading away from the square provided stunning vistas of both the old and new architecture of the city. 

The apartment itself was small by American standards. There was a small living room that might have been called a den back home. Down a long hall was a combination kitchen, dining area and laundry room. The windows back there looked over a shared courtyard where laundry dried in the breeze. Though it was called a two bedroom apartment, it was more like one bedroom with storage room. Neither Brock nor I minded sharing the bigger room that was dominated by a beautiful antique brass bed. The entire apartment was furnished in what I was certain were very expensive tasteful items that seem to fit perfectly. I learned that the apartment was Adam's home when in Brussels. So that we could have the best he would be staying at a nearby hotel if he came to town that summer. 

Even with the elegant decorating and amazing view it was the bathroom that blew me away. The walls were tiled in marble that had a myriad of random colors running through the grain. The effect put me in mind of a Jackson Pollack painting I had seen in an art book. The marble countertops and the gold fixtures gleamed. Brock had to explain the use of a Bidet, which proved to have an interesting use that was unintended by the designer one playful evening. There was a Jacuzzi tub and a multi-head glass shower. I decided that the size of the bathroom accounted for the shrunken second bedroom. Happily the Jacuzzi turned out to be large enough for two.

"So what do you think, brother?" Brock asked with a shit eating grin on his face.

"I am fucking blown away!" Was all I could think of to say.

"So you ready for your first European fuck?" He blurted out as if he couldn't wait to get my cock up his ass.

"Um, you know me; I am always ready to fuck."

"Cool, let's hit the Jacuzzi and get nice and squeaky clean. Then we can go initiate the bed."

I knew his desire to bathe first meant he wanted some all over oral action. He loved to give and receive rim jobs as well as extended sessions of oral ball worship. I didn't waste any time getting naked as he began to fill the tub with warm water. I got the pleasure of watching him strip after he got the water temperature just right. No matter how many times I have seen someone naked or fucked them, I always enjoy watching them take their clothes off. No matter if it is done hastily or as a slow tease there is something about the anticipation of intimate flesh being revealed that gets my blood boiling. Brock was one of the few that had figured out that particular kink of mine and often played it for all it was worth. I thought I would die watching him slowly lower his zipper after an already painfully slow removal of his shirt that day. The kiss we shared once he was naked made up for every minute of torture he inflicted with the slow strip tease.

The warm swirling water coming from the jets felt great. The fatigue of a long day of travel soon disappeared. All that was left was raw sexual desire. Brock and I had a deep connection and ten days apart created a strong need to be with him. Happily he seemed to have the same need for me. After only a short time enjoying the healing powers of the Jacuzzi he kissed me and asked me to stand up so he could wash me. I happily complied with his request. I stood as my friend and soon to be teacher gently and thoroughly washed my body. When he was done we traded places. I slid down into the swirling water to rinse off and he stood for me to wash. When I was done we were both rock hard and more than ready to get busy.

We were so excited we barely dried off before diving into the antique bed together. Deep sloppy kisses soon gave way to a wild mutual oral exploration of each other's flesh. He quickly found my tight pucker and began to lustfully tease it with his talented tongue. I obliged his desire for better access by getting on my knees. As I lay my head on the soft thick down pillow he began to push his tongue inside my body. His hands were on my buttocks spreading my ass so he could get deeper inside me as I moaned happily into my pillow. After awhile I felt his spit covered fingers around my throbbing cock. While continuing to tongue fuck my ass he stroked my cock sending me ever closer to the brink. With each stroke he brought his thumb over my cock head and spread my free flowing precum around. He knew me well and clearly wanted me to cum. 

When I could take it no more I ejaculated forcefully. Somehow he managed to catch a puddle of my cum in his palm. When I rolled onto my back he made a big show of eating my jism while I lay tingling on the bed. I pounced on him and forced him onto his back. I began sucking wildly on his huge fat cock. Even though I could have easily brought him to orgasm by continuing to suck his big sausage I knew he wanted what he had given me. I pushed his legs up and he quickly helped give me access by grabbing his ankles. As he lay on his back holding his legs above his body I began to lick and suck his big cum laden balls. His moans filled the room with an erotic symphony.
