 I spent the next couple days and nights with her. We fucked liked rabbits and talked in between. By the end of her three days off I was falling hard for her and she had proclaimed her love for me. I had told her everything about me, including a complete confession about my dark side. She had related her life's history to me. Like me she was sexually adventurous and at times very promiscuous. She had participated in group sex and had given girl on girl fucking an enthusiastic try. Though she had found it pleasurable, in the end she was totally straight. The only way she saw herself being with another woman again would be as part of a scene with a guy or guys. She had no problem with the idea of putting on a girl show for a guy's pleasure. She was into kink and expressed a willingness to try most anything sexual with me. Like me she had already experienced more kinky sex than the average person could imagine. 

Even though I enjoyed every minute we shared, I felt an unexpected sense of relief when she had to return to work after nearly three days of almost constant togetherness. When she dropped me at the university on her way to the hospital the feeling of freedom that washed over me was almost intoxicating. Consciously, I had wanted nothing more than to be with her. But I suppose that subconsciously I felt a bit trapped by the closeness. I wasn't sure what to make of those feelings so I pushed them aside and began the short walk to the AOK house. With every step I could feel my desire grow. I wanted the company of other young men. More specifically I wanted sex with them. Even more specifically I wanted cock. It was almost inconceivable that it was possible I could be so horny after spending three days with my cock being drained as often as it would get hard by a beautiful woman. 

I should have known that those feelings meant there would be trouble ahead for any relationship I would have with a woman. But as is often said of young men my cock had taken over blinding my brain to rational thought. As I walked up the front steps of the house, I hoped that I would find someone around to take to my room. Devon Rice, the very hot football star who had been pledging when I had my accident was on the door. Seeing him again brought back memories of my first experience with the pledge group. I remembered explaining things to the group as they stood naked before me and couple of my fellow council members. I felt a strong sense of loss over having had so few opportunities to play with the pledges. In addition, I recalled how hot Devon looked in the nude and what a great sexy brown cock he sported. 

I never had the chance to get him alone for sex; yet another regret. As I lamented him being on duty and therefore unavailable for bedroom fun, I recalled his concern about having his pubic hair removed. I wondered if he had chosen any adornment.

"Welcome back to the house, brother. It is very good to see you, John. I missed having your guidance as a pledge," He said in a way that sounded sincere. 

"Greetings, brother Devon. I regret not having the opportunity to guide you during your pledge phase. Perhaps we can try to work in a makeup session some time."

"I would enjoy that."

"I know that you're on duty, but I missed something that I imagine was an important event. Would you mind if I made a short inspection now?"

"Of course not. But what did you miss that you think was so important."

"Your first shave. Please drop your pants."

He smiled and quickly pushed down his pants and underwear. What I saw was very pleasing. His pubic hair was cropped and cut to form his initials. 

"I see you got over you inhibitions," I said happily. 

"My mentor worked hard to see that I did. Do you approve, brother?"

"Very, much. You have a beautiful cock," I replied as I reached out and began to fondle his genitals. 

His cock instantly came to attention.

"It is a shame you are working. I would like to see what else you learned as a pledge."

"I would be honored to be with you any time, John."

"I am sure it will happen soon. Is Colin in the house?" I asked thinking I could get the sexy gofer to relive my growing horniness.

"No, he is off campus doing some errands for council. He won't be back until tonight."

"Oh, any other brothers around this morning?"

"There are a few of the younger members in the parlor talking with a visiting peer."

I left him to his duties and headed to the parlor to see what was going on. Rudy, Jackson Fellows, Trevor Nom and Zack were sitting talking to Reggie Symington. I was surprised to see Sir Reginald in the house.

"Greetings brothers, I hope I am not interrupting anything," I said.

They all stood and returned my greeting.

"Certainly not interrupting, my boy. You are a big part of the reason I am here. I had business in the states and wanted to check on your progress. You don't look too much the worse for wear," Reggie said as he came over and embraced me.

"Sir Reginald, it is good to see you. Are the new boys keeping you properly occupied?"

"So far they are just picking my brain. Hopefully, we will have a chance for other means of occupation soon."

I smiled knowing he meant that he wanted to fuck at least a couple of them. I decided to be bold and make a play to drag Rudy and Zack off for some private time.

"I hope we will get a chance to spend some time together, but right now I have some business with Rudy and Zack, if you don't mind."

"Of course not, I am sure Trevor and Jackson can keep me fully occupied. I will be in town a couple of days. Colin has given me a very nice guest room."

"Great then I will see you later and we will catch up. Rudy and Zack please come with me," I said and started to leave the room. On impulse I added, "Jackson and Trevor in case you did not catch brother Reggie's subtle hint he would like to fuck your sweet asses. Please take him somewhere private and show him what a great new group of brothers we have."

"Ah you Americans, so direct," Reggie said and surreptitiously winked at me. 

I figured it might have taken another hour for Reggie to get those two out of their pants. I knew that they were more than willing to have a romp with the sexy, older, British alum. In fact I would have bet from the looks on their faces that they were very anxious to get naked with Sir Reggie. Zack and Rudy followed me up to my room.

"What has kept you so busy the past few days, John?" Zack asked in a mischievous tone.

"An off-campus playmate," I replied being deliberately vague about the gender and the extent of the relationship.

"Wow," Rudy chimed in, "Hard to imagine there aren't enough playmates on campus to keep you busy."

He seemed sincerely confused over why I would need to go off campus for sex.

"Well most of my on-campus playmates are lacking a pussy," I said while smiling at the pair of handsome and very willing looking playmates. 

"Hmmmmm, you didn't seem to think I was lacking in that area the last time I saw you, brother," Zack shot back in a wickedly sexy, sarcastic tone.

I laughed and told them that I was much more interested in their hot cocks than their boy cunts. Then I walked over to them and gently grabbed their still covered crotches.

"Oh my, sir, whatever could you have in mind?" Rudy said in a cute, faux, shy, southern accent.

I let go of Zack and pulled the sexy green-eyed imp into my arms. I planted a very wet, deep, sloppy kiss on Rudy's sexy mouth. He all but melted in my arms as my tongue explored his mouth. When I finally broke the kiss I suggested we all get naked and have some fun. My younger brothers were practically naked before I finished the suggestion. I was so busy watching them expose their hot young bodies, it was a couple minutes before I followed suite and stripped down. 

Rudy had shaved away all of his pubic hair. In place of the wispy curls he sported the beginnings of a tattoo. It was far enough along that I could see it was eventually going to be a leprechaun like the one used to hawk Lucky Charms. The little guy was kicking his heels up in excitement. He was positioned so it would look like Rudy's dick was a giant cock coming from the leprechaun's crotch. 

"Why?" I asked as I ran my finger tips over his new skin art.

"I have been called a leprechaun all my life. Figured I would embrace the nickname. This design conveys the excitement I feel when I am naked with someone, especially sexy guys like you, John," He explained as his cock went from semi erect to fully hard.

I smiled and told him that I thought it was a very cool choice. Then I walked over to my bed and sat down.

"Bring those hot cocks over here so I can eat them up!" I demanded.

I sucked one while fondling the other, alternating between the two. They made out and ran their hands over each other's bodies. When I got them to the point that they were both ready to blow, I positioned them so that their cock heads were touching. I stroked their shafts while licking and rubbing my lips over their cock heads. Both were visibly shaking as their inevitable climaxes moved ever closer.

"Holy fuck," I heard one of them moan.

"Oh my god!" The other exclaimed as the leprechaun exploded on my lips.

I barely had time to get a taste of Rudy's cum before Zack's cock jerked. I managed to get my lips over the sexy wrestler's cock head as the second burst of cum shot out. By the third I had the tips of both their cock in my mouth. Both guys were leaning on me for support while I milked the last drops of their sweet cum. When their orgasms subsided they dropped down on their knees in front of me. I lay back on the bed and lifted my legs up onto their shoulders. Neither of my sexy younger brothers needed any guidance on what to do. One found my cum laden ball sack with his tongue while the other took my throbbing cock head into his mouth. 

Lying back with my eyes closed, I had no idea who was sucking me where; nor did I care. I was in heaven. I continued to savor the taste of their combined semen as they happily worked hard to return the favor. I was pretty sure they were trading off between my balls and cock and stealing a few kisses as they did so. I could feel my balls tightening and knew that the damn was going to burst.

"Damn, I am about to fucking explode," I informed them.

My declaration caused them to reposition their mouths. There was no longer a tongue or lips on my balls. Instead I had two open mouths on either side of my twitching cock. Their lips were pressed together. Someone's fingers were caressing my balls. Other fingers were lightly teasing my ass. I screamed as I came in both their mouths at once. After they drank my seed, the pair crawled up onto the bed and lay beside me. Each laid his head on my chest. I caressed their hot naked flesh as I lay there enjoying the pleasurable warmth that continued to wash over my body. After awhile I asked them how they learned the double cock sucking move. 

"Brother Terry worked to teach us. Then we practiced on a couple other brothers," Zack said while grinning at me.

"Did you like it?" Rudy added while flashing me an impish look.

"Fuck yes! But I really should experience it a few more times to truly evaluate your technique.

"We were hoping you would say that," They said in near unison. 

"John, I have been dying to show you that and so many other things I have learned," Zack confided.

Next thing I knew I was in a three way kiss with the pair. We kissed very sloppily for about ten minutes before Rudy excused himself. He claimed he had an appointment, but it sounded made up. I didn't challenge him since I was happy to have some time alone with Zack.

"Damn, I am happy, Zack declared after we watched Rudy get dressed and leave.

"What has you so happy?" I asked, feeling very happy myself.

"It starts with being in love with you and continues with you liking to be with Rudy and me. He has become my best friend and I really love having sex with him. Sharing that with you makes it so fucking special."

"Wow," I said not sure how to take his declaration of love.

I had just confirmed that I was in love with Julia. I already knew I had feelings for Zack. Rudy was hot as shit and I found him very appealing. I wasn't too sure about a love triangle between us three boys while working on my relationship with Julia however. But I was way beyond flattered by it all.

"Zack, I want total honesty here," I said which caused his expression to change from delight to concern.

"Of course we should be totally open and honest, John."

"I really like you, love you at least in a friendship way. In love, I can't say; at least not at this point. If it wasn't for my accident and so much stuff that has happened, is happening..."

"John, there is no need for this," He interrupted. "I didn't expect that you would be in love with me. I just wanted you to know how I felt. Rudy knows by the way and that is why he left to us time to be alone and talk or whatever."

"Taking is a good idea, so is whatever," I said and smiled at him.

He giggled and then we kissed for a bit. Then we talked for two hours. Well I mostly talked he mostly listened. I told him of recent events, about Julia and even some about my dark side. I wanted him to be informed the same as I wanted Julia to be informed. I couldn't have anyone falling in love with me that didn't really know me and what I was about. I could tell from his demeanor that he didn't care. His only response was to tell me things about himself. Some of those things he told me were things that he had never told anyone other than Rudy. 

My first thought was that he would be better off in a relationship with Rudy. But then I remembered that Rudy was in love with another, Colin. It is funny that people don't manage to fall in love with the one who would be best suited for them. Colin and Rudy couldn't work long term, because Colin wanted something Rudy could never give. As for Zack and me, it might work, but seemed unlikely. Rudy and Zack were sweet young men who I was sure would make a great couple. But that wasn't my decision, any more then it was my decision to have the feelings that were growing inside me for Zack. 

As we lay there talking, cuddling, kissing and caressing each other I thought of Julia. There was going to have to be another conversation. My hunger for cock upon leaving her along with my feelings for Zack needed to be expressed. I wasn't sure the way I would be able to love her would be enough. Those thoughts went on the back burner as Zack and I grew hard again and he told me how much he wanted me to fuck him. I had him roll over onto his belly and then draw his knees up under his body. I could see him shaking with excitement as he positioned himself with his head down and his ass up in the air ready to be taken. 

I quickly lubed up his asshole and my cock. Then I moved into position. After guiding my cock to his puckered male pussy, I took hold of his hips and slowly sank my erection into his body. He sighed contentedly when I hit bottom.

"Oh fuck, John, make me all yours," He moaned.

I pulled back until my cock was just barely inside him and then began to ride his ass. Each time I drove forward he bucked back toward me causing his rectum to completely swallow my manhood. When my balls touched his smooth flesh, I would grind my cock into his internal button before pulling back again. We developed a nice rhythm of me pushing in as he pushed back and then reversing the movement. 

"Yes, fuck me, make love to me, fill me!" He wailed.

His breathing became ragged. I could see beads of sweat forming on his upper back. I could feel the heat of his flesh where my fingers were locked onto his hips. Then I slid one of my hands under his body and found his hard twitching cock. The copious amounts of precum oozing from his cum slit and his panting told me he was close to cumming.

"Hold on baby," I urged. "Wait for me."

I had no idea why I wanted us to cum together. It just seemed like the way it should be that day.

"Oh god, yes," He sighed as I increased the pace of my thrusts while gently stroking his erection.

My balls slapped against his ass and my cock throbbed inside his tightening anal canal. He was working his rectal muscle to massage my cock as I fucked him. I felt my own orgasm welling up deep inside me.

A few seconds later I cried out, "Now!"

I drove my cock deep into his body as his cock erupted and his ass clamped onto my dick. I came hard sending whatever semen I had left in body into his body. A minute later we collapsed together on the bed. The time between our collapse and falling asleep in each others arms will forever be a blur. The next thing I knew it was hours later and I was waking up with a very sexy young man in my bed. That was the beginning of a very special relation with Zack and to a lesser extent with Rudy, who joined us in bed at least once a week.

My talk about Zack and my need for sex with guys in general with Julia went better than I had a right to expect. We acknowledge our love for each other and she agreed that we should take things slowly. She seemed to fully understand my needs and that I could never be anything approaching exclusive with her. She also had needs; most of which I could fill. Over the next few weeks I learned that she was indeed a very kinky lady. I was happy to accommodate and even brought a frat brother or two along occasionally to indulge her multiple partner desires.

During those same weeks, Zack and I grew closer. He was clearly deeply in love with me and I was definitely falling for him. Both he and Julia encouraged me to let my darker side out sometimes. I found spanking Zack's sexy ass to be very exciting. I had three people who I loved that all seemed to accept me for my true self. Adam visited maybe once a month and I of course had lots of other folks to play with sexually. Mostly my frat brothers and the pledges, but there was also non_AOK folks who showed up in my bed sporadically. Only one woman other than Julia though, Donna Stillman, my old friend and summer lover. I had gone home to see my parents and tell them about breaking my engagement. I ran into Donna and we fucked several times. 

During the rest of the semester, I continued to work independently to catch up on my studies. I wanted to keep my extra time at college to a minimum since Adam was counting on me to get a graduate degree before joining his company full time. I had it worked out so that I would only need one extra semester before starting grad classes. The AOK had approved a resolution that would allow me to stay on the council as president through my first semester of grad work. Things seemed almost perfect. My limp was even getting better.

Alicia kept me informed through letters and a couple of phone calls about her and Greg's life in Atlanta. They seemed to be making the most of their time in the United States. Alicia's open sexuality and beauty made her popular with the guys at her college. As she put it she was enjoying a variety of large American cocks. I always found it funny how she could describe her sexual escapades in vivid detail in her letters while continuing to seem so innocent. Greg was also enjoying a lot of big American cocks. He was fully out and really loving the idea he could be openly homosexual. He was denying himself nothing even though he had a regular lover that he was attached too. In the one letter he wrote me, he seemed very happy even though he admitted missing Hector. His American boyfriend and frequent gay bar pickups as well as all guy group sex scenes seemed to ease the pain of missing his island lover.

I was concerned for both of them. I did not see how they would be happy back on the island after experiencing the freedom of American life. This was especially true of Greg. The following fall I received a letter that both confirmed and allayed some of my fears. Greg's lover had moved in and they were very serious. Alicia also had become serious with one man. He was a thirty-five year old professor. I surmised it was intellectual curiosity that had drawn him to her. The surprise was that he had proposed marriage and was petitioning the island elders and Adam for permission to move to the island. Life in the ivory tower bored him and he found the idyllic island described by Alicia to be a probable paradise. I decided that it was good news for Alicia. I had never thought that an island boy would be her true love.
