 I went back to sleep after Alicia left me and it was afternoon before I opened my eyes again. If Steven had not come to check on me I think I might have slept on past sunset. Traveling followed by a day and half of sex left me exhausted. I remember thinking how quickly I had become used to Steven being in the room while I was nude as I lay in the bed uncovered and fully exposed. 

"Sir, I am sorry to disturb you, but we have word that Mr. Donaldson helicopter will arrive in about two hours. I thought you might wish to shower and dress in order to greet him at the helipad."

"Are you ok, sir? You seemed quite agitated when I came in the room. You said some rather odd things."

My dream came into focus and I was concerned about what he may have heard me saying.

"I am fine. You just interrupted an odd dream."

The truth was the dream was more than odd. It involved Steven and me exchanging blow jobs after he showed an unusual curiosity toward the tattoo above my cock. 

"I see, do you require any assistance from me with dressing?"

"No thank you. Relax and enjoy what little time you have before Adam returns."

He left and I slipped out of bed and headed for the bathroom. After a long piss, I brushed my teeth and shaved before enjoying a long hot shower. While the water cascaded over my flesh I contemplated the meaning of my dream. I had absolutely no conscious interest in Steven. That my mind had concocted a fantasy about sucking his cock fascinated me. I was sure to most guests that Steven and the other servants were of no more interest than the furniture. While I knew I would never be so dispassionate about people, the idea of having sex with Adam's valet was ridiculous. After about twenty minutes I pushed the unsolvable mystery of why I had the dream from my mind and turned off the water. 

I dressed quickly in the casual style I assumed Adam preferred based on the choices he made for me on my last visit. I wore shorts, a logoed polo shirt and sandals. I skipped underwear in the hopes that Adam would want to get at my cock quickly. As I left my room the rumble in my belly remained me that I had not eaten in a long time. I found Alicia's mother in the kitchen and she quickly fixed a plate for me. She was clearly distressed when I chose to eat at a table in the kitchen that was likely used by the staff for their meals. However, she did not protest my choice aloud. She did refuse my invitation to join me, explaining she had work to do. It seemed to me that whatever work she was doing was made up on the spot so that she would appear to be busy while I ate.

"Thank you, um..I am very embarrassed, but I do not know your name."

I was honestly embarrassed that even though I had been to the woman's home, she had served me many meals and I was involved in a way with her daughter that I did not know her name.

"I am Carmela, Sir. But you should not be embarrassed. It is I who failed to tell you my name. But then there is no reason you need to know it unless you wished to be able to call to me for something."

"Of course I should know your name, Carmela, and you should know mine."

"But I do know your name, Sir. You told me when you visited my daughter some months ago."

"Then you should use it, I insist that you call me John."

I could see that she was not comfortable with the idea of addressing me in a familiar way. But she didn't say any more and I didn't push the issue. I just thanked her by name and left the kitchen. Though it was still about an hour before Adam was scheduled to arrive I headed for the helipad. I guess maybe a secret wish was fulfilled when I found Gregory working there alone. Though he was concerned about shirking his duties, he agreed to sit and talk with me while I waited. We had been talking about inconsequential things for a few minutes and it was obvious that he was very uncomfortable

"Greg, is something bothering you? You should feel free to speak your mind to me," I asked in what I intended to be a sincere tone. 

"John, there is something I want to ask you, but it isn't proper for me to ask this thing."

"Damn it, fuck what is or isn't proper. You and I had great sex and I think more importantly we could be friends. You have to let go of this class thing that puts barriers between us, Greg."

"Ok, let me try to explain. I know that my sister spent the whole of the night in your bed. I also know that such a thing does not have the same meaning in the States as it does to those of the island."

"Alicia explained to me that your people attach an importance to sharing a bed."

"Wait, please there is more to it. I talked to her briefly this morning as she snuck home. It meant a great deal to her as you yourself mean to her. I fear you are giving her hope of something that is impossible."

"Greg, what are you getting at here? I like Alicia, very much. I assure you I have been completely honest with her. I even told her about being with you."

"I thought that she knew, but you should not worry, she kept your confidences. She told me nothing of anything you may have said. But, I am sure that she already feels for you like one would a steady boyfriend in your country."

"That is not possible. I am not the steady boyfriend type and I am sure she must know that."

"The concept is different to us. Take my situation for example. As you know I am part of what you would consider a committed relationship in your world. As soon as approval comes I will be engaged. But here my relationship does not imply that sexual play is limited to the relationship."

"Yes, I know, you and others have explained some of your ways. Even marriage does not come with a requirement of fidelity. But, Alicia knows that I do not offer even the loose level of commitment found in relationships on the island."

"Of course she knows this, but her heart is involved now. The things you have told her paint a picture of commitment that you do not realize or maybe even understand. When I asked you to help keep her from becoming a whore, I did not expect you to discuss it with her. Now she thinks that you do not want her fucking other guests because you want her to be your woman."

"No, Greg, you misunderstood her. I even told her that it wasn't because I wanted her exclusively."

"To islanders, actions show the truth no matter the words one speaks. John, I do not doubt you, but I fear that you are going to accidentally bring much pain to my sister."

"Greg, I want to set your mind at ease, but to do so I need your oath that you will not tell anyone including Alicia what I tell you now."

"You always have my oath to keep your confidences to myself."

"I do have feelings for Alicia and I will never hurt her. What exactly this means for our future I can not say, but I can promise to cherish and protect her feelings."

"I shall trust you then. But I do have one last question I want to ask."

"Ok."

"It is about you and me. You say you want us to be friends. Deep friendship between men here often includes more than it may in the States. On the island there is no issue with the two of us being together as we were yesterday even if a special relationship occurs between you and my sister. Are there taboos about being with the brother of your girlfriend amongst your people?"

I could barely contain the belly laugh that threatened to erupt from my throat. The idea that our society would have such rules was absurd, but his concern was clearly heartfelt and my laughing would have devastated him.

"Two men being together sexually is taboo enough for my people. I doubt most people have even considered the idea of fooling around with the brother of a girlfriend. I think as long as you and Alicia are comfortable with it, then it will not be an issue." 

He smiled broadly and reached for my hand.

"I am glad," He said happily as he gently squeezed my hand.

"John, do you want me to suck you cock now?" He asked as if he was offering to shine my shoes.

"What, here?" I exclaimed completely puzzled by the offer.

"We could go over to those bushes. We would not be seen. I would have asked differently, but I have been working out in the sun many hours and have no way to wash myself."

I was again stunned by his innocence. He really wanted to have sex with me, but because he was sweaty felt that only his sucking me was possible. Had Adam not been due any minute I likely would have accepted his offer to suck me and perhaps jerked him off. But under the circumstances I struggled for a way to decline his offer without hurting his feelings. Luckily before I had to make an excuse the whirring sounds of the helicopter blades broke the peaceful sounds of the island.

"The boss is here. We will have to postpone our play," I said.

He quickly returned to where he had been working. I do not know if he was looking when I greeted Adam with handshake and a warm embrace. As we were hugging Adam discreetly nibbled my earlobe and whispered his desperate desire for me to fuck him. I caught a sad expression on Greg's face as Adam and I passed him on our way to the house. Adam quickly dismissed the servants we passed as he hurried me up to his bedroom. The door to his room was barely closed before he pulled me into his arms and pressed his lips to mine. As our tongues renewed their acquaintance, he removed the limited clothing I was wearing and began to fondle my already rock hard cock. My hunger for Adam that day was as strong as any desire I had ever felt. All I could think of was bending him over and ramming my cock into his ass. 

As Adam kicked off his shoes I managed to get his belt open and his pants unsnapped. He stumbled backwards when his pants fell and tangled up at his ankles. While he was off balance I turned him around and guided him toward the bed. He didn't resist when I pushed him face down on the bed. I left his ankles ensnared in his pants and yanked his underwear down exposing his willing ass. I grabbed the bottle of lubricant I knew he always kept handy in his nightstand and began oiling up his tight hole.

"Oh fuck, yes, stud, you know what I need," He moaned as I pushed the lube deep into his rectal canal with my fingers.

When I was satisfied that his ass was sufficiently prepared I grabbed his ankles and pulled his ass to the edge of the bed. 

"Get on your knees," I demanded.

He pulled his legs up under him and lifted his ass up off the bed. He was face down with his ass served up like Sunday dinner. With his pants and underwear still caught around his ankles he appeared to be bound with his face forced to the mattress. I moved behind as I greased up by rigid pole. I guided my slippery cock to his well oiled hole. As I pushed forward he pushed his ass back. I grabbed his hips as I went ball deep into his willing anal canal. He moaned and began to beg me to fuck him hard as I ground my cock against his prostate.

"Oh god, John, I missed your cock. Please give me what I need. Ride my ass, baby!"

I wanted to tease him more, but my own desire mixed with the incredible aphrodisiac of his plaintive moans was irresistible. I dug my fingers into his flesh as I reared back. He cried out joyfully when I rammed back into him. I began a steady rhythm, riding him hard with long deep thrusts in and out of his body. I was slamming into him so hard that I began to feel jolts of pain mixed with euphoria due to my balls slapping against his body. His moans and encouraging pleas to fuck him even harder drove me to ignore the twinges of pain I felt in my balls. I do not know how long I rode his ass before his rectal walls clamped onto my cock and prevented me from pulling back. He was gasping for breath and moaning loudly. His body was quivering and convulsing under me. I knew his cock was ejaculating his thick semen onto the expensive silk comforter that had become disheveled due to his writhing and clawing of the material. 

I ground my cock deep inside him. Our sweat covered bodies were pressed together. I could feel his heat. I bent and kissed his back as my balls tightened. My blissful groans mixed with his guttural animal-like orgasmic wailing. Suddenly, I was transported to a different plane of pleasure. My cock erupted, splashing my essence deep into his body. He again begged me to keep fucking him. His moaning request seemed to be coming from some otherworldly source. I felt my body trembling and jerking. There was no hope of complying with his desires or exercising any other purposeful actions. My orgasm had taken possession of me and voluntary movement was impossible. All of my senses were fully engaged. I felt, tasted, heard, smelled and even saw only pleasure for a few, all too brief, amazing seconds. My legs turned to jelly, forcing me to hold onto Adam to keep from falling to the floor. 

When I returned to my own dimension, I let my slowly shrinking cock slip from his cum filled rectum. I was still woozy and could not stand without holding onto Adam. I stumbled and fell on the bed next to him. He was still panting as he tried to disentangle himself from his pants so that he could lie next to me. In another minute he was naked and our bodies were entwined. We caressed each other as our lips brushed together. We remained in each other's arms for a long time not needing words to express our feelings. It was Adam that spoke first. 

"John, it has been a long time since I have been lucky enough to know someone who could take me to the places you take me. Truth is I think I am more connected to you than I have been to anyone ever before."

I wanted to stop him. The words I expected to follow that beginning terrified me. Even though I had far too little experience to make generalizations, for me acknowledging aloud strong feelings had always been the beginning of the end. I did not want that to be the case ever with Adam. Even worse, I was fairly certain he was about to declare a love for me that far exceeded my feelings for him. But even if I knew how I do not think I could have stopped him.

"You are amazing, I love you," He continued.

The words seemed to hang in the air like a toxic cloud.

"Adam, I ... I," I tried to reply.

"Shhhhhhh, you don't need to say anything babe. I don't want you to be uncomfortable and I don't expect anything to be different. I just wanted you to know how special you are to me." He interjected before I could summon the words to express my feelings without simply echoing feelings I didn't have.

"Adam, you are very special to me. Hell, maybe the word love is appropriate for my feelings too. But the truth is that attaching that word to my feelings has so far led to ends and not beginnings for me. I want whatever we have now to be a beginning."

"So do I, John and I never want the end to come. I didn't expect or maybe even want you to repeat the words. I just needed to say them. I don't know any other word that conveys the feelings I have, but at the same time I do not want to you to think I am implying anything more than what there is between us. I do not desire or offer the commitment that some apply to those feelings. We know each other well enough to know that neither of us will ever be able to live monogamously."

"Wow, I guess we are as well matched as it feels. This last hour as been as close to perfect as I can imagine two people ever get to share, Adam."

"Yes, it has."

"Speaking of feelings, I need to ask a favor of you. I am not sure that this is the right time, but I do not want it to wait. I also do not want you to think that the favor means anything about my affection for you," I said hoping that broaching the subject of Alicia would not make him think my feelings for her would interfere with my feelings for him. 

"John, I can not imagine a favor that you could ask that I would take as a sign you did not care for me, nor can I imagine one I would not grant. Please, speak your mind freely as I hope we always will we each other."

"Ok, the girl, Alicia, I have grown very fond of her. I know she is supposed to become a whore for your guests very soon."

"That is bit of a harsh way to put it. She will be fulfilling a post that has a long tradition on the island. Her people do not considered it whoring the way it would be in our world," He shot back sincerely.

"Yeah, I know all about the island tradition and the attitude toward sex. But you are wrong about all of the islanders being fully comfortable with her following that tradition. Besides even if everyone here thought it was the greatest thing ever, I can not stand the thought of her serving your guests sexually."

"John, is there something more than fondness at play here?"

"Yes, I think there may be much more. I can't explain it really, but I have become very attached to her."

"Do you have any idea how she feels about you and about changing jobs?"

"I am almost certain she is at least as attached to me as I am to her. Things are so different here though I can not really be certain what that means to her. I don't think she really understands why I have an issue with her entertaining guests."

"You do know that the girls chosen for that job are usually very happy as it offers benefits to her and her family."

"I know and I was hoping that there might be a way for her family to benefit anyway. I'm sure it doesn't cost much. Call it an advance on my future earnings. I will sign a note for whatever amount. Please, Adam, I told her that I would find a way to make it work for her."

"John, this is something I can easily give you, but I see two problems. First, the other islanders will notice that she is getting something that she has not earned. Secondly, it seems to me that all you will accomplish is making her your personal whore. Her people will see that as something very different than her entertaining guests. Kept women are outside their traditions."

"I did not mean to suggest that I intended for her to be my kept woman! I told her that I would place no restrictions upon her. God why do things have to be so fucking complicated?"

"Love is complicated, John."

"I said I was attached to her, I didn't say any thing about being in fucking love with her!" I protested quickly.

"You don't have to say anything, it is obvious. I can see it in your eyes and hear it in your voice when you talk about her."

"It isn't that obvious to me, but I do care for her. There has to be a way to keep her from becoming a cum receptacle for a bunch of perverted rich old men," I said letting frustration get the better of me. 

"Leaving aside you thoughts on my business associates, there is a way that your desires can work out, but I am not sure it is something that you would agree to do."

"What must I do to keep her from being fucked by men who care nothing for her?"

"Marry her, John."

"Huh? You just said that you and I are not the monogamous mate for life type. I can't marry anyone."

"John, this would be a very different marriage than you have known. I am sure you already know that marriage here is not the monogamous charade that it tends to be in our society."

"Yeah, but still, even their rules would not fit my life."

"You are not of the island so the islanders would not expect you to fully embrace their ways. Once she is pregnant even her family will not concern themselves with who you are fucking. Besides, long engagements are common here. There is no reason yours couldn't continue for years. Once you are engaged the bestowing of favors upon her and her family is not only acceptable it would likely be a virtual requirement for a non-islander that was marrying a girl of the island."

"What about you, Adam; would my marrying change things with us?"

"I don't see why. Hell, you probably have fucked dozens of people since I last saw you and I don't feel any jealousy."

"I guess that makes sense. But what of Alicia's life; marrying me would certainly lead to a very different life than she ever imagined?"
