 The next evening at exactly seven the pledges were assembled in the main room on the first floor of the house. Since Craig and I had not taken our official council oath we decided that it would be inappropriate to use the council room. Colin and the third incoming council member Daniel Sellers were the only other full brother in attendance. I did not know Dan who was a senior very well. My main interaction with him was being made to suck his cock a couple of times in the halls of the house during my pledge period. I learned from my pledge mates that they had received the same treatment. Like me neither of them could remember having ever seen Dan involved in any other sexual encounter. 

To me he seemed an odd duck and a bit out of place in the AOK. Dan and Colin were the only members who were not part of an organized sports team, either varsity or club. I myself had already signed up to play in the touch football intramural group so as not to be without a team sport on my resume. Having recently learned the origin of Colin's membership, I was very curious how Dan came to be an AOK. I also had a growing obsession with the idea of getting him to suck my cock. I suppose it was mostly because his sexuality seemed a mystery. However, that night was not likely to be my chance to see if he could give as good as he got. 

Sucking Dan's cock didn't really take much talent. He had one of the smaller cocks in the brotherhood. I guessed him to be less than five inches when fully erect with proportionate thickness. His balls were also on the small side, though his smallish dick and smooth shave made them look larger. The twenty-one year-old's lack of hair and size made him look boyish to me. I knew some guys liked that, but I would have much preferred that he kept the hair and looked older. 

Colin met us in a small room next to the main meeting room. He presented us with council robes and suggested it would be good idea to treat the gathering formally. Being novices we were in no position to argue the point. Colin returned to prepare the pledges as the three of us stripped off our clothes. I was surprised when Dan slipped his boxers off and revealed a radical new look. He had allowed his pubic hair to grow to a short cropped irregular black bush. Since the color was jet black and the hair on his head was light brown it was obvious that he dyed his pubic hair. But the hair wasn't the biggest surprise. He had what appeared to be an unfinished designed tattooed on his cock. Craig and I both stared as he revealed his new look.

"Wow, man that must have hurt like shit!" I exclaimed recalling my own experience with needles pierce sensitive flesh. 

As he replied I noticed that his body was much better toned than I expected of a non-athlete. I wondered if working out was part of his summer transformation. 

"Not so bad, really. But I only let the dude do it a little at a time. Not that he could get much more done in a session anyway."

"Why's that?" Craig asked voicing a question I had also.

"Well, I have to be fully erect. The guy is cool and keeps fondling my balls to keep my dick stiff. But that just leads to me cumming eventually."

"Oh," We said in unison.

His quick trigger was another thing that made blowing Dan an easy task. I was pretty sure based on his reaction that Craig had experience sucking on the previously hairless little wiener. Without waiting for an invitation I walked over to Dan and began to fondle his balls.

"I think you need to show off your artwork, brother," I hissed seductively as I leaned toward him and pressed my lips to his seemingly willing mouth. 

As Dan allowed me to slip my tongue into his mouth, Craig came over to join. He moved behind Dan and slipped his arms around the surprised senior's muscular physique. As I continued teasing Dan's balls, Craig began playing with his firm little nipples. Dan was maybe an inch shorter than Craig's six foot one and I thought that they made a very hot couple. There wasn't time to explore that thought however. We had pledges to get to and my desire was to get a better look at his decorated dick. As he grew to full size I knelt down in front of him and took a close look at the design.

"Damn, that is really cool looking, Dan," I said and gave him a quick peck on his colorful cock head.

Craig quickly joined me on the floor and the two of us admired and handled Dan's decorated meat. I could tell from the way he was shaking that our attentions were bringing him close to orgasm. Colin's return interrupted our little inspection.

"The pledges are rea er um.." Colin said before noticing what was happening.

"Come here Colin. You got to see this shit!" I exclaimed and the gofer scurried over.

I moved aside and he got on his knees between Craig and me. 

After giving him a minute to handle and admire the artwork I said, "Pretty enough to suck on, isn't it?"

His answer was to engulf Dan's little decorated dick. It took all of thirty seconds for the damn to burst. Colin didn't seem surprised by the quick orgasm. Dan didn't seem to have any lack of pleasure due to his short fuse.

"Thanks for the snack, Sir," Colin said with a giggle as he wiped his lips on the back of his hand. "We better get to the pledges before they start fucking each other. I think stripping and getting into their red thongs got most of them very excited."

That left Craig and me with hard dicks to try and hide under our robes. Colin who was wearing his gofer uniform of denim shorts and AOK tee shirt had his cock securely smashed against his body. Craig didn't mince any words.

"Someone is going to have to be sucking on this fucking pole damn soon!" He declared.

I was pretty sure like me he would have preferred that it was Dan. But there were pledges aplenty. So it seemed that experiencing Dan's cock sucking talents would have to wait for another day.

"Hey since you two are ready, why don't you go in and give Craig and me a chance to let our dicks relax," I suggested.

What I really wanted was to talk to Craig privately for a minute. Thankfully, my excuse worked. Colin and Dan went to the other room leaving us alone.

"You ever do anything with Dan before?" I asked as I zipped up my robe.

"I sucked his dick a number of times is all. He is a year ahead of me and was a real freak for ordering pledges to their knees when I was pledging. I initiated a drop to my knees once last year. He didn't seem as into as he was when he ordered me to suck him. What about you?"

"Same, every time he saw me alone in the house, he put me on my knees and whipped out his bald little winkie."

"It ain't bald no more!" Craig shot back amidst his laughter.  

"So you never saw him do anything else?"

"No, but I heard one of the council guys that graduated last year fucked him regularly."

"No shit? Well then, I am making it my mission to get him to suck my dick dry!"

Craig laughed again and we headed for the other room. Dan and Colin had the pledges lined up for inspection. All seventeen were in the front of the room in a perfect straight line standing perfectly still. They were nude except for their matching thongs. The sight of all those sexy young men standing there with their legs slightly spread ready to do anything I asked was incredibly arousing. I could practically feel Craig's excitement as the group greeted us in unison.

"Greetings, brothers, it is good to see you."

"Greetings, pledges," Craig and I answered in unison.

Even though I was not the most senior brother present, since I had called the assembly, it fell upon me to address the pledges first.

"Pledges tonight is not a formal ceremony. However, you are expected to act as if this one a required test. The three of us are the only council members on campus and will for this night only comprise the entirety of the council. This will give you a chance to interact with us as a preparation for more formal activities in the coming weeks. Remember all things during your pledge period is part of the test of you fitness for the brotherhood. We will begin with a short inspection."

Since Dan was senior we let him take the lead. As our trio moved toward the line I looked from one pledge to the next. Most looked nervous, but a few seemed very relaxed. I couldn't read the expression on my friend Zack's face, who was near the middle of the line. Dan steeped in front of the first pledge and rather nonchalantly grabbed the startled pledges crotch. Clearly inspections were not Dan's thing. He moved on to the next pledge before I had decided what body I would fondle. I choose to start with the pledges chest. I ran my thumbs around his nipples and then slowly moved my hands down his abdomen. I nearly lost track of what I was doing when our gazes locked. His piercing blue eyes seemed to capture my very being. I recovered enough by the time my hands reached his waist to slip my arms behind him and cup his very round buttocks.

"What is your name, pledge?" I asked as I massaged her warm, smooth ass cheeks.

"Bernard Fellows, Sir," He replied in a shaky voice.

"Does everyone call you Bernard or is it Bernie?"

"Actually, Sir most call me by my middle name, Jackson."

"Alright, Jackson, it is then," I said as I slide my hands back around his body ans slipped one inside his thong.

I gave his cock a little squeeze and moved on. As I fondled the next pledge, Trevor Nom in a similar fashion I heard Jackson tell Craig that he was a wrestler. I assumed that he won his matches by hypnotizing his opponents with his amazing eyes. Trevor's long dick was fully erect and sticking out of the waistband of his thong when I brought my hands around from his ass. The inspections continued like that with Dan getting far ahead of Craig and me. By the time we joined the older council member he was looking a bit bored and a lot pissed. 

As the three of us conferred over our next move, Dan insisted, "I don't much care how it happens, but one of these little bitches is going to have his lips on my dick very soon!"

"Pick one out and go for it!" Craig said in a very sarcastic tone that I don't think Dan caught.

The senior simply walked back to the middle of the line and ordered Zack to his knees. Though I wasn't all that happy that he had picked my favorite pledge as his first victim, I didn't really mind the idea of watching the hot, furry, tanned, stud giving Dan a blow job. When Dan opened his robe and exposed his little hard-on the surprise on the faces of the pledges was obvious. How it was they all managed to avoid laughing or making any sound I can't imagine. Zack dove into the task and two minutes later was licking the last drop of Dan's seed from the satisfied council member's dick hole. 

At that point Craig and I took over. We ordered all seventeen pledges to lose the thongs. Predictably they were all rock hard following their exams and the quick cock sucking show. After spending a minute perusing the line of hot young hard dicks, Craig and I opened our robes and gave the new boys a look at our aroused cocks. Craig's cock and balls were still as bald as his head. However, he had added some surprising adornment. He had eschewed tattooing in favor of piercings. A small gold ring hung from the bottom of his hairless ball sack and two studded posts decorated the underside of his cock. He later explained that his piercings were the beginning of a full coming out. He planned that everyone would know that he was a submissive bottom and homosexual by graduation. The night he showed me how his testicle ring functioned as a hook for a leash was wild. 

The pledges did not hide their interest in any of our decorations. One in particular was bold enough to raise his hand. Devon Rice was one of three African-Americans in that year's pledges class. He was a cornerback on the football team who had disguised himself by setting a school record for interceptions his freshman year. He was tall, about 6' 2" and carried slightly over 200 pounds of rippling muscles. His flawless skin was what I would call a light caramel color. The color was almost even except for the much darker cock head that set atop his seven inch, thick, vein covered cock. His body appeared almost hairless except for a thick patch of black fur surrounding his dick and balls. As was the fashion of the day he wore a rather large afro on his head. I doubted if many in the room had paid much attention to his head however. Dan looked at em like he had no idea what to do, so I jumped in.

"Do you have question, pledge?" I barked out in what I hoped was a menacing tone.

I was well aware that I had no chance of intimidating that guy anywhere other than in a pledge situation. The sexy, hunk could have likely beaten me senseless without breaking a sweat. However, his demeanor showed that he either felt truly daunted or was a damn good actor. 

"Yes, Sir, if that is permitted," He said timidly.

I thought back to my own early pledge days and remembered that I was told that questions were welcomed. Intellectual curiosity was seen as commendable. 

"Questions are welcomed as long as you remember your place. You are expected to learn and proper learning makes use of mentors. Your brothers want to do all we can to help you grow," I said sincerely.

"Thank you, brother. It is impossible not to notice that all three of you are decorated. Is that something that all brothers must do?"

"There is no requirement as to the keeping of ones pubic region. Many members chose a distinctive trim. Some like brother Daniel and I go for ink. Even fewer chose piercing. As pledges you do not have options. Sometime in the next few days you will all have your pubic hair removed. You will be required to keep yourselves smooth for at least the first half of your pledge semester. Once you become a full brother pubic grooming is at your option."

I could see from the looks on their faces that many of the pledges had concerns about having their pubic hair shaved off. At the time it was uncommon for men to hairless down there. Added to that some guys feared the process would result in painful cuts in very sensitive areas. A few of the guys were very hairy and I knew that keeping smooth around the dick would be a challenge.

"Sir, I wish to express that I have reservations about going hairless," Devon said rather boldly.

"Are they strong enough that you would give up membership?" I asked calmly.

He looked a little stricken as he mulled over the two choices I had left him.

"Sir, I undress in front of other football players. That look might raise suspicion and well a great deal of ribbing if not worse."

"We have many football players in the AOK and there is at least one other fraternity that makes pledges shave off their cock hair. I can't imagine that in a year on the team you haven't seen a lot of guys missing hair as well as a couple I know that sport decoration."

"I have seen a few tattoos down there and one who has a ring in his cock head, but those make them look tougher. I will look like a little boy with no hair on my dick," Devon continued to protest.

"Pledge, we are only part of the council and as such won't compel your ouster today. However, if you really think that you can't comply with the shaving requirement, you should withdraw your pledge."

Devon looked like he was going to be sick. I didn't really understand the fear since I knew that there were many guys on the football as well as other teams that had shaved as part of pledge ritual. In my own case I hadn't given it a thought. Lots of swimmers went ahead and removed their pubic hair when shaving their legs. Especially hairy guys really had to do it to keep from having their bushes sticking out the top of a Speedo. But Devon wasn't a swimmer. He was a big, strong, very macho, black man who happened to also be a very closeted homosexual. Like a couple other gay football players I knew, he dated and fucked a string of beautiful women to help maintain his carefully cultivated image. The brotherhood was a place where his sexuality would not be judged. I assumed he thought he would have to risk what he had known all his life to have a place in our haven. As Devon continued to mull over the choice I presented, Craig spoke up in an attempt to allay his fear.

"Devon, I know it may seem an impossible dilemma to resolve. However, I can assure you that your fear is out of proportion to reality. As brother John explained, many football players and other jocks have shaved away their cock hair as part of pledge ritual. I myself have shaved below the waist for many years and heard the jeers of the locker room as a result. But it is no worse than any other ribbing we take as members of a team. Think of the poor line man whose tiny cock is so out of proportion to his huge body or worse the guy who pops some wood while in a group shower. No one will automatically infer anything about your sexuality even if they may call you names. Hell, the best reason to shave I know of is how enthusiastically some chicks suck a hairless cock," Craig said with obvious sincerity. 

I knew that Craig was nearing the end of his own transformation. Though he had not yet explained the extent of his transformation to me, I knew he was becoming ever more accepting of his true sexuality. I knew that he had been a multisport star which included football in high school. In college he had concentrated on baseball and dabbled in lacrosse and track. 

"Devon, your brothers will all support you. We will not allow you to be ostracized on the team in anyway, not on the field or in the locker room. Further neither will your coach. The head coach as well as two of his assistants are AOK," I added hoping that would change his thinking some.

Darrel LaMond had returned to his alma mater twenty-five years after graduating to take the helm of the football team. At that time he was newly divorced and ready to rekindle some old desires he had kept suppressed. He had been discretely enjoying the intimate company of select AOK brothers for five years while steadily improving the college's traditionally underachieving football squad. He had recruited two other AOK alums to join his staff. Both were in their early forties, happily married and raising families. Both were also thrilled to be back on campus where they could enjoy an occasional discrete liaison with a hot young brother. 

"Coach LaMond is gay!" Devon blurted out.

"I didn't say anything about his sexuality, pledge!" I barked back. "We should not make such assumptions about our brothers."

"I'm sorry, I just well, I knew he wasn't married..."

"You have a lot to learn, pledge!" Craig interrupted. 

"This is not a fraternity of homosexuals," Dan added. 

"I know; I am sorry, Sir. I just misunderstood," Devon tried to explain.

"Perhaps we can help with that understanding," Dan said as he grabbed Devon's arm and pulled him out of line.

I knew what was coming and was not sure how the confused football player was going to take to the punishment. I was sure he was already seriously considering quitting the brotherhood to protect his image. I was also fairly certain that he didn't want to quit. I could see from the look in Dan's eyes that Devon was in for at least a few really hard whacks. Though I agreed they were deserved, I didn't want a spanking to be what convinced the pledge to quit. Loosing a pledge was very unusual and there was the possibility of having AOK secrets exposed to consider.

"It is clear that you have not learned all that you should have over the summer," Dan said as he made Devon bend over a chair.

"Sir, I know I am deficient and perhaps unworthy. I thank you for caring enough to want to teach me and correct my errant ways," Devon said as Dan nudges the pledges legs apart. 

It seemed obvious that he had made the choice to remain a pledge. I had some difficulty suppressing the smile I felt inside. Dan retrieved a paddle from a closet and asked Craig and I to join him. We each expressed our love for the pledge and gave him four hard whacks. When the spanking was done, I lubed up his ass and unceremoniously fucked him while the other pledges watched. I rode his hard for at least ten minutes before spraying my seed deep inside his shivering body. When I pulled out he haltingly apologized for cumming on the chair. I told him to lick the chair clean as I wiped my dick off on his ass. 
