 I didn't think much about Alicia, the island or even Adam over the next few of weeks or so. It was a busy time. The start of classes combined with learning the duties of council membership and dealing with so many pledges to fill more hours than I thought there were to be filled. I didn't even have time to learn any more about Dan and his sexual transformation even though I did manage to get another hot fuck session in with him. I was able to justify the time I spent privately with Zack as a part of my duty to help mentor the pledge. I was hopeful that no one would see the time I spent with him in my room as showing favoritism. It seemed pretty much all of the pledges became the favorite of one or two older brothers. With such a large pledge group things were bound to work differently than they did when I was one of only three pledges. 

During my pledge time it seemed that all the brothers wanted to fuck all three of us regularly. Even with the ceremonies and my position on the council, in three weeks time I had maybe fucked seven of them anally and though I had had all their lips on my dick, I had probably cum in less than half of their mouths. In some ways sex was becoming arduous at times seeming more like a job than playtime. My sense of duty did lead to me feeling a little guilty about wanting to be with Zack so much. Time with him was time I was neglecting getting to know other pledges. I knew it was my duty to get to know them all personally and sexually. 

I was thrilled when Adam told me that he would be attending my formal council induction ceremony in October. It was a very special ceremony that was shrouded in secrecy. Only council members and former council members were allowed to attend or even read the journals of the proceedings. It was to be held in the council room and about sixty former council members were expected. Other than the current council the only attendees that I was expecting to know were Adam, Brock and Doctor Burton. The other council members I knew from the previous year were all busy with graduate school and could not come. 

It wasn't Adam coming for the ceremony that was the biggest surprise however. It was who he secretly brought to town with him that was the real stunner. Without telling me he brought along Alicia and her brother. When he arrived he had them taken directly to his house and he came to visit me. Since he didn't arrive until the day before the ceremony and I was under a celibacy order we could not indulge in reunion sex. Going without sexual release for seventy-two hours was the most challenging part of the induction process. During the twenty or so minutes Adam and I talked that day he never mentioned his surprise. When it was time for him to leave me we shared a deep passion filled kiss that left me rock hard. My arousal made my next meeting even more difficult.

Every eight hours during the seventy-hour no cum period, I was required to endure a thorough body inspection. The inspections were in reality nothing more than a groping session conducted by a returning council member and Colin. The one after Adam's visit was with the new council president, Calvin O'Connell. The tall redhead who had been a close friend ever since offering his help after the swim coach nearly killed me was one of three returning council members. They were all seniors, the other two being on the five-year plan. Calvin was as academically talented as he was athletic and could have likely graduated early, but didn't want to give up a year of AOK life to get to grad school early. 

"Please, bare yourself, council designate," Colin said officiously.

As I quickly complied I could see the sparkle in Calvin's emerald eyes as he fought off a cheesy grin. I had a feeling that he was going to be a very different president then the brotherhood had known. He was a mischievous playful guy who clearly had trouble remaining serious. Though he played the part well and knew all the lore and rituals, I always thought he seemed like he wanted to jump up click his heels and run around like the legendary leprechauns of his ancestral homeland. As I stood naked in a pose that resembled a soldier standing at parade rest he ordered Colin to begin the inspection. 

"I see your body is reacting to your denial," Calvin said in acknowledgment of my erection as Colin began to massage my bare buttocks. 

"Sir, it is a challenge to remain in control for so long," I said truthfully.

Since my denial trials as a pledge, I doubt I had gone more than twelve hours without an orgasm up to that point. By that afternoon I had gone over fifty hours without cumming. I gasped when I felt Colin's finger tease my anal rim. I realized that my control was about to be thoroughly tested when Calvin demanded an internal inspection. The gofer pushed his entire finger inside my body without any additional warning. I gasped when he found my prostate and began a very sensual massage. I tried to think of anything other sexual release, but nothing could stop copious amounts of precum from oozing out of my hard dick.

"Stop!" Calvin demanded as he stepped forward and grabbed my cock.

Colin stopped massaging my inner nut but did not withdraw his finger from my ass. Thankfully, Calvin was squeezing my cock hard enough to cause pain. The pain helped me to reinforce the fragile dam holding back my climax.

"You are doing very well," Calvin said as he began to fondle my chest while continuing to squeeze my dick hard.

I nodded my thanks and embraced the odd combination of pleasure and pain I was feeling. Fortunately, Colin pulled his finger out of my ass after a few more seconds. 

"I think he is ready for a tongue inspection," Calvin suggested to Colin.

"As you wish, Sir," Colin said just before I felt a warm wet tongue on the back of my neck. 

At his height I assumed that he must have been craning his neck or standing on his toes to reach my neck with his tongue. I didn't have much time to think about Colin however. In another second, Calvin's tongue was probing my mouth. He had released my dick and I was pressed between the inspectors; the nude meat between their fully dressed bodies. They began to move down my body, licking my tingling flesh. I felt woozy. Fear of failure mixed with giddy excitement. They were on their knees. Colin was licking the small of my back while Calvin playfully tongue fucked my navel like it was a very small pussy. They moved lower. I felt the exquisite torture of Calvin's tongue swirling around my cockhead as Colin licked my ass cheeks. I felt panicky as my ass cheeks were spread apart while a wet tongue slid down my rigid, throbbing shaft. 

"Please..." I gasped as one tongue stabbed at my asshole while another lapped at my tightened ball sack.

"Fight it," Calvin urged as the front and back of my thighs were being licked. 

They went all the way down to the floor and finished the inspection with my feet. When they stood and Calvin declared that I had passed, I couldn't help but notice the huge bulge in his shorts. I hoped that he would ask me to provide the relief to him that I was denied for another day. Instead he made Colin kneel down and suck him off as I watched. My need and desire were nearly maddening.

"You are doing great, John. I didn't think you would make it though this inspection," He said after feeding his seed to Colin.

Then he instructed the gofer to leave us. 

"Damn, buddy, I can't fucking believe you maintained control," He said sounding sincerely surprised.

"That is what is required," I replied simply.

"That is the test, true. One of you fellow inductees has already succumbed. I would be surprised if a second did not cum when he receives his next inspection. That would leave two to face far more intense inspections."

I wondered if the process was as much a test of the inspectors as it was of the inductees. It could well be a game and if it was one side would lose. I needed more information.

"But if we succumb, doesn't that show that we are unworthy of being on the council?"

"John, remember the nature of the brotherhood. Do you recall an early pledge test you experienced where you were admonished not to cum?"

"Of course."

"Did you pass the test?"

"I can only assume that I did since I became a member."

"Did you manage to deny yourself to the end?"

"No."

"Do you recall how you felt when you came that day?"

"I was scared, I thought that I had failed and would be rejected."

"What were you told about success and failure?"

I thought back to that night in the council room and recalled Brock's words: "You have made an assumption about what success and reward means. It is possible you have already succeeded simply by acknowledging the enormity of the task. However, it may also be that success lies in attempting even in the face of impossibility. As for reward, lasting as long as you can in such a test provides a kind of reward. Did you not learn that the first time you were asked to deny yourself? Then again there is a certain kind of reward obtained when failure comes."

At the time it seemed simple enough. But standing there naked, fully erect and craving release, the concept of success and failure was far muddier. Since Calvin no doubt knew the idea if not the exact words that Brock had conveyed, it was clear to me that I was being truly tested.

"I think the point was that perfection is impossible and that success comes from satisfying ourselves by achieving the most we can. So when we reach our personal pinnacle though we may have failed, we still succeed."

He smiled and kissed me softly on the cheek.

"John, you will fail to reach the seventy-second hour. Though it is not written in any chronicle, it is known that no one has reached the full time since the inception of the induction ceremony. This is a secret held only in the memories of those who have sat upon the august council of the brotherhood. That is why I dismissed Colin, it is a secret that he may not be told. It is the first of a group of secrets you will learn that are held sacred above all others. Now that you know the first, I am required to demand an oath of you."

"Cal, I would make any pledge required by the brotherhood."

"I know that. If I did not believe that you would willingly take the oath I would not have told you the first secret. Still, it is an extremely serious oath that proscribes harsh retribution for any who reveals the secrets. You should know that those of us who hold the secrets would not hesitate to execute the retribution."

I had seen the brotherhood's swift retribution when Ray's sins came to light. I assumed that Calvin was speaking of something far worse.

"I have no fear of retribution as I would never violate the oath."

"Then repeat these words: As a keeper of sacred secrets, I pledge never to speak of or otherwise reveal those secrets to anyone outside of the circle of knowledge. I further pledge that I will willingly submit to the ancient punishment if ever I fail to adhere to this oath. I acknowledge that punishment to be the swift and complete removal of my genitals."

Pledging my cock and nuts was harder than I would have imagined considering I was certain I would never fail. My voice was shaky as I repeated the oath. When I was done Calvin embraced me and I asked if anyone had ever violated the oath.

"Because such things are not written in the chronicles, I can not be certain. But the oral lore of the councils suggests that it has happened twice. The first time was a council member who served only ten years after the founding when the proscribed punishment was simple castration which the lore insists was carried out. His name has not passed down but could be assumed from those that served on the council that year. The other was about twenty-five years ago. He was an active council member that was romantically involved with a brother who was not on the council. During pillow talk he shared things he should not have under the assumption that lovers were exempt. After his failure to obey the oath came to light he hung himself before retribution could take place. All that can be confirmed is that a member of the council did commit suicide around that time. Some believe that the oath was not violated but the suicide allowed a way to pass on fear that the punishment was real."

"Wow, what do you think?"

"I think that the secrets are important and even tough it would hurt me, I would personally turn you into a eunuch if you ever reveal one."

I could see from his expression that he was dead serious. For a moment a scene flashed into my head. It was an image of Vincent Price in an old horror movie preparing to take a human sacrifice. But instead of a virgin it was me naked on the wooden table. I was strapped down and my feet were in stirrups. Vincent faded away and I was suddenly surrounded by six young men in council robes. One wielded a glistening, sharp, steel knife. They were chanting as the knife wielder moved between my legs.

"Are you alright, John?"

"Oh yeah, no worries about having to carry out that punishment though, Cal. Even without that looming over my head, I would always keep the secrets."

"I know. Get some rest."

He left and I crawled into my bed. Thankfully, my immediate need for sexual release had been thoroughly quashed by the thoughts of emasculation. I contemplated the concepts of success and failure as well as the idea of being a keeper of secrets. I knew that there was nothing that important that I should pledge my cock and balls to protect. But I also knew there was no danger of my being relieved of my genitals as I would never breathe a word to one who was not privy to the secrets. I managed a couple of hours of fitful sleep before I couldn't stand to lie in bed any longer. Needing someone to talk to, I took the foolish step of seeking out my neighbor and fellow inductee Craig.

I knew our shared sexual history and my attraction to him made our being alone dangerous. But there were few people in the world I could talk about the thoughts swirling in my head. As I stood at his door waiting for him to let me in, I realized that one of the things I wanted to discuss I couldn't be sure was ok. I didn't know if he had taken the secret keepers pledge yet and asking him would be a violation of my pledge if he hadn't yet taken the oath. I considered stepping away and seeking out Adam, who I knew I could talk to about anything. But, I didn't think I could resist the urge to fuck him and if I was forceful enough, my submissive mentor would allow me to break the celibacy order. I didn't think Craig would even entertain being part of my failure. I also wanted to know if it was Craig that had already succumbed.

"Man, what the fuck? You shouldn't be here," He said upon finding me standing at his door wearing only a pair of cotton gyms shorts. 

"I know, but I need a friend now. Too much shit is going down to deal alone," I said as I admired his nearly naked body.

He stood there nervously for a few seconds contemplating his next move. The obvious bulge in his skimpy bikini briefs that was the lone thing covering his nudity, made me think that he was not the one who had cum already.

"Oh fuck, I know what you mean come on in!" He finally replied. "We got to be careful," He added as he closed the door. "Denying myself release has me ready to blow!"

"Me too; glad to hear you aren't the one that already gave in and shot a load."

"What the fuck you talking about?" He asked as he sat awkwardly on hard wooden chair.

"Cal, didn't talk to you about failure at your last inspection?" I asked in reply as I sat down on his bed.

I could see from his expression that he had had a similar conversation as mine. But I still didn't know if he had taken the secrecy oath.

"Um yeah, but I don't think we are supposed to be talking about that," He answered nervously.

"Hey man if we both took the new pledge, it would be ok to talk," I said taking only a small risk.

"Oh fuck, I guess we are both part of the circle," He said more as a question than a statement.

"Yes, so it is ok to talk," I assured him.

He glanced at his crotch which made me think he was considering the penalty if it wasn't ok. Then he looked up and smiled at me.

"God, I am glad we can talk. Weird thinking about what I pledged to allow them to do to me."

"Do you think they really would cut off our dicks and nuts?"

"Cal sounded like he would do it in heartbeat. What the fuck is so important about the secrets they are going to tell us?"

"Hell if I know. All I know is I am going to fight to keep from cumming."

"I was thinking of just making it look good at the next session and giving in. He made it clear that they would make me cum before the time ran out. Why should I suffer when I can get relief and make them happy?"

"Are you so sure it will make them happy? What if there is more to it, Craig? What if they just want an excuse to use a harsh punishment?"

"What if it is? It can't be any worse than what they did to you last semester."

"Maybe not, but that whole eunuch thing has me spooked a little. Who knows what they might do?"

"I don't think we have anything to worry about."

"Well there is another thing I am worried about; the council branding," I said aloud for the first time.

I had of course seen the brand on some of my bed mates. It was considered an honor to wear the AOK for life. 

"I don't think it will be so bad. I quick little burn on the hip," Craig said softly. "I will wear it proudly.

"Me too, but Brock told me it is painful. Not so much when they do it, but during the healing process."

"Well the Doc will be there to take care of us. I am sure it will be ok."

Our conversation came to an abrupt end when the door flew open. Calvin stepped into the room along with the other two returning council members, Aaron Nelson, Joe Fields, who were fifth year seniors, Colin and two of the new pledges. The council members were in their robes. Colin wore nothing but a pair of AOK shorts leaving his growing love handles fully exposed. The pledges were nude. As I jumped to my feet to greet my brothers I knew that the ultimate test was upon us. 

"How convenient to find you both in the same place," Calvin snarled after we had all exchanged greetings. "Colin, please expose the inductees."

The scene felt totally wrong. I could not understand why there would be pledges present during a council inductee test. But I could see from the intense looks on the faces of the returning council members that question were not likely to be entertained. I stood at attention as Colin pulled my shorts to the ground and off my feet. Being stripped naked in front of others had become so common place I felt nothing as I once again stood nude before a group. However, when Colin pulled off Craig's briefs and exposed his fully erect dick I felt badly for my friend. 

"Were you planning to violate your pledge with your friend?" Joe said in a harsh tone while slapping Craig's erection.

"Brother, we have guests," Calvin reminded Joe calmly.

"Of course, forgive me," Joe said red faced as he retreated behind Aaron.

"Pledges on your knees!" Colin ordered and then led Craig and me into position in front of the willing young initiates.

Colin slapped our thighs to encourage us to spread our legs and then instructed the pledges to begin by licking and sucking our ball sacks. The pledges were clearly intent on pleasing us. What they were doing could only be described as ball worship. My cock quickly grew hard and soon I began to feel what at the time was a painful need for release. I could tell from Craig's body language and barely stifled moans that he was in even worse shape then I. When the pledges were instructed to move to our cocks, I was certain that I didn't have the resolve to hold back the tide. But somehow, even though the kid on his knees in front of me enthusiastically gave me an amazing blow job, I maintained control. After maybe ten more minutes of torture the pledges were pulled away by Joe and Aaron.
