 Note: I post this in gay male so as not to offend any straight men that would read it if I posted as group sex or some other category. My regular readers know that my characters have complex sex lives that do not easily fit into neat boxes.

*

Two days after the talk with Nateal I was back in Donald's bed, consummating my position as first man so to speak. After a lot of full body contact and exploration with both hands and mouths, I encouraged him to fuck me. Later, I wondered why I decided that he should be the one to be on top the first time we did anal. There really was no single reason. Part of it was that I felt it was an obligation as first man to offer my ass to him. But probably more important was that I really want to be fucked that day.

Most of the men in my life are bottoms. Though Zack had fucked me a few times it was a rare event and something that never occurred to him to initiate. Adam had become so subservient to me in the bedroom that I doubt he could have managed to keep an erection long enough to get his dick inside me. The only one of my fellow councilmen that really pushed the idea of fucking my ass was Terry and he was mostly too busy fucking pledges. Julia did me with a strap-on a couple of times, but that didn't do much for either of us. She preferred me to put my cock up her ass over her fucking mine and I preferred a warm live cock to a lifeless piece of plastic. So it had been several months since my last fucking and as the doc had told me when I was a pledge, I enjoyed it more than I ever admitted to others. 

Though Donald was rather clumsy in his technique, I came hard as he drove his cock deep into my ass. He was unable to speak for almost ten minutes after he pumped his thick jizz into my bowels. Though it left me sore, I was very glad that I had urged him to fuck me. As we lay in his bed talking later he told me that he wanted to return the favor and asked if I was free the next night. Like a good island man would, I explained that I had a date with his fiancée the next night. I had already had a difficult conversation with Julia over my plans. Alicia had asked me to spend the entire night with her. 

It was an important pre-matrimonial ritual for island women. Most would go off for a night with a man they considered special for some reason. They were not always former lovers as was the case with us. Some would choose an older man who was important in their lives, such as a teacher. Playmates from youthful explorations were also common. Alicia had decided our night would be spent in a tent on the secluded beach where we fucked many times and her father had tested my potency. Julia accepted the idea in principle but was still a bit unhappy with the arrangement. My sincere offer to deny Alicia's request definitely eased her mind over the idea. 

Donald was very easy to talk to about my being with Alicia. He knew that she was engaging in a number of sexual liaisons during the week of separation as it is known on the island. But he had chosen not to be told the details, so he had no idea about the all night fuck session. He again assured me that he was fully supportive of Alicia's pre-wedding needs. I promised that I would give him a good fucking before the wedding. I knew it would be a few days before I could honor that promise. I had to make up my absences to Julia and Zack. In addition, Adam was scheduled to arrive on the island sometime during the night I was to spend with Alicia. I knew that I would need time and energy to fuck him. 

The next day Zack and Julia told me that they were going to stay in bed and fuck while I took care of some first man duties regarding wedding preparation. I knew their purpose was to make me jealous which they were not wholly unsuccessful in doing, but not because they would be fucking. I absolutely loved being with the two of them and felt a touch of disappointment over missing out on the fun. However, I just told them to have fun and headed off for a meeting with Carmella.

The wedding was to be held in the gardens of the main house. Already the staff was busy rearranging things and setting up tents to protect from sun and any stray showers that occurred. Nateal joined his mother and me in the garden to work out the final details. In addition, to every citizen of the island, there were outside guests coming. Adam was extremely fond of Alicia and had insisted that her wedding should be the finest the island had ever seen. I was certain that if Adam had been straight, I never would have had the chance to propose to Alicia, because he would have married her. He told me one evening that taking her virginity was not just a duty to him as it was with most island girls he fucked. I wanted to ask him why he was going to let her become a whore considering his feelings. But I decided that was a question better left unasked. 

I spent most of the day with Carmella and Nateal working out the final details. When we were done Nateal asked to see me alone. He thanked me for helping with Donald and taking over first man duties. Then he told me how much fun he had with his future brother-in-law. I ended up sucking his cock. I would have fucked him but I wanted to save as much energy as possible for my night with Alicia. When I explained to Nateal he seemed to fully understand why I did not want to fuck. He told me that we should not do anything to lesson his sister's pleasure on such a special night. He spoke almost reverently about the evening ritual. For the first time I felt some pressure about the night. Clearly, it was a major deal in the bride's life; much more than a last fling. I hoped I could make it special for her.

When I returned to the house and my room to get ready for my date I was surprised to find Julia and Zack in the middle of an enthusiastic fuck. It was almost as if they had watched for me out the window and then got busy as a show for my benefit. I didn't know if that was the case or not since I chose not to comment on what I had walked in on. They were both naked; Julia was on her hands and knees on the bed. Zack was plowing into her pussy from behind like an out of control jackhammer. Since they were facing away from the door, they did not notice me come in at first. This gave me a chance to watch them fuck like I was a fly on the wall. 

"Oh fuck yes! Give me all of that cock!" Julia demanded.

"Yeah, that hot cunt needs it!" He barked and smacked her ass.

I took a seat in a chair near the door and watched almost mesmerized by the action. Zack was acting very different than he did when the three of us fucked. He was aggressive and demanding. I could see red marks on Julia's hips and knew that he had been spanking her hard while riding her. Julia who had never hidden how much she liked fucking Zack was far more animated than I had seen her with him before. I tried to recall if they had fucked doggie-style when I was around. I was pretty sure it had only happened a few times and when it did she was on her hands and knees sucking my cock. More often it would be me pounding her from behind while he was licking my balls or being sucked.

"Oh fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!" She wailed suddenly.

Zack had to grab her hips hard and hold on as she began thrashing about in the throes of a powerful orgasm. He was grinding his cock deep into her cunt as he dug his fingers into her hips to avoid being thrown off. In a few seconds his cries of ecstasy melded with hers. I watched as his ass clinched with each spurt of cum he shot into her body. A minute later, I stood and applauded. When they turned back, the looks on their faces showed genuine surprise. They clearly were not fucking for my benefit.

"You going to join us, baby?" Julia asked as Zack got off her and plopped onto his back.

"Wish I could, but I need to hit the shower and get ready for tonight. Fuck you two look so hot," I replied as I ogled my two lovers who were laying naked on display. "Have you guys been fucking since I left?"

"Sort of," Zack said impishly. "We took a break for lunch though."

I smiled and walked over to the bed. Then I gave each of them a deep kiss and told them how much I loved them. They returned the sentiment. I felt very lucky as I went off to the shower. When I returned to the room after showering and dressing they were still in bed, naked, uncovered. They were cuddled up and I felt torn. That was when I realized that my desires for Alicia were actually gone. I was going to fulfill an obligation not some need of my own. I went over and sat on the bed next to Zack. I reached over him and touched Julia.

"You two need to know something about tonight," I started softly.

"It is ok, you don't have to..." Julia tried to interject.

"I know but I want to. In many ways I am an islander now. This thing tonight is not about where I would prefer to be. It is a part of a culture that I am embracing. It is a duty to that culture and to someone I owe more than I can explain. Seeing you two lying here like this, makes me want to rip off my clothes, crawl in bed and never leave." 

"Damn, that's hot!" Zack exclaimed.

"I love you, John. More than I once believed I ever could love anyone. You're perfect; this life we are making is perfect. Go do you duty, have fun, baby," Julia said sincerely.

Having taken the time to watch Julia and Zack fuck caused me to leave a bit later than I planned. Alicia had asked that I meet her on the beach shortly after sunset. I planned to leave the house in time to navigate the winding paths through the tropical paradise while there was still enough daylight to maintain my bearings. The delay meant I needed a flashlight to help guide me over the familiar terrain. The foliage canopy over the paths made late afternoon seem almost as dark as twilight. When I reached the spot where the path spilled onto the expansive white sand beach, the sun was already very low in the sky. It appeared to be a blazing orange ball perched on an invisible ledge just over the horizon. Vivid colors spilled over the sea. Gentle waves lapping at the shoreline brought the magnificent hues to the white sands. 

On the beach was a large white tent that reminded me of something one might see in an epic movie set in the Arabian Desert. I could easily imagine a sultan sitting inside conferring with his generals about an upcoming battle. The tent was ringed with torches that were already aglow with dancing firelight. The tent faced toward the sea. I dropped the flashlight and stood, somewhat awestruck by the amazing beauty of scene. As I stood there watching the glowing ball of fire slowly descend below the horizon, I did not notice the young couple approaching from behind. Nateal touched me on the shoulder, causing me to jump. 

"I am sorry to have surprised you, John," He said in what seemed a subservient tone.

"Don't be, I was just lost in the beauty of the beach and sunset," I replied.

"It is an amazing place," The young woman with Nateal offered.

"John this is my wife to be, Vidonya," Nateal said proudly. "She is here to attend to Alicia and I will be attending to you."

I wondered if there was something about the evening that I had not been told, but chose to go with the flow. The couple was dressed alike. Each wore a wrap-around skirt like thing below their waist and nothing else. Vidonya was darker skinned than Nateal and had distinct Polynesian-like features. Her breasts were pert and though small seemed large on her diminutive body. Her hair was almost pure black and hung straight down her back. When she later walked in front of me I saw that the tendril-like tips reached to the top of her alluringly shapely ass. She had small dark areolas framing prominent pink-hued nipples. Her eyes were as dark as her hair and seemed to draw me in. Her demure shy smile completed a look that I knew would captivate most people. I wanted her instantly and could not help ogling her enticing body. 

"Nateal can you explain what you mean by attending?" I decided to ask.

Vidonya excused herself and walked toward the tent. 

"There is not really much for us to do. Our role is mostly ceremonial. A thing left over from history. It is an honor to be chosen for these roles."

"But will you two actually be doing? Will you be with us when we fuck?" I asked feeling odd about the arrangements. 

"No certainly not. Tonight is a very special and private time for you and Alicia. About all I have left to do for you is help you dress. I think that Vidonya has already finished with Alicia's preparation and only has to formally present her to you."

"Why are Vidonya's breasts bared if she is not to be involved in sex?" I asked unable to resist referring to the beautiful girl's state of dress.

"These are the traditional dress of the attendants," He explained as he guided me to another tent I had not seen at the tree line to our right. "Does it bother you that she is exposed to your eyes?"

"No, quite the opposite. She is beautiful and it is very pleasurable to see her so exposed," I told him honestly as we entered the tent. "You're a lucky man to be marrying her."

"I am very lucky and also very pleased that you find her attractive. Perhaps you will fuck her before we marry."

The calm matter-of-fact nature of his offering to let me fuck his fiancée threw me off balance, even knowing the islanders attitude toward sex. He told me to undress so that I could don my traditional outfit. I stripped bare while he watched. He did not hide the fact that he was enjoying watching me take off my clothes. It was one of the few times in my life that I felt strange taking my clothes off in front of someone. I had expected to be given the same skirt-like wrap to wear. However, Nateal had a completely different style of garb for me. Mine was a white linen robe somewhat reminiscent of a kaftan. The difference being that the top was open exposing my chest, the sleeves were short and the bottom reached only to the middle of my calf. 

My first thought was how good it felt having my cock and balls hanging free under the dress-like garment. Nateal surprised me when he told me that he thought I was very handsome in the traditional attire. I told him that I was very pleased that he was chosen as my attendant and that seeing him in his outfit made me want to fuck him. He blushed and giggled and then told me that would have to wait for another day. It was time for the start of whatever.

He led me across the beach to the front of the tent. I was instructed to wait outside. By then the sun had disappeared. The moon had not yet risen so the only light came from the ring of flickering torches. A few minutes after entering the tent Nateal emerged with Vidonya at his side. She was totally naked. He still wore his ceremonial skirt. There was enough light for me to drink in her beauty and neither of them seemed to mind the way I was looking at her. I would have expected to see a mass of dark hair around her cunt, but she was shaved or waxed bare. I somewhat wished that there was a group sex involved in the ceremony. I had a great desire to taste her smooth, sweet young pussy. 

"Greetings, Alicia awaits you anxiously," She said in a sweet voice and knelt at my feet.

She took my right hand and softly kissed each of my fingers.

"My future husband has told me much of you. He praises you and his tales have filled me with an undeniable curiosity," She said haltingly.

I looked down at her smiling, wondering where things were heading.

"I am sure Nateal exaggerates when he speaks of me," I tried to convince her.

"I know he only speaks truth to me. We share a great love and bond. It is for this reason that I wish to request something of you."

"Please ask, if it is something I can provide, I will do so with joy," I assured her.

Nateal looked on clearly nervous for her.

"I have never seen a man not of the island unclothed. Would you grant me permission to look under your robe before I present Alicia to you?"

I reached down and took the cloth in my hands. Then I slowly raised the material to expose myself to the curious island girl. Her eyes grew wide and she leaned closer to examine my genitals. I wanted to suggest that she touch them, but feared that might cross a line. In another few seconds she thanked me and I let the robe fall back down. 

"I will be happy to give you a longer viewing at another time," I said as I helped her to her feet.

"If you fuck her, would it stretch her?" Nateal asked seeming to be suddenly concerned.

"I don't think it would cause any permanent change in her body," I reassured him before addressing Vidonya. "I would consider it a great honor to fuck you if you would find that desirable."

"Nateal knows that I am very curious about what it would be like to fuck a man like you. Now that I have seen your cock I truly desire it. If he agrees it would be an honor for me also."

Nateal didn't say anything. I assumed it was a matter they needed to discuss in private. 

"Alicia awaits us. We should begin," Vidonya said sounding official.

She went to Nateal and removed his covering. They stood as a couple as if on display for my eyes.

"Forgive me, I have not been instructed on the proper actions," I said feeling embarrassed by my lack of knowledge.

"I am sorry, John. I should have talked to you about this night. I thought Alicia or someone had given you some instruction."

"All I really know is that we are to spend the entire night here fucking."

"That is the basic idea. However, there are a few ritual things that are done beforehand. It is traditional that you approach and touch the attendants before we enter the bride's ceremonial home."

It wasn't until the next morning when Alicia and I lay talking that I learned that the bride lives in the tent for the last two weeks before marriage. Only men who were properly presented to her for sex, their attendants and her female friends could enter. Grooms are not allowed to even see the outside of the tent. They only meet at neutral sites if they chose to see each other. Alicia and Donald had their pre-wedding conjugal visits in the gardener's shed where I first fucked Nateal.

"Touch how?" I asked as I approached the couple.

"As intimately as you chose, but it is not required if you are uncomfortable."

"I very much want to touch you both."

I fondled her breasts while caressing his smooth chest. Then I slid one hand down each of their bodies. As I caressed her bare sex I let the tip of my finger casually enter her damp pussy. With my other hand I gently fondled Nateal's balls causing his cock to grow. Vidonya seemed fascinated watching me fondle his balls. As men kept such things private, I was fairly certain that she had never seen him engage in any sexual contact with another man. It was equally likely that she had never seen him with another woman though it was possible that they had played in a group. She sighed and I slipped my finger deeper into her pussy and began to stroke his erection. Her eyes were glued on his cock and my hand. When I moved my thumb to her clit she gasped. Neither tried to stop me, but still I wasn't sure how far I was permitted to go.

"Is this alright?" I asked as I moved my thumb around Nateal's already leaking cock head and started finger fucking his future bride.

"Yes," He moaned.

I felt my cock growing rigid under my robe. Vidonya bucked slightly and began grinding against my hand. Using his precum for lube I pumped Nateal's small cock in my fist and then slid a second finger into Vidonya's cunt. She watched intently as his cock began to erupt in my hand. Then she cried out as she came on my fingers. When it was done, Nateal grabbed the skirt he no longer wore and cleaned his cum and her juices from my hands. Then he lovingly cleaned the juices that were dripping down her thighs.
