 As I enjoyed the comfort of one of Adam's private jets I was feeling much better about myself. I suppose giving up Alicia and Greg for the greater good made me feel noble. Then again it may have simply been my concerns about returning to school and the AOK after my long absence that drove the dark thoughts away. I had essentially missed one and a half semesters of life. Through some online work and the generosity of the administration I would end up only a few classes behind but socially I had missed a lot. 

Though they held my position on the AOK council and my room in the house, the AOK itself went forward without me. The pledges that had just begun when I nearly killed myself were full members. A new spring group that I had never met was well on the way to finishing the pledge period. Even though many of my brothers had visited me and the council had kept me informed, I knew that I had missed the growth of pledges like Zack and even friends like Craig. I felt that I had let both of them down. I was to have been Zack's mentor. Worse, I was to have been Craig's confidant and support as he worked to accept his true self. I fulfilled neither of their needs and feared my relationships with them and others might be permanently damaged.

The other thing that was weighing on me as I set alone in the luxurious aircraft was my feelings for Julia Greggs. After having allowed myself to so easily fall for others, I feared she might be just another failed attempt at romance. The idea that she might be able to accept me completely seemed absurd. How could any woman commit to a man that would never be faithful to her, I wondered. Yet she knew as much about me as anyone and still said she wanted to pursue a deeper relationship. Having called off my marriage to Alicia, Julia was at that point my only hope to have a family and remain true to myself and my desires.

Adam's limo took me directly to the AOK house. It was midday and the Greek area of campus was quiet as is typical of that time of day. Most students are in class or at the dining hall and not hanging round the houses. I walked slowly up the walk to the big house which looked foreign to me. It was almost as if I was visiting the old mansion for the first time. The kid on the door was one of the fall pledges who I had not gotten to know, Rudy Phillips. He was another of the wrestlers and carried well toned muscles on a compact frame. It was a warm day and he wore the AOK uniform appropriate for such weather, gym shorts and a tee shirt that clung to his well developed chest. I couldn't help but admire the five foot seven morsel of sexuality. My eyes traveled down his torso to his muscular thighs and then to down his smooth legs to his bare feet. 

"Welcome home, sir," He said with a broad smile ignoring the way I was ogling him.

I looked up into his sparkling green eyes and immediately wished that I had not missed his pledge semester. He was a cute kid with a mop of sandy brown curls on his head. His face seemed perpetually covered in peach fuzz which made me think even at 19 he did not need to shave. As he used the intercom to summon Colin, I tried to recall more about the sexy kid that seemed truly happy to see me. 

When he finished the call and said, "There really isn't anyone around right now. Colin said he would be down in a minute. I think he was napping which means he was probably naked," A picture of Rudy naked flashed into my head.

His nearly perfect six inch cock was cut and surrounded by very wispy light brown curls. His balls were small and hairless. His nervous giggle made me want to drag him up to my room and fuck him. I found the shyness about another brother's nudity both intriguing and sexy.

"Are you uncomfortable with nudity?" I asked hoping to start a dialogue on the subject.

"Not really, I think it is cool, but well, um, I kind of have a thing for Colin. Also, you are such a sexy man, sir, that I feel nervous with you."

I smiled and replied, "Rudy, there is no reason for nervousness with me. I think you are pretty damn sexy too. Now this thing with Colin, does he know how you feel?"

"I don't think he knows how much I like him. We have had sex many times and I even spend the night in his room sometimes. The sex is great and passionate, but I am too nervous to talk to him about feelings..."

"Talk to whom about what feelings, hot stuff?" Colin interrupted as he walked into the room.

Rudy's face turned bright red and his lips froze in surprise. Since his predicament was mostly my fault I quickly intervened.

"Greetings, brother Colin. I am afraid that you interrupted a private conversation," I said sternly.

"Greetings brother John, I hope you can forgive my rudeness," Colin replied with a look that said I hope you are going to whip my bare ass as punishment.

Rudy seemed to relax as Colin and I took our leave of the entranceway. The gofer immediately noticed my limp and offered to help me up the stairs. I told him that I could manage the stairs but would enjoy his company. I figured since I couldn't pull Rudy from his duties, I would fuck Colin instead. 

"So what was all that about private conversations? There are no secrets between brothers," Colin said sounding a bit peeved as soon as we were behind closed doors.

"Sorry about that, I was trying to protect Rudy. He was talking about you. Are you aware that he has feelings for you?" I asked.

"Yeah, I think, unless you're trying to say he is in love with me or something. We are great together and I really like him, but you know as well as anyone that I am not likely to end up with a sweet guy like him."

"I don't know if he is in love, but I would say he is definitely feeling romantic toward you. I am not so sure about your supposition though. If you really like him does it matter that he isn't a Dom. Fuck, maybe he could be more aggressive if he knew that is what you wanted. He said you guys don't talk much about feelings."

"We don't talk at all about feelings; we just have really hot sex."

"Man, if I was you and I had a sexy kid like that who I really liked that was all hot for me, I would fucking make sure he knew how I felt. He is too damn delicious to lose!" I said as I pulled Colin into my arms.

"I missed you John," Colin sighed as I groped his already hard cock through his shorts. 

"Get on your knees and show me how much!" I demanded.

Colin dropped to the floor and quickly opened my pants. They fell to my feet as he carefully lowered my underwear. I closed my eyes and pictured Rudy as Colin began enthusiastically licking my full balls. His delicate fingers expertly stroked my erection as he sucked first one then other of my heavy nuts past his lips. Suddenly he paused which caused me to open my eyes. He was staring at the scar on my thigh.

"Oh fuck, that was so close," He said as he touched the long, jagged, ugly scar.

"Yeah, losing my dick would have been worse than dying," I sighed. "Get back to business!"

He ran his tongue up the length of my throbbing meat as my eyes closed. Again I saw Rudy's cute compact body as Colin bathed my shaft with his tongue. I knew it wouldn't be long before I put Rudy in that same position as my mind wandered to ever wilder sexual scenes. When Colin took my cock head into his mouth, Zack and a couple of other pledges joined Rudy and me in my mind. I found myself with a half a dozen beautiful sexy young men as Colin deep throated my hungry cock. At some point Colin was added to the mix of writhing naked bodies in my fantasy. He had come in with Craig. I began to fuck Colin's mouth as my mind conjured up a wild orgy scene.

I was fucking Zach as Rudy rode Colin. Craig was being dominating by the rest of the young men whose faces I could not discern. We switched places as I felt my balls tightening. I was fucking Rudy and Zack was fucking Colin who had begun licking my ass. I roared as my cock exploded in Rudy's body in my fantasy while I pumped my semen into Colin's stomach. Knowing I owed Colin a debt he could not imagine, I pulled him to his feet and practically threw him onto the bed. I pounced on him and kissed him deeply as my body crushed him to the mattress. His hard cock throbbed against my flesh as my tongue assaulted his mouth. 

He was breathless when I pulled my lips away from his mouth and began to kiss my way down his body. First I lapped at his tiny hard nipples and then ran my tongue down the middle of his abdomen tracing his barely perceptible trail of hair across his naval. I kissed the head of his hard precum oozing dick before moving my lips to his warm, smooth thigh. He moaned and giggled at the same time as I licked the sensitive flesh of his inner thigh. When I reached his balls I took both of his smooth round nuggets into my mouth. The tip of my tongue pressed into his sack as I sucked his sweet nuts. 

He was writhing on the bed seemingly desperate for the blessed relief of orgasm when I let his balls fall free and ran my tongue up the underside of his throbbing cock. After swirling my tongue around his cock head and enjoying the sweetness of his precum, I took the entire length of his meat into my body. His beautiful cock filled my throat before I slid my lips back up his shaft. I fucked his cock with my mouth for only a few minutes before I was rewarded with a huge burst of cum. I sucked him until I had swallowed every drop he had to give. When it was done I crawled up and cradled his quivering body in my arms.

I held him for a several minutes until he recovered his breath. When he started to speak, I stopped him by pressing my lips to his mouth. I didn't need to hear his platitudes. His reaction told me how good he felt. Our tongues danced as our naked bodies pressed together. I could feel the sweat on his body as I explored his mouth with my tongue. I saw the smile in his eyes when I looked into his face. After a time we fell asleep together in my bed. It was dark out when I was awoken by a knock on the door. Colin was still wrapped in my arms.

Without a thought of modesty, I called out, "Come in!"

"I see you have already had a nice homecoming welcome," Calvin said as he stepped into my room with the rest of the council in tow. "If you can tear yourself away, we would like you join us upstairs for a little private business."

It was clear that whatever business he was referring to was for council only, meaning Colin who had woken up looking a little lost, was not invited. As I swung my legs off the bed, I patted his ass and suggested he wait for me in bed. I had no idea if he would be there when I got back even though he smiled and closed his eyes as if going back to sleep. When I went to stand up I could see that all of the council members were staring at my scar. Even though half of them had seen it in the hospital I suppose the sight was still startling. Perhaps that is why I chose to forbade the plastic surgeons from reducing the blemish. 

"Fuck, guys, it is just a little cut. All better now see," I said as I traced the jagged path with my finger.

Craig went to the closet to retrieve my council robe as Calvin stepped forward to help me to my feet. I asked why it was that I was to be robed when the others were in civilian dress.

"It seemed the easiest thing for you to slip on to pass through the halls. Perhaps you prefer to go in the nude?" Calvin explained.

Before the accident I might have eschewed the robe. But considering my fellow council members reaction to the scar I decided it best to be covered and took the robe from Craig. We went up the back way to the council's ante room. Calvin explained that they wanted some private time to rebond with me. I requested time for a quick shower and left them for a few minutes. When I returned wearing a towel around my waist I found that they had all undressed.

"I thought that there might be nudity involved," I said with a smile.

"I think if we could we might always be naked," Aaron said in a jovial tone.

"It is good to have you back with us John," Calvin said. "You have missed some things; in particular our regular little private meetings. We chose to have them in the nude to add to the openness we have between us. I hope you're comfortable with that idea."

"Very much so," I said as I tossed my towel back into the shower area and took my seat. "So are these meetings about sex or is actual business discussed?"

"Neither really, although I can't say that sex has never been a part of the activity," Calvin said. "Aaron, perhaps you could explain these sessions to John."

"Of course. At first we had these sessions as a way to become closer and to learn more about each other. Business can not be conducted because we are not in formal session. That of course does not keep us from discussing important matters that may come up in formal session later. As for the question of sex, for the first two months we stuck to a strict policy of making these meetings purely nonsexual. As we came to know each other better and grew more comfortable we relaxed that rule. I want you to know on a personal level that I am truly sorry you were not a part of the sessions from the beginning."

"I am sure we are all sorry that John wasn't with us every step of the journey," Terry added looking like he was mine for the asking.

"I appreciate you thoughts and apologize for shirking my duties for so long," I said sincerely.

"We do not feel you have shirked anything, John. In fact I have something very important to tell you on that subject. The peers have decided that your absence shall not appear in the official record. You shall have full seniority as to membership and within the peers as if you were here all along," Calvin informed me.

"I do not deserve such consideration."

"Of course you do. John, all of the peers see greatness in you. Aaron can not succeed me as president as we are in the same class. From the moment you were elected to council, maybe before it was the desire of the peers to see you wear the colored brand. Maintaining your proper seniority means that you can sit in the president's chair for two years following me."

"But I will not be prepared! I have missed too much," I protested.

"You missed far less that you imagine and all of the council stands ready to help you catch up. To that end we have decided to conduct the next several private meetings as we did the first few. We began by sitting like this and asking each other questions. We placed no limit on the nature of the questions and pledged to always answer fully and truthfully. Do you join us in this pledge?"

"Of course, I have already pledged to be open and honest with my brothers."

"Our questions have sometimes gone deeper than those that one would expect a brother to ask."

"I am willing to answer anything."

"My first question is why did you choose to leave the one scar unrepaired?"

"That is an interesting question and one I am not sure I know the answer entirely. But I will tell you what I do know. At first I thought it was to keep a reminder of what I almost did to myself. In recent weeks I have come to think of it as part of my punishment for certain things I did just prior to my accident. Then today, when I saw you all staring at the ugly mark, I had another revelation. Maybe I want to feel the revolution that comes from not being beautiful all over anymore. Then again maybe I want the sympathy that I saw in some of your eyes."

It was Craig's turn next and he asked an even harder question.

"What did you do that would lead you to believe that you deserve the punishment of bearing such a cruel permanent mark?"

"There is darkness in me. A demon if you will. I am capable of great cruelty when I do not control the beast. I let it out with all its furry and unleashed terrible cruelty upon two people I loved."

I looked back into the faces of the council and saw complete understanding and support in all of their eyes. I also saw the smile Craig was trying to suppress. I was certain he wanted to find a way to see my demon in action. After a minute Terry took his turn.

"I am sorry to press this issue, John, but I believe it is important for you to go into more detail. I ask this to help you heal not out of a salacious desire of my own. What exactly did this inner demon do?"

I had no doubt his intent was to help me and the idea of confession was appealing. So I told them every detail I could remember of that day at Adam's house. When I was done each of them expressed their understanding. The remaining questions turned to other things. I was asked about fantasies and early sexual experiences. None of the answers were remarkable or unusual. When it came my turn I simply asked each of them to tell me something I didn't know about them.

Calvin regaled us with a tale of his bisexual affair with a sixty year old neighbor couple the summer after high school. The man was a cuckold that was totally dominated in the bedroom by his wife. She made him suck Calvin's cock and then watch as she got fucked by her young lover as she called Calvin. Every meeting brought new degradations for the old man while she praised Calvin's sexual skills. The interesting part was that he had made love with the old man behind the woman's back all summer long.

Aaron's admission was somewhat of a surprise considering his tale at the pre-induction ceremony about being a straight guy who happened to like kinky sex enough to fuck guys. 

"I didn't lose my virginity until I was nineteen. It was with a prostitute that I paid to fuck me weekly starting with the night of my nineteenth birthday and continuing the whole fall semester. That is why I jumped at the chance to have sex with my team mate and his girlfriend. I guess in a way that is why I accepted sex with guys even though I had never felt an attraction," He told me openly.

It was obvious the others had heard all the details before. But I couldn't let it go at that. He was a good looking guy who both sexes found attractive. To me it didn't make much sense that he had not gotten laid early and often. He didn't hesitate to explain when I asked the reason for his waiting.

"I wet the bed until I was almost 18. That made me hesitant about everything in life. I was so fucking shy in high school I could barely talk to girls. Asking one out on a date was impossible. Also, my images of sex included sleeping with the girl after. That was of course a terrifying thought. That prostitute I was with was the one that really helped me get over my shyness."

I didn't ask for any more details. I figured I would learn more soon enough. I hadn't expected Craig to have anything particularly revealing to tell me. I knew him better than any of the other council members. We had shared a lot and I at least felt a bond with him. 

"I guess you know almost as much as the rest of the group from our talks before we came on the council. So, I will tell you something that happened while you were away," He said making me think that some momentous thing had occurred. 

"I have fallen in love; I have found my soul mate!" He practically shouted in a joyous tone.

"With who?" I asked barely disguising my surprise.

Knowing he was gay and truly submissive; I couldn't imagine he had already found a soul mate so quickly.

"Edward."

I was speechless upon hearing the news that Craig believed he was in love with his 50-something mentor. My first reaction was confusion. When he continued happily I decided I might be wrong.

"He has already offered me a job in his company and place in his home after I graduate. I wish you could have been here for our joining ceremony. I am bound to him, John"

I am not sure I had ever heard anyone sound as happy as he did telling me about giving himself over to Edward. I was happy to learn that Craig remained free to have sex with anyone in the brotherhood without Edward's explicit permission.
