 I was gently nudged awake by Colin. As the room was windowless I had no way of guessing the time. Joe took care of that problem.

"Come on John, wake up and get something to eat. It is six-thirty and we make our entrance at exactly seven-thirty."

I did a quick calculation in my head. Based on the previous information that our procession to the lower level was to begin at eleven-fifteen, we would have nearly four hours at the peer ceremony. I wondered what we would be doing with all that time. Considering I had already expelled more cum that day than I thought possible, I couldn't imagine there being much more sex on the agenda. 

There was a light buffet of sandwiches and fruit set up for us. For the first time in year I felt a little odd being naked with a group of guys. I couldn't remember having ever had a meal that way. At seven-fifteen, Cal announced that it was time to get ready. I had not noticed that Colin had disappeared until he opened the council room door from the other side. The new members followed the three returning councilmen into the big room.

The room setup was very different. The council table and chairs were gone. In its place was a low platform that Cal led us onto where we stood as if on display before an assembly of maybe sixty men all wearing council robes. As the group applauded our arrival, Colin exited out the rear door. All those in the council hall were past, present or incoming council members. When the applause stopped Adam rose and stepped toward the platform. Somehow I managed to stifle the smile I felt inside upon seeing my lover and mentor. It was born of both the joy I felt at his presence and the pride I felt for taking another step in my journey to be his peer. 

"It is with great pride that I welcome and ordain the new council of the brotherhood of the AOK. This is my last induction as alumni president. It fills me with true joy that such a fine group of young men are joining the covenant of peers as keepers of the sacred truths today."

Then Adam opened his robe exposing his body to the assembled council. I was a bit surprised that he was flaccid considering that he was ogling seven naked young men, which I knew had to make him horny. I later learned that he spent the morning with a couple of the alumni having sex so that he would be as spent as the inductees. As he stood there with his body exposed and his eyes caressing our naked flesh he explained that the day was not about sex. 

"Today is about the open embrace of your new peers. You are being welcomed into a close circle that few will ever know. You will soon feel the power of the love that binds the circle together. It is a higher expression of our love for the brotherhood which we serve and lead. You will forever carry the joy of being a peer of the great council."

He asked the returning council members to step down and come to him. They each in turn fondled his flaccid cock and soft low hanging balls gently. It was clear that their actions were done with great reverence. Then one at a time he took their ball sacks in his palm and had them recite the pledge of secrecy. When they finished he kissed each of them on the cheek and they returned to the platform. Before taking their place in line each returning member walked by the line of inductees. They kissed each of our cheeks while caressing our flaccid cocks. It was suddenly clear why we had been drained of so much sexual energy before the ceremony. In a way it felt like we were being tested with intimate touch in a situation where arousal was not expected. Even though I remained soft the twinge I felt in my core concerned me. I did not want to get a hard on at an inappropriate time.

Once the seven of us were all in line again, Adam explained that the induction would begin with each of us being called forward separately. Terry was the first to be called down from the platform. Part of me wished I had been first so that I could have gotten it over with. But, I was mostly happy to get the chance to see the ritual before being called. It was a council secret which meant there was no rehearsal. Adam placed his hands on Terry's chest and seemed to be toying with the swimmer's tiny nipples. I could not be certain since Terry's back was to me and the rest of the inductees. 

"You have been chosen to be elevated to a special place in the brotherhood," Adam began in a very serious formal tone. "It is my honor to begin the process of ordaining you as a peer of the supreme council of the AOK."

That was the first time that I heard the council called supreme. It wasn't until a few days later when I was reading one of the sacred texts that fully understood the meaning of the term supreme council. The sitting council was but one level of leadership. The supreme council included all who had ever served on a sitting council. It was a lifetime appointment. Though there were thousands of brotherhood alumni, active and inactive, in the world, there were relative few supreme council members. No more than four new members were inducted per year. The AOK had existed for about 130 years at the time. Assuming half of those who had served on the council had passed on, that meant that there were probably less than 250 living members of the supreme council. Had I known these facts when I looked over the faces of the sixty or so of them that had assembled for our induction I might have felt even more humbled. 

I could see that Adam was moving his hands down Terry's abdomen as he continued, "Today, though you will be touched intimately by your peers, it is not sexual gratification that is sought. This afternoon as part of your bonding with the current council you were drained of sexual energies. That ceremony therefore accomplished more than strengthening you connection. It prepared you to accept intimate contact in a nonsexual context."

Though he was speaking directly to Terry, it was clear that Adam was talking to all four inductees. It was also clear that his hands were between Terry's legs. I was not sure that I would manage to deal with the intimate contact as something nonsexual. At that point Adam had Terry drop down to his knee. The sexy blond swimmer looked like a diminutive football player taking a knee for a speech by the coach or a knave about to be knighted by the king. It was definitely more like the latter when Adam placed his hand upon Terry's bowed head. 

"You have pledged yourself to us and offered up a most sacred thing as collateral for the trust we offer you. The taking of that pledge sealed the path of retreat. There is no reversal possible. We asked now that you show the understanding of this truth by taking my cock between your lips and showing your desire to be embraced fully by your peers."

Terry leaned forward as he raised his hand to guide Adam's soft cock to his lips. When his head stopped moving forward I could only assume that meant that he was holding Adam's cock in his mouth. Adam slid his hand off of Terry's head and caressed the new council member's cheek before stepping back.

"I now call upon the most senior peer present to complete the ordination of this most worthy candidate."

A tall slender man in the front row rose and moved toward the front of the room. I judged him to be perhaps seventy. When he moved next to Adam and opened his robe, I wondered if I had misjudged his years. His tan fit body sported thick grey hair from his chest to his balls. His soft cock was uncircumcised and hung down below his ample ball sack. It made me wonder if cocks sagged as men aged or if he just had a very long cock. I also wondered I he was still able to get an erection and partook of sex with his younger brothers. That idea fascinated me for some reason. I regularly had sex with Adam who was more than twenty years my senior and I had had great fun with Ralph Fielding, a sixty year old alum. Still the whole age difference thing and the idea that I might have sex with a man older than my grandparents were somewhat captivating.

"I am Jordan Delamond and I stood where you stand sixty years ago. I still wear with great pride the mark I was given that day," He said as he pulled open his robe and turned so that we could see his combination brand and tattoo.

He did not need to tell us that meant that he had been council president. He also didn't need to tell us that his being branded sixty years earlier meant that he was over eighty. 

"I have seen many new members join the peers and always make it a priority to come to know the young men that join us. I have read about each of you and honestly believe you have all been well chosen for this honor," He said as he let his robe slide back over his hip. 

The question of whether he liked to have sex with young men seem to be answered by his only slightly disguised reference to getting to know the new council members. 

I want to echo brother Adam's statement and say that I too feel great pride in being able to take part in your ordination," Jordan said as he moved toward Terry.

I could see a slight tightening of Terry's well defined upper back muscles. I wondered if he had an issue with the idea of sex with an octogenarian. I figured that being fucked by an old cock was far from everyone's cup of tea so to speak. But my thought was that in the name of the brotherhood and history it wasn't such a big deal on top of everything else we had been asked to do. Jordan's first words to Terry caused me to believe that sex with Jordan would be a very special thing.

"My brother, I have known the brotherhood's past and embrace its promising future. When I first roamed the halls of this house I had the great honor of becoming acquainted with Ol' Fred. I believe I carry here today a part of his essence. So as he helped officiate at my ordination, he continues to be part of this and future ordinations."

Terry raised his head and looked up at the old man that stood over him speaking of the brotherhood's long dead founder as if he was in the room. The tension in the swimmer's back muscles seemed to ease.

"Rise and let me embrace you," Jordan instructed in a deep clear tone that left Terry no choice in the matter.

The sexy blond slowly rose from his kneeling position. He stood with his arms open ready to accept the embrace of the elder council member. Jordan who was a couple of inches taller than Terry wrapped his arms around the younger man and pulled his nude flesh tight to his semi-clothed body. Jordan slid his hands down Terry's back and cupped his buttocks. As he whispered in Terry's ear the old man massaged the rounded orbs. Later Terry told me that Jordan had been making very sexy and seductive suggestions as he ground his hardening cock into Terry's belly. Jordan stepped back and took hold of Terry's ball sack.

"These precious givers of life now belong as much to the supreme council as they do to you. You have pledged an oath to give them to us if you break our sacred vows. I pledge to you now to take them if that dark day ever comes. I further pledge to you in the belief that such a thing will never happen, to protect them and you. You know the love of the brotherhood and all that your brothers will eagerly do for you. The bond of the peers is even greater. What we do for one another is without bounds or limits."

Then he asked Terry to turn around. As Jordan knelt behind the young man, Terry's beaming smile was aimed in my direction. The older man kissed the small of Terry's back and then appeared to be running his tongue down into the crack of Terry's ass. Jordan looked more his age when he had to lean heavily on Terry to get to his feet.

"I have given to you the most intimate of kisses to show the sincerity of my pledge. To seal the circle and become one with us, all that is left is for you to kneel and taste the cock that once knew the lips of the first brother so that what was is passed to what will be."

As Terry knelt and began to suck Jordan's long semi-flaccid cock, I contemplated the words. I wondered for how much longer a direct connection from the first generation would continue to exist. I imagined that there had likely already been inductions without anyone who had known Frederick Stimson in person. For the moment, I could only imagine how the words might change to fit the age and history of the speaker. After a few minutes Jordan asked Terry to stand. The old man's uncircumcised cock was no longer soft and hanging down over his balls. His tool stood as proud and hard as a young man's cock. Its length and girth were impressive. His large bulbous red cock head was fully emerged from its protective sheath. His entire nine inches glistened with Terry's saliva and his own precum. 

"The circle is complete. The chain from Ol' Fred through the peers is solid and unbroken. My brother, I ordain you a peer of the supreme council."

Jordan closed his robe and returned to his seat. Adam stepped forward and kissed Terry before whispering what I figured was a private congratulation. Another of the audience members stepped forward and helped Adam place a robe on Terry before escorting him to a seat in the audience.

Craig was called forward next. Adam ran his hands down the front of Craig's body as he had Terry's body earlier. However, he did not feel the need to repeat his opening speech. He didn't speak at all until he directed Craig to kneel. He did however repeat word for his reminder about the pledge. 

"You have pledged yourself to us and offered up a most sacred thing as collateral for the trust we offer you. The taking of that pledge sealed the path of retreat. There is no reversal possible. We asked now that you show the understanding of this truth by taking my cock between your lips and showing your desire to be embraced fully by your peers."

Craig was very enthusiastic in fulfilling the request. When Adam stepped back, I was surprised that he did not call Jordan back to the front. Since I had not been given any advance instructions on the ordination ritual, I had no idea that each of us would be ordained by a different alum. "I now call upon another of our most distinguished peers to complete the ordination of this most worthy candidate."

I did not need to hear the next introduction. I remembered Edward Arrington from my pledge education session. I knew he was in his mid to late fifties and therefore not old enough to have known our founder personally.

"Greetings brothers, I am Edward Arrington and I stood where you stand over thirty years ago. I also wear with great pride the mark I was given when I joined the peers." 

He pulled open his robe and revealed his uncolored brand. It seemed that being a former president of the council was not a requirement to ordain new members. His body hair was mostly grey and thick like Jordan's. But his cock was very different. He apparently had not done anything to avoid arousal and was fully erect. His average sized, circumcised cock was definitely what I would call attractive. It seemed almost perfectly portioned. His well defined cockhead had an almost perfect flare at the back of the glans that seemed to be screaming for my tongue's attention. I recalled how much I had enjoyed sucking his cock the first time as he continued speaking.

"Unlike my dear friend and brother, Jordan, I came to the brotherhood after the founders were no longer with us. I represent the third generation of the brotherhood. My contemporaries were some of the first not to hear the teaching of Ol' Fred first hand. We were also some of the last to come to the brotherhood wide eyed and fully innocent. I was ordained as the horrors of the Great War in Europe came to an end. As you know it was a time that tested the strength of the brotherhood and ultimately laid the foundation that our brothers stand upon today." 

Craig remained completely relaxed as Edward approached the kneeling inductee.

"My brother, I have known the brotherhood's past and embrace its promising future. Those that knew Ol' Fred mentored me. I believe through them that I carry here today a part of his essence. So as he helped officiate at the ordinations of the second generation of the brotherhood, he continues to be part of this and future ordinations. Rise and let me embrace you."

Craig stood quickly and was instantly engulfed in a bear hug. As Jordan had with Terry, Edward whispered in Craig's ear as they hugged. The remainder of the ceremony was an almost verbatim repetition of Terry's ordination. 

As he held Craig's balls, Edward repeated the elder peer's pledge, "These precious givers of life now belong as much to the supreme council as they do to you. You have pledged an oath to give them to us if you break our sacred vows. I pledge to you now to take them if that dark day ever comes. I further pledge to you in the belief that such a thing will never happen, to protect them and you. You know the love of the brotherhood and all that your brothers will eagerly do for you. The bond of the peers is even greater. What we do for one another is without bounds or limits."

The pledge was followed by the exchange of kisses. Once he had kissed Craig's ass, Edward intoned the third generation version of the circle completion request. 

"I have given to you the most intimate of kisses to show the sincerity of my pledge. To seal the circle and become one with us, all that is left is for you to kneel and taste my cock. As my cock has known the lips of one who's cock knew the lips of the first brother that what was will be passed to what will be."

Craig knelt and engulfed Edward's erection. In only a short time I learned how the issue of the chain from one generation to the next was handled. I could see it would be easy to adjust the words to match any number of links that had occurred from Ol' Fred to the speaker.

"The circle is complete. The chain from Ol' Fred through the peers is solid and unbroken. My brother, I ordain you a peer of the supreme council."

Once Edward was back in his seat, another peer rose and helped Adam robe Craig. My turn came next. It was very odd being felt up by Adam in front of an audience and hearing the ritual words he spoke. I only held Adam's limp dick in my mouth without any movement of my lips or tongue, since I thought too much attention from me might cause him to loose his resolve to remain flaccid. I did not know the man he called up to ordain me. His youthful appearance made me wonder how many links there were in the chain between him and Ol' Fred. 

"Greetings brothers, I am Sebastian Delaroche and I stood where you stand only eleven years ago. I also wear with great pride the mark I was given when I joined the peers." 

He pulled open his robe and revealed his colored brand as well as his very hot body. Based upon his appearance the former council president could have easily been mistaken for a new inductee. At thirty-five, he looked as fit and youthful as any of the current members. His body hair was light colored and sparse except for a small neatly trimmed thick patch at the base of his cock. Other than his shaved balls and neatly cropped pubic hair his genitals were otherwise unadorned. However, he did sport body art on his upper torso. An elaborate scene that except for the myriad of exotic animals that populated it, it could have been based on a place on Adam's island, was expertly tattooed upon his chest and abdomen. His rock hard cock was long, thick and angry looking. The pronounced circumcised head sported the largest most prominent cum hole I had ever seen. I wished that I could suck him to completion to experience the river of cum I thought must flow from such a large opening. 

"Unlike those that proceeded me in this honor today, I came to the brotherhood after the founders and most of those that they mentored were no longer with us. I represent the generation of the brotherhood that directly proceeds the one of which you are a part. Still I enjoyed the touch of those who came in the time of innocence as well as those who came when freedoms had expanded and the brotherhood had evolved. The chain was unbroken when I roamed these halls and will be unbroken into the distant future. 
