 I spent several minutes just sitting on the bench contemplating my strange evening. I made a mental note to speak to Hector about what he had seen. I also hoped that he might share his experiences of becoming of the island and his relationship with Greg. Although, I imagined that he would be somewhat circumspect talking to me as he clearly saw me as a guest. I also truly wanted to talk more with Salina about island life. I knew that being alone with her was fraught with peril but I believed it was my best shot at gaining deeper understanding of island custom. I resolved to find a way for her to understand that my interest in her was completely nonsexual. The bigger trick would be convincing myself to resist my always present urges when it came to her.

Having enough of rehashing my evening, I headed for the house. I was hoping to sneak upstairs and find Adam waiting for me in his bedroom. But as I slipped through the conservatory door, I was startled by a voice in the dark.

"You've been a busy little boy," Adam said in an odd unfamiliar tone.

I turned and watched the smoke from his cigar meandering toward the glass ceiling. As I watched the moonlight bounce off the curling grey tobacco residue, I wondered if his strange tone conveyed anger or some other emotion altogether.

"It has been an interesting night," I replied in the most noncommittal tone I could muster as I moved toward him.

"An odd way to describe the evening you had," He suggested as he offered me a cigar while pouring me and unasked for drink.

"Were you spying on me, Adam?" I asked without hiding my annoyance as I took the cigar from his fingers. 

"Not really, I would describe it more as indulging a perversion. I suppose I should have told you that the gardens immediately surrounding the house are not a place for privacy. Though it seemed unnecessary to me, an elaborate system of security cameras were installed when the house was renovated."

Whatever the reason, indulgence or spying, I was seething at the thought that he had been watching me on a security monitor. Had I given it much thought, I might have considered all the times I had been watched on camera as pledge at the AOK house. I had never really felt anger over that and Adam was one of the watchers on occasion. He may have thought there was no difference that night. But I wasn't thinking and analyzing. My gut reaction was a feeling of being violated. I was angry and hurt. Why Adam watching on a camera felt so different than Greg, Hector and Salina watching from the bushes I will never know. But whatever the reason, I was stung by the feeling that Adam had somehow betrayed me. 

Keeping my emotions in check, I lit my cigar with a shaky hand and then took the drink Adam made me. My glass was half empty before I pulled it away from my lips.

All I managed to say as Adam stared me down was, "Why?"

"Because, I like to watch people fuck. Maybe I will go grab that hot young thing that works on the boat and bring him up here. You two can put on a live and in person show for me. Shame he ran off, seeing you three sweet young things together would have been a real treat."

"Fuck you!" Burst out of my mouth.

I had never seen that side of Adam. I was hurt and felt as if I was no more to him than any boy he kept around for his amusement. Only a few hours before he had told me how special I was and how much he loved me. I had been on top of the world. Suddenly, he was telling me that he would enjoying seeing me put on a sex show.

"What is your problem, John? You never seemed to have a problem with an audience before."

"I should go to bed, before I say something that will fuck us up forever," I said unsure of what to do.

Then I drained the rest of my drink.

"Damn, you are really upset. Shit, I am not letting you go anywhere until we talk about this and about what you and Alicia decided."

"What, no fucking microphones to listen in?" I asked in a nasty snarl.

"No, I have no idea what was said. But I do have a pretty good idea of the sounds your in person audience heard while you were pounding her sweet cunt. I am sorry that I upset you. I swear I was not spying. I was sitting in my den when the sensor signaled activity. I was curious and peaked at the cameras. I wasn't even watching you at first. Hector and Alicia's brother had my full attention. That fucking deck hand knows how to ride an ass! When you and Alicia got into it, I couldn't help but watch. You know what a perverted motherfucker I am, John. Please, cut the shit, if the situation was reversed I am sure you would have watched too."

"Maybe, hell it has been a weird fucking evening. I got engaged, had amazing sex with my new fiancée, then I sucked my future brother-in-law's cock. All while being watched by a woman I never met who I ended up making out with and had to fight myself not to go farther with."

"That one surprised me a bit. First that you two kissed like that and then that you didn't even at least get your dick sucked. Salina is a rather enthusiastic cock sucker."

"Jesus, she sucks your cock?"

"Occasionally, and I fuck her with a vibrator while eating her very appreciative cunt."

"So you respect the islander's prohibitions on fucking fertile married women?"

"Yes, even though I have a feeling she wishes I didn't."

"Do you know that she is fucking one of your employees?"

I wished I could have taken those words back. I had promised her to keep her secrets and had violated my oath in less than an hour. My expression must have conveyed my concern to Adam.

"No, I didn't, though I am not surprised. Don't worry, I have already forgotten what you said," He reassured me as he refilled my glass.

"Adam, I am sorry. I don't know why I am so angry. It hurts when you talk like I am just another playmate who might do a show for you."

"Fuck, I love you! That just makes the show all the more exciting to me. God, secretly watching first those two delicious island boys and then you with your hot little island lover got my juices boiling. I am a perv, you are a perv. We have to accept these things about each other to make our relationship work, John."

"Yeah, I guess. Just please tell me that there isn't a tape of the festivities."

"There is, but we can go to my office and erase it before we go to bed."

We set there talking while we finished our cigars and a couple more drinks. I told him all about my conversation with Alicia. We made plans to have her and her family come to the house the next day to formally commit to the marriage. The strong drinks had caused me to feel a little woozy as we walked to his office.

"Well, here we are. Do you want to watch it before I destroy it?" He asked and winked at me.

I am not sure if it was the alcohol or innate curiosity that made his suggestion seem like a good idea. Watching a sex movie with Adam, even one staring me and my bride to be, seemed incredibly erotic at the moment. I was pretty sure he was surprised when I agreed to watching it with him. He pressed a button and a piece of the wall disappeared as we sat down on the sofa together. Adam and I cuddled up as a rather dark scene appeared on the large previously hidden screen. He pressed another button and as if by magic, Greg and Hector's enticing nude bodies were suddenly better illuminated. Adam clearly had access to some of the most advanced technology in the world. 

The two young men were stretched out side by side on a carpet of emerald green. I knew they were somewhere in the gardens because I could make out the well tended flowering bushes that surrounded the small lawn that served as a bed. I squeezed Adam's thigh as we watched the sexy islanders take turns sucking each other's cocks. Both of them as I knew were very skilled and the camera happened to be placed in the perfect position to catch the action. The effect was reminiscent of an amateur gay porno movie. After a few minutes of mutual cock sucking, Hector suddenly became aggressive. He pushed Greg onto his back and pounced upon him. At that point I wished there was sound so that I could hear what Hector was saying as he ground his cock into Greg's crotch. 

As Hector held Greg down, he dry humped him and began to bite Greg's chest. Greg squirmed under the assault, but clearly had no intention of escaping from the sailor. In another minute, Hector lifted up and effortlessly flipped Greg over. When he smacked Greg's ass the younger islander quickly drew his knees under his body. Hector spit on Greg's proffered ass and began to work his fingers into a seemingly very willing rectum. After dribbling more spit in Greg's ass crack, Hector mounted him much like a bull mounts a cow in the field. There was no slow start to allow Greg to get used to having Hector's cock shoved up his ass. Hector rode Greg rough and deep. Each thrust rocked Greg's body. 

I knew watching a hard ass fucking like that had to be exciting Adam. I moved my hand from his thigh to his bulging shorts and began to manhandle his hard dick as we continued to watch the action on the screen. Adam started moaning, giving a hint as to the sounds we could not hear in the garden scene. I knew that Hector and Greg must have been some distance away from Alicia and me since I had not heard any sounds. There was no way that Greg could have remained quiet while being fucked like a wild animal. I put my hand inside Adam's shorts as Hector's body tensed. He raised his head toward the sky and buried his cock deep inside Greg's body. It appeared that they had both cum hard. 

Adam grabbed the control and pressed another button as I pushed his shorts down to get better access to his hard cock. The scene changed to me and Alicia talking on the bench. As I watched the scene of me kissing Alicia on the screen I roughly stroked Adam's throbbing shaft. I was squeezing his dry dick so hard as I pounded it in my fist I am surprised I didn't rub the skin off his delicious cock. I have thought about that night many times and still wonder if I was subconsciously trying to hurt him as punishment for the invasion of privacy I had felt. I stopped jerking Adam's dick as I watched myself on screen pulling off Alicia's dress. She was beautiful even in the dimly lit pictures flickering on the screen. I could see why Adam could not have turned away from the picture. I was so enthralled in the action, I barely noticed when Adam slipped off the sofa and moved between my legs. 

As I undressed for Alicia, he freed my erection from the prison of my shorts. I had a sort of surreal feeling as I watched the picture of me turning Alicia around and taking her from behind. The feeling was made even more bizarre when Adam began to suck my cock while on screen I was fucking Alicia. I remembered the thoughts I had of fucking Adam's ass while I pounded her hot cunt. I reached for his head and began to bounce my ass up and down on the sofa. He let me hold his head and fuck his face while I stared intently at the unfolding scene of rough wild sex being presented on the far wall. I saw myself cum, but did not give into the urge to repeat the orgasm in Adam's mouth. Instead I pulled him off my cock and back up onto the sofa. 

In another minute Greg and I were talking on screen as I pulled Adam's shirt off. Once I had him naked I began roughly pounding his cock in my fist again. I could feel Adam's tenseness as I watch with fascination the way I devoured Greg's cock. As my screen image drank down my young island lover's thick cum, Adam's cock erupted like a fountain spraying his seed all over my hand and his belly. Needing to fuck him, I grabbed him and pulled him to the side of the sofa. He willingly bent when I pushed him over the plush, stuffed arm of the expensive couch. I wondered how many other times the maids had to clean cum off the fabric as I watched Greg get dressed and head out of camera shot. 

I accosted the maid in the bushes as I used Adam's cum to lube his anus. I had expected, maybe even hopped he would protest what I was about to do. I knew that Adam liked to be fucked hard, but we had always used plenty of lubrication. The little bit of cum and spit I had that night would mean I would be giving him the roughest fuck I ever had. But he didn't make even the slightest protest as I dribbled spit into his ass crack. At the same time the maid sat down with me I rammed my ragging hard-on deep into his very tight ass. He cried out it in a clear mix of pain and pleasure, but did not ask me to stop. By the time I kissed the maid, I was fucking him so hard that I was banging his body into the sofa. All that remained on the screen was a deserted bench by the time I emptied my balls into his rectum. I hadn't even noticed that he had cum somewhere along the way. I was so overcome by lust that I might not have notice a bomb going off in the next room. 

I staggered away and practically fell on the floor before finding Adam's desk chair. Adam did not move, he remained bent over the arm of the sofa, panting, with my cum oozing from his red, swollen asshole. When he finally did stand and walk toward me, I could see bruises beginning to form on his torso where I had pounded his body into the sofa. I was shocked when I saw the evidence of how brutally I had fucked my mentor.

"Oh god, Adam, I am sorr.." I said as I reached for the darkening purple marks on his belly.

"Shhhhhhhh, you have no reason to apologize. Unless, you think giving me the best fuck of my life is reason to be sorry," He said and pulled me to my feet. 

We kissed as I pondered the paradox of such a strong domineering man so enjoying being brutally fucked in what almost amounted to rape in his own office. I knew that there were a lot of emotions at play in what had just happened. However, I was fairly certain that the driving forces had been rage and anger, not love. He clearly felt loved and sexually fulfilled in a way I would never understand. Impulsively, I smacked his ass hard as our lips separated. He just stared into my eyes and smiled. I saw pure joy in those sparkling dark eyes. 

"You don't have to stop there, John," He said softly.

I knew we were at place where it was possible to cross into a much wilder territory and in so doing cement an entirely new kind of relationship. I raised my hand and smacked his other buttock harder as our eyes remained locked. He made a deep contented kind of purring sound as I enjoyed the wonderful feeling of the sting radiating from my palm up my arm. I knew where we were heading and had to fight to keep my body from trembling as I contemplated how far to take the spanking I knew I was about to give Adam. 

"Don't resist you desire. Don't hold back, please, babe," He moaned.

Adam's perception is always spot on, but still each time he shows his perfect insight, I am amazed by him. I pulled my arms off of him and took hold of his hand. I led him to the far wall the way one might lead an errant child to stand in a corner. I lifted his arms up and he voluntarily placed his palms flat on the wall. He spread his legs slightly and pushed his ass back as I looked around for something to use instead of my hand. I settled on a leather sandal I had abandoned when we first came into the room. It had a thin flexible sole which seemed to me to be a perfect paddle. As I picked up the sandal, I wondered when Adam had last been paddled. I could only guess that it was when he was still an undergrad and undergoing an AOK ritual. 

I walked over to him and gently caressed the faint scars that remained on his ass from beatings given to him by his mentor, Culbertson. That made me realize that his last beating was certainly sometime after graduation as he had served Felicity's husband until the old man's death. I kissed his back and reminded him that brothers punish with love. Then I stepped back and laid the sandal against his ass hard. His cry was unmistakably joyous. I do not know how many more times I hit his ass before I dropped the leather paddle and stood admiring the red welts on his ass. He did not move when I dropped to my knees and began to kiss the searing hot flesh of his wounded ass. I felt a passion filled hunger for him and was thrilled when I reached between his legs and found his rock hard cock. 

I asked him to turn around and saw that his cock was red and puffy in addition to being erect. I knew that was due to the rough way I had handled his cock while watching the surveillance video. I planted soft kisses up and down his cock. My rough demeanor melted away as I caressed his damaged flesh with my lips. I loved every minute of what I had done to him and I was sure that he had wanted and loved it also. I knew that it would be a part of our love making from that point forward. But at least for that moment all I wanted was to give him a gentle loving blow job. As I began to suck his cock, I wondered if he had purposely maneuvered me into an aggressive, hostile posture. I was sure for a man like him asking a lover to be very rough or deliver a hard spanking would be a difficult thing, no matter how much he wanted it to happen. Once again I was awed by Adam's ability to get what he wanted without even having to make the suggestion. Suddenly, he sighed softly and his cock oozed a small amount of musky cream onto my tongue. I stood and kissed him. 

He smiled and whispered, "Thank you."

He took my hand and led me to a back staircase. Walking hand-in-hand nude up the stairs felt odd. As there were always servants around the house I assumed we would be observed in the upstairs hallway. It wasn't so much our nudity that I thought would be of concern if seen. Adam's ass bore visible signs of the spanking and his cock's puffy red condition could be easily seen even from a distance. As it turned out the stairway led directly into his bedroom suite. If Steven had not been in the room attending to something in the closet we would have gone completely unnoticed. 

I probably wouldn't have given much thought to being seen by the outwardly dispassionate and seemingly uninterested valet had Adam not told me of Steven's sexuality. I was pretty sure that he surreptitiously was checking out my exposed body while asking Adam if there was anything we needed. Again I had momentary thoughts about things I could not imagine actually doing. After being dismissed by Adam, Steven left via the same stairway we had come up. A picture of him gathering our discarded things and cleaning the cum from the office sofa nagged at the corners of my mind as we climbed into bed. Due to Adam's tender backside, I lay on my back and he lay with his face on my chest. 

He absentmindedly fondled my cock and balls as he kissed my chest and I caressed his upper back. Considering where he was touching me, there was a definite nonsexual feel in the air. It was intimate without being lascivious. I happily drifted off to sleep with his fingertips teasing my ball sack. I was enveloped by a series of happy dreams featuring Adam, Alicia, Greg, Paul Stavros and even the maid I had so foolishly kissed in the garden. In the dreams we frolicked freely in paradise. There was seemingly no work for any of us, only hedonistic pleasures. Later other faces came into focus. Faces that I could only recall without bodies I could touch. People who were no longer in my life it seemed. People like Dom, Troy, Kyle and others that I would have had to cast aside to live life freely in a tropical paradise. 

Oddly, in my dream, it had not been Adam's island we were on. Just before morning brought back my consciousness, I found myself looking down upon the island as if I was in an airplane. There were no buildings just beach and palm trees. As the plane climbed I saw a crescent moon. There was something wrong with the scene. When we went still higher my limp cock come into focuses and then my low hanging balls appeared. It seemed we had all become trapped on the tiny island that adorned my pubic area. Although the imagery bothered me, I never told anyone about the strange dream. I chose instead to suppress it and purposely did not contemplate any meaning it might have held. It was however to my dismay, a dream that returned in various ways periodically over the years. 
