 I felt unusually anxious during the flight to San Juan. Julia, Zack and I were all aboard one of Adam's planes. I could tell from the way she was acting that Julia was also feeling some trepidation about the summer. I wasn't sure what was making her so anxious. She said she was fine with the idea of me fucking Alicia one last time, when I explained that it would be a great insult if I refused the invitation I had received to do so. She also expressed great excitement about being a witness to Alicia's cock draining ceremony. 

It was traditional that the bride's escorts and the ladies of the groomsmen be present. Because of my special relationship with Alicia and Donald not inviting his friends I was chosen to be what the islanders called second man. Nateal was to be first man. Alicia would have three attendants. That meant that there would be five witnesses to the bridal blow jobs. I was surprised when I was informed that Alicia would suck me off twice. Since she could not suck her brother's cock I would take his place as well as my own. Though Julia had seen other guys suck my cock it would be the first time she witnessed another woman giving me head. I wasn't sure how she would feel when I walked in and exposed myself for the kneeling bride to service. To be honest, I wasn't really sure how I would react to her being in the room fully dressed while my old lover sucked my cock.

Only Zack seemed unconcerned about upcoming events. He was clearly very happy to be going to the island for two months. The uninhibited lifestyle of the islanders appealed to him. When we visited before he had fully availed himself of both the young men and women who found him very desirable. Though Zack was clearly deeply in love with both Julia and I, he remained totally open and sexually adventurous. My only hope was that he didn't wear his dick out over the summer since I knew he would be a very busy guy. 

Shortly after takeoff, Julia began pacing around the plane and then went to sit alone up front. That left Zack and me together. He quietly confessed to me that he had hoped for some mile high fucking during the flight. However, it was clear to both of us that Julia was not in the mood. I wasn't sure that Zack and I getting it on was a good idea with Julia about fifteen feet away with her nose in a book that I was pretty sure she wasn't really reading. Besides the anxiety I was feeling didn't exactly elevate sex to the top of my list of activities. But I always wanted to make Zack happy and figured fucking would be a good distraction. So I allowed things to start slowly hoping Julia would notice and come join us.

At first Zack and I were just kissing. But in separate private plane seats making out was awkward. I felt a bit like a kid trying to learn to kiss. Zack came up with a solution. He got out of his seat and climbed into my lap. As I slipped my tongue into his mouth, I looked over and saw Julia had swirled her chair in our direction. She was smiling at us. I was surprised when she let her eyes flutter shut. It certainly wouldn't be the first time she had slept nearby while Zack and I fucked. However, I found her choice odd since she and I had not had sex for a few days. At that point we seldom went as much as 48 hours without fucking. 

By that point Zack's hands were roaming and my growing desires pushed my concerns about Julia's lack of interest in fucking aside. I nudged Zack off my lap and opened his pants and pushed them down his muscular legs releasing his rock hard cock. He pulled off his polo shirt leaving him naked from the knees up. I leaned forward and kissed his twitching cock as I nudged his pants lower. He lifted each leg allowing me to push his pants completely off his legs. He was now naked as he had taken his sandals off as soon as we got on the plane. I sat back for a minute admiring his sexy body as I gently fondled his warm ball sack. He was defiantly atop my list of favorite pieces of eye candy. I could have sat there looking at his incredibly sexy body for a long time. But he had other ideas.

Zack smiled at me and knelt down between my legs. He removed my shoes and socks slowly while looking up into my eyes. It seemed almost like a ritual. My entire body tingled when he ran his hands up my legs. He slowly opened my pants as if unwrapping a precious gift. I raised my ass off the seat and let him pull my pants down and off my legs. He nuzzled my cock through my underwear before starting to slowly unbutton my shirt. As soon as my chest was exposed he kissed his way up my abdomen. His lips lightly brushed through my body hair until he reached my left nipple. I jumped slightly when he slipped his tongue out and teased the tiny bead on my chest. My contented sighs signaled him to go on. He closed his lips around the dark circle that sat on the left side of my chest.

As he gently sucked on my man tit, I looked over at Julia. Her soft breathing and the gentle way her chest rose and fell told me that she was truly asleep. The mischievous smile on her lips intrigued me. I wondered what she was dreaming about. Perhaps she was just playing an old image of Zack and me in her head, I thought. She had never hidden how much it turned her on to watch the two of us having sex. I would not have found it so odd, having known many women who got off on watching guys fuck, except for her lack of interest in lesbian sex. What I still didn't know at that point was how much she was into voyeurism. I would soon find out that she loved watching others fuck, no matter the genders or combinations. 

Zack briefly moved his lips to my face and kissed me softly. Then he dropped back down onto his knees. He began teasing me by gently biting my throbbing cock through the fabric of my boxers. I was dying to feel his wet lips and silky tongue on my bare flesh, but knew how much Zack enjoyed drawing out sex. My patience was always well rewarded. I reached out and caressed his head as he started sucking my cotton encased cock, allowing him to control the pace.

At some point he looked up and sighed, "Oh god, I love you, John!"

"I love you more than I can properly express with words," I replied and leaned down to kiss him.

Before our lips pressed together, he sighed, "Fuck me please. I want to be one with you."

I pressed my lips to his and slipped my tongue into his mouth. A minute later he was on his knees in my seat. I was knelling behind him, doing my best to lubricate his boy cunt with my tongue. Though I was sure that there was some lubricant on the plane somewhere neither of us wanted to wait while I looked for it. 

"Come on baby, I'm ready!" He begged long before I was sure he was wet enough.

I stood behind him and massaged his shoulder with one hand while guiding my cock to his waiting rosebud. He gasped as I pushed my cock head into his body. I paused not wanting to hurt him, but he urged me on. 

"Come on baby, fuck me! Fill my body with your beautiful cock," He practically demanded.

There was almost no resistance when I pushed my cock deeper into his rectal canal. Zack was always an amazing fuck. It seemed he could will his body to relax and accept an invading cock. When my balls hit his ass, I ground my cock deep inside him. 

"Oh god, yes! That's what I need, John! I love you! Fuck me, hard, please, now!" He called out.

As I pulled back, I heard Julia stir. I looked back and saw that her eyes were wide opened. Her expression told me that she liked what she saw. I rammed my cock back into Zack's body. I began fucking him hard. He kept begging for more. Julia and Zack were both moaning as my balls began to tighten. Suddenly I realized that she was next to me. I felt her bare flesh touch my body. She began pressing her dripping pussy against my hip as I rode Zack's welcoming ass. She massaged my back as the first of her orgasms sent her creamy juices flowing down my leg. I could tell from the quantity of female cum that she had had an intense orgasm. Suddenly, I could smell her sex. I drove my cock to the hilt and Zack cried out.

His shaking body and gasping moans told me he was coming. His rectal walls clamped onto my cock. Julia pressed her cunt harder to my hip and cried out. Her second orgasm took hold. The small cabin was filled with the sounds and scents of raw sex. I came hard joining my two lovers in orgasm. I could feel my cock throbbing in Zack's tight ass. Fatigue quickly replaced elation. Zack began to relax and I pulled my shirking cock from his cum filled rectum. I fell into the seat next to him. Zack rolled onto his side and Julia slipped into my lap.

As I sat there panting she whispered into my ear, "God, I love you and I fucking can't believe how hot you are, baby."

I was still so overcome I couldn't respond beyond a smile and a warm feeling. At that moment I felt like I was the luckiest man that ever lived. I had two perfect lovers, one of each sex that allowed me to be completely open and true to my needs and desires. They both loved me deeply as I did them. Even more importantly, they accepted each other and the feelings we all shared without jealousy. It was at least ten minutes before Zack and I recovered our senses. Julia just sat in my lap looking at us waiting patiently. I was pretty sure one or both of us would be eating her sweet pussy soon. But first I had to ask her why she had been so anxious.

"Baby there is something important I need to know. I can see that you are concerned about something. Please what is weighing on your mind so heavily?"

"Damn, we are connected," She said. "I know that I have no reason to worry, but you being back on the island where sex is so free and where you seem to feel emotions so easily has me on edge."

"Do you think that I would ever lose my connection and love for you? Even if there were a million people to freely fuck, I would always want you," I declared.

"I know and watching you with Zack, being with you both, reminded me of what we have."

"Really? You know I don't want to hurt you or this great thing we have, or you either Zack. But everything so far has been based on an incredible openness and freedom for all of us. If I had to give up some freedom to keep you happy I would. But I do not think that would work for us in the long run."

"It wouldn't baby. Our relationship has made me understand what was missing in all my other romances and affairs. I need the freedom and variety we share as much as you need certain things."

"I love you and I don't ever want you to worry about our bond," I said as I caressed her supple breast.

"I love the shit out of you both!" Zack exclaimed as he slipped onto the floor.

Julia quickly figured out what Zack wanted. She slipped around in my lap so that her back was against my chest and slid her ass down my thighs. Once in place she spread her legs wide as if she was setting up a buffet for him. I watched breathlessly as he ran his tongue up her thigh. He used his fingertips to spread her labia open, revealing her wet, silky, pink, inner folds. I could see the love in his eyes. I held her in my arms, massaging her tits as I watched the sexy wrestler begin to eat her sweet pussy. She was soon squirming in my lap and pressing her heels into the seat pushing back against me. My cock grew hard against her back as I watched Zack lovingly lap up Julia's flowing juices while I fondled her heaving breasts. 

"Oh fuck!" She wailed.

Her body writhed in my arms and her head fell back against me. I slipped my hands down to her hips and lifted her up. Zack took hold of my rigid pole and guided it into her quivering cunt. Suddenly my cock was enveloped in her hot, wet, convulsing pussy. I lifted my ass, driving my cock deep into her cunt as Zack plunged his face into our combined sex. He licked her flowing juices from my balls while fingering her engorged clit. Julia was lost in a seemingly endless orgasm. I was certain that the pilots and the attendant in the front cabin could hear cries of passion even through the closed door. I was unconcerned. They had certainly heard more wild sexual activity than our threesome. The combined stimulation of Julia's convulsing pussy and Zack's talented tongue soon had me on the verge of ecstasy. Julia hit another peak just as my cock erupted spewing the content of my balls deep into her body. 

After another minute she slid back releasing my cock. Zack quickly sucked my shrinking cock clean of our combine cum. When he was done, he cleaned up the cum that was oozing from her pussy. After that, Zack stood up and lifted Julia from my lap. It was one of the few times I had ever seen such a commanding look in his eyes. He wanted something and clearly meant to take it without asking. My soon to be co-husband spun Julia around. She bent over, bracing herself by griping the arms of my seat. I kissed her as Zack drove his cock into her wide open, cum filled cunt. He grabbed her hips and started fucking her hard. I sat back, watching, enjoying the view of Julia's bouncing tits. It wasn't long before he added his cum to mine. Later Julia told me that she lost count around her twentieth orgasm. 

In San Juan we transferred from the private plane to a private helicopter. Adam's yacht was busy transporting other guests. I didn't know at the time how many current and former AOK had been invited to the wedding. Adam at Alicia's request had included some additional men so that she would have plenty of cum in her belly on her wedding night. Alicia thought they needed substitutes for the male friends Donald could not invite. She and Donald had planned a large family. Though he had fully accepted the islander's lifestyle, it was more of an academic acceptance than and emotional one. Alicia knew that she would never have the same freedoms she would have had as my wife. In addition, she truly believed that a belly full of cum would make her more fertile. 

Upon arrival at the big house, I informed Steven that all three of us would share my usual room. Adam's valet was not very successful hiding his surprise over my chosen sleeping arrangements. Though there had been no formal announcement, he knew that Julia and I were engaged. Even though he knew some of my sexual history, I suppose he still found it strange that I would take another man to bed with my fiancée. I wondered how he would take the three of us moving to the island together. I had to let those thoughts go, however. I had an appointment with Donald. The job of groomsman was serious business on the island. In addition to discussing what he needed me to do leading up to the wedding, I also wanted to see if he had any more questions about island life. He had been living there on and off for months and I was fairly sure that some things must have come up that needed explanation. 

Donald had his own cottage in the area where Paul Stavros lived. Though pre-martial sex was very much encouraged, pre-marital cohabitation was all but forbidden. I considered that another odd tradition. But I did see one good reason for the rule. The bride and groom were both expected to sow their final wild oats in the weeks leading up to the wedding. Living together might put a damper on fucking others. I walked down the old familiar path and easily found Donald's cottage. I was pleased to find him alone. I had though that Nateal might be part of the meeting. When I inquired about the first man, Donald explained that he wanted to see me alone first. Nateal was to join us in a few hours.

"Since you wanted to see me alone, I assume there are some things you need to discuss," I said as soon as we sat down in his living room.

"Yes and some of them involve Nateal."

"Has he done something that concerns you?"

"Concern may not be the right word, but I am confused about how to handle some aspects of island tradition he has related to me."

"Their ways often seem odd. Mostly, I have found going with the flow is the best path. But if you are uncomfortable with things, maybe that won't work."

"I suppose I should just explain the situation. A couple of weeks ago he arranged a small get together in my honor. I guess it was an islander version of a bachelor party. It was Nateal and few of his friends. He did apologize for not being able to have any of my friends at the gathering. I am rather glad none of them were around considering what happened at the party." 

"Let me guess. There was sex involved," I said stating the obvious.

"Yes, after we drank some delicious alcohol made here on the island, his friends started striping. I suppose I looked somewhat confused. Nateal took me aside and explained in his way that an all male orgy was traditional before marriage. It seems that island men desire a great deal of cock play prior to marriage owing to the long years they are required to reserve their prowess for baby making after the wedding."

"That sounds like a reasonable supposition based on what I know of the island men. Did you reject the idea?"

"I was certain that it would have been a great insult to him and his friends and possibly all islanders to have rejected sex."

"That may be a bit dramatic. But it certainly would have baffled them. What happened?"

"A lot of cock sucking. I am pretty sure I sucked every one of Nateal's friend's cocks. I felt obligated in a way. I am not sure how many of them sucked mine. I was offered all of their asses also, but declined. They seemed to accept my preferring oral sex. Two couples did have anal sex during the party. Nateal was very enthusiastic about fucking one of the guys." 

"That must have been Bento," I interjected.

"How did you know?"

"It's a bit complicated, but Bento is basically, Nateal's boyfriend."

"That does seem complicated, but I think that can wait for another conversation."

"Sure, seems it may be off subject. So what has you troubled? Was the sex distasteful to you?"

"Not at all. In truth, I enjoyed it more than I imagined I could."

"May I ask whether it was the giving or the receiving you liked so much?"

"Both, these guys are really enthusiastic cock suckers. Much more so that any of the admittedly few guys I have experimented with," He explained before exclaiming wistfully, "Oh god their compact cocks felt good in my mouth!"

"They are fun to suck. Is that it? Does liking sucking cock bother you?"

"Hell no, look, what I am happily getting into. Besides, they weren't the first island men I blew. Alicia pretty much insisted I behave like an island man while here."

"Donald, that reminds me there is something I need to ask you about."

"If it is about you fucking Alicia, you don't need to ask. She told me she needs to be with you one last time at least. We have talked a lot about island life and her needs. I would never deny her anything."

"I am glad she told you."

"Oddly, me too. It is also very gratifying that she pledged not to fuck you if I forbid it."

"She wouldn't be a proper island woman if she fucked me behind your back, just as I would not be a proper island friend of yours if I did not speak to you about it in advance."

"I am glad you're my friend and that you can give so much pleasure to my Alicia."

"I am thrilled that she found such a wonderful man. Now what has you so concerned?"

"Nateal wanting to have sex with me," He blurted out.

"You didn't at the party?" I asked not hiding my surprise.

"No it seemed wrong having sex with my future brother-in-law."

"I can assure you that it is not a wrong on the island. Did you reject him?"

"Not exactly. During the party, I managed to avoid him. There may have been some inadvertent body contact, but nothing intentional, at least on my part."

"What about since the party?"

"I just put him off. I haven't said yes or no. I am not sure I can..."

"Fuck is the word they use on the island. They are plain speaking and you need to learn to be also."
