 THE DISCOVERY

Jeffrey and Scott were sitting the rustic living room of the summer cabin owned by Jamie's parents. They had arrived on Friday evening and Scott had an enjoyable weekend. The parents Peter and Claudia had returned home late Sunday evening leaving the two teens to enjoy a week at the cabin. Peter and Claudia still worked but the boys were home for the summer from college. Scott and Jamie both 19 years old were cousins and good friends. Scott had always suspected that Jamie might be gay but he had never discussed it with anyone. The Monday after the parents had left his suspicions were confirmed. 

At 19 years of age Scott was a fit 6'2" 190 pound young man. He had played football and wrestled in high school and his body showed the hard work. Scott had light brown hair and was a very handsome young man. He had been one of the more popular guys in high school and he had his share of dates with the high school girls. Although he had fucked a couple of girls in high school he really learned about sex the summer after high school graduation. Scott worked part time at a local grocery store during the summer months where he met Monica one of the full time employees. Monica was 25 years old and although she wasn't very pretty she had an incredible body and she knew how to use it. She had seduced Scott and before the summer was over his cock had been in her mouth, pussy and ass many times. Monica was one who taught him about oral and anal sex. Scott entered college very experienced for his age and he looked forward to meeting the college girls.

Jamie was very different from Scott. Jamie was 5'6" and weighed 150 pounds. He had blonde hair that covered the nape of his neck and he had a hairless body with flawless skin. If one looked at Jamie from behind one would swear that Jamie was a girl. He had shapely legs, a narrow waist and a perfectly shaped ass. He had been a loner in high school but during the summer after high school he learned about sex. Jamie met Artie who was 21 years old and who taught him about sex. It was then that Jamie learned that he was gay. Artie taught him about oral and anal sex and by summer's end Jamie was very skilled at both. Artie had taken Jamie's oral and anal virginity and he had come to love anal sex. Jamie was careful about being too bold about his sexuality. 

They shared the same bedroom at the cabin when the parents used the other one and there were times when the two boys stole glimpses of each other. Scott looked at Jamie when he was facing away from him. After a shower Jamie would come back to the room, drop his towel and get dressed. Scott studied his cousin's shapely legs and curvy ass and though about how feminine he looked from behind. Jamie was well tanned from his summer at the lake except for his ass which was lily white. The contrast in skin tone only served to accentuate the perfect ass.

Jamie would also steal glimpses of Scott checking out his package. Jamie felt his own cock stir whenever Scott was nude and his big cock dangled in front of him. There were times that Jamie jerked off in bed thinking about Scott's big cock. Scott knew that Jamie was jerking off in bed but he never suspected that he was the object of Jamie's desire. 

On Monday Jamie moved into the parent's bedroom which had a TV. That night Scott went to the bathroom and noticed that the bed covers were moving while Jamie was watching TV. He suspected that Jamie was jerking off and decided to scare him. Scott quietly entered and moved across the room to Jamie's bed. Jamie was occupied and the bedcovers were moving rapidly as he jerked off. Scott grabbed the covers and yanked them off. Sure enough Jamie had his right hand wrapped around his erect cock.

"Ha I caught you. What are you watching? Shit those guys are fucking, are you gay?"

"I'm busted, you got me."

"Where did you get that DVD?"

"At a store near school, I have a few of them. This is my favorite movie. It is called Tops and their Lovely Bottoms. It has six different scenes of bi-guys having sex with cute gay bottoms."

Scott watched as the movie played. Guys were fucking and then the top pulled out and sprayed his load on the gay's bottom. Cum was flying all over the place. Jamie continued his dialogue about the movie. 

"Kyle is a bottom and he has the most delectable ass. He just seems to love getting fucked in the ass and having cum sprayed all over his body."

The sequence showed a guy lying face down getting fucked in his very shapely ass. Then the guy fucking the one face down pulled his cock out and jerked off on the gay's ass. The gay lying down had his ass cum covered and then the other guy put his cock back in the prone gay's ass. It was a very hot scene and Scott actually got an erection from watching it. 

"Gees Scott, your cock is huge," Jamie gasped as he looked at his cousin's briefs bulging out.

"Oh shit, I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry. Can I see it? I have never seen a cock as big as yours."

Scott was apprehensive but then thought what the hell it was only he and Jamie in the room, "Okay since it's just us."

Scott pulled his briefs down and freed his cock. The impressive organ leaped out of his underwear and stood straight up. Jamie stared at it for a moment and then reached for it.

"Whoa, whoa what are you doing?"

"I just want to touch it, okay?"

He let Jamie touch him. Scott always liked the feeling of a hand different from his own on his cock and he closed his eyes as his cousin stroked it. Jamie slowly stroked the big dick with one hand and cupped the bloated balls with the other hand. Scott sighed as Jamie's hands moved over the genitals. He didn't resist as his cousin's head moved toward the stiff shaft.

Scott closed his eyes as Jamie's lips kissed the engorged cock. His body tensed as the lips moved up and down the shaft and then he gasped when Jamie's mouth engulfed the cock. He struggled with the decision if he should let Jamie blow him but not for very long. He was horny now and the mouth felt good on his cock so he decided to let Jamie blow him. 

Jamie proved to be very good cocksucker and in no time he had Scott ready to blow his load. Scott tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Jamie turned to sit on the edge of the bed and drew Scott in toward him. He caressed the back of cousin's legs and cheeks of his ass as the warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on the pulsating cock. Jamie massaged the mushroom head against the roof of his mouth. He circled the shaft with his tongue and Scott felt the light scraping of teeth. His dick felt harder and longer than it felt in some time and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

He took the big cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Scott's bloated balls. Jamie smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Are you ready to cum Scott"?

Scott had his eyes closed and he just shook his head in the affirmative. Jamie then took the cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked hard. He reached under Scott's balls and rubbed the hardness between the testicles and anus. Scott felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. He knew it was going to be a big one too.

Jamie grabbed his cousin's buttocks with both hands as Scott exploded in his mouth. He fired round after round of cum into the receptive mouth and Jamie sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into the oral cavity as Scott seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Jamie sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from it. Scott felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the bed. 

"I need to get off I am so hot!" Jamie exclaimed in an excited tone.

Scott watched as his cousin stood up and jerked off. Jamie's hand flew rapidly over his hard cock in search of his own release. Jamie shot his load and the first couple of blasts must have traveled three feet before landing on the floor. He seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Scott watched as the shapely buttocks tightened and then relaxed as he fired his load. He admired the bare ass as it was lily white compared to the well-tanned body. Jamie had a beautiful ass and Scott felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he thought back to the scenes in the movie and wondered what it would be like to fuck his cousin's ass. Jamie looked over at Scott and saw that he had another boner. 

"Scott would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Jamie asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Scott's direction. 

"I don't know. I've never done that."

"Haven't you fucked a girl in the ass?"

"Yes but never a guy."

"It's the same, you can do it."

Jamie's 6" erect dick wavered in the as he knelt on his bed and raised his ass in the air. Scott looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Jamie reached back and lubed his asshole with some kind of lotion. 

"Here put this on your cock too," Jamie whispered handing Scott the cream.

Scott took the lotion and applied a generous amount of lotion to his 7+ inch erect cock. He knelt behind Jamie and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass since Monica and now he was about to fuck his cousin. Scott then spit on his dick making very slippery, he had learned that from Monica. Next he eased into Jamie's asshole. 

Scott was gentle with him allowing him to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in the sweet ass and he fucked the young man royally. Scott held on to the pretty twin cheeks as he fucked him thoroughly. It was obvious that Jamie had been butt fucked before. Still Jamie couldn't believe how full he felt with Scott's enormous dick in his ass. Jamie felt Scott tense and then fill his ass with cum. He continued to fuck his cousin's ass as semen trickled out and ran down over Jamie's balls. Jamie fired a blast of cum onto his bed as Scott eased his cock out of the clenching ass.

The two of them then flopped down on the bed and relaxed. Not a word was spoken between them as they both contemplated what happened and what the rest of the week would hold. Scott struggled with his inner feelings and mixed emotions. He had just fucked his gay cousin and although he was not gay he had to admit that it was great sex. Jamie had proven to be as skilled as Monica in oral and anal sex. He had to admit that it didn't seem any different getting a blow job from Jamie or Monica, they were both great. He also had to admit that it didn't seem any different fucking Jamie's ass or Monica's ass. Even though it didn't seem different at the time it now seemed wrong. Scott then slipped out of Jamie's bed and returned to his room. Not a word was spoken again that night but that's how it started. 

EROTIC VIDEO SCENE

On Tuesday morning Scott wok up and stared at the ceiling contemplating what had happened the night before. He had actually enjoyed the sex with his cousin but he felt odd and guilty. Even though he liked his cousin it was still gay sex. He didn't think that it was right and he made of his mind that he would put an end to it before it went any further. His bladder pressure reminded him that he needed to take his morning piss.

He got out of bed and walked down to the bathroom. The door to the other bedroom was open and he peeked in to see if Jamie was awake yet. He saw his cousin lying on his left side with the bed sheet just covering his legs from the knees down. Jamie was naked and his curvy bottom was on display and Scott admired it again. He had to admit that Jamie had one hot looking desirable ass. He scolded himself for thinking that way again and turned away. 

Scott took his morning piss and returned to his room to get dressed. He made a pot of coffee and sat out on the small porch enjoying the natural surroundings and wildlife. It was another 30 minutes before Jamie finally got up and joined him on the porch. They enjoyed their morning coffee and neither one of them mentioned the night before.

"I'm hungry," Jamie announced.

"I'll make breakfast. That's the least I can do as your guest."

"Oh I don't know. You did pretty well last night."

There it is Scott thought to himself, "Yeah about that Jamie. That cannot happen again. I'm not gay."

"You don't have to be gay. You can be bi, like those guys in the movie. Besides you seemed to enjoy it and your came twice."

"I just don't feel right about it. Let's drop it. I'll get breakfast going and later we can take the boat out and catch some fish for lunch."

The two young men ate breakfast, cleaned up afterward and then took the boat out. They rode around the lake and stopped at a few well known fishing spots. They managed to catch enough fish for lunch and dinner. They returned to the cabin and Scott cleaned the fish and put them in the fridge. Then he took the entails out in the boat and dropped them off on a large rock. That was just a precaution in case bears came around at night. They didn't want the dead fish smell around the cabin.

After lunch the two of them hung out on the boat dock and had a couple of beers. They also took a few dips in the lake and enjoyed the privacy. Several times Scott found himself checking out Jamie's ass encased in the tight Speedo. That evening following a fresh fish dinner they sat in the family room and enjoyed another beer.

Jamie asked if it was okay to watch another part of the movie. "If you must," Scott replied.

Jamie put the DVD in and fast forwarded to the scene he desired. Scott watched too not thinking that he might find it interesting. The scene began with two guys in bed. A very cute gay was lying on his side sleeping in a large bed. Another naked guy was also in bed and he began to stroke his cock. He was hung just like Scott.

The guy stroking his cock reached over and pushed the bed covers off the cute gay. As the covers were removed from the body a very shapely lovely ass was displayed. The guy continued to stroke his cock with one hand and then he caressed the other guy's curvy bottom. The cute gay continued to act as if he was still asleep as the other one caressed his ass and let his fingers glide along the crack.

"That guy is hung like you Scott."

"The other guy has a nice ass like yours."

Scott immediately regretted the words as soon as they left his mouth. Jamie just looked at him and smiled. They both returned to watching the movie. The hung guy was now fingering the other one's anus and apparently applying some lube to it. The cute gay continued to act like he was still sleeping even when the top began to rub his cock along the shapely ass.

"There is no way that guy would sleep through that," Scott stated.

"It's just a movie Scott, they're actors."

They continued to watch as the guy used one hand to lift one of the buttocks and with the other hand guided his cock into the anus. He gently pressed forward and the amber hole gave way and allowed the mushroom head to enter. Slowly and feeding it a little at time the top eased his impressive cock into the lovely ass. At that moment the other guy acted as if he just woke up and moaned as the cock filled his ass.

The top sucked the cute gay slowly and it was a very erotic sight to see the large cock sliding in and out of the curvy bottom. The top then wrapped his arms around the twink bottom and held him close as he fucked him. It was a good scene as it really seemed that they were making love and not just having raw gay sex. Scott was mesmerized by the action on the screen and caught up in the sex act. Jamie had pushed his shorts down and was stroking his cock as he imagined that he was the one being fucked.

Suddenly the top pressed hard into the gay and they both moaned. Slowly he withdrew his cock from between the cheeks and returned to caressing the curvy buttocks. He played with the anus and used his finger so to open the rubbery ring. Semen oozed out and trickled over the gay's buttock. The top toyed with the anus and pushed semen back in as it oozed out. He played with the bottom for a few minutes and then he stood up.

The top was still hard, something Scott could relate to, and he turned to twink bottom over on his back and pulled him to the side of the bed. He lifted the bottom's legs and pushed his cock back into the receptive ass. He fucked the cute gay rapidly as the gay jerked off. The gay came first and sprayed his abs and pubes with is cum. The top continued to fuck until he was close and then he pulled out and jerked off. 

When he ejaculated he aimed his release at the gay's anus and shot a good size load. Gobs of semen coated the gay's testicles and anus. Next the top put his cock back in the cum-covered ass pushing some of his seed with it. He continued to fuck the cute gay until his cock softened and slipped out. 

"Isn't that the hottest scene you ever watched," Jamie called out, his cock still his hand. 

"I have to agree Jamie that was very hot."

"Did you get a boner?"

"I did but I didn't jerk off like you."

Jamie smiled as he looked down at his cum-covered hand. "We don't have to do anything tonight but I want to duplicate that scene in the morning. Will you do that for me?"

"I don't know. I'll sleep on it. In fact I'm turning in right now."

They both went to bed in their separate rooms. Jamie masturbated again but Scott left his cock alone. He had trouble getting to sleep as he had to admit the movie had got him excited and he was thinking about fucking Jamie again. He tried to put the thoughts out of his mind but he struggled with it all night. He woke up several times from a dream that had him fucking a cute ass.

LIVING OUT THE FANTASY 

On Wednesday morning Scott woke up with a piss hard-on. He went to the bathroom without looking in on Jamie. He peed for over a minute relieving the pressure in his bladder but his cock remained semi-hard. He washed up and then looked in on his cousin. Jamie was sleeping in the spoon position with bed sheets barely covering his legs. His lovely curvy bottom was clearly on display. He was the exact image of the twink bottom in the movie.

As he stared at the sight before him he felt his cock swell. As continued to stare he began to stroke his cock and then he just could not resist the desirable ass that morning. Thinking back to the movie he stripped off his short and crawled in bed with his cousin. He pushed the covers all the way off and caressed the smooth buttocks. When he touched the anus he found it greased and ready to be fucked.

Jamie played out the role and continued to act as if he was still asleep. It wasn't until Scott slipped his dick in his cousin's well lubed ass that Jamie moaned softly. Scott fucked his pretty gay cousin slowly duplicating what he remembered from the movie. As he felt his release building he hugged him and pulled him close. Scott liked the feel of the smooth hairless body against his own.

Jamie felt his cousin go rigid and then he felt the surge of the ejaculation fill his rectum. Scott held him tight as Jamie's grasping and clenching sphincter milked the big dick of its discharge. Finished cumming, Scott released his hold on his smaller cousin and let the cock slip from the chamber. The load was so large that semen ran out rather than oozed form the twitching anus.

Jamie did not wait for his cousin to touch him but instead he pushed the seed in and out. Scott was still hard which was no surprise and remembering the movie, he stood up and pulled his cousin to the edge of the bed. Repeating the movie scene, he lifted Jamie's legs and shoved his cock back into his cousin's welcoming channel.
