 Part 45 - A visit with Adam

*

This is a work of fiction and contains graphic sexual depictions. If this may offend you or you cannot legally view this material in your jurisdiction please exit now.

To my readers, especially the ones who have been kind enough to send me notes:

Thank you for your continued support. I apologize for leaving you all hanging. Life can be a bitch and not the kind John so enjoys fucking. Anyway, I have always wanted to conclude John's story. So, I am once again attempting to find the time to write. I hope you find the end chapters as enjoyable as the journey you took to get here.

To any new readers who somehow stumbled upon this chapter without having read anything before it:

My stories tend to defy categorization. I put this in the gay section because it deals mostly with men enjoying men. However, there is heterosexual sex and much kink that may not be your cup of tea. It is all fantasy and there are few limits to where my mind wanders. If you are the type to be offended I may not be the writer for you.

*****

It was not easy persuading Reggie to divulge Adam's location. Somehow, I managed to convince him that the continued existence of the Brotherhood depended on me seeing Adam. I did so without breaking my vows regarding the secrets of the Protectors. His one condition was that he would go with Kyle and me on the trip. 

We took one of Adam's private planes to a remote airstrip in Nepal. From there we were taken on horseback into the foothills of the Himalayas. I felt a bit as if I had left the earth. The village where I was told Adam now resided seemed completely devoid of modern amenities. I could not imagine him living so primitively. 

"We rest here for the night," Reggie informed us. "Tomorrow they will take the three of us out to the monastery."

"Adam is living as a monk?" I asked not hiding my astonishment at the thought.

"Not exactly my boy. The monks provide refuge for a select few who need to separate themselves from society to reflect and hopefully correct their course."

I had no idea what that meant or what to ask to help me understand. 

We were served a simple meal and then led to a hut that the three of us were to share for the night. The only furnishings were mats on the floor that I took to be intended as our bedding. 

"So do you lads fancy a little slap and tickle?" Reggie teased in an emphasized accent as he unbuttoned his shirt. "Bloody hot don't you think?"

I wasn't sure if he was suggesting he was hot or speaking about the weather. I also knew he was only half teasing about the sex. His question made me realize it was going on three days since I last had sex. Preparation and the long trip had created a very unusual situation for me. The last time had been a wild good bye romp with Julia and Zack the day before our departure. Since I didn't know if Kyle had indulged with any of our brothers while I was busy that day, I figured it may have been even longer for him. 

"I didn't mean to strike you dumb, boys. I hope I haven't gotten too old for you fellows." Reggie said after a couple of minutes of silence.

I thought sex sounded like a good idea; nothing like a little erotic pleasure to distract the mind.

"Of course not, sir," Kyle who didn't know Reggie as well as I, said.

"If we are going to be sucking one another's cocks, I think you can drop the sir and call me Reggie," Adam's old pal said in jolly manner. 

"Damn, you're becoming a randy old fart," I joked as I pulled off my shirt.

"And you as always look good enough to lick," Reggie shot back. "Can I help you out of those trousers?"

Without waiting for an answer Reggie came over and began opening my belt. A few seconds later my pants fell to the bare floor of the hut. The older Brit unceremoniously reached into my underwear and began bringing my cock to life. As Reggie played with my cock I opened his pants and exposed his still vital tool. 

"What you waiting for, babe?" I asked Kyle as Reggie and I struggled to free our feet of the tangled mess of cloth.

Kyle quickly stripped off his clothes and moved toward us.

"Damn, lad, do you have a license for that bloody, whooper of a cock?" Reggie asked clearly pleased by the prospect of enjoying such a huge piece of manhood.

Kyle actually looked embarrassed over the very proper British gentleman's open admiration for his equipment.

"Sorry, John, but I got to get that right sweet pecker in me mouth," Reggie said as he got on his knees in front of Kyle. 

I watched with bemusement Kyle's expression go from stunned to enrapture as Reggie worked his oral magic on that twelve inch hog.

"I hope you know how to properly shag a ripe old arse with your magnificent cock," Reggie said before stretching his lips around Kyle's impressive girth. 

I moved behind Kyle, kissed his neck as I rubbed my cock on his backside and suggested a Kyle sandwich. 

"Are you sure your tiny arse hole can take his man-sized meat?" I teased Reggie in the best British accent I could summon.

"I'd say it was more horse-sized and I know that I want to try. This beauty has me gobsmacked and there is no way I would pass up the chance," Reggie declared.

"Well then get us both ready and we will see if we can make your dreams come true," I said as I moved to Kyle's side.

I lubed up Kyle's ass hole as he lubed Reggie. We decided that the only way we could manage a triple fuck in the furniture-less room was lying on our sides. I had no problem getting my cock deep into Kyle. I had my doubts about Reggie's ass accommodating Kyle's cock as the old Brit moved into position He raised his leg up, fully exposing his hole. Kyle guided his cock to the target. I pushed from behind as Reggie attempted to impale himself on Kyle's fuck pole. I was surprised not to hear our British peer cry out in pain as Kyle's cock stretched his tight opening. The only sounds Reggie made were deep primal grunts as my friend's huge cock slowly filled his ass. 

"Jesus, are you really all the way inside him!" I exclaimed in disbelief when I realized that Kyle was ball deep in Sir Reginald's ass.

"He is!" Reggie declared joyously. "I am jolly well filled. Now start pumping lad."

Kyle held tightly to Reggie keeping himself fully inside the Brit's well stretched rectum. I gripped Kyle's hips and began pumping him hard. I could tell from Reggie's moans that my fucking Kyle was causing Kyle's cock to grind into the older man's prostate. It wasn't long before Reggie declared the imminence of his orgasm. Without any concern for who might be in earshot, Reggie cried out as his climax took hold. Almost immediately I felt Kyle's body shudder and knew that he was filling Reggie's innards with a load of thick cream. I continued pumping my cock into Kyle's body for another minute before unleashing a torrent of pent up semen. 

The three of us remained there, locked together for several minutes. When we finally regained somewhat normal breathing, we separated and simply said goodnight to each other. We slept there, naked, in a kind of three way spoon arrangement. The monk who woke us in the morning did not comment on the scene he discovered nor did he seem at all embarrassed or disturbed.

He had brought us a bucket of ice cold water to wash with and bowls of what can only be called gruel for breakfast. An hour later we were led to an almost invisible path. A monk we had not met before silently led us on a three hour journey through a desolate mountain landscape. He left us outside a large primitive looking structure that appeared as if it might fall off the mountain at any moment. As we were not given any instructions, Kyle and I turned to our older companion for guidance.

"We wait," Reggie said softly as if it was an everyday occurrence to be cooling one's heals on the slopes of a Himalayan mountain. 

I guessed that it was about a half hour before a small door slowly opened. A very old man who could not have been over five feet tall stood and stared at us. He was hunched over, clearly unable to fully straighten his back. His linen robe hung loosely on his gaunt frame. Wisps of thin white hair still clung bravely to his nearly bald head. His long white scraggly beard reached to the middle of his chest. His eyes were dark and piercing and seemed out of place on his worn and wrinkled face. Had one seen nothing but those eyes he might have thought they were the eyes of twenty year old. But all other evidence indicated that the man had seen perhaps a hundred or more summers. 

I wanted to speak but was certain that would be the wrong thing to do. Reggie had warned us that the monks might send us away at any moment. I could not let that happen before I saw Adam. The old man did not blink or utter a sound as he gazed upon us. I don't think he as much as twitched. I could not say the same for myself or my companions. Finally, he silently beckoned us to enter. As we followed him into the building the floor creaked under our feet. The wood felt mushy and I feared that it might collapse. 

At the end of a long corridor he indicated a room. We entered and he disappeared. A moment later, an unseen door on the opposite side of the room opened. A young man who I took to be no more than twenty entered. He was naked and devoid of hair from head to toe. He was castrated. His uncircumcised cock, which was no bigger than my thumb, hung limply looking useless. I could not help but stare at him.

"I apologize if my appearance is offensive to our honored visitors," He said contritely. "We are taught to askew modesty. I have just recently pledged my service to the order and have not yet proven myself worthy of robes."

I realized from his English that he could not be from the area. 

He looked right at me and said, "If you have a question for me, feel free to ask it, Sir."

"Pardon my curiosity, but you seem out of place here. How did you come to pledge yourself to this life?" I asked.

I could see the disappointment on Reggie's face, but the young man did not seem bothered by the question.

"You are correct; I am a westerner like you. My mother is American and my father was from some Asian country. I never knew him and my mother would not speak of him. I was not doing well in life. I succumbed to drug addiction in my teens. I was saved by a group who is affiliated with this order," He explained.

"They sent you here?" I asked.

"No, they helped me recover. I asked to come here so that I could devote my life to the spiritual. Had I tried to return to my previous world I know that I would have soon given into temptation. Here there are none."

"Did they cut off your balls?" Kyle blurted out.

"That too was my choice. Most of the men here remain fully intact. It was another temptation I felt I needed to eliminate. I might well have raped village women or even fornicated with beasts were I still able," He confessed without the slightest hint of regret. 

"Will you be taking us to see Adam?" Reggie asked finally breaking his silence.

"I will be taking only the one called John," He stated in a way that clearly did not allow for argument. 

We passed through the door he had entered leaving Kyle and Reggie in the room.

"John, I am Adam's caretaker and must tell you that your visit concerns me greatly," He said after the door to the room closed behind us.

"Adam and I are dear friends. My visit could not possibly be bad for Adam," I insisted.

"You were far more than friends. Your relationship is part of the reason that he is here. A large part I believe."

"We love each other. He is dearer to me than my life. I would never..."

"Stop, I am not suggesting that you did him any harm or even carry any blame. His demons are to blame as my demons are to blame for my misfortune. But I fear seeing you will ignite needs in him. Needs that can no longer be accommodated."

"Wait, now I get it. You let him fuck you. The monks made you a eunuch to be used to satisfy carnal needs?" I accused in a tone dripping vitriol. 

"John, nothing as crude as you suggest happens inside these walls. What I may or may not have done for Adam is between us and for him alone to share or not. As for the members of the order, they have done nothing to me. Those that have not disavowed the carnal may have wives or lovers of their choosing. Everything here is done freely and without coercion," He insisted.

I felt bad to have accused him, but I was filled with anger. The idea that Adam had had sex with the ball-less young man who was devoid of emotion made me ill.

"I am sorry, my emotions took over. Please, may I see him? It is more important than you can imagine that I speak with him," I said trying to sound as cool as he did.

"I do not have the power to deny the meeting. I only spoke because I believe that you care for him and would want to do what is best."

"I told you that I care for him beyond measure. But there are things in this world which require sacrifice. I have no choice, I must speak with Adam," I explained in an earnest and sad tone.

"It must be a truly grave matter for you to put it above him," He said and then fell silent.

He opened a door and ushered me into a windowless room and disappeared. I was alone with Adam. My mentor and lover sat on the floor in the corner, cross legged, head bowed. He looked twenty years older then when I last saw him months earlier. Adam wore the same nondescript robe as the old monk that greeted us outside. 

Adam looked up when I spoke his name. His face was drawn and his once expressive eyes were all but lifeless. I felt tears rolling down my cheeks.

"Don't mourn for me, John. I have been saved here. Soon all of the evil will finally be driven from my soul," He said softly and smiled.

"Then you will be coming home soon?" I asked hopefully.

"I am home, my love," He stated confidently. "I do not intend to leave this room until I have taken my final breath.

I knew that he was dying and I could not hide the pain that realization caused me.

"John, I will remain with you always, in your heart as the memory of our time together will take me happily to my last day and beyond," He assured me. "Now come, sit with me and tell me what has happened that you would travel so far and trouble so many to see me."

"Adam, I am truly sorry to have come to you like this," I said honestly as I sat down on the mat in front of him.

"Apologies have no meaning here John. Intent is the only thing that truly matters. Tell me what troubles you," He said insistently.

"The protectors," I sighed barely above a whisper.

"Perhaps there is one apology that would have meaning here. I am sorry for not being able to better explain the burden I placed you under. But the truth is that I believed the only way you could find the right course was to learn the society's secrets as those who came before you had, by discovery alone. What can I do to help you?"

I told him everything that had occurred in regards to the protectors.

"I had hoped things would not come to a head so quickly. As you have learned Tomas is evil and a threat to the Brotherhood, but he has great power and to oppose him requires a carefully thought out plan. I am glad that you found a way to bring Kyle into the Society to help. August was a good man; I shall mourn him deeply in the coming days."

"It is odd, I knew him but a few hours and yet felt great sorrow when he died," I confessed.

"Perhaps you were mourning more than just the man," Adam suggested. "Before I get into more specifics you need to know that you can trust Colin. He knows all of the Society's secrets and can be of great help to you. I talked with him many times about Tomas and the grave danger facing the Brotherhood."

"But if Tomas controls half the Society's votes and the fourth is too timid to oppose him, how can Kyle and I resist? Even if we could convince Jerry to support us, that would only create a tie and expose us. Besides, I am certain that Tomas is plotting to get Kyle out of the Society anyway."

"I am sure that he is and one choice would be for the two of you to walk away. You could move to the island and live out your days as I once thought I would, in total happiness. The truth is that the Brotherhood will continue to thrive under Tomas's control."

"Then you would be ok if the Brotherhood continued to be a breeding ground for whores and a source of profit for a few greedy peers?" I asked knowing the answer.

"It would sadden me, but I am not the one who would have to live with the outcome. The choices and the sacrifices are yours to make."

"Then tell me how to defeat him!" I demanded.

"The easiest thing would be to wait him out. You and Kyle could simply pretend to support him until nature took care of him. You're much younger than he and his protégées. In the future you will be the leader."

"That could easily take thirty or more years! I can not stand by and watch him mistreat my brothers. There must be a way to undo the damage done by the second generation of AOK brothers, retain the fun part and eliminate the cruel usury of unwitting young men."

"There is," Adam said sounding truly sad.

"How? Please tell me what I must do?"

"I think you know what you must do if you really want to save the Brotherhood. But, that is not the only option. Perhaps it is time the AOK came to an end?"

"So you think that we should expose the secrets and destroy the AOK?" I asked refusing to believe that was his advice.

"I can only give you the options. You must choose the correct path for yourself. But exposing the secrets is fraught with danger. Tomas will not allow the ship to go down without a fight. He is capable of the most heinous of acts. "

Adam had confirmed what Colin told us about our lives being in danger. 

I shook my head and muttered, "I can not kill him."

"We can do many things we do not believe we are capable of doing. John, it is time for you to go. Take these pages and find a private place to read them with Kyle. It is all the help that I can offer. Destroy them before you leave the mountain. This envelop is to be delivered to my lawyer. He already knows my wishes. All that was mine is yours. Take care of the island and our people. Tend to the charities. What you do with the businesses is your decision, but were I you, I would sell it all."

He leaned forward as he handed me the papers. Then he kissed my lips softly. When he leaned back, his eyes were shut and I knew that there was no hope of ever hearing him speak again. I touched his face before getting up to leave. I was no more certain of my path as I went to find my companions than I had been when we walked up the mountain that morning. As I did not have an escort this time, I had some trouble finding my way. But eventually I stumbled upon Reggie and Kyle sitting on bench in a small serene feeling courtyard. They looked up from what appeared to be meditation as I approached.

"Ah good you have finally finished," Reggie said in an odd way. "The two of you will have to find your way back down to our lodgings on your own. Adam has asked to see me alone."

Though I was puzzled about why Adam needed to see Reggie without me, I was happy to have the chance to be alone with Kyle. I needed to share Adam's advice with him and still felt bound to keep Reggie in the dark about the protectors. 

"I don't think it will be a problem for us to find our way back down. But why won't there be a guide accompanying us?" I asked feeling unsure about wandering around the supposedly sacred mountain alone.

"They are just now starting their daily contemplative period. If you want a guide you will have to wait a few hours," Reggie explained.

"Ok, well I guess we will see you down there later," I said not really sure I would ever see Reggie again.

"Yes, I will be along," He said before disappearing into the building.
