 AUTHOR'S NOTE: I had not intended to write a series or a sequel to this story at the time that I submitted it. However based on the comments that I received encouraging me to continue this story, I have decided to write another chapter. If that is well received then I will continue with these characters. Thank you for the positive feedback.

THEIR GAY LIFE CONTINUES

Even after they returned from the cabin the two teens sought each other out to have sex. Monica would be home that weekend and Scott knew that he would have to cool it with Jamie once they resumed dating. Each weekday morning Scott would go to Jamie's house as soon as the parents left for work. They had fucked and sucked each other each day until they just could not cum anymore. 

That Thursday morning Jamie's parents left for work and Scott arrived shortly afterward. He was ready to fuck Jamie and he told him to get naked to on all fours. Scott got the lotion from the bathroom and greased up his cock. He also greased up Jamie's asshole and he marveled at the shapely ass. Jamie looked good on all fours as he waited for the big cock to penetrate his ass. Scott took his time lubricating his cousin's ass and he liked the submissive posture presented. Jamie had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. His ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Jamie knew that he looked perfect and presented exactly the image that Scott could not resist.

Scott moved close and slowly eased his cock into the fabulous ass. Jamie groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept the thick cock. Once the spongy head passed the sphincter, Scott fucked him slowly until Jamie's ass opened up and was once again accepted the big thick cock. Scott then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the effeminate cousin. Jamie's cute ass would jiggle each time Scott thrust into it and he loved the effect. Scott was incredibly horny that morning and he felt his orgasm building quickly. He knew that he would dump a good sized load in the lovely ass. Jamie felt the body stiffen and make one final thrust as Scott buried his cock in him. Jamie felt cum surge into him and he felt the cock throb with each stream. Jamie remembered the last time he felt that much cum in his ass and it was when Scott was really worked up.

The sphincter muscle involuntarily clenched and unclenched as it massaged the spurting cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Scott kept pressed against his lover and let his cock be milked dry. Jamie couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Scott followed him down and lay on top of Jamie with his cock still buried in Jamie's ass. He pushed up on his elbows so as to not crush his cousin. Eventually he rolled to the side and his still erect cock slipped from the dilated asshole.

Jamie remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he slowly recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Scott looked over at the sweet ass and he could see cum oozing from it. He caressed Jamie's curvy smooth ass and then he played with his anus. He pushed his finger into the cum-filled hole as he had done several times before. Jamie wiggled his ass in response as Scott played with him.

Jamie then pushed himself up on all his knees giving his cousin better access. It was then that Scott noticed that cum on the bed. He could see the wet spots on the sheets and he knew it was from Jamie's ejaculation. Scott felt his desire mount again so he moved back behind Jamie. He eased his cock back into his cousin's ass for a second time knowing he would last longer this time since he had already cum. Scott fucked him for what seemed like an hour until he finally came again. 

"You sure had a lot of cum built up," Jamie cooed.

"I love fucking your ass," Scott told him.

"Jamie would you give me a massage?" 

"With pleasure."

Jamie retrieved the body lotion and then straddled Scott's body. Jamie sat on Scott's legs just below the buttocks and rested his soft cock in the crack of Scott's ass. Jamie poured the lotion on Scott's back and shoulders and then began to massage his muscular body. After several minutes of massaging the upper body he turned his attention to Scott's ass. Jamie massaged each of the buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. He felt his cock begin to harden again and within a few minutes of rubbing Scott's ass Jamie was erect again. The hard cock was nestled in the crack of Scott's ass and he slid his cock within the fold of the buttocks.

"Are you going to fuck me today?"

"You know I am. You got me hard so I will fuck your hot ass this morning," Jamie rasped excitedly.

Jamie smoothed the body lotion all over his cock and then he poured some of it in the crack of Scott's ass. He then fingered the anus making sure that it was well lubed. Satisfied that Scott was sufficiently lubricated, Jamie eased his cock into his cousin's hot ass for the first time that day. Scott pushed his buns up to meet the penetration and the cock slid in easily. Scott groaned as the shaft filled his anal passage. Jamie fucked him for what seemed to be almost an hour before he finally came in Scott's ass and then he collapsed on top of him. The two of them remained in the same position for several minutes before they separated. Jamie rolled off of Scott and lay on his back.

Minutes later Jamie got out of bed and went in the bathroom to pee and take a shower. He was letting the warm water cascade over his body when Scott joined him in the shower.

"Got room for me?"

"Plenty of room."

The two of them then began to wash each other as they had done many times before. Scott washed Jamie's body and paid particular attention to his ass. Scott stood behind Jamie and cupped the inviting buttocks in his hands as he soaped up the irresistible ass. He fingered the anus and soaped up his own cock. Jamie leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the shower wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed back toward his cousin. Once again Scott eased his cock into the soapy asshole as he held onto his cousin's hips.

Jamie groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Scott fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. They fucked until the water started to get cold and decided to get out and dry off. Neither of them had cum again but there was time for that.

As they dried off, Jamie noticed that Scott's cock was still hard. "Does that thing ever go soft?"

"Not as long as there is a hot ass like yours to fuck."

"Come on, let's skip the clothes and eat breakfast naked," Jamie suggested and then added, "We'll have some more fun after we eat." 

The two boys went downstairs naked and made breakfast for themselves. Then they sat close to each other as they drank coffee. They both got hard again and then they played with each other's cock. Jamie couldn't stand it any longer so he dropped to his knees between Scott's legs and took Scott's big cock in his mouth. He jerked on his own cock as he sucked on Scott's.

"Come on Scott, let's go back to bed and we can suck each other."

The two cousins then returned to Jamie's room where they got into a 69 position. It took them quite a while to cum again but they didn't care as they loved sucking each other's cock. They stroked each other's legs, abs, asses and balls as they deep throated one another. They went at it for over an hour and then they both managed to cum again. They came in each other's mouth and continued to suck each other's cock until they both went soft. The two cousins then turned their bodies to face each other and embraced. They cuddled, kissed and petted for quite some time before they finally got out of bed. They dressed and sat in the family room.

"I'm not coming over tomorrow. I need to rest up for my date with Monica Saturday night."

"I'll miss you."

"Hey we had fun and maybe we can still hook up sometime but I need to get some pussy too. I do miss her."

"Well good luck with that. Remember I told you about the pool party next Tuesday at Jerry's place."

"I don't think that I'll do that besides Monica and I will be spending a lot of time together before we had to college."

"If you change your mind, let me know. You would like these guys. They're effeminate like me with cute asses."

"I doubt that I'll ever find another ass that can stand up to yours."

"I heard a car. My mom is home. Let me know about next week and how things go with Monica."

"Okay, I'll be in touch."

Scott left the house just as Claudia was entering. They greeted each other and then Scott was on his way home. He would cool his jets on Friday and he was looking forward to seeing his girlfriend. Jamie was secretly hoping that Scott would still have time for him too.

BAD NEWS – MAYBE, MAYBE NOT

Scott got home Thursday after a wonderful day of sex with Jamie. His mother told him the Mrs. Moore had called and he guessed it was about Monica. He called right back hoping that Monica had come home a day early. He was shocked when Monica's mother told him that she decided to stay in Germany. She had met a couple and was moving in with them. That's all Mrs. Moore would say except that she and her husband were very upset.

He hung up the phone and sat quietly for several minutes. What the hell happened? Why was she staying in Germany? Who were the couple and why did she move in with them? Unanswered questions flew through his mind. He could only assume that Monica got hooked up with a very sex couple who must have pleasured her beyond expectations. He was sure that if was about sex that the couple was enjoying Monica's body immensely.

It was still another four weeks before college started and he had hoped to share the time with his girlfriend. Now that plan was shot to hell. He hadn't really been seeing any other girls since going steady with Monica and he really didn't feel like getting something started before he returned to college. If he needed sex he still had Jamie and they got along so well and enjoyed each other. He decided he could wait until he was back in school to start dating girls again. Scott then called Jamie to let him know about Monica.

"Sorry about that, do you want to talk about it."

"No I'm okay; I just wanted you to know what happened."

"Come on over for breakfast after my folks leave and we can hang out again."

"I'll see how I feel in the morning. I'll let you know. I'm a little bummed right now."

"Okay, hope to see you tomorrow."

Scott hung up the phone and got a beer out of the fridge and sat on the front porch. As he thought about Monica and the disappointment, he also thought about Jamie. He was pleased that they had become lovers and now it really helped. He decided that he would go and visit Jamie again on Friday. He finished his beer, ate dinner with his parents and turned in early.

He slept in on Friday and his folks were gone when he woke up. He called Jamie and told him that he was on his way over and Jamie was thrilled. He arrived at the house at 10:30 AM and Jamie greeted him and invited him into the family room. 

"I have this very hot video and I want you to watch it with me. It will get us in the mood and then we can have some fun," Jamie said as he pushed the play button on the remote.

"I don't need to watch porn to get in the mood for you."

"Just relax and enjoy the movie. It'll help get your mind off of Monica. We have all afternoon." 

Scott looked at the big screen TV as the movie began to play. "This first scene is my favorite. The others are hot too but this one is really hot."

Scott watched the first scene and he was surprised to see a subway car full of Japanese girls. "Jamie, there are only girls in this movie. I may enjoy this after all."

"Just wait it's a subway car in Tokyo. It gets really interesting."

Scott watched the movie with interest but he was still surprised at the women in the movie as he would have thought that Jamie would be watching a gay movie. There was a very pretty Japanese woman dressed in a business like black suit with a very short mini skirt. The woman was young and she had very nice legs. Her skirt was so short that it barely covered her ass. Then a younger looking girl dressed in a school uniform reached out and ran her hand under the business woman's skirt. The student fondled the business woman's ass through the panty hose and the business woman pushed the hand away and pulled her skirt down.

The young woman dressed like a school girl was really cute. She was foot shorter than the business woman. She wore a white blouse with a red plaid tie; a solid blue pleated skirt that was cut above her knees and white knee high socks. The school girl was then back at the business woman who looked frightened on the subway. No one was paying any attention to the two of them. The business woman then moaned as the school girl played with the business woman's ass and then she said something to the school girl. Subscripts appeared on the screen, "I am not what you think I am."

The school girl then raised her skirt and showed the business woman that she had an erection in her blue panties. The school girl pressed the stiff pecker against the business woman's thigh. The business woman moaned again and this time rubbed her own crotch. Scott now caught on and he realized that the two Japanese women had cocks and they were pretty boys.

The pretty boy dressed like a business person was now rubbing his crotch and there was a slight bulge in it. The pretty school boy lifted the skirt of the business person and pulled the panty hose down so that the head of his cock peeked out. The school boy then began to rub the cock head and pre-cum smeared his fingers. Then the school boy raised his skirt and lowered his panties just below his balls so that his erect cock stood out. Next the two pretty boys jerked each other off on the subway. All the people seated on the subway seemed oblivious to the action that is until cum started flying.

Both the pretty boys came in buckets and their semen flew across the subway car. The other people yelled at them and they got off at the next stop. The scene then shifted to the subway station bathroom where both pretty boys began kissing and feeling each other up. Soon their blouses were open and their bras were undone so that their tits were displayed. Both pretty boys had nice tits but the business person had larger tits than the school boy. Their skirts were removed and the school boy had his pretty blue panties down around his knees with his erect 6"cock standing out. The business person had his pantyhose pulled down to his knees and he too had an erection about the same size.

The school boy then started fucking the business person and eventually came all over his ass. The business person jerked off an ejaculated on the school boys thighs. The two of them were stroking their cocks when two men dressed like police walked in the bathroom. Things moved quickly and the two pretty boys were stripped naked and bent over holding onto the bathroom sinks. The two policemen dropped their pants and underwear and fucked the two pretty boys. The policemen pulled out of the pretty asses before they came and they shot their loads all over the pretty boy's buttocks. Then the policemen pulled up their pants and left the bathroom. The camera zoomed in on the shapely cum covered asses as the scene ended.

Scott was rock hard and he was dying to fuck Jamie. "So what did you think?" Jamie asked.

"You were right it was hot. I need to get off soon. What do you call those actors? They were really hot especially since they had tits."

"They refer to them as lady boys or trannies for transsexuals. I like lady boys better. Sometimes there are just gays dressing up like women but these two were passing themselves off as girls. 

Jamie smiled and reached for Scott's pants. He removed the pants and underwear and lowered his mouth to Scott's cock to suck him off. It took only a few minutes before Scott ejaculated into his cousin's mouth. Jamie sucked his cock dry and Scott groaned loudly. "There that should hold you for a while. Let's watch the rest of the movie and then we will go to bed," Jamie promised as he curled up next to his loving cousin. Scott put his arm around Jamie and let his hand sneak inside the shorts. He fondled Jamie's pecs and played with his cock as they watched the movie.

Scott turned his attention back to the screen and watched as the next scene appeared. This one had a pretty boy wearing a mini skirt buying shoes. The shoe salesman kept looking up the pretty boy's skirt as he was fitting him with shoes. Soon the salesman had his hands under the skirt and he discovered that his customer was a pretty boy. The next thing was that the salesman took the customer in the back room where he bent the pretty boy over a chair. The salesman lifted the pretty boy's skirt over his back and pulled the pantyhose hose down to his knees. Then the salesman dropped his own pants and freed a very impressive cock that had to be at least 8" long. The salesman fucked the customer until he ejaculated on the customer's buttocks. He actually aimed his cock at the pretty boy's anus and fired several rounds hitting the target and coating the customer's ass. Then the salesman put his cock back in the customer's ass as the pretty boy jerked off and shot his massive load onto the floor. The two of them got dressed and the next sequence was the customer paying for his shoes.

"That guy is almost as hung as you."

"There are some pretty gays with nice asses in this movie but none as nice as yours." 

The third scene was in an office setting with a boss and a secretary. The secretary turned out to be a pretty boy and within minutes he was bent over the desk with his skirt thrown over his back and his hose down around his knees. The boss stuck a good size cock in the pretty boy's ass and began fucking him. While he was getting fucked, the pretty boy answered the telephone and told the caller what was going on. Within minutes after hanging up the phone, another man entered the office. He walked over to the pretty boy and dropped his pants offering his cock to the secretary who immediately took it in his mouth. The two men worked the pretty boy at both ends. The camera panned out and when the scene returned the three of them were naked. The secretary was indeed a pretty boy with nice legs, nice tits and a curvy ass. The two men took turns fucking the pretty boy and they both came twice before the scene was over. The pretty boy had also jerked off twice and shot his load onto the desk.

That was enough for Scott who was now dying to get at Jamie's ass and Jamie agreed. The two of them made their way into the bedroom. They dropped the remaining clothes and Jamie got on the bed on all fours. He teasingly looked over his shoulder as he arched his back to accentuate his curvy ass. Scott was hard and ready to fuck Jamie but Jamie had a request.

"Scott, lick my anus and rim me like you would for Monica. I am clean there. I douched my ass for you before you got here."

Scott hesitated briefly but then he got right behind Jamie and began tonguing the sweet ass. He ran his hands all over the smooth skin and caressed the curvy mounds as he darted his tongue in and out of the taut anus. Jamie moaned and groaned as Scott worked his now experienced tongue around the anus. Jamie stroked his 6" stiff pecker as Scott rimmed him and then he announced that he was cumming. Scott grabbed his cousin's hips and buried his face in the cheeks of the curvy ass causing him to ejaculate on his bed. Jamie collapsed face down on his bed, his body covering the pool of semen on the bed sheet. 

Scott quickly moved behind Jamie, lubricated his cock and slipped it into the hot ass. Jamie grunted when the cock filled his ass and Scott sank all the way in. He drilled Jamie from above as he was overcome with desire and the need to cum again. He thrust into Jamie and rotated his hips as if he was trying to go deeper each time. Jamie was pinned to the bed and he thought about that one time at the cabin when Scott had fucked him this way. He had held Jamie down pinned to the bed for hours and came in his ass three times without removing his cock. Jamie had never been fucked so hard and deep as he was that day and now Scott was duplicating the act.
