 Author's note: so that no one accidental reads any of these chapters that is offended by gay sex, I am now listing all of them under Gay Male stories. For those of you who don't know my work, these stories have gay, straight and bi scenes and deal with various sexual fetishes. 



Two days after we retuned home the continuing council members met in private session. It was the beginning of my induction as president. It felt odd being in the antechamber with only three of my brothers. Joe, Aaron and Calvin had graduated. Joe was staying for graduate school the others were far away. Happily all three would be there in a few days along with Adam and many of the peers for my actual induction. Even the newly elected council members were excluded from the first part of the induction ritual. Terry, Dan, Craig and I stood in the room, naked and recited the council pledge. After that Dan, Craig and I formed a line. Terry who was going to be my vice president and was in charge of this first ceremony stood in front of us. 

"Today we begin the process of elevating our beloved brother John to the most esteemed of places. As president of the brotherhood he will be leader and protector of the active members and first of us to become a peer," He recited from a script he had memorized.

He stepped forward and kissed me softly on the lips and then went off script.

"John, my friend, I have known for some time this day was coming. I am thrilled to be the one to begin the process. I as all here do, love you deeply. Together we mourned your absence after the accident. Since your return we shared our deepest and most intimate secrets with you. The four of us are bound in ways few can be bound. Dan, Craig and I discussed this day at length over the summer. We decided to break slightly with tradition and each of us speak to you of our love for you. We do what we do today to honor the brotherhood and those that came before. I want you to know that our love for you is as great as my love for those traditions."

Craig leaned over and kissed my cheek.

"I owe you a great debt. You helped me to truly know myself. We have shared much pleasure and I will love you until my seeds are dried up."

I was fighting tears by that point. I couldn't believe he remembered me fucking him hard late into the night while that Cream album blasted on the stereo. Dan was next. He too kissed me on the cheek.

"John, while we perhaps have not shared as many private moments as you have with Craig and Terry, we have shared much. We too are bound together in ways few men in this world can understand. There is our bond of brotherhood and that of council membership. Some day we shall be peers, but that all pales when I think of the closeness we have had in this room. The four of us share a bond and love that is incalculable."

"Wow," I said as I wiped away a tear. "I am touched and am blessed to have such friends. I love each of you and agree that nothing can break our special bond."

The three of them stepped back and formed a line facing me. The personal aside was at an end. Their smiles disappeared. Terry returned to the script.

"The peers, fellow council and brothers of the AOK have deemed you worthy of the loftiest of posts. We have no doubt of your qualifications. However, those that came before us saw fit to require final tests before a member is placed in so high a position. Your leadership and knowledge of the brotherhood is well proven and unquestioned. You have always shown loyalty to the brotherhood and your brothers. Once you were tested on your ability to serve and your humility. As a pledge you were required to do things that for a leader are out of character. Today and tomorrow you will again be asked to prove your ability to be deferential. For a leader to be great he must always know what it is to be in the shoes of those he leads. With power comes responsibility. Are you ready now to follow our great tradition and submit fully to the ideals of the brotherhood?"

"I am and always will be," I said reciting the words exactly as every president before me save the first had done.

Following ceremony I dropped to my knees and bowed my head. Terry stepped forward and grabbed my hair in back. As my face came up he stepped closer and began to rub his limp cock on my face. He pulled my head forward grinding my face into his crotch. The other two came over and began rubbing there cocks on the side of my head. I felt their cocks slowly inflating. Excitement gripped me. I began moaning softly. They all pulled back and Terry slapped me.

"You must control yourself!" He demanded. "You are restricted."

I knew that part of the test would be my ability to forgo orgasm. I also knew that Terry was trying to help me with the slap. But my stinging cheek had no effect on my erection. 

"Get on your back!" He ordered.  

I laid flat on the plush carpeting. Terry squatted over my face dangling his balls above my mouth. He went lower until his nuts lay on my lips and ordered me to open my mouth. I opened my mouth wide and his sack slipped between my lips. I was ordered to bath his testicles with my tongue. As I began licking his sack I felt fingers on my cock. With Terry's ass shielding my eyes I couldn't see who was tickling my cock. I fought to ignore the sensations flowing along my penis while concentrating on giving Terry the best ball licking of his life. Next thing I knew someone was sucking my cock while hands caressed my thighs. 

Terry slid forward pulling his balls from my mouth. I knew what was next, but waited for orders. I had to suspend free will. My actions were not my own; I was not allowed to make any decisions. I closed my eyes and tried to think of something non-sexual as I felt my cock head enter one of my friends' throats. As I followed the order to rim Terry, a finger was pushed into my ass. My fellow council members were very good at sexual torture. Together we had made many pledges fail in their attempts to control orgasm. I knew that I would eventually fail also. Since some parts of the ritual had been kept secret from me I wondered what punishment I would receive when I came. 

I concentrated on giving Terry pleasure in a hopeless attempt to block out the pleasure I was being given. After a few more minutes he rose up a bit and turned around. Whoever was sucking my cock stopped. But I still had a finger deep inside me teasing my prostate. Craig came around behind and shoved pillows under my head as Terry lifted me up. Terry guided his cock to my lips. I opened my mouth wide to allow him easy access. He held onto my head as he fucked my face. Craig returned to sucking my cock. As hard as I tried I couldn't put the pleasure I was feeling aside. Thankfully, Dan took his finger out of my ass after a few more minutes. 

Terry pushed his cock deep into my throat. My nose was pressed into his soft blond pubs. His balls were laying on my chin. I struggled to breathe through my nose and relax my throat. At the same time I felt my cock throbbing in Craig's throat. Now that I knew which one was sucking my cock, a picture of my submissive friend deep throating me filled my mind. The finger was back in my ass. Only this time it was lubing and stretching my hole. I was aware that they were all going to fuck me that afternoon. I didn't know that I would be so close to orgasm when it started. 

I wanted to maintain control. I wanted to have all of their seed in my innards before I failed. I thought back to when I first learned that some tasks were impossible. Terry pulled his dick out of my mouth and Craig stopped sucking me. I lay there panting, wondering how long it would be before I failed as my lessons had taught me that I surely would. They rolled me over onto my stomach. My legs were pushed under me causing my ass to lift up into the air. Strong hands pulled apart my buttocks. More lubed fingers entered my rectum. Fingers were stretching my anal rim. I was being prepared for a gang fuck by three of my closest friends. I hadn't felt that helpless since my induction as a council member. 

Fingers were removed. A plug was inserted into my anus. Someone pulled my torso up so that I was on my hands and knees. Fabric was tied around my head to blindfold me. Someone yanked on the back of the blindfold causing my head to snap back. Someone else started squeezing my balls. Suddenly, my ass stung. I recognized an old sensation. I was being struck by a wooden paddle. Pleasure and pain morphed into an odd hazy kind of feeling. The paddle stopped and someone moved underneath me. A tight band was put on my dick. The hand on my balls gave one last squeeze. Someone shoved their cock into my mouth.

The person holding the back of the blindfold pulled like it was a horse's reins. I forced my self to hold my mouth open so I wouldn't bite the cock that was fucking my mouth. The plug was pulled from my ass. Fingers dug into my hips as the first of the trio mounted me. He fucked me hard and deep without any hesitation. I was so well prepared that I may as well have had a pussy in my back side. I felt like I was cumming but knew nothing was passing through my constricted urethra. Pleasure was becoming torturous. The cock in my mouth was withdrawn and quickly replaced by another. I heard Terry cry out and felt his warm seed shot into my bowels. My body was shaking. I was desperate for release. I no longer tried to hold back. In my mind I had already failed to control nature. It was only the tight band on my cock that kept me from ejaculating. 

As soon as Terry's spent cock was pulled from my ass another was shoved into me. Another friend was riding my ass hard. This one slapped my hip as he fucked me like he was busting a wild bronco. I felt weak and wanted to fall to the floor. I fought my shaky arms willing them to hold fast. I could hear my assailants balls slap my ass and his cock slosh around in my cum filled rectum. I was an easy fuck at that point. I was lose, wide open and lubed up with Terry's cum. Craig yelled my name as he added his cum to Terry's. Dan pulled his cock out of my mouth as Craig wiped his clean on my ass. 

Dan shoved his dick into my body. I tried to find voice to beg them to let me have relief. I got a ball gag in my mouth before I could form a whole sentence. Dan relentlessly drove his cock into my ass. He seemed to have a perfect aim on my prostate. Suddenly my cock was free. When I came the sensation was as much pain as pleasure. I felt so relieved it was in a way more like I was pissing than cumming. I don't know how much longer Dan fucked me after that. At some point I blacked out. They were all sitting in their chairs when I awoke face down in a dried puddle of my own cum; no longer gagged and blindfolded. I rolled over and looked up at my friends.

"Is that all you got," I said sarcastically.

"He has too much fight left in him, brother," Dan said to Terry.

Craig looked like he wanted to change places with me.

"John, do not challenge us. The chronicles offer ways to answer challenges that I do not wish to invoke," Terry said as he came to his feet.

I knew he was referring to the parts of the chronicles that so far he was the only one in the room to have read. I decided that I would rather read about the ways than experience them so I remained silent as he moved toward me.

"Get on your back!" He demanded.

It took everything I had to continue to play the submissive role proscribed for me. I wondered if all AOK presidents had been naturally dominant and had fought with their true self to survive this very test. I rolled onto my back and lay still as he moved to stand over me. He put one foot on each side of my torso and looked down at me.

"You have failed to control your body even with our help. The chronicles tell us that all that came before you also failed. They also tell us that success would have been the worse failure. You have been given a lesson that will be of great value as our leader. Punishment can come from pleasure as well as pain. The adage about too much of a good thing being bad seems foolish in the abstract. But in reality it can be easily shown to be true. There is no better thing than sexual pleasure. It is the foundation of our brotherhood. It is clear though that there are limits to even that which is essential. Do you see the wisdom in these thoughts that our earliest members have handed down to us?"

I suppose I had known for some time that excess of anything good or bad was unhealthy. But that day the lesson took hold. I was being given much and knew I needed to be a good steward of those gifts. In a very weak voice I simply said yes. I doubt that the tone was much more than a whisper. Terry sat down on my belly with his knees bent under my arms. He pushed my arms up over my head and moved so that his knees were pressed into my arm pits. His balls and limp cock lay on my exposed flesh. I couldn't imagine what was to come next. We were deep into a part of the ritual that was kept secret from me. Surprisingly, he smiled when he looked down into my eyes. Dan and Craig joined us on the floor. Each took a hold of one of my legs and held them down securely. Terry leaned forward and grabbed my wrists. 

"This is what it means to be humbled. We have taken total control of your body. We can do as we please with you. But that is not the next lesson. Taking physical control of you is easy. What must come is for you to willing give us control without need of physical constraint."

He lowered his face to mine our lips came together. I did not resist his tongue nor did I desire to resist him. As our two friends looked on, we made out for several minutes. Terry was in control of the action. It was like our tongues were dancing and his was leading. I could only follow and enjoy. At some point my legs were no longer being held physically. I kept them immobile out of a desire to please Terry. It was the first time that I had ever felt a desire to serve another without some motivation such as gaining membership in the AOK as a pledge. I had nothing to gain or lose that day. I was sure that I had already gained the knowledge offered by the lesson. I understood submission better than I had before. It was very simple; submission was its own reward and as empowering to the submissive as dominance is to the dominant. 

Terry pushed his legs back and stretched out atop me. Though his weight pressed down on me he certainly was not strong enough to hold me without help. I looked around and could not locate Craig and Dan.

"We're alone," Terry confirmed.

"Why"

"They went to the shower. The last of the tests was to see if you would resist when faced with just one person who you know you can overcome."

"Oh so have I passed then?"

"You haven't pushed me off so I suppose you have succeeded. But this isn't over John. After we all shower there is more for you to endure. You failed earlier and that must be dealt with. In addition, the ritual of humble origins continues deep into the night." 

"Well then sir, I await your command," I said happily and winked at him.

He stood and offered his hand to help me up. 

"John, you are going to be an incredible president," He gushed as he put his arm around my waist.

He guided me into the side room where we joined our friends. They had finished washing so they stood and watched us wash. When were done and dry they led me into the council chamber. Where the peers would assemble in two days to watch me formally become president was empty space. Other then the permanent council table the only thing in the large room were a few wrestling style mats on the floor. The sun streamed in from the window on the world. In my mind I saw myself standing there with my fellow pledges, naked looking down on the assembled brothers. 

"Come to the window with me," He said in a way that was surprisingly more of an invitation than an order.

It was still light out. Had classes been in session the path that lay 100 yards in front of the house and open field beyond might have been filled with students using the popular shortcut between the north and east academic clusters. If that were the case, Terry and I would have truly been standing there exposed to the world. But few students were on campus and none were within view of the window. Funny even if there had been hundreds looking up; I would not have refused the next request. 

"Get on your knees," Terry demanded softly as he turned toward me.

I knelt before him knowing I was about to give a blow job in place where I was on full display. He reached down and touched my cheek.

"The chronicles demand this test of willingness to show the world who you are. It demonstrates true courage," He recited sounding somewhat fearful.

By that point I really didn't care who knew that I sucked cock. I had reached a place where I did not feel the need to hide anything. My future was secure. No one other than Adam could take that from me. I was a bit concerned about the legal ramifications of public sex. But even that did not concern me greatly. I figured that Adam or other peers could easily make those kinds of issues disappear. 

He gently nudged my face toward his cock and told me to do what comes natural. I took his flaccid cock in my fingers and guided it to my lips. I kissed his cock head and then took all of his soft cock into my mouth. He quickly began to grow as I sucked on his dick. Soon I was moving my lips up and down his fully erect cock. I slid my hands around his body and cupped his ass cheeks. I caressed his buttocks while guiding him to match my rhythm by thrusting forward when I slid my lips down his cock. I turned to look at our two friends who were fondling their erect cocks while watching me blow Terry. Then I turned and looked out the window. 

I could see many campus buildings and a few people in the distance. None were close enough to see the action going on in the window. A squirrel paused in a nearby tree branch and seemed to stare at me as I listened to Terry's erotic moans. A part of me wished that there were people watching me suck my brother's tool. I could tell from his breathing that he was getting close to filling my mouth with cum. I turned my full attention to him. When I moved my finger into his ass crack and touched his puckered anus I felt his body shudder. I turned back to glance out the window as I pushed my finger into his body.

A lone female stood at the edge of the front lawn. She was looking up, clearly watching the action. She seemed too old to be a student. I assumed that she was faculty or staff. I turned back to Terry wanting to bring the show to a climax. I looked up and saw that his eyes were shut tight. He probably had no idea that we were being watched. I wondered if he would have been as comfortable with having an audience as I felt. His cock jerked in my mouth and a spurt of cum hit my tongue. I pulled my lips off of his cock and took his twitching cock in my hand. I aimed it so that the rest of his cum hit my face. I wasn't all that into facials, but thought it would make a better show for the chick in the front yard. Considering it was his second orgasm in an hour he produced an amazingly large load.

With cum dripping down my face, I turned back to the window. I looked down at our audience. Our eyes met. It was clear that she knew that I knew that she was there. She flinched and then I thought I saw her smile. After that she returned to the path and hurried away.

"Fuck, we were being watched!" Terry gasped as he stood there with his cock rapidly shrinking in front of my face.

"Wasn't that the point, brother?" I asked.

"I guess, but I figured that is was unlikely anyone would be around," He said sounding a bit more concerned than I expected.

"Relax Terry, she is an acquaintance of mine," Dan said. "I asked her to come by. She knew what she would be seeing. I thought it would be more in the spirit of the ritual. 
