 AUTHOR'S NOTE: I had not intended to write a series or a sequel to this story at the time that I submitted it. However based on the comments that I received encouraging me to continue this story, I have decided to write another chapter. If that is well received then I will continue with these characters. Thank you for the positive feedback.

*****

A BIG STEP FOR SCOTT

It was a rainy drizzly Sunday morning and Jamie was in Scott's bed again loving the feel of his cousin's big cock embedded in his ass. The loving cousins were very quiet as they fucked in the spoon position so as not to be heard by Jamie's parents in the other bedroom. Scott loved fucking his pretty cousin and he had become comfortable with his transformation to bisexuality. He was also at ease when giving Jamie a reach around and masturbating him. However, Scott was still not interested in doing anything else but getting his cock sucked, fucking his cousin's sweet ass and giving him a hand job.

As they fucked slowly, effortlessly and quietly Jamie rolled his upper body toward his cousin. He put his right arm around Scott and moaned softly. Scott stared at his pretty blonde cousin and admired the young man's beauty. Jamie smiled and pulled Scott's head toward his own. As if it was the most natural thing in the world, they kissed. They had never kissed until that moment and Scott surprised himself when he did so willingly. Jamie's lips were as soft and sensuous as a female's and Scott did not pull away. He simply closed his eyes and imagined he was making love with a girl.

Jamie slipped his tongue into Scott's mouth and for a brief moment their tongues dueled gently. Scott felt that familiar pressure in his loins and he pulled his mouth away. He buried his head in Jamie's neck and unleashed a torrent of cum into the receptive curvy ass. Jamie groaned softly as his rectum was filled yet again with a massive load. His sphincter gripped the pulsating shaft and squeezed it dry. At that moment Jamie's cock exploded in Scott's hand and sent semen flying onto the bed sheets.

They lay still recovering from the draining ejaculations and Jamie tilted his head back for another kiss. Without hesitation Scott returned the kiss but immediately regretted doing so. Jamie then rolled toward his cousin and embraced him. Scott felt the soft smooth effeminate body and willingly received the embrace. He then felt the wetness of semen from Jamie's earlier release.

"I can't believe that I kissed you. I can't do that again."

"Oh Scott, I love that you kissed me back. It shows the passion we have for each other."

"I got caught up in the heat of the sex. I just got carried away briefly. It won't happen again."

"Well whatever, as long as you keep making love to me. I've been thinking, let's stay up here another week."

"I really should be getting home," was Scott's immediate reply. Then he remembered that his girlfriend wouldn't be home for another 10 days. "Well I guess I could hang out for another week if it's okay with your folks."

"Oh good, they'll be fine with it."

Scott thought about another week of fantastic blow jobs, fucking a sweet ass and all in all great sex. He got hard again thinking about the week ahead and Jamie noticed the desirable erection. He grasped the big dick and whispered, "Fuck me again." 

Just then Jamie's mother Claudia called to them through the closed door. "Breakfast in 10 minutes boys, Peter and I are leaving early today."

"This will have to wait until they leave but then we can fuck all day," Jamie whispered giving the cock a final squeeze.

After breakfast the boys helped the parents load the car. They were pleased they could stay another week. Peter said they would be back on Friday. Jamie could hardly hide the excitement in his enthusiasm to spend another week with his cousin. As soon as the parents drove off they were back in bed naked and fucking. They would have sex all day until they were both drained and exhausted.

BLACK MONDAY

The boys woke up Monday morning but they passed on morning sex. They were both still sated from the marathon of sex on Sunday. The rain had stopped and it would be a good day to go fishing on the lake. They ate breakfast and then loaded up the boat and took it to a well-known fishing spot. If it had been a weekend day the spot would have been crowded but on a Monday they had it to themselves.

They fished until noon and caught plenty of fish keeping only those they would eat. Jamie suggested a shore lunch so they motored into a remote cove, pulled the boat up on the shore and secured it. They gathered some wood and soon had a fire going. Scott broke out the frying pan and mess gear. They cook the fish and enjoyed the lunch outdoors. When they were done they properly disposed of the entails, cleaned the gear and doused the fire. Jamie suggested a swim in the lake.

"I don't have my swim suit."

"Neither do I silly. Let's go skinny dipping. It's totally private here."

Scott shrugged his shoulders and followed Jamie's lead. They both stripped down and wadded into the lake. They swam around for about 15 minutes and then got out and dried off. Jamie was horny and he dropped to his knees and took Scott's cock in his mouth. Scott was hard in minutes and Jamie wanted Scott to fuck him. They put the boat tarp down on the ground and then their towels. Jamie had thought to bring lotion with him and he handed it to his cousin. Scott greased up the lovely ass and applied the lotion to this throbbing cock. They moved into the spoon position and Scott began fucking his pretty cousin's sweet ass. As he had yesterday Jamie turned back to kiss Scott and once again Scott engaged his cousin. They were fucking and kissing when the Ranger discovered them.

"Well, well, well, what have we here? Don't move." The Ranger ordered and quickly moved behind Scott.

"Put your hands behind you," he ordered and then fastened Scott's hands with a plastic restraint. 

By now Scott had gone soft and his cock had slipped out of Jamie's ass. "Now you pretty boy, on your belly and put your hands behind you."

Jamie did as he was told and his hands were also fastened behind him. The Ranger could not help notice the exquisite ass and understood why the other boy would fuck it. Both boys moved to a sitting position facing the Ranger. All they could do was wonder what would happen next.

"What are your names?" the Ranger asked and wrote them down when they responded.

"I'm Ranger Steve and you two are being arrested for public nudity and sex in public. How old are you boys?"

"I'm 19 and he is 18," Scott replied.

"Well that's good. You're adults and can legally have sex then. On your feet, I'm taking you to the Ranger Station," he ordered as he helped them up.

"What about our clothes, my boat?"

"I'll take care of them. Do you have a cabin up here?"

Jamie gave the Ranger the address and the boys watched as he tossed all their gear in the boat. He also took the fish out of the live box and released them. He then led the boys to his truck parked a short distance away. He had them both get in the back and as Jamie got in the Ranger took notice of his super fine ass again. It was about a 20 minute drive to the station but it seemed like hours to the boys. They finally arrived and Steve directed them inside where another Ranger was seated.

"Well what do we have here Steve?"

"A couple of gay boys fucking on the shore, Tom"

"I'm not gay," Scott blurted out.

"Oh really, then explain what it was when I found you fucking you pretty friend here with both of you kissing."

"I guess I'm bi. I never had sex with a guy until this week. Jamie's my cousin; he's the only one I ever did it with. I just fuck him and let him suck my cock. I don't do anything else."

"Is that right pretty boy? You cousin doesn't suck cock or let you fuck him."

"That's right, I'm gay but he is just bisexual."

"What do you think Ranger Tom, maybe we should change that?"

"I think we should indeed."

"Okay Scott it is time for you to learn to suck cock."

"I could never do that."

"I'll tell you what; it's either your mouth or your ass, your call."

Scott could not believe his ears. He was being told to suck Ranger Steve's cock in order to save his ass. He had never sucked a cock or desired to in spite of how close he had become with Jamie. Kissing his cousin was one thing but sucking a cock, that was too much.

"I can't, I just can't."

"Okay then, Tom hand me the lotion in the drawer."

"Wait, wait," the thought of a cock in his ass frightened him. He knew he had to choose. "Okay, I'll try. I'll suck your cock."

"That's a good boy. I'm glad you came to your senses."

Ranger Steve dropped his trousers and underwear freeing his already erect cock. Scott was pleased to see that he was no bigger than Jamie, a normal size cock. Kneeling on the floor with his hands still secured behind him, he opened his mouth and let the stiff shaft enter it. He tried to emulate the way that Jamie sucked him and Steve approved.

"You are very good, kid. If there is really your first time, you are a natural. Tom, just wait until this hottie does you."

Scott then realized that he was going to have to suck off both rangers. Jamie looked on in awe watching his cousin fellate the muscular ranger. He only wished that it was his cock that was in his cousin's mouth. Scott was focused on the cock in his mouth and he developed a technique that the ranger lauded. He was so focused at the moment he never sensed the ranger was close. Then it hit him as ropes of semen darted into his mouth, bounced of the back of his throat and coated his tongue. He tried to pull away but Steve held his head firmly in place and filled his mouth. He had no choice but to swallow some and experience his first taste of cum. 

Steve patted him on the head and complimented him, "Well done kid, you'll make a great cocksucker, your turn Tom."

Ranger Tom stepped up and he had removed his pants and underwear. He too had an average size cock, no bigger than Steve. Scott duplicated his actions with the same result, a mouthful of cum. Before Tom removed his cock from the teen's mouth, Scott panicked when he felt the other ranger greasing his asshole.

"What are you doing? You said you would leave my ass alone."

"Yeah but I lied."

Steve, now completely naked, began to caress the muscular ass from behind. Then Scott felt the lotion running down the crack just before the ranger caught it and pushed it into his asshole. He felt the intrusion but there was little pain. Steve kept fingering Scott's ass and applying more lotion until he was able to insert a second finger into the anus. Scott groaned but more out of surprise than discomfort. Steve fingered him with two fingers until they moved easily in the teen's ass. He next removed his fingers, coated his cock with lotion and added his saliva to make it as slick as possible.

Scott felt Steve's presence behind him and then he felt the soft spongy head at the entrance to his ass. Steve pressed forward as the mushroom head squeezed in and Scott cried out as he never expected to be that full. Scott tried to expel Steve's cock by pushing as if pooping but it just made it easier for Steve to enter his ass. Scott dipped his head and groaned as the stiff shaft wormed its way into his tight passage and stuffed his rectum. His eyes were watering from the pain of the penetration. Then as quickly as the onslaught of the pain happened it was gone and there was only the feeling of fullness in his ass. 

Steve began moving slowly and he was surprised by how much he liked fucking Scott. In this position he could only see the boy's ass and it was just like fucking Sharon the bar girl. Actually Scott's ass was even curvier and shapelier than Sharon's ass but not as curvy as Jamie's ass which he would take later. Steve really got into it and he started caressing Scott's buttocks again as his cock slid all the way in and out. Scott had completely adjusted to the cock in his ass and surprisingly he actually liked the sensation of it sliding in and out. As if he had been doing this for some time, he pushed his ass back to receive the ranger's cock.

The two young men were now caught up in the act and Scott began to moan and groan. Steve was incredibly turned-on and he felt his second orgasm building in his balls. He didn't want to cum that soon as he loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. As much as he tried to prolong his ejaculation his body took over and he fired another massive load this time into the teen's rectum. Scott's eyes widened when he felt the surge of the discharge and he instinctively contracted his sphincter muscle around the spurting shaft. Steve pressed forward burying his cock in Scott's ass and savored the feeling of his release. He remained in the teen's ass as Scott squeezed the cock with his sphincter muscle until his cock eventually softened and slipped out. 

Steve stared for a moment at the ass that he had just fucked as he was in disbelief that he had taken the boy's virginity. Scott remained on all fours for a few more minutes as he expelled some of Steve's cum from his anus. He felt the semen ooze from his hole and trickle down the inside of his thighs. Scott looked at Tom's stiff cock and he knew he was to be fucked again. He felt the strong hands massage his buttocks and then a finger entered his anus. Scott groaned aloud.

"Like that huh kid? Well just wait until you feel my rod in your ass," Tom said.

Scott accepted his fate and remained on all fours as Tom fingered his ass applying lotion to it again. Then the fingers were removed and Tom lined up his cock with the boy's ass. He pressed forward and although it was a snug fit his cock wormed its way into the now receptive ass. Scott moaned as the thick cock made its way into his rectum and he groaned feeling a combination of pressure and pleasure. Tom took his time with the boy as he wanted to savor the anal sex. Scott dropped his head to the floor and turned his face to one side. He had a blissful look on his face as his ass was skewered for a second time within the hour. 

He soon adjusted to Tom's dick and he was getting into it. Tom continued to drill the teen's ass. He loved watching Scott's buttocks jiggle each time he slammed into him and hearing the sound of their flesh slap together. Scott was groaning and moaning as the ranger penetrated him and then he felt Jamie reach for his cock. Steve had freed Jamie's hands and told him to play with Scott's cock. Scott was jerked off by his cousin as Tom fucked him and soon they were both cumming. Tom surprised Scott when he shot his big load deep into his ass. He felt the jolt of semen fill his rectum. Then he felt his own release surge through his shaft and spurt all over the floor. Jamie stroked him until every drop was squeezed out.

"Okay kid, now milk my cock with your ass," Tom ordered.

Scott knew what the ranger meant and he squeezed his sphincter muscle milking out the remaining cum from the stiff shaft. "That's a boy, get it all," Tom added.

Tom then pulled out of Scott's ass and told him to stay still. Steve noticed that Jamie had a boner and he decided it was time for him to fuck his cousin. 

"Tom let's put this cutie on his back and let his girly boy cousin fuck him."

With his hands still fastened behind his back, Scott was rolled over. Tom and Steve each grabbed a leg and pulled it back exposing the semen oozing anus. Jamie stared at his cousin's asshole somewhat in disbelief to what he had witnessed. His cock was throbbing but he did not move.

"Go on kid, what are you waiting for? Fuck that ass. It's waiting for you. It's your turn to fuck him; he has fucked you plenty of times," Steve urged him on.

Jamie moved closer with his cock in hand and lined it up with his cousin's anus. He pressed forward and the soft head cleared the sphincter. Little by little Jamie eased his dick into the warm sheath until he was buried balls deep in his cousin's ass. He stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for Scott's reaction. The feeling of discomfort was replaced by desire and Scott rotated his hips and arched his back to get Jamie further inside him.

Scott's body opened up to his cousin and he felt his cousin's cock fill his ass. Jamie's cock slid in and out slowly until he had finally buried all six inches in Scott's ass. Scott could feel his cousin's balls resting on his ass. He couldn't believe what a satisfying feeling it was to have Jamie completely inside him. He now understood why his cousin liked to get fucked. Jamie pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Scott began to rotate his hips again. Then Jamie pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his cousin senseless. Scott moaned in response to the pounding and they began to make love. Jamie leaned over him and kissed him deeply. Scott wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Scott was being fucked by his cousin and he loved it.

Jamie was fucking him hard and fast and he reveled in each thrust. Scott looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as Jamie fucked him. Scott soon felt a buildup in his balls. Jamie began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. They kissed again and their tongues danced together. This is what Jamie had hoped for, what he had dreamed about. He was making love to his cousin.

Scott felt the cock swell in his rectum as Jamie rose up on his knees. Scott knew that he was close and when Jamie grunted, Scott felt hot cum fill his ass. Jamie filled his cousin up with his cum but he remained hard and continued to fuck his ass. He pushed his cum around in Scott's ass and some of it escaped and ran over his buttocks. Due to his horniness and his youthful recuperative powers he continued to fuck Scott until he came again. Scott's asshole was overflowing with cum from four loads.

Jamie collapsed on top of his cousin and then they kissed again. He lay on top of Scott with all of his weight resting on him. Scott wrapped his legs around Jamie and he reveled in the feeling of his cousin's cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Jamie's cock softened and slipped from Scott's ass and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from his asshole. Cum ran out of Scott's ass onto the floor and he felt the cool air caress his no longer virgin asshole. 

When Jamie pulled away they all noticed that Scott was sporting a boner. His impressive cock was rock hard and in desperate need of attention. Jamie was overcome with desire and he took the twitching cock in his mouth. He was kneeling on the floor sucking Scott's cock when he felt one of the rangers behind him.

"Kid, I have been looking at this fantastic ass long enough. I have to have it," Steve uttered.

Jamie went right on sucking his cousin's dick as Steve prepared the teen's ass for a good reaming. He wasn't sure if he could cum again but he was hard and had to have the lovely ass. He eased his cock into Jamie's receptive ass and caressed the curvy buttocks. Steve loved the view of his cock gliding in and out between the glorious hillocks. 

It didn't take long for Scott to cum in his cousin's talented mouth and Jamie drank it all down as always. Steve continued to fuck the super fine ass and he cherished every second he was in it. He had never fucked an ass so lovely and curvy, man or woman. It seemed like nearly an hour before Steve finally came again releasing a small amount of semen from his shaft. He was clearly done now as much as he would have preferred to fuck the sweet ass all night.
