 "Was all that shit for real?" He asked excitedly as I pulled out of the long driveway.

"Well the sex was definitely real. You have for sure been given a new position, which will require some more explanation. As for what our ancient brother told us, I don't actually have a fucking clue. But in spite of his obvious senility, I think every word was the truth as he has believed it to be for a long time," I answered honestly.

"What the fuck have you gotten me involved in, babe?" He asked sounding worried. 

On the trip home I told him everything I knew so far about the Society of Protectors. About midway, I stopped for gas, a piss and to make a phone call. Zack answered and I told him that I was going to be tied up with AOK business for a couple more days. My lover displayed his characteristic innocence and trust. He didn't show the slightest hint of doubt in me. 

"Don't worry, baby, Julia and I will take care of each other while you're too busy for us," He taunted before handing the phone over to her.

"That damn brotherhood of yours is cutting into my cock time now!" She joked after I delivered the news to her.

"I love you too," I replied.

She laughed and told me that she understood. Although I knew I didn't have anything to worry about I felt a pang of what can only be called jealousy when she hung up. Knowing that the two of them would be fucking their brains out in my absence was the cause. None of the three of us had reason to be concerned. We loved each other equally and had perfect freedom to fuck anyone else we wished. There was never a reason for deception. Had I told them I was off for a few days of wild sex with Kyle and bevy of whores they would have been equally comfortable. Though I had told the truth about brotherhood business, I wished I could have told them the whole truth. 

It was nearly ten when we got back to the house. Being the middle of the week the area around the AOK mansion was deserted and quiet. Carlos my recent playmate was on the door when we entered. He smiled broadly as he greeted us properly.

"It is good to see you again so soon, sir," He added as if he was hoping for a repeat session.

"It is always good to see my new little brothers," I replied. "This is Kyle Phelps, a respected peer and treasured friend of mine."

"Greetings, brother, I am Carlos. It is my pleasure to meet you," Our sexy little brother informed Kyle.

"Greetings brother. Who is your friend?" Kyle asked.

Sitting on the sofa in the small front parlor was another of the new brothers. Though I had seen him, we had not yet met formally. As he approached us, I thought he looked familiar but not in the sense that actually knew him. 

"Greetings brothers," He said stiffly as he offered his hand.

He was about six-one and solidly built. I later learned that he was a rugby player. He had a wild look in his grayish eyes and wore his hair short and spiky. The tips of his once brown hair were dyed almost white. His tee shirt clung to his well developed chest. His semi-erect cock created an impressive bulge in his AOK gym shorts. I would later learn that he had a thick cock that was just under seven inches. What pubic hair he didn't remove was dyed to match the tips of his spikes. Had I not had more pressing matters to deal with, I might have fucked him right there in the parlor. It was obvious that he and Carlos had been fooling around. 

"Greetings brother, "I said as I took his hand. "I am sorry, but my absence has caused a gap in my knowledge. I do not know your name, brother."

"I am Horatio Fieldmeister, but I prefer Nelson my middle name," He informed me. 

I immediately knew why he looked so familiar.

"Are you related to Nelson August Fieldmeister?" I asked already sure of the answer.

"Yes sir, he is my great-grandfather. I am very proud to be the third Fieldmeister to be an AOK," He responded excitedly. "Do you know my gramps?"

"We have only recently met. He is an extraordinary gentleman and very interesting."

I was very curious about his being a legacy. As far as I knew he was the only current legacy in AOK. Being a legacy meant he knew his great grandfather and at least one other male member of his family had sex with other men. 

"What other Fieldmeister is in the brotherhood?" I asked.

"My grandfather was an AOK, but he has passed."

"Your father did not choose to join the brotherhood?" Kyle asked revealing that he was also very curious.

"He did not get the chance. My parents were killed in a plane crash with my grandfather when I was two. My father had only been in college a year and was just nominated to pledge. I was raised by gramps. He is more of a father to me than anyone."

"I am sorry for your early losses and would like to talk more to you about your family sometime," I said truthfully.

"I would be happy to talk to you anytime on any subject, sir. But I think I can answer the question you most want to ask now. It is the question that always looms when a brother learns of my family history. I never had sex with gramps. He taught me about his sexual history and encouraged me to be free and open to all things. He did not ever try to influence my choices beyond that. I knew about the unique aspects of the brotherhood and chose to join on my own without any interference from him."

"Thank you for honesty. But that is only part of what I imagined we would talk about. Are you free tomorrow afternoon to spend some time with brother Kyle and me?" 

"I am in class until about three-thirty and have brotherhood duties at six-thirty. Would four to six work for you?"

"It's a date," I said not bothering to ask Kyle if he had any interest in fucking another Fieldmeister.

I was pretty sure that young Nelson was aware that I wanted him for more than talk.

"Carlos, I suggest you tend more to your duties and less to Nelson until your relief comes," I said casually as Kyle and I headed for the stairs.

"You really are a huge fucking perv! Did you really think that old man was fucking his great-grandson?" Kyle asked as soon as we were upstairs and out of ear shot.

"Fuck, not really, but you got to admit it is different. Nelson sent off his son and their sons to be AOKs, knowing all that he knows. It has to change the experience having so much information before you even get here," I insisted.

"I guess, but they aren't the only legacies," Kyle responded as we went into my room.

"The chronicles list some, but they are rare, babe. Think about it, if things had worked out with Shelly and you had kids, would you have told your boys about the brotherhood?"

"No, I guess not. But what about you; what the fuck will you tell any sons you have? How are you going to explain your relationship with Julia and Zack?" 

"I am not sure how it will go, but obviously my kids will have a different perspective than most kids. It's likely they are going to be raised on the island."

"What?"

"We've talked about it; all three of us. If we decide someday to have kids we agree that it won't work anywhere else. It would be too confusing for them if they lived in suburbia. Can you fucking imagine them bringing their friends home? Oh this is my dad, this my mom and this is my Zack. Who is Zack? Oh he is my dad's boyfriend and he fucks my mom too."

"So are you guys thinking of kids, really?"

"Not at the moment. Right now all I am thinking about is what is in your pants," I informed him changing the subject.

"Oh really? I thought you only had eyes for little Horatio," Kyle teased.

"Well I am planning to fuck that sweet thing soon. But right now, I think you and I should hit the shower and then have some fun while we wait for it to be late enough for me to show you the secret chamber of the Society of Protectors."

"All that shit is for real, huh?"

"Yes and I hope you don't hate me after you find out what I got you into."

"Never happen, babe. Any chance there would be room for me on your island utopia? I could be your kid's godfather." He suggested.

I assured him that he would always be welcome as we headed for the shower room. Our plan quickly changed when we found that we wouldn't be alone in the shower. Terry and Craig were already in the shower soaping up each other's cocks when we entered the changing room. 

"Fuck me, Kyle, how are you?" Terry exclaimed.

Before Kyle could speak my fellow council members were giving him a joint hug. It was funny watching my two soapy naked friends hugging Kyle who was still fully dressed.

"Damn, you could have waited until I was out of my clothes," Kyle protested.

"Here let us help you," They said in unison and began tugging at the big guy's shirt.

"Chill out, guys; give him a break," I insisted.

They looked like a pair of puppies that had been bopped on the nose with a rolled up newspaper. But they did go back into the shower and let Kyle and me undress ourselves. We were barely under the shower when more brothers came into the shower room. I was surprised to see Colin Steiner arrive with a group of our younger brothers at that hour. Along with Colin, Kenny Jacobs, Rudy Phillips, Carlos Bryant, Jeremy O'Conner and Tyler Watkins had joined the party.

"Greetings, brothers," Colin said hesitantly. "Um, we didn't expect anyone to be here. I was helping our brothers with AOK history lessons. We decided to call it a night and came to grab a shower and ..."

"We know what you came here for, Colin," I interrupted as the six of them stood there looking anxious.

"If we are intruding..." Colin started nervously. 

"How could you be intruding? We are just washing our asses," Kyle said after he turned around to reveal his identity to the cute council gofer. 

"Wow, brother Kyle, I didn't know you were in town," Colin exclaimed and ran into the shower fully clothed to hug our visitor.

The other guys looked on clearly confused. Then again it may have been the sight of Kyle's cock that gave them that deer in the headlights look.

"Brothers, this handsome hunk of manhood is my great friend brother Kyle. He became a peer last year," I informed the group.

"Greetings brother," They said not quite in unison. 

"Greetings brothers," Kyle responded. "If you are going to join us, I suggest undressing first."

Colin looked embarrassed as he retreated to the dressing area and began removing his soaked clothes. His companions quickly stripped off their clothes. All five of them were sporting erections.

"Looks like they are pretty damn happy to meet you," Terry teased as the group filed into the showers.

The look in Craig's eyes told me he was imagining the lot of them lining up to take a turn fucking his ass. I was silently lamenting the idea that my planned romp with Kyle was likely going to be replaced with a shower orgy. Although Kyle was clearly ogling the new members, his demeanor suggested that he also preferred it to be just the two of us.

"So do these hot and horny little brothers have names?" Kyle asked as he made a show of soaping up his still flaccid yet impressive looking cock.

As each of them walked up and introduced themselves, instead of shaking their hands, Kyle grabbed their erection and gave it a gentle tug. None of the guys were able to disguise their interest in Kyle's growing sausage as it slowly came to life. Once the introductions and greetings were complete the ten of us got busy washing in earnest. It was clear that extra attention was being paid to getting genitals and assholes clean. It was obvious that most of the guys in the room were anticipating a wild AOK style party. After enjoying watching my brothers lather up their stiff cocks for a few minutes, I feigned washing Kyle's back so that I could surreptitiously whisper a question.

"So, you want to fuck these newbees or stay with the plan and go back to my room?" I asked hoping he would go for private time with me.

We switched places and he began to wash my back. He didn't hide anything from the others. He kissed my neck and rubbed his slick erection on my back before confirming that he would rather be alone with me and save the new brothers for another day.

After Kyle and I rinsed off, I announced, "Brothers, as much as we would like to stay and enjoy your company, Kyle and I have to attend to some business."

I didn't feel like I was violating the prohibition on lying since we did have Protectors' business. A few of our brothers were not able to disguise their disappointed expressions. 

"Will you require other council members for this business?" Craig asked hopefully.

"Not at this time, brother. It is a peer matter we are working on," I responded.

The president is the only active member that is considered a peer. I gained that position when my brand was tattooed. That thought drew my eyes to Craig's brand and his hairless pierced genitals. Impulsively, I leaned toward him. As our lips met I reached between his legs and cupped his sack. 

"Tomorrow?" I mouthed as I pulled my face away.

He nodded his acceptance. Kyle and I now had two dates for the next day and a long night of learning ahead of us. 

"Hopefully, we will all have a chance to get together again while I am in town," Kyle said sounding sincere as he stepped into the changing area. 

All of our shower mates were smiling when we left with towels wrapped around our waists.

"Damn, that was a tempting gathering," Kyle admitted just before pulling my towel off back in my room.

"But not as tempting as your cock," He added as he got on his knees in front of me.

He kissed my palm tree before engulfing my half-erect cock. It instantly swelled to full size inside his warm, moist mouth. He held my shaft with his lips as he swirled his tongue around my pulsating cock head. Being in my old friend's mouth had me very close to orgasm in a few minutes. I gently nudge him away and suggested that we switch places. It turned out that he was as excited to be with me as I was with him. It was less than ten minutes before his huge cock filled my mouth with a stream of hot thick semen. I happily swallowed every drop.

"God, I love the way you suck my cock," He exclaimed before practically begging me to fuck him.

I grabbed the lube from the nightstand and we crawled into bed. He lay on his back with his legs in the air as I filled his asshole with a generous amount of the slippery goo. As soon as I had him greased up, he grabbed his ankles and I shoved a pillow under his lower back. 

"Like old times," He purred deeply as I moved into place. 

I smiled at him as I coated my throbbing cock with lube. His ass was more than ready for me. I easily plunged ball deep into him with my first easy thrust.

"Oh Jesus, yes! I have missed your cock," He moaned.

As always Kyle and I were perfectly in tune. I knew exactly what he wanted and enthusiastically gave it to him. I began ramming my cock in and out of his wide open man-cunt. He panted and moaned like the bitch he wanted to be that day. His cock grew hard again as I thoroughly reamed his hot ass. Kyle let go of one ankle so that he could jerk off while I continued fucking him hard. With each thrust my balls slapped against his hairy ass. My brow was covered with sweat; my heart pounded; my breathing became labored.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" I roared as I felt the unstoppable tide rise in my body.

"Me too!" He moaned in response as my cock expelled my seed into Kyle's ass.

His cock spurted cum up onto my belly and out onto his as I ground my cock deep inside his ass. I collapsed atop him and we held each other as our bodies slowly came down from the intense high of our shared orgasms. 

"That was some hot fucking peer business," He declared when he was able to speak.

I kissed him deeply in concurrence of his thoughts.