 Jake would never tell his friend that he had a crush on him, but his wishes came true on that evening...

Jake was in his late teens, his 18th birthday was still fresh in his mind. His heart skipped a beat when he remembered that day. He wanted a pool party for that birthday, but not for his love of swimming, it was mostly to see his friend in his tight swimming trunks. Jake had devised a plan of going to his friend's house and when he wasn't looking, he would steal his trunks so that he would be forced to borrow a pair of speedos from him at the party...

Jake had always noticed that his friend, Ryan, was packing something large in his pants, and often fantasised about touching and sucking it as he moaned in pleasure. This would often lead to him getting a hard on when he was in his room thinking about him, so he would just jerk off to relieve the tension, hoping that he might get Ryan to do it to him one day. 

It was the day of the party, and as he expected, Ryan had come to him asking to borrow a pair of trunks. Ryan's face drooped as Jake held the blue, Lycra speedo in-front of him. 

"I can't wear that!" He said. 

"Why not?" Asked Jake. 

"Because it's skimpy...I don't want to crush my dick into a speedo!" Complained Ryan. 

"You have no choice...What else are you going to wear?" Said Jake. 

After a while of persuasion, Jake finally convinced Ryan to wear the speedo to the party. The thought of his huge bulge pushing against the speedo gave Jake a hard on, so he told Ryan to leave and that he would see him at the party...

"Yes! 8 O'Clock!" Shouted Jake as he jumped up and down, his 6 inch erection bouncing in the motion. Quelling his relentless arousal, he went downstairs and into the garden, were his friends where all in the pool. Ryan was in the bathroom, trying to force himself into the tight speedo. His balls would fit in, but one would fall out the side when he tried to push his thick penis into it. After 10 minutes of handling his meat, pushing and squeezing it, there was a knock at the bathroom door...

"Ryan, are you coming in?" Questioned Jake.

"Yeah...As soon as I can fit my dick into this stupid speedo!" Shouted Ryan. 

"It doesn't matter if it hangs out a bit, you'll be in a pool, no one will see it" said Jake, trying to stop his meat from thickening. 

"Okay then" said Ryan, "Just don't look!" Demanded Ryan, exiting the bathroom. 

Jake followed Ryan down the stairs, slightly upset that Ryan had managed to fit his meat into the speedo. Ryan's balls bounced in the material on every step and Jake's eyes were fixed on them. Luckily, Ryan didn't notice, he was too busy readjusting his meat as it pushed against the Lycra, causing it to pull against his firm buttocks. Jake's hand almost stroked Ryan's butt, but he resisted and pushed his throbbing erection down into his speedo. 

All the way through the party, Jake caught glances at Ryan's distressed package. Each time he looked at it straining the Lycra to the limit, it begged for someone to release it from the speedo. The water had stuck the Lycra to his meat, causing the outline of Ryan's balls and penis to jut out in the speedo, fuelling Jake's desire to rip it off and pump his snaking penis. 

Just after the last person had left, Ryan thought he would do at least one dive bomb into the pool as there was now room. He ran as fast as he could, his balls bouncing along the way, until he jumped and pulled his legs towards his chest to execute the dive-bomb. RRRIIIPPP!

The speedo had give way, tired from containing his firm buttocks and giant meat. Ryan's huge endowment broke free and sprung out of the broken speedo, his firm butt cheeks bouncing in the air before the splash. Watching this unfold, Jake's penis started inflating until a noticeable bulge protruded out of his speedos. 

Jake couldn't take it any-more, went over to Ryan who was trying to conceal his penis, and started to rub it through what remained of the speedo...

"What are you..." was all Ryan could mutter before a warm mouth enveloped his meat and he started moaning with pleasure. 

Jake had never been this hard before, he felt like his dick was an overinflated balloon, and the veins stuck out and pulsed as more and more blood managed to force its way in, making his meat turn red with sexual excitement. Before he knew it, his speedo had ripped under the pressure as well. 

Ryan started to kiss and caress Jake's nipples and face as his oversized meat began to inflate, slowly but surely. Jake pinned Ryan to the edge of the pool, sucking, licking and jerking the enormous meat that was getting even bigger before his eyes. 7 inches, 8 inches, 9 inches...It just kept getting bigger, edging slowly towards his stunned face. Before Jake knew it, Ryan's fully erect, 11 inch dick was pressed against his lips, even though he hadn't moved. Jake pushed it down and watched it spring up again, rubbing it on his face and stroking the shaft with his tongue as Ryan squirmed and wriggled with pleasure. As Jake was sucking the monster cock dry, Ryan moved towards Jakes now purple penis. 

Pulsing and throbbing, Jake's 7 inch meat was hurting because it was so hard. He couldn't take it any-more. He was going to shoot his load all over Ryan. As soon as Ryan enveloped his cock, he started to feel it happening, much faster than usual. 

"Oooohhhh, Ryan, I'm gonna cum!" shouted Jake, his thick, purple meat pulsating in the pleasure. 

"Go on then, shoot you..." was all Ryan could say before the dick that was forcing its way down his throat began to shoot. 

"Ohhhhhhhh!" Shouted Jake as his painful, purple cock erupted in the pleasure, the meat forcing puddles of cum into Ryan's mouth as it felt like it was about to explode.

Jake kept pumping Ryan's penis with his mouth as his cock deflated and sagged down after the overfilling it endured. He managed to scale 8 inches of the endless man-meat before Ryan turned him over, pinned him to the edge of the pool and started to force his thick, juicy cock into Jake's firm bubble butt. 

"Just a sec, let me get read...Ahhhhhh" moaned Jake as the monster pole impaled him in the anus. Ryan gave him no time to adjust before he thrust another 4 inches into Jake's frail, unprepared butt, moaning in pleasure when he clenched his buttocks around his cock. 

"Stop for a sec!" Pleaded Jake as his butt-hole strained and stretched to accommodate the huge member. 

"What's wrong? Can't handle a dick this big?" Questioned Ryan smugly.

"Fine then, keep going, I can take all of that dick!" Snapped Jake, tensing in pain as yet more meat entered his hole. 

"How much of that thing is left?" Asked Jake, trying to accommodate the throbbing shaft.

"Only about 2 more inches," said Ryan, feeling cum rushing out of his balls and into his shaft. 

Ryan continued forcing his meat into Jake until it was consumed into Jake's stretched out anus. Thrust after thrust, the dick slid violently in and out of Jake as he gritted his teeth in pleasure and pain, until he felt Ryan's massive dick erupt in waves of cum, shooting them into his hole and leaking out the gap and into the pool. 

But it wasn't over, they were both still hard from the sexual tension. 

"I can't take that any-more," said Jake. 

"Well nobody else is going to," replied Ryan. 

"That's not true," said another one of Jake's friends, Dan, who was sitting on the edge of the pool, stroking his 8 inch dick through the fabric of his slightly torn speedo. 

"Well then, come here," said Ryan, starting to jerk his massive member...