 The two hardboiled cops went into the police station's locker room, hot and sweaty from a hard day's work patrolling the mean streets of Atlanta. It was already unbearably hot in the summer, but getting involved in a shootout after a botched drug bust had only made things worse.

Officer Radwalski took opened his locker and started to take off his uniform to switch back into his street clothes. He was pretty damned thankful for the Kevlar vests at that point.

"Damnit Walsh, what the hell were you thinking back there?"

"I already told you I'm sorry," his partner replied, "It's just... well you could have gotten yourself killed back there."

"Yeah," Radwalski replied, "And instead you jumped in and nearly got both of us killed! Is that really that much better in your world?"

Walsh shrugged. He was the junior partner in their relationship, fresh out of the academy. But Radwalski... he was a legend. Walsh respected the man, and listened to everything he said. He had heard the stories, but he never really expected that he would be working with the legend he strived so hard to live up to back at the academy.

"No," Officer Walsh finally replied, "It's just that..."

"It's just that nothing," Radwalski gruffly cut him off, "That's just another one of those risks of being a cop down here. We all have to deal with it. So do our families. But we knew that when we signed up for the job."

Walsh had just taken off his pants and was now left with nothing but his underwear. The younger man's body was muscular but lithe, with a dusky tone to it. His partner couldn't help but notice how handsome he was. There was very little body hair and no visible tattoos. Radwalski started to wonder if maybe his partner worked out or something.

"See I get that," Officer Walsh replied, "But I don't know if you get what I am saying. I love you and if anything were to happen to you... I just don't know what I would do."

"What did you just say," Officer Radwalski shot back.

It was the first time that his partner had ever detected any hint of fear in his voice.

"I'm... gay," Officer Walsh said somewhat meekly.

Officer Radwalski was a little surprised by this sudden confession. He'd never thought of Officer Walsh as being gay, or even being anything other than his partner. He'd never thought of himself as gay either. No. He was a manly man. He worked out, fixed muscle cars, and ate red meat! He had a wife and two kids at home! And yet... his eyes were started to drift across his partner's naked young body.

Officer Walsh dropped his briefs and -- now totally naked -- he approached his partner.

Radwalski was a little surprised when Officer Walsh grabbed him and gave him a passionate kiss, but he made no real effort to fight it off. In fact, soon he joined in, and their tongues entwined around one another like two writhing serpents. He was even more taken aback when his partner broke off the kiss and went down on his knees, reaching over to his crotch and pulling out Radwalski's slightly erect member.

"See," Officer Walsh giggled, "That really wasn't so bad, now was it? In fact, it looks like your little friend here agrees with me."

He didn't want to admit it, but it was true. Officer Radwalski could feel his cock starting to get hard as his partner started to lovingly stroke and caress it. He began to work faster, until the member was fully erect, and then he popped it into his mouth and began to suck on it. Radwalski was a little excited by this thrilling turn of events. Even though he didn't think of himself as gay, it had been a very long time since he'd had a blowjob. Especially one this good. His wife stopped doing that sort of thing after the kids showed up.

He closed his eyes and enjoyed it as his partner began to deep throat him, taking more of his rock-hard shaft into his mouth than Radwalski ever thought was humanly possible. He lovingly ran his hands through Officer Walsh's auburn brown hair. Feeling good about himself, Officer Radwalski began to thrust his cock, driving it all the way down his partner's throat.

Soon he shot his load. Officer Walsh knelt there, utterly motionless as he swallowed every last drop of the older and more experienced cop's seed. Then, gasping a little for air, he rose of up to his feet and kissed his partner. Officer Radwalski was a little shocked, the taste of his own hot, salty seed on his lover's lips, but he went along with it.

When they had finished, Officer Walsh went back to his locker and began to get dressed in his street clothes.

"That was amazing," Officer Radwalski finally said, "I... I had never done anything like that before..."

"I'm glad you like it," his partner chuckled, "But maybe you should get dressed. The boys might start to worry about us if we show up late to the bar."