 True story!

I was standing naked in the bathroom corner, forehead leaning against the wet marble tiles & my ass pushed out to meet Hemant's hand as he kept thrusting deep into my hole with two fingers well past the knuckles. Our jeans & underwear were lying in a pile by the locked door & we were both pressed up against each other. Hemant was naked too & nuzzling the side of my neck while he gently finger fucked me.

Some of the shampoo he'd been using as lube was dripping down my thighs feeling gooey. Hemant gathered it with two of his fingers & pushed it back up my ass, shoving in a third finger at the same time stretching me even more! My toes curled & I let out a deep moan as Hemant bit down on my neck, my dick throbbing even harder while my arms hung limp & submissively by my side.

My 21 year old lover used his other hand to reach around & start pinching my nipples, his fingers up my ass having taken on a manic urgency. Suddenly I started cumming without even touching my dick, spurting thick white juice onto the blue tiles as my knees started growing weak & Hemant continued savaging my tender hole while his mom slept unaware in the bedroom next to us.

He removed his fingers & washed them off while I lit up what remained of the joint we'd begun smoking in his bathroom before Hemant had started rubbing my ass & things had gotten hot. We met on a gay forum a week back looking for a quick fix to our bicurious cravings. He stayed with his parents & I with my roommate so neither of us could host but he convinced me to go with him for just a drive nonetheless.

He was fair & had a swimmer's lean, almost hairless physique that made me embarrassed of my out of shape body but Hemant didn't seem to mind. Neither of us had spoken much on that drive, Hemant just picked me up & parked at a lane in Colaba where he made me smoke my first joint & later when I was nicely stoned had taken both my oral & anal virginity in the backseat of his car as I cried out in pain then later in pleasure as I felt my ass stuffed full of dick for the first time.

The next afternoon Hemant called me over to his place in Jogeshwari assuring me his mom & maid were asleep. I had the weekend off from work so quickly dressed & took a rickshaw to his house. He met me at the door & behaved very casually till he locked his room then we made out with him lying on top of me, dry humping me like my lover before he suggested we go to the bathroom for a quick smoke. That's where Hemant started groping me & loosened me up for sex. I felt so dirty letting him treat me like that but so turned on at the same time!

Once Hemant finished smoking the roach he sprayed some air freshener in the bathroom & made me sneak back naked to his room. My ass cheeks & thighs were smeared with shampoo, my nipples red where Hemant had pinched them so hard, my asshole feeling very loose.

I lay down on the bed looking at Hemant lock the door & walk towards me. I was 27 & older than him but watching Hemant's 6 inch erect dick & heavy balls surrounded in a tangle of curly black pubic hair coming towards me I felt myself growing hard. I smiled as he got on the bed between my legs, my hole tingling in a nice way.

Hemant ripped open a condom packet & quickly rolled it onto his dick while I lay under him. He grabbed his rubber covered dick & guided it to my stretched out hole as I spread my legs wider. I felt cold rubber touch my hole then slowly the head was slipping past the sphincter & the hard, ribbed shaft was sliding in as my anal walls squeezed Hemant's dick tightly. With a grunt he pushed himself completely in me & I could only lie under him moaning softly.

He leaned over & started kissing me on the lips, wet kisses with lots of saliva while driving his tongue deep into my mouth then grabbed my wrists & pinned them above my head. He continued being gentle till I got used to his dick then started fucking me like a street dog mating. The bed was creaking as he pummeled me, Hemant panting hard next to my ear & whispering filthy abuses while he wasn't kissing me. Hearing him say 'fucking cunt' & 'faggot ass' just turned me on even more. My boycunt felt soo good being used roughly!

I was grunting with each thrust from his hips, our skin slapping off each other. The weed had made us oblivious to everything except his dick sliding in & out of my sweet hole. I was pinching Hemant's nipples almost cruelly, the tiny nubs standing out hard. Lying on my back with Hemant rutting like an animal between my legs I could feel his masculinity, I could imagine being a girl getting fucked by her lover surrendering herself completely.

Soon his strokes became erratic then stopped & his body went limp over mine, his dick still in my ass. I felt it slowly softening before Hemant took it out & carefully removed the condom. Without needing to be told I bent over & started cleaning his dick. I took the entire length into my mouth & bathe it with my spit & tongue then started sucking it dry. Hemant's dick had gone flaccid by the time I finished. Then he took the condom & squeezed his cum out into my mouth making me swallow his thick, salty man juice. This filthy act had been all I needed as I started rubbing my dick fast & shot my warm load all over my stomach.

Hemant turned my face to him & started french kissing me as I put my arms around his neck & pulled him down to me, both of us sharing his remaining cum in my mouth as we heard his mom wake up & call out for the maid to make tea. Like two shamelessly horny twinks we continued making out even after someone knocked on Hemant's door.

His friend started shouting & banging on the door from outside, "DUDE! it's me, open the door Hemant...HEMANT!".

I quickly got off the bed & started putting on my clothes while Hemant just wrapped a towel around himself. My face was flushed red & Hemant's chest wet with my saliva. Hemant opened the door & shook hands with his friend standing outside & whispered something. I thought he was getting rid of the friend instead Hemant turned to me & said, "This is Vipul, he's gonna fuck your ass too, bitch!" with a dirty grin on his face.

I heard his friend laughing behind him as he took off his clothes while Hemant removed his towel & naked they both walked towards me. I sighed & started unzipping my shorts but Hemant's mom came knocking on the door ruining the moment. Hemant & Vipul decided to take me out in the car instead. I quietly followed behind them.

Along the way Vipul spoke to me very arrogantly & brashly, like a guy willing to suck his dick wasn't worth talking to politely. Sitting in the backseat I managed to get a good look at Vipul. He was a dark, 24 year old Gujurati boy, fat & chubby. At 6"2 he was taller than either Hemant or me & had a slimy looking face.

"You wanna fuck her at CCD?" Hemant asked Vipul, "I know the staff so they won't bother us," he told him. Strangely, being referred to as a girl felt erotic & degrading at the same time as I sat quietly behind them.

"I don't care man I just wanna fuck something!" Vipul said while rubbing his crotch & they both started laughing.

We parked at the Cafe Coffee Day in Santacruz & walked in. There were no other customers except for some young schoolgirls seated in the corner. Hemant went to talk to one of the staff & I followed Vipul's chubby ass into the public toilet.

It had two urinals & a stall along with a mirror & basin near the door, everything looked yellow in the light of 3 dim yellow bulbs overhead & smelt of pine scented disinfectant. Vipul locked the main door & not wasting any time with foreplay pulled my cargo shots down my legs.

"Bend over slut," he ordered & roughly bent me over the basin himself when I was slow to respond. I wasn't wearing any underwear so my ass & sweet hole were exposed to this fat fucker as he squirted some soap from the dispenser into his palm & started rubbing it around my hole. He roughly twisted in his fat, soapy finger & worked it inside me for a few minutes stretching me out nice.

"Looks like Hemant's not fucked your ass enough faggot you still fucking tight!" Vipul exclaimed, sending a shiver of pride down my spine & dick. My sweet boycunt felt empty when he removed his finger & I squirmed my ass to get it back. Vipul laughed & said, "you slutty faggot! your ass is begging to be raped in a toilet, isn't it?!". I could only moan softly in reply.

I heard him rip open a plastic wrapper behind me & looked into the mirror above the basin. I saw both of us had eyes glazed with lust, I saw him drooling from the side of his mouth as he put on a condom. I saw him tense & close his eyes as he pushed his big dick inside me in one rough jerk.

He clamped a hand around my mouth before I could scream, his groin pressed tight into my ass & what felt like a beer bottle buried deep in me. With his other hand he suddenly slapped my ass hard! I felt the sound echo in the small space before Vipul slapped my ass cheeks again & again leaving bright red marks.

We heard a knock on the door & muttering a curse under his breath he pulled out & went to answer it. "Fuck man! I'm not done with the slut," he said. I was still bent over the basin with my shorts pulled down. I turned my head to see Hemant & one of the serving staff from the coffee shop. They all walked in locking the door behind them as Vipul forcefully shoved his dick up my ass again.

I had my eyes closed & was holding onto the basin top with both hands as Vipul's heavy weight hammered me. I could feel Hemant & the other guy looking at us & tried to imagine what they saw. A 27 year old man getting roughly sodomized by a younger guy in a public toilet, groaning with each thrust of fat cock, liking it, crying for it, his hard dick between his legs proof enough of his sluttiness.

I put my head down & closed my eyes. My boycunt had gotten used to Vipul's frantic thrusting & I was feeling good. Unknown to myself I'd started pushing back trying to meet Vipul's thrusts. I'd even started grunting obscenely. Some of his thrusts almost lifted me off my toes & I would groan out louder. I felt his soft thighs slapping against mine. My ass cheeks getting flattened as Vipul slammed deep into me again & again.

"Fuuuuck!" I groaned lewdly & all three of the guys started laughing.

"Faggot slut!" Vipul shouted harshly, "this is what you fucking deserve isn't it bitch!", he grabbed me by my hair & pulled my head back till my eyes opened & I saw him looking at me over my shoulder in the mirror.

"Yes...yessss..I need your cock baby aaahhh..." I moaned, "fuck me like a gaydoll...aahh..pleaseee baby!" I moaned & begged, thrashing around on Vipul's dick as my words slowly turned to nonsense & I let myself become every degrading & filthy name I'd been called.

Everything turned to a blur after that. I don't remember if Hemant & his other friend even used condoms. I just remember the wet squelching noises their dicks made as they buttfucked me one after another abusing me & pulling my hair, spanking my ass hard. Using my sweet hole over & over again. As soon as Vipul shot his load someone pushed him aside & entered me, ramming balls deep in one stroke & continuing like that for what seemed like hours. Then someone else stood behind me & fucked me hard biting my shoulders. I knew that was Hemant, he liked marking his property.

Once Vipul & the other guy were done they just walked out of the bathroom leaving Hemant & me alone. He dropped his used condom in the bin & cleaned his dick with tissues then slowly did the same for my ass, wiping away all the soap smeared there. He turned me around to face him & helped me pull on my shorts. He straightened my crumpled t-shirt & leaned forward to give me a kiss wrapping both arms around my waist. I moaned in his mouth & Hemant let me suck his tongue for a while before taking me by the hand & walking out of the bathroom.

I heard the schoolgirls giggling as we walked past holding hands. Thankfully we didn't stay for coffee instead the guys dropped me home without so much as a bye. I emailed Hemant the next day telling him how much I'd enjoyed everything & without being too subtle asked if he wanted to hookup again. I waited a few days but Hemant never replied.

I liked being used by all three of them & only wish I had someone with me right now making me do dirty things, controlling me, turning me into their bitch!

Hemant or Vipul, if you're reading this then just call me guys! :)