 AUTHOR'S NOTE: I had not intended to write a series or a sequel to this story at the time that I submitted it. However based on the comments that I received encouraging me to continue this story, I have decided to write another chapter. If that is well received then I will continue with these characters. Thank you for the positive feedback.

*****

SPEEDO POOL PARTY

Jamie and Scott were heading over to Jerry's house for another pool party. Jerry had set a theme this time that everyone had to wear a Speedo swim suit. It also had to be a bikini bottom that fit very snugly. Apparently he had gotten hold of a gay porn video where a bunch of guys wore Speedos showing off their manhood before the sex started. It really turned Jerry on so he decided to play out the scene at his swimming pool.

"I can't believe that there are only ten more days before I head to college," Scott said thinking out loud.

"I know. I decided to go to City College instead of going away," Jamie shared.

"Really, what changed your mind?"

"Gina and Vicki; I'm going to live with them."

"Holy shit, when did that happen?"

"The last time we were together we discussed it. Not only that but they are going to transform me into a lady boy so I can be like them."

"This is unbelievable, what did your folks say?" 

"Oh they were happy about City College as the cost is five times less than the other school. They don't know about Gina and Vicki only that I will be sharing an apartment with two people. I told them they were students."

"I'll look forward to seeing your transformation. I bet you will look hot."

"Are you going to be gay or bi in college?"

"I'm planning to be bi. I hope to meet some hot girls and be more straight than bi. However if a cute gay like you catches my eye, I would be open to do him. I don't plan to be gay with anyone like I was with you. Just like today at the pool party, I will be bisexual."

Just then they spotted Jerry's house and pulled in the driveway. They had their Speedos on under their shorts and they were so tight that they were beginning to be uncomfortable. They headed to the swimming pool in the private yard and saw that everyone else was already there. It was the same gang as the last time and they were all wearing snug Speedos in different colors. Scott had to admit that all the gays looked sexy with their sweet asses and packages outlined in the tight fitting swimwear. He and Jamie shed their shorts and tees and Scott drew whistles of admiration when the others saw the outline of his manhood. Of course Jamie's ass was something to behold in his Speedo.

Scott was wearing a bright red Speedo and Jamie a canary yellow one. . Marty, Robby, Kyle and Jerry had worn light color ones and Lee had been bold enough to wear a pink one. He looked good with his blonde hair and golden tanned body. Scott knew he would be fucking that hot ass before the day was done. It didn't take long for everyone to show hard. Jerry had some rules to go over which brought giggles from his friends. 

There were frozen drinks for everyone to enjoy and then the action got started. Jamie's ass looked so desirable that everyone there would want a crack it some time that day. The first was the host Jerry. He pulled Jamie's Speedo down below the buttocks and had him lay face down on one of the lounge cushions. The swimsuit still covered Jamie's erect cock but the outline of it was very prominent. Jerry pulled his Speedo to the side and freed his stiff dick through the leg opening. Using suntan lotion he lubed Jamie's ass and his cock thoroughly. Straddling Jamie's legs he eased his cock onto the receptive ass. With his buttocks pressed together Jamie felt tighter than usual.

Scott looked over at the threesome of Marty, Robby and Kyle. They were standing side by side with Robby in the middle. They were rubbing each other's cocks through the Speedo material and all three had boners. It was a hot scene and they were driving each other wild. Finally unable to continue the foreplay, they had to free their cocks through the swimwear leg openings. Robby began masturbating his two friends. Kyle jerked off Robby and he and Marty fondled Robby's ass with their hands down the back of the swimsuit. It was an erotic scene and Scott started rubbing his big dick through his red Speedo.

Lee was staring as the outline of the massive cock that now even looked bigger in the swimsuit. He was licking his lips and rubbing his own cock. Scott smiled at him and beckoned him over. Lee walked over toward Scott and grabbed a lounge cushion on the way. He placed the cushion on the deck and knelt on it. Remembering what Jerry had said earlier. He began to mouth Scott's cock through the Speedo. He resisted freeing his own cock and continued to rub it through the material. Scott was dying to get his cock in Lee's mouth and Lee was anxious to free his own cock.

By then Robby, Marty and Kyle had moved into a daisy chain position and were enjoying a cock sucking session. Robby was sucking Marty who was sucking Kyle who was sucking Robby. They all still had on their Speedos, their stiff dicks and taut balls sacs exposed through the leg openings. Their hands were tucked in the swimsuits fondling each other's buttocks.

Convinced that he would cum at any second, Scott pulled his big cock through the leg opening right in to Lee's succulent mouth. Lee also freed his cock through the Speedo and stroked it in search of his own release. Jerry was the first to cum and he rocked back on his haunches and sprayed his load all over Jamie's smooth buttocks. As Jerry ejaculated so did Scott and he flooded Lee's mouth. Lee sucked the big cock dry and as he did he noticed that Jamie's ass was available. He quickly moved to the other blond and slipped his cock into the shapely ass. It only took a few thrusts before he too was cumming on Jamie's body. 

Jamie rolled to his back and pulled his stiff pecker out. Lee willingly took the cock in his mouth and sucked off Jamie until he ejaculated. While that was going on Marty, Kyle and Robby all pulled out of the mouths and shot their loads on the other's neck and chest. Jerry called for a cool dip in the pool and all seven of them with their dicks still hanging out jumped in. The water cooled their jets momentarily and washed the semen from the tanned bodies. Jerry told everyone to tuck their cocks back in before they got out of the pool. Scott had to admit although the Speedo gig was a little kinky it was a turn-on.

They sat in lounge chairs, sipped frozen drinks and rubbed their cocks through the swimsuits. Jerry was anxious for Scott to fuck him but he needed to be loosened up some before that. Robby was called on to fuck Jerry, who like Jamie pulled his Speedo down just below his buttocks and got on all fours. Robby again following the rules of the day pulled his dick through the leg opening and slipped it into Jerry's ass.

Kyle fucked Lee and Marty fucked Jamie while Scott rubbed his cock waiting for Jerry's ass to free up. This time no one pulled out and each rectum was filled with sperm. Robby eased his cock out and Scott was there quickly to fill Jerry's bottom. Once again the massive cock made its journey into the snug but receptive passage. Kyle and Lee, Jamie and Marty traded positions. Everyone had still followed Jerry's rules and still wore their Speedos. 

Jerry was moaning and groaning as Scoot's big dick pummeled his ass. Noticing that Jerry had a hard-on, Robby dipped his head under his host and sucked the vibrant pecker into his mouth. Everyone managed to cum again and Scott flooded Jerry's sweet ass with a massive load. Jerry came in Robby's mouth and then collapsed face down on the lounge cushion. Robby looked his host's anus and saw it twitching in response to the massive cock that had been in there. That's when Robby had a crazy idea.

"Hey guys, I think that Jerry can take two cocks at the same time," Robby announced. 

Everyone was silent waiting for the next move. "Marty and Kyle you guys have the slimmest cocks. You guys should fuck him."

Everyone watched, listened and did as instructed as Robby suddenly took control. This time the Speedos came off as Marty was told to lie on his back. Jerry was to sit on Marty's cock and once he was positioned then Kyle would add his dick to Jerry's ass. Both cocks were well greased as first Marty then Kyle filled Jerry's rectum. It was a wild scene for sure and not one they had expected to witness that day. It was a stimulating sensation for the two slender shafts to be rubbing against each other encased in a snug rectum.

Seeing the action before them Scott got hard and decided to fuck Jamie. Once again the Speedos were removed this time and Jamie's ass was stuffed with Scott's massive cock. Before Scott would ejaculate again Jamie announced that he wanted to try two cocks. Lee and Robby were only too happy to comply. Robby got on his back and Jamie lowered his ass onto the rigid shaft. It went in easily and then Lee got behind and stuck his cock in alongside of Robby's.

Scott looked at the two threesomes as they established a rhythm and looked incredibly sexy. He was stroking his cock and then brought it to Jamie's face. His cousin willingly took the big dick in his mouth as the other two filled his ass. When the guys ejaculated into the rectums, the sensation of two cumming in an ass at the same time was mind blowing for Jamie and Jerry. Both of them also ejaculated and Scott filled his cousin's mouth.

The seven of them separated and when Jerry had recovered from the orgiastic ordeal, he gathered up all the Speedos. He brought them in the house to be washed and dried as his friends sat around the pool naked. He also made a fresh batch of frozen drinks and they all chilled out while the swimsuits were being cleaned. They were all sexually sated and drained but agreed that the Speedo theme was very creative and applauded Jerry for thinking of it. It was close to 4:00 PM when everyone parted ways and Jamie and Scott drove home. 

"What did you think Scot? That was pretty hot wasn't it?"

"Yes it was. I didn't know what to expect but I have to admit it was hot."

"What's up for tomorrow?"

"I have to do some shit for my dad. I'll be busy all day. What about you?"

"I'm having lunch with Gina and Vicki. My folks are going up to the cabin tomorrow but I told them I wanted to stay home. Do you want to hang out at the house this weekend? I know my folks would like it if you stayed over."

"Yeah I can do that."

"Cool, it will be fun. We can have pizza and watch some porn."

"You might not have much left after a day with Gina and Vicki."

"Maybe but my ass will still be yours for the taking."

"Sounds good, I'll be over about six."

Scott then dropped Jamie off at his house and drove home. It had been a wild but fun filled day and he was absolutely drained. He had a relaxing evening at home with his parents watching TV. He told them he would be staying with Jamie for the weekend as Jamie's parents didn't like him to be home alone. Scott's parents were pleased that he was so thoughtful and considerate. Scott smiled to himself and thought, "If they only knew." 

WEEKEND AT JAMIE'S

On Friday morning Scott got a pleasant surprise when his dad told him the decorator was coming back that day for some final measurements. He remembered that Tai had said he would be but a date had not been set. He was glad to see the pretty Asian again and looked forward to fucking that very sweet ass. Tai insisted on getting his work done first this time. Scott watched the cutie move around and climb up and down the step ladder for a couple of hours. 

Tai had worn the same tight tan slacks as the last time and his ass looked fantastic. He emphasized his effeminate body language knowing that he was getting to Scott. Tai finally announced that he was finished his work and ready to play. They both went to Scott's bedroom and got naked. Tai dropped to his knees and took the big throbbing cock in his mouth. Scott was more than ready and within minutes he was shooting a huge load into Tai's mouth. He was then anxious to fuck the slender Asian and he had Tai get on all fours in his bed.

Scott got the lotion and took his time massaging the curvy bottom and probing the rubbery ring. Tai had a cute little erection but Scott ignored that as he was enamored with shapely buttocks. He teased Tai mercilessly until he begged Scott to fuck him. Easing his well-lubed thick dick into snug passage, Scott admired the young man's beauty. With his long jet black hair, kneeling with his head turned to one side; Tai really looked like a slender girl.

Tai moaned as Scott fucked him slowly and deliberately. He was in no rush as he relished every second he was in the lovely bottom. Scott lovingly caressed the smooth cheeks and he loved watching his cock slide in and out. He felt the sphincter grasp his cock and he sensed that Tai had cum while being fucked. Scott continued with longer strokes pulling his cock out until just the head remained inside and then plunging the entire length back in. Tai continued to masturbate and managed to cum twice before Scott flooded his rectum with a massive load.

They stayed coupled together for several minutes with Scott caressing the smooth hairless body. He knew that he could fuck Tai again and maybe even go a third time but the Asian cutie had to get going. He had another appointment that day but he was very happy that he and Scott had hooked up a second time. With Scott's permission, Tai showered, dressed and left for his next appointment. Scott also got cleaned up and then he had to run some errands before he went to Jamie's for the night. 

That evening at Jamie's house Scott and his cousin were chilling out with a couple of beers sharing the events of the day. Jamie liked hearing about Tai and he shared how his day went with Gina and Vicki.

"Scott, I am absolutely drained tonight. I hope you can wait until tomorrow to fuck me."

"Sure, I can wait. I did have a good visit with Tai today but it sounds like you really went at it."

"Oh my god, Gina and Vicki were relentless they both fucked me three times today. I got to fuck them too but they could not get enough of my ass."

"I think that I know why. Are you sure you want to move in with them?"

"Oh definitely, they are so hot and I loved feeling their tits pressing into my back when they fuck me. It got wild a couple of times today. When I fucked Gina, Vicki fucked me at the same time. Later when I fucked Vicki, Gina fucked me."

"It sounds like an exhausting day."

"It was. Then the other times one of them would fuck me and the other one sucked my cock. My bottom has never had so much cum in it as it did today."

"I'm going to get another beer, want one?"

"Sure, what do you want to do tonight?"

"Just relax with the beers and watch TV. I'll sleep in the guest bedroom tonight so we can get a good night's sleep and rest up for the weekend."

The two of them watched a movie on TV, killed a few beers and then turned in for the night. Jamie was asleep within minutes of hitting the sack. Scott was glad that he decided to sleep in the guest room. He probably could have fucked Jamie but why rush it as they had all weekend. Scott stretched out in bed and he was asleep shortly.

Saturday morning Scoot woke up before Jamie and he went downstairs and made a pot of coffee. He walked outside and got the morning paper and then relaxed in the family room with a cup of coffee. About 30 minutes later, Janie joined him in the family room. 

"I am so glad you slept in the guest room last night. I got a great night of sleep."

"Good, so did I. Want to go out for breakfast or eat in."

"Let's eat in, I don't even feel like getting dressed. There's plenty to eat here."

"Sounds good, what are you in the mood for?"

"Pancakes, I'll make them."

The two of them headed for the kitchen and Scott set the table while Jamie got the pancakes started. Scott sat down with a fresh cup of coffee and watched Jamie move around the kitchen. Jamie was wearing the tight fitting knit sleep shorts and they were like a second skin. Every movement of his ass was accentuated in the snug fitting shorts. Scott got hard looking at the super fine ass and pulled his cock out through the fly. He was stroking it when Jamie turned around and brought the pancakes over to the table.

Seeing Scott's condition he smiled and after putting the plate down he grabbed the thick shaft playfully. "Let's eat our pancakes first and then I have a plan for the morning."

"So what's on your creative mind today?"

"I want us to take a bath in my parent's tub. It's huge and has a couple of jets in it. Afterward, I want you to give me a massage and then let things take their course."

"I like that plan."

They finished breakfast and Scott cleaned up as Jamie prepared the bath. He added bath oil to the Roman style bathtub and placed fluffy towels nearby. He slipped off his shorts and was already in the warm water when Scott came into the bathroom. He quickly shed his shorts and joined his cousin in the bath. It felt very intimate and the two of them did something they had not done in several weeks. They kissed and cuddled and let their oily hands caress each other's body. 

Jamie took a hold of Scott's big cock and stroked it under the water. Scott then reciprocated and they masturbated each other as they kissed. They were careful not to cum as they both wanted to shoot in the other's bottom. They would save the fucking for later and use the bath as foreplay. Jamie cleaned his anus thoroughly and asked Scott to rim him as he had done once before. Knowing that Jamie was clean Scot complied with the request. 

He had Jamie lean over the side of the tub and at first he fingered his cousin's spectacular ass. Scott would always be drawn to the curvy bottom and he massaged the twin cheeks lovingly. Prying them apart he dipped his tongue into his cousin's anus and probed it with the tip of his tongue. Jamie was going wild with the act and it was all he could do to keep from cumming. Scott's cock was throbbing and it took all his will power not to stick it in the lovely blonde ass.

The water was getting colder and Jamie could not take any more foreplay. They got of the tub and dried off with the very thick fluffy towels. It was time for Jamie's massage and Scott was anxious to get back at the super fine ass. Scott's cock started to stiffen as he moved to Jamie's bed. Jamie handed him the lotion and he straddled the blonde prone body. He sat on Jamie's legs just below the buttocks and rested his hard cock in the crack of the ass. Scott poured the lotion on his cousin's back and shoulders and then began to massage the pretty teenager's body. His hands glided over the smooth flawless skin. After several minutes of massaging the upper body Scott turned his attention to the marvelous ass. He massaged each of Jamie's buttocks, once again relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. Scott felt his cock begin to twitch again and he thought that he might shoot just from the eroticism of the moment. 

Jamie felt Scott's cock harden again and he said, "You like my ass don't you Scott?"

"That's a silly question, you know I do. I love your perfect ass."

"Are you ready to fuck me again?"

"More than you know."

Scott smoothed the body lotion all over his cock and then he poured some of it in the crack of Jamie's ass. He then fingered the anus making sure that it was well lubed for a round of butt fucking. Satisfied that Jamie was sufficiently lubricated, he eased his cock into his cousin's hot ass. Jamie pushed his buns up to meet the penetration and the cock slid in easily. He groaned as the thick shaft filled his anal passage again. Scott fucked Jamie for only a few minutes because he was so turned-on. He ejaculated in Jamie's ass and then leaned over and hugged his cousin. The two of them remained in the same position for several minutes. 
