 My name is Robert. I am a 25 year old 6"1' male with blonde hair and striking features. Up until 2 years ago, I considered myself completely heterosexual, but the events of a drunken night led me to explore my other side. I only wish I had done it sooner. 

There was a guy who I wanted to be my friend more than anything. He was a BMOC and he seemed like the coolest guy. I got the nerve up to talk to him one day and I asked him where he hung out on the weekends. He answered that he usually checks out the clubs. I asked him if he minded if I tagged along one weekend. I was surprised when he said no problem. My hero Jason and I had decided to head out to the clubs one weekend, since there was really nothing better to do. At the time Jason was a 20 year old 6-4 235 pound athlete that was cut like a black Adonis. I later found out that Jason was in the dumps because he had this ex named Sadie that he'd recently broken up with.

We decided to go hang out after the big game. I got to watch Jason dominate the other team and give our school the biggest win in our history. I was cheering so loud that I was almost hoarse. My muscles actually ached from jumping up and down so much. I couldn't believe that we just won the big game and Jason was the MVP.

I waited for him to shower and congratulated him on the big win. He said that we should get going and told me to leave the car at the stadium. Jason and I stopped off at his place on the way to the clubs and tossed a few back. Shot after shot of tequila with beer chasers filled the next two hours. Jason decided that he was too tired to go out and got more comfortable. He went to his room and changed into these really really tight, short, denim shorts. "God, he is a STUD" I thought. I could not believe that thought entered my mind at all. It must be the alcohol talking. And I just knew that Jason was straight. Afterall, he and Sadie just broke up. 

Instead of going to the club, we decided to just kick it at his place. We played some Playstation Football and then we watched some videos, and we continued to get wasted. I was feeling no pain. After what seemed like his 15th shot, Jason started was checking me out! It felt so strange because this was a prime athlete who I idolized. Here I was, a nobody, a sexually inexperienced homely kid and this stud was checking me out! We talked about all kinds of things, when finally the topic turned to sex. "So, are you seeing anyone?" he asked. "Who me? I wish, but for now I'm terminally single" I replied. "For some reason, I have trouble holding onto a girlfriend. They all dump me within the first week" I said feeling sorry for myself. "There have only been two girls that I have ever slept with, so maybe it's because I am so inexperienced in the sack" I confessed.

"How does a cute guy like you stay single for very long?" Jeff asked, and I replied that I wasn't all that cute. "That's your problem, you have low self esteem. I think you're damn cute, and you seem like a pretty great guy too." Jason said. 

His place wasn't the nicest in the world, being a college student and all, but it was a home, and it was private, which was what he valued the most. Then without notice, Jason immediately took me into his arms and kissed me deeply. God, it felt so good, being held in these strong arms. I felt instantly safe. God, he knew how to kiss too, the whole time I was in a totally different world, and when he finished I literally just stood there stunned for a few seconds.

Jason took my hand, and we laid down in bed together. I laid there with my head on his chest, being held in his arms. The feeling of just touching him, being held by him, set off sparks thought my body, and made me feel as though we were connected, as if the entire world was right here, him and I, in his arms. I guess one could call me submissive as far as sex goes, allow me to explain. I'm a bottom. To me, sex is much more than simply getting my rocks off, To me sex is letting a person have me. When I have sex, I truly feel as though I am being taken and we are becoming one.

I asked Jason why a great looking guy like him had any interest in me, for I was not all that good looking at all, at least not in my opinion. I've had many girls not even give me the time of day, yet here is the my idot, my hero, holding me, loving me. He simply told me he didn't know what it was about me, but that he found me attractive in many ways.

We took of our shirts, and I began to kiss his nipples and navel. Something about that guys navel that just droves me crazy sometimes. I just did what came natural to me. Anyhow, I got down to his shorts, where I felt a raging hard on. I took the shorts off, and all I can say is WOW. Jason was huge, in fact, it was the largest I had ever seen even after endless hours of surfing gay porn on the internet. His ebony cock was cut, very thick, and at least eleven inches long. I took it into my mouth and licked the head, my tongue moving around the large mushroom tip. I could only fit about three inches of this enormous cock in my mouth, but I sucked and licked on it the best I could, and it was driving Jason wild.

Jason finally removed my pants and boxers, and I laid on my back as he laid on top of me. He held me and kissed deeply again, and right then and there I became his, there was no way to stop it now, he had me. He kissed me and rubbed his cock against my ass, and I wanted him inside me, I had to have him take me.

We applied some lube to his cock, and I placed my ankles on his shoulders. I wanted to be a bottom, I wanted to be fucked on my back, so I could look into his eyes, and see him taking me and making me his. Jason began to enter, and the pain was intense, because he was so large. Slowly, he entered, kissing me the whole time. Finally he was in, and he began to slowly thrust, very gently, as he laid on top of me.

I felt him inside me, thrusting, he was in me, and he was in my soul. My entire consciousness was aware of only one thing, and that was him inside me. He continued thrusting, asking me how I was feeling, as I was begging for more. "God, this feels good" he said. "Mmmm, oh yeah" I replied and we entered into another deep passionate kiss. He continued his thrusts, they were getting faster and deeper. I thought I was going to split in half, but it didn't hurt, and finally I felt his balls slapping against me, and I knew he was thrusting all the way in. That was all I could take, and the world went blank, all I saw was white flashes, and I erupted into one of the most intense orgasms I had ever experienced, my cum hitting his chest and my belly. He continued his thrusts deep and fast, and suddenly he grabbed me tight and kissed me deeply, and I felt the warm cum enter me squirt after squirt, entering deep into my insides and making me his.

We laid there, him on top of me, for what seemed like forever. He kissed me gently. "How do you feel?" he asked. "Oh man, that was great. I love you, Jason." He kissed me again and said "I love you too, Robert". I glanced at the clock and realized it was four o'clock in the morning. We had made love for over 5 hours. We put out clothes back on, and he drove me home. At my place, we exchanged numbers, and he held me and kissed me again before leaving.

I saw Jason a few more times after that, always the sex was out of this world, joining us together into one being, making me his, and him mine. And he was intelligent, we constantly had something to talk about, but also enjoyed the times when we could just sit and hold each other quietly, enjoying being together, in each others arms, safe, as one.

Jason graduates this year and he will be moving away. We probably won't see each other much anymore, but a little part of him will be with me, in my heart, always.