 AUTHOR'S NOTE: I had not intended to write a series or a sequel to this story at the time that I submitted it. However based on the comments that I received encouraging me to continue this story, I have decided to write another chapter. If that is well received then I will continue with these characters. Thank you for the positive feedback.

*****

SCOTT MEETS HIS FIRST LADYBOY

After spending Tuesday with Jamie and watching the lady boy video again, Scott was determined to meet one personally. He didn't tell Jamie his plans but the next day he went to a coffee shop in the gay section of the city where lady boys were said to frequent. He was nervous as hell but he went through with his decision. He was seated in the coffee shop when a stunning looking girl entered. She smiled at him and then ordered a café latte. She looked to be about 5'7" and weigh about 125 pounds. She had long brown hair and deep brown bedroom eyes, which seemed to say, come and fuck me. Her figure looked to be 34-28-35 and she had lovely legs and magnificent ass. 

"Are you lost today, young man?"

Scott realized the young woman or lady boy was talking to him, "I don't think so. I heard about this coffee shop and decided to visit it."

"Is that so, how old are you?"

"I'm 19; I'll be a sophomore in college this fall."

"Well that's nice. My name is Gina."

"Hi Gina, I'm Scott."

"Pleased to meet you, come over here and sit with me."

Scott moved to the other table with Gina and he studied her closely. If she was a lady boy she was drop dead gorgeous. He stared at her legs with the short mini-skirt riding up on her thighs. The elastic hose tops were just visible. He felt his cock twitch as he was excited by the prospect of hooking up with Gina.

"So what brings you here? Are you hoping to meet someone like me? Do you know what I am?"

"I think so. I think you're a lady boy and yes I was hoping to meet someone like you. You're beautiful!"

"Thank you and you are quite handsome. When we finish our lattes would you like to come to my place? It's only a few blocks from here."

"Yes, I would like that."

They finished their lattes and got better acquainted. Gina then took Scott's arm and they walked to her apartment. They looked like a handsome couple but in that part of town one could never tell. Once in the apartment they sat on her sofa. His cock was throbbing in his pants and he could not wait to see her naked. Gina turned and smiled at Scott and he leaned in to kiss her. She did not back away; in fact met Gina met his kiss and shoved her tongue in his mouth. He felt his cock surge as he kissed her deeply. His hands went to her covered breasts. The feel of her lovely round breasts covered in the soft material felt wonderful in his hands and he gave her a warm squeeze to show his appreciation of her beauty. 

Gina threw her head back, emitting a throaty moan, and gave Scott a perfect opportunity to bare her breasts. He lifted the blouse as his tongue and lips caressed her neck. He tasted her warm soft skin losing himself in her wonderful scent. He slid the halter top away from her shoulders to expose the lovely orbs to his now eager mouth. He could feel her enjoyment as her hands held his head firmly to her breasts. As Scott started his kiss trail down her chest in search of his next objective she stopped him.

"I want to undress you," she whispered.

Without waiting for his response, she pulled the polo shirt over his head and then dropped to her knees in front of him. Then she undid his belt and slid his pants off letting them drop to the floor. 

"Well someone looks happy;" she said as she gazed longingly at Scott's massive erection in his briefs, "Did I do that to you?" she asked in that wonderful erotic tone. 

She then pulled the elastic of his briefs and let them catch his rock hard cock. She slid them to the floor and watched as his erection caught in the waistband and then sprung out. Gina kissed her way up Scott's legs and took his stiff penis into her mouth. Scott had had plenty of great blowjobs but he was never as excited as he was at that moment. There was something about her movements as she employed just the right amount of teasing and nibbling. Scott knew he was in for an ejaculation of monumental proportions. He felt her hands grab his ass cheeks behind him and he was impressed with her strength. Gina spread the cheeks and he could feel her fingers moving toward his anal portal. She lubricated her finger with the mixture of her saliva and his pre-cum and then slipped the moistened finger into his tight ass.

The sensation of this was almost too much for him to bear. Gina seemed to sense his condition and she held still for just a moment letting him recover briefly. Her finger moved with urgency now as she finger fucked Scott in the ass to the same tempo that her mouth sucked his cock. She next slid a second finger into his ass. She found his prostate and she sucked him all the way into her mouth. No one had ever taken his entire big dick. She pushed against the prostate as she sucked him deeply into her mouth and caused a volcanic eruption of cum. Scott held onto Gina's shoulders as his toes curled and he flooded her mouth with one of his massive loads. He pushed into her and balanced himself by holding onto to her shoulders as the ejaculation drained his energy.

Gina hungrily and insatiably drank down all Scott's cum and then she stood up and kissed him to let him taste himself in her mouth. He was not repulsed by the taste of his own cum as he had tasted it in the past. Gina guided them into her bedroom and he fell back onto the bed. She got in bed with him and her lovely face was right over his and he reached up to kiss her again. They kissed as he rolled her over onto her back. Gina's blouse was long gone but she still had on her shirt and hose. 

Scott pulled them down and slid them over her sexy legs. He kissed her calves and thighs as he worked his way back up. He engulfed himself in her musky scent as his face hovered over her silk panties. He hoped that he would get to fuck her in the ass. As his hands removed her panties and slid them down they seemed to snag on something and he knew immediately what it was. Gina's cock moved free and sprung out. Scott was now staring at a raging hard-on. He was mesmerized by Gina's cock as it was almost as long and thick than his own. Gina sensed his hesitation and encouraged him to suck her cock.

"Scott, suck on my big clit. See how hard you made my clit. Now you have to suck on it just like you suck on a girl's clit. Suck my clit good and I'll let you fuck me next," she said in a soft sexy voice.

He stared at the hard man meat in front of his face and he took to it. His hands reached for Gina and he held the throbbing penis. Scott had to admit it felt wonderful to hold her cock and he knew that he was not going to stop there. He began to jerk the cock just as he had Jamie's so many. He reveled in watching the lust in Gina's eyes and face as he pumped the rigid tool. His other hand cupped her balls, and rolled them gently, caressing and squeezing them. She moaned in pleasure. 

Scott watched the pre-cum ooze from the penile opening and he knew that he had to taste it. His hands brought Gina's cock to his mouth and Scott flicked his tongue tip over the pee hole to taste the pre-cum. This turned Gina on whose hips thrust upward toward his mouth. He next put the head totally inside his mouth and for the first time in his life he had a cock other than Jamie's in his mouth. Scott enjoyed this sensation of the thick spongy head but Gina got impatient and with strong hands pulled his head half way down on the rock hard shaft. 

At first Scott gagged but then he found it quite easy after a bit, to relax, and follow the hands on his head as Gina face fucked him. She was careful not to push too much in his mouth. Her moans were increasing and he felt the shudders begin. He began to suck as his mouth went up and down the shaft as they established their rhythm. Her thrusts were violent now and he found it difficult to keep the cock in his mouth. Scott grasped the thick dick at the base and he it so it didn't slip from his mouth and didn't go too deep. It was a challenge but he was able to keep half of Gina's cock in his mouth as he prepared to taste the ejaculation. She was now moaning, groaning and humping as the climax approached.

Not in his wildest dreams did Scott ever think that he would be sucking a lady boy cock but here he was with the beautiful Gina's cock in his mouth. His lips locked on to her purging tool as he held onto the shapely ass. His one hand cupped the tight ball sac and the other caressed the anus feeling the muscle spasm. He knew he was going to let the cock cum in his mouth, driven even further by Gina's lustful desire as evidenced by her screaming, He felt his cock harden again as he awaited the milky discharge. He wanted her to climax in his mouth just as Jamie had so many times. The thrusting stopped and the cock pulsated in his mouth. Gina's hips strained as they thrust into the air, her back was arched and her head was thrown back in wanton lust. 

She cried out, "I'm cumming, oh God, I'm cumming!" 

Scott felt the first burst of molten liquid in his mouth. The taste of Gina's juice was somewhat salty but his desire to suck until it emptied into his mouth had him squeezing her cock for every drop. He swallowed fast in order to handle the volume as he tried to not lose any of it. Some of the semen dribbled down the side of his mouth but he ignored it and continued to suck hard. He sucked and sucked as fast as he could as six or seven ropes of cum filled his mouth. Just the act of having her cum in his mouth stirred his loins as he thought about fucking her ass. Surely she must take it in the ass, he thought to himself. 

He felt Gina finally subside and fall back on the bed. He did not want to take his mouth from the softening cock but she reached down to guide his head. She kissed him deeply and let their tongues play together. Then she darted her tongue outside his mouth and scooped up the remaining cum that had escaped. After lapping up the seed around his lips, she put a tongue deeply into his mouth and fed the love juice to him. 

Smiling, Gina gently pulled her lips from his and looked him in the eyes, "I want you inside me. Would you like to fuck me now?" she stated more than asked.

Lost for words Scott nodded his agreement and Gina rose from the bed and walked seductively to her dresser. She retrieved a bottle of lube and then returned to the bed. She poured some in her hand and then she stroked Scott's raging hard-on getting it very slick. He needed no further instruction when it came to preparing an ass for a fucking. As she crawled onto the bed on all fours, he was enticed with the beautiful ass. He poured some of the fragrant lotion onto his hands and then placed a copious amount on her beautiful round ass. Scott now knew that this ass was there for his taking. He loved watching the slow circles of her ass as she teased him unmercifully. He let his slippery fingers travel lightly all around her ass cheeks. Scott heard a sharp gasp escape her when his fingers first reach the crack between the cheeks. He started at the top of her ass and moved ever so slowly down until one fingertip reached the puckered opening. She sighed deeply with pleasure.

Scott did not penetrate the now anxious hole but instead he separated the lovely butt cheeks, exposing her anal opening. He then moved his head down and dipped his tongue between the shapely cheeks. Gina's movements became frantic with desire and he loved it. His tongue probed at the well-lubricated anal opening and then he surprised himself when he pulled her buttocks apart and jammed his tongue into her anus as deeply as he could. She bucked back at him trying to get more of his tongue inside the receptive hole. He probed in and out with his tongue as he prepared her ass to be fucked. The sensation was overwhelming for Gina but there was a desire for more in there than his tongue.

"Please, please, now! Scott, I need your hard cock in my ass," she begged.

Scott pulled his tongue away from her ass and got up on his knees behind the beauty. He moved his cock close to her anus and positioned the head at her opening. Then overcome with desire he held nothing back as he jammed his cock as far into her ass as he could.

"Yes, that's it, oh yes," she encouraged.

Scott's hands held the sides of Gina's hips as he fucked furiously fulfilling his desire to finally fuck the beautiful shapely ass. She met and matched each thrust from him. He pounded her ass and his pelvis slapped into the ass cheeks causing them to jiggle each time. He was wild with passion and he knew that he could not hold out too much longer. As much as he wanted to prolong fucking the lady boy's incredible ass, he could feel that familiar sensation building again.

"Scott cum in me, I want to feel you cum in my ass," she urged as she sensed his imminent ejaculation.

He made one final push and held himself tight against her buttocks as spurt after spurt shot in to the rectum. He groaned aloud as he filled her ass with hot cum. Gina groaned too feeling the warm liquid shoot and fill the anal passage. They stayed coupled tightly together as she used talented sphincter muscle to milk every drop from his shaft. 

"Oh that was wonderful! I am so glad that you could cum so much again. I love it when my ass is full of cum," she exclaimed.

Scott leaned over her keeping his cock deep in her ass and grabbed Gina's breasts. He played with the rock hard nipples as he massaged the lovely firm tits. They stayed like that for several minutes and then his cock softened and slipped from her bottom. They both sighed and then collapsed forward on the bed. They held to each other as lovers should after incredible sex. She held his soft cock in her delicate hand and he reciprocated by holding her flaccid member. Gina had handled Scott's cock with ease as she was used to being fucked with a big dick. 

He remembered earlier how he sucked on the beautiful cock and he was drawn to it again. He slid down alongside his beautiful lover and let his mouth surround the soft cock. Scott wanted to experience the cock hardening in his mouth. He teased the pee hole with the tip of his tongue and caressed the taut soft ball sac. He swirled his tongue around the shaft in his mouth with all the proficiency of an experienced cock sucker. Gina's cock hardened and filled his mouth then he began to bob up and down on the stiff member.

"So are you ready for more my lover? Do you want more of what Gina can give you? She whispered.

Scott just nodded his head without removing Gina's cock from his mouth.

"Good because this time I am going to fuck your ass. You did such a good job fucking me that I am going to fuck you just as good," she said in her sexy voice.

Scott sensed Gina's assertiveness and change in demeanor. He knew then that he would do what she desired but he was worried about taking the big dick in his ass. He had only taken Jamie's and the Ranger's slender cocks in his ass and he was apprehensive. Gina told him to get on all fours on the bed while she retrieved the lubricant. 

"I am going to put plenty of lube in that tight asshole of yours and then fuck you silly," she whispered in his ear.

As Scott was on all fours, Gina took a hold of him by his balls and lifted him so that his ass was higher. She pushed down on his back to accentuate his ass even more, something he always did with Jamie. Then she poured the lube directly in the crack of his ass and worked it in. Gina's fingers penetrated his asshole and pushed the lube in deep. 

"I am going to stick my big hard cock in your tight ass and fuck you until I pump cum into you. Isn't that what you want?" she stated firmly.

Scott just nodded in the affirmative. He was nervous and apprehensive and just prayed that it wouldn't hurt too much. He thought back to all the asses he had fucked and how he told everyone to relax. Now it was his turn to follow his own advice as she prepared to fuck him. 

She smiled at his submission and then teased him by sliding the cock up and down between his cheeks. He felt the hard cock slide over his anus and he actually liked the feeling of the oily shaft sliding between his ass cheeks and tickling his anus. Gina gently probed his anus with the tip of the cock but did not penetrate him. Scott was getting anxious now and even though he knew there would be pain he wanted to feel her enter him. Then it happened!

Gina pushed the cock into him and he felt the head separate his anus. She was careful not to injure him and gradually fed more cock to him stopping each time letting him get used to it. Scott felt a twinge of pain each time when she went a little deeper. Her cock was bigger than the anal opening but she kept a gentle forward pressure going deeper. Scott winced and yelped in pain when the cock reached his sphincter. He panicked as he was sure that she was going to injure him if the cock went any deeper.

"Scott, relax and breathe loosen your muscles. Push as if you are having a bowel movement and relax. Just imagine how wonderful this is going to feel when I have my cock all the way inside you," she coached him.

Gina's advice helped and as he loosened his sphincter muscle, the hard prick slid all the way in. The penetration took his breath away. There was a brief sharp pain that quickly subsided and then there was a cramping and bloating feeling. As she slid the cock in and out of his ass, the cramping and bloating passed and then there was just the feeling of fullness. It was a repeat scenario from when Ranger Steve took his anal virginity.

"Oh, you did so good that I am going to reward you. I am going to fuck you just as you fucked me. You are going to love it," she announced.

With that said, she began pounding his ass. Gina's pelvis slapped against his buttocks as he was penetrated with deep, hard strong thrusts. He learned how to move his ass so that the cock bumped against his prostate increasing his own pleasure.

"Oh yes Gina fuck me. You were right it feels wonderful. Fuck me!" he called out surprised that they were his own words.

Scott couldn't explain what he was feeling as Gina fucked him hard and deep but it was pleasurable. Not in his wildest dreams did he ever think that he would be butt fucked with a cock this size and enjoy it. He wished he could see Gina fucking him as he imagined what it looked like with firm tits bouncing around and firm buttocks clenching with each thrust. His own cock was rock hard again and flopped around as she pummeled his ass. Gina did not warn him when she was about to cum. She made one final thrust and pumped his ass full of semen. Gina moaned in ecstasy as streams of cum spurted from her cock and filled his ass.

They both collapsed face down on the bed with Gina's still hard cock in Scott's ass. His anal muscles instinctively clenched and unclenched around her cock milking it dry of the love juice. Gina rolled them to their sides and kept the cock in Scott's ass. The cock felt good in his chute swimming in cum and he found it to be very erotic. She reached around and grabbed his erect cock and continued to fuck him.

Next Gina told him to lift his legs up toward his chest and as he did she maneuvered to fuck him sideways. Then she told him to roll over slowly on his back and as he did the cock stayed in his ass. He was now facing her in a missionary position with Gina between his legs and the cock still jammed up his ass.

"I want to watch your face as I fuck you again," she whispered.

She continued to fuck him and he could feel cum squishing around in his ass. Gina reached down and took a hold of his cock and jerked him off. Scott reached up and took a hold of her great tits and fondled them as she fucked him and masturbated him. Gina did not cum again but instead slipped her cock out of Scott's ass just as he ejaculated all over his chest and abs. She jerked and squeezed Scott's cock until every drop was expunged from his shaft. His body went limp and his hands dropped to his sides. She covered his body with hers sliding her firm tits up from his belly to his chest, scooping up his seed with them.
