 "It's not pretty, but I haven't had any complaints," typed the middle aged man after sending the young fellow he was instant messaging the second picture.

On the other end of the conversation, Troy Holland was staring at the picture, which was even better than the first. The 18 year old's heart was racing as he looked at the photos, and was stroking himself slowly with his pants around his ankles at the computer desk.

The first picture was nice, showing a limp cock hanging out of the fly of a pair of boxer shorts, but the second one, of the man from the neck down, was even better, and as Troy drooled over the sight of the barrel chested hirsute man, he was having trouble typing with his free hand.

"I love it, man," Troy typed, and while it was true that the man's penis was not a work of art, to Troy the beige-hued cock, uncut, veiny and very large, was more than fine. "You should see what I'm doing here."

"Probably what I'm doing looking at your picture," Frank admitted, his hand gently massaging a cock that was larger and much stiffer than it had been in the photo. 

"Not as impressive as yours is," Troy said.

"To me it is," Frank typed while staring at the picture of the lad with his long slender cock curled back onto his belly, and what hung below that prong was even more amazing. "And your balls - man, what a pair you've got on you."

"A guy told me that's why I cum so much," Troy commented, giggling as he recalled that first man who had seduced him.

"Do you shave your pubic hair?"

"No, I've got a little, but it's so blonde it doesn't show up very well in the picture," Troy explained.

"Oh yeah, I see it now," Frank responded.

"I can shave it if you want me too."

"No, I love you just the way you are," Frank explained. "You want me to shave anything?"

"NO!!!" Troy typed. "LOL! That's what got my attention from the start. Love bears like you."

"So we're on for tomorrow night?" Frank confirmed.

"Best Value Motel on Central."

"You know where it is? Sure you don't want me to pick you up?"

"No," Troy typed. "Mom might freak out. She thinks I'm staying over with a friend."

"Your Dad?"

"Doesn't exist. Least not as far as I'm concerned. You'll be my Daddy, at least tomorrow night."

"I'd be honored, although the things I want to do to you, the things we've discussed? I'm afraid they aren't very fatherly."

"You want me to call you Daddy?" Troy pecked. "I will if you want. The school guidance counselor told me I was looking for a father figure, after I flirted with him unsuccessfully."

"That would be kinky - calling you my son."

"I guess, but that's okay with me. There's a couple of relatives of mine - one that looks a little like you. A big muscular hairy guy that I've always had the hots for, but he's married. Always wondered what his cock looks like. Probably not as big as yours though. How many are? LOL!"

"If you're trying to make me want you more, you're wasting your time. You're driving me crazy."

"Wait a minute," Troy typed, and while the middle aged man waited as he looked at the screen, the young lad stroked his dick hard, spurting a load all over his bare stomach and chest, before resuming typing. 

"There. Had to get myself off because my dick was dripping all over the place. Between looking at your pictures and this chat, I was having trouble typing."

"Don't wear yourself out," Frank typed, glancing down at his own drooling member, and let go when he remembered to save his energy for tomorrow night.

"Don't worry about that man. I can cum all night. You'll probably wish I stop getting it up by the end."

"Not likely. Well, I have to get some sleep so I'll be ready. Told my wife I have to go out of town on business tomorrow. Pissed her off so I don't have to worry about her wanting some."

"You ever fuck her in the ass?"

"No, nosy boy."

"Just curious."

"By the way, I'm really happy our paths crossed, but you might want to be careful. I'm a nice guy but the rest of the world isn't, and meeting strangers in motel rooms? I'd just hate to see you get hurt."

"Thanks, but I'm covering myself. I've got our conversations filed away safely, but in case I end up dead they'll know who I met, and when you message me about what room number you get they'll know that too."

"Good boy. I don't want to see a sweet thing like you getting hurt."

"I don't mind a little pain, remember? LOL!"

"I remember everything. I'll message you with the room number tomorrow afternoon."

"Right."

"Uh, what should I call you? When we meet I mean. Your screen name LOTLIKEBEIBER?"

"I don't care. After you see me pick out a name you want to call me. I'll call you by yours, PAPABEAR. I like that."

"Chat tomorrow."

***

Frank Wilcox took a deep breath as he stared at the picture of the lad on his screen. The smooth skin, that cute penis so taut and arching and those balls hanging there in an over-sized wrinkled pouch that seemed out of place beneath the modest sized organ.

"Oh the tangled webs we weave," Frank muttered to himself as he cleared the evidence from the computer and rose, pulling up his trousers before unlocking the door of the den, hoping his wife Annie was asleep by now.

How long can I keep living a lie, he mused, although he had managed to do that for over 25 years. Stuck in a loveless marriage that had fortunately not produced any children, the only thing that made life worth living were these occasional meeting with young men.

None younger than Lotlikebeiber though. Not many 18 year old guys were interested in old guys like me, Frank admitted, and was glad that he insisted the kid send a picture of his drivers license with his birth-date on it but the picture, name and address covered up.

Was I like that at 18? Frank tried to recall those times. The horny part - sure he was, but he hadn't been interested in older men back then any more than he was now. Frank had looked older than his age all along and had been attracted to the shy and more feminine fellows.

"And what did you do? You got married," Frank mumbled at the mirror while reaching for the toothbrush. "Couldn't just admit was you were, and are."

Thank heavens for the young lad he would be meeting tomorrow, he concluded. Without that to look forward to, it would just be another Friday.

***** 

"Calm down, Frank," fifty-one year old Frank Wilcox told himself as he paced around room 124 of the Best Value Motel like a caged beast, but that was easier said than done.

After checking in and sending his young twink the room number, Frank had taken a shower because while he had taken one earlier in the day, the nervousness had him sweating like a pig and at the rate he was going he might have to take another.

Frank paused at the mirror and undid the towel around his waist, checking out the reflection that did nothing for the owner but apparently interested the cute kid on his way to see it in person.

"I like big hairy bears," Lotlikebeiber had told him, and Frank had to admit that the description fir, although the 15 or so extra pounds he had put on over the years made him feel even more lumbering on his 6'3 frame.

"He liked this too," Frank told the mirror as he reached down and gave his flaccid cock a slow pull, the over-sized cock getting slightly aroused from the attention. "They all seem to."

"And there you are!" Frank declared when he heard the knock at the door, and after securing the towel around his midsection, left the bathroom and went to the door.

***

Troy Holland was not as nervous as he had been the other times he did this, but he still had butterflies in his stomach as he tapped at the door. The other times numbered only 2, despite the claims he had made to Papabear in the e-mails.

Three men wasn't a lot, Troy mused as he waited for the door to open, but when you get a late start like he did, it's not bad. Besides, the guys he was interested in weren't all that keen on getting involved with underage kids, so it was just as well.

They don't mind if you look younger, Troy had learned, and his youthful appearance, with his dimples and light blonde hair, had certainly gotten him attention. The problem was that to meet older guys, you had to get into bars, and 18 year olds couldn't do that.

Thank heavens of the Internet, Troy concluded as he heard the door latch open, and all he could hope for was that the guy opening the door looked half as good in person as he had in that picture.

He did, at least for those brief seconds when the door opened and that big hairy bear greeted him warmly. After the mutual recognition of the faces that belonged to the bodies in the pictures, Troy took one step forward as he fainted, while his Uncle Frank reached out and caught his nephew before he hit the floor.



*****

Fainted might be an overstatement, because Troy had only blacked out for a second. Frank Wilcox had kicked the door closed and carried his brother's son over to the bed before running into the bathroom to get a wet facecloth for Troy.

When he returned Troy was sitting upright, apparently okay physically but much less so emotionally. He was crying, and the lad turned his head away when Frank sat next to him and tried to console him.

"I can't believe this," Troy sobbed. "I'm so embarrassed I could die."

"Tell me about it," Frank muttered, wrapping his arm around his nephew's shoulder, and thankfully Troy turned and buried his head on his uncle's shoulder until he ran out of tears.

"Please don't tell Mom about this," Troy said after composing himself. "She would die."

"You actually think I'm going to say something?"

"No, but - I don't know," Troy shrugged. "I just can't believe this."

"Me neither," Frank admitted.

After Frank's brother had ran out on his wife and kid, he hadn't seen Sheila and her son that much anymore, only at large family gatherings. Troy, well, Frank had suspected he might be gay, but actually seeing him like this confirmed that suspicion.

"I can't get over - I mean, not that I'm in any position to say anything, but you?" Troy said. "I never dreamed for a second that you were..."

"Gay?" Frank asked. "Well, I guess I'm good at keeping secrets, or lying as it were. I suppose that technically I'm bisexual, but I prefer men. Never had the guts to admit it so I've lived a lie all my life."

"I know Mom had no clue," Troy said. "Matter-of-fact, I think she's had a crush on you. I heard her tell Aunt Annie once that she was sorry she picked the wrong Wilcox brother."

"Turns out she would have picked a loser either way," Frank admitted, suddenly realizing that he was nearly naked, sitting only clad in a towel. "Oh well. Want to get a pizza or something?"

"Not really," Troy said. "Feel kind of weird sitting here talking like this with the stuff I said to you on the computer."

"Same here."

"You know, when we were chatting yesterday? Remember what I said?"

"You said - we said a lot," Frank chimed in.

"I know. I mean that part when we talked about my Dad."

"Hey, you have a right to be bitter. I'm not proud of what he did, and I rarely have anything to do with him," Frank said.

"Not that. I mean when we talked about being attracted to relatives," Troy said very tentatively. "And I said I was always turned on by a guy that looked a little like the picture you sent me. That relative was you."

"Troy..."

"That time at the pool party at Cousin Matt's house? When I saw you in that bathing suit? Oh man. I mean, I know you didn't know I existed, but even since then, I've had a major crush on you," Troy explained, and as he put his hand on his uncle's knee he concluded. "Way more than Mom does."

"Troy, I can't."

"You said you liked me - liked my picture," Troy said. "You said I was driving you crazy. Were you lying?"

Frank didn't answer with words, but shook his head no, and with that Troy rose to his feet and stood in front of his uncle, who sat there and took a deep breath.

"Look at me Uncle Frank," Troy said, and when Frank finally looked up at his nephew, Troy tugged his t-shirt out from his pants and slowly lifted it up over his head.

Frank watched as Troy's flat stomach came into view, and then his ribs and his pale scrawny with the tiniest pink nipples appeared as Troy's shirt when over his head, revealed armpits that were almost smooth save for little wisps of golden hairs in the center of the hollows.

Troy tossed the shirt aside and stood there, nervously shifting his weight from one foot to the other while waiting for his uncle to do something, and when no response was forthcoming, Troy whispered, "Please?" 

Frank watched his big paws trembling as he reached up and fumbled with the belt on Troy's khakis, trying to convince himself that this was no different that any of the other lads that had stood before him, but it wasn't. It was wrong what he was doing, but he couldn't stop himself.

The belt was enough of a challenge, but the button on the pants was even trickier, the tightness of the button hole and his beefy fingers making it a struggle until it finally came free. 

The zipper slid down without drama and then Troy's pants slid to the carpet. Troy reached out and put his hands on his uncle's furry shoulders to steady himself as he stepped out of his trousers, and after Frank pulled off Troy's socks he ran his hands up the slender calves, the light dusting on blonde hairs in their insides soft to the touch.

Now Frank was at eye-level to Troy's snug fitting cotton boxer briefs and the small bulge in front that bore no resemblance to what was in the picture, making Frank fear that the photo had been someone else, but after Frank's meaty fingers ran along the bulge, it started to lengthen slowly and move toward his hip.

"Wish I was bigger for you," Troy said as his hands rubbed over his Uncle Frank's furry shoulders.

"You're perfect," Frank said as the bulge continued to stiffen as it lengthened under his hand. 

"Ohh!" Troy groaned as his dick began to stiffen under his uncle's caress, and then Frank was pealing the briefs down, exposing a long prong that looked even better in person and a pair of balls that were way bigger than even his uncle possessed.

"Gorgeous," Frank declared and his grabbed the slender rod by the base and pulled it upwards to expose his nephew's balls which looked even bigger in person.

They were too big for Frank to suck on so he ran his tongue along the hairless wrinkled sac before her straightened up and bit and brought Troy's cock to his lips. Once Frank's lips touched the stiff tool they didn't stop until the ended up at the base of the stiff six inches which fit perfectly in his eager mouth.

Frank's mouth went up and down the entire length of his nephew's manhood slowly, rubbing his chin against the lad nuts before sliding his mouth back to the very tip before repeating the movement. With each oral trip down Toy's cock the boy was fidgeting more and more while running his hands through his Uncle Frank's thinning scalp.

"Uncle Frank!" Troy gasped. "Gonna make me cum!"

Frank's reaction was to leave his lips locked around the base of his nephew's arching prong

while sucking hard, his meaty hands squeezing Troy's firm ass-cheeks while drawing him tight to him.

Frank heard Troy squeal a second before he felt Troy ejaculate down his throat, and while he almost gagged on the prodigious load gushing down his throat Frank kept swallowing until Troy went limp in the mouth.

Eventually Frank took his mouth off of his nephew's dick, and limp and drained Frank was shocked at how little it had become, certainly nothing resembling what it looked like erect.

"That was awesome," Troy declared as he looked down at his Uncle, and it was like he could read his mind as he added, "Now you see why I never send anybody pictures of it soft. I'd never meet anybody."

"I don't know about that," Frank said as he leaned forward to kiss the gumdrop head and hefted Troy's meaty balls which looked like they belonged on a bull. "You won't get thrown out of many beds."

Frank rose to his feet with a little help from his nephew, and Troy smiled as he looked up at his Uncle while declaring it was his turn to have fun.