 This is a true story:

I was at my day job when I received the call. It was my night job calling.

"I just want to let you know that Hank took his life last night You don't have to come in if you don't want to." said my boss.

"Oh... okay. Thanks." I replied, "I should be in still... maybe just late."

I didn't know the guy. Not at all. He'd been working the night crew for a month but never said more than ten words to anyone, regardless of how hard we tried. He was in some sort of legal problems that we later found out might have been the cause. 

I was in a situation at this point, though, that had me working an internship 10 hours a day, 4 days a week at one company and immediately going to my next job, where I worked 60 hours over 7 days a week. It was too much and I needed a break and as much as I hated using Hank's death as an excuse to get some time to myself... I decided I needed to. 

I had been with two guys (not counting some experimenting with my cousin when I was young) and around a dozen girls. I was again struggling to connect with girls in Los Angeles, due to my work schedule and living situation (with a roommate in a one-bedroom) and I was too god damn horny to have the patience to play any games. 

I explained the situation to my day-boss and said that I couldn't keep my head straight to focus on work. He understood and said to let him know if I needed anything. I rushed home and arrived to realize I had nothing to do. Shit. I was bored and thought maybe I'd start jerking off. 

I opened up Craigslist though and started looking around at various posts. I decided to put up some posts of my own. This was before we were limited to five per day. I put up various sexy, flirty ads for girls and one ad saying I was looking to suck a guy's dick... I said that he needed to be older than me but didn't specify much else. 

Soon, of course, my inbox was filled with emails. ...And, OF COURSE, it was all men. No girl ever replies to an ad ever. Even ads looking for dates. 

Various guys replied and sent me pics of their faces and dicks. I'm a strange sort of bi, apparently. Faces don't do anything for me. I mean, I have a rough understanding of what's considered ugly and what's considered attractive when it comes to men... but my tastes don't match up... and I've never seen a guys face and thought "fuck, he's hot!" while a girl's raised eyebrow can give me a boner. No. With men, it's just the dicks and their attitudes. When I see a cock, the hot ones get me hard thinking about how much they deserve a blowjob.

Well, I kept communication up with three or four guys for maybe an hour as I was trying to make my decision. Three of them were in their thirties and one was 58. The three younger guys all sent pics and were really nice, but the 58 year old wouldn't send one and said only that "Daddy has a porn room with five TV's all showing different pornos." I was intrigued by his behavior and by this room and he told me he had one bi porn he'd put on for me but the rest were gay porn for him. I didn't know... I was so close to making it happen with one of the other guys, then, suddenly, I wrote to him that I'd be right over. 

He lived fairly close, just two miles away. He was on the top floor of a 12 story apartment building. I found the address and parked a few blocks away (closest spot where I could guarantee I wouldn't be towed) and I walked over. I reached the building and dialed in the number. He buzzed me in. I got inside the building and a man followed me in. He was black, maybe 50... I waited for the elevator, I could see him looking me over in the reflection of the gold elevator doors. The elevator dinged and they opened. I stepped in and he followed. "10 please" he said. I rode up in the elevator and started getting hard as this man stood just behind me, staring at me in the elevator mirror. He had gloves on his hands and a heavy wool coat. He was so gay. He smiled at me as we reached his floor. He stepped out. "You have a good night" he said. "You too". I said as the door closed. It took everything I had to stay on course and not follow him out after such tension. 

I reached the 12th floor and the doors opened. I followed the signs toward the apartment. Two guys were chatting in the hall, blocking the hallway. They looked up at me and then to my destination and started laughing as they realized where I was going. This guy must have some reputation. I stepped between them and continued on. At this point, I found myself quite surprised as normally, I'd turn and get the fuck out of there. I must have really wanted this... or I felt empowered by all these gay eyes on me.

I reached his door and knocked. He opened up. I have never seen a place that was such a mess. Especially in such a classy building. He showed me back to the porn room, which was entirely clean. He had me step inside and get comfortable, while he went to get me a soda. "Please don't open it" I said, so self-centered that I always think someone is plotting to rape me.

The porn room was awesome. It was a large study, really. A futon sat against the wall with a small computer desk by the window. Across from the futon was a wall of bookshelves filled with books and five TV's scattered on different shelves at different heights all showing guys in various stages of fucking and sucking... and one terrible 80's porno of a woman sucking a guy who was sucking a guy. 

He came back with my soda and I finally got to really see him. He was a short, fat little man... not super fat, just stalky. I think he was 5'6 and maybe 230lbs. I don't know if I'm making this sound unappealing, but I thought he was hot. His attitude specifically. He was in shorts and a wife beater. White chest hair spilling out of the top. Balding up top... glasses. 

He brought me the soda and said "here you go, son" and he looked at me a moment. Then he said "oh, you're a cute boy, aren't you. Daddy's getting turned on." He grabbed my crotch and kissed me. Oh my god. What a forward, cocky little fat man. I was getting so hard. 

He asked what I thought of the room. I told him it was great. he started unbuttoning my shirt as we talked. "Drink your soda, boy. You need your fluids." He undid my belt and pulled it off me and then said I need to get my shoes off. I sat down and took them off as he talked a little bit. I told him the boys down the hall seemed happy for him. He told me that he was the manager of the building and they love knowing his dirty secrets... and he loves telling them to them.

I got my shoes off and he said "okay now the rest. I want to see my boy naked. Completely naked, okay?"

"Okay daddy," I said. I didn't even realize I'd said it at first. When I did, my cock got even harder. His started growing too. 

I got my pants and briefs off... even my socks. I stood in front of him as he stared at me, naked. I slid my hands down my side, past my hips, over my thighs and let them hang by my side. My dick stood straight out. 

"Come here," he said. 

I walked closer.

He reached out and grabbed my hard-on and used it as a handle, pulling me over to sit on the futon next to him. I sit there, looking at him. 

"What did you call me?" He asked.

"I called you Daddy, Dad." My cock, still in his hand, pulsed. He felt it and smiled. 

"I like my son knowing who his daddy is," he said and he leaned over and started making out with me. Here I was, a naked boy on a futon sofa, next to a fat old man in a wife beater and shorts. He reached up and played with my chest. He started pinching my nipples. He pinched them hard. Harder than I could take. I backed myself away from him, but didn't let the mood suffer.

"Daddy is so glad his boy decided to stop by". He looked up at his screens "which of these boys do you like?" I didn't like any of them, really... but didn't want to make him feel weird reminding him that I wasn't gay. 

I looked up at him. "I don't like boys, dad. I like men."

"That's a good boy," he said with a smile, "Come here and get daddy's shorts off." 

I got down in front of him and I reached up to his waist. I wanted to run my hands over his bulge first, but I had an instinct not to... that he knew what he wanted... I was there to please after all. 

I tucked my fingers into the waistband of his shorts and, as he lifted his ass up a little, I pulled his shorts down over his thighs, past his knees and took them off of his feet. I looked up to get a glimpse of what I was there for. His dick was beautiful. It was small, 5 inches at most. It was thick, though. Really, it was just a perfect size. It was smaller than mine but bigger than what i would have expected for his body size and shape.

I stroked crept my hand up to it, eager to feel the flesh against my palm. I was possessed. Never was I this eager to have a dick in front of me. I put my hand across the shaft and closed my fingers around it. I got to my feet for a second so that I could kiss him as I did it. Again, I couldn't believe it. I hated kissing men and here I was, going for a record. 

He reached down and pulled aside the sleeve-hole (if you can call it that) so that his nipple was poking out from the wife beater. He didn't even have to say it. I traced down his neck with kisses and down his chest and over to his nipple. I flicked my tongue across it and swirled it around. 

"That's a good boy," he said. 

He put his hand on my head and pushed it straight down to his dick. I nearly fell off the futon, he used such force. It's not my thing, but I really enjoyed how much control he was taking with me. 

I traced the head of his dick with my tongue and then down the length. I took one ball into my mouth and sucked for a second and then the other. Then I lifted my head back up and took the head into my mouth. I slowly started moving up and down on it, taking in more and more. I had to keep my dick out of his reach, as I knew if he'd touch it, I'd blow. (As mentioned in another story, once I cum, I'm lose interest in the whole thing). I just kept bobbing on his cock.

"That's it son, get the whole thing in there. I want you to try to touch your nose to my pelvis, okay?"

Oh my god. Lessons. I was totally in. His dick wasn't very big, though, so this wasn't very hard. I moved my head down and only had to force a half an inch to get the nose to touch. 

"Ohhh baby, keep doing that. Nobody does that," he said. Something about "nobody" turned me on even more... made me realize I was just some slut he'd picked up online.

He grabbed my head and started fucking my face. He got so fast and then stopped, I thought he was about to cum. Boy was I wrong.

He told me to lay on the floor. He got over me and started fucking down into my mouth. He reached over and played with my dick for a little but he kept saying "daddy cums first, so don't let me get you close". He kept rubbing me and then leaned down and sucked on me (I usually hate men sucking on me, but this was so hot). He took his head off, repositioned me, and went back to touching. I was getting close and swatted his hand away. 

"Daddy likes edging his boy" he said. Every now and then as he fucked my face, he'd touch the dick again.

He had me get up on the futon and lay on my back with my head leaning over so that he could fuck my throat. He was lasting forever thanks to all this changing position business. I thought I'd have to take a break. 

I sucked and i sucked him. Suddenly:

"Get back in front of me son." I got up. He sat on the futon and I got on my knees in front of him. I started licking the shaft, slurping up puddles of my own spit that I'd coated him with.

"Do you want your daddy's cum?" 

"Yes daddy", I said, lapping at his dick.

"Tell me you want your daddy's cum."

"Please daddy, I need it."

"Say I need your cum, daddy"

"Daddy, I want to taste the seed that made me," I said, (shocking myself) and suddenly took him in deep. I played with his balls and sucked furiously, putting my nose to his pelvis and as I pulled back, I felt it.

"Ooohhhh, son", he said as he shot spurt after spurt into my mouth. It was so delicious. It filled up my mouth and I drank it right down. It filled it up again, again I swallowed. I sat there slurping on it, keeping an airtight seal around it, not wanting to lose a drop. I started playing with my dick. I needed it. I needed to be touched as I swallowed the rest of his cum. Suddenly, it was done. I sucked on his softening cock, squeezing out the final milliliters of semen, as if squeezing out what's left in a tube of toothpaste. He gave me a few extra drops and I swished them around my mouth as I played with myself. I sucked on his dick, now completely limp for another few minutes as he came down off his high.

He told me to come up and have a seat. I pulled my mouth off his dick, the saddest moment of the night, and sat down next to him. 

"Don't worry, daddy's going to take care of you," he said. he got on his knees in front of me and started sucking on me again. I nearly said that I'd prefer not to be sucked, when he took his mouth off and just started stroking me. 

"Just had to get you wet son. I don't think you like being sucked on much do you?" 

"Not by men," I replied.

He smiled. "That's a good boy. Well I know what you do like."

"What's that?"

"I know you like eating cum. Which is why I'm going to feed you your load."

Oh my god, I got so close just hearing him say that. He kept stroking and all of a sudden it happened. Pleasure took me over and I felt my cum unleash. I was lost for a few seconds. He massaged it perfectly as I was cumming. I sat there, lost, when all of a sudden, he pulled me down and snapped me out of it. I looked and saw my cum all across his chest and even some on his dick. 

I immediately dove in and licked my cum off of his chest. I swallowed it up and continued down. I came to his cock and took that limp beast into my mouth sucking my cum off of it and some remaining juice from him.

"That's a good boy. Whose cum is better, son?"

"Yours, dad"

"The important thing is that you ate both loads. Daddy's proud."

I sat up and sat back against the futon. He did too. We both took a breath and relaxed. We started chatting a bit, normal chat. He told me that I was welcome back any time... that if I ever needed a place to bring a guy or a girl or if I just wanted to come and watch porn and stroke, even if he wasn't there, I was welcome to do so. 

I thanked him and kissed him and left. As the door shut behind me, the guys I'd walked past before opened their door to get a look at me. They knew what I did. I smiled at them and blew them a kiss. I took the elevator down and walked down the dark streets, got in my car and drove home. The whole way, i just thought about how hot the whole thing was and I quickly realized that, for the very first time, I wasn't disgusted with myself after sucking. I didn't hate that I did it. i didn't regret it a bit...

It was hot. Something about the roleplay and the age difference... something about it was right. 

I emailed the guy a few times to see him again. It became difficult given my work schedule and his. We had one night where we flirted by email while I was at work, waiting to leave. A doctor patient roleplay... I found myself stuck with hardons at work. I went to leave to meed him but didn't get a reply. The next morning he said he'd fallen asleep and was sorry.

Soon after there was a family emergency or something and he moved away. Sadly, I never got another shot with him. That's the only regret.