 Here is the final chapter of our story, hope you guys like it. Sorry it has been so long since I've posted. I should be posting more often now. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Ethan? What the hell are you doing here? How do you know where I live?" Mike fumed. Anthony hugged his side looking strangely at Ethan.

"Your dad told me, and I just wanted to talk to you." Ethan shrugged. He starred at Anthony as if he had a second head.

"What the hell are you looking at?" Mike snapped, and squeezed Anthony closer to his side.

"I didn't know you were seeing anyone." Ethan said quietly and shrugged.

"Maybe you didn't know because I don't talk to you anymore." Mike said sarcastically.

"Come on, Mike. Cant we just be friends like we used to?" Ethan begged.

"Uh... No?" Mike looked at him like he was crazy.

"Why not?" Ethan threw his hands up in the air.

"Maybe because you murdered my boyfriend you sick fuck." Mike yelled. Anthony put his hands on his chest and held him back.

"Mike, calm down." He stroked Mikes chest soothingly.

"I didn't! Randall did." Ethan said defensively.

"Well you sure as hell didn't do anything to stop it did you? You might as well have held the gun to his head." Mike spit at Ethan. 

"Mike at the courthouse I said I was sorry cant we be friends again?" He shrugged.

"Again, Uh.... No?" Mike growled and slammed the door in his face.

"Who the fuck does he think he is just coming over here like we are friends? What did I ever do to make that seem like it was ok? I told him I hated him and that I could never forgive him. And my dad, what gives him the right to tell that murderer where I live?" Mike fumed and paced the room. Anthony stopped him and stroked his hair.

"You need to calm down." He said quietly. Mike stared at him and sighed. He plopped down on the bed and Anthony sat down next to him.

"I know you're mad at him, you have every reason to be. But you do need to forgive him." Anthony said. "Not for him but for you." He said when Mike opened his mouth to object.

"All of this hate will just eat you up inside, Mike. I know. I used to hate people who weren't like me. I hated them for not getting sick, for not looking like this, for hating me. For years it destroyed me. I was miserable, angry, I didn't want to be around anyone. And then one day I forgave myself. It wasn't my fault I got sick. I forgave the people who taunted and hated Infected people. I feel so much better since I let go of all that hate. I was able to move on. And find love." Tony smiled and took Mikes hand and gave it a gentle squeeze.

"Its not that easy, Tony. He beat Alex. He did and said horrible things to him. You weren't there, you didn't know about the nightmares and the nights of crying or how he was always looking over his shoulder." Mike shook his head and sighed.

"I may not have been there but I know what he was going through. I was having the same problems. He was lucky enough to have someone like you to help him through it." Anthony sighed. He stroked Mikes cheek.

"I'm sure you haven't forgiven me for what I did to Alex. But doesn't if feel better now that you are starting to?" He asked. Mike looked into his yellow eyes and saw only concern and love there.

"Yes, it does."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Ethan shoved his hands in his pockets and walked out of the dorms. Mike didn't know how bad he felt about what had happened to Alex. Yeah, he didn't like the guy but he never wanted him to get seriously hurt. You always hear about those statistics about bullying and how bad it is and how kids commit suicide and all that. But you never actually see it for yourself, at least not if your lucky. He just needed someone to talk to. Lately he had been having feelings he didn't understand. Ethan sat on the steps to the building and sighed.

"Are you alright?" He heard a delicate voice ask. He looked up from his hands and saw a small boy with blonde hair. He held a book bag that was strapped around his shoulder and across his chest. His head was turned to the side and he had a worried look on his face.

"Yeah, thanks. Just having a bad day I guess." Ethan shrugged.

"It happens, things will get better." The boy smiled, showing a row of white teeth.

"I don't think so, my best friend hates me." Ethan sighed. The boy fought for a moment.

"Two of my best friends just got into a fight and they made up." The boy sat on the steps with Ethan. Ethan looked at him for awhile before speaking.

"Thanks." He said, and smiled at the boy.

" I'm Chris by the way." Chris smiled and stuck out his hand.

"Ethan." He smiled.

"So if your friend hates you then why are you here? If you don't mind me asking." Chris asked.

"I don't know.... I just need a friend right now." Ethan sighed.

"I'll be your friend." Chris beamed. Ethan looked up at him.

"You don't even know me." He said.

"There was a time when you didn't know your best friend wasn't there?" Chris smiled and nudged his shoulder. Ethan laughed.

"True, true." He nodded.

"So, Ethan. Why is your friend mad at you?" Chris asked.

"His last boyfriend and I didn't get along. Seems he has a new one." Ethan shrugged.

"Then what is the problem? If he isn't with his old boyfriend then shouldn't you two be friends again?" Chris didn't seem bothered by Ethan mentioning that his best friend was gay.

"He blames me for his boyfriend dying." Ethan sighed. Chris looked shocked.

"Wait.... Your Ethan..... THE Ethan?!" Chris shouted.

"Do I know you?" Ethan raised an eyebrow.

"You were friends with Mike..." Chris asked hesitantly.

"Yeah, you know him?" 

"He is my best friend." Chris said.

"Oh, well... Bye." Ethan stood and walked off.

"Wait, where are you going?" Chris asked.

"I figured since you are a friend of Mikes you wouldn't want anything to do with me." Ethan sighed.

"Thats not true. I told you I would be your friend and I'm a man of my word." Chris smiled.

"And what is Mike going to say about that?" Ethan asked. Chris thought for a moment.

"Who says he has to know?" He smiled.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Over the next few weeks Chris and Ethan got to know each other. Chris discovered that Ethan was struggling with being gay and he had wanted to talk to Mike for advice. He heard Ethan's side of the story about what happened to Alex and had made it clear that he didn't know who was right, and he didn't care. They had struggled to keep the secret from Mike but every time Chris had to lie to him he felt the guilt eating away at his stomach. Anthony had gotten Mike out more and into the clubs with him. And Mike had been trying to come to terms with Anthony's assault on Alex.

" We should watch a movie tonight." Ethan said over the phone.

"I'm hanging out with Tony and Mike tonight or I would." Chris replied.

"Oh, alright. But I'll see you later right?" Chris could hear the hope in Ethan's voice over the phone. He had been lonely after what had happened with Alex. No one wanted to be friends with a murderer.

"Of course." Chris smiled. As the weeks went by he was feeling more and more attracted to Ethan.

"Great, I'll call you later." Ethan said and hung up. 

Chris arrived at the club he had originally met Mike at and searched for his friends. He saw Mike and Tony, grinding on the dance floor, and several jealous onlookers around them. He walked up and was greeted by a smile from both of them and began dancing. After three songs they were out of breath and stopped to get a drink. 

"So where have you been, dear Christopher? We hardly see you anymore. Got a secret man we don't know about?" Tony asked raising his eyebrows.

'Yes.' He wanted to say.

"No." He did say.

"Then what have you been up to?" Mike asked.

"I just made a new friend." Chris shrugged.

"Replacing us I see." Tony shouted over the music.

"You know I could never replace you two goobers." Chris smiled and Mike ruffled his hair.

"So who is this guy?" Mike asked once he let go of Christopher's head.

"Uh, you don't know him." Chris said and avoided their eyes.

"Chris you know you are an awful liar." Mike got serious.

"I am not." Chris said, angry.

"Yes you are." Tony and Mike said at the same time. Chris frowned and pouted while sipping his drink.

"Come on tell me, Chris. I thought we were friends." Mike said as the song ended.

"We are friends." Chris said.

"Then why cant you talk to us?" Tony questioned.

"It's Ethan alright!" He shouted. A few people starred but most weren't paying attention.

"What?!" Mike shouted. Tony sighed and put his hands on Mikes shoulders.

"Babe, calm down." He whispered in his ear.

"No, what the fuck do you mean its Ethan?" Mike pushed Tony's hands off his shoulders.

"I saw him coming out of your place and talked to him. He was just sitting there looking like he was about to cry. I talked to him and I didn't know who he was until he mentioned his friend being mad at him because of his last boyfriend, I put two and two together and figured it out." Chris said.

"And?" Mike asked. The anger was clear on his face.

"I told him I would be his friend, and I cant just take that back because you don't like him, Mike. He is lonely and he is really confused right now." Chris said.

"Confused about who he is going to murder next maybe." Mike said sarcastically.

"How about you stop being such an asshole and think about him for a second? He lost his best friend to an infected person, he didn't understand and he was scared, now he is struggling with being gay and he just needs someone to talk to." Chris shouted at Mike. 

"Guys how about we take this somewhere else." Tony said. More people were staring now and Mike turned and stormed out of the club. Chris followed with Tony close behind.

"How could you do this to me Chris?" Mike asked once they were outside.

"Do what? Try and help someone who is lonely and confused. Sorry!" He said sarcastically. 

"You don't know what he did to Alex." Mike shouted.

"No I don't, I wasn't there and I'm not picking sides. But from what both of you have told me, Randall was the one to pull the trigger, Mike. Not Ethan. Yes he did some wrong things, but murder wasn't one of them." Chris shouted.

"But he didn't do anything to stop it did he?" Mike cried back.

"Neither did you!" The silence was sudden as Mike looked shocked at Chris. Chris covered his mouth and Tony starred at the ground silently.

"Mike I didn't-"

"Save it." Mike said and stormed off. Tony looked after him and then looked back at Chris and shook his head before chasing after Mike.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"I cant believe I said that." Chris cried into Ethan's shoulder. Ethan stroked his back gently and tried to quiet his sobs.

"I didn't mean to cause problems for you." Ethan whispered. Chris pulled away from his chest and looked up at him.

"Its not your fault, Mike is being an asshole and just cant accept that what happened to Alex was no ones fault but Randall's. He is just angry at everything." Chris sighed. Ethan tipped his head up with his finger and claimed his lips lovingly. Chris gasped as Ethan explored his mouth with his warm tongue. 

"Ethan..." 

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that." Ethan sighed after he pulled away.

"Do it again." Chris said and pulled Ethan back down to his lips. Ethan pinned him to the bed and plundered his mouth greedily.

Chris whimpered beneath him and spread his legs willingly. Ethan grasped at his cock through his tight jeans and massaged him gently. Chris moan and kissed Ethan harder.

"Fuck girls." Ethan whispered. Chris laughed.

"I hope not." The two looked at each other and Ethan pulled his shirt off to reveal Chris' hard nipples. He took one into his mouth and gave it a thorough treatment.

"For never having done this, your really good." Chris arched his back to push his nipples further into Ethan's loving mouth.

"I watched a lot of movies." Ethan smiled and blushed.

"Thank god for movies." Chris rolled them over so he straddled Ethan's waist and began rocking back and forth on his hard cock.

"Shit." Ethan grunted and pushed Chris off to unbutton his pants. Chris pushed his hands away, once his pants were off, and pulled down his boxers with his teeth. Ethan's hard cock sprang forward and slapped his stomach loudly. Chris took his cock into his hands and sucked lovingly on the head. Ethan thrusted his hips up and pushed Chris' head down. Chris gagged but quickly adjusted and began sucking on his cock with renewed passion. 

"Damn, Chris. Suck it baby." He grunted and held Chris' head down, though the boy needed no more encouragement. He pulled his head off the swollen cock and looked up at Ethan.

"I want you to fuck me." He said. His face was flushed with heat and a string of drool went from his pink lips to the head of Ethan's cock. 

"Do you have any stuff baby?" Ethan stroked the side of his face. Chris nodded and reached over to his nightstand and pulled out a tube of lube and a package of condoms. He ripped the package open with his teeth and quickly rolled it onto Ethan's cock. Ethan took the bottle of lube and motioned for Chris to turn around.

Chris bent over and showed his tiny asshole to Ethan. Ethan rubbed the globes of his ass tenderly before pour some of the lube down Chris' crack and rubbing it into his puckered hole. Chris moaned and humped back on Ethan's finger. Ethan let him finger fuck himself for a moment before he removed the digit and got positioned behind Chris. 

"Do it, please." Chris begged and wiggled his ass. Ethan took his hips and positioned his cock at Chris' warm opening. He began slowly pushing in and Chris moaned and sighed. Soon Ethan was buried all the way in and stopped to let Chris adjust.

"Oh god, so full." Chris moaned. 

"You like that, baby? You want me to move?" Ethan asked. Chris nodded his head franticly. Ethan pulled all the way out and thrusted deep inside Chris. Chris gasped and pushed back on Ethan's cock. Soon they had their own rhythm going and were building towards an explosive climax. 

"Oh shit, oh god. Fuck me please!" Chris shouted. Ethan slammed into Chris once more before crying out his release. Chris cried out and his cum covered the sheet and his stomach. The two collapsed as Ethan's cock slipped out of Chris' spent hole.

"Who knew you had such a dirty mouth, baby." Ethan smiled. Chris smiled back and rolled into Ethan's chest. Before falling asleep.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Mike you cant choose who Chris is friends with." Tony said. Mike paced the floor.

"But Tony!"

"Dont 'But Tony' Me." Tony said calmly.

"Its Ethan for Christ sake!" Mike shouted.

"Michael you listen and you listen right now, god damn it. Chris is a grown man and can pick who he wants as his friends regardless of what history you two have. Chris is your best friend and you love him. IF you want to keep him as a friend, you need to shut the fuck up and deal with this bullshit. It doesn't matter what history you and Ethan have, what matters is that Ethan makes Chris happy and you are going to suck it up and deal with it!" Tony shouted, pointing his finger in Mikes face. By the time He was finished Mike was on the bed, backed up against the wall with a fuming Tony standing over him.

"Understood?" Tony said.

"Yes, sir." Mike said meekly. 

"Good. Now, you are going to go over to Chris' tell him you are sorry. And make up." Tony dropped his finger away from Mikes face.

"I'm not saying you have to be friends with the guy but you have to at least be civil with him." Tony sighed and hugged Mike.

"I'll try baby." Mike whispered. "I'll try."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Two months later the two couples sat at a table in their favorite diner.

Chris fed Ethan tiny bites of his meal and Tony slapped Mikes hand away from his ass.

"Can you keep your hands to yourself just long enough for us to eat, please?" Tony sighed. Mike thought for a moment.

"Hmmmm, it will be a challenge but I'll try for you babe." Mike sighed and gave Tony's ass one last pinch.

"Ow." Tony sulked and rubbed his ass. Mike chuckled and nuzzled his neck.

"Happy birthday, Ethan." Tony said and handed Ethan a present. 

"You didn't have to do this, Tony." Ethan said and looked down a the present.

" Its from me and Mike." Tony said. Mike looked away when Ethan looked at him. Ethan opened it silently and saw a picture of Mike and Ethan as kids.

"Hey, I remember when we took this." Ethan smiled.

"It was a six years before Alex." Mike said.

"Thank you, Mike." Ethan said. Mike just nodded silently. Tony kissed Mike on the temple and Ethan wrapped his arm around Chris' shoulders. The two couples sat silently, content in the peace they finally had reached.

~~~~~~~~~~~ 

And there is our ending for our boys. I hope you guys liked this, if not.... Go read something else I'm moving on ;)I'm sorry it has been so long since ive posted but life got in the way (Silly Life) But I should be back to posting more often. I really hope it didnt feel to rushed, but I do have a short attention span and I was surprised I stayed with this story for this long. It is a weakness of mine and I just hope it doesnt turn people away from my writing. 