 I left the head nurse's room and quickly climbed another flight of stairs. The ICU was, as the head nurse said, easily identifiable from the rest of the wards. It had two doors probably to maintain the temperature. I walked up to the roster sheet hung on the second door which gave details of patients, doctors and nurses. Vishwas Matre was listed as bed number 18. When I entered the ICU I could feel the chill. I could hear the signals from various monitoring machines as I passed the beds. I found that bed number 18 was at the end of the room. There were only a few medical professionals, and the nurses in the ICU seemed more alert as well as stressed than the ones on the ground floor. Each bed had a partition and curtains were draped around most beds. When I reached Vishwas' bed I first peered in between the curtains. Vishwas was awake though slightly drowsy. But he recognised me and smiled. A nurse followed me and placed a pyjama on the bed.

"Just help him put on this," she said with practiced politeness. She left after drawing the curtain behind her. I first went up to Vishwas and placed my palm on Vishwas forehead.

"Thank you for coming..."

I moved my hand below to Vishwas' mouth before he could complete his sentence. I kissed Vishwas' eyes and his cheek.

"I am happy to see that you are alive, darling. I have already lost a friend in a bike accident earlier. I wouldn't say this to my girlfriend but you are someone more important than girlfriends," I was genuinely pleased to see Vishwas in good shape. My earlier visit to the hospital to see a friend caught in a road accident almost three months ago was much less savoury. He had broken bones, head injuries from which he never recovered and a full body bandage. The doctor even went to the extent of saying he didn't know where to start treatment. The memory of Hardhik in the ICU was etched in my memory.

Vishwas had longing in his eyes when he looked at me for a long while and I did not suspect anything more in it. Then his eyes welled up. I smiled instinctively and for no reason.

"Take it easy, darling. Nothing much has happened to you that you have to be so emotional," I said curbing a lump in my throat. There was absolutely no reason for both of us to be acting in such sentient manner, but it was happening all the same. I then took a seat on the bed when Vishwas gestured me to sit beside him. Sitting on the patient's bed was not allowed in the ICU, but I thought I would risk the beautiful nurses' bad temper as that would add to the emotional appeal of the day.

I changed Vishwas' pants without any event, except that when I removed his underwear and looked at his junk he had a naughty smile on his face. He also had a half erect dick, and that was the second time I was witnessing such an inviting situation. And when I was pulling his pyjama up, for the second time I instinctively felt his dick and balls with both my hands. Vishwas did not react to my sexual indiscretion. Instead he slightly spread his legs to make it more inviting. I played with his tool for a long time and tidied up his pubic hair which had got entangled with the mushroom head of his dick.

"If you want me to wax your pubic hair I can do that with Veet cream. It is easy and painless," I said.

"Oh I will need to do that, Ravi. I don't know what to do with the tuft of hair all around my dick and balls. I hate pubic hair. I find the shaven pubic of models in porn films very clean and sexy."

I was not sure if he was talking about male or female models. I laughed out loud listening to the sexual fantasies of someone who is lying in an ICU. Sex is such a basic instinct that even death cannot affect its manifestation. I rubbed his dick some more time and it became absolutely erect. Vishwas' dick, balls and the entire groin were fair in colour just like his facial skin. It was soft all over and I knew he was a virgin. He had not yet fucked anyone yet, and the desperation was written all over his dick. It was only 5 inch in length but very thick, much thicker than mine. I wondered when will I get a chance to suck it. I wanted to at least kiss his dick and balls but I kept that for another day. I pulled up his pyjama and fastened the strings. I had to pull up the thick blankets over him just to hide his erection.

"Am I falling in love with you?" Vishwas asked innocently. He was actually quite innocent, but being three years older than him and not used to such straight-talking of the new generation I felt squeamish. "I don't have anyone, I am all alone in Mumbai," he added with chagrin.

I only smiled at him, but Vishwas held my hand and pulled me towards him. I looked back at the curtains to see if they were drawn well enough to hide whatever was going on here. I drew my face close to his as if to kiss his cheeks. But Vishwas held his face towards me to align my lips with his. I kissed him for a long time, please which was wet and passionate. You should always impress your date with the first kiss. A good kiss, I have always observed, is half the battle won. But as always, I was not sure if a kiss on the lips can be taken to logical conclusions. I am always careful to a fault in this matter. I have even lost a few opportunities to lay guys in the past but I have no regrets because it is better to be safe than sorry.

I left Vishwas pining for more, but it was late in the night and visitors are not allowed for more than half hour in the ICU. I left for home that night knowing well that I had built a new friendship which was going to last for a long time. The best thing about Vishwas was that he was good-natured, good to look at and had a lot of passion. We had spoken so much about sex when we had drinks together afterhours. I often wondered if his sex drive was a little over the top, or was it just his age that had a telling effect on his temperament. I remember he once kept looking at a 30-year old woman who was newly married and had come to the restaurant with her husband. We both were seated diagonally opposite them. Vishwas was lost in his own fantasy world and had spoken very little to me for over an hour at the restaurant until he finally decided to go to the washroom and jerk off. When he came back to the table looking so relieved he told me about the girl sitting opposite with her husband whom I had even failed to notice. The girl was just ordinary looking with large knockers, which for all one knows, were being well massaged by her husband as they were still in their honeymoon phase.

Well to be fair to Vishwas I often thought about how he would look when he was naked in bathroom or when he would masturbate on the bed. Today finally I got to see him naked and what a bod. The moment I reached home, I stripped naked, held my boner with one hand and massaged my balls with the other. There is nothing like the luxury of jerking off in the confines of our own house when you are living alone. I am good at stop and go, and can even keep masturbating for 40 minutes before finally cumming. I licked every part of Vishwas in my fantasy and spend a lot of time exploring his arse crack with my tongue. I well knew it would all come true very soon, it was just a matter of a few days. But how would I be able to do it in an ICU of a hospital remained an enigmatic question.

The next four days I was caught up in office and did not get a chance to meet up with Vishwas at all. Work had piled up as an entire sales team of the bank's credit card division was sacked overnight for bad performance and some scandal. I was least interested in the scandal. The only thing that would occupy my mind everyday was how to complete my work quickly and go to the hospital to see Vishwas. But in the last three days I barely got to sleep in the office for about five hours. I am a guy who needs eight hours of contended sleep everyday. But man proposes, Shailesh disposes. At the end of the fourth day, I had made up my mind that I would go and meet Vishwas under any circumstances. More than my head and heart the dick was telling me that if "you cannot meet Vishwas today, then it is better to resign and find another job."

I left office at about 8 pm and drove to the hospital. Ever since I last saw Vishwas at the hospital I could not even talk to him on the phone as mobile phones were not allowed in the ICU even for the doctors.

When I entered the hospital foyer two nurses gave me a smile as if I was a familiar face. I only reciprocated in an impersonal way, nothing more nothing less. Somehow the new found friendship with Vishwas was making me disregard any overtures by girls. There was only a single receptionist today on duty and she seemed a little harassed by the work load. She was trying to read a few papers and she was also attending to two calls. But when she saw me approaching her desk she gestured to me to go up to the first floor. I winked at her, and took to the two flights of stairs to reach the first floor. At the first floor I saw the head nurse looking expectantly at me. She had seen me in the array of CCTV monitors on her large desk.

"You have been away from your friend for so long. Where were you? He does not have any one else to take care of him, Mr Menon," she said with what I suspected to be laced with sarcasm. Probably she thought I was avoiding my friend. I did not give her any explanation. I only asked about Vishwas.

"He is doing well. We have shifted him to a private room. He might have to be in the hospital for a few more days. He keeps asking us about you all the time. You seem to be his best friend, " she said.

"Yeah, you can say that again. In which room is he now," I asked cutting to the chase.

"He is in room 406 on the fourth floor. You can go there directly if you take the elevator."

The elevator took about five minutes to come and finally I reached 406 with some desperation to see Vishwas. I didn't knock the door. I just barged in. I saw Vishwas lying on the bed with both his hands wrapped in POP. The moment I opened the door he opened his eyes. He looked at me for a long while and then his face crumpled and he started to cry. I rushed to him and took him in my arms with enough care to keep his hands unmoved. Even I could not control my feelings. I held him tight for a long time. His hands were on the bed.

"Why did you not come to see me all these days," he said in between sobs. "I was waiting for you. I told you I have no one else. Not one colleague in the office came to see me all these days. I thought even you had given up on me."

"No. dear. I was just caught up in work because Shailesh has sacked the entire credit card sales department. I thought of you every moment, darling. I love you."

"I love you, Ravi. I can't live without you. You are the only one who cares for me. Please don't ever leave me in a hospital bed, I can't bear it."

We then exchanged a lot of notes of what happened in the office and the hospital, and both of us had our own take on why things happen in a particular way. Time passed and it was 10 by the time we had finished the four-day review. Ravi had dinner at 7 as that was the time when it was served to patients in the hospital. I went out for a few minutes to have dinner at the hospital cafeteria. I came back to his room by about 10:30. Then something strange happened. Vishwas asked me if he can say something intimate to me. I acquiesced without giving it a thought.

"Ravi, I want you to do something for me. If you agree just do it, but if you don't then just forget that I ever said anything to you. Is that a promise?"

I almost could guess what was coming. I looked at both his hands wound in POP. I agreed to do anything for him.

"Ravi, just switch off the light and lock the door first."

I immediately went and locked the door. He waited for me to switch off the light but I didn't. I came and sat beside him.

"Okay, Ravi, can you please masturbate me. I have been having a hard time for the last two days. I want to jerk off but both my hands are invalid now. I keep fantasising about you and get a full fledged erection when the girl who comes to give me a sponge bath. She takes a long time to wash my groin. She is crazy about my dick. Now she gives me a sponge bath twice a day. But she does not know that I have a crush on you and not her."

I laughed out loud at his predicament. I placed my hand on his crotch and felt his dick. I tried to grab his balls which was easy with the hospital's thin uniform. I then kissed his crotch for a long time over the pyjama. I didn't have to inhibited by uncertainty any more. His dick was not only aroused but it had a dark wet patch over his crotch area of the pyjama. I untied his pyjama string and pulled it down. His dick was double the size of mine and it also appeared ready to erupt any moment. I did not touch his dick. I just massaged his thighs and balls, and even passed my fingers over his arse-crack. Vishwas was on a trip. I was worried that his moans would get out of the room. But any way it was too late for anyone to notice. Instead of masturbating him, I just took his dick in my mouth. It was smelling of soap as the girl had given him a sponge bath a hour ago. In less than five minutes he came with loads of cum. I licked some of it and then took the small towel hanging near the bed and wiped all the cum. Before pulling up his pyjama. I sprinkled some water on his crotch and wiped it again clean so that there was no evidence of what had happened. Vishwas was looking contended. I was filling full as well, and exhaled a long burp. That usual happens when I suck anyone's cock. Probably men's cum is highly acidic. But today was even more passionate because I was in love with Vishwas. There was a knock on the door. I looked at my wrist watch, it was 12.30 am. I opened the door and the head nurse ambled into the room.

"So how are you both doing?" she asked.

I was wondering what kind of question is that. I looked at VIshwas to find out if he was surprised. He looked blank and clueless, but he was also a bit flustered. The head nurse had a wide smile on her face. She pointed to a small black bulbous structure under the table pointing towards the bed. I stood there frozen. Vishwas was also shaken, he was on the verge of passing out.

"We have that thing under the table to monitor the patient, and I saw what happened here a few minutes ago," she said turning around and sashaying out of the room. "Don't worry, keep the good thing going," she yelled from the hallway. I looked at Vishwas and winked at him. He smiled with a shrug.