 Darkness hung over the room like a thick, warm, blanket as I lay there naked in the bed with only a rumpled sheet for cover. The light coming from underneath the closed bathroom door was the only light in the room and the sound of a running shower was heard coming from behind that same door. As my eyes began to focus somewhat I tried desperately to make out my surroundings. Where was I? How did I end up here? And most importantly, why was I lying naked in a strange bed???

The sound of the shower being turned off served to snap me back to reality and I realized that someone, whomever was in there, was now done with their shower and perhaps they would be able to answer my questions. The sound of someone moving around in the bathroom made me want to go over and open the door but I still couldn't make out enough of the dimly lit room to see my clothes and I wasn't about to go naked to the bathroom to see who was in there. The muffled sound of a man coughing came from the bathroom and this new tidbit of knowledge didn't serve to make me feel any better about my situation. 

How did I get here, and why in the world would I be in a bed naked with some man in the bathroom, I thought to myself. Once again I began to look about the room hoping to see anything that looked like clothes or even a door out of here but I just couldn't make anything out. My heart was beating a bit faster and a nagging feeling was haunting me that this situation wasn't a good one. 

Suddenly the bathroom door flung open flooding the room with light. I raised my hand over my eyes to shield them somewhat from the brightness and strained to get my first look at the only other occupant in the space. There he was, a rather large man about 6 feet or so with a slight belly drying his balding head with a towel. I suddenly realized that the towel was all he was wearing. He too was totally naked.

Oh, your finally awake, he said in a deep ominous sounding voice. I rubbed my eyes and blinked hoping to adjust my eyes to the light streaming in the room from behind him and responded. "Yeah I am, but who are you and where am I?" The large man laughed loudly and said "Shut up bitch!" as he lunged across the room and hit me across the cheek with the back of his hand!

POW!, Bright lights went off in my head as I fell back onto the bed striking my head on the headboard as I fell. But before I could even yelp in pain the big man grabbed my right arm and deftly flipped me onto my stomach and began tying my wrist to a leather strap which he then secured under the bed somewhere I couldn't see.

Hey! I yelled, "What are you trying to do?" A sharp pain flooded my already aching head and blackness covered my existence... 

Pressure pushing down onto me, a heavy weight on my back legs draws me back into consciousness. Instinctively I try to move my arms and legs but it seems while I was out the big man has securely tied me down so I can not move more then a few inches in any direction. The feeling of a cool slick substance being rubbed into the crack of my ass makes me draw my butt cheeks inward. 

I hear the stranger laugh and push his hand in between my butt cheeks and run one finger around my asshole. I try to move away from this hand and I feel his hand slide down between my legs to my balls. I push my body toward the man's hand almost without thinking as my flaccid penis begins to stir to life. "Oh, so you do like men playing with you down there huh?" The gruff voice of the strange man echoes in my head. "NO! NOoooo I don't like it" I cry into my pillow which is pressed into my face from the way my hands and feet are tied down to the bed.

The stranger forces his hand underneath me and encases my small semi-soft penis in his slick hand and begins to rub the lubricant up and down the shaft of my penis and despite my best efforts to the contrary my cock begins to stir. Once again the man laughs loudly and speaks. "You sissy boys are all alike, you tease me with your bodies and then you deny you want it but your bodies don't lie." The man lays on top of me putting his lips so close to my ear I can feel them as he whispers into my ear: "You know you want me to fuck you and that is exactly what I intend to do!!!"

As the words flash across my brain I begin to struggle against my bonds trying to get free. Something in my head tells me this man is serious and I am about to become the girl in a sexual encounter with him. As I struggle against my captor he laughs again and pushes himself up and off of me and goes back to roughly smearing the cool lubricant into my asshole forcing first one and then two fingers inside of me, spreading them apart to stretch my asshole. Once he seems satisfied with the amount of lube in my ass, he gets up and move over to the side of the bed and begins to stroke his penis with the same well lubed hand while thrusting his cock towards my face. I want to look away but for some reason I can't help but stare at his circumcised penis as it becomes engorged with blood from the workout his hand is giving it.

I realize that this rather large object will soon be inserted into my ass if I don't figure out a way out of this mess. My mind begins to race trying to come up with a way out, but I know my attempts will all be for naught as the leather ties on my wrists and ankles only seem to tighten with each tug against them. After a few more seconds of masturbation toward my face the stranger steps out of my line of sight and then I feel the end of the bed sag downward as he climbs onto the bed between my spread eagle legs. I feel the massive weight of his 200 plus pound body pressing onto me as his rough hand spread my cheeks and his erect penis presses urgently into my asshole. 

I scream loudly Noooooooooooo!!! But it's too late as I feel my asshole give way to the pressure and his cock pops into my rectum. Another sharp pain floods my body as the strangers engorged cock enters my helplessly stretched asshole. I scream into the pillow pressed against my face and desperately try to move in a way to disengage this man's cock from inside of me but he is just too heavy and my arms and legs are tied too tightly.

The man presses down onto my body impaling me deeply with his cock and rubs the side of my face with his stubbly chin then whispers into my ear: " Scream and fight me all you want too, I love fucking the wild sissy boys the best!" 

Slowly at first, then with ever increasing rapidity, the stranger withdraws and reinserts his cock into my body, pulling it almost all the way out and then thrusting it back deep inside of me to what seems like the very core of my being. His breath smells awful and the heat in the room along with the exertion makes him just sweaty enough to cause our bodys to stick together almost as if we are becoming so intertwined that we are truly becoming one mound of flesh as he mercilessly fucks me in my asshole.

I close my eyes tightly hoping to somehow shut off what is happening to my body and somehow endure the ravages of his attack, but as I close my eyes and try to move inside my head I become aware of a funny, warm feeling in the pit of my stomach. It is welling up inside of me with each thrust of his penis into my ass, slowly it moves up into my chest and down into my loins and I become aware that my nipples are suddenly very sensitive and my penis is becoming erect from the thrusts of the man pushing me into the now sweaty bed. 

I scream inside my head: "Nooooo! This can't be happening to me!!!" But even as that very thought flashed across the synapses of my brain my body is coming alive under the ministrations of this man's cock inside my body. My own cock is now swollen and turgid. My body is betraying my mind and suddenly without warning I find myself bucking my body backward to meet the stranger's cock now fucking me harder and faster with each passing moment.

Almost as suddenly as the pain in my ass began it subsided and now I become aware of just how smooth and soft the flesh of his penis is as it slides deftly in and out of my ass. The feeling of his penis thrusting in and out of me, the fullness of it pressing inside of me causing my cock to swell. Each time the stranger presses down on to me and his cock plunged deeper into my rectum I feel my own cock rub against the sheets of the bed and I become more and more excited.

Here I am in a strange room on my stomach with a strange man's cock deep in my ass, being fucked by a man and I was loving it!. Sweat is pouring off both of us now as he pushes into me and I push backward into him straining to get more of that smooth feeling cock into my body. I could hear the sound of our flesh slapping together with each thrust of his cock into me. I knew it wouldn't be long before he made me cum.

Both of us were pushing toward each other harder and our breathing was getting pretty ragged. This strange man was fucking my ass like a wild animal, grunting and pushing...pushing and grunting. The warm sensation that had flooded my body earlier returned again but this time it washed over my body in wave after wave of pleasure. I raised my head up from out of the pillow and screamed at the top of my lungs: "Oh Gawwwwd I think I am gonna CUMMMMMM!!!"

That was all it took, the last vestige of manhood was gone from the corners of my mind. Suddenly I was bucking wildly toward the cock inside of me; whimpering and moaning as my body began to shake uncontrollably. I could feel my rectum begin to contract as if it was trying to pull his cock deeper inside of me. 

My body was so alive and sensitive that I swear I could feel his cock beginning to swell and quiver inside the warm, moist love tunnel he had now created inside my rectum. Then suddenly with a loud grunt and one last push I could feel his penis shoot its load into me. The weight of his body on top of me increases as he lost control and pressed down onto me as his cock shot streams of semen into my now willing body. 

The stranger laid his head close to my ear and I could hear his breathing and smell his fowl breath but somehow I was happy he was on me and still had his rapidly deflating cock inside of me. I looked toward him and he smiled at me and said: " I always love breaking you sissy boys in. You may put of a fight at first but in the end you always love getting a big dick stuck up your ass!" With that the man got off of me and stumbled back toward the bathroom. 

The strangers words rolled around my head as I watched his silhouette move away. His limp cock dangling between his thighs swaying as he moves teasing me from afar. I become aware of his cum leaking out of my now stretched asshole as in my head a battle rages: part of me saying I am a man and I am supposed to fuck others but a new part of me was now alive and that part knew what it was to be pleasured by a thick, hard cock. This part of me wanted the feeling of a silky smooth skinned turgid penis thrusting in and out of me, making me feel things I had never felt before. Things I knew I wanted to feel again...things I would feel again as soon as the stranger was able.