 I had managed to avoid Nate since the threesome I had with him and Kim a couple of weeks before. Although I had fun, I just couldn't face him after the way the night ended. I had only seen Kim in passing at work and she seemed as embarrassed as I by the events of that night. Still, I was especially plagued by my memories of that night and still couldn't believe that I had actually sucked another guy's cock. As a result, I had become quite the man-whore over the last few weeks; essentially fucking any woman I could find just to prove to myself that I wasn't gay. I had managed to get six different women into bed over that time but still couldn't get the image of being on my knees licking and sucking Nate's huge dick out of my head. 

One morning at the gym, as I was running on a treadmill, I noticed Nate walk through the door. As he made his way back to the free weights, our eyes met and he just gave me the same cocky grin he had while I was sucking his and Kim's juices off his cock. I quickly looked in the other direction, still embarrassed over what I had done. Still, I knew I had to get back into my daily routine so I couldn't let him keep me from doing my workout. 

After finishing on the treadmill, I walked over to that section of the gym and watched as Nate worked out. His muscles shining already as pushed 75 lb dumbbells over his head effortlessly. I tried to think about anything else and do my own work but I kept catching myself watching him as he worked. A couple of times, he caught my gaze and just smiled but he didn't make any move to talk to me which I was relieved by but also a little disappointed. 

Once I got home, I tried to lay down and relax but was interrupted by the phone ringing. I didn't recognize the number but picked up anyway and was surprised to hear Nate on the other line. He said that he needed to talk to me about something and asked if it was okay if he stopped by. Even though I was alone and would have felt better if my roommates were there, I told him it was okay and he said he would be right over. 

When Nate arrived, he asked if I was feeling okay and that he was surprised that he hadn't heard from me over the last couple of weeks. I just told him that everything was fine and that things had been pretty busy. He laughed and asked if something else might be the problem and when I told him I didn't know what he meant, he just told me to follow him into the side bedroom. Even though I knew I should have just told him to get the fuck out, I couldn't help myself and followed. 

When we got into the room, he told me to shut the door and I did as I was told. He just stared at me with a cold expression as he unzipped his jeans and pulled out his semi-hard cock. I just stared at it and he stroked it and asked if "this is the problem." 

I stammered something about being drunk that night and that I had made a mistake. He looked at me with those cold eyes, smirked and pointed to the floor. There was no disguising what he wanted or the fact that he just knew that I was going to do it. 

As I walked over to him, I kept trying to tell myself to stop, to kick him out, to tell him that I couldn't be attracted to another man and to just leave. But none of that registered as I got down on my knees in front of him. His cock was probably about ¾ hard now and so big and magnificent, I couldn't help myself. I started to slowly stroke it and admire its length when I heard Nate's voice above me command "suck my cock Ryan...now."

I slowly took the huge head into my mouth as my lips stretched along the shaft. Nate begin to work more of the length in carefully and I could hear him start to moan a little as I licked and sucked with my lips and mouth while stroking the fat shaft with my hands. Unlike the last time, I wasn't merely just cleaning his cock. I was sucking it and Nate expected me to make it good and make him cum.

As I continued to suck Nate's cock, his treatment of me got progressively rougher. Nate's hands dug into my hair as he guided his cock in and out of my mouth. He even pulled it out a few times and slapped me with it, telling to take my time and enjoy it. His words got rougher too as he called me "slut" and "cocksucker" and told me if I was good, he would come back and really put that big cock to work. I couldn't help myself as his words got me so worked up that I continued to suck and stroke that cock, hoping to make it cum. 

After a little while, my jaw was sore and I didn't know if I could go on but Nate continued to urge me and tell me not to stop. Suddenly, he cried out that he was going to cum and that I had better not waste a drop. As Nate's hands dug into the back of my skull, I did everything I could not to gag when I felt the first shot of cum hit the back of my throat. Above me, Nate cried out "yeah, swallow it all cocksucker. Drink it down. Don't spill any" as spurt after spurt of his cum filled my mouth. I did my best to swallow it all as I felt his hands loosening their grip and his grunts turn to sighs. He then just said "finish cleaning me off slut" and I licked him clean.

Once Nate was satisfied, he just looked down on me and said that he would be stopping by from that weekend for more so I had better be ready. He then gave me that cold smirk of his and headed for the door. I was left on the floor with the same thought as two weeks ago. Just what had I gotten myself into???