 I woke up thinking last night had to have been a dream since I'd started my day pining for my runaway girlfriend, and somehow ended the day not even thinking about her but instead thinking about the huge black cock from a guy aptly named Tree. Yep dream for sure, except as I struggled to wake from it I heard moaning that could wake up my Grandpa Ebert and he has been dead for ten years. Another dream, I assume, but then my bed was shaking from the force of what was occurring from behind the wall near my pillowed head.

"You like that you little slut, you like my dick in your ass!" The invisible manly voice yelled.

"Si Poppi, si. Fuck me Poppi!" She replied accordingly.

I tried to push my head closer to the wall and that's when I yelped in pain and realized last night wasn't a dream as my ass was feeling like hellfire. What was so unexpected last night and what had caused me so much pleasure was now causing me considerable discomfort and I decided where I rested was just fine and I continued to listen through the wall.

"Your ass is so tight, you're a good little bitch, you want my cum? Do you want my cum?"

"Si Poppi, si I'm a cumslut, I'm a cum whore, I need your cum Poppi, on my face Poppi!" Now my Spanish is a bit rusty but she certainly appeared to be a very agreeable woman.

My own cock which has considerable length and girth decided to fully wake up before the rest of me and I felt a tender ache under the hardon from having cum so much last night. In fact it was the most I had ever cum in one day before. Each time took longer but to my old one shot wonder ways I couldn't understand now why I ever didn't strive for more. Each orgasm had a little less coming out but the pleasure of each one was stronger than the last. Especially the one I had with Tree.

Don't get me wrong, I still love pussy and was eager to get at the Latina on the other side of the wall if truth be told but at the same time I was thinking of Tree and would I experience that again. As much as I hurt, there was something to be said for being so full and whatever button got pushed inside me had me beside myself. Before he was done with his fucking I was talking much like the Latina across the way, but that wasn't me really, right?

"Yeah then be my cum slut bitch. Get ready for it," he was kind enough to announce.

"Si Poppi, fuck me, give me your cum!"

"Arrgh. Yeah, her it comes, give me your face," he yelled as I heard mad scrambling for her to oblige. 

"Come on my face Poppi!"

"Oh fuck, yeah, take it slut, take it, I'm oh fuck, oh yeah, aaaaaaarrrghhh! Fuck yeah, take that cum! Aaaaargh."

"Oh, I'm going to cum too Poppi, ayi, ayi, ayiiiiii!"

I was liking her more all the time but I was surprised she came just from him coming on her face and wondered how do you get to that point and would I ever experience anything like that, and realized I wasn't sure which side I was eager to experience it from and then the last thing I realized was there was an amazing mouth on my cock.

"Good morning stud," Ashley said.

"Less talking please," I was quick to retort. She went back at it. Did I mention Ashley? She's the Tranny I thought was a woman who lured me into a glory hole booth where another Tranny I thought was a woman held my cock hostage while they introduced me and my ass to a giant black man named Tree. Good times.

Now as Ashley worked the soreness out of my hardon for me a thousand questions came to mind, like why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle, and why are elderly people called "old people" but children aren't called "new people"? But those questions had been around since prior to last night. My newer questions were if Ashley was being so kind as to take care of my burning need inspired by the strong man and agreeable Latina next door then was I expected to return the favor? 

My moment with Tree was one thing and receiving oral from someone, I'm not going to lie I consider a woman despite her appendage matching mine, well almost matching mine, was another thing still but for me to do my manly duties for her would make me less than manly right? I was thinking she sensed my plight because she removed herself from me and knocked on the wall above the bed.

"Maria, come. Don't wash!" Isn't that just like Ashley, saying stuff I don't understand. 

Before I could figure her intentions my more pressing question came to mind so I asked, "Where am I?"

"In Tree's hotel, it's adjacent to his sex shop," she said and made again with her mouth on me.

I wondered how Tree could afford so much but then didn't wonder as much anymore as a nude figure who I assumed was Maria appeared in a doorway to the motel room I didn't know until just now I was in. My first instinct was to cover myself and push Ashley away but when I saw that Maria entered the room she was butt naked I figured who was I to bashful?

Now Maria was not what I expected from what I had heard through the walls. Maria was indeed Latina but she was thin and statuesque and had a body that could grace any beer poster around with the one exception that Maria had dangling from her crotch, a huge monster cock. It was not even hard but the weight of it and the swing as she moved showed that the word immense had use in the English vocabulary.

I'd never won a staring contest in my life but if that were to occur now I know I'd finally become the world champion. Ashley appeared to take note.

"He got so much harder in my mouth, I think we have a size queen," she said and mouthed up on my hard cock before I could rebuttal,

"Who cares about size, I just care they all cum," Maria countered and moved in to watch.

Did I mention that on top of Maria's makeup she was wearing an immense load of cum on her face? Some dangerously near an eye had smeared her mascara. I don't know who the masculine man with Maria earlier was but I surmised it could be Jackson Pollock. Maria noticed my noticing and swiped some of Pollock's art off her face and licked her fingers clean of it. Ashley spoke to my observation.

"He's ready," she understated.

Maria leaped in and Ashley backed off my dick and tugged nice and hard.

"Oh si Poppi, I want your cock Poppi, give me your cum, Poppi!"

Even though she was a repeat I was certainly enjoying the show. My dick was so hard, so close and apparently I'd slept some good hours because I felt a strong load coming on and was eager to be rid of it. 

"Oh please Poppi, please give me that cum. Make me your good little cum slut!"

Maria had positioned her face close and I noticed she was stroking and her immensity only grew, she was a true monster cock. Not like Tree but still huge for such a petite thing and I'm nothing to sneeze at. God she was huge.

"Please Poppi, cum on my face!"

At that statement anything other than that was not an option.

"Fuck yeah, give me your face, I need to, I'm going to, oh fuck, take it, take my cum you lucky slut, fuck yeah I'm cooooommming, fuck yeah, ooooooohhh yeah, fuck, aaaaaahhhhh." 

I squirted rope after rope to add to her masterpiece and soon Ashley took over and guided my shots that never seemed to stop. Maria appeared blissful behind her blinking off my stuff and wiped her hands across the warmth on her face and worked on some tasting in between groans of pleasure. It brought me back to last night when Tree had decorated me, but I don't believe IO got this kind of pleasure out of it. 

"Thank you Poppi," she said and kissed the tip of my dick then quickly left. I dropped my head back spent, more aching deep in my cock.

"How many of you are they," was another question on my mind.

"I don't know total numbers but in the double digits. Let's get you in the shower, I have plans for us," she said and grabbed my half hard cock to pull me to the shower. 

I asked if she'd be joining me but she demurred, due to her makeup already being done and all. I did grope her chest on my way in the shower though, truly spectacular work.

"Thank you," she answered and I hadn't realized I'd made that comment aloud.

The water felt good and decreased some of my all over body soreness; I felt as if I'd run a marathon or two. 

"Tree has a doctor who does amazing work and we pay him in favors so anything you want done he is up for," she continued.

"Well, on that point I needn't worry, I think I've pushed my boundaries as far as I'm willing, and no way would I work for Tree, this just isn't my thing really," I said convincingly? 

"That would be your choice, Tree doesn't force anyone and he won't take anyone until they beg him for the job," she replied.

"So all of you begged?"

She giggled, clearly remembering something I wish I could have witnessed live.

"Not all of us are size queens but his is something you just have to try and for some it hurts almost the entire time but then there is that moment when it hits just right and well, let's just say I remember every time with Tree, not that there's been many."

I thought back to last night and figured there was something to that. I don't know where that orgasm came from but it was so different and I felt so full, so slutty? I refocused on the water, as all that thinking wasn't going to lead me anywhere good. And then I felt a hand at my ass. Ashley had soaped up a washcloth and was stroking my ass, forcing a finger underneath it up and in. 

There was a warmth to it and I thought even more back to last night, where was Tree anyway, would I see him again, would he treat me like that again? I pushed the thought and her hand away.

"I was cleaning it because you might need to be where we're going," she said.

"No offense, but I think I may be done with all this, really, I think it's time I go home," I asked and looked to her to make sure that was an option; I was starting to wonder my situation here.

"So now that you're not on a sexual edge, now that you're not horny you are having second thoughts?" she asked.

"Try third and fourth thoughts," I answered.

"Perfect, that's why I sucked you off this morning," Ashley.

Sometimes with Ashley I'm not sure we're having the same question but I figured she was going somewhere mischievous with it. She saw the look on my face and decided to explain a little.

"When you're horny and blue balled enough you will do anything but when you are not is the best time to figure out what you really want. I want to take you someplace fun. If you don't like it you leave."

"Just like that?"

"Just like that," she said and then produced a bottle and handed me a blue pill.

"Uh no, drugs is not for me," I said, but she showed me the bottle and the prescription for Viagra.

"Tree doesn't allow drugs, draws unwanted attention and ages you real fast. In fact we all belong to a gym to keep in shape, Tree's thinking of buying the gym outright. This is if you decide to have some fun where we are going, you will appreciate it," she said.

She popped one and I did the same. Before I could reach for my clothes she shook me off, referring to their smell and handed me a pair of sweats from a college I never heard of and a man's white button down. I was going to ask where the men belonging to those clothes were but she had me out the door too fast.

She had me drive and she said not to worry, she'd catch a cab back if I decided to leave. During the drive I asked about Maria. I was curious as to how she who could get plenty of women with that appendage was so receptive to taking care of others instead. She hadn't even touched herself or wanted anything from me. Ashley laughed loud and genuine enough to make me feel silly. 

"Maria got exactly what she wanted. She's the biggest cum slut I've ever seen, she loves it on her face, and she's such a cock whore."

I wasn't sure it was the Viagra kicking in or her floral language but I felt some life coming back to my lower regions. Actually, I'm certain it was both. Ashley took note and grabbed me through the sweatpants and whispered softly in my ear.

"There is something so special about making a man feel good, to make him hard with your hand, with your mouth, and if you've been a good little slut, you will get such a tasty reward," she backed off and fanned herself. "Whoo I'm ready for this."

She pointed to a parking lot and I pulled in, realizing the power of the pill I took. I told Ashley I needed to sit and meditate awhile before I could get out of my truck but she said I was in an appropriate state. We walked to the front and I saw it was a movie theater with lots of posters on the front which were not Iron Man 3, one maybe said Iron Cock 3 or some such title though. 

We entered and an older gentleman took Ashley's money and she led me into darkness. As we entered through double doors the place was very dark and she stopped near the door to give time for our eyes to adjust. The theater smelled like the sex shop booth I was in last night, the heady odor of sex filled the air as did moaning, lots of it. 

On the screen a woman was taking on three black studs and appearing to love every minute of it. The sound was louder than in a normal movie theater. I also heard groaning off to the side. As our eyes adjusted Ashley took my hand and led me forward. Off to the right I saw a smaller theater with about twenty seats. One man was sitting in a back chair his cock out and stroking it, and two rows in front of him one man was going down on another. The screen here was playing two she males going at it and I thought they had nothing on Ashley but were hot nonetheless. 

We sat in the main theater on the aisle and suddenly waves of men started walking past us and making noises and gestures at us as they passed. Ashley just smiled.

"Now I'm going to go off on my own, I see you're still hard," she said.

"Yeah, the pill, I'm not feeling overly excited, I don't think I can cum anymore this weekend." 

"Time will tell sweetie," she said and tugged my cock in a goodbye gesture.

That was Ashley always looking on the bright side. As soon as Ashley left the flood of males made in her direction until I lost sight of her in the dark. I decided to settle into the film as the woman was displaying acrobatic skills under those black bodies that would make any Ukrainian gymnast proud and did it while yelling the whole time. Her cardio abilities were impressive. 

I suddenly realized I hadn't seen pussy in a little bit and started to stroke myself through my sweats. The material on top of my cock bigger than normal because of the pill felt immense but my stroking was lazy, I didn't feel a need to cum. I did however feel myself start to stick a bit to the sweats and I reached my hand inside and found I was dribbling a large amount of precum. Must be the Viagra I figured so I rubbed it in and started on my head, it felt good and all.

Then as I was getting into the movie someone walked into my row, his crotch right near my face. He sat next to me and pulled his cock out and started stroking himself as he watched me do the same. I didn't interrupt him but I didn't encourage, I just watched the screen. Then he reached over and under my shirt and started to caress my chest then tug at a nipple. It wasn't anything for me to complain about to be sure but I wasn't feeling it so much. Then he reached over and took over my stroking duties. His hushed noises suggested he approved of my erection. 

Then on the screen black men announced they were ready to shoot. They spun the woman like she weighed nothing into a sitting position and the man with the biggest cock, still smaller than Tree's by a bit, roared as he came all over her face, or tried to, he was shooting like a bull and several shots went clear over her pretty head. The second only dribbled cum which she took on her tongue. He wasn't much of a shooter or like me he'd done too much recently before partying with Ms. Facial on the screen. 

The man to my left was more frantically stroking himself as he watched the scene now also and back and forth to what was in my lap. The last guy on the screen stepped up and he earned points for accuracy as he creamed quite a load on her now drenched face. The woman on screen was fingering her nice little pussy as this went on and started shaking so hard. The three men whooped and hollered at her having cum just from that. I now did feel a twinge within my own cock but wasn't feeling anything for the guy working on me. He stroked harder and then suddenly he was squirming and started to shoot against the seat and floor in front of us.

For a smaller cock his load was impressive and shot far. The screen went blue as the video was over and a new one hadn't started yet. He quickly zipped and thanked me and left. I wasn't sad to see him go. I decided to look around and went to the opposite side of the room to check out the other small theater. This one was showing gay porn. Apparently two guys got their truck stuck in the mud and the only way they could get it out would be to fuck each other. It probably made sense in the moment.

This room was active. Hands kept passing behind me and grabbing my ass but I pushed them aside. Two men sat side by side stroking each other and then one white guy had an Asian guy bent over a chair and was fucking him good. I was curious and stepped closer to watch this better. The guy doing the fucking reached inside my shirt also, and went for the chest. This all felt a bit better and my cock was feeling more active again I was shocked to find.

The man then took my hand and set it on the Asian's cock. It was on the smaller side but it felt so different from my own, and from Tree's, it was exciting to touch it I have to say. I stroked it nice like for him and he moaned in appreciation. Suddenly someone was grabbing my dick through my sweats and other hands were grabbing at different parts of my body. As much as I wanted to help the Asian guy out in the moment I was feeling a bit claustrophobic and got out of there.

I went back towards the other theater and saw a huge crowd gathered in an alcove area I hadn't noticed earlier. There on her knees was Ashley, a dick in her mouth and two in her hands as others grabbed at her exposed boobs. She was moaning in ecstasy lost in the moment, her eyes seemed almost unfocused and she would suck at one, gasp for air and go onto another. There was a string of cum in her hair and her top which was on the floor was wet.

"Fuck my tits stud," she said looking at me. 

In the moment I'm not even sure she knew it was me. I stepped up and someone behind me yanked my sweats down for me and several hands from the crowd took grabs at my cock and balls as I walked close enough to her. She used some of my precum to slick up my dick then added some spit and placed my dick in her breasts, then took two other cocks in hand as I held her tits in place and fucked them. My dick kept popping up to her mouth and we developed a rhythm where she was sucking me good on the upswing. 

I was definitely feeling things now and the Viagra was helping, I like that little pill. I knew for sure I could come and as it would be my second I was expecting the feeling to be intense. I was moaning alongside many others as she worked me good and I felt the familiar twinge that I was so close but then she surprised me and stopped. She pulled away.

"Enough for you, someone else's turn," she said.

And I used to like Ashley. 

She saw my disappointed look and simply informed me if I wanted to cum I'd have to do it with someone else, she wasn't going to help me. Someone else started in on her tits, lucky guy and one in her hand started to shake at one knee, uncontrollably. I watched in amazement at his reaction, the deep breaths, the eyes losing focus and then a surge in his size just before he started shooting and screaming as he came all over her tits. He was quick to zip and leave and I noticed the wedding ring on his hand.
