 I had it all figured out this thing called life, or so I thought. Turns out life can kick you in the balls when you're not looking and turn your whole world around. I'm a jock, sorry, was a jock; I guess once you graduate high school unless you go pro or get a scholarship you're not technically a jock anymore. I still run and lead an active life though and therefore am fit for my 19 year age.

The aforementioned figuring out part was that I was a high school jock who had a cheerleader girlfriend and we were going to get married and live the perfect life. All our friends were envious, hell I would have been if I weren't me, she was a crazy hot blonde who drew catcalls and the eyes of everyone attending our basketball games. And I guess I shouldn't sell myself short, I'm six foot, thick brown hair and eyes that seem to change color with what I wear, blue, grey, green. Amber, my hot girlfriend -- oh and I'm Jack by the way -- had a favorite blues shirt she used to make me wear, loved how blue it made my eyes. 

The shirt became code for she was horny as I always got lucky with her when I wore it. Yes we were fucking. She called it making love but I thought of it as pounding pussy. I have stamina being an athlete and all so I dug into my reserves on the rare times we got together and really pounded her out, she was good with the yelling and the moaning and the thrashing and was quick to change positions. My favorite was her variation of downward dog that she learned in her yoga classes.

I'd always show up early to pick her up from the classes to get a good look at the hotties there wearing nothing much really, layers of spandex which I'm pretty sure were even thinner than the condoms I'd wear when me and Amber would "make love". Yeah, we wore protection because we had plans for life that didn't include staying in our small town. Amber wasn't just beautiful she was rocket science smart and finished third in our school class in grade point average. Me on the other hand, I'd just as soon not thin too much, it's not my strongest point.

So this is where life first took that kick at my balls, a grazing blow that didn't drop me but certainly made my dick shrivel into itself to hide, which is a feet unto itself - yes, I'm doing good down there. Amber let it be known often as I'd pound away with my eight inch, thick as she'd remind me often, dick that it's the reason she was with me. Darn, and I thought it was for my brain. Well the kick was that she got accepted to one of the colleges we applied to together but guess who did not?

So when summer ended we had been fighting a lot, I don't mostly know why but we did and then there she was on a plane, which I've never been on one by the way, and gone three thousand miles away. We had Skype though and man did we use it. She would finger herself much slower than I used to do to her and she would moan and grab her tits like crazy while I stroked myself hard and throbbing wishing I had use of her mouth or pussy. When I would finally shoot my load she would jerk in surprise because it comes on quite fast and then like a Jackson Pollock painting would be all over the place. I always thought it was her skills that made me cum so hard but no I guess I'm just a natural and always took to it like a fish on an underwater bicycle. 

This went on almost daily the first week and she would say she was thinking she would fly home just so she could get a fuck saying she needed to be fucked so badly. I should have made note that she didn't mention she needed to be fucked by me but no I didn't make that connection until after life was done with the groin kicking. Well week two found Amber very busy, classes and roommate and matriculation which was messing with my ejaculation. I made a vow to save my cum for her so I had a load building something awful and was horny most the time. Plenty of girls in town were making intentions known since my girl was gone and all but I'm true and besides it all sounded complicated and as I mentioned, I could do without the regular thinking. 

So finally Friday night we hooked up again and I'm not gonna lie I was getting crazy with heat. I was hard in a country minute and was really stroking hard, using both hands, switching hands. Soon I was not even noticing her pussy anymore, I was in my head and finding my legs shaking I had waited so long. I was moaning louder than her even and saying how much I needed to fuck. I also didn't note till after the ball kicking that I didn't say I needed to fuck Amber, just fuck.

Her moans were bringing me back though and I saw she had gone in tight on the screen which she had never done before. She was stroking that screen sized pussy real good and it was sopping wet, more than I'd seen of her before. Her grunts were more animal but so were mine. I attributed it to her being in as much heat as I was. Then she did something new, she reached in with her right hand and stuck her two middle fingers into her wet pussy and started a stroke like she was scratching the top of her pussy and I heard "oh fuck, oh fuck, give me that cock, fuck me I'm going to come!" Then her breath stopped for all of a second and her body shook and she screamed, "oh, oh ffffffucccck! Nnnnnngggh, oh, oo" and from there it went into no language I ever heard of before and next thing you know she was squirting! 

I have the internet I've seen this before but never did I dream it of Amber and then I got the shock of my life as I was about to cum myself. She apparently regained her senses and scrambled to the wet screen and started blotting it with tissues, and the voice that said "sorry about your computer, I didn't mean too..." was not the face of Amber. This brunette with tits on the fuller size of Amber's was looking right at me and dabbing the screen. Maybe it was the filter of the pussy juices but I swear she could have been an angel, well maybe n ot, what with her fingers in her pussy just moments ago and now wiping her cum off a screen.

"I want to see that cum baby," she pleaded and I was quick to oblige. "Ahh, fuck I'm coming for you Angel, uhhhhhhhh, fuck...." I screamed and then I think I started speaking that same non-existent language she had just done. My first two shots actually went right past my face and somewhere over my head (I later found and cleaned one but the other shot will apparently always remain a mystery.) And after those first shots it just coming out, I don't know if it was the surprise or how long I waited but I was squirting a gallon and every spurt made me shake and it felt so good.

"Angel, I like that," the clearly not an Angel said. "Amber said you had a nice one, she wasn't kidding but she didn't mention the whole cum thing, shame on her, best part, yum." Yep, definitely not an Angel. 

"Can I speak to the girlfriend in question so as to find out what the hell is going on?" I asked what I thought was an appropriate question.

"She had something to do. She has been feeling bad about blue balling you so much lately so she had me sit in for her."

"But she started on this call," I said while thinking - thinking sucks.

"And left as soon as you closed your eyes which was some time ago. I was her stunt pussy."

"Oscar worthy I'm sure, that two finger thing I'm gonna borrow that." I said with all due seriousness.

"Then you my friend have just opened yourself to a world full of pussy. Imagine how Amber must feel now, stroking herself, and then having to rush out into the world."

I didn't like the sound of that. I was trying to work something out in my head when she chimed in with, "Damn Jack your still at full mast you stud. You should be drooping by now. If I didn't have to fuck my boyfriend tonight I'd go round two with you." Boyfriend and she did this with me? Looks like I'll have to find another nick name for this one.

"Well thank you for getting me through this tough time but I think we're past the time we should have been putting our clothes back on. I grabbed at my white button down and she stopped me, there it was just hanging on my shoulders I hadn't had time to button yet.

"Mm you are yummy. Look at your abs." I did. "Jack you are and do own a full package, you should be sharing that gift with the world find somebody in town and do her right. Your dick is telling you I'm right." I thanked her and in my head told my dick to shut up. Not Angel kissed real close to the screen and then it went dark. 

I immediately called Amber on her cell and it went straight to voicemail. She was probably deeply involved in matriculation. I laid down on my bed waiting for my sore hard on to return to normal, longest hour of my life.

So from there we took to texting or I should say she took to texting. Said she was too emotional to talk right now and was busy and all so we'd have to just text for a while. She was admirably horny as was I since I now had a new fantasy set of tits deposited into my spank bank. I stayed away from porn and the yoga studio, too much stimulation and I still vowed to save all my cock juices for my girlfriend or whatever stunt pussy she might manage to fool me with next, though catching me twice would be tough, my guard and my dick were worked up.

And that's when I wondered was I even texting her, did she have a stunt texter too? I texted a question about whether this was Amber or Not Angel and when she texted "who?" and appropriately answered she knew what downward dog was I felt confident it was her.

Her texts were all about how horny she was and remember the time we fucked there or there and the time I almost swallowed? Who could forget all that? "I'm fingering myself right now" was a particularly impressive text as she clearly had one hand busy with the texting. Thing was I was horny from not cumming in such a long time but I wasn't horny from her texts. I wanted to see her but she was three thousand miles away and I had no money as I quit my summer job to spend more time with Amber.

And then finally I'd had enough. It had been a better part of a month and on a Friday night I texted her that if she doesn't Skype me now we were through. Best case scenario we have screen to screen sex again but more than anything I just wanted to see her. 

When she came up on the screen she was flushed, crying maybe? She said she'd been emotional. She had a robe on which was a good sign of things to come as it meant she wasn't planning a night out even though it was the weekend. We "hi babied" each other but she launched right into this not being a good time.

I felt the time was as good as any and was asking if she still didn't want my cock? She growled a bit, clear she did and her robe seemed to agree as it was trying to fall off her shoulders. I grabbed myself through my pants, happy, wondering what took so long and that's when one of her boobs decided to make an appearance. It slipped out into the world like a newborn crowning and my jaw dropped.

"You pierced your nipple!" She grabbed at the blouse and covered herself. "Both of them?" was all I could think to say and she nodded and then that's when the world said, "hey Jack, look over there for a minute" and while my head was metaphorically turned the world with a powerful force kicked me in my blue balls and I went down. Behind Amber a dude walked past and he was rock hard and his junk was glistening with her pussy juices. 

She apparently found roughly my twin in the cock department but unlike me he had a huge ring pierced near the head of his cock. Amber turned to "Pierce" and said, "you promised me you'd let me tell him." Then she turned quickly to the screen and with some amount of sadness but not enough if you ask me she said, "Sorry Jack, someone else owns my pussy now." Owns her pussy? 

"Get into the bedroom bitch, I want your ass again," pierced dick said in what I'm sure was his most gentlemanly way of speaking. Again I thought? That was always off limits to me, saving it for marriage was what she always said. "Pierce" noticed before I did that, "dude your girlfriend just dumped you and you are hard as a rock." He shook his head in the appropriate amount of bewilderment and then the screen went black. 

He was right. Just the thought of having Amber's ass, and the thought of her pierced nipples had me going crazy. As upset as I was I stripped down naked and standing right there jacked myself crazy. I grabbed one of my nipples thinking in my head of hers and grabbed at it. I'd never done that before but it gave me added fire to the inferno that was my body. I was stroking like crazy and grabbing that nipple and then mixing it up, they were sensitive and I was surprised how good it felt.

Damn it felt good but this was need and frustration in motion. I was stroking hard and fast and moaning with each stroke while thinking of fucking her ass and then I felt my cum building. I wanted it out, I needed it out, I had to fucking cum, just let me fucking come, I'm so damn hard, I'm so damn horny. Fuck, give me that cum! And I did, I came so hard and was shaking and almost crying in relief, I wouldn't stop, I wasn't masturbating, I was fucking my hand with fury as my legs threatened to give out and my ropes and ropes of cum decorated my floor. 

And then I gasped and breathed in not knowing how long it had been since I stopped breathing. My legs were week so I dropped to the bed and looked at my new best friend the ceiling still shaking in relief though a bit pissed off that the last thing I had in my mind when I came was the dude's pierced cock. Man I was in a bad way. I called and texted all night. Pierce texted back at some point to knock it off, she belonged to him. Belonged, what did that mean?" I didn't hear from Amber again.

Weeks went by and no one in town knew we were broken up. I didn't share. The women had long since given up hitting on me and all my guy friends who I hadn't alienated by spending my whole summer with Amber were either in college or in the service. All except Mark one of my friends from the basketball team. Mark had a job in the city and I needed to talk to someone so I made the drive.

I had mentioned before that life kicked me in the balls but the other part was where my life would take me. It turns out there was life prior to the city and life after the city and never in my dreams would I have expected where I was going to end up.

The drive was long and we had enough of our own businesses in our small town that we didn't ever venture much to the big city. I figured until I was drinking age there weren't much point to going. But here I was using my own version of GPS, Good People Saying where to go. They did alright with the directions and soon I found the chain restaurant and went inside where Mark was very happy to see me.

I brought Mark up to speed on what had happened in my life lately. "Dude, that is so fucking hot!" I had brought him up to the point of time of the pierced nipple which is why he was so exuberant. I had stopped shy of the accompanying pierced cock though. "You think you know people Jack but you never really do," he said as Mark was wise beyond his years by a day or two.

"Can't argue that," I said. 

Mark went on to counter that me and Amber were hotter than a leather car seat on a summer's day for which I thanked him but failed to get his point which he managed to drive home. "You're in the city, you can hook up with someone. Before your next relationship you need transition pussy," he said. I agreed transition pussy sounded good as I'd not stroked again since that day mostly for fear of thinking of that pierced cock again at an inappropriate time. 

He proceeded to have me point out the women in the restaurant that were my type. As it turns there were none like Amber so I was coming up dry, except for the umpteenth time that our server, Becky, her name tag announced while resting on a nice natural breast that appeared to be having a civil war with her bra. Apparently halfway up her blouse she had forgotten how buttons work and her leaning over was giving me quite the show all night. She was winking and touching on the shoulder a lot too but I chalked it up to her wanting a good tip, which she was going to get, she earned it. 

As she left and smiled and winked again I told Mark that I guess Becky was my gal of choice but no way she'd go for a hick from the sticks. "If the hicks from the sticks have big dicks she will," he said and snorted in laughter, apparently believing he was ready to fill auditoriums just like Louise CK. I only managed a grin.

"Waitress," Mark yelled as soon as his giggles stopped. She bounced over with that smile. Mark looked closely at her name tag or was just staring at her breast, hard to tell really. "Becky, my friend here Mark wants to know if you'd be so kind as to suck his cock. I can vouch as to its size."

I'd have to flip a coin at some point to see which surprised me more, seeing Pierce on Skype or my friend's boldness. Never mind, my luck the coin would land on its side.

"You swear you can vouch?" she asked in all seriousness, this was already going different than I planned.

"We played ball together is all," is all I could add to the conversation.

"Speaking of which, how are your balls, are they big and full? Can I lick those too if I take you up on this offer?" she asked, a little closer to me this time. In my mind I'd agreed she could have the keys to my truck if she took me up on the offer, would only take me a couple of days to walk home.

"They're more than ready to burst," I said out loud. 

"Then it's on baby doll," she whispered in my ear. Becky was growing on me, in fact I had to adjust myself as something else was growing in my jeans, painfully so. "I'm off in an hour, and what do you know, you will be too."

Then she turned that considerable charm to Mark, and said, "As for you, I'll see you at home bad boy." Then she kissed him right on the mouth. Mark came up grinning.

"Jack, I'd like you to meet my girlfriend Becky," he said as they both laughed. Again he's no Louise CK. No smirk this time.

"I'm broken up with and you pull this crap?" I said and would have stood up and stormed out if I wasn't sporting wood. Becky though jumped back in my direction.

"No, we're not tricking you, we like extra company. I've seen your pictures and he's talked about you and you're my cup of tea baby doll. It's on if you'll have me," she pleaded.

"Well you two do owe me for the treachery," I volunteered.

She bounced in place excited. Her tits stopped bouncing several seconds after she did. "Makeup sex is the best you know," she said. Then her boss yelled for her to start doing her job. Prick.

We took my truck to Mark's domicile since Becky needed their car to get home after shift. On the way there you could have knocked me over with a hummingbird's feather. Mark explained they got together with people fairly often, sometimes with other couples for a group thing but mostly threesomes. More man than women though as Becky had a look but don't touch policy with the ladies and they most often had other thoughts. Mark assured he was wearing her down though, bringing more lesbian porn into their house than usual, she'd crack eventually.

I countered what if she liked it more and he shrugged it off saying there were plenty of people who liked both equally. I complimented him on his choice in women and thanked him for allowing me in on this but also offered I'm still stunned at his lifestyle. 

"You think you know people Jack," he said and it was just as true the second time he said it except this time I felt he still wasn't telling me everything.

Becky was already ripping clothes off as she walked through the door. "Whip em out boys, I can't tell you how long that shift seemed thinking about what was waiting for me at home." She was naked underneath those clothes alright. She had some degree of hips on her but they curved the right way and those boobs bounced for a reason, firm and round, bigger than Amber's but not huge. They were as real as my erection too and she shaved her a nice little landing strip which I intended to use to guide myself in if circumstances warranted. Amber was blonde so her fuzz was near invisible, she never bothered with the shaving.
