 The story you are about to read is not fictional, it happened to me just over two years ago. I never went to the police for obvious reasons but after careful consideration I felt I must put it down on paper and get the message out there to keep someone else from falling victim to what I went through. Although it took place over two years ago, every detail is as vivid in my mind as if it had just happened yesterday. Here's my story: 

I work in the IT department of a major corporation. My job requires me to travel quite a bit, I go to our company's different locations and set up new and improved systems as they become available. Most people I know say they would not particularly like all of the traveling my job entails but since I am only 28 I like visiting the large cities we are located in. I am married and have two children and the occasional chance to get away has also been something I have cherished with my job. Our company is very generous in that it puts me up in very nice hotels and of course all my expenses are paid while I'm on the road. Over the past year or so my routine has been the same; I arrive at the hotel, spend an hour or so in the hotel bar and then make my way to the local strip club.

On this particular trip, I was in Austin Texas staying at a very nice hotel downtown. I had been in town about two hours and I decided to go get a drink before heading over to a new club that the cab driver from the airport had told me about. I made my way to the bar and ordered a jack and coke. The man sitting next to me struck up a conversation with me; he was from out of town as well. He introduced himself as Steve; he was probably about 35-36 yrs old and a really well-dressed nice looking guy. We talked for about an hour, I told him about my job, my family and the city I lived in. After two more drinks I was beginning to get a bit tipsy. Our conversation drifted on to what we wanted to do for the evening, and of course I mentioned the new club I was told about. Steve was gung ho about heading over to a new titty bar and since he had a car he offered to drive. 

We got to the club about 10:30 and immediately began drinking. The women were beautiful. I had my eye on a particular brunette; she had long straight hair and perfect tits. I had her take me in the VIP section and dance a few songs, I was so hard I felt like I was going to cum right in my pants -- and she knew it! She kept rubbing her tits against my dick which was about to bust through my pants. When I got back to the table, Steve had ordered a fresh round of drinks and mine was waiting there for me. I sat down and told him about my dance. After a few sips of my drink, my head began to swim so I got up and headed toward the restroom. By the time I got there I knew something was wrong -- I felt way too fucked up. -- And that's the last thing I remember.

When I woke up, the first thought that came to mind was "Where the fuck am I?". Then I realized -- I was completely naked, strapped to a device that was shaped like a large X. Both wrists and ankles were held in place by leather buckles and a thick belt held my waist firmly to the center of the X. A quick scan of the room made me think I was in a large restroom; there were a few sinks and large mirrors on the wall. The floor was tiled and ran to a drain in the center of the room. In the corner of the room there was a huge bald black man with his back to me digging through a big duffle bag. 

The man turned around and began walking toward me carrying a bottle of shaving cream. I could tell by his expression that he wasn't in a friendly mood but I didn't care I started screaming at him -- "What are you doing?? Let me go!! Why are you doing this??" The man walked over to a sink and took a ball gag out of it; he turned, walked over to me and violently grabbed my throat with his free hand. "If you say one more fucking word, you will wear this for the rest of the day." he said, "I mean it, not one word." I could tell he meant what he said and I quickly decided I should remain quiet.

He squirted shaving cream on my chest and when he did I suddenly realized my legs, arms and underarms had been completely shaved clean. He spread the cream on my chest, bent over and picked up razor that was on a table next to me and began to shave my chest. I was scared out of my mind. He finished shaving me and went ahead and shaved my face as well. He took a warm wet towel out of a bucket and cleaned me off. He began removing some pins from the contraption I was tied to, after a few adjustments he was able to spread my legs and bend them both up to my chest, he replaced the pins and once again I was unable to move. He moved down between my legs and started rubbing the shaving cream on my balls and my ass. Even though I was completely scared shitless and tried with every ounce not to let it happen, I felt my dick beginning to swell. He didn't say a word just began to shave my dick and balls. When he was finished he sort of bent down and shaved my ass and all around my asshole. Again, when he was done he wiped me down with the warm cloth.

There I was, naked, my body completely shaved except for a small patch of hair above my now hardened dick. My legs were still bent and adjusted up toward my chest leaving my ass, dick and balls completely exposed. He put away the shaving supplies and walked out of the room for a minute -- in the other room I heard shuffling. A few seconds later he returned carrying a bucket, he walked over to one of the sinks and through one of the mirrors on the wall I could see he had taken what looked like a large enema bottle from the bucket and was filling it with water. After it was full, he placed it back in the bucket and came back over to me. Another adjustment was made to the device I was tied to and he tilted me about 45 degrees with my head toward the floor and my ass pointing up. He put his finger in a jar of Vaseline and then slipped it into my asshole twisting it back and forth to lube me up. He then lubed the end of the enema bag tube and pushed the tube into my ass. He hung the bag on an IV bag hanger and turned the valve; I could feel warm water filling my ass. It was the first time I had been given an enema and at first there was some slight discomfort and after another couple of seconds, I felt completely full. The bag continued to empty into my bowels and I was to the point I didn't think I could take anymore, I begged him to take it out -- then all of a sudden the bag was empty, all its contents were inside me. My stomach was cramping and I had the irresistible urge to push it out. Once again he adjusted my constrainer and tilted my ass toward the floor, he put the bucket below me and said, "Release it." 

As much as I wanted it out I was too ashamed to do it. He put his hands on my ass cheeks and pushed them further apart, I could feel the contents begin to trickle out of my asshole. Again he said, "Release it", and then my ass just opened up. The water shot out into the bucket and I would not have been able to stop it if I tried. The smell was horrible. The stream continued for what felt like a very long time, I could not believe how much had been inside me. When I finally stopped, he took the bucket in the other room, I head the contents being poured into a toilet and the toilet flushed. He returned with the bucket and the process was done again. I was given a total of five large enemas until the contents from my ass ran completely clear. My stomach and bowels felt like they had been tied in knots from the stretching they had received.

Once again I was tilted at a 45 degree angle with my ass in the air. He went over to a drawer and removed what looked like a caulking gun, he pumped the gun once and a clear gel pushed out of the end of the tube. He took his finger and smeared it around the tip of the tube and then inserted his lubed finger in my ass again. He then put the tube in my ass and pumped the trigger four or five times, I could feel the gel depositing deep in my ass. "You'll thank me for this by the end of the night", he said. The tube was removed and he walked over to the cabinets in corner of the room, opened another drawer and took out a huge butt plug. The thing looked to be about the size of a coke can at the widest point. He lubed it with the caulking gun lube and returned to my ass. I pleaded with him not to put that thing inside me but his only response from behind his cold eyes was "I told you not to speak."

I felt the tip of the butt plug enter my ass and spread me open; as my sphincter mussel resisted he began pushing and twisting it harder. The pain was more intense than anything I had ever experienced. I was grunting in pain and unable to breathe in or out, my eyes felt like they were going to pop out of my head and every vein in my face was bulging. He really had to struggle to get it inside me, I wanted to scream but I literally could not fill my lungs with air. Finally I felt it push past my sphincter and my asshole quickly closed around the base. It was instant relief along with discomfort, my ass felt really full and even though the pain had somewhat subsided, I was very aware there was something there that should not be. A final adjustment on the machine that I was strapped to had me tilted upright with my legs straightened out again. 

As the black man was cleaning things up in the room, a door opened and in walked Steve. "What the fuck, Steve? Help me." I said, "I thought..." 

Steve interrupted "You thought what? We were friends? -- Your not my friend, you're just a stupid mother fucker I met in a bar that spilled his guts about his personal life. Everything you told me about yourself makes you a perfect candidate for one of my parties." He went on, "You are married with kids, have a good job and work with guys who I am sure you brag to about all the strippers you fuck around with while you're away on business. It leads me to believe that you would not be too quick to tell them or anyone else if you were put in a position you might not consider too manly."

"I run an operation here and people pay handsomely for the service", he said. "Tonight you will be the main event at a party I have set up. The guests pay $10,000 each to attend, so you can imagine how embarrassed I would be if they did not leave here completely satisfied." Steve said, "You have to trust me that if you perform well and all my customers leave happy, we will take you home and you are free to go. Like I said, I seriously doubt you will want anyone to ever know what you are capable of, and since I have your ID and know where you live; If you don't perform exactly as I expect you to I will have Tank here go pick your wife up and she can be main event at next month's party" he nodded to the black man.

"Tank, have you showed him the pictures?" Steve asked. 

"Not yet." Tank responded.

Steve turned back to me "Tank is going to show you some pictures of some of our past party goers that didn't play by my rules. Tank is a great guy, and I love him to death. He is completely loyal to me and will do what ever I ask of him. You will only be given one chance to perform. If you don't fulfill everyone's expectations, I have several replacements here that will take your place and your life will end very unpleasantly." He turned around and headed toward the door. Before he walked out he turned to me and said, "See you at the show".

Tank walked over to me with a handful of Polaroid's. The first picture was of a man in the same room we were in; tied to the same device I was tied to. He was naked, shaved and spread eagle. The next picture was a close up of the same man's head after it had been severely beaten. It was taken outdoors and his face was almost unrecognizable. There were deep cuts in his face and one of his eyes was popped out of the socket. The next picture was another before picture of a man tied to the X, he was also shaved. It was followed by a picture of the man, obviously dead.

"This mother fucker wouldn't play" Tank said, "Steve had me go get his old lady afterwards. She was a hot piece for pussy." He flipped to the next picture -- it was of a well figured blonde woman tied to the X. Of course she was also completely naked.

"She's the only one I ever fucked before the show. Steve would kill me if he knew, but I couldn't help it. I fucked her while she was tied up on here and I came in the enema bucket. I cleaned her up and sent her off. After the show I fucked her ass, pulled out, stuck my cock in her mouth and shot off one of the biggest loads in my life. I hated to have to send her to the bone pile but as Steve told you, I do what ever he says." He showed me the next picture; it was her with a bullet hole through her head.

He continued to show me several other "before and after pictures". "You really are free to go if everyone leaves here completely satisfied." Tank said, "But I mean COMPLETELY SATISFIED".

My mind was racing, again I was scared shitless. Tank walked over to the cabinets again and took out a camera. He took several photos of me, put away the camera and then began to mess with my shackles. "If you fight me you will regret it" he said. I believed him. He undid a shackle from the X that held one of my arms and then attached it to the leather belt I was wearing; it was locked with a small padlock. He did the same with the other arm. Then he put a thick leather collar around my neck, he then undid my feet. A pole about 5 ft long was attached to a swivel on my collar. Tank held the pole and pushed me out of the room. Now that I was on my feet and walking, I was very aware that this butt plug in me was much too large for my ass. It made me walk as if I were bowlegged. 

I was led down a hallway with several doors; he stopped me in front of one of them and opened it. It was the size of a coat closet. There was a bar about eye level in the middle of the small room. He pushed me in and told me to get down on my knees. I did. Then he used the pole attached to my collar to push my head to the ground and attached the other end of the pole to the bar in the closet. This left me in an awkward position with my face to the floor and my ass in the air. He turned off the light and closed the door. Total darkness. The room was too small for me to lie down so I had to keep the position I was in. There was absolutely no way I could escape. I could not even move. I pushed as hard as I could to try to remove the butt plug but it was no use; there was no way that thing would come out under my own power.

I don't know how long I stayed in the closet. I fell asleep after a while and had terrible dreams about the pictures Tank had showed me. I was awoken when the door was opened and the light was turned on. It was Tank; he unhooked the pole from the bar and stood me up. He looked me over real good, then looked in my eyes and said, "Show Time. Remember you only get one chance". I was led down a long hallway and around a few corridors until we came into a large well furnished room.

In the room were a group of eight men. Also in the corner of the room there was what appeared to be a full bar with finger foods scattered around. In the middle of the room there was a large king sized bed with only the bottom sheet on it. The men in the room were standing around talking to one another. Some were half dressed, others were fully clothed. On guy was just wearing a tee shirt, a cowboy hat and nothing else. He had a semi hard erection and did not seem at all embarrassed walking around with his dick swinging back and forth. 

As soon as we entered the room, all the attention was on me and Tank. Everyone turned to us and began walking over. Tank led me to the bed and pushed me up on it. He used the pole to push my head into the mattress and with his free hand he pushed my knees under me. He held my head firmly to the bed with the pole and I felt him grabbing the butt plug that was inserted in me. He began to pull and the pain I had experienced when it was put in returned. I could feel my ass clinging to the plug as he pulled, even though I desperately wanted it out, it was just too painful. Although it was no use, Tank was too strong, the plug came out and when it did it made a loud popping sound. With my ass pointed in the air, my cheeks were wide open and I could feel the cold air rush into the inside of my asshole. My sphincter mussel must have been unable to close because it felt like my hole was the size of a fifty cent piece.

All the men surrounded the bed and were making comments on how I looked. I felt several hands on my ass and a few fondled my balls and dick. The man with the hat and no pants on said, "Shit Tank, there's a long fucking hair growing next to his asshole!" 

Tank left the room and returned a few seconds later with a pair of tweezers. The hair was plucked out of my ass. 

"Sorry, I am a beauty school dropout." Tank joked, all the men in the room laughed. I noticed Steve walk into the room. Everyone greeted him with smiles and seemed glad to see him.

"Welcome everyone," Steve said, "While you are here, my home is your home. Anything you need, just tell Tank and he will get it for you."

"Most of you have been here before, with exception of Mr.Takanomi", he nodded to a Japanese business man who was wearing a suit, "And Victor Quarez"

Victor, a large Hispanic man wearing blue jeans and a white tee shirt nodded to everyone. He had a large beer belly that hung over the waist of his jeans.

"As you all know, anything goes -- just be respectful of your neighbor. Let me know if anyone would like to sign up for private sessions for a later date. A private session starts at $25,000 depending on what you have in mind" Steve said. "We can also do special requests -- male, female, black, white, we can even do multiples. About two weeks ago we had a request for a husband and wife as the main event, that shit got wild."

He turned and headed toward the door. "So you guys enjoy yourselves, I appreciate the business. Hope to see you all again" And Steve walked out.

As Tank began to undo all my shackles, most of the men in the room began to undress. The man in the cowboy hat began to stroke his cock which was quickly becoming fully erect. It was big, probably 9 inches and thick. Mr. Takanomi did not take his clothes off; he went over to the bar, mixed a drink and sat down in a chair in the corner of the room. Victor took his shirt off and his huge stomach fell over the buckle on his pants. He reached under it, undid his jeans and they fell to the floor exposing his tighty whiteys.

A man with salt and pepper hair who looked to be in his mid 40's and was dressed in kaki pants and a button down shirt began undoing the buttons on his shirt. He was approx 5' 10'' and looked to be about 180 lbs. He walked over to the bar to make himself a drink also.

Two other men began introducing themselves to one another. One was a Mexican guy who was probably about 30-35 yrs old. I could tell he was muscular through his clothes -- his arms were big and you could tell he was into lifting weights. He introduced himself as Daniel to a younger white guy who looked to be about my age 28-20. His name was Andrew. Andrew was thin with dark hair.

The other two guys were also talking. One was black and appeared to be in his early 30's. He was about 6 ft and probably 200-225 lbs. His name was Dennis. Dennis was talking to an older man who was probably late 40's to early 50's. His name was Bob and he was also about 6ft but looked to be closer to 300 lbs.

When Tank had removed all the leather straps from my wrists, waist and neck -- he walked over to the corner of the room and leaned up against the wall with his arms crossed. I was on all fours in the middle of the bed, unsure of what was about to happen to me. The cowboy with his big dick came over to me and thrust it toward my face. The head of his prick was really large; I could see a glimmer of pre-cum in his pee hole. This was the first time I had ever seen another mans cock up-close. His ball sack was shaven; I couldn't get over how huge his balls were and how far they hung down. 
