  This series ends but shortly you will see the characters in the TGirl Academy series.

*****

So after making my decision to finally become a male to female, a Tree Girl if you will, my trainer Sarah relayed the info to Tree and the appointment was a week away. My stomach felt like it was doing cartwheels while doing loop the loops on a roller coaster but I knew deep down this was the life for me. Even after the cock torture of four back to back cumshots I still felt sexual urges everywhere I looked.

However, since I didn't have the wherewithal to perform any time soon I decided it would be a good time for me to take the week off to get my life together before the biggest change of my life. I decided it would be good to see Flavia also while I was not in a horny state.

When I entered her room it smelled so nice and was so girly that I wondered for the first time would I change the way I decorated my living place? Before I went down that rabbit hole with a hundred questions I was brought back into the moment when Flavia greeted me with a warm hug. Her scent was intoxicating and I definitely felt a flurry in my stomach like I used to for my old girlfriend. 

I told Flavia my plan for the week and was surprised and happy when she decided to take the week off and accompany me. During the drive back in my pickup truck - should I get a different vehicle after I became a woman I pondered - I learned a lot about Flavia. She was born in Brazil and was the rare person born both sexes. Even rarer still was that she wasn't deficient in either breasts or cock as usually one took dominance.

She lived through school and grew up as a woman but as the secret of her appendage and its size got out she was courted by both men and women at school and started sex early. She went to college but found the opportunities for sex so all-consuming that she finally left college and traveled and modelled for some time. It turns Tree scours the world for his Tree girls and he was a legend in Brazil both for the size of his wallet as well as the size of his enormous monster cock. Flavia submitted to Tree right away and travelled back to America with him and had been here ever since.

I asked her if the attraction we shared was normal and if she felt it too and she replied that she did and had rarely felt the same in her life except for a man who had broken her heart. When we arrived at my apartment she took in the sights and remarked how pretty my ex was in the multiple pictures floating around the house. I quickly recapped how she was now being taken in the ass by a guy with a pierced cock. Flavia mentioned that being pretty isn't a shield against desires.

We spent hours talking and boxing up my old life with the plan of donating almost everything to the Salvation Army. Pictures of my ex I gladly threw in the trash, Flavia held my hand through that. She kissed me and I asked her if there was ever a way we could be together with the life we lead. And with that she said we should take a run. 

Though I was on vacation Sarah instructed me to exercise daily so I'd be in the best shape I could be before undergoing the knife. I thought it was strange timing for s run but Flavia insisted. I threw on running shorts and a T shirt but when Flavia emerged from the bedroom I did a double take. She was wearing a midriff T that showed of a nice amount of her toned stomach and prominently showed off her big tits, her nipples even poking erect through the material. But then besides her bright pink Nikes she wore a short shorts spandex style running shorts that prominently showed off her enormous package.

I said I didn't think I could make the run, I needed something else for exercise instead but she stopped me and informed me that she wanted this to be a week without sex until our last night together. Easy for her to say. Turns out she had some plans.

It was school hours and the park we chose had no playground so younger kids were unlikely so we found a park with a running path consisting of mostly adults and people walking their dogs. Immediately as we left the parking lot the stares were immediate and they were almost all centered on Flavia. I noticed many people focused just on her face and tits and didn't even notice she was packing. 

We started our run and soon many runners seemed to alter their course to be able to circle back by us. One woman noticed nothing but her package and almost stumbled. She recovered with a wink and Flavia winked back. One man literally ran into a tree. Even though my cock is larger than hers she hangs big flaccid a bit more than I do and I wore tighty whities underneath my shorts as I can't run comfortably otherwise so all eyes were on her.

We kept up this great experiment for six miles when we were both sweating and in need of water. Back at the car she pressed her groin into mine and kissed me deeply. A few looks came our way from cars arriving but now with her package obscured we looked like any other young couple enjoying time in the park. And I was enjoying myself as she kissed me deep.

She pulled away and we both breathed in from the passion we just had in the kiss. She kept her head pressed to mine and looked me in the eyes. During the run we had been approached by several men and a few women begging for opportunities to partake in all we had to offer as a couple. We declined every offer to many disappointing sighs.

"Did you notice anything about the people we talked to?" Flavia asked.

"They have good taste?" I offered.

That earned me another kiss but then she pulled back to the eye lock.

"No, almost to a person they had wedding rings," she said.

I hadn't even noticed. She also noted all were in great shape and many were quite good looking but asked if I had any sexual thoughts for any of them and I answered truthfully it hadn't entered my mind and she offered the same to me which put me at ease.

"You see sweetie, we're in a position now to choose who we have sex with and we know it will always be there so we can get it when we want, you're not a fifteen year old sexually frustrated little boy anymore. And as for marriage, well who is to say whether we are supposed to be monogamous," she said.

"Clearly it wasn't working for those people we saw today," I mentioned.

"Or maybe it is, maybe it's complicated and they have agreements. I know if I commit to you I have to share you with the UPS man if he shows up and offers you his long hard black package, am I wrong?"

I answered by turning every shade of red available in a Crayola Crayon box.

"And as for me, well what I haven't told you is sex wise I have a preference for pussy," she said and I looked around for a feather because I knew it could take me out.

"Really, I just thought..."

She kissed me again and gave a quick grab to my cock.

"Don't worry cowboy. Attraction wise I'm attracted to men and want to be in a relationship with a man and I do love cock very much I just don't like to be fucked as much, I like to fuck and I simply love pussy. It doesn't mean I wanted to be with the women on the running path, I was happy to be here with you," she said.

Now I felt like I was doing long algebra in my head.

"So this is kind of complicated."

"This thing called life is," she said with a smile.

"So you may not be as attracted to me after I become a woman," I said.

"Or maybe I will be more so, I don't know, but I know you have to go through with it, it's who you were meant to be. But now I'd like to meet your friends.

"Not dressed like that you're not," I said.

She laughed and as we started to get into the car she gave an arriving runner a good look at her crotch before she spun all the way into her seat. He slammed into a nearby parked car. That was so like Flavia, always randomly causing man damage.

So a plan was set in motion. My parents lived on the opposite coast and I never really see them and I have no brothers or sisters so I decided I would not worry about them for now but as for my friends I needed some story for when I was no longer around otherwise I'd leave people thinking I had died. The easy thing would be to tell them about the change but I wasn't ready for that. So instead I invited everyone to my place for a going away party, saying I was going to move to Brazil with my new girlfriend.

Flavia and I worked on cleaning out my place all week and though it was hard, very hard, we abstained from sex but now it was the last night for me as a man and my going away party felt appropriate. And best of all I knew tonight there would be sex finally.

The night of the party Flavia looked stunning in a red dress that showed of her tits and ass. She managed to tape and tuck her junk so she looked one hundred percent woman. I went in simple black jeans and black T but I went commando, I wasn't likely to see these people again so I let it all hang out so to speak. 

It was an old fashioned raucous party with all kinds of dancing, music and other shenanigans. All the guys were trying to get play from Flavia and were telling me how lucky I was all night long. Women were hitting on me due to my package out there and the fact I had locked up someone as hot as Flavia. 

Flavia and I hardly saw each other all night as she was busy getting stories about me that I would have to rebut later. Neither of us drank even though everyone else was wasted as we were keeping ourselves in shape. We just gave each other winks and nods throughout the night. 

Finally as the night was winding down we had to beg off several men and women who were trying to make a go with either one of us. It was rough saying goodbye to everyone and if I wasn't so damn horny I would have felt a bit down. The last hangers on were Mark and Becky.

Mark had been following me around like a puppy all night, laughing too hard at my jokes, getting solemn in his beer saying how much he was going to miss me. It was hard not to tell him about the change but if I said it out loud I was afraid I wouldn't go through with it. I had to tell someone though, it was driving me crazy and there was one person that it felt right to tell.

Becky looked super-hot that night in a white blouse only half buttoned showing of a red bra with what I would call extra lift as her tits looked spectacular. She found reasons all night to bend and pick things up even though after the apartment cleanse I owned almost nothing that could be dropped on the floor. I decided not to mind and I made my stares obvious throughout the night.

I finally shook Mark for a moment and asked Becky if there was any way she could ditch Mark without it causing home life problems. She said she'd see what she could do. Mark seemed highly disappointed as we said our goodbyes at the door, hugging me a little too long. He whispered one more time in my ear but I just gestured to Flavia and he shook his head in understanding and he and Becky left.

Flavia smiled and said she had various scandalous stories about me and also how much she liked my friends. As she started in on one of the embarrassing stories there was a knock on the door. I opened it and Becky was there alone and gave me a big hug.

"What did you tell Mark?" I asked.

"I told him if he let me stay I promised to bring him home a huge cum load in my pussy he can lick out," she said.

The look on Flavia's face was not a happy one and Becky noticed.

"Ah, that's what this is all about right?" Becky asked confused.

"Yes Jack, what is this about?" Flavia asked.

"Everyone just calm down, I have a surprise for both of you and yes Becky it includes you taking a load of cum home in your pussy, I promise," I promised.

Becky actually clapped her hands and said 'yeah!' That was so like Becky. I urged Becky to take a seat as I had a big surprise. She sat excitedly but let her skirt hike up as she did so that her red mesh thong was showing and I'm sure I heard Flavia gasp.

"Becky, Flavia and I are, well it's complicated, but we are together in a sense for now. The thing is I just learned recently that she likes pussy," I said.

Becky flashed a hot look at Flavia and Flavia looked back, bashful, wiped a strand of hair off her eye. Flavia figured where this was going and flashed me a smile.

"Jack, you don't need to be so mysterious, I went to college of course I've batted for the other side, and Flavia I must say you are very sexy" she said.

"Well there is more Becky, but first Flavia, do you want some pussy tonight?"

"Yes, your friend is so pretty," she said.

"Two mouths on your cock Jack, you up for it?"

That would be a yes. But then I asked Flavia to disrobe. She started slow, pulling the dress down to reveal her amazing tits and Flavia rose and kissed each one as the made their entrance and remarked on them being real, not fake. Flavia stepped back and then stepped out of the dress to reveal a Spanx type thing. Flavia turned around, pulled at everything and when she turned back she was dangling long and half hard. Becky fell backwards on her ass on the couch. 

"Holy shit, you have a cock," Becky said.

"Is that a problem," Flavia asked and stroked it.

"Hellz, no, oh holy shit that's hot! I need to fuck somebody now please," she begged.

Flavia approached Becky and they started to kiss. I stood back and got naked and started stroking my cock. I wanted to just watch for a bit as this was the first time I had seen Flavia having sex without it being a job. Both moaned through their kisses and each ran fingers through the others hair, it was a might bit sexy. Flavia was the first to break away and started kissing Becky's tits. 

"Mmm I love your tits, are those hard nipples just for me?" Flavia asked.

Becky bit her lip and nodded. She reached down and started stroking Flavia's cock and it was quickly growing. Flavia slipped a finger in Becky's pussy and Becky moaned as Flavia slowly finger fucked her to the pace that Becky was stroking Flavia's cock.

"Sit down baby, I need to taste your pussy," Flavia purred. 

Becky did and Flavia pulled Becky's legs to get her pussy hanging over the edge of the couch. Flavia kept up a leisurely finger banging on Becky and kissed Becky one more time then kissed her way down Becky's body. There was a nip on a nipple here, the kiss of the stomach there, then the inner thighs. Becky's pussy was glistening and she was moaning something good. 

Finally Flavia got her tongue into Becky's pussy. Becky grabbed both sides of Flavia's head and then gave me a look of shock and then through her head back hard, hair flying.

"NNNNNnnnnnnnnghhhhh, aaaaaaahhhhhh, fuck!"

Seems Flavia has some skills. Becky regained some senses and looked down at Flavia's head between her legs.

"Oh it's good, fuck it's so good baby, you're doing things to me baby," Becky said.

This caused Flavia to work harder and Becky's head was thrown back again. When her head returned to look around she eyed me hungrily.

"Oh fucking shit!" Becky screamed concisely.

Becky hadn't cum yet but was greatly enjoying herself and seemed to be fighting for breath.

"Your cock, I want to taste your cock," she said to Flavia and tried to move positions.

Flavia had other ideas and held Becky in place and really started moving around down there. Becky bit her lip and started pounding the couch.

"Aaaaaahhhh," she screamed.

Flavia kept working and I was stroking solid and hard now.

"Oooooohhhhh!"

Becky was grabbing her own nipple now and shaking her head back and forth like she was in a mosh pit.

"UUUUuhhhhhhhh!"

And then that was it, for a brief moment she froze and looked at me as if she was in shock and then she slammed her head all the way back and raised her hips to meet Flavia's fave, her body shaking the whole time, her body drenched suddenly in sweat.

"FFFFFFFFFFFuuuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkk!"

As she came and shook Flavia pulled her face away and started rubbing quickly on Becky's clit. Becky was jerking around on the couch as if she was being electrocuted. Finally Flavia lifted herself over Becky and Becky kissed her so hard. They kept their faces close together and their tits were squishing each other's.

"You want my cock baby?"

Becky couldn't speak, she could hardly breathe.

"I'm hard for you, are you ready for my big throbbing cock honey?"

Before Becky could answer her eyes went wide as Flavia slipped the head in.

"Oh God," Becky managed. "More!"

"Oh there's more baby," Flavia said and slid all the way in.

Flavia started slowly stroking in and out and Becky growled and yelled in appreciation. Becky then kissed Flavia.

"You're so fucking hot, of fuck me baby, fuck me with your big dick, it's filling me so fucking good!"

Then Becky finally took mercy on me.

"Jack, please I want you cock in my mouth."

I walked over to join them but as I started to put my cock near Becky's mouth Flavia grabbed it instead and started sucking it right in front of Becky. Becky watched wide eyed as Flavia took over half. Becky started licking my balls and I was feeling a tiny bit alright.

"I'm ready for it in my ass Jack, I need it Jack, please fuck my ass, I want you both right now," Becky demanded. 

Those two separated and stood. While I grabbed lube they shared a quick kiss and then Becky dropped to her knees and started sucking Flavia who was now stroking her own nipples and moaning. I oiled up Becky's ass as she moaned around Flavia's cock then I oiled up my raging hard cock and lay down on the couch.

Becky got up and back to me sat her ass on my cock head.

"Shit, I forgot how big you are Jack," she then slid her pussy on me instead.

"Oh fuck, yeah!" she yelled.

She rode me just a couple times then went back to impaling her ass on my cock. She rubbed her pussy as she did it and finally found her way all the way down onto my shaft. She yelled for Flavia to hurry and Flavia moved in and placed her cock into Becky's pussy.

"Oh. My. Fucking. God. GGGGGGaaahhhh, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, please fuck me!"

I was wondering when she was going to notice we were doing just that. It felt amazing on my end. She was extremely tight and I could feel Flavia's cock rubbing against mine. We got into a good rhythm and Becky was speaking a language I never heard before but I knew I couldn't last long having not come in a whole week. Apparently Becky couldn't wait either.

"CCccccccooooooommminnnnggg, oh fuck! Oh fuck, of fuck, aaaaaaahhhhh aggggaaaaain, ahhhhhhh!"

Then Flavia pulled out and I moved Becky off me to try to get her face in position.

"Wait, I need some in my pussy," she said but Flavia just tilted Becky's pretty little head to the side.

"No Becky you need to see this, trust me."

And as if on cue Flavia shot an immense rope across Becky's face. Becky yelped in surprise but then just looked amazed as another bigger rope splashed from her hair to her cleavage and then another.

"Holy shit!" Becky said.

"Oh baby, I think I'm coming," Flavia moaned.

Another huge rope and Becky had to keep one eye closed but watched desperately with the other.

"Oh I am, I am coming, I'm cooooommmmming baby, yes!"

And then four more huge spurts before Flavia finally started to dribble. I couldn't hold back and came all over the tiny spot that wasn't covered on Becky's face. Spittle's of cum escaped Becky's mouth as she yelled out.

"Fucking crazy, oh my God, it's so hot!"

And I had promised something, I was so hot but I quickly grabbed two dish towels, ran hot water gave one to Becky and told her to hurry as I washed my cock off. She seemed to understand. Then we laid down length wise on the couch. We were in missionary but I raised her hips with a cushion and I raised both her legs high and without any foreplay I slid all the way in and just started pounding.

This was it, this was all there was for my life as Jack, this was my last fuck as a man and I was going out with a bang. Becky was yelling and screaming and banging her hands and when I looked down I saw she had a tear running down her cheek. She just looked at me and nodded and bit her lip. The I knew the telltale sign as her body broke out in sweat top to bottom, she always did that right when she was about to come hard.
