 About a year after that amazing experience in Venezuela with Ricardo, my tropical Adonis, I was invited to speak at a conference in the Dominican Republic, a beautiful Caribbean island. The Conference was being held at Casa de Campo, one of the best resorts in the Caribbean. I decided to arrive the weekend before the Conference, so that I could enjoy a couple of days of pure relaxation.

The first day I arranged a tee time to play golf. The club set me up with another guy, whom I found out was also attending the same Conference. His name was Thomas and he was a local. It was very hot, but we had a good social game of golf. When we finished, we knew each other well and were drenched in sweat. We decided to meet at the pool thirty minutes later.

I was lying on a recliner when Thomas showed up at the pool.

"Hi, the ocean breeze sure feels good," He said. I looked up at him and could not believe my eyes. Thomas was wearing a tiny green speedo, which outlined clearly his cock and balls. He had a gorgeous looking black body. It was obvious that he exercised. His legs were massive and his torso and shoulders were well defined.

As I was staring at him, I said, "It sure feels good with the heat I am feeling! Do you feel it too?" I grinned and wondered if he caught my drift.

"Yeah, I do feel the heat!" Thomas said and sat down on the recliner next to mine.

We spent the next two hours at the pool and had a few pina coladas. By the time we left, we were feeling a little buzzed and agreed to meet later to go the resort's disco that evening.

I got to my room and was so hot thinking about Thomas and imagining him naked in front of me, caressing his beautiful black, smooth body. In the shower, I started massaging my dick and finished with a powerful orgasm thinking about him. After the shower, I took a quick nap until it was time again to meet Thomas.

We both walked to the disco, it was about 11 pm. The place was not crowded and Thomas was disappointed.

"Darn," Thomas said. 

"What's the matter?" I asked.

"I was looking forward to hook up with a nice looking woman and have some fun tonight!" He said.

"Aren't you having fun with me?" I questioned him.

"Sure, but you have to understand that with the ocean, the sun, the heat, I was looking for a little adventure with a sexy female." Thomas stated.

I smiled, turned to him and said, "Thomas, don't sweat it, it's still early. If nothing happens, we'll figure something out and winked at him!"

He looked back puzzled.

Clearly, I knew what I had in mind if he could not find his heaven for the night. He was looking pretty hot that night, wearing a pair of tight leather pants and a loose, see-through white light shirt, unbuttoned past his awesome, solid chest. I could see his curly black chest hair. What a sight! I was getting hornier by the minute.

Three hours and a lot of drinks later, we were pretty drunk and the situation at the place had not gotten any better. Thomas, for all purposes, had given up and at that moment turned to me and asked me innocently, "So, did you figured out the "something" you mentioned earlier? Because I am horny as hell and my dick's in a lot of pain, ready to explode!"

"Is it now? It must be quite a sight!" I said excitedly to see his reaction.

"Yeah, it is! I can't stand it. Let's get out of here and call it a night!" Thomas said.

We walked back toward our suites, arriving at Thomas' first. I was so nervous because I didn't know if had understood my innuendos. He turned to face me and said good night and that he had a great time.

I nodded and responded, "I meant what I said Thomas: 'It must be quite a sight!'…" He looked at me like he didn't understand; I am sure that his state of drunkenness had something to do with it, and at this point, I didn't care anymore what he thought. I was horny as hell and wasn't about to stop.

My hand stretched out and reached for his groin. His cock was flaccid and as soon as Thomas felt my hand, he moved, no, jumped back, startled. "Don't be scared," I told him, "Relax…let me give you the pleasure that you're looking for tonight." He stood still, while my hand reached again and massaged his tool. I felt it growing inside the tight leather. It felt wonderful.

"Thomas, let's go inside your suite." I said. "I don't know, Dan. I am not sure I want this." He responded.

"Listen, Thomas, your horny as hell and I am horny as hell. Your cock was ready to explode a few minutes ago. Just think of me as your girl toy, but with a nice, big, protruding clit!" I told him, "What do you say? We can have a lot of fun tonight."

His mouth was hanging open from my statement, but I could see his eyes losing focus from the wonderful hand job he was getting from me. His cock was now standing fully erect and it felt awesome in my hand. It was my second time with a man, and I was certainly enjoying it. "OK," He said quietly and opened the door to his suite.

Once in the suite, I moved closer to him and tried to kiss him. He stopped me on my tracks and told me that he just couldn't do that; even if I was his toy girl for the night. I accepted it and moved on. I slowly unbuttoned the rest of his shirt and took it off. His muscular chest was like a magnet and I started sucking and licking his skin inch by inch, from his neck down to his nipples. He moaned, "uhmmmm." And I kept sucking, first one nipple, then across to the other and back again, until they were completely erect, full of rushing blood. They tasted sooo sweet in my mouth.

I dropped to my knees and my face was at his navel. I kissed and sucked it and sucked all around his flat stomach area. It felt so good. I could taste the salt of the ocean and it felt so fresh. He was enjoying it too. All I could hear were his moans!

Then I undid his pants and with my hands at each side of his hips grabbing the pants, I slid them off. He was left with his tight/tiny black underwear. His cock again outlined clearly against the shiny fabric, hard as a rock.

I kissed his cock slowly…from his groin through the base, the shaft, all the way to the tip…but over his briefs. The fabric was all wet from my saliva. "Ohhhhh…uhmmmm…my gosh…that feels awesome…so goooood," Thomas was irrationally saying. I had him on the brink of an orgasm, but I was only teasing him.

Then I moved down to his massive black legs. They were so powerful and I licked them, first on the inside of his thighs, going down to his knees, where I turned him and kissed the back, soft part of the knee and then moved up and sucked the back of his thighs. I WAS IN HEAVEN! MY COCK WAS SO HARD, THAT IT HURT. THE FEELING OF SEX AND ECSTASY WAS UNCONTROLLABLE. 

Thomas, himself, removed his underwear. I knew he couldn't wait anymore! His ass was right at my face. Have you ever seen a muscular, tight, rounded black ass? If you haven't you are missing a beautiful, erotic sight. When I saw his ass, I just started licking slowly, moaning, from where the fleshy meat of the butt starts at his legs, all the way up. First the right and then the left, and then I went down his crack. HE ALMOST DIED WHEN HE FELT MY TONGUE GOING DOWN HIS CRACK!

I felt his balls underneath hanging and spread his legs. Thomas spread them without resistance. I put his testicles in my mouth and sucked softly. "Oh my god…" he moaned. Then with my fingers, I spread his ass wide open and licked from his balls to his anus. He tasted great. I knew he was clean because he had taken a shower earlier. His cock was so HARD. ENGORGED, THE MUSCLE WAS PUMPED UP WITH BLOOD.

I grabbed it with my hands and stroked him, while I continued sucking his anus. Then I moved one my hands and started massaging his asshole with my middle finger. I tried to penetrate him, but it was impossible. We had to get some lubricant, but I wasn't ready to stop and I wasn't sure he'd want to go all the way. I had to get him to the point of no return. He wasn't there yet.

So, I moved to his front, still on my knees, and put my lips to his engorged head. I kissed softly first and then I sticked out my tongue and licked it. He was beyond himself! I licked down on the shaft to his balls. My goodness, it felt great! At this time, I opened my mouth and swallowed whole his beautiful black cock. "Ohhhhhhh...my god…you are a great cocksucker!…uhmmmm…take me all!" Thomas said.

I stopped and told him to lie down on the bed. He did. I got on top of him in the 69 position. I wanted to see if by putting my dick on his face, he would take it. I started swallowing him again and this time, I deep-throated him. I took all of his seven inches. His cock was lodged in my throat. Five minutes passed, I was hearing him moaning, and all of a sudden I felt his mouth in my dick. Ohhhh, it felt wonderful. He was inexperienced, but I didn't care. I was already close to cumming.

It was then, that I licked my middle finger and while deep-throating him, I started massaging his anus again. He was sooo close. I could feel him! I stuck my middle finger in his asshole and he squirmed. Then all of a sudden, I felt his cum shooting down my throat. I just swallowed every spurt. It was so much that when I raised my mouth, some of it rolled out on his cock, but I cleaned him good. I wasn't going to waste one drop!

On the other side, with him moaning and grunting, he kept sucking me and I just couldn't handle any more pleasure. Without telling him, I came as hard as he did before, in his mouth. He freaked and pushed me up, so I just kept on coming on his face. He got my jism in one his eyes, his lips and hair.

That was all for the night. He got up, cleaned himself and told me that was the best cocksucking he had ever had. I got dressed and asked him if we could do it again in the week. "You bet, my toy girl! I will be here in my suite, waiting for you every single night this week." He said.

I was there every single night! From the second on, he fucked me in the ass and I fucked him. It was a wonderful week. We still keep in touch and when I go back to the Dominican Republic, I meet him at my hotel!