 So here I was in the backroom of Tree's sex shop having just cum four times at the hands of my TGirl coach Sarah and the aid of her milking machine being asked what I wanted to do about the four black males standing before me. I had never been less interested in fucking or coming again in my life so I had no reason to stay there I was free to go but that's when I realized I had indeed changed, had become someone else or my true self as I wanted nothing more than to take on all four hard black cocks but at the moment I wasn't sure it was my decision to make.

The one I'll call Meat, on account of what he was advertising underneath his sweat pants, took some issues with Sarah.

"What did you invite us over here for Sarah, I thought it was for a hot chick like last time, not a white dude," he said and the others chimed in agreement.

"Oh please, why don't you think we didn't let her take her skirt off or let her fuck you?"

"No way," Meat countered.

"And you remember how good it felt, you said so," she offered.

The other three talked smack and asked Meat what was up. He explained he was here with other guys from his crew last time and the chick was hot. They talked back, gave him a hard time. Then the one I'll call Glasses for the obvious reason looked me over.

"I gotta say white boy here looks like he must be half black," he said in reference to my cock that dangled long and thick.

The other guys then gave him some smack and he said he'd been in prison and he wasn't bashful. He took out a very nice cock and started stroking. He was smaller than my ten inches but black cocks always look so good no matter the size, I wasn't sure why it was just so. 

"I don't know. You're off the menu I assume Sarah," he asked.

"Yes, my secret sauce is off the menu. I would take what you could get, at least three or four of you need a shower, you boys are dirty," Sarah offered.

"Hey we're working men, your boy called us in straight from a job," he countered.

"Still if this boy will take you under those circumstances I say he has the hunger, what better type of person to get down with," she said.

She then pulled one tit from her bra and licked her own nipple. The men groaned and even Meat grabbed himself through the sweats. She replaced the tit and the guys complained but I'd had enough, I went to my knees and pulled down Meat's sweatpants and took that huge slab out. It was immense and uncut and so nice to look at. I put as much in my mouth as I could and Meat groaned immediately.

"Damn, white boy has some skills," he said.

Glasses moved in and watched, complimenting Meat on his size. The one in carpenter shorts pulled his out and started stroking also and he looked to be about eight inches. I wanted them all but I was focusing on their leader first. Meat was quickly hardening into what would turn out to be around eleven inches and impressive that it stood straight out despite gravity.

I pulled back and focused on his sensitive head. Flicking my tongue all around and then licked at his beautiful balls some. But when I put several inches back into my mouth and used my other two hands to stroke him he really started to harden and his legs were shaking a bit. I extended my tongue along its length as I sucked.

"Shit princess white boy is alright, damn this shit feels good," he said.

Glasses and carpenter shorts were stroking faster but seemed okay just to watch. The last man, with the apparent big balls, just watched from the corner and remained clothed. I spit into my hands and then put the two hands back onto the base of his cock and stroked and turned my hands as the rest of him went in and out of my mouth. He seemed not to mind.

"Shit Princess, you really like black dick don't you?"

"Yes, I want your cum all over my face, all of you, I want all these hard black cocks to cum on my face," I said.

I went back to sucking and the group seemed to get more excited at my pronouncement. Glasses was stroking his hard cock with one hand and then a nipple with the other, I wondered what he had experienced in prison. 

"You want me to cum on that white bitch face princess? Is that what you want?" Meat asked.

I nodded but kept up the pressure on his cock and could feel him throbbing; I could sense he was getting near. 

"Shit white boy, suck that black cock princess, Daddy's gonna cum for you, all over your white bitch face cocksucker," he said so pretty like.

I increased my efforts and went deeper and faster. He was trying now to face fuck me and was growling like crazy and calling me many variations of princess which I found I liked.

"Oh shit princess, here it comes," he warned.

He tried to pull out so he could come on my face but I grabbed his legs and pulled him deeper into my mouth; really flicked my tongue underneath the thick meat and then it came.

"Shit princess, ahhhhh, fuck, ahhhhhh take that black cum white boy, fuck, aaaarrrrggghhh, oh fuck yeah, fuck yeah, aaaaaaahhhhhhh!"

He spurted so much I almost choked but I swallowed as much as I could around his cock though some dripped out the side of my mouth. I held him deep in my mouth and kept sucking.

"Shit white boy, take this, gimme your face, ahhhhhh, fuuucckk yeeeeahhhh!" Glasses yelled and unloaded on my face.

Some of glasses cum spurted on meat but he didn't seem to mind, he was in his happy place. He kept growling and kept fucking my mouth. I knew he was done but kept sucking. Meat seemed to appreciate this. When I finally released him he looked down on me.

"I thought you wanted me to cum on your face," he said. Disappointed?

"You're not done cumming yet stud," I smiled.

I reached for Carpenter Shorts and quickly convinced him to lie on the floor. I bent over and started sucking him and raised my ass in the air. Carpenter's eyes bugged out as I slowly took him all the way in my mouth. After Meat I was able to take a lot more of Carpenter in. He was bugging out and also called me his little white princess. I slapped my ass to get Meat's attention and as Sarah handed him lube he got the idea.

"Damn you are a black cock slut Princess aren't you?"

I moaned yes but couldn't be heard over Carpenter's moans. His cock throbbed so hard in my mouth and had a strong curve that tried to curl up to his belly. In fact when it slipped out of my mouth at one point it smacked hard onto his belly. Meat lubed me up and pressed hard against me and found it welcoming. I was in heat, it went in somewhat easily.

I thought in the moment that tree had rescued me from whatever life I was living before, this was what I wanted, what I needed, what I always should have been doing. I had no feelings for my ex-girlfriend at all. I did think of Flavia but knew I would always get on my knees for black cock so I wasn't sure if we had a future together or not.

Then all went blank. Meat was tearing my ass up. It felt soooooooo good I wanted to scream but I was keeping my mouth on Carpenter. Suddenly Carpenter pushed me off and stood up.

"Give me that face white boy!"

I looked up but had to close my eyes as I was I n too much pleasure with Meat pounding me even faster at the sight of what Carpenter was about to do.

"Fuck yeah white boy, fucking take it slut, fuckkkkkk, ah yeahhhhhh..."

I didn't see it but he had a huge load, I felt splash after splash paint me. I loved every second and then Meat pulled out and threw me down on the floor on my back. He quickly slid in from on top of me, all the way, pushing until he bottomed out. He held his head next to mine, his breath heavy and hot and commanding.

"You like me this deep in your ass princess," he growled.

"Yes fuck me with that huge black cock, fuck me harder," I begged.

He complied. He was pounding maybe even harder than mistress, clearly taking out some pent up frustrations. My cock was bouncing everywhere and the two who already came were cheering Meat on. Meat didn't need it, he was pounding good letting me know I was his little white bitch and then I felt him hit the point of no return. He suddenly pulled out and aimed his cock at my face.

"Take it princess, take this black dick, aaaauuuughhhhh, fuck yeah, aaaaarrrrr!"

He squirted several long ropes then shook the dribbles at my face. He howled in relief when he was done.

"Damn Sarah, you weren't kidding. You know I own the construction company so you get tits on princess here and I'll treat my crew here for bonuses from time to time for real. You have a pretty mouth princess and you can really take it deep, shit I have pussies that can't do that," he said. 

The other two agreed even though one of them had only jacked himself off but I wasn't one to remind him of such. I couldn't answer back and couldn't even see I was covered in so much cum so Sarah handed me a warm towel and I cleaned off. Then we all noticed the last guy in the corner. 

"Clyde, for real man you should get some," Meat said.

"Nah, skills or no skills, there's nothing he can do," Clyde said sullen.

Everyone egged him on, called him a pussy for not showing and not participating. Clyde finally shrugged and dropped his shorts down and no lie we all gasped at once. Clyde's black cock was as thick around as a forty ounce, the business end of a forty ounce! Not even tree was that thick. He wasn't very long, maybe seven inches but it was that thick and he wasn't even fully hard.

"From working construction my hands are such I can't even jack off, my hands cramp up. I meet very few women who can take it and there ain't no ass that's gonna take it," he said, defeated.

He wasn't lying. I know I can't take more than Tree and there's no way he could do anything without causing damage but the look on the poor man's face was one of desperation. He was half heard from watching but half soft knowing there was nothing he could do. I approached him.

"Clyde, I'm not gonna lie, I can't take that monster but I want your black cum, will you let princess take your black cum, will you let me help you," I pleaded.

His eyes seemed to plead back as he nodded. I licked the bottom of his cock and raised the cock with one of my hands. I couldn't close my hand around him so I could see any jacking would require two hands just to be able to stroke it. He moaned as I flicked my tongue around the underside. I then sucked at each of his immense balls. Those I was able to get into my mouth one at a time and I sucked hard on them and swirled each one around in my mouth and he seemed appreciative. Then I sucked at the sensitive spot under his dick but he wasn't fully hard.

"Baby for what princess wants to do to help you we have to get you hard and that's a lot of blood you need between your legs, will you trust me? Will you let princess help you?"

Again he nodded desperate. Then other men were watching intently and they all gasped as I spun around Clyde and licked his ass. I flicked slowly at first and then I really dug my tongue in there, grabbing at Clyde's legs to keep him still but his legs were getting wobbly and he hissed in pleasure. I reached around and touched him, it was working he was getting hard.

I eyed something on the floor and nodded to Sarah and she got the idea. She grabbed the milking machine and poured some lube on Clyde's dick then ever so slowly pushed the tube over Clyde's dick. He moaned in appreciation and then she turned it on. Clyde's legs were really shaking as it started stroking him up and down and I licked even harder on his ass. 

"Fuck princess, fuck yeah, lick that black ass, make Daddy hard," he was moaning and reached for the tube as if to stroke himself off but he abandoned that when Sarah kicked it up to ten. 

I licked faster and grabbed his balls with one hand and rolled them. One of his legs was shaking uncontrollably and I was worried he would fall. Then I removed my tongue and stuck a single finger into his ass. He bolted straight, stiff, and then...

"Oh is this real, oh fuck princess, fuck yeeeeeahhhhhh!" he screamed.

I kept the finger in place but leaned around him to watch the huge cum load fill the tube. He squirted so many hard shots in a row against the top plastic part of the tube as if he hadn't come in months and maybe he hadn't.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," he yelled.

As he settled and tried to catch his breath he reached around and pulled my hand away from his ass then he struggled to get the machine off. As soon as it was off he pushed me to the floor and laid on top of me, his wet cock pressed against mine, the two of us chest to chest and he had me in a bear hug, holding me uncomfortable tight.

"Thank you. Thank you Princess," he kept saying and was humping his dick at me as if searching a pussy that would fit. 

I looked to Sarah and she winked at me. I knew I would see all these guys again but as paying customers. Indeed as they all left Sarah reminded me that when I finally get my big tits I could breast fuck Clyde and she was certain he would be a regular now. Sarah said she saw all she needed to see, I had passed the test, I was deep at heart a slut and now I could live that life and that soon I would be a real TGirl and she would be my trainer.

I told her to make the appointment with the doctor, I was ready.