 So after a lengthy cleanup of myself and Ashley, we said a fond goodbye to the lovely porn theater and I gave her a ride home. She informed me she had watched my little adventure and said would I be working for Tree. I countered I didn't even have time to process what had just happened back there in the theater but I admit I was feeling very satisfied in a way I never had before.

I dropped Ashley off and left to go home, just to be sure I could and was pleased not to see a Tree or a Stretch or any of his like blocking my passage out. And then soon I was home but it felt different, it seemed to me maybe things were out of place but in the end I just reckoned it was me who changed, my place weren't no different than when I left it except maybe for an extra few days of dust. 

Thankfully my bed felt the same and I was quick with the sleep after such an active weekend. I won't lie none when I say most of my dreams returned to being taken in the glory hole by Tree. The size of his member just wouldn't clear my head, not that it bothered me much but it did mess with my tired penis which kept stirring hard even though there was no fight left in it. 

After a few days of rest and errands, I was free of work for the week due to a vacation, I found myself checking out women just like in the old days, whereas the men I only seemed to check out at various urinals I found myself at. So far at least it appeared my interest in the same sex was restricted to their cocks only which was fine by me. 

But after seeing the women I realized I was interested in testing those waters again and I remembered an open invitation from just a few days ago, a reunion with some friends that had started me off on this journey. So I dialed Becky and asked if she were still amendable to me fucking her and after the scream in my ear died down I explained to her there was something I wanted to try so I had one stipulation. She liked what I asked and breathily inquired if I'd mind if she cum right then and there over the phone. I mentioned I'd gladly listen but the sooner I hang up the sooner I'd be there. She decided to hold off on her pleasure.

When I arrived Becky was already close to nude, just wearing a silk robe. Mark was in shorts and a muscle shirt and he appeared glum given the situation. Becky ran right up and gave me a big old kiss which I thought was rather sweet. She said she'd be right back whilst she freshened up and that's when Mark turned to me.

"Dude, we cancelled on someone tonight for you so I want to make sure you don't bail again," he said. "And the touching thing, I never do that, I just like to see guys banging my wife, it turns me on. It's just you're the biggest we've ever had here so I guess I got..."

"Rambunctious?" I offered.

"Yeah, so no bailing okay?"

I put his mind at ease but it was clear to me that Becky hadn't relayed my requirement for the evening and I wasn't sure why but that thought left my head as Becky reappeared minus the robe. I'm not going to lie I'd seen her before but this time I was seeing her with desire in my heart and balls and she was like an angel's hot cousin. 

Seeing the curves and heft of real breasts was exciting even though I'd enjoyed fake ones all weekend. Different was good. Mark and I stripped quickly and Becky danced in between us making grabs here and there and kissing on necks and such as we disrobed. When I pulled off my underwear my readiness became apparent. Becky grabbed it quick while Mark looked on.

"Shit, I think it's bigger than I remember. I wanted you in my ass while mark fucks me but I think we'd need to do it the other way around." She said as she leaned down to lick.

I wasn't going to inform her that it was quite possible to take that and more in that particular area but truth be told I was achingly hungry for some pussy tonight, it was a growing need fueled even more as I dipped a finger inside her and found her already wet which is the nicest of surprises.

"Oh I can't wait to have this in me, you want to see him fuck me Mark?"

Mark just nodded, he of few words. He was big on the staring though, but I've been there, I understood. Becky started to lift my hard on to her lips, wanting to fuck right there standing in the living room but I pushed her gently away and said for what I wanted to do it would require a bed. They were agreeable and quick to get us there. 

Mark was as hard as could be even though he hadn't been touched yet. Becky finally went down on him to not preclude him from events but she quickly moved her mouth back to my hardness and I lifted her.

"Mark, I need to ask your permission as there's some things I want to do to your girlfriend right now, one being a real hard fucking, are you cool with that?" I asked and again with the head nod and what sounded like a gulp.

With that nod I lifted Becky straight off her feet threw her on her back onto the bed then grabbed her heels and pulled her until her pussy was right at the edge of the bed. I leaned up and kissed her breasts, cupped them, waited for her nipples to crinkle up good so I knew she was ready, though her moaning was giving me a clue she was ready as was her thrusting her pussy up to touch, well apparently anything, she was grinding against my torso as I worked those amazing tits good. Mark in the meantime was on his knees on the bed and she was stroking his dick while he watched me work.

I kissed my way down her breasts, kissing the underside of each which caused her to get a bit edgier in her moaning and then I finally kissed my way down her belly and past her nice landing strip. It had been a while since I had tasted pussy so I dove in eager, getting excited but I had to remind myself I was here to service tonight. She gasped as my tongue licked her lips. She tried to grind her pussy into my face but I used a hand to hold her back, there'd be time for that, slow down cowgirl.

I licked some more, teased some more, got her dripping nice and good then I really moved my tongue in deep and she moaned and ground real good, my face was getting wet. I then moved my tongue to her clit and she got real crazy. She had a pretty one, big enough to get my lips on and suck a bit. She was squirming and seemed ready but that's when I backed off. She growled in frustration and Mark yelped in pain.

"What did you do buddy, she's grabbing me too hard, she's pissed off," he said.

"I stopped,"

"You promised, remember," he looked disappointed.

"Don't worry I said," and then she moaned and ground her hips as I slid my two middle fingers into her pussy, nice and deep until I found her G-spot.

"Oh fuck baby, yeah like that baby!"

She was squirming something fierce so I figured Mark didn't know this trick. I used my tongue and licked at her clit at the same time and used my free hand to put slight pressure on her abdomen. I stroked the two fingers towards me in a come- hither motion and it kept touching her little spot. She arched her back and took a deep breath and just held it as she kept her body elevated off the bed with her legs. I just followed her body and stayed in there with her.

She then finally released her breath and body and dropped back into place on the edge of the bed. Her body was suddenly covered in a sheen of sweat and her hair was growing damp and sticking to her forehead which I could barely see from my position.

"Oh fuck this feels good, keep doing that baby, oh fuck it's good it's good, it's good!" she might have mentioned.

Meanwhile as I worked a steady and quick rhythm on her, Mark was now standing near me stroking himself while watching us. He seemed to be enjoying himself. 

"Uh, oh, uh, baby, oh, uh, oh, it's coming, I think it's coming, I think..."

The way she was going on I'd argue she wasn't thinking at all. She was bucking something fierce and with the hand I had on her abdomen I felt a rhythm and twitching in her gut which meant she was right, it was coming, soon.

"Oh shit I have to pee," she said and slowed her movement slightly. 

I backed off her clit for a second and looked to Mark and said, "it's not pee, tell her to ride it out, and let it go if she feels like she needs to." Then I went back to work.

"Baby, it's not pee," he said.

"It feels like I have to pee," her head was thrashing side to side and breathing hard.

"But it feels good, right?" he asked.

She just bit her lip and shook her head emitting an animalistic groan.

"Then ride it our baby, just go with it, if you feel you need to pee then do it, let it go baby, let it go." He said and it was helping.

"Fuck yeah, fuck my pussy, oh, uh, oh, yeah it's coming, it's coming, of fuck I'm gonna, ahhh commmmmmmiiiiinnnggg!" 

I pulled my fingers out and worked the clit more rapidly and suddenly along with Becky's screams she was squirting several feet. She raised her body again and was shaking.

"Ohhhhhhh shit! Oh fuck yessssssssssssssss!" she screamed and dropped down onto the couch, continuing to shake.

So then I quickly rose up, my dick was rock hard now and I twisted her so she'd be on her back again instead of her side. She looked at me a little unfocused.

"That was just your hand," she gasped and saw me moving in, my hardness moving towards her pussy.

"No, I need a minute, I'm too sensitive, too sensitive," she was gasping.

I leaned my whole body over hers, keeping my weight off her just by millimeters. I freed one hand to remove her damp hair from her eyes and looked right into them.

"You trust me Becky, right?"

She nodded.

"I said that wasn't pee, right?"

She shook her head, still searching for breath and said, "I think I squirted."

"You did, you did it real good, now if you trust me, riding this out too and letting me inside you will feel better if you don't wait.

"Too sensitive."

"I know but you trust me, so how about just a little, how's that sound," I asked.

She nodded, "Maybe just a little."

And as I was already over her I simply slid the first few inches into her wet opening. Her eyes went wide and locked on mine, she was still a bit glassy. I started moving back and forth inside her but only those first few inches and soon she was matching me and trying to force herself further onto me but I held her in check and continued the miniature thrusting motion and she was groaning and regaining her senses until finally I decided enough teasing and thrust all the way inside her my whole length. I held it there for a good minute.

"Oh fuck I'm coming, oh fuck, oh fuck, it's feels so good, you're cock is making me come!" 

She shook through her orgasm and then from there I just started to pound, I was fucking her hard, just sensing that's what she wanted.

"Oh fuck it's so good, you're so damn big, fuck my pussy, fuck me!" she yelled. 

I thought that's what I was doing. Mark was rock hard and stroking himself. I pounded her pussy a good bit longer and then pulled out and quickly yanked her up to a doggy style position. I slid it in slow in this new position and she ground her face into the bed.

"Oh fuck! Pound me, pound me hard! Pound my pussy!"

"Take Mark's cock in your mouth," I urged to get him back into play. 

He jumped over and filled her mouth. She took it all in and was slurping like she was mighty hungry and he was groaning while the sound of me slapping hard into her filled the air. She was groaning and growling around his cock. Then I reached down and stroked her clit as I fucked her. She spit mark's cock out.

"Cuuuuummmmming, fuck, cummmming, oh fuck, fuck yeeeeeaaaaahhhh."

"Want me to stop?" I asked when she was done and she violently shook her head.

"Fuck me baby, please don't ever stop fucking me," she said before filling her mouth with Mark's cock again.

I obliged, not sure exactly how long forever was. It felt real nice to be in a pussy again and I found I had more control and stamina than I used to, maybe having been used to tighter areas recently, though don't get me wrong, she was nice and tight but an ass is a whole other orifice. She suddenly slowed her motions and I looked to see what was happening, she looked up at Mark and I understood.

"Are you about to cum Mark?"

"Oh yeah so close!"

With that I pulled out quick from Becky and jumped over to them and Becky took her mouth off and I sucked him in deep. He froze and what felt imminent appeared to recede a bit though he still stayed hard.

"What the fuck?" he asked because Becky didn't make the deal known.

"Sweetie, the deal I made with Jack was he got all your come today, he wants to try tasting it and he trusts you," she finally explained.

"No, I... oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuuuuccckkkkk!"

Apparently he'd made up his mind or another part of him made up his mind because he started to shoot. It was amazing, the first shot was so strong that I almost gagged as it hit the back of my throat but then it just slid right down, and then there was spurt after spurt after spurt. Mark was a shooter Mark was. It felt so warm and it filled my mouth and then I simply swallowed and refocused on the cock in my mouth. He was groaning in appreciation.

"Do you like that baby?"

He just nodded his eyes had stayed closed through the whole thing; there was a look of confusion mixed with pleasure on his face.

"You like having that man suck on your cock, it's so hot baby, look at him sucking on it baby, you like it?"

He finally opened his eyes and looked down, a bit glassy eyed like he was still recovering from the orgasm but he hadn't softened at all.

"It's good, it's really, really good," he said.

I finally pulled my mouth off of him and he was panting hard. I was ready to move on to the next stage of the night when suddenly he got this look on his face.

"Wait, there's more," he said frantically.

His dick was twitching mightily on its own and I bent back down and took him in my mouth again and instantly danged if he didn't shoot another load down my throat. He made different noises, one more close to surprise as he filled me with a bit less and I took it down my throat gracefully.

Then I came up for air and he looked to find his breath when I announced," you want to tell him my other stipulation Becky?"

"What? No, no more stipulations," he said nervously.

Becky was pressed to him from behind and whispered in his ear, "Mark, honey, sweetie, I promised Jack he could do an ass fuck today."

He started to shake his head and said, "No, not that, no fucking way, I can't take that!"

"I've taken bigger Mark it can be done and feels might right if I must say," I offered.

"Really?" he asked eyes wide with curiosity and then he shook his head again.

"Baby I promised so it's me or you and I know I can't take that monster, it would hurt too much, you don't want me hurt do you?"

He shook his head. 

"Thank you sweetie and it will make me so hot, so hot to see a hard cock in your ass," she said and his softened cock jerked at the words so I knew I was in. "Just do it for a minute, just a minute and we've lived up to our promise."

"Just a minute is cool?" he asked me and I nodded.

Becky was quick to produce some lube and then we were all on the floor before the bed. Becky handed it to Mark and asked him to lube himself up good while she sucked me to get me hard and ready to go. As soon as she felt I was ready she took her mouth off and grabbed some lube and added it to my cock nice and good. There was a chair nearby and I sat in it.

"Mark, I'm going to be nice about your first time, I'm going to let you control it," I said and he looked a bit relieved.

I sat in the chair and he turned his back to me and started to squat down. Becky held my cock up straight and was guiding it towards his ass. As he made contact she rubbed my cockhead around his opening, just massaging it which he seemed to enjoy. She started to press it in but he lifted.

"Wait, wait, I don't think I can do it."

"Honey, it looks so hot his hard cock next to your ass, it'll be good baby, promises, I know you need a hard cock in your little pussy, I know you need to be fucked good," she whispered in his ear and it worked, he dropped down and she guided him onto it, just about an inch.

"Oh fuck no, it hurts, shit it hurts! You said a minute, I'm done," he said.

"Mark, this battle's a matter of inches, it gets better as it goes, and the minute was me inside you," I offered.

"You're a fucking monster dick dude!"

But he pushed a tiny bit further which didn't help but as he did it got worse and he yelped in pain and I knew he was going to pull off me but then as he tried to his right foot slipped on some of the lube that was pooling below us and he fell several more inches onto me and froze.

"Oh!" he said simply. Been there done that. 

He'd clearly found the spot where it didn't quite hurt as much as it felt good. He pressed on further and Becky was gasping at the sight, she had started a pussy rub in front of us while she watched. He got all the way in and stopped.

"Oh my God baby, you did it, you're tight little pussy took his huge cock, you did it baby, does it feel good? How's it feel?"

"Full," he said.

"Full is good right?" she asked.

"Full is very good," he said and started to rise, slowly.

He started to ride me then and got into a good rhythm, riding up and down and grunting as he did so. His dick was still soft but it was pretty flopping all around. Becky was fingering good now.

"Baby you look so hot being fucked, so hot with that cock in your ass, you look like such a good sissy," she said and her words went straight to his dick as it got hard again. "Yeah take that hard cock you sissy whore, look at you taking that huge dick you little whore, fuck it baby, fuck that hard cock and make it cum baby, get that hard thing to explode in your nasty pussy!"

I was afraid with her words I was likely to do just that so I grabbed Mark to stop him and could tell he was close too. He was confused as I pushed him all the way off but as I rose to meet him I told him to lie on the bed. He did and I stood over him as Becky got closer and curious.

"I want you to know Mark that I never moved in that chair not once, you were fucking me with your tight hot ass, that was all you, but now I'm going to do you a favor and I'm going to fuck you."

His eyes grew wide with fright.

'Don't worry, not like I do Becky, I'm going to make your tight little pussy feel good, do you want your little pussy to feel good?"

He nodded and I noticed he'd gone real quiet since all our man to man shenanigans had started. But he grunted as I entered him while he was lying on his back. I pushed in much easier this time all the way and gave him a moment to adjust. I heard a specific groan on my way inside him that I was looking for then I pulled all the way out and gently fucked him a few times, he was already warming up and tried to hump up to get me to move faster but I had something in mind.

After a few strokes I'd pretty much figured out where his prostate was and could feel it a bit too so I moved the head of my cock to that area and slowly fucked back in forth just a matter of inches over and over in the same spot. He was heaving his chest.

"Oh wow," he managed to start speaking again. "Oh yeah, uh, uh, oh, it's, ungh, oh, what, oh..."

Becky leaned in all a whisper in his ear saying, "you're pussy feel good sweetie, you like being fucked?"

"Oh, I, nnnnn, uh," he moaned and then found his voice. "Fuck me daddy! Oh fuck my pussy good daddy! Give me that hard cock, oh fuck me Daddy, fuck me, ooooohhh I'm cooooming, oh God I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming!"

He was saying it but when I looked down his dick was jerking but not shooting but he was yelling about how hard he was coming so I'm sure somehow he was. Then suddenly his cock did spurt all over the place up and down his chest and some up to his face. He raised his body and tensed every muscle including the one wrapped around my cock.
