 The ride back from the frat to the hotel was a whirlwind of information and feelings. The ladies were celebrating my first job and saying how well I did though Ashley teased that she missed my "tits" which were now sitting in the back of our vehicle. Flavia, pressed against me in the back seat suggested she liked me both ways just fine, which I enjoyed until the other "ladies" starting riding me about my face going red which only made it worse.

Flavia then offered she thought it was cute and gave me a soft kiss on the lips. As I mentioned before she seemed all woman to me, more than the others somehow if it weren't for that uncut cock under her clothing, not that there was anything wrong with that lately as I'd discovered several times. The kiss was electric and thoughts of my ex-girlfriend were being faded for good. 

Ashley eyed the kiss from the rear view mirror and smiled at me, she knew I was in trouble with this one. I had so much I wanted to ask her, starting with if she were single but before I could ask a question she closed her eyes and went to sleep leaning against me. I played lightly with her hair with my arm that was around her shoulders and I could tell at least that part was real; she was not wearing a wig.

Her soft large tits pressed against me combined with the Viagra I had taken were forcing my dick hard as I didn't come at the frat house. I needed relief badly but couldn't ask it from anyone in the vehicle as I didn't have a relationship with any of them in the sense that I could ask for sex at any given time. I figure that's reserved for their clients and their partners. I wanted to ask Flavia desperately but of course first I would have to take her on a date. I figured maybe I could have another threesome with Becky and Mark, they left an open invitation, hell they've been texting me every day since I last had sex with them.

That was to be the plan, I needed relief and they could provide it. I had to admit despite being surrounded by so many hot "women" lately I still had a craving for good ole home-style pussy. Thinking about it just got me harder. Flavia's hand in sleep seemed to sense it and gripped it and she smiled dreaming of hopefully my cock.

It hit me that I never saw any money change hands and I asked Ashley about it, she informed me that Tree took care of everything so we would never get busted for anything as we had never exchanged services for money, all we are is girls who like to have fun. I knew I liked Tree. And just like that I was suddenly thinking about Tree again, the biggest hardest cock I had ever seen and what that thing had done to me in the adult bookstore. I was fully hard now and wanted to jerk off so bad but felt it wouldn't be polite in mixed company.

As we got back to the hotel I quickly jumped in the shower, to get the makeup off my face, I wasn't nearly as pretty without the wig and fake tits but at the end of the day I'd probably have still done me. And that's what I was doing in the shower, myself, hard and fast. I was thinking of Tree taking me and one hand had found one of my nipples, I had never done that when masturbating before but now it felt good and was helping me along.

I was getting close when suddenly Ashley walked in. I hadn't seen her entirely naked too many times and the sight of her that way was going to push me right over the edge until I noticed the look of concern on her face.

"We have a problem Jack," she said and I felt a sense of dread and almost stopped stroking myself, almost.

She grabbed my hand to stop me and pulled me out of the shower.

"Couldn't you give me just another minute?" I begged but she shook her head.

When we entered her bedroom I froze in shock. Standing there was a black "woman" but unlike any I had ever seen. She was a mass of solid muscle. Her thighs were bulging huge, her arms were major guns with veins sticking out, and her abs were exposed beneath her spandex tube top displaying what looked more like and eight pack then a six pack. And underneath her spandex shorts was a huge lump of flesh that even soft was a monster. Her tits had space between them unlike the heavy cleavage of most of the women here but sticking out prominently were her nipples which were clearly pierced.

"On your knees bitch!" she yelled. I winced at the demand but stood my ground, Ashley however was quick to get on her knees.

"You too worm," she yelled and then at lightning speed she slapped up and into my balls, I was down quick, thinking to myself all she had to do was ask.

I was gasping through the pain trying to catch my breath not even fully understanding what was going on but my hard on was deciding the atmosphere was getting a bit toxic so it decided to leave the party. Then she stepped crunching hard on one of my hands.

"Ow" I made the mistake of saying.

"OW what?" she asked and slapped my face. 

"Ow, mistress," I said. Can't say I'm not a fast learner.

"So I got a call from the frat and they wanted some of their money back because they paid for four girls but only got three, explain."

Oh this couldn't be good. I looked to Ashley who seemed very nervous. 

"We thought Jack was ready for a job..." Ashley started but stopped when then she was slapped.

"Call him shithead," she counteroffered. Ashley's face reddened but she didn't hesitate.

"We thought shithead was ready for a job," she started.

In that moment I felt my dick twitch, something about this woman having the power to turn my friend on me without hesitation was, let's just say stirring.

"Everything was going great, the guys didn't know until he lost his breasts mistress," Ashley finished explaining.

"What are you a sissy? Do you not like breasts you little worm!" she asked.

Before I could answer she leaned in and pushed my face hard into her breasts. Being so close to that hardened toned body was exciting but it was hard to breathe.

"No mistress," I murmured as best I could.

"No, you don't like tits?" you are a little sissy aren't you?"

"No, I mean, I don't not love tits, mistress" I said eloquently. "And yes I am a sissy, mistress," so that was out there.

"Bitch, fetch me a collar," she ordered.

I thought at first she was speaking to me and I was afraid to answer I didn't know what she was talking about but Ashley bolted so quickly to a drawer that it became clear Ashley apparently was nicknamed bitch.  Ashley leaned down and I couldn't believe when she fashioned a collar around my neck. Then she hooked a chain to it and handed it to mistress and she went back to the floor.

She stepped off my hand and opened the door and yanked at the chain. I hesitated, suddenly not certain of what I was doing or what was going on. Part of me when this all started was worried there was a catch, that freedom wasn't truly allowed. Was that what was happening here? She slapped that thought out of my head real quick.

"Come on slut, I'm taking my little bitch for a walk."

I started to stand and she slapped up into my balls again, driving me back to knees.

"You crawl, worm," she demanded and I nodded and murmured a yes mistress.

As she led me into the hallway towards the elevator I was so glad that no one was there to see me but then the elevator opened. Standing there were two hot women who I hadn't seen before, one Asian and one white. They smirked at me until mistress barked at them for looking at her disgusting pet. My face reddened, it was so humiliating, but truth be told it was more red from excitement than from embarrassment. As we got in the elevator she told the two women to bring in the troops in twenty minutes.  

We exited the elevator on the top floor and the top floor appeared to only have two suites which must be huge to cover a whole floor. I had started to harden in the elevator just thinking about my humiliating situation and wondering what bring in the troops meant. She steered me to the door on the right. We entered a huge hotel suite, very elegant; I was feeling more out of place with the swank than I was with my being led around on a dog collar truth be told.

Mistress stopped us in the first room and she reached up to peel off her tube top. Her breasts were very full but firm and pulled back towards her chest due to her musculature. Her torso was v shaped and tapered down from a wide chest to very slim waist and tight ass. Her nipples were pierced and extended with two shiny rings. I'd never seen anyone so muscular not even at my gym or even when I played sports. 

She grabbed at the rings and pulled her nipples taught, watching my reaction. 

"You like these tits, you want my tits?" she asked as she leaned them close to my face.

I nodded and she slapped my face. 

"You will never get to touch these, they are for real men, not little clitty bitches like you. Let me show you what a real cock looks like, take off my shorts."

When I pulled them off I was shocked by two things, neither being her balls. One, when I pulled the shorts off her penis flopped and hung straight down it was so heavy and thick and huge, it dangled right there going almost to the knee on her huge muscular legs, knotted with veins. The second was that the head of her cock was pierced by a silver ring at its tip. Recently I lost my girlfriend to a man with a pierced cock who now "owned" her. It looked like maybe it was my turn. 

I'd seen a lot of big cocks lately but besides Tree this was the biggest I'd ever seen. She lifted it and let it drop, causing a pendulum swing and stiffened it slightly. She knelt down and smacked my cock with her own. 

"See what a real cock looks like?"

"Yes mistress, may I suck it?" was all I could muster.

"Yes you can you little sissy bitch."

I reached out and put both hands around it and still had so much hanging out of my grip. I brought it to my mouth and opened as wide as I could. The piercing made it more difficult to take in as she was already huge. I sucked in as much as I could until suddenly I was choking and I had only a few inches in, I had to pull off and breathe in.

"You call that sucking, slut?"

"I'm sorry mistress, you're so big," I countered.

"Stand up slave."

I did and she removed the chain from the collar then grabbed me by my dick which was hardening and pulled me to the bedroom. It was elegant and huge. On the far side of the room hung a red curtain, loosely open, beyond which contained various racks apparently designed for torture. I was ready to formulate an escape plan but was relieved when she instead led me to the giant bed in the center of the room. Or I should say I was relieved for a moment. There were handcuffs with a foot of chain between cuffs attached to the headboard, and the bedposts at the end had some extended woodwork added to it.     

"Everyone who Tree approaches has a special talent, even a little cunt like you. Let me demonstrate. Dee!"

From behind the curtain, a slim firm bodied white woman with smallish but firm tits, an impressive hard cock that curved up at about an eight inch mast, and she was topped off with a short black and blonde hair cut that crested upwards like a bird's crest. She wore nothing but leather boots that rode all the way to her hips, the opening of the boots forming a v just below her cock and balls. 

"Dee, show this little bitch your talent," Mistress demanded.

Dee stuck out her tongue and it was incredible, it was longer than even Gene Simmons' tongue. She licked the air suggestively showing it off. 

"Dee this little cum dumpster needs to be shown how to suck a cock properly."

On cue Dee got on her knees and took Mistress' cock in her mouth and amazingly slid her mouth over it even though it looked near impossible. Dee pushed her head forward and kept going until half of it was inside her mouth. What was amazing though was that her tongue extended slightly beyond her lips which meant Mistress was getting a little extra coverage on her cock. Mistress sucked her stomach in and moaned gruffly then looked at me.

"See this is how you suck cock you little bitch," she said to me, then "no hands" to Dee.

Dee removed her hands and was now rapidly sucking up and down on Mistress' cock. It had grown and was remarkable, jutting straight out even though gravity should make it fall. The sight was stirring things deep inside me and my mind was getting cloudy and I was burning with a lust like I'd never felt before. Soon Mistress pushed Dee away and stroked her cock in my direction.

"Dee get the little cock slut ready for me," she said while stroking.

Dee grabbed two metal rings off a nearby dresser and put one around my balls and one around my growing cock. Cock rings like the night I had my first big black cock, the night Tree took my virginity. Just the thought and the feel of the metal had me stiffening quickly but then when Dee licked the length of my cock with that tongue and then in one gulp took me all the way to the base where her tongue emerged and touched my balls I rocketed to hardness. Having been so desperate to come mere minutes earlier I feared I might blow right here. She pulled off then deep throated a few more strokes until Mistress pulled her off me.

"Oh look, his little clitty is throbbing," Mistress said.

And she wasn't kidding, my cock ached from the pressure of the ring and the head was an angry purple and my dick was bobbing around of its own accord. Mistress stepped up and slapped it hard on the head, sending it flopping around and I grunted in pain. Then she and Dee each grabbed an arm and led me to the bed. I could have fought back but for some reason I was almost rushing to get to the bed.

They had me lay on my back and they secured the handcuffs though I had some freedom of movement due to the length of the chain in between the cuffs. Then Mistress went to the end of the bed, grabbed my legs and yanked my body to the edge of the bed, where my ass rested just on the edge and the chains were now taught. I suddenly realized what the extension on the bedpost were as each of the women attached my leg to each one with Velcro straps that totally immobilized me legs.

I was entirely exposed, my ass open for anyone to do as they pleased. I started to feel a moment of panic but remembering how easily she yanked my whole body across the bed, with such power that I felt okay with being in this submissive dilemma and wondered what was to cum, and then I learned apparently not me. She slapped my cock again, harder.

"Now get this straight you little slut, I'm about to use that little man pussy for my own needs right now. I just got back from the gym and I'm horny as hell, I'm going to slam that ass of yours and breed you until I come," she started.

My cock twitched at the word breeding and she seemed to take notice.

"Does my little sissy slut want my hard black cock to breed you? I think you do you little sissy. That is your talent. You said earlier my cock is so big not too big, that makes you a sissy black cock whore. You didn't ask Tree to stop, you asked for more, most people beg for him to stop. So you white little sissy are a black cock whore."

"Yes mistress," I agreed and meant it.

She motioned to Dee and Dee came up with some sort of lube and generously poured and rubbed it all over my cock stroking it fast and hard and I was building to orgasm again but suddenly my dick first got rather hot and then inexplicably became numb, I couldn't feel the sensations very well of her stroking me. In the meantime Mistress was coating her own cock with a different tube of lube, the shininess made her seem even bigger.

"Here's the rules you sissy bitch. When I fuck you I give you permission to cum. You can cum all you want but your clitty is not allowed to squirt, do you understand?"

She slapped my cock again and the pain felt somewhere in the distance. I nodded my head even though I didn't understand, could I cum or not?

"Dee put a desensitizer on your little clitty just in case you're such a slut that you enjoy when I breed you, but remember this is for me, you are just a piece of man pussy. And Tree was gentle with you, but me, I don't breed ass gently.

She stepped up at the end of the bed and pushed the cockhead against my ass. Despite having taken Tree I grunted and grimaced in pain as she pushed in. I wanted this but it was hurting and burning terribly and the ring on her cock felt immense. She slapped my cock head again and told me to stop resisting. I tried to breathe and relax but my ass was fighting for its life apparently.

So Mistress decided to take control and grabbed my hips and with a grunt shoved herself forward, hard. I actually screamed in pain but suddenly that cock ring broke through the barrier and the feel of that rubbing the inner walls of my ass had me trying to push my ass to her for more. I didn't have to wait, she pushed all the way, it was amazing, and the feelings brought me back to Tree. She wasted no time - slamming me hard and fast.

She was actually growling as she fucked me deep and hard and I looked up and couldn't believe the huge muscular sight before me. I was being taken I was being used and it felt so good. 

"You like that big black dick in your mangina slut?"

"Fuck yes, breed me mistress, breed your sissy slut with that hard thick black cock," I said, adding that sentence to a long list of sentences lately that I never thought I would say.

"Hell yeah I'm going to breed this sissy white ass. Who's your Daddy?"

"You are mistress," I said and received a slap across the face then my dick again even though she never left a beat.

"Who is your Daddy?"

"Tree, Mistress?" I guessed.

"That's right and who's your Mommy."

"You are mistress, you are my Mommy and I'm your little black cock whore."

"Yes you are, and you will do anything for our dicks?"

I nodded, groaning in some new sensations.

"You'll do what we say and fuck who we ask you to?"

"Yes mistress, I'm am your black cock slut, I'm your little whore Mistress,"

"So you'll quit your job and work for us?"

I could only nod. She grunted and fucked me even harder, hands on my hips pumping me like she was trying to get her cock to rip through my stomach like the movie Alien. I was moaning and screaming in pleasure and couldn't get my bearings. Suddenly I felt wetness on my stomach and was nervous, I had forgotten about my dick, did I come, how much trouble was I in? But when I looked at it I saw that pre-cum was just pouring from the head of my cock like a faucet and pouring down over my belly, that was a new one but at least I hadn't cum. Not yet that is.

Suddenly as Mistress got into a groove I felt the piercing, felt it's back and forth with each stroke. I gasped for air and my abdomen started to suck in on itself then back out involuntarily, up and down and I was groaning. I tried to steady my stomach with no success, it was sucking in and out and I didn't know what was happening to me, and then suddenly I threw my head back and my eyes focused on a spot on the ceiling.

Here I was being fucked and slammed like a woman. How many times had I been on the delivering end and the woman saw nothing but ceiling? My stomach was starting to cramp with the in and out motion but then suddenly my eyes went wide and something I couldn't comprehend was happening.

"Ahh, ahh, I can't, uh mistress, please, I can't, oh fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, oh God, oh God, oh fuuuuuuccccckkkkkkk, ah, I'm coming, I'm coming, oh what is this?"

It's lucky they had me strapped down as I was bucking like a bronco and was cumming in a way so deep, somewhere inside, like a woman? All I could see was that spot on the ceiling. As my orgasm subsided I lost some time, not even aware of my surroundings, I was breathing hard, trying to get my body back under control.

It was Mistress' voice growing louder that brought me back. She was pounding me even harder and was pulling on the ring on one of her nipples.
