 **Another essentially true story, but please note that condoms were used for the anal sex with Thomas. Play safe.**

***

Thomas was one of our 2 plumbers, we found him after the first guy who installed our bathroom couldn't be bothered to return and fix a minor leak in the shower. He worked for a company recommended by the neighbour who rents some of our land and then set up his own business. He fitted our second bathroom and toilet but here in France, many plumbers also carry out electrical jobs, something I believed was not common practice- or even allowed- back in the UK.

He isn't really the sort of guy I go for, although he has blue eyes, he's a little bit too blond and from what I saw of his midrift once when his t-shirt rode up as he lifted something he's a little too hairy too. And he is definitely just slightly larger than medium build although in good shape as manual labour has been kind to him. And at 30, still young. But in the looks department, an improvement on the first plumber we had by a long chalk.

My preference would be for a pretty boy, swimmers build, with little or no body hair and a smooth and round arse. But Thomas was at our house, again, to work. The ventilation system, almost certainly about 40 years old, had finally given up the ghost which explained why we had been so cold at the far end of the house in winter and were now roasting in summer. A lull in his schedule allowed him time to check out and order a new unit and finally, a long, hot and sticky week later (sadly not in a good way) he had come to install the new equipment.

We were expecting him and I waited in for him as Dave, my boyfriend, had gone to the gym. The heat was stifling and I soaped up and washed in tepid water but I was, as ever, clean and unperfumed once I had washed and thoroughly rinsed. Thomas duly arrived and we exchanged pleasantries, he drank the obligatory coffee and then set off down the hallway to the boxed-in recess where the old unit was and set about the removal.

He carried it back through the house, to his truck for disposal, and brought the new one back inside, still in the box, to replace the one he had removed. He was wearing a vest as well as his heavy duty workmans trousers, manual labourer's uniform grey and black with massive pockets for tools etc. I checked him out, he was carrying a few pounds too many but was in good shape and I thought that his wife probably thought so too.

I was sweating like a pig and glad I had showered, even though I would need another one, maybe two later in the day. Once Thomas had finished the work, if Dave was horny when he got back from the gym he might give my just-shaved arse crack a good seeing to. After twenty minutes, Thomas came to tell me, as all workmen do, the good news- and the bad. The unit was fitted and working in all of the rooms except the one we slept in, as the gap in the wall narrowed under a windowsill due to a previous owner making a slight internal alteration. Thomas was too big to squeeze through and so would have to wait until his cousin, apparently somewhat slimmer, was free. I asked what needed doing and effectively it was just the pipe from the unit being taken to our bedroom. He thought he could do the rest of the work from inside the room itself.

Well, I was all ready to go along with his suggestion thinking we could sleep in another room but rather stupidly (or sensibly perhaps) suggested I make the trip. It saved Thomas waiting for his cousin and would save us, in turn, waiting for Thomas to come back. After several repeated instructions, torch in one hand and ventilation pipe in the other, I set off crawling along the inner wall. I squeezed through the hatch leading to the gap, little larger than a foot square into a slightly broader area of our inner wall. As I had forgotten the sun hit at the time we were working, I was even hotter and hoping that it would be over an done very quickly. I found the hole and Thomas was waiting, pushed through what I needed to and held things where they needed to be as adjustments were made and screws tightened. Hot as hell, I removed my t-shirt. Thomas asked me if I would do a second trip with a power supply and again, with some careful crawling along, I was able to meet his fingers poking through a small hole in the wall. I then made my way back to get out of the inferno, several fluid ounces of sweat lighter. I passed Thomas my t-shirt to which he seemed surprised. What surprised me was what I did next. I passed him my shorts. I was wearing briefs and left them on, tight black Lonsdale pants, the pouch full of my freshly shaved balls and cock, as I was hoping Dave would wank my smooth tool from behind later as he fucked me.

I told Thomas to get us a couple of bottles of chilled water from the fridge as I squeezed and eased slowly through the very tight gap, trying not to scrape myself on the rough brickwork of the internal walls. He returned and as I finally wriggled into the recess where he was waiting with our drinks, I inhaled good and deep. There was a real manly aroma, I've been in enough sex clubs to know what sweat smells like, and it turns me on. Thomas was there and the hairs on his upper torso were glistening with the beads of perspiration. What I hadn't initially realised was that, in the low lighting, he had followed my lead and removed his top and trousers too!

His underwear was light coloured, probably white, and I could make out the shape of his legs and that his briefs were nicely filled. Just then I heard Dave come in to the house, returning from the gym. I shouted to him, letting him know where we were. I switched the torch back on to illuminate the semi- darkness and Dave stuck his head round the corner so I made sure I let the beam of light reveal exactly what Thomas was wearing and how good he looked. And the briefs he was wearing were clearly packed tight. There was a short period of silence which Dave broke.

"God, it's hot in here." Then he disappeared. 

I heard him open the fridge and there was some shuffling before he returned to join Thomas and I, who both stood there unsure of what we might be doing in a dark confined space stripped down to our underwear. Dave had removed his gym shorts and top too, the only difference being he wasn't wearing underwear and his cute little cock, less than six inches when hard and beautifully circumcised, was starting to swell.

He cupped Thomas's bulge and came out with the understated, corny line of the moment, telling him he was a big boy. I raised my eyebrows and my cock twitched of its own accord. 

Thomas offered no resistance at all, and Dave rubbed the bulge which also started to gain in size. My own cock twitched and I lowered by underwear, stepping out of it and then ran one of my hands down his torso. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Dave continued to stroke and squeeze his bulge and I kneeled down, hoping to get a mouthful of his tool when it had been fully hardened and released from the constraining underwear. Dave pulled at the waistband and it sprang hard and upwards.

The surprise was how much of his bulge was actually his juicy bollocks, each about the same size as a snooker ball. This made his fat but short uncut cock look smaller still but I managed to squeeze my hand around his short, solid shaft and gently pull back the foreskin. Unlike Dave and I, he had a full set of untrimmed pubes and I took his knob end in my mouth and took him deep into my mouth, so his scrotum touched my chin and my nose was buried deep in his bush, which smelled mildly of the days piss and turned me on even more. I bobbed my head up and down on his shafts few times until the first spillage of precum arrived, a generous and tasty amount. And a sure sign he was liking it.

Dave saw I was enjoying myself and knows how good I am at cock sucking, if he isn't pumping his seed up my arse then he's shooting down my throat when I've sucked him to orgasm, and he disappeared again briefly although I guessed (correctly) that he wasn't going to return with a cool drink for us. In fact, he rang naked down the hall with his cock bobbing around, to grab the lube we keep in the bedside drawer and returned with that and some poppers from the back of the fridge.

I stopped sucking on Thomas's cock and started sucking Dave's. One good turn deserves another. Again, he was excited with what had happened, was happening and was about to happen and I was instantly greeted with a generous squirt of his precum. It was less strong and flavousome than Thomas's but his jizz is quite thick so I savoured the contrast. His cock was totally smooth and I cupped his hairless nuts, tiny next to Thomas's, as I sucked. He meanwhile, slowly pumped Thomas's cock shaft, still wet and juicy from having had my mouth wrapped around it.

I stopped sucking on his cock and stood up, Thomas was slightly taller than the two of us and I wanted to lick his armpits dry of the morning's sweat. Dave bent down and licked his knob end as I did so. The taste and smell of his salty perspiration turned me on even more and I knew I wanted more. As Dave was bent down sucking Thomas, he picked up the poppers and handed them to me, then turned me round. I took a deep inhale as he slipped a good dollop of lube on 2 of his fingers around my waiting arsehole, just teasing my anus with the end of one of his fingers. In the dark, I leant in to the hole I had claimed out of earlier as Dave continued to toy with my ring. He parted my legs a little and led Thomas-by the dick- towards my open crack. 

Dave's finger slipped out and I felt the fat head of Thomas's meat pushed against my slippery opening. He rocked and rubbed my crack a few times and fully hardened his shaft. My ringpiece was as ready as it could be although I was unsure that the width of the fat cock would ease in as it does with Dave. I took another deep inhale of the poppers, felt the rush of warmth to my head, and pushed my hips back slowly as Thomas stayed put, his knob end entering my willing- but tight- opening. After the initial coolness of the lube and Dave's fingers, this felt warm and as he thankfully didn't push, I could take it slow. It was an unusual sensation, I could tell he had a fatter dick than Dave but I alternated between clamping down on him hard with my sphincter and totally relaxing, knowing that each moment of little or no resistance, he'd enter me further. 

Dave, meanwhile, shone the torch on the action so both he and Thomas could see him driving me deeper. It turned them both on, Dave loves seeing other guys fuck me. Thomas pumped away simply by clenching his own butt cheeks, still sweating from the heat as he did so. Egged on by Dave, he rocked harder and grabbed my hips as he thrust more energetically. 

I reached back and under my own rock hard cock and balls to squeeze again at his 2 beauties. They were massive and I wanted to drain them, and do so with his jizz filling my arse. And I wasn't disappointed as his breathing moved up a pace and I carefully toyed with them to encourage them to give up their creamy goods. Within seconds, he was spurting his warm and voluminous load in my lower guts, I was pulling him in as much as I could, wanting every dirty drop of his seed. He must have produced seven or eight shots until they finally subsided and he withdrew from my arse, leaving me still bent over the inner hatch with my arse on display, warmed inside from his jizz. Dave took his cue, no further lube needed; I was still slippy from the first lot (and full of Thomas's spunk).

He entered me quicker, enjoying the warmth Thomas had delivered, but went in further and more determined, as he knew by measure where my prostate was in relation to his knob end. He rode over it several times and I knew he wouldn't be long in delivering the goods, so I took my third and final sniff of poppers. My mancunt was loving it and my own cock was throbbing excitedly but I kept my hands off it as I didn't want to shoot, though Dave reached round to caress the area where my pubes once were and stroked my bald bollocks for good measure to make sure I was smooth.

That I was hairless was a big turn on to Dave, as was the fact he'd just seen Thomas fill me up and he was in position to do the same. He slapped my butt cheek hard and told me how bad I had been, then started to thrust his hips and pump away at my hole. My hard on was banging against the wall so I pushed us both back a little, and Dave reached round and took my shaft in one hand, walking me at medium speed, as his own solid rod slid nicely in and out of my juicy ringpiece.

I felt my nuts tighten in my scrotum and knew I could hold off no longer but as Dave started to moan out that he was coming, in the dark and with my head the other side of the hatch, I hadn't seen where Thomas was or what he was doing. He had, unbeknown to me, sat on the floor watching Dave fill my arse, the light from outside illuminating enough for the silhouette of our fuck and wank session to be seen, and grabbed my dick from Dave just in time to wrap his warm lips around it before he tasted his first mouthful of spunk. I shot ropes of my own juice against the back of his mouth and there was something rewarding about giving back to get guy from whom I had just handsomely received.

Thomas wouldn't take any money for the job, but he's coming back again shortly to fit a new sink. And I'm already hard thinking about it.