 This is only my second foray into writing erotica so please comment to let me know your thoughts. Enjoy!

**********

Thor smiled to himself as he paced the floor of his apartments, eagerly awaiting the arrival of his love. It had been several weeks since Loki had surprised him in his bath and begun something wonderful for both of them; he still hadn't recovered from the shock of discovering that the lithe young god felt as he did, so passionately and so freely.

Since their first intimacies in the bathing room they had tried to behave as if nothing had changed, spending no more or less time in one another's company than before. The hardest part, Thor found, was controlling his gaze. Whereas before he had looked at Loki to share a joke with him or to communicate with him in battle, now he found that he wanted to look almost constantly. He wanted to marvel at the way the sunlight reflected in Loki's raven hair; he wanted to gaze into those deep green eyes; most of all he wanted to admire the way Loki's tight clothing hugged his supple body and highlighted the toned muscles of his legs and buttocks.

Shaking himself from his reverie, Thor glanced around the room again. In order to keep their liasons a secret from the rest of the palace Loki had taken to appearing unannounced in his chambers using, Thor suspected, a combination of secret passageways and sorcery. He had promised to visit this afternoon when nobody was around and now the sun was beginning to set, casting a golden light about the chamber.

Loki stepped, smiling, from a shadow and paused to look his lover over. His eyes drank in the heavily muscled body of his paramour and he moved forwards into a warm embrace.

Thor kissed him deeply, winding his fingers into Loki's hair. Their kisses were always fiery and this was no exception, with Thor holding him tight and drawing him in. There was, however, a desperation in the kiss that was unusual. Something about the way that Thor bit at Loki's lower lip and his ragged breathing made the latter gasp and melt against him.

"There now, love, didn't I say I would come? I know it's late. I had to be sure... "

"Tell me later, tell me everything later. Right now I want you... And I mean to have you."

With that Thor scooped Loki up in his powerful arms and carried him to the bed. They fell together onto the soft mattress with Thor's body pressing down hard on him, making him moan expectantly. Deftly, he drew Thor's tunic over his head and cast it aside before thrusting his hands into the back of his leggings to clasp his firm arse tightly, his fingers biting into the tanned flesh. 

Breaking their kiss, Thor gave him a mischievous smile and pulled off the light, green tunic which Loki had selected specially, discarding it carelessly. The thunder god started kissing the soft skin of his throat before moving down to his chest, pausing to bite playfully at a nipple, and then carrying on down over his toned stomach. When he reached the top of Loki's waistband he lifted his head a fraction before planting a kiss on the rapidly stiffening bulge in fabric. 

"I hate these things, they're always in the way," he protested. "I am... Unused to things coming between me and what I want."

Loki gave a crooked smile, "and what is it that you desire, my love?"

By way of an answer, Thor lifted Loki's hips and quickly tugged the offending garment down until it pooled on the floor. He paused to admire the slim, naked body before him and then began to massage the eager cock. Working his hand up and down its length he felt the man beneath him tense, arching his back and pushing harder into his palm.

Waiting until Loki was close to the edge was agonising but Thor held back, teasing. When he finally sensed that Loki couldn't take much more he unlaced his own trousers and released his straining cock. Gently he began to press the head against Loki's tight opening, slowly pushing himself inside and feeling the warmth of his lover all the way to the base of his member. He waited a moment to be sure that Loki was prepared and the started to thrust.

"Oh fuck... Oh yes," Loki panted, "harder. Oh fuck, please, harder... I need it... Unlike you to be gentle, fuck me like a warrior."

Thor obliged, giving in to the demands of his body and pumping harder and faster into Loki's pert arse. He loved the way his lover writhed and bucked under his muscled body, loved feeling the wiry strength in his limbs as they pulled him closer. He eased Loki's legs over his shoulders so that the backs of his thighs were pressed against his chest and felt his cock reach deeper inside.

The new sensation of how far Thor's massive instrument was pounding into him was too much for Loki. With a shudder he felt himself climax and threw back his head and moaned. His seed erupted between their hot, sweaty bodies, making their stomachs slick with his juices. 

But still Thor did not stop his thrusting, slamming into Loki over and over until his self-control deserted him and he felt himself pump a jet of hot cum deep into Loki's arse. Shuddering and gasping, he pushed forwards until he could feel taught buttocks pressed against his thighs, unwilling to relinquish of the sensation of heat clenched around his cock.

Loki thrashed and moaned on the bed, sure that the huge organ was going to rip him in two. The pain was exquisite and he tried to wrap his legs around Thor in order to prolong the contact. He revelled in their closeness, feeling an unbreakable connection between them and gazing deep into Thor's blue eyes as the latter struggled to regain his breath. 

Gradually Thor withdrew, letting his softening cock slide out and taking a step back so that Loki could lower his legs. He stretched himself out on the bed beside his lover and took him in his arms, enjoying the feeling of the smaller body curled against him. Loki nestled his head between Thor's thick chest muscles and smiled to himself as he listened to the thundering of his heart before falling into a blissful sleep.

Moltenpurple