 Thor was luxuriating in the bath, relaxed against the side as he let the hot water cleanse the sweat and dirt of battle from his skin. His long golden hair hung loose around him as he soaked, his aching, muscular body hidden beneath the deep waters and swirling steam.

Loki slipped quietly into the room, not wanting to disturb the thunder god's bath just yet. A sly smile played at his lips as he surveyed the bathing room; the richly tiled walls and floor were in tones of soft gold and the submerged pool itself took up a third of the floor, easily as large as a double bed. Perfect.

Loki strolled towards the pool until he was stood next to the prince's head and then bent down to unlace his boots. Sighing, he sat down and slid his feet into the water, leaning back on to his hands with an air of relaxed contentment. Thor started at the sudden intrusion but smiled when he saw who had joined him.

"Well met, brother." Thor began, "What brings you to my chambers this evening?"

"Thor," Loki teased, "you know we're not really brothers. The Allfather does love his little jests. As for my presence, well I rather thought you might like some company after all of that... hard work." He smiled coyly and produced a flagon of mead, pouring a generous measure into a horn. Thor took the proffered drink and swallowed deeply, draining it in one. He smiled up at Loki, feeling the warmth spread through him.

Loki stood, pulling his loose tunic over his head. He might not have Thor's rippling physique but he knew his slim, toned body looked good in the steamy air. Thor looked confused.

"Loki? What are you doing?"

"The water looks so inviting, I thought I might join you for a time," Loki grinned.

"I suppose. We haven't bathed together since we were children though, why now?"

Loki gave a secretive smile and turned to remove his hose. He made sure to give the prince a good view of his pert buttocks as he bent forwards before turning and lowering himself into the water. He let his lithe torso slide across Thor's bulging bicep as he did so and felt a gratifying tension in the muscle as he brushed it. 

Although there was room for several people in the pool, Loki made sure to stay close to his adoptive brother. Slowly, he turned his body so that he was in Thor's eye line. Smiling, he lifted his arms and untied his hair, letting the thick black locks fall loose around his shoulders. He leaned forwards, pressing against Thor's muscular chest, reaching past him to pick up a bar of soap from the side.

"Allow me, sire," he whispered into the god's ear and began to gently soap the smooth pectorals before him. Gently easing himself across until he was perched on Thor's lap, Loki ran his soapy fingers further and further down until he could feel the hard abs under the waterline. He raised his eyes and saw that Thor was gazing at him, caution battling against burning desire in his blue eyes.

"Loki, what are you..."

"Ssssh," whispered Loki as he leaned forwards to capture Thor's mouth with his own. He kissed him deeply, swallowing the gasp of surprise that quickly turned to a growl of lust. Loki felt pressure against him as Thor's cock stiffened and he reached down, moaning delightedly as he felt its girth in his hand. 

"Please, my love," he gasped, "I need you. I need to feel your thick cock filling me up and pumping me full of your cum. I can't bear it any longer, I can't. I've got to have you in me."

Thor groaned as his member stiffened even further and he reached around to cup Loki's firm arse. His fingers dug into the pale flesh, pulling the cheeks apart and delving towards the sensitive hole. Firmly, he pressed his finger into the tight hole and began to slowly fuck the man writhing in his lap. He felt the tip of his huge cock begin to ooze precum and his breathing become ragged. 

Finally, he could take it no longer and with a bellow he lifted Loki up out of the water, throwing him over the edge of the bathing pool so that he was bent forwards with his quivering arse raised invitingly. Loki moaned and gasped as Thor ploughed into him, stretching his tight little hole wide and making him squirm and rock back, begging for more. Thor reached forwards and grasped a handful of his lover's hair, yanking his head back as he snaked his other hand around. Teasingly he stroked his fingers over the taught stomach, feeling the muscles tremble as he inched his hand down the trail of hair that lead to the firm cock of the trickster.

As he wrapped his fingers around the shaft, Thor moaned and leant over, pressing his hard body into Loki's back. He began to stroke up and down rhythmically, in time with the mighty pounding he was giving the smaller man's arse. Harder and harder he fucked Loki, grunting as he watched his slick cock ramming into him over and over.

At last he felt Loki's body tense and the cock in his hand began to spasm as the man panted and groaned through his orgasm. Only then did Thor allow himself to cum, letting out a conqueror's yell of triumph as his seed filled Loki's belly.

"Did you like that, magician? Do you enjoy being fucked like a maiden and feeling my cock inside you?" 

Still panting, Loki eased himself forwards until his tight muscles released the enormous merger with a satisfying, wet sound. He turned, grinning, and let himself slip back into the warm water. He laid his head on Thor's heaving chest and began to run his fingers in gentle spirals around the tense nipples.

"I wasn't sure that you would go through with it, truth be told. You've always enjoyed being Odin's favourite son a little too much and I doubt he'd be pleased to learn you've been hammering at me instead of the lovely Sif." 

Thor blushed and tried to move away but Loki wrapped his arms around his waist and held him steady. He could feel Thor tensed under his hands, debating whether to use his superior strength to simply pull away but after a while the thunder god relaxed again and Loki smiled.

He thought back to all of the times he had watched Thor secretly over the years, using the palace's hidden pathways and just a hint of magic to go unnoticed. He had watched Thor jerking himself off in this very bath countless times, longing to join him but held back by a nagging fear of being mocked, rejected and scorned. Oh but how he had licked his lips and felt his stomach flutter at the sight of that massive cock and the prince's glorious body. Often he had had to steal away part way through watching lest Thor hear him cumming furiously when the anticipation grew too much. He had all but given up hope of ever being able to feel it for himself until one day he has caught Thor watching one of the warriors strip out of his armour and seen the tell tale bulge in his hose that gave away his secret.

Loki smiled a secretive smile and said innocently, "the time just felt right, love. I didn't want to resist any longer and finding you alone and naked was too good an opportunity to waste."

Thor looked disbelieving but then Loki ran a finger up the length of his shaft and he forgot everything as it twitched back to life. He chuckled wryly.

"Gods but you are insatiable, or simply trying to distract me. I'm not sure your arse would stand another fucking such as that but let us see if your tongue is good for more than just telling pretty lies, Loki."

With that he heaved his dripping body onto the side of the pool, sitting with his legs dangling into the water so that his rock hard dick was level with Loki's face. Loki smiled up at him and, keeping his eyes locked on Thor's, bent forwards and gently swirled his tongue over the mammoth head. As Thor groaned his approval Loki began to work his way down the shaft, teasing and tasting as he felt himself stiffen again in the water. He opened his lips wide and began to suck greedily at the huge cock, lifting a hand to massage the prince's heavy balls as he did so. Hearing a moan as his fingers grazed the sensitive skin underneath, Loki switched his attentions there, his deft fingers quickly finding the right spot to set the huge man shaking and groaning.

Thor shifted his weight, tilting back to allow access to his tight, eager hole. Needing no further invitation, Loki ran a finger over his lover's oozing slit, making it slick with precum and eliciting a grunt of frustration as he released the straining cock from his mouth. Biting his lower lip seductively he began to rub the moist fingertip around Thor's waiting arse hole, pressing gently as he licked and sucked on the soft skin of the god's scrotum. 

Thor began to pant as he felt the gentle, questing digit. "Oh fuck... Oh fuck please. I want you to, I want it so much. Oh please..."

Loki slipped his finger slowly into Thor's tight arse. He felt the muscles tense around him and then relax as he took the waiting cock back into his hungry mouth and started to finger-fuck him rhythmically. Growling deep in his throat he tried to take all of the glorious dick into his mouth but only made it halfway down before reaching his limit. Frustrated, he increased the pace of his fucking, making Thor buck and writhe gratifyingly under the pressure. 

The twinned pleasures quickly pushed Thor to his limit and he grabbed desperately at Loki's hair to hold him in place as he climaxed, pumping his hot, thick cum into the eager mouth. 

Surfacing, Loki wiped the back of his hand over his mouth insolently and grinned. "I think that answered the question rather well, don't you?" he purred, trailing a hand up the firm abs. 

"The... Question..?" Thor gasped as he lifted Loki out of the water and drew him close. 

"You know, the one about my tongue and what it could be useful for. You certainly seemed to enjoy that particular talent of mine," Loki crooned softly against his prince's heaving chest.

"So, lover, what do we do now? We can hardly carry on like this in public," Thor murmured as he stroked the raven hair, "it would not be thought seemly for Thor Odinson to be fucking a male, even one so beautiful as you."

Loki gave a half smile, "I suppose not. Leave the logistics to me. For now I suggest you fetch me that bottle of oil and let me demonstrate another of my skills..."