 Legal Notice: The following story contains descriptions of graphic sexual acts. The story is a work of fiction but has some basis in reality.

© The author retains copyright to this story. Placing this story on a website or reproducing this story for distribution without the author's permission is a violation of that copyright. 

Chapter 1.

The ship rolled her way across the Mediterranean Sea, the weather was pleasantly warm. We had left the Suez Canal on a warm but blustery morning. As Second Mate, I'd been on duty on the exposed after deck, supervising the handling of the heavy mooring lines. This was dirty, heavy work for the men but they were used to it and they would soon be back in the seamans' mess and getting outside a steaming mug of tea, despite the temperature. 

There was a new man. A young man. He'd joined us at Port Said to replace a seaman due home on leave and he attracted my eye as the gang worked. Fair haired and well built, he must've been about twenty or so. He seemed a bit lost and I realised that the other men had been together as a crew for several voyages. He was the newcomer. He stood by himself, not part of the general banter that was always exchanged between the men. He had definitely caught my interest and I hoped that our paths might cross during the voyage. But if they did I would have to be very careful, Officers were never gay, and if they were, they never, ever fancied deckhands! 

As Second Mate my duty was to keep the "Graveyard Watch" - at midday and midnight I climbed up to the Bridge to keep watch until 4 o'clock. Once clear of the Canal life got easier, the busy shipping lanes gave way to the open ocean and the many different ships fanned out on route to their various destinations. Now I had time to catch up on the chart corrections. Notices to Mariners, to be cut and pasted, charts to be brought up to date, Light Lists and Radio books to be amended. It was boring work but at least something to do as the ship ploughed Westwards towards Gibraltar and onwards into the Bay of Biscay, and home. 

Now the radar screen was almost empty of ships. Before, in the Red Sea, it had been peppered with the small blips that indicated other ships. Most, in orderly lines, steaming along the official routes, but now and then, a ferry cutting her way across the lanes. There had been many small fishing boats, slow and vulnerable, and difficult to spot on the screen but now we were almost on our own, only two other blips on the 12-mile scale. 

My Company always obeyed the rules. For example we always had two people on watch on the Bridge, one of the Mates together with one of the seamen to act as helmsman, if for any reason we had to disconnect the automatic steering, or to act as lookout. He would make the coffee, clean up the Bridge and chartroom area, all those sorts of tasks. To my pleasant surprise, the Bosun had assigned the new seaman to my watch. 

"Good Morning, sir" he said, as I entered the bridge. He had a strong accent, which I couldn't place. 

"Good Morning . . . ." 

"Thomas" he supplied. 

"Yes, well, Thomas. You've only recently joined the ship, haven't you?" 

"Yes sir. In ze last port." 

He looked shy and didn't say anything more, he just went to the cleaning locker and got out a brush. He started to sweep the deck and I went over to the chart table to make a start on some corrections. However, I was distracted, my concentration was not so much on the paperwork as on Thomas's very desirable young body.. 

In the warm weather he wore just a thin, plain white cotton tee-shirt and well-worn blue jeans. His clothes were well fitting and tight on his very well proportioned young body. He was a very well built and extremely handsome youngster. Strong shoulders, well developed chest above a narrow waist and long, strong looking legs. As he bent over to lift the waste bin I caught a look at his perfect young bottom, firm, sexy and extremely provocative. 

Thomas looked round and I hastily opened a List of Lights book. 

"Please, I go to empty the bin?" he asked. 

"Yep. Oh and tell the Bosun I'd like to see him some time during this Watch." 

He left the Bridge and I adjusted my cock in my white uniform trousers. Yes, I was gay. But nobody on board, nobody in the Company knew it and I wanted things to stay that way. 

I would have to be very, very careful. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * * 

The ship was rolling her way across the Mediterranean Sea and, the weather was warm. We had left The Suez Canal on a windy morning. It was fortunate for me to have got a job as a seaman on board of the English ship. Now, with the European community such things were possible. I come from North Germany. In my country, we are surprised that work is not so easy to get. I trained as Officer at a sea school in Bremerhaven but it was not possible to find a job. I come to England and now I am deckhand in this ship, going through Suez Canal and on the way to England. 

It is very hot and I am working with the team on the back part of the ship. We have to pull in the heavy ropes that have been holding the ship to the quay. It is hard for me in this ship. All the guys have been together for some months and they very much do not talk with me. I am new. Also I come from Germany. 

The 2nd Mate is in charge. He is a very handsome man. I like to look at him. He has a very certain way, an officer way, which is a way that I admire. I think I like to get to know him. 

In the first days when we sailed, I was working in the daytime with the Bosun. I did not like him and I think he did not like me. I had to chip the old paints and put on some new paint. One day, I had to go into a part of the ship called the Coffer Dam and I had to clean in there. I had each day different, not so good jobs. 

So I was very happy when the Bosun said to me, 

"Yes, well lad, what's your name again?" 

"I am Thomas, Bosun." 

"OK, Thomas, Jason is sick, so you'll now keep the Graveyard Watch, starting at Midnight tonight." 

"Bitte?" 

"Not Bitte, speak English damn you." 

"But I do not understand this Graveyard." 

"Oh - the Middle Watch. Twelve till Four. Day and night. You just catch up on your sleep when you can." 

This did not worry me. I was just glad to have a proper seaman job and to be on the Bridge. I would learn some more about being a sailor and some of the duties of an officer. 

At fifteen minutes to twelve on the first evening in my new job, I went to the Bridge for my watch. Always there are two persons on the Bridge when our ship is at sea. When I was there, by the wheel, the 2nd Mate came in, he was the officer for the same watch as me and I was very happy because he is very handsome and I think he is a nice man, it would be very nice to be working on the same watch with this man. 

"Good Evening, sir" I said, as he came into the Bridge 

"Good Evening . . . ." 

"Thomas" I told him. 

"Yes, well, Thomas. You have only recently joined the ship, haven't you?" 

"Yes sir. In Port Said." 

I was a little frightened of this officer and did not say anything else. The deck was not so clean from the last watch so I went to the cleaning locker and got out a brush. I started to sweep the deck. The officer went over to the chart table, and made some work there. However, I was looking at him as I worked with the brush and I was not so much thinking of the cleaning as of the Officer. 

Maybe he was only about three years older then me. He was wearing his officer uniform and he was very correct and very smart. He had a very clean white shirt, with short sleeves and his arms were very brown and very strong. He had the gold officer's badges on his shoulders. His shirt was open at the front and I could see that he had some thick, manly hair on his chest. He also was wearing thin white trousers which fitted quite tight, they showed he had a small waist, with no "beer belly" as the English say. He had a nice small waist. I looked quickly below, his white trousers were so very tight and I could see that the front of his trousers were very well filled. Then he turned and leant across the chart table. As I swept with my brush towards that side of the bridge I was looking at the back of the officer. I stared with a great interest at his back. His long back, his long, well muscled legs but also at his strong buttocks. They looked so good, in the tight white uniform trousers. So strong. So much male. I too could see the lines of his underwear through the thin material of the trousers made with cotton. 

My cock started to grow inside my own underpants. You understand that I do not like women so much. I like men, strong men who look good and know about the world. Men like this so sexy officer. 

I should have to be very, very careful! 

 * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Seaman Thomas came back into the Bridge. 

"Sir, the Bosun I have told and soon he comes." he said. 

"Yes, very well. Thank you", I replied. 

I went back to the chart table to continue with my corrections while the watch went on without incident, an hour passed and Thomas worked around the Bridge, tidying things up. Already, I thought, he seemed a good lad. Able to see what needed to be done without having to be told. 

At one point I glanced up. He was standing in front of the radar, peering at the display. His legs were apart to steady himself against the roll of the ship and I was able to gaze at his bum. Oh yes! It was what I always thought of as a cheeky bum. Pert, tight buns filling out the thin, well worn blue denim of his jeans. Often, too, when he was sitting in the seat by the wheel, one of his legs would be jumping, a habit that I always attributed to a sexy young man. 

Oh God, this was one very sexy sailor boy. And to think that we would be sharing eight hours in twenty-four together on the Bridge for a long time to come. 

But watch it, Andy. He's sure to have at least one girl friend. A sexy handsome lad like that. By now I'd discovered that in addition to the young handsome, almost pretty face, topped with longish blond hair, Thomas had very light blue eyes. The sort of eyes that gazed directly into yours, when you talked to him. The more I watched him, the more I began to desire him. 

"You want that I should get you some coffee, sir?" 

I jumped. His words cut through my thoughts. I felt almost guilty that this Billy Budd of a sailor might be able to see what I had been thinking. 

"What? Oh yes, coffee. Yea, great." 

"How are you drinking the coffee, sir?" Thomas enquired. 

"NATO standard." I grunted. 

"Bit . . . Please?" Thomas looked puzzled. 

"Yes, NATO standard. That means milk and sugar. One sugar." I replied. 

Thomas grinned and my heart (and my cock) lurched. Thomas went off to the small pantry behind the bridge and I watched his delectable arse as he rolled his way across the deck. 

He was soon back with the mugs of coffee. 

"There was no cup with saucer." he said offering me one of the mugs. 

"Nope. We always use mugs on the Bridge. And so, Sailor Thomas, where are you from, with that funny accent?" 

"I am coming from Germany, sir. From the northern part of Germany where I was making sea-school. But it was not possible for me to find any sea jobs." 

"Well, you're a lucky lad to've got a job with this Company," I told him. 

"Yes sir", he answered, "and now I am happy that I am on the watch with you." 

"Oh?", I answered, "and why might that be?" 

Thomas blushed, deep red. Suddenly he looked even younger, more innocent - and oh so desirable. 

"Because now I can make sea knowledge, which is my profession. I want one day to be officer at sea." 

"Well, well, well," I replied, "we'll have to see what we can do about that." 

I gave him a friendly grin (not too friendly, I hoped) and wandered over to the Starboard window. I had a good look for any ships that might have right of way over us. This, I hoped, covered any hint that I was finding this Thomas a very interesting young man. It also covered more than a hint of the slowly increasing bulge in the front of my tight uniform trousers, caused by our conversation. This was one highly sexy and desirable sailor. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * * 

I came back to the Bridge. 

"Sir, the Bosun I have told and soon he comes." I said to the officer. 

"Yes, very well. Thank you", he replied. 

As the watch continued, I worked around the Bridge, cleaning and tidying things up. These British people were not so clean at their work as we in Germany would be. 

At one time I was standing in front of the radar, looking at the display. I was thinking that it might be that the officer should want to look at me so I was standing with my legs apart to steady myself against the roll of the ship. But also to show off my sturdy backside. I think that maybe my bum is quite sexy. I thought to myself, Oh, it would be so good if this strong handsome officer could be a little bit interested in me. 

I know that I am wearing thin, blue jeans which I have washed many times and which would show off my bottom very well, in case anyone should be interested to look at it. I think that for the right strong man, I am a very sexy sailor boy. Also now a lucky sailor who had the good fortune to be sharing eight hours a day together on the Bridge with this so sexy officer. And once or twice I think that he maybe was looking at me in a certain way. But maybe this is not true. maybe I think that, only because that would be so very nice for me. So much what I want. 

I never have had a girl friend, by now I know that it was men that I like quite a lot. Strong men who can make strong thoughts and actions. Strong men like this officer, the more I watched him, the more I began to feel sexy for him. 

"You want that I should get you some coffee, sir." I asked of him. 

He jumped. He had been thinking, of what, I wondered. 

"What? Oh yes, coffee. Yea, great." 

"How are you drinking the coffee, sir?" I enquired. 

He said not so clearly something about NATO. How could this be connected with coffee. 

"Bit . . . Please?" I asked him, puzzled and remembering that the Bosun had been not so pleased when I spoke words of German. 

"Yes, NATO standard. That means milk and sugar. One sugar." he replied. 

I grinned at him. Now I was understanding. This was an English joke. My heart (and my cock) lurched as I went off to the small pantry behind the bridge and I thought of this strong man that I was wanting to know so much better. 

I came back with the mugs of coffee. I was worried because there was no cup with saucer. Then officer told to me, "Nope. We always use mugs on the Bridge. And so, Sailor Thomas, where are you from, with that funny accent?" 

"I am coming from Germany, sir. From the northern part of Germany where I was making sea-school. But it was not possible for me to find any sea jobs." 

"Well, you're a lucky lad to've got a job with this Company," he told me. 

"Yes sir", I answered, "and now I am happy that I am on the watch with you." 

"Oh?", he asked of me, "and why might that be?" 

I was sure that I blushed. This young ship officer was so strong and sexy and confident. 

"Because now I can make sea knowledge, which is my profession. I want one day to be officer at sea." 

"Well, well, well," he replied, "we'll have to see what we can do about that."

He gave me a friendly grin and wandered over to the window. I thought that I could notice a slowly increasing bulge in the front of his tight uniform trousers, but, again, this was probably only because that was what I wanted to see. He was a most sexy and exciting officer. I wanted so much to be his friend - and perhaps, more. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Eventually 4 o'clock came. 0400 and time to hand over the watch and nothing particularly interesting to tell the on-coming watch-keeper. Thankfully I dismissed my new watchman, went off the bridge and wandered down the alleyway to my cabin. And sleep. And a very sex-charged dream about a young, blond and very sexy German sailor-boy. 

I got up for breakfast and then tried to read a book. Without much success because my thoughts were still dominated by the good-looking young guy who, for the time being, would be sharing the lonely hours on the bridge with me. 

I didn't bother about lunch. It is very easy to eat far too much in a ship where good food appears regularly, three times a day without you having to lift a finger to prepare it - or to clean the dishes afterwards. 

Soon it was a quarter to twelve, time to make my way to the bridge and the midday to four watch. But there was a big difference about this particular watch and it came in the form of a long-legged, tall, blond and blue-eyed young German sailor-boy! 

He was already there when I arrived. I nodded curtly to him and proceeded to take over from the previous mate. Once I had the watch I went over for a close look at the radar. Nothing to worry us. No ships which had right of way over us then over to the chart table and soon I was engrossed in Notices to Mariners, one of my main responsibilities. I tried hard to keep my mind, and my eyes, off Thomas. I must be careful. At one point he stood near me and I caught his young-man scent. Clean, a slightly soapy smell and just a hint of that indefinable musky man-odour that I so loved. 

I looked up, he was staring down at me, 

"You wish for some coffee, sir?" he asked. 

"No thanks. Not yet. It's a bit hot for coffee just now." I answered. 

He walked away to the other side of the bridge and I was able to look, undetected and uninterrupted at that gorgeous young body. Yes, his pert butt was just as sexy as I'd fantasised it, for all those hours. I blushed as I remembered the morning's dream and the exciting liberties I'd taken with that same bum. 

Watch it! I ordered myself. Just be careful. Forget it, its off limits as the Americans would say. 

I turned back to my work, alternating between chart corrections and the radar watch throughout the rest of the four hours, ignoring Thomas and burying myself in ship's work. Soon it was 4.00pm and time to hand over. 

As soon as I was free of the watch, I walked off the bridge and went to my cabin. That was it. It was much the safest thing to ignore this exciting young man. God knows what trouble I might get into if I allowed myself to express the natural friendliness, let alone any hint of sexual overtones which were my real feelings for this young man. 

We steamed Westwards down the Mediterranean, through the Gibraltar Straits and out into the Atlantic Ocean. Northwards now, past the Iberian Peninsular and started across the Bay of Biscay. At this stage the weather was still hot and sunny and off watch we all wore a minimum of clothing. One afternoon at the end of the watch, I'd wandered onto the fo'c'sle head for a bit of exercise and a general look round. A short walk I was in the habit of taking at that time. Suddenly, hidden behind a ventilator shaft, I'd come across Thomas, lying on his stomach on a towel, sunbathing. I had been walking quietly and he obviously hadn't heard my approach, I stood transfixed. That gorgeously sexy long-legged and slender young body, spread out defenceless and vulnerable with the twin, sun-browned mounds of his buttocks displayed so pertly. My cock sprang up into instant, throbbing hardness at the sight of this sexy young sailor, naked and innocent. Available - but only to my gaze. 

He must have sensed my presence because he raised his head, looked round at me and smiled. He started to roll onto his side and I longed to stay, my gaze riveted onto his sexy body, about to learn exactly what he had between his long brown legs, to look with lust at his private parts, his crotch about which I had fantasised for several days now. Was his cock large or small, thick or thin, more important, cut or uncut. Uncut I hoped, with a long, tightish foreskin, from which the head of his prick would just peep shyly out at the world, waiting to be coaxed out into the open air by an eager lover. 
