 Hey all, here is a nice bit of fantasy for you. As always, please exercise safe sex in the real world and live out these dangerous fantasies here. Please note, before reading, that this story includes a bit of cross-dressing (panties) but not really enough to place in the Transsexual / Cross-dressing category, hardcore gay throat-fucking and sex, public sex, humiliation, submission, dominance as well as a lot of piss play (golden showers and piss drinking). If this does not align with your tastes, click back as there are tons of great stories on this site. If you like those subjects, read on and I look forward to your comments, votes and feel free to contact me via my bio page.

Enjoy and remember, be safe out there! :^)

=====================

I parked at one of my favorite bookstores in the Dallas area, took $5 from my wallet and then put my wallet and keys into my glove box so that I would not have to carry them in with me. It was my lunch hour and I was here to have some fun and I didn't want to be bothered with keeping up with them. I walked in and paid the five dollars to get into the arcade in the back. This particular bookstore is different from most in that once you pay your entrance fee, you do not have to pay anything additional to watch the movies. The back arcade area is set up in a square fashion with rooms on the outside and inside of the square. 

In the middle area, there are three sets of rooms (six rooms total) which have windows separating two rooms so if you are in one room and you clear the window and the person(s) in the other room do the same, you can view what is going on in each room. This can be as simple as watching another man jerk off or as involved as watching a live sex show. I've used these rooms to get a good look at the cock of a potential partner before going into the room with them but I've also used them to live out my exhibitionist tendencies and allowed a voyeur to watch as some lucky guy uses my face as their fuck toy.

It is a very relaxed environment in that there is hardly anyone back there from management to enforce doors to be closed, so it becomes a very liberal show of man on man (on man on man) sex. I like to head up here a lot during my lunch break and enjoy a good hour or two of anonymous cock-sucking and I've run into quite a few "regulars" who know that I am always down for a good, fat cock in my mouth with the promise of a large load deposited across my face. This day was to be no different.

I walked around for a little bit, letting my eyes adjust to the darkness and seeing who all was available. No one that I "knew" was there yet, something that happens quite a bit, so I was on the prowl for a new lunchtime friend. I had been there for only a few minutes when a tall, dark skinned black man walked into the arcade. I have to admit, my knees got a little bit weak when I saw him. He was attractive, tall, well dressed and something inside of me was convinced that he had something really nice that I wanted to get inside of me. I saw the direction he was heading so I adjusted my path so that I would pass him the other way. 

I made one loop and passed him near the back wall. He looked me over and I smiled up at him and bit the bottom portion of my lip as I did. This was not intentional, but I think it relayed the appropriate message to him. As we passed each other, I continued to keep my eyes locked on him and watched as his head turned to look at me. With his attention fully on me, I gave him and undeniable signal that I was interested by dropping my gaze down to his crotch and staring at my intended destination. He slowed, turned and began to follow me.

I walked into one of the corner room that was set up with a bench / couch and a remote box bolted to the floor (standard in all of the rooms), but this one had a raised platform on the back wall with a makeshift fence that the receiver could stand on, lean against and stick his cock through so that the cocksucker (me) could feast on his dick like it was a glory hole or whatnot. I walked over to the bench and took off my shirt immediately as I heard him enter the room behind me and close the door. I had gone fishing and I was hoping that I had snagged me a big one. Contrary to popular belief, not all black men are created equal in terms of their famed size. While that stereotype has definitely landed me some big, tasty meat sticks to stuff in my mouth from time to time, I have also been presented with small black dicks, even on tall, strong men like my new buddy. I was hoping that he was going to be a good representative of the stereotype.

I removed my sandals, placed them on the bench with my shirt and pulled off my pants revealing my tight, body-conforming, hot-pink lace boy-short panties that I had chosen to wear that day. I don't always wear panties, but when I do I make sure that they are as girlish as possible. I turned around and saw him admiring my 5'5", hairless body and firm ass and from the look on his face, it appeared that he liked what he saw. I brushed my shoulder length hair out of my face and stepped up to him. He had not stepped up onto the raised platform, but rather stood next to the wall, close to the door. 

I walked up to him and began to rub my hands over his crotch, looking him in the eyes as I did. I could feel his dick hanging down the front of his slacks and boy did it feel huge.

"Fuck, your cock is huge," I said.

"That's right baby, you like big black cocks? he asked, his voice deep and smooth.

"They're my absolute favorite," I said with a genuine smile and sunk down to my rightful place on my knees in front of this powerful man. I undid his belt and slacks and pulled his pants down revealing his dark, red underwear. I could see the insane bulge of his cock as it waited impatiently under the material.

I began to grope his shaft through the material and leaned in to deliver kisses and nibbles to the ever hardening member. He leaned back against the wall with his hips pushed forward as I continued to explore my prize. I groped, nibbled and ran my face across his cock, building his anticipation and my own. I wanted to yank down those briefs and slam his cock into my throat, but I also wanted this to be an experience for him to remember for a long time. I wanted him so impressed with me that he actively sought me out on his future visits or asked to hook up outside of this place for more face-fucking fun. 

I felt him lightly place one of his large hands on the back of my head, a bit of hesitancy in his actions. He lightly rubbed his fingers through my hair as I teased his dick. I've noticed that this is sometimes common in places like this. Some men are extremely aggressive at first (nothing wrong with that at all), some may be new to the bookstore experience and a little unsure of what they can do with a complete stranger and others are just passive and let you do what you do without really getting involved very much. I'm convinced that the latter are really just straight guys that are wanting to get off but are unsure of the whole thing so they just want to close their eyes and imagine some chick they know or saw is down there gobbling away at their hard-on. I'm ok with all three, but I really like the take-charge, aggressive men who really want to use you hardcore as an outlet for their desires. Sometimes the timid ones can be pulled from their nervous passiveness into an aggressive state with some good words of encouragement and some simple gestures along the way.

I looked up at him and said, "Does it feel good sir?"

He looked down at me as I was still kissing and rubbing on his cock and said, "Oh yeah, that feels really good."

"Good, I'm glad. I love being a cock-sucker for strong, powerful man like you. I'm yours to do with as you please. I don't care what you want to do to me, you can do it. Consider me your little bitch and be as aggressive as you want. Anything you've seen in pornos that you've wanted to do to someone, you can do it to me. I mean that. I love it when I'm used like that. You can literally fuck my face as hard as you want. You can slap me with your cock, hell, you can just slap me with your hands if you want. You can call me anything you want, you can spit on me, seriously, anything you want to do to me, do it. I'm here to make you feel good. I'm your cocksucker."

"Damn baby, you really are a dirty little fucker, aren't you?" he asked.

"Yes sir, yes I am. I'm your dirty little fucker," I said.

"Well, then take my cock out and get to work on it. It takes me a while to nut, but I've got a good load saved up for you so if you work really hard, I'll let you have it," he said, his grip becoming more firm on my head.

"Mmmmm, I love a big load of hot cum," I said. "You can put it anywhere you want too. You can shoot it down my throat or blast it across my face, whatever you want. You are in charge . . . master."

"Oh fuck yeah, I like that shit," he said, a sudden surge of aggression in his voice. "Little white fairy bitch on his knees in front of a big black man calling him master, now that's what the fuck I'm talking about." His grip tightened even more and pulled my face against his cock as he ground the engorged member against my face. "You better have a good fucking mouth after talking all that shit cause one way or another, you are swallowing my entire cock, you hear that you sissy bitch?"

I moaned my absolute approval and said, "Yes master, yes, use me however you want. Fuck my face like it was a cunt, use me." My breathing was becoming labored as I became more and more turned on. The feel of his large, powerful hand holding on to my head, his fingers intertwined in my hair as he pushed my face against his hard cock was driving me crazy. Hearing his words as he degraded me and treated me like the slut I wanted to be for him, like the slut I was, was causing my cock to become rock hard in my panties. I'm almost seven inches so I was creating quite a bulge in my panties, but I knew that my cock was nothing compared to the one that my face was currently being smashed against.

He grabbed my hair harder and yanked my head back, aiming my face up towards him. He leaned down and began to kiss me, his large lips engulfed my mouth and his tongue snaked its way into my mouth. It was a wet, powerful kiss which only lasted for a few seconds before he pulled away and then, only inches away from my face, he spit on me.

He then stood back up and held my head tightly by my hair and reached into his red underwear and pulled out his cock. It was beautiful. Nine and a half, maybe ten inches long with a good, but not ridiculous girth to it and large veins running along the black shaft which ended with a perfectly formed bulbous head that was slightly lighter than the rest. This was a cock that belonged in the movies, but more importantly, it belonged in me.

I let out a gasp when I finally saw it and he stroked it with his hand, teasing me with it right in front of my face. It was spectacular and I felt like the luckiest little girl in the world. He held me there, his thick member inches from my face and ran his hand up and down the hard shaft. "You want this cock you fairy? Is this what you came here for today?"

"Uh-huh," I affirmed, my mouth starting to salivate as I longed for his huge cock to violate me and choke me. 

He stepped forward and slapped his heavy log against my face a few times all while saying, "Do better than that bitch. There's a lot of cocksuckers around here that would love the chance to have this big dick in they mouth. Make me believe you deserve it." He kept slapping my face with his large cock while he kept my head immobilized with his other hand.

"Please use my mouth and throat to make your cock feel good. I'm your cock-sucking little bitch and I want, no, I need your cock to fuck my face. Slam it into me as hard and as fast as you want. Make me choke on it. I need your cock to be buried in my throat and I will do whatever you want, for as long as you want. Please fuck my face Master. Use your little cock slave however you want." He was still slapping my face hard with his heavy meat and began to rub it all over my face, teasing the impending penetration.

"You've got such a smooth face, just like a little bitch. But then again, that's all you are, ain't it? Just some stupid cock-sucking bitch. You were born a boy, but you ain't no man, is you? Down on your knees in front of a stranger, a black stranger, submitting yourself to him? That ain't a man. That's a bitch right there. What would yo mamma think if she saw you like this?" He was becoming more forceful as he smeared his big dick across my face. "She'd probably have a heart attack. That don't matter to me though. I like finding little bitches like you. So hungry for a nice big cock that you will completely degrade yourself to get it. And you are definitely going to get it. You belong to me now and you will do whatever the fuck I tell you to do. Now open your mouth, let's see how good you are."

He pulled his cock back and lined it up with my mouth and pushed it in. I clamped down on his hot dick, the heat immediately contrasting to the slight chill in the room. With his hand on my head, he began to thrust in and out of my mouth, slowly at first, feeding me half or so of his cock with each push and offering me words of encouragement. "That's it you little fucker, that feels good. Fuck yeah, you got a hot little mouth. Damn, fuck that feels good. Oh yeah, I am going to enjoy face fucking you. You won't even be able to talk when I am done with you."

For the first few minutes, he was content with slowly rocking his hips back and forth, feeding me around half of his dick and enjoying the sensations that my lips and mouth were bringing to him. He pulled out and told me to spit on his cock which I did and then he pushed back into my mouth. He had removed his hand from his own cock and now he was using two hands on my head to piston me up and down on his cock, controlling my movements and my speed. I could feel his hands running through my hair, grasping at different areas of my head as he used me as a jack-off tool. He never let up with his degrading talk, calling me all sorts of names and telling me I had a mouth that was meant to be filled with cock.

He then pulled out and brought his left hand down and hooked his thumb into my mouth over my jaw, holding my mouth open. He was literally holding my mouth open as he stood in front of me, his cock wet with my saliva. He then pushed into my mouth, delivering about half of his cock into me and then withdrew fully. He did this a few times, each time fully withdrawing his cock from my mouth before plunging back in. He accentuated each penetration with a grunt. He was playing with me now. Using me. This wouldn't get him off in no way, but it was not intended for that. This was his way of showing that he could use me however he wanted and I loved it. The feeling of having your mouth stuffed with a big cock and then immediately emptied is exhilarating. 

After he had done this a few times, he looked down at me again with his thumb still keeping my mouth open and spit directly into my mouth with a lot of it spraying against my face. "I'm going to enjoying filling your mouth in all sorts of ways today bitch." He then removed his thumb from my mouth and pushed his cock back into my mouth. I felt him readjust his grip on my head, grabbing it by both sides and that's when the fun began. He started sliding into my mouth as before, but he was going faster this time and penetrating farther with each thrust. His dick was slamming into my mouth and hitting my throat with each plunge.

I was starting to create a lot of saliva from his constant thrusts and I could feel it start to pour out of my mouth and down my chin. Every time he pushed in, I involuntarily made a "glurg glurg glurg" sound as I was moaning while he face fucked me. I felt the grip on my head tighten and he said, "Here it comes slut, you're gonna take it all now."

He pushed forward again with his cock and when he hit the opening to my throat, he didn't stop. His cock was filling my mouth and now entering my throat. He pushed and pushed and I opened myself up to him, breathing through my nose as inch after inch filled my stretched mouth and his fat cockhead pushed down my throat.

"Oh fuck yeah, that's what I'm talking bout, take this big fucking black cock," he said and I felt him move one of his hands down to my expanded throat to feel how extended it was from his large invading member. He continued to push until my face was smashed up against his lower stomach, his cock fully buried in me. He held me there for a bit till he felt me start to squirm and then pulled himself out completely. 

Streams of saliva poured out of my mouth and down my chin, spilling on to my hairless chest. With not so much as a second to rest, he repeated the process, pushing his cock back into my mouth and down my throat, finding the resistance was less this time. He again smashed my face up against his stomach and waited for me to squirm. This time he held me in place saying, "That's it my little cock sucker. You like choking on that big fat cock, don't you?"

I tried to answer him, but I was only able to gurgle around his cock as it was fully lodged inside my mouth and throat. This made him chuckle a bit, but he just admired me, his new cocksucker, fully impaled on his huge member. When he finally pulled his dick from throat and mouth, I coughed up a copious amount of saliva which spewed from my mouth and again deposited itself on my chin and chest. I was beginning to become very wet from my own spit. 

This time he pushed in, sank his cock fully in my throat and then started thrusting in and out, never fully removing his dick from my mouth before pushing back into my throat. He wasn't going very fast, but there was no denying that he was fucking my face as he would slowly push in and out of my throat, each time my face coming in contact with his pelvis. Saliva was pouring from my mouth as my throat produced the extra amount of moisture to help me swallow the large, invading meat that was stuck in my throat. I felt his hands continue his hard grip on my head and he began to pick up speed as he realized that I was not going to vomit on his dick.

Pretty soon, he was sliding in and out of my mouth and throat with a much faster and much harder stroke, grunting and talking dirty to me with each thrust. I felt so proud that not only was I able to take his big cock fully, but that I was able to take it over and over, completely transforming my throat into his own personal cunt which he could fuck however he wanted. There is truly something amazing about having a big, hard dick slamming in and out of your throat without gagging knowing that it must feel so good for the man you are pleasuring.

I'm not sure how long he fucked my throat. Maybe 30 seconds, maybe a couple of minutes, who knows as I was lost in the pleasure I was feeling from being used so good. He pulled out, slapped my face a few times with his cock and then pulled me to his large balls. I immediately began to bathe his sac with my tongue and lips as his hot, heavy dick was jammed up next to my face. He roughly pushed me around on his balls, ensuring that I was licking every inch of his nuts and the entire time, he was pushing his cock down against my face, rubbing the hot flesh against my smooth skin. I was completely at his mercy and he was using me to fulfill his desires.

Without much delay, he pulled me from his balls and pushed his cock back into my mouth again, sinking his dick fully in my mouth and holding me there. I started to squirm but he just said, "Look up at me bitch." With his entire log buried in my mouth, his hands locked on my head with his fingers intertwined in my hair, I looked up at him. He smiled at me and then spit on my face, further humiliating me. I loved it.
