 Legal Notice: The following story contains descriptions of graphic sexual acts. The story is a work of fiction but has some basis in reality. 

The author retains copyright to this story. Placing this story on a website or reproducing this story for distribution without the author's permission is a violation of that copyright. 

I came off watch today most excited. I had good conversations with my officer, Andy. I told him about Wayne and this made me to feel much better. Always it is good to talk with somebody if you have problems. Now if I am having problem with Wayne I will tell him "Fuck off". 

But the best news is that Andy has said that I may stay with him at his apartment in London. Oh it is difficult for me to wait. Such a thing will be so good. I still think that maybe he likes me in a special way but that it is not possible for him to show it to me. I will like to see where he lives and to help him to make a nice place. I will work very hard and I will try very much to please him - in all ways. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

The ship steamed on past Ushant and into the English Channel, then through the shipping lanes and so to the Dover Straits where lines of ships trundled Eastwards and Westwards passing the narrow passage between England and France. The river Thames grew nearer and nearer. Now we picked up the Estuary pilot and then the Docking Pilot, then at last we were at Tilbury and those who were due for leave were free. Free. FREE. 

I had already packed my gear and quickly changed into smart shore-going rig, I grabbed my bags and set off for the gangway. On our last watch together, I'd agreed with Thomas that it would be best if we travelled independently to London and meet up at Liverpool Street station. As I walked down the gangway, I could see him standing with a group of other crew members who were also starting their leave, he looked a bit lost and flustered but I couldn't do anything to help him at the moment. The little boy lost look and the baggy jeans and shirt that he was wearing made him look vulnerable and oh so sexy. My cock gave a stiffening jerk as I thought of him sharing the privacy of my flat in just a few hours. After so long, there was such a short time to wait, soon I would know, find out whether he could be mine. To have, to hold, to smell, to lick, to love - to make long slow, passionate love, to fuuuuuucccckkkkk. Oh how I longed to get into young Thomas's jeans and to find out what was inside his German sailor-boy underpants. To possess, to protect and yet to ravish and claim as mine. How would he react to that? 

I had ordered a taxi and bundled my gear in and set off for the station; the train journey to central London was quite short and on arrival the group from the ship all parted company with cheery waves and wishes for a good leave. 

I wandered over to the telephones and pretended to make a 'phone call; as I stood there Thomas came up and stood near me. I glanced around and saw that all the other crew members had hurriedly dispersed, most of them down into the Underground station so I grinned at Thomas and indicated that he should follow me. Then I walked over to the taxi rank and joined the short queue there. 

In no time, we were at the front of the queue and able to grab the next cab that came in, I glanced all round but there was absolutely no one I knew in sight. With a big grin I dumped my bags inside the taxi and indicated to Thomas to do the same. 

"In you go," I said to him. 

He shoved in his bags and climbed in after them, flopping down on the seat. I climbed in beside him and we were off. 

"Rotherhithe, please cabby. Through the tunnel and along Rotherhithe Road. I'll tell you when we get there." 

I settled into the taxi seat and glanced at Thomas. His face was a picture of eager excitement, he caught my glance and wriggled happily but didn't say anything. I caught his smell, he was hot and sweaty but it was an aphrodisiac to me. I love the scent of a hot, virile young male. I caught a whiff of his under-arm sweat, it made me as randy and as horny as hell. 

I pointed out the Tower of London as we went over Tower Bridge, both of these obviously interested him, then South of the river and we soon arrived outside the flats. I paid the driver and we unloaded our gear, and in a moment we were inside the flat. 

I paused just inside the door to look around. Everything seemed just as I'd left it before going off to join the ship at the start of the voyage. Basically tidy but, as I'd said, quite a lot to do to get it looking really nice. 

I looked across at Thomas, standing just inside the door surrounded by our gear. Now he had that rather lost look again, slightly nervous and very vulnerable. I could'nt bear it any longer, all those long months of working together, of being so close on the Bridge, alone together but kept apart by fear and discipline. I acted purely on impulse, I walked slowly towards him, gazing deep into his eyes, he looked so serious, so vulnerable, so in need of assurance and protection. 

We stared at each other, suddenly Thomas darted forward and our lips met and we kissed. Lip to lip at first, but he forced our bodies together, then Thomas's lips parted and I felt and tasted the warmth of his mouth. I smelt the young maleness of his body. We pressed urgently into each other, our arms encircled our bodies, our tongues duelled in our joined mouths and Thomas gave a deep, deep sigh, almost a groan of pleasure. I too sighed, with love and relief. It was all right, he'd made the first move, he'd rushed forward to kiss me. He loved me as much as I loved him. 

We remained locked together in a kiss of increasing passion. Our bodies grinding and humping together, our mouths glued one to another. Then I broke away from the passionate kiss and nuzzled into Thomas neck; again breathing in the intoxicating odour of this wonderful young man. He rubbed himself against me and I could feel his cock, ramrod hard, as it ground into my crotch. 

After what seemed to be an age, a wonderful, lustful, sexual age, I broke away from him. He gazed at me and a look of fear crossed his handsome features. I could see that he was terrified at the urgent lead he had taken. 

"Oh Thomas, don't look so worried. I have wanted to do that for such a long time. It has been so difficult keeping my feelings for you hidden for so long." 

His look of relief and of love made my heart jump and in an instant we were locked together again in a second passion-filled kiss. This time Thomas broke away from me and then I felt his fingers fumbling as he tried to pull down the zip of my wind-cheater jacket. Slowly he opened it and pulled it off my shoulders, allowing it to drop to the floor. He put his face onto my chest and rubbed his nose backwards and forwards, I could feel him rubbing across my nipples which stiffened at his touch. He nosed in under my arm, obviously breathing in the sweat-scents, he worked his face from side to side, then upwards and downwards, from time to time glancing up into my eyes, checking to make sure that I was all right with what he was doing. 

My eyes must have told him the answer to his unspoken question and his face slid further down, across my stomach until he arrived at the front of my thin cotton slacks. Now he was nuzzling into my groin, rubbing his handsome face into my most intimate and private places. He was breathing in my male essence and from the sounds of appreciation from deep within his throat, he was getting the greatest pleasure from it. 

Thomas rubbed his face back and forth across my crotch and unable to help myself, I thrust myhips forward so that my rock-hard cock rubbed urgently into the probing, searching face. Thomas's hand snaked round and palmed my buttocks, forcing my manhood even closer and making my cock jolt with pleasure. 

Since the time I first met this slim, sexy, young stud, the anticipation of what was now, at last, happening, had been awesome. 

I put my arms under his and pulled him upright again then I squeezed him hard as I looked into his shy eyes. I was so lucky to have such a sexy young sailor-boy here, with me in my flat. Thomas trembled in my arms, he was nervous, sure, but I could tell he was excited too. 

We shared a smile, yet not a sentence was spoken as I grasped his wrist and silently lead him into the well lit sitting room where I could better see the sheen of his sandy blonde hair, smooth facial skin, T-Shirt, and baggy jeans which hinted at what I already knew was a firm young arse. 

I couldn't stop now. My sexual excitement was frantic. I spun him around positioning him with his arms and legs spreadeagled, police search style against the wall. As I lifted each foot up I swiftly removed his sneakers and socks. I slowly slid my hands upward over the front surface of his slacks hesitating only slightly when my palms reached his hot, hard throbbing manhood and I sought to estimate the size of the shaft that was swelling inside. 

Next I slipped my eager hands under his shirt as I raised it over his head and shoulders, he wriggled and helped me in removing it. I was shivering from the excitement of stripping such a gorgeous example of young manhood. Now the shape of his bum was beter defined. Plump, fuckable with the material of his jeans stretched more tightly across his seat. 

TMy fingers did an eager search for the buckle of the belt supporting his soon to be discarded jeans. I swiftly slid the belt from the buckle and unzipped him allowing them to slide down to the floor. I stepped back for a moment to survey my studly prize. Strong firm legs, dusted with soft blond hair and his bum, Oh that BUM, hidden only by the thin, tight seat of his cotton underpants. 

As I knelt down to cast his jeans aside, I placed my hands between his thighs to spread his legs, and shifted my gaze upward to again torture myself with the sight of that shapely, arse. I just had to brush my face across the plump contents of his briefs, breathing a stronger scent of maleness. I longed to really rub my nose into the crack but hesitated at this stage. I knew what I so desperately wanted to do, but I loved this boy and did not know what might shock him and be distasteful to him. 

As I slowly arose, I slid my hands sensuously upward inside his legs. My left hand moved on upwards stimulating the smooth muscles of his back while my right hand stopped at the spot where his briefs were obscenely stretched by the mass of the manhood that was imprisoned inside. I grasped the swelling only for a sensuous second or so as my hand retreated to join the other in a gentle massage of his spine. 

I sensed the slackening of his arse muscles then I sensously slid the back of the briefs down exposing the tanned skin of his exquisite, enticing buns. My heart was racing as I kneaded, fondled, kissed and sucked those cheeks with my hands and mouth. I would have persisted if I hadn't been interrupted by his sighs and my anticipation of what lay ahead. I put my hands on his waist and I slowly turned him round to face me and looked him squarely in the eyes. Our eyes and smiles met as I pushed his shoulders firmly against the wall. 

Our eyes never parted as I lightly fingered his shoulders, then his face, then sternum to the solar plexus until ending at his stomach. When he was completely relaxed, my fingers slowly probed southward just entering the waistband of his briefs, the last obstacle to his total nakedness. His eyes told me he was ready to surrender so I slowly settled to my knees as I licked my way from his nipples to his navel. 

We were both quivering in anticipation as, for the first time, I took a long look at the true scope of the bulge in his underpants which ended in a small damp patch. My own cock was rigid in my own slacks as I inserted my fingers further into his underpants until I brushed across the first pubic hairs. I quickly glanced upward into his eyes as I began to slowly slip down his underwear. He eyes spoke in surrender knowing that in seconds I would be casting my eyes upon his rampant penis. 

My groin was sizzling as, inch by inch, I slowly stripped away the thin cotton separating his secrets from my eager eyes. That patch of soft pubic hair signalled the unveiling of his privacy. What was revealed was a sensuous, subtle swelling beneath the supple skin of his cock. I felt a shiver up my spine. Now I was staring at, and smelling the special odour of as amwesome a closeup uncut cock as I had ever seen. My cock and entire body throbbed at the sight. My hopes had just been fulfilled.

I scrutinised every square inch of this 6 inch tumescant shaft covered at the end by the most supple looking sample of skin I had ever seen. It curtained the glans in artful abandon, with just a small tip of the head shyly peeking out from within. The soft scrotal sack of smooth hairless skin, holding his treasured spheres, hung low between his muscular thighs. 

Although I was overcome by the sight before me, I slowly placed my hand under the sack to hoist Thomas's young balls, then I tried to run a finger of that hand into his arse trench, but I could not insert the finger and hold those balls comfortably at the same time. 

I watched studiously as his supple foreskin began to slowly slide back exposing, bit by bit, a shiny smooth cockhead like I had never witnessed. As his cock continued to engorge, the foreskin retracted suddenly as it dropped behind the rim of the glans. Now his weapon had turned into six inches of shaft hardened steel. 

I lost all restraint and began to stroke the splendid shaft vigorously adding another half inch. Now I was smelling the full odour of this very aroused young man's groin. The unique man-musk, sweat, musk, sex. I couldn't keep my mouth off this beautiful piece of maleness for a moment longer and I sucked passionately until I coaxed even more rigidity into the six and a half inches. 

I was in a frenzy as the finger that I had been sliding up and down between his plump arse cheeks now eased slowly up through the tight ring of muscle into the hotness of his anus and felt for his prostrate, while I enthusiastically sucked his stunning cock. I could feel by the internal pressures and spasms building up in his sphincter that he would explode in a moment so I stopped, withdrew my mouth from his cock and squeezed his shaft between two of my fingers just above his balls. His tension relaxed and the explosion was delayed. I plunged my mouth eagerly onto his shaft again and repeated the same thing at least four times. The ejaculation delaying technique was building up pressure and he his urgent sighs and groans were a begging for me to let him gush forth. 

Finally I couldn't wait any longer as I wanted to let the groaning, writhing Thomas cum and to watch his cock spurt out its love juices. I sucked more vigorously than ever. Squeezed his balls and stimulated his anus. I could sense him building the final pressure I wanted. His moans were unrestrained. He was thrusting his sword wildly into my mouth. His back arched, he gasped, and I could feel its imminent explosion. 

I released his uncut cock from my mouth with a final lip-smacking suck so strong that the foreskin pulled forward. I grasped his pre-cum and saliva soaked shaft in my eager hand and stroked it lightly but vigorously. I took my eyes away from the beautiful cock only momentarily, and for the first time saw him in complete surrender. Groaning, thrusting, sweating, - he was in my complete control while his beautiful cock had complete control over me as well. 

Now he shouted in ecstasy as I simultaneously felt his whole body tremble and internal muscles spasmed violently and forcefully surged his cock tube, jetting the hot, sticky semen on its journey. 

A staccato stream of hot semen jetted forth past the foreskin of his steel hard shaft. It soared skyward past his sweat covered stomach, sternum, and shoulders and soaked the wall behind him. I stroked and stroked, stunned, as the seemingly endless spurting persisted. His knees buckled as his shuddering body, now covered by slippery streams of his seed, slowly slid downward. As he slumped to the floor, the seminal explosions subsided to a mere trickle of juice seeping from the now enfolding shield of the protective foreskin. He lay there naked and vulnerable, as I stood above him observing his every inch, admiring his beautiful body and cock with its special shield. He looked up at me, panting but with love and complete servitude in his eyes as I relinquished control. 

Now I really knew that he was mine. In a completely voluntary fashion he was mine, my slave, my worshipper. I was his hero. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

At last we came to Tilbury and those who were for leave were free. Free. FREE. 

I had got ready my clotheses and my possessions some days too early because I was so excited to get to London. Now the ship was stopped at the dock and we had finished with the heavy, dirty mooring wires. All was finished on the aft deack and the Bosun said that we could dismiss. So I am going to my cabin and quickly I changed into the clotheses to go ashore in. After the time at sea my jeans that I had bought were a little bit smaller and I had to struggle to fit them to my stomach. But I did not mind so much, they were of thin cotton and I am thinking that they would make me look sexy. Wayne was laughing at me. 

"Where are you going for your leave then, pretty-boy?" he asked me. "Got some twinky friend to shag the arse of you for ten days?" 

Not pretty-boy but strong, handsome man, so safe, powerful and friendly that I love so much, I wanted to tell him. 

At last I was taking my luggage and walking for the gangway. On our last watch together, Mr Macdonald had arranged that we should go not together to the middle of London and then we would meet at the high train station. As I came down the gangway, I was standing with some other crew who were getting ready for the journey into London. I did not know where to go and so I would go with them, I was glad that the officer had said that I should not go with him, it would have made a difficulty. But I was a little bit confused, suddenly to be off the ship and to not know quite what I was doing. 

I could see my officer also getting ready to leave the ship. I was to go to his house, to be alone with him and my manhood gave a stiffening jerk as I thought of us sharing his apartment and I so hoped - his bed, just with the two of us in only a few hours. After so long, there was such a short time to wait, soon I would know. Know whether we were to be intimate friends. To be able to make wonderful love, for him to penetrate me. Oh how I was longing for Andy to feel my body, to know if he loved me as much as I wanted to love him. 

To know his body, his arms, his chest, his stomach, his private, secret places. That they could be mine to touch, to smell, to lick, to suck. I so wanted to give private, intimate pleasure to my officer. That would also for me give the greatest pleasure. To be in such a loving relationship with my hero that I would feel able to touch any intimate part of his body. Also to have the intimate, private parts of his body to touch and feel me. To penetrate me, to make me HIS. How would he react to that? 

Some of the other sailors had a taxi. 

"Where're you going, Fritz?" they asked of me, "into London. Wanna ride with us?" 

"Yes, that would be good for me." I answered. Then I crammed myself into the taxi with all of the other sailors, with our luggage on top of ourselves we just managed all to get in. Our train then soon arrived at one of the Mainstations for London and we all said Goodbye as we went many ways for onward journeys to our homes or to our leave addresses. 

Suddenly I was alone and I looked around, what should I do now? What now would happen. Oh! but there was Andy making a telephone call. I looked but all the other sailors had moved away from the station, it was OK to walk across to join with Andy. He smiled widely at me and made a sign that I should follow him, I did this and we went again to a taxi. 
