 All characters in this fantasy story are eighteen or over. Bareback sex is part of this fantasy story. 

*

Street Boy gets the nod and opens the passenger door. After a three day dry spell, he finally has another job. He plops his bubble-butt ass onto the supple and warm leather of his ride. The ride takes his prize to a motel on the outskirts of town. There is no chat. No pleasantries. Street Boy and his Ride know what they want, and how to get it. 

"Two hundred for bareback, you sleep with me; I take you back after breakfast."

It isn't a negotiation...more like a statement. Street Boy nods his head. It's the best deal he's had all week. 

"Take a shower. Clean yourself out real good." Rider tosses a tote onto the bed: enema bulb, disposable razor, leather cock strap, poppers...and handcuffs.

"I don't like to shave." Street Boy eyes the handcuffs and a visible shiver shoots through him. Rider lets out a loud peel of laughter.

"Three hundred. No more talking. I get to play with my boys the way I like. It's all about control. You don't shave you. I shave you. You don't own your body tonight - I do. No hurt - no harm. I play fair. I play my way." Street Boy nods and heads for the bathroom. He cleans up and walks back to the bed. He is naked. Rider is naked. Rider sits on the bed, waiting for his boy to come to him, to give himself over, to submit completely. 

"Turn around. Hands behind you." The cold metal cuffs are snapped in place. Street Boy knows this could go south real quick, but he knows no other way to survive. His life has been one long slog through hell since his folks turned him out when he came out to them...after being caught with an older man. At eighteen, Street Boy is now in his physical prime. Prime meat to be savored. To be purchased. To be used.

"On your back." The body stretches out on the bed, getting as comfortable as it can. Rider reaches into his pocket. He holds the bandanna above the wide open eyes watching his every move. He ties it to the head of his toy. 

"You didn't..."

"NO TALK!" Rider slaps the helpless face just hard enough to make his point. Point taken.

"I like to play with my toys. You'll know what I'm going to do by the way I touch you. Just go with it. You can have fun too. The more I see you getting into this, the more it makes me happy. Keeping me happy is what you need to do. Got it?"

"Yeah. I got it." Street Boy takes in a very deep breath and slowly exhales. His lithe and muscular body visually teases Rider to begin. Rider scopes out the feast before him. He is overwhelmed by its beauty. He has a plan. He always follows the same routine. Rider reaches for the blade.

"Shaving my toys gets me going." Street Boy feels a hand press lightly onto his belly. He stiffens. The hand grasps the base of his cock and pulls it upward and away from his body. "Don't want to take any chances with this." Rider tugs roughly at the cock, and it twitches and grows in his hand.

"Good! Now Daddy is going to shave his Street Boy down to where he belongs." The blade bites into the pubes at the top border of the bush. It strokes downward and comes to rest at the cock base. "Got a strip right to home plate. Let's do the rest. You want this?"

"Yes, Daddy. Please shave me. I want to be your very own Street Boy." Self-preservation alone?...or has he decided to enjoy this ride for himself, as well? Rider guides the blade along the tight skin, making strip after strip of naked flesh appear to his hungry eyes. He cleans up around the cock base. He is done.

"That's it?" Street Boy expected more.

"I like my toys to have nut hair. I like pit hair too. So sue me!" He belly laughs, and slams a palm down onto the now shorn pubic skin, making a slapping sound. Street Boy tenses a bit. He hears some movement. His cock and balls get trussed up by the leather strap. Nice and tight. Street Boy starts to engorge. His package twitches slightly, as blood flows into the sponge of his seven inch cut manhood. But today he is Rider's 'boy', and he needs to play his part.

"Thank you, Daddy. That feels nice. Please play with me some more." Rider pops a finger into the mouth of his toy, pulls the lips apart, and shoves one of Street Boy's socks into the hole. There is the sound of gagging. He pulls the sock out just a bit. Silence.

"Daddy has a surprise for his Street Boy." Fear grips the mind of his toy. Rider will take control of his toy this night. Complete control. He lubes up the rod of steel that emerges from his jacket. The tip of a lube injector pushes into the slit of Street Boy's cock, causing him to lurch up at the waist. 

"No, no. It's alright, my little toy. That's just the beginning!" The cock is now as hard as the steel rod that is slowly inserted down the length of the shaft. Complete control is Rider's goal. He has it now. Street Boy tears up and his chest heaves in fear and excitement. He feels the cold steel skewering his cock, and he likes what he feels. Two moans escape the sock in his mouth, telling Rider that he has won.

"Right. Now we can really have some fun." A generously lubed finger enters Street Boy's pucker, causing it to flinch and tighten momentarily around the digit. A slow and proper rhythm begins to loosen the sphincter. A second digit joins the first. Street Boy opens his legs to the intruders.

"Yeesss. That's it. Open to Daddy." Rider withdraws his slick fingers from the hole, and sniffs the wetness. He beams with pride and anticipation at the thought of taking his toy with him into ecstasy. He taps on the penis sound with his fingers, in such a way as to make the steel vibrate within the shaft. Waves of pleasure crash within the mind of the toy - he is lost at sea. He feels a wetness on his belly. Rider's tongue caresses his skin. It slathers his newly shorn pubic zone. It licks its way up his trail. It reaches the now hardening nipples and circles them, one at a time. 

"How hard they get when I make love to them. A lick here. A bite there." Street Boy squirms as teeth clamp onto his rigid and tender teat. Rider reaches down, grabs the cock, and proceeds to stroke it around the steel rod that impales the hard-on. Street Boy feels the bed move as the body of Rider moves down to the crotch of the toy. Leather strapped nuts fill Rider's mouth to the brim. He suckles on them, enjoying the fullness, the taste, the way the hairs tickle his lips. He loves it all. He loves this toy!

"I'll take you now." Rider quickly pulls the rod from the shaft, causing Street Boy to cringe. The lube has mixed with a copious amount of precum that now oozes plentifully from the reddened and gaping slit. Rider pushes the tip of his tongue into this hole, and laps up the silky-sweet nectar. He pumps the organ, and squeezes it to force out as much of the delicious juice as he can. It coats his mouth and tongue. It pleases him greatly.

"Oh, my. My little toy wants to feed Daddy." Rider pulls the sock from Street Boy's mouth.

"Yes. I do, Daddy. Let me feed you. I have a three day load that needs to be eaten." 

"Soon, my toy. Soon. But first, Daddy is going to fuck you in the ass. Then he is going to push his ass-slicked dick into your pretty Street Boy mouth, for you to suck on. Then he is going to re-enter your bubble-butt, and cum inside you. Only then will Daddy go down on you to drink up the load you want to give. Are you ready, my toy?" Rider removes the blindfold from the youthfully beautiful face.

"Yes, Daddy. I am ready for you. Take me. Please take me." Rider rises above his toy like a fully grown bear about to pounce on its prey. He places the bottle of poppers under the nose of his toy. Street Boy takes in a huge sniff. He lifts the toy's legs to his shoulders. He thrusts his bare penis into the hole at the apex of the crotch, pushing on the toy's body, and making it bounce with every inward thrust.

"Yes. Yes. Fuck me, Daddy!" Rider does as promised, and then he withdraws from the lower hole, quickly moving to the head of the toy, and shoves his dripping member into the open mouth that is beneath him. Street Boy begins to enjoy the suck; and he wishes his hands were free to caress Rider's body. Rider seems to sense this. He flips Street Boy over, unlocks the cuffs, and watches to see what his prey will do next.

"Thank you, Daddy." Street Boy cups Rider's head in his hands and kisses him....long and deeply. Rider is pleased. He resumes the fuck, soon reaching the apex of his ability at control. He lurches his body and grips the hips of his toy, while forcing himself ever deeper into the warm and slippery channel. Street Boy contracts the young ass muscles of his chute, and sends Rider over the edge. Rider fills his toy with sperm, collapses onto the hot young body, and struggles to regain his composure. 

"Please, Daddy. You promised to take my load. It hurts." Street Boy now knows his Rider all too well.

"My sweet toy. Daddy will take away your pain." Rider unsnaps the leather strap holding the package. He grips the nuts tightly and pulls them away from the body. The toy lurches in a pain-pleasure euphoria. Rider deep-throats the toy's swollen member; and sucks at it with every mature muscle in his neck and throat.

"Oh. Oh. I....Daddy...I....I have to cum!" Rider pumps the toy in a frenzy, anxious to drink at his fountain of youth. The sudden explosion of sperm through the shaft hits his throat like a bullet. He feels the cock's pulsations; and swallows rope after rope of warm cum into his very hungry belly.

"Uh. Uh. Uh." Street Boy can only grunt. He keeps unloading into the warm throat of his 'Daddy', giving up the three day load that has boiled and strained within him during their playtime together. 

"Nice! Your Daddy is pleased with his toy." Street Boy wraps himself around Rider's body and they kiss until sleep overtakes them. When he wakens, Street Boy does so alone. He looks around and sees three one-hundred dollar bills on the nightstand, with a note:

"Had to get to work. Loved playing with you. We'll do breakfast next time, Dominic."

Mark picks up the cash, stashes the note, and smiles to himself. Then he thinks:

"Three days... not so long to wait!"