 I guess you could say my bi side got a late start. I've always had fantasies about sucking cock etc. but never acted on it. Until recently that is.

Let me start by telling you a little about myself. I'm in my forties now and very fit. Guys who see me on cam always compliment my body. Until the story I'm about to tell I had never been with a guy before but the curiosity finally got the best of me.

One day I decided to run an ad on CL to see if anyone would be interested in watching one another JO. I had done it on cam and was so ready to try it in person. I started writing back and forth with what I can describe as a bear. Heavier guy, a little hairier and a nice big fat cock. He really had a way about his writing that could totally turn me on. 

I opened up to him about my biggest fantasy was being with several guys at once. Where I would be the center of attention and have them have their way with me.

This got my new friends attention and he told me about how him and his 2 buddies had a weekly card game. He said that he would always have a porn vid playing while they played cards. He told me the other guys were all built like him. I'm not sure why but guys like that totally get me hot. I'm not interested at all in guys built like me.

So one thing led to another and we began to hatch a plan to see if my fantasy could ever play out.

He told me that he would get some gay porn to play at their next poker night to see their reaction. Then he wanted me to show up, get naked and start sucking his dick right in front of them. He told me his friends knew he was bi and the worst that could happen would be we would need to go out of sight into his bedroom if they were not into watching us.

I was so turned on I couldn't wait until that night. He texted me telling me everything was happening as planned. Gay porn was on and guys were cool with it and not complaining too much about it. I was to show up an hour into their game so they could have a few drinks to get "relaxed" and a little less inhibited. My friend had them do a few shots too just for good measure. 

So I show up and immediately after meeting the other 2 guys I go into the other room and strip completely naked. They could see me and as you can imagine were looking at one another like what the fuck is going on here. My friend had me come over and he stood up and had me kneel in front of him. He took out his rock hard cock and I started by licking it all up and down. 

I was completely hard myself by now and the 2 guys were just looking at us kind of in shock by it all. I was soo into the blow job I was giving and by being watched by guys sitting so close I was getting high on the experience. 

After about 10 minutes I guess one of the friends couldn't take it any longer and took out his cock to start stroking it. My guy told him to reach down and start fingering my hole. 

I groaned and stuck my ass back toward him. He wet his thick finger with saliva and at first just was teasing my hole on the outside. I couldn't take it, I wanted his finger inside me. I began to lower my head onto the ground so my butt was way up in the air and finally he plunged that sexy finger into me and began to slowly fuck me with it. 

I began to jerk him off while blowing my guy as he finger fucked me. The next thing I knew all 3 of them were naked and I was being picked up and put on my back on the table. 

I was now being told that I was going to be fucked good by each one of them. All of this dirty talk was making me even hornier, if that was even possible.

My friend began to press his well lubed(with my saliva) cock head against my hole. 

His 2 buddies stood near my head on either side holding up my ankles. I was taking turns sucking on their cocks, turning my head to one side then the other.

Then my friend began to slowly and deeply slide in and out of my ass... just the way I like it slow and deep. He was caressing my chest and belly as his fucked me and his buddies just held onto my ankles.

I was in pure heaven being used by these 3 bears.

Then they rotated because my friend wanted to cum in my mouth. As his friend took his place fucking my ass he began fucking my mouth and then came pretty fast. He came so much but I did my best to take it all just letting some stay on my tongue as I savored how hot and sexy it was.

I couldn't take it and gave in to all of the pleasure they were giving me and I began shooting my cum all over myself while his buddy kept pumping in and out of my ass. The 2nd guys was getting ready to blow and quickly came to shoot onto my face and into my open waiting mouth. 

I was so ready for the last guy to fuck me by now and he didn't disappoint.

He flipped me over onto my hands and knees so he could fuck me doggy. He grabbed onto my hips and took his time fucking me long, deep strokes. All the way in and out He asked if he too could cum in my mouth and I just panted and moaned. After what seemed like 20 minutes with this last guy he came around and shot his load into my waiting mouth. 

The other two guys had been talking dirty and telling me what a hot slut I had been the entire time and I love that. I later found out that these other two guys had never been with guys sexually before.

It was such a hot time I plan on going back to other poker nights as often as they let me.