 We sat on his couch, Tony was drinking beer; he had given me a glass of chardonnay. The night before he taught me how to play backgammon, and tonight I was winning every game. Beginners luck, he grumbled.

Tony lives down the hall from me in the same apartment complex. We'd passed each other from time-to-time and our conversations became more frequent. We were about the same age, and he was awfully cute, but I was nervous about having a 'relationship' with someone who lived so close. I mean, what if people knew what we were doing? 

It was very hot inside his apartment. We live in a city in the upper midwest and not many of the less expensive apartments had air conditioners, and we were currently in the grip of a brutal heat wave and it was humid as heck. 

It had been just as hot last night and Tony had asked if I minded if he stripped to his boxers, and I said it was fine with me. I wondered why he hadn't done the same tonight. Maybe he was still embarrassed over the fact that he'd had trouble hiding his constant erection.

When he asked me over tonight I made sure I wore my gym shorts, and Tony had said "go ahead" when I asked if it would be all right if I took off my tee shirt. As we sat on the couch, a thin layer of perspiration covered his face; he looked very uncomfortable.

When I won the next game he said, "DAMN" and went to the frig for another beer. He brought back the wine and he filled my glass then threw away the empty bottle. Wine made me feel good, and I was feeling really good now. 

"Tony," I said when he returned to the couch, "...take your shirt off—you look like you're burning up!"

He nodded and said, "Yeah, it's hotter than hell in here", and pulled off his shirt.

"Ready for another game," I asked, "...I'm pretty good at this!"

He smiled and shook his head, "Beginners luck," he said, "...want to make this more interesting?" 

"How?" I asked.

He coughed and cleared his throat, "Well...ah, we could play for money!"

"I can't afford it—not with what I make," I frowned.

"Yeah, right...well, how about if you win I give you a hundred bucks?" he asked.

"And what if I lose?" 

His face turned slightly red, "Well...if you lose you could do something for me."

"Like what?"

"Well...ah, you could give me a hand-job!"

"TONY!" I exclaimed.

"Well...it was just an idea...since you're so 'good' at this game...." he mumbled. His face was beet-red now. 

I thought about it--I could really use the money, and he hadn't beaten me yet, "Well...okay, but you can't tell anyone."

His eyes lit up. "No-no—it'd be just between you and me—nobody will ever know."

"Well...okay," I said.

"We'll play the best two-out-three—the winner has to win at least two games, okay?" he said, he was getting excited.

"Sure," I said. I snuck a look at his crotch and saw the bulge in his pants.

I never considered backgammon to be a game of skill. I mean, you roll the dice and make your moves, right? But I soon recognized Tony was using 'strategy' when he made his moves. Had he 'set me up'?

He won the first game easily. During the second game it became obvious to me that he was very good at playing Backgammon. He made quick work of beating me again, and put away the game. Before he returned to the couch he stripped off his jeans. The bulge in his crotch of his boxers was very pronounced now.

He sat next to me grinning; his arm snaked around my shoulders and he pulled me closer to him.

He stroked my shoulder and kissed my neck and whispered into my ear. "God you're a sexy boy...I get a hard-on whenever I'm next to you."

My cock stiffened from his words and his hot breath in my ear. He took my small hand in his and placed it on his 'bulge'. My hand curled around it and squeezed. He groaned.

I really liked Tony and was determined to make this good for him. I slid my hand beneath the elastic waistband of his boxers and found his flesh. I caressed his penis and moved my hand lower and fondled his balls. My hand moved up-and-down his excited crotch. 

I tugged at the waistband and he lifted his hips and pushed down the boxers himself. His six-inch cock sprang into my view. It was smooth and fairly thick. I wanted to kiss and lick it but didn't want Tony to think I was a slut. I didn't want him to know that I had done this before.

I changed positions on the couch so I could stroke his cock with one hand while the other one massaged his heavy ball sac. 

He moaned and repeated, "Ohhh, baby—ohhh, baby—ohhh, baby..."

When he kissed my cheek I turned my head and offered him my lips. He glued his lips to mine and the kiss sent electric sparks shooting through my body. Our lips were moist and hot and our tongues met for the first time. I felt his penis expand in my hand.

"OOOhhhhhhhh, Johnnnyyyyyy...." He moaned into my mouth.

I stroked his cock faster-and-faster. His hips thrust in time with my pumping hand. I rolled his balls with my fingers. His eyes were closed but mine were fixed on his cock. I loved watching a guy shoot his load.

I smeared the pre-cum on his glans with my thumb. Now, a constant moan escaped his lips. I squeezed his cock harder and quickened the pace. Suddenly, I felt his balls contract in my hand and his hips jerk about wildly.

"OH BABY---I'M CUMMING-I'M CUMMING-I'M CUMMING..."

I watched his semen erupt from his cock-slit and felt a thrill run up my spine. My own balls ached for release. My hand was covered with his cum. 

"C'mon..." Tony said, and I followed him to the bathroom; he was still naked. We cleaned ourselves. On the way back to the living room he showed me his bedroom. He had a queen-size bed, much bigger than my double. I admired his buttocks as I walked behind him.

I had been taking furtive glances at his penis when we walked; it looked long and slender—it was beautiful so I was disappointed when he scooped up his boxers and stepped into them. He sat beside me on the couch; our thighs touching. 

I was wondering if now that he'd gotten what he wanted, if he would make some flimsy excuse to get me out of his apartment. 

He put his hand on my thigh and said. "Johnny...do you want to spend the night with me?"

My heart leapt with joy, but I showed him no emotion.

"Ah, I dunno," I said, "...what for?"

He blushed, but began to rub my thigh. My erection inside my shorts gave me away. His hand brushed against my hard cock.

He laughed and said, "Your body is saying yes...."

I smiled and leaned over and kissed him on the lips. "Okay..." I said softly.

He took my hand in his and said, "Let's go to bed."

I said, "It's a little early...I'm not tired—I don't think I can fall asleep this early."

He smiled, "Who said anything about sleeping?"

This time I turned a deep shade of red as he led me, hand-in-hand to his bedroom.

We embraced by the side of his bed. We kissed, our tongues exploring each other's mouths. It was thrilling to be held tightly by a strong man. I caressed his shoulders and back; my arms barely reaching around him. A dim light from a lamp on a table in the far corner of the room enabled us to gaze into each other's eyes. 

He pushed his boxers down then slid his hands into the sides of my shorts and pushed them down, as well. We stood naked; our lips and tongues locked in a passionate kiss; our stiff cocks brushing against one another.

He pulled the bedspread back and guided me to lie down. I was surprised when he lay on top of me. He was forty pounds heavier than me and when I became accustomed to his weight, it felt exciting to be pinned beneath him on the bed. We kissed for a long time.

Suddenly, he shifted his weight, his knees on either side of me and he moved forward until he was almost sitting on my chest—his hard penis was inches from my lips.

"W-what are you doing?" I stammered.

"Kiss it for me, baby...I want you to use your mouth on me...I want to teach you how to suck me," he panted.

"Tony...I can't do that...using my hand is one thing, but this...." I said.

"You can do this, baby...you wouldn't want your sister to find out what kind of guy you are, would you?" he said.

No, I sure don't want her to know, I thought. I felt tears well in my eyes as I thought about my sister.

"There-there, baby, don't cry...you just keep me 'happy' and she'll never have to know...kiss it, baby—kiss my penis," his voice was different—he was consumed with lust.

I closed my eyes, puckered my lips and brushed them against his cockhead.

"No-no, baby—not like that! Hold the shaft with one hand—hold my balls with your other—and really kiss my cock—don't just peck at it—KISS IT!"

I closed my eyes again but he said, "Baby, I want you to look at my cock whenever you kiss and lick it—okay?" 

"Okay," I meekly said.

"Give it a kiss, baby, kiss it from the tip all the way down to the bottom and back up again," he ordered.

I did as I was told. I wet my lips and slightly parted them and slowly kissed my way down his hard cock. His flesh was hot and smooth; I felt a thrill deep within me as I covered his entire cock with kisses. My own cock was hard as a rock; my balls ached and my head was dizzy with desire.

"Use your tongue, baby, lick my cock," he commanded; his breathing became irregular.

When I pressed my tongue to his cock a thousand sparks of pure ecstasy shot through my body. I thought I was going to shoot my load then and there. When his cock was glistening from my saliva, he moved forward on my chest until his balls were dangling just above my face.

"Lick my balls," he gasped.

I was in no position to object; his body was heavy on my chest and I had difficulty breathing. I kissed and licked his scrotum. His balls were large and heavy. When he told me to take them in my mouth I could only fit one at a time. I licked and sucked his balls and his constant moaning excited me beyond words.

He backed off and presented his cock to my lips. "Wet your lips and take my cock in your mouth," he instructed.

I did as I was told. I licked my lips, opened them wide and slid them over his cockhead. I took as much of his cock into my mouth as I could without gagging. 

"Keep your tongue on my cock—move your tongue on my cock while you suck," he groaned through his clenched teeth. I did as I was told.

The feel of his hot flesh in my mouth was incredible. I moved my head back-and-forth on his cock while my tongue lathered his velvety skin. My hand stroked his shaft while my other hand massaged his balls. I was lost in a fog from the sucking. The hard cock in my mouth consumed me. Animal-like noises escaped my throat. 

When my tongue played on his cockhead I tasted his pre-cum—it was delicious—my own cock throbbed. Tony held my head still and began pushing his cock in-and-out of my mouth. He fucked my face.

His thrusting became more urgent. My hand stroked him faster-and-faster; I rolled his balls in my fingers. His hips pushed his cock deeper-and-deeper into my mouth—I gagged a couple times and was afraid I was going to choke. Suddenly, his balls contracted in my hand; I knew he was going to cum. I flattened my tongue on his cock-slit and waited for his orgasm.

"AARRRRGGGGGG..." he screamed. "...OOHHHGOD-HERE IT CUMS-SWALLOW MY CUM BITCH-SWALLOW MY CUM...."

I didn't have any choice but to swallow if I didn't want to choke on his cock as he pushed it far into my mouth. He shot his load directly on my tongue and I lapped it up and swallowed almost every drop. Suddenly, as he kept shooting his cum on my tongue, my balls exploded and my cum shot straight in the air and landed on his back and my thighs. We both flailed about wildly on the bed.

When our breathing returned to normal, Tony, who was still on my chest, told me to clean up his cum. I licked his cock clean and buried my face in his pubes as my tongue lapped at the cum I had spilled. When he was satisfied I'd gotten it all, he collapsed on the mattress beside me.

He softly chuckled, "You are one fantastic cocksucker, and don't tell me you never did that before—don't worry—as long as you do what I say your secret is safe with me."

He couldn't see, but my face turned scarlet with shame. 

I moved close to him and laid my head on his chest. I listened to his heartbeat. He said he wanted me to move in with him. He wanted me in his bed every night. I told him I couldn't move in—it wouldn't 'look right'—people 'would know'. He laughed. I tried to kiss him, but he turned his head away. 

"I just came in your mouth—I can't kiss you now!" he said.

I felt like crying but, strangely enough, I knew what he meant. As we lay there, I absentmindedly caressed his soft penis. After awhile, I felt his cock come back to life. This time he wanted me to kneel between his legs and satisfy him that way. I did as I was told.

When he was through pumping his second load of cum into my mouth, he fell asleep immediately. I lay beside him listening to his snoring while I stroked my own cock. When I finally orgasmed, I fell asleep, too.

Tony woke me early and had me kneel between his legs and suck his morning hard-on. I was amazed at how much cum he had me swallow considering the previous night. 

Tony became the second steady boyfriend I ever had.

My twin sister, Jenny, and I spoke on the phone at least once a week, sometimes more. She was my best friend, my sounding board; she kept me grounded and focused. We talked about everything in our lives. Well, almost everything—I didn't want her to know how I felt about guys. I would die of shame if she knew what I did with men.

When we spoke about our love lives, I invented girlfriends, or had just broken-up with my latest fictitious lover. Sometimes I would go on and on and create different scenarios that my pretend-girlfriend and I had gone through. After awhile, Jenny seemed to lose interest and quit asking questions. These days, she rarely asked if I was seeing someone. 

Jenny and I were the youngest of five kids. We had three older sisters. We were raised in a small town about a hundred miles from the city. Our father was the Pharmacist in the drugstore. He made a good living but our house was too small for the number of bedrooms we needed. Jenny and I shared a room until we were fourteen.

We had to go to bed early, and we were never tired enough to go to sleep right away, so we talked and talked every night about our day, and what we thought of the goings-on in our lives, and our hopes and dreams. All of my sisters adored me; maybe because I was their only brother, but Jenny and I knew each other better than anyone else.

After we graduated from high school, Jenny went to the college in our town, and I moved to the 'big city' to find work. We still spoke at least once a week and she would come to the city and sleep on my couch whenever it was possible. The first time she visited me I offered her my bed. She laughed and said, "No, thank you, little brother—I know what disgusting things you do in your bed!" She was referring to the time she caught me masturbating, shortly before my mom made her move in with one of our other sisters.

I had suddenly discovered sex. My cock had developed a mind of its own and began getting hard at all the wrong times. Sometimes my older sisters would notice and point at it and giggle. My mom told them to mind their own business; that it was natural and normal for boys to react like this. At night, when I slipped on my pajama bottoms, my cock would spring a boner just from the feel of the material. I began touching it through the pajamas.

One night I reached into my pajamas and took hold of it. God, it felt good! I stroked it a couple times and had my first ejaculation inside the pajamas. From then on, I waited until I could hear Jenny was asleep then pushed the bottoms down and stroked myself to orgasm. I was hooked on masturbation.

It wasn't until I had moved to the city that Jenny filled me in on why she had to move out of our room. It hadn't been her choice, she said.

"You know," she said one day on the phone, "...I could hear you every night...I pretended to fall asleep then I could hear you moving around in bed...you weren't very quiet...when you 'came' you tried to muffle your noises with your pillow—it didn't work, little brother!"

Even though we were on the phone and couldn't see one another, my face turned deep red when she said the word "came", and I felt ashamed. She laughed it off. 

She went on to say that when our mother discovered the crusty stains on my sheets and pajama bottoms, she told Jenny, "It's time to give the boy some privacy." And that's why she moved out of our room.

"You're going to be at graduation, aren't you?" she asked.

"Of course," I said. She was graduating in a month; I was very proud of her—I wouldn't miss it for the world.

Before we hung up, she said, "Little brother, mom is fixing-up your old room—try not to stain the sheets, okay?" and she laughed hysterically.

I don't know if what Tony and I had going could be called a 'relationship'. He never introduced me to any of his friends, and if we went out at all, it would be some place on the other side of town where chances were slim he'd run into anyone he knew.

I knew it was all about the sex, and even though he never touched my erection, I still felt a closeness to him that I'd missed since my first boyfriend, four-years earlier. 

When I got home from work every day, I would shower and shave and spend the night in his apartment and bed. For the first few days he only had me suck him. Then one night in bed, after he had me lick and tongue his anus until his cock was hard again, he had me stand at the end of the bed and bend over for him. 

I spread my legs and he lubed-me-up and roughly shoved his cock into me. It hurt like hell--I hadn't been fucked-in-the-ass in four years. Luckily, it excited him so much he came quickly and I thought it was over, but his cock didn't go soft. My sphincter grabbed and nipped at his cock and kept it hard. When he caught his breath he began sawing in-and-out of me again.

This time, he fucked me with long, slow strokes and my own cock responded. He held my hips and pulled me backwards and impaled me on his cock. His cockhead bumped my prostate and I cried out in pleasure. This excited him even more and he fucked me harder-and-harder reveling in my cries of ecstasy. I emptied my balls on the bedspread before I felt his scalding cum filling my asshole.

He pushed me on the bed and laughed at me. "You really are a dirty, little faggot, aren't you? I never even touched your cock and you still 'came'!"

From then on I was forbidden to masturbate. He said I could only cum when he had his cock in my ass, and it was often, and I never failed to have a fantastic orgasm and shoot copious amounts of semen onto the bed. He made me clean my cum off the bedspread with my tongue. He called me names that degraded me, but I stayed with him. Deep down I knew he was right—I was a 'filthy little cum-slut'.

I asked Tony if he wanted to go to my sisters' graduation, "Fuck-no," he said.

He did, however, lend me his car and I drove the two-hours to my home town with nervous anticipation. I was wondering if I would run into my first boyfriend, Chip. I'd heard he moved back there after he blew-out his knee playing football for a big-time university.

My mother and sisters were all hugs and tears when they saw me. Two of my sisters had gotten married and moved to different states but they'd returned for Jenny's graduation. My other sister had graduated from the college but couldn't find work in her field. My father had gotten her a job at the old drugstore where he used to work. 

My dad was his usual self. We shook hands and he told me I looked healthy. I told him I ate well and exercised every day. We made small talk about the city's sports teams then he excused himself; he had 'forgotten to do something'. It had been a long, long time since we had a meaningful conversation. 
