  Thoroughly Used Again

Hello everyone! This is a continuation of the story, THOROUGHLY USED. In the last chapter, the main character was used by a dominating, well hung black man in an Adult Bookstore while being shared with many of the patrons and used as a cum and piss dump. This story picks up after everyone has left and he is stranded in the bookstore wearing only a tattered pair of pink boy -short style panties. Please note that this story continues the themes set forth in the first one so expect some hardcore fucking and piss play. If this is not your cup of tea, please hit the back button on your browser and go somewhere else. For those of you that like these kinds of stories, enjoy!! As always, I enjoy the feedback, either via comments or sent directly to my email which you can find on my profile page. This series has a total of five chapters planned and I hope you enjoy them all.

=========================

I got back to the original room where we had started and walked over to the couch where I had left my jeans, shirt and sandals only to find that they were gone. I stood there in disbelief as the situation registered with me. I was stuck in an adult bookstore, covered in cum and piss wearing only a pair of torn, hot-pink boy-short panties.

"Fuck me," I said to out loud to myself. 

Once again, I had let my perverse desires get me into a fucked up situation. Walking around back here in the arcade dressed in only a pair of panties was one thing, but how was I going to get out of the store and to my car without being seen by everyone? Worse yet, how was I going to get out of my car and up to my apartment on the third floor without being seen by any of my neighbors? 

"Fuck me," I said again.

I sat down in the room where my clothes were supposed to be and tried to figure out my options. I knew waiting around wasn't going to help anything. Someone had taken my clothes. Maybe it was him. Maybe it was some other guy who was here. Who the fuck knows?! All I did know was that it was the middle of the afternoon. Right now would be the best time to leave because as it got closer to 5pm, more and more people would be coming to the store and it would be crowded with a new batch of horny men who would love to get their hands on me (and cocks in me). That, in and of itself was not an issue. I was more than ready to fuck around and be used some more, but the issue came with getting back in my home unseen. Right now, I could hopefully sneak into my apartment while most everyone was still at work, but the longer I stayed here, the likelihood of that happening was slim to none.

My first task though was to do a quick check of all the available rooms just to make sure my clothes had not just been moved. From there, I would either walk out a clothed man or I would take step 2 in my plan to get out. Run like hell to my car!

I opened up the door to the room and stepped out into the hall. The place was relatively quiet now, save for the cacophony of moans and screams of pleasure from the various video screens in the open rooms. Since you paid for access to the arcade, not for time in a specific room, the TV's were always running. I started to walk room to room, hoping against hope that I would see my clothes thrown in a corner. I got through one whole side of the rectangle of rooms and started on the other side. I turned the corner and saw a lone man standing against the wall. He wasn't anything special. Not gorgeous, but not disgusting. He was like a lot of the men that come in there. He was either hoping to please a cock or find someone to please his.

He looked over at me and smiled. He pushed off the wall and walked towards me. I tried to ignore him and continued checking the rooms, but my small, barely clad body was apparently something he could not resist. He stepped right up to me and his hand went right to my ass.

I spun around at this obvious violation of my space and forcefully said, "Hey, what do you think you are doing?"

"Come on baby," he said with a hint of failed smoothness, "you look so good. Let Daddy have some fun."

"Look, I know where in a sex shop, but that doesn't mean you can just decide to touch me without my permission," I said, surprising myself. Normally I like this. Being forced upon. Being taken. But at the moment, I was perturbed with my situation.

"Well, when you walk around like that, it doesn't exactly scream 'hands off' to someone like me," he said. 

He had a point.

"I'm sorry," I said sheepishly. "I'm just a bit frustrated."

"You and me both baby," he said, stepping closer and running his hands across my smooth tummy.

"No, I mean, my clothes were stolen and now I'm stuck in here like this," I confessed.

"What?" he asked, backing up and taking in my unique circumstance. "Someone took your clothes? How are you going to get home?"

"Oh my keys are in my car," I said, "but it is the walk out that I am not looking forward to."

"Damn, that sucks," he said. "Well, I've got a jacket in the car that you can wear out to yours if you want."

"Really?" I said, astonished at his kindness. "That would be beyond nice of you."

"Of course...," he started, "I think if I'm going to do something nice for you..."

"Well," I said, stepping up closer to him, "you did help solve my frustration. It's only fair that I do the same for you." I reached down and caressed his bulge, expressing my gratitude. "Very nice," I thought to myself. "Very nice indeed."

He pushed me into one of the rooms, closed and locked the door and then his hands were all over me. He began to kiss me and I melted into him. He wasn't rough like the black man had been. He was passionate, like I was exciting him in much more than an "I just want to get off" kind of way.

We must have kissed for five minutes, maybe longer and the entire time, I was rubbing his cock through his slacks. He felt like he was going to burst right through them. I moved both of my hands to his belt and began to unbuckle them while he continued to kiss me and explore my body. 

I undid them and moved my hand to his boxers, caressing him through the flimsy material. I then slid my hand up and into the waist of his underwear before sliding down and grasping a very hard, decent sized cock. He moaned into my mouth, momentarily stopping from kissing me and I took the break to sink down to my knees. As I moved to my rightful place, I pulled his boxers down and his cock sprang out in full view. He was definitely above average and very hard. I grasped him again and began to stroke while moving my mouth to his shaved balls. 

He thrust his crotch toward my mouth and I felt him grasp the back of my head. His throbbing cock slid across my face as his balls sank into my mouth. I made a ring around each one, sucking them into my mouth and pleasuring them with my tongue. I moved from ball to ball as he continued to slide his engorged dick across my smooth face.

"Oh yeah, that's it," he moaned as I worked him over. I used my hands solely as a way of keeping his balls pushed out from his body so that they would fit effortlessly into my mouth. I bathed his hairless sack for ages, teasing out the pleasure to both of us. I simply adore a nice set of shaved balls and I will suck on them endlessly if given the chance. But, it seems, that chance was not going to be given to me. He wanted more than a simple ball wash. Not that this surprised me, of course.

He pulled back enough to withdraw his nuts from my mouth and his dick slid fully off my face and in one swift motion, he lined up with my still open mouth and pushed his cock inside. With his hands on my head, he began to face fuck me, pushing his cock into my mouth with deep, needful thrusts. I fondled his wet balls while he used my face, but he wanted a bit more submissiveness from his new found cocksucker.

"No hands," he said. "Put them behind your back and keep them there."

I did as he instructed, latching my hands behind my back as I sat on my knees dressed in only a pair of tattered pink boy-short panties and let this Good Samaritan, who had promised me the use of a jacket from his car, fuck my face.

"You have such a nice mouth," he slurred, his thrusts becoming harder. He pulled out and slapped my face multiple times before yanking my head back and spitting on my face. What a delightfully unexpected surprise!

"Such a whore," he stated and then pushed back into my mouth. He was combining his strong pelvic thrusts with an equally strong and opposite direction yank of my head back and forth along his cock. As accustomed as I was to taking dicks in my mouth and down my throat, even I found myself choking and gagging. One specific thrust had me almost retching and I involuntarily yanked back against the invading object and threw my hands up from their position to push off the onslaught. 

This only seemed to anger him.

"I fucking told you bitch, no hands," he said as he released my head and reached down, sliding his black leather belt from the loops in his slacks. He quickly shuffled behind me and said, "Put your hands behind your back again."

I did as I was told and I felt him loop the belt around my crossed forearms so that they were bound together behind my back, bent at the elbows. He tightened the restraint and then, when I guess he was satisfied, shuffled back and took his place in front of me once again.

"Open up," he said.

I opened my mouth.

"Stick out your tongue," he said.

I stuck out my tongue.

"Now, keep your eyes open and on me," he said.

He pushed forward and slid his cock into my mouth and didn't stop until my nose was buried against his skin. His cock was in my throat, his balls resting against my chin. I began to pull back, but he put his hands on the back of my head and pulled me towards him, keeping himself buried all the way to the hilt.

I couldn't breathe. I tried to through my nose, but his cock was blocking everything.

I began to struggle and I am sure that there was a bit of fear in my eyes because he chuckled. I began to pull against the restraints of the belt and tried to get any leverage, but the way I was sitting and the way in which he was holding me, I couldn't do anything much. I felt his grip on my head tighten, keeping me there. I seriously became worried that he was going to try suffocate me. I even had the very real thought of having to bite down on him if he wasn't going to let me up. But right as that thought became more prevalent, he finally let go to which I yanked back and gasped for air, coughing a few times in the process and sputtering large strands of saliva.

"Anyone ever tells you to go choke on a dick, you can tell them you already have," he snorted. 

"Motherfucker," I thought to myself. I was a little pissed, yet, at the same time, excited. He was displaying his dominance over me and I have to admit, I get off on that. Not to mention the endorphin and adrenaline rush that was coursing through my body. 

As I sat there gasping for air, he slid his slick, slimy cock across my face, smearing me with my own saliva. His dick slithered across my face, bent where his hand was holding it, as it seeked out a way to straighten itself. The head came to my open mouth and pounced its way back inside of me. He grasped my head again in both hands and began to face fuck me once again.

He continued his pounding of my mouth and throat with a steady rhythm of deep strokes, shallow strokes, smacks to my face with his dick and even his hands, choking me with his cock or with his hands around my throat and pushing his erection against my face while he made me lick and suck away at his balls. It was a messy, sloppy, wet blowjob that had me gasping, coughing and whimpering. It was outstanding.

He withdrew fully and I saw him step back and then kick out of his slacks. He was now standing only his socks and shirt, but the shirt was quickly removed as well. He came back up to me and twisted me around, pushing me back against the wall where he began to piston into me as I was stuck between him and the wall. I held my mouth open as best I could so that my teeth did not graze against the skin of his shaft and I could hear the sound of my head banging against the wall with each thrust. I was delirious with lust as this man used me. My cock was straining against my panties.

Again, he withdrew and moved me, this time pushing me back onto the floor on my back, my head laying against the hard concrete and my crotch jutting up in the air as my hands were folded and bound behind my back. He laid down over my face like he was going to do a pushup, his cock pointing down from his body to my mouth and slid into me. He pumped hard for a few moments before pulling out again, possibly unimpressed with this position. He quickly reached down and in one swift motion, he tore my panties from my body.

I gasped as the material ripped apart against my body and my cock bounced, finally free from its restraints. My panties had just been barely hanging on, but now, there was no way that they were going to ever go back on. In that moment though, I didn't care. I didn't care one bit.

He grabbed my throbbing cock and gave it a few strokes which elicited a moan from me. As quickly as he had started though, he stopped and grabbed me by my arms, pulling me to the side and then over on my stomach. His hands went to my firm cheeks and he began to squeeze and caress me. I could hear him breathing heavily between my own moans. What I had expected to be just a quick blowjob for a stranger was turning out to be a bit more involved.

He pulled me up by my hips which left my head and upper chest resting against the floor. My hands were still bound behind my back and my ass was now presented up in the air as I sat on my knees. He spread my cheeks apart and explored my ass and hole.

"Fuck, your ass is red and puffy," he said. "You've been fucked very hard, very recently, haven't you?"

"Mmhmmm," I moaned and moved my ass back and forth, inviting him to touch me more.

"Well, I hope you aren't too sore because I'm going to fuck you too," he said matter-of-factly as he continued to pry apart my ass cheeks to expose my hole. He ran two fingers around my swollen entrance before spitting directly onto the puckered skin. He slid a sole finger inside of me, noticing the lack of resistance. 

"Oh wow, you are pretty well broken in, aren't you," he said. It wasn't really a question, but more of an observation. He slipped a second finger inside of me and began to saw in and out. I moaned for him. "Clamp down on my fingers with your ass, boy," he commanded.

I clenched around his fingers as he pushed into me. "Ahh, there we go. There's my tight fuck hole," he said.

He pulled out of my ass and I felt him shift around, readjusting his position behind me. His left hand grabbed my hips and then I felt him line his cock up with my ass. With no pretense, he pushed into me, letting out a moan of his own. "Oh that feels good," he said.

He began to fuck me at a normal pace, sliding easily in and then back out of me.

"Clench down," he said. I tightened my ass for him, gripping his hard dick as he slowly slid back and forth inside me. He was smaller than the black man who had pounded away in me in front of a group of strangers, but he still felt great inside me. I felt so naughty with my ass raised obscenely high and my face resting and sliding against the cold, dirty floor.

His hands gripped my hips as he rocked back and forth inside me. He wasn't fucking me hard and fast like so many do, but instead he kept a slow, deliberate pace. I could feel every inch of him slide into me and then withdraw. It was a welcome change to the fast paced pounding I had already received.

With his right hand, he smacked my ass while he continued to slowly fuck me. I moaned as he did. He took this as a sign of approval and spanked me again.

He then pulled out and I quickly felt him readjust. I then felt his tongue lapping away at my gaping hole. I began to squirm and moan as he ate my ass. I pushed back as best I could against his mouth and he went at my hole with vigor.

He straightened back up and plunged back into my body and went back to fucking me slowly, like he was savoring the moment and not looking to cum anytime soon.

"We have an audience, slut," he claimed. With my face still on the ground, it was hard to see, but I strained as best I could to look at the window partition. There, at the window appeared to be another white man stroking his cock through his jeans. The man in my ass picked up the pace and started fucking me a little harder, a little faster, showing off for the new man. I closed my eyes and just enjoyed the fucking I was receiving, uncaring of who watched me.

I then felt him pull out of me, leaving me empty once again. I then heard him unlock the door and open it. I knew right then and there that I was about to be shared once again.

The two exchanged some quiet, awkward greetings and then then I felt a pair of hands on my ass and a hard cock being pushed back into me.

"He's got such a great ass," said the first guy. I could tell from the proximity of his voice that he was the one fucking me. "He's also got a great mouth too."

I felt another pair of hands start tracing over my body. They came to my bound hands and began to undo them. Once free, they fell to my sides and the second man came around to where my head was and began to pull me up. I assisted him and pushed up onto my hands and knees.

His hands began to grope my face, his fingers tracing around my mouth. He inserted two fingers past my lips and I clamped down on them, sucking them like they were a small dick. In front of me, I could see a sizeable bulge in his jeans. The first guy was starting to fuck me a little harder and faster, pushing my body forward with each thrust. The new guy removed his fingers, grasped my head and started to hump his covered cock against my face.

"You want this cock too?" he asked. 

"Yes, uhnnh, please, uhnnh," I managed to say.

He held my face in place as I was thrust against his denim encased cock by the deliberate pounding of my ass. He scooted back on his knees enough to undo them and fish into his pants to retrieve a long, somewhat thick piece of meat. He stroked it a few times inches from my face and then pushed forward, sinking his impressive tool into my mouth and completing the spit roast. He took a few shallow thrusts into my mouth and then grabbed my head and started fucking my face, matching the tempo of the man in my ass. Each of them would push into me at the same time, same tempo and then pull out together.

My head was pointing forward giving him a rather straight forward path down my throat and he took full advantage of it as he realized I could take it without much effort or fear of vomiting. They thrust into me over and over, their hard cocks filling and then evacuating my body only to repeat. Even after my thorough pounding by the black man earlier, it felt so good to be sandwiched between these two cocks that were using both of my holes for their pleasure.

"Hey," said the man fucking my ass, "let's see how hard he can take it."

"Sounds good to me," said the guy fucking my face.

The man in my ass gripped my hips harder and the man in my mouth took a firm grip on my head and then they started pounding hard and fast into my holes. No longer were they matching the other's speed. Now they were just ramming in and out of me, their cocks surely a blur as they buried themselves into me. I moaned, grunted and gurgled as their dicks plowed away.

"Oh fuck yeah," said the first man as he jackhammered into my ass. "You wanna fuck his ass some?"

"Hell yeah," said the new guy. 

The man in my ass pulled out and then spanked me hard on the right ass cheek. "Spin around for us," he said.
