 We had been waiting until Bill's wife left the house and when he opened the door, wearing a robe, I could see that he was surprised to see me with another guy as he expected me to be alone. I introduced him to my friend Jerry who was in town for a few days. Jerry is a rugged looking ex-Navy man with a great physique and it seemed as though the two of them hit it off as soon as they shook hands. After sitting around and talking for a while, Bill suggested that we not waste any more time and go into the bedroom and get undressed since he was horny as hell. We followed him into the bedroom and started to undress. 

Bill removed his robe, got up on the bed and leaned back against the pillows waiting for us to join him. As soon as I was naked, I got up on the bed and sat on my knees between his spread legs and began to fondle his cock and balls. When Jerry finished undressing and turned around to face the bed, I saw Bill's eyes open wide in surprise as he gazed at his organ. Even soft, it was a formidable cock and he couldn't take his eyes off it. 

Jerry saw the way he was looking at it and got up on the bed, with his knees on either side of his head and rested his balls on his face. I saw him open his mouth and begin to suck his balls and decided that I too, wanted to suck a pair of balls so I lowered my face to Bill's crotch and started to lick the full, tight sack and then take them in my mouth and lick them with my tongue. He started to moan in passion as I sucked his balls and with Jerry's balls in your mouth, the vibrations caused him to groan in ecstasy. Then I heard Bill exclaim about how big his cock was growing and asked him to feed him the head so he could suck it for him. That was my cue to work my tongue up to Bill's cock and nibble on the base and lick all around it as I worked my way up the rigid shaft. When I reached his crown, I took it gently between my lips and drew on it to try and bring up some pre-cum to drink. 

I heard Jerry talking to him and telling him not to stop sucking him as it felt so good. Bill's cock felt good in my mouth and I began to relax my throat muscles and work it further down my throat so that I had as much as possible captured. I worked a wet finger into his asshole as I deep throated him and let my throat muscles contract around his organ so that I was milking him with them. The sexy sounds he was making as he sucked Jerry's huge penis were turning me on tremendously and I began to work my mouth up and down his beautiful cockhead and lick off the pre-cum as it flowed out. Then I heard Jerry cry out that he was cumming and that triggered Bill's orgasm immediately. 

I felt his cock swell and then felt a gush of hot cum splash against the back of my throat as he began to spasm. I backed off a bit so that I was sucking his crown and his spurts filled my mouth with his sweet juices which I greedily gulped down. I heard his moans as he tasted Jerry's huge load and sucked hard on his smooth head to get more. After Jerry's spasms ended, he lay down alongside Bill as I held his cock in my mouth and rested my head on his thigh as both of them recuperated from their mind bending orgasms. Finally, I let his soft penis escape from my lips and lay back waiting for the two of them to come back to Earth. 

I had my eyes closed and suddenly felt a mouth encircle my huge hardon and looked down to see Jerry sucking me as Bill watched and waited for him to pass it to him also. The two of them passed my organ back and forth sucking it in tandem and giving me the pleasure I was waiting for. I lifted my hips off the bed and fed both of them as much cock as they could manage to swallow as their sucking was driving me up the wall and I knew it wouldn't be long before my orgasm would hit me. It happened while Bill was deep throating me and I began to pump vast quantities of cum down his throat which he hungrily sucked up and then quickly passed over to Jerry so that he could drink some also. Jerry kept sucking me long after my orgasm ended and tried to squeeze up more cum to drink by squeezing it up from the base. 

We rested for a while, had some cold drinks to refresh ourselves and then I suggested that Bill and I make a sandwich with Jerry as the meat. Bill got on his back and I asked Jerry to get on top of him in a 69 position and go ahead and start sucking each other while I prepared myself. I waited and watched the two of them eating each other and as soon as I heard Bill's moans and gasps of passion, I put the head of my lubed cock to Jerry's tight, puckered asshole and began to feed it in slowly as he pushed back against me trying to get more cock inside him. 

My balls were brushing against Bill's forehead as I fucked Jerry and I saw that he had him deep in his throat and was sucking hard on his shaft as he played with his balls and mine. I lay down on top of him and kept stroking in and out of his tight, smooth ass as the both of them sucked hard on each other's throbbing organs. The three of us kept this up for quite some time but none of us were ready to cum since we had all emptied our balls a short time ago. Then I felt as though I wanted a cock inside me while I fucked Jerry and I asked Bill to lube my ass and fuck me and then we'd switch positions so that all of us would have a turn being fucked and fucking. 

I let him feed his throbbing organ all the way inside me and, when hewas in up to his cock hairs, I fed my hard penis back inside Jerry until I was all the way in and then we moved together in a synchronous rhythm of passion and pleasure. After a few minutes, I asked Bill to pull out so that he could fuck Jerry's ass while I got inside his and I worked my thick shaft inside his tight asshole while his rock hard penis was stroking in and out of Jerry's ass. 

I got my cock deep inside him and waited for him to fill Jerry's ass with his thick erection before we started our back and forth thrusts. My organ felt wonderful inside his smooth, tight asshole and his cock was doing fabulous things to Jerry at the same time from the sexy moans coming from him. I reached around and held Bill's balls in my hand as he fucked Jerry and reached around with the other to stroke Jerry's throbbing penis. I lifted off drops of pre-cum from the head of his cock and we shared licking it off my finger as we fucked. 

The three of us changed positions three or four times before we all seemed to get extremely hot and near orgasm. Bill had his cock inside me and mine was inside Jerry when I heard him cry out that he was cumming and felt the hot splash of his juices in my asshole. His cum triggered my orgasm and my cock swelled as I started to pump cum inside Jerry just as Bill kept filling my ass with more of his. I had my hand around his thick, throbbing shaft as I came and suddenly, I heard Jerry gasp as his cock pumped huge quantities of cum all over the bed and my hand and the three of us collapsed on the bed to rest for a short while before the next session. 

Since we were nowhere near satisfied and it was starting to get late, we decided to swing over to my place and Bill left a note for his wife that he had to go out and wouldn't be home until late. When we got to my place, we stripped immediately and, as I poured some drinks for us, Bill was playing with my cock and getting it hard. I suggested that, before we get involved in each other's charms again, we have something light to eat so that we have the strength to continue. I called and had a pizza delivered and when the delivery boy arrived had him come in and put it down on the table. 

When he saw the three of us wearing robes, he knew exactly what was going on and when I saw the intense interest in his gaze, I asked him if he would like to join us and stay awhile and he agreed immediately. I told him to go into the bedroom and take off his clothes and pick a robe from the closet and come back and join us. When he came back, he introduced himself as Larry and, since he was the newcomer, we asked him to open his robe and show us his equipment. He opened his robe to reveal a very thick, cut organ of average length and a huge pair of full, tight balls. His cockhead was magnificent! It was large and smooth and sloped and had a deep ridge all around it with a deep slit in the tip that just begged to be tongued. 

I asked him to lay back on the couch and got down between his thighs and started licking and sucking his huge balls before I moved up to his thick pole. Jerry and Bill moved on both sides of him and were alternately feeding him their cocks to suck as I teased his cock slit with the tip of my tongue and was rewarded with some delicious precum. I covered his crown with my lips just under his ridge and sucked firmly on it as I hefted his balls and gently squeezed them. As I sucked his thick organ, I watched him as he avidly sucked both of you and it seemed that he couldn't get enough of your cocks. 

I relaxed my muscles and started to take him deeper and deeper until I couldn't swallow anymore and his moans and body motions were beautiful to hear and see. I held him deep down my throat and each time I swallowed around his thick cock, he would gasp and thrust his cock deeper in my mouth, while I milked his penis. I had a wonderful feeling of contentment while his penis was all the way down my throat and never wanted it to leave. It's the same feeling that I get when my cock is buried deep inside a cunt so that the slightest motion by either of us results in extremely pleasurable sensations. 

Suddenly, I felt Larry's cock swell and jerk in my mouth as he began shooting hot jets of cum down my throat which I gulped down hungrily as I squeezed his balls firmly to try and coax more out. I made sure that I got every last drop of his cum out of him before I sat on the couch to relax. 

Jerry and Bill had absolutely gorgeous erections and Larry looked like he could use a little rest so I asked everyone to move into the bedroom and get comfortable as I want Larry to watch the three of us in action until he's ready and able to join us. Jerry lay down on his back and I got on my knees between his legs and bent over as I ran my tongue over his balls and shaft. 

As I was losing myself in his tasty meat, I felt a cock touch my anus and then it popped inside up to the crown and started to feel real good as I took Jerry's enormous penis in my mouth. I hadn't sucked Jerry's cock in almost 2 months and remembered how much I loved sucking that delicious organ of his as I swallowed his thickness and kept him deep down my throat. Bill was thrusting his beautiful penis in and out of my ass while I was in a different world sucking Jerry's fabulous organ and then Larry got up and squatted over Jerry as he fed him his semi-erect member to suck. We stayed this way for some time and then Bill grasped me by the hips and thrust deep inside me as I felt his cock erupt in one jet after another of hot cum. 

Long after his last spasm, he withdrew his softening cock from my ass and got down underneath me and began sucking my penis as I deep throated Jerry. Then I felt the organ in my mouth twitch as a rope of hot cum followed and hit the back of my throat. I gulped it down and then backed off so that all his following jets would be on my tongue so that I could taste his delicious juices rather than just gulping them down. As soon as I sucked him dry and lifted my head, Larry rubbed his cockhead against my face and probed my lips with it. I opened my mouth and he thrust the head forward as I began sucking his thick tool. 

He was fucking my face as if it were a cunt and I sucked firmly on his thick shaft as he worked it in and out. Meanwhile, Bill was doing a beautiful job on my cock and was sucking me from the base of my cock back up to the tip and running his tongue all over the thick pole as he sucked. I felt my orgasm approaching and mumbled something around the gorgeous organ I was sucking, just before my penis erupted in spasms feeding Bill's hungry mouth with load after load of cream as he sucked deeply to get more out of me. 

Then Larry's organ suddenly exploded in my mouth and before I knew what was happening I was gulping down hot ropes of delicious cum as he emptied his balls. I held his cock in my mouth for some time after he came just as Bill had me in his mouth and then we all relaxed on the bed and got some refreshing cold drinks. 

Bill and I were the only married guys in our foursome as Jerry and Larry were single. Jerry was living with a gal who understood his need for cock and sometimes even joined him just to watch as it turned her on tremendously. Larry was strictly gay and had never had a woman and asked us all sorts of questions about how it feels and how a pussy tastes, etc. As we talked, we were playing with each other's organs and they were starting to come alive again so Larry rolled over between my legs and started licking and sucking my cock and balls. 

I rolled him on his side and reached over and grasped Bill's thickening penis and pulled him to me so that I could rest my head on his thigh and suck his delicious organ while Jerry fed him his cock to suck and he sucked Larry's throbbing organ. The four of us sucked each other's cocks for a long time and, since we had already cum at least once, our organs were good and hard but none of us were near cumming. Jerry lifted his head from Larry's throbbing penis and asked if we would take turns stroking him to orgasm so we gathered around him and I poured some lube over his magnificent, thick tool and began stroking it from the base to the tip while the others took turns playing with his balls and asshole. 

We decided to play a sort of Russian Roulette game with him and each of us stroked him for 5 minutes in tandem and took bets on who would be the one to make him cum. His penis was gorgeous and felt so good in our hands as we squeezed and stroked his beautiful, thick shaft that we each reluctantly let go of his erection when our 5 minutes were up. Bill was eagerly stroking him when Jerry's cock suddenly erupted in geysers of hot cum as one spasm after another convulsed his body. We took turns leaning forward and letting the ropes of cum splash on our faces as he covered all of us in his jism and then we licked it off each other until we were clean. 

Bill said that since he won the game, he wanted his prize and we told him that we each owed him a blowjob and he could collect anytime he wished. The satisfied smile on Jerry's face was testimony to our efforts and then Larry asked if Bill and I would like to masturbate him while Jerry watched and rested. 

He also wanted to suck cock while we stroked him so Bill fed him his thick penis to suck while I masturbated his beautiful organ and every once in a while, when our arms got tired, we would switch off until his member started spraying hot cum in the air. I was stroking him when he started cumming and couldn't resist taking his head in my mouth as I continued stroking him as he fed me his juices. When I sucked the last drops from his balls, we all lay back and relaxed and decided to call it a night as Bill and Larry had to get home. 

I asked Jerry to stay the night instead of going back to the hotel and we went to sleep sucking on each other's organs after discussing the events of the evening and how much he enjoyed Bill and Larry. He also mentioned that he'd have to find reasons to come to town more often as he's going to miss their beautiful organs.