 I felt tired and numb after Trevor's shag but I was going to have to wait to slumber, because Trev's activity had woken Roger who clearly wanted some of the action.

There was I pitched between them in Roger's grand king size bed and Roger had enough meat on him to warrant that. I took up the brothers' offer to spend the night with them. I don't know why I did, I am quite happy with my partner ,John who serves me well - but I frankly needed the cash, so when Roger pulled out a £50 note and crunched it into my hand I was theirs for the night.

During the evening both guys complimented me, saying how good I looked in tight brush jeans. They'd 'picked me up' in the bowling alley where I spent leisure time keeping trim.

"We have a way of keeping you trim with an ass like that" said the guy who turned out to be Trevor, the one who had just shagged me.

There was no beating about the bush with their intentions and I was always one to step into a new adventure, and being with two guys boggled the mind. But it would have to be worth my while and anyway, I wasn't sure what John would think if he found out.

But soon I found myself in the back seat of Roger's car, he was driving and Trev was beside me already feeling me up around my hind, telling me how good I felt and what a fuckable ass I had.

I could see Roger was looking through his rear mirror as he muttered; "Nice one Trev. I think we are onto a winner here!"

"You are so tight, Babe" Trev whispered. I bet you are a great fuck, do you have a regular partner?"

I told him I did.

"Does he shag you a lot?"

"Enough!" I returned

"So you are no virgin then, Roger, did you hear that?"

"I did, Trev, That's fine. He will be well oiled then."

Well we got to Roger's place and it wasn't long before they both took their turns with me. I was already well and truly shagged before we hit the pillow, and sufficiently watered too, the lads liked there tipple and when they got me so sozzled I'd do almost anything.

I remember well though Trev taking me over the arm of the settee after a lot of oral stuff. I could taste him still in my mouth even though he was now working it up my ass. But then Roger was offering me his as he positioned himself kneeling on the settee, his large prick upright and jerking as he guided it to my mouth, grasped my head and pushed it in. It felt nice in my mouth and I adored the earthy taste

I now served two cocks at the same time and, although it was quite rough at first, the sense of taste and feel was exciting, then they changed sides and all at once I had Trev in my mouth, still smothered in the fermentation of my passage and I don't know what it was, but that created a certain sensual relevance that made our mutual sharing very dynamic and immediately, as Roger took his turn, fucking me in the ass with a much bigger attribute, the feel of him stretching and thrusting inside me was really nice, Each thrust matched that of Trev's cock in my throat and I felt complete.

It had been something I had been apprehensive about earlier after I had accepted the brother's offer, but now all my worries had vanished and I utterly enjoyed the both of them inside my orifices.

You'd think after an evening of sheer bliss after we'd shagged, sucked and licked and I don't know what, because everything started to go blurry later on. You would think we would all sink into a good night's sleep, our bodies well gratified after a good hot shower.

But an hour into sleep and I felt the nudge of Trev behind me, me, in the middle of the bed facing Roger.

His swelling grew immense between my buttocks and twisting my hand around, I felt the sheer heat and length of it beating in my palm.

"Now!" he whispered prompting me to raise my right leg so, in stretching my ass cheeks wide open, he was soon able to penetrate my hole and the fuck was warm and wonderful. Different to earlier when they were quick and done. Trev was aiming to make this last I could tell, when he paused occasionally, and just held himself steadfast deep inside me.

"Mmm. It feels so good Alex. How is it for you?"

I moved a little from side to side, feeling the throb of him inside, replying that it felt so perfect there. He began to fuck me again. It was lovely. I didn't want it to end, and the fact that I was sleepy made it all like a perfect dream. It was heavenly hearing him reach the peak. Just before the final thrust, he paused and I knew he was soon there. The yell when he climaxed must have awoken Roger if he wasn't awake already so I guessed he would want his turn.

But I was still out of breath after Trev's deep shag. 

"No problem, Alex. Just bend over the edge of the bed and let me enjoy you that way. By this time Trev was in slumber land but I was still wide awake, in my nothingness, perched over the edge of the bed for the service of Roger and his very thick long tongue.

He made no excuses for rimming me with that very intrusive tongue, sucking and like he was eating me, pinching and nudging my ass cheeks, stretching them so wide open as he filled the cavity with his face, enjoying me absolutely in every way he could.

He must have sucked me for a good half hour and I was well numbed, what with that and the result of Trev's earlier shag.

"Are you ready for it? " he said with baited breath. I could tell he was and stiffened my body ready for his insert. He lathered me with lubricant and when straight in. Was he fully inside me? I didn't know because of the numbness, I twisted my hand around and found his girth, which was up to the brim so I knew his great seven and a half of heaven was right up me. I squeezed his balls which he groaned he liked. His fuck was deeper than Trev's and the movements different to, he enjoyed fucking me sideways, taking his erection right out of me and plunging it in again.

I felt all ass for his to plunder and take at his will, like a servant lad being taken at his masters pleasure. "I shall take you over my knee afterwards Alex and spank you, I want you all plum red before I fuck that ass again." so he led me downstairs, had me perched over his knee and I felt him slap me several times. The hurt was bad at first but the pleasure afterwards made it all worthwhile. Because he gave me such a wonderful pampering with dreams and oils and when he gave me my' goodnight' fuck it was beautiful. It was better too because he gave me a real good stiff wanking at the same time.

I finally did get my sleep, between the two guys I had satisfied to the brim. But that didn't mean that they didn't want me again an the morning before breakfast..

More licking, more sucking and of course the ultimate fucking. Going to work in the office I felt both guys were still with me all day, and I definitely needed a cushion to sit on.

They wanted me again at the weekend. But I always spent weekends with John I said. "Bring him along". They said

I wasn't sure how I was going to approach John, he would find out I had been with them if I did invite him sure enough.

But such was the magnetism of these two guys I went for it.

And you know what?

We are now a happy foursome!