 

Pro Bowl



---Sunday

Ben greeted me at the door that afternoon with an extended hug and I instantly became hard. Ever since last week, or perhaps even before, my dick had somehow become accustomed to springing to life whenever I was in forty feet of him.

"It's just the two of us," Ben said as he affectionately rubbed the back of my neck. "You want a drink? How about a whiskey on the rocks?"

"Sure," I replied and took a seat on the couch.

Ben headed to the kitchen to pour some drinks while I dived into the chips and dip. He called out from the kitchen, asking if I had seen the trailers for a couple of upcoming films he was interested in seeing. I indicated that I hadn't, so he turned on his Apple TV and played them. They both looked good and I agreed to go see them with him when they were released. Then he pulled up a third trailer for us to watch without any forewarning as to what the film was about. He draped his arm behind me on the couch as the name of some production company with 'Rogue' in the title flashed across the screen followed by a couple of scenic shots overlaid with names of actors I didn't recognize. I thought at first that it might be some independent film with a decent production budget or a documentary about rural America. There was a brief but dull montage of some relatively young, well-built guys working outdoors on a farm with snippets of trite dialogue between them. This particular film seemed somewhat of a departure from Ben's general interest in adventure and science fiction films but I guessed that there would eventually be a twist in the storyline and the guys would be defending their land and lives against some sort of violent intrusion since they all appeared physically primed for feats of strength and endurance. Then, all of a sudden, two of the guys dropped their farm tools and began kissing one another in a barn. I froze for a moment with my drink in hand as the make-out session was quickly succeeded with jump cuts of the two guys out of their work clothes and sucking each other's dicks.

"What the hell is this?!" I managed to blurt out after my initial surprise. Ben burst into laughter at my stunned reaction as I glanced briefly at him before returning my attention back to the screen. One guy then began rimming the other before plowing his ass from behind on a bale of hay. Three more male couples successively engaged in all of the same activities on a tractor, on a fence, and in a silo before the two-minute trailer concluded with several jump-cuts of the guys on the verge of ejaculating.

When it was over, I turned back to Ben who was shaking silently and wiping tears from his bright-red cheeks.

"What the hell was that?!" I asked, joining him in a fit of laughter.

"You've never seen any gay porn before, have you?" Ben asked me after we both collected ourselves enough to speak. I shook my head in response, dumbstruck and blushing. "What about bi porn?" I shook my head again. "Oh, my god, you've seen straight porn, right?"

"Well, yeah, that I have."

"Well, what do you think?" he queried, indicating the screen with a nod of his head.

"Uh ... well," I said, searching for a response, "they all seemed to be having a really great time."

"That they did," Ben agreed. "Have you ... you know ... ever thought about doing something like that? Having sex with another guy?"

I looked back at the blank screen and stammered my response. "I ... uh ... guess I ... I don't really know."

"Well, you already have, in a way, you know," Ben teased. "When you licked my butthole and jacked my dick."

We laughed together as I felt my face flush with heat. "Well, then ... I guess I can't really say that I wouldn't ... you know ... ever have actual sex with another guy." I swallowed the lump in my throat and then asked, "What about you?"

Ben shrugged and nodded slightly. "Well, yeah," he replied casually. "I think I'd try it once. Hell, I'll try almost anything once." I nodded and then quickly looked away, taking a large gulp of my drink in order to quell the knots within my stomach. "You want another drink?" Ben offered as he extended his hand.

I wasn't completely finished with my first drink, so I downed the rest of it and handed him my glass. "Yeah, sure," I replied. He took the glass from me and headed for the kitchen. "I'm gonna hit the john real quick," I announced as I got up from the couch.

I closed the bathroom door behind me, turned on the faucet, and splashed the cool water on my face repeatedly. I leaned against the sink and wiped the water from my eyes, attempting to slow my heart rate with deliberate breathing. I looked at myself in the mirror and watched the droplets of water slowly stream down my face. I couldn't quite distinguish whether I was absolutely certain or just merely hopeful that I was about to have sex with Ben. All I knew was that I really wanted it. I couldn't completely grasp the reason as to why, because I had never considered it before, but I guess that didn't really matter. Given all that we had done over the past couple of weekends, it was, perhaps, only natural to find myself at this point. Engaging in these various homoerotic activities with him had seemed to not only establish a deeper sense of trust and comfort with him but a sexual desire for him as well. Or, more likely, it could be that I have been sexually attracted to him all along without being fully cognizant of it and that everything we did together had merely served to bring it to my attention. Truth be told, relationships with women had never been much of a priority for me; my friendships with men, particular Ben, always have been. It then occurred to me that neither of us had discussed women in any kind of specific way with each other over the entire course of our friendship. Not once had I ever seen him ogle a woman, or point out someone attractive, or even discuss his previous relationships. Perhaps Ben was more interested in gay sex than his causal demeanor and proclivity for experimentation implied. I smiled to myself at the fledgling belief that he wanted to have sex with me as much as I wanted to have sex with him.

I was slightly startled when I heard an assertive knock on the door. "You doing alright in there?" Ben asked in a muffled voice. "You better not be beating off without me."

I quickly wiped my face with a towel and opened the door. "I'm not beating off."

"Not without me, you're not," he said with a grin and then wrapped his arm around my shoulder and pulled me into the hallway. "Come on, the game's about to start."

We took our usual seats on the couch next to each other but, this time, he positioned himself close enough so that the sides of our arms and legs were firmly touching.

"So, what kind of wagers do we have for this game?" I asked, sipping my whiskey.

"I dunno," Ben replied. "I hadn't really thought about it. It's the Pro Bowl, so there aren't really any teams to side with, but we could split the divisions. What do you think? Got any ideas?"

I shrugged, distracted by the reassuring warmth of his leg and arm against mine. "We'll figure something out."

The game started and immediately consumed our attention. We snacked a bit and sipped our drinks, watching the various plays and attempts for a first down. Early on, the AFC had possession, snapped the ball, and the quarterback searched a while for an open receiver. He was almost tackled twice but was protected by his linemen before he ran the ball himself several yards for a first down. As we watched the thrilling play unfold, Ben sat up in his seat and, unconsciously, I think, grabbed my thigh in excited anticipation. When the play was over, we sat back against the couch but his hand on my thigh remained in place.

I sat quietly for a brief amount of time, the warmth from his hand causing my cock to slowly stiffen to a fully-hardened state. I took a sip of whiskey, turned to Ben and suggested, "Hey, why don't we play that 'cocksucker' game again."

Ben looked at me and gave a nod of his head. "Okay. You want to do it with whiskey?" he asked as he raised his glass. "That could be fun. Or do want some beer? I got some in the fridge."

I shook my head and looked him right in the eye. "No, with our actual cocks."

For the second time during the course of the Playoffs, I was able to savor the enjoyment of catching Ben off-guard. He stared blankly at me for a split second, furiously processing what he had just heard. "You serious?" he asked, his eyes brightening and his mouth widening into a smile.

"Sure," I replied.

Ben laughed, patting my leg. "Alright, you're on!"

"I'll take the NFC and you can have the AFC," I told him.

Ben agreed a deliberate nod of his head. "You got it." Then we turned our attention back to the game. Our investment in our respective teams increased exponentially as we cheered and winced at the various ensuing plays.

The AFC was the first team to get on the leaderboard with a 3-point field goal. Ben set his drink down and poised himself at the edge of his seat. "You ready for this?" he asked earnestly.

I set my drink down next to his. "Sure."

Ben stood up and positioned himself in front of me, thumbs tucked in the waistband of his gym shorts. His plump dick slowly but steadily began to rise, tenting his shorts. I watched it for a moment and then reached up, gripping the waistband of his shorts before peeling them down and over his growing cock. I watched it for a moment, taking full advantage of the opportunity to inspect it up close. He tucked his waistband under his balls, which brought them forward and angled his dick slightly upward.

I looked up at him and he smiled back at me anxiously. I leaned forward and opened my mouth, taking him all the way inside; the musky scent of his groin wafted into my nostrils as I pushed his cockhead against the back of my throat. I enclosed my lips around his wide girth and pulled slowly back, enjoying the particular taste of his skin and the feel of his full cock inside my mouth and along my tongue.

I pulled off and ran my lips up one side of his thick shaft and down the other. I returned to his bulbous head and encircled it with my tongue, tasting a tinge of saltiness, which I assumed to be pre-cum. I took him in my mouth again and slowly slid down and back up the entire length of him several times.

"Oh, fuck, buddy," he said looking at me with his mouth agape. I gave his dick one last lick, which elicited a visible tremor from him, and then sat back.

Ben pulled his shorts back up and then sank into the couch, resting his head against the cushion. "That was almost too much for me, man. I could've choked you with my spooge right there." He laughed at himself, ran his fingers through his hair and then clapped his hand on my leg. He kept his hand on my thigh as he sat up, grabbed his drink and took a large gulp.

We turned back to the game but I found it difficult to focus. All I could think about was the fact that I had taken his dick in my mouth. Ben munched on some grapes but I abstained from eating or drinking anything for a brief while because I didn't want to erase the slight tang his skin had left in my mouth. I forced my attention back on the game, silently willing the AFC to score again.

It was the NFC who scored the next touchdown and conversion later in the quarter, which elicited a positive vocal response from Ben. "You're cheering for the opposing team?" I inquired with a chuckle.

"Well," Ben replied as he shrugged, blushing a little. "I guess it's my turn now."

My dick was in a constant state of alert, half engorged and ready to spring to fullness whenever permitted, which it did as Ben dropped to his knees in front of me and began unfastening my pants. He fished my hardened cock out of my underwear, leaned over and took me into his mouth. I pushed myself back into the cushions and gripped the edge of my seat as his warm, wet mouth engulfed me. He pulled off and teased my head briefly with his lips and tongue, then reclaimed my length again, burrowing his face into my lap. Then he pulled off completely and squeezed my shaft, pressing a drop of pre-cum out from the opening of my glans. He licked at it and then slowly slid his mouth down the entire length of my shaft until the tip of my dick was pushed down into his throat. I closed my eyes tightly, willing myself not to enjoy it too much as I was certain I could blow within seconds. His throat muscles contracted repeatedly around the head of my dick, milking it gently, which caused my entire body to go rigid.

Ben released me and sat back on his heels, huffing for air. "Hey, I finally found a good use for not having a gag reflex."

I couldn't speak; I just spent the next few seconds trying to catch my breath, slow my heart rate, relax my muscles, and regain my composure. My cock, wet from his saliva, felt cool in the open air.

"You okay?" he prompted with a proud smile. "You enjoyed that, didn't you?" I could only nod in reply. "I'll give you a second to cool down and refresh your drink." He grabbed my glass and returned to the kitchen.

I sat still for a moment, dick sticking straight up from the opening in my pants, sure that I would blow my load if I made even the slightest movement.

After a brief moment, I was able to redress myself as Ben returned with my glass, some more snacks, and a half-empty bottle of whiskey.

The AFC scored a touchdown and field goal in the second quarter. I eagerly stood up and positioned myself in front of him.

"Hey, is it okay if we try something new this round?" he asked with a sheepish grin.

"Sure," I readily replied. "What do you suggest?"

"It's just that I'm certain I'll blow my load if you suck my dick again, so I thought we could switch it up a bit." I nodded my agreement. He chuckled a bit, raised his hips and pushed his shorts down his thighs, lifted his legs and pulled his shorts off completely and dropped them to the floor. He slid down on the cushions so that he was resting on his lower back, hooked his hands under his knees and pulled his legs into his chest, exposing his tight, puckered opening to me. "I took a shower before you came ... so it's all good to go," he earnestly assured me. "I mean ... if you're willing."

"Glad to," I responded as I knelt down and cupped his hips in my hands. "I took a shower, too. Just so you know."

He grinned broadly and then winked at me with both his eye and his anus.

I took a quick swig of whiskey and then inserted my face between his cheeks, lightly lapping at his puckered hole with my tongue, enjoying the slightly soapy taste and scent of his freshly washed skin. I flicked at his hole a few times with my tongue, before dragging the flat end of it up his perineum to his balls. I alternately sucked each one into my mouth, enjoying the unrestrained moans I provoked from him, before returning to his hole once again and lightly tracing its ring with the tip of my tongue. Then I lapped at his opening a few times until he shivered and pulled away.

"Holy Jesus Christ!" he declared loudly, lowering his feet to the floor and pushing himself up on the couch. "That felt so fucking goddamn good!" He grabbed my head between his hands and firmly kissed my forehead. He then quickly grabbed his drink and took a large swallow. "Ever since you did that last week, I have been dying for you to do it again!" He stared at me and shook his head. "Goddammit, you are just so fucking cool!"

I laughed aloud, gratified by his enthusiastic response while wondering to myself how I was able to elicit this kind of reaction. I had never done anything sexual with a guy before but it was as though I somehow knew exactly what to do. I surmised that sex with another guy is probably natural and easy because you can do to him exactly what you want done to you. And, yet, it could very well be that the intensity of our mutual enjoyment stemmed from the fact that we genuinely liked and enjoyed each other a lot. That sometimes can make something mundane seem extraordinary.

Ben picked his shorts up from the floor and leisurely slipped them up his legs. "Just you wait, my friend," he told me as he pulled on his shorts. "You'll soon get to see how good that is!"

"Well, I hope so," I replied.

"I hope so, too," Ben said. "Because I would love to show you just how good it is."

To my dismay, the NFC failed to score again before halftime. Ben replenished the snacks and drinks before the third quarter began. Luckily, my team had managed to score a touchdown and field goal soon enough.

Ben pulled me up from the couch and lifted my shirt up over my head and arms then quickly undid my pants as I kicked off my shoes. He pulled my pants and underwear down, dodging his head to the side in order to avoid getting poked in the eye by my erect dick. Once I was completely naked, Ben turned me around, pushed me onto the couch, knelt behind me and instructed me to bend over. I leaned forward onto the back of the couch and lowered myself to my knees as he grabbed my cheeks from behind and spread them open. He instantly set to work lightly tracing the ridge of my puckered anus with the tip of his wet tongue. "Oh, my god," I moaned, relishing the sensation.

"I know, right?" Ben agreed before quickly delving back in. I arched my back, giving him unrestricted access to my hole as he continued lapping at it with his tongue. He continued this for what seemed to be an extended amount of time. I thought at one point that I would pass out.

"Oh, my god," I whimpered again, resting my head on my hands. He spread my cheeks apart, stretching my hole open as he poked at it with his rigid tongue. I held my breath realizing that he might just be able to penetrate me with his tongue. After a brief moment, he pulled away and sat back on his haunches.

"What's the verdict?" Ben asked as I turned around and sat back on the couch. He reached for our drinks and handed me mine.

"Holy shit, that was amazing," I gushed. "I've never felt anything like it. I mean, look at this," I said, gesturing to my dick. "I'm leaking so much pre-cum." Ben leaned forward, wrapped his lips around the head of my cock and sucked at the pre-cum oozing from the slit.

When he sat back, I chuckled and gestured toward him. "You're leaking there, too, bud."

He glanced down at the wet spot on the front of his shorts. He set his glass aside, reached inside his shorts, rubbed the head of his dick with his thumb and then pulled his hand out and offered me a taste. Then he stood up and raised his shirt up over his head, tossed it away and then slipped out of his shorts. He picked up his drink and stood directly before me, completely nude with his dick half-erect, sipping his whiskey and smiling at me. For a brief moment, we just grinned at each other.

He turned around, leaned over and grabbed a handful of pretzels from the bowl on the table. "Wait a minute, what just happened?" he asked, staring at the TV screen. I peered around him to see. "Did the NFC just score again?"

Sure enough, the NFC had made another touchdown after an apparent interception, which we had completely missed but witnessed on the slow-motion replay.

Ben turned back around to me. "You want me to go again?" he asked eagerly, setting his drink down and kneeling in front of me.

"No, it's okay," I replied, slightly embarrassed. "That was definitely worth both those touchdowns. Besides, I don't know how much longer I will last. My balls are aching." I got up and fetched two glasses of water from the kitchen as the NFC managed the conversion.

The third quarter concluded without any additional scoring which allowed us both to recover a bit. We just sat there naked on the couch with semi-erections, munching on peanuts and pretzels and cheese, and contentedly sipping our drinks.
