 The three men rode along in total silence, as if they were going to the dentist. Each could not believe in a matter of minutes they would be doing the unthinkable. Holding another man's cock, taking it in their mouths, and maybe even having their butts stretched by a firm eight incher. 

It had all began innocently enough. Dan, the oldest of the group at 38, had rented some x-rated movies out of desperation when his wife attended a weekend convention. The idiotic teenager at the video store had given him one wrong title. Instead of a flick about college girls taking it up the butt, he was the proud owner of an all male movie featuring college professors seducing their own students. 

Dan threw the movie across the room when he first discovered the mistake. But, like a forbidden fruit, he kept retrieving the box cover, featuring gorgeous young men in various stages of undress.  At 3 o'clock in the morning, he woke up from uneasy dreams and decided he would watch the first scene. If he didn't get into it, there would be no reason to look at the rest.

Rather fortuitously, the initial offering was extremely hot. A middle aged handsome professor was undressed exquisitely slowly by an obviously nervous punk student. When the guy was naked except for a pair of white boxers, the shaking pupil plucked out a fat 7 incher out of the gaping fly and sucked the teacher's bone like there was no tomorrow.

As the professor on the screen neared a massive orgasm, Dan worked his own very hard cut cock out of short blue boxers. His coated his slightly curved stiff wang with some lube and masturbated furiously, trying to hold back through one hot scene after another. Almost all the guys were masculine and didn't strike Dan as looking "gay". He particularly liked the hairy men, and couldn't believe how deep they could take each others' dicks down their throats and up their willing butts.

Dan's marriage had sucked for years and was slowly getting to the point of no return. His sex life was non-existent, and he hadn't been blown for at least 6 months. Ironically, he was hornier than ever, and needed to jack off at least twice a day. He had occasional fantasies about making it with a guy, but was always too afraid to act on them. Yet somehow this expertly made seduction film convinced Dan he had to branch out a little bit.

At the small hometown university where Dan taught music, there were two other young professors he hung out with. One was about 30 and had quickly become Dan's best friend. His name was Joe and he was extremely handsome in a preppy way. Short blond hair, perfect abs, and a great personality were only some of his attributes. Dan loved being around Joe, as he had a great sense of humor and was always telling raunchy jokes. He noticed his rather impressive basket rather quickly, and soon figured out that Joe wore sleeveless A-shirts and boxer shorts just like himself, which really turned him on.

Alas, Joe's marriage was nearly as bad as Dan's. His wife was training to be a Pediatrician and went to school for long hours. The little time she was at home was consumed with homework and household chores. Their sex life was a real drag, as Joe liked oral sex but couldn't get his wife to go through with it. Even intercourse was about as exciting as a printing press going up and down, and ultimately Joe needed to jack himself furiously in the bathroom to even have a half-baked orgasm.

Joe's interest in men began in a thoroughly innocent way. He was going through an old massive Sears catalog and happened to open to several pages of every kind of men's underwear imaginable. Joe's penis lurched in his dress slacks as he took a pencil and drew long dicks sticking out of the boxer flies and imagined palming a man's stiff boner in his white briefs until he creamed them. After that point, Joe had become curious about the different kinds of men's underwear, and tried to figure out if his students and co-workers wore boxers, briefs, or no shorts at all. It was a fun game, and if the guy happened to bend over, he could check to see if his guess was right. 

Dan's other teacher friend was Carl. He was the youngest of the group at 28, a tall dark hairy guy that practically exuded sex. Carl had just gotten married but was extremely unhappy. His wife had lost interest in sex almost immediately, and was often out partying and drinking all hours of the night. When she came back totally wasted, she passed out and didn't even remember what happened the next day. 

Carl was so sex starved he had a near perpetual hard on and masturbated almost constantly as he walked down the hallowed halls of Rigsby University. He also got very interested in computer porn and spent much of his time whacking off while downloading internet movies. One time he accidently clicked on a bisexual flick about college life. Carl swore up a storm, but since he had already paid for it, he figured he would just fast forward the parts with two men. Well, the initial scene started with two randy male students undressing each other. Carl's eyes popped and his jaw slackened as the men quickly got naked and sucked on each others'pricks like a woodpecker in overdrive. After 5 minutes of frantic oral sex, one man got an 8 inch dildo and gently worked it up his buddy's asschute. Carl practically hyperventilated as he worked his throbbing organ out of his striped boxers and whacked himself off like never before. As the men on the screen spontaneously orgasmed, Carl bellowed and shot the LOAD of LOADS.  From that point, it was a simple matter to progress to gay porn, and Carl only rarely watched a man and woman screwing after a week or two.

So, there they were, three outrageously horny men driving to a motel just outside of the University. Dan had convinced his two cohorts to watch the gay porno he had accidently rented after several days of joking and innuendo. Now, he had finally gotten his way but like the others was too nervous to speak. Finally, Joe broke the ice, clearing his throat like he was about to make a graduation speech.

"Hey, Dan, can I undress you?"

Dan smiled and shifted in the front seat. "Of course, we're going to undress each other."

Carl piped up from the back. "Hey, I wanted to undress Dan."

Dan grinned a little wider. "You can both take turns undressing me, then me and Carl will undress Joe and me and Joe will undress Carl."

Joe's dick surged in his boxers at the thought of Dan undressing him, but he was concerned at the same time. 

"How far down?" Joe's voice squeaked.

"Just undershorts." Dan quickly replied. "Hope yours are clean!"

"Screw you!" Joe had an evil grin on his face. "I have great boxers."

"We'll soon find out." Carl giggled like a randy schoolboy. As Dan turned into the long Mini Motel driveway, the reality of the situation finally sunk in.

"You go in first Dan, and get the room. We'll follow in a few minutes." Joe's voice had a slight quaver to it. 

"Yeah, yeah, I know we can't be seen coming in together. You know those small town rumors." Dan managed to guffaw, trying to hide his own skittishness.

After the car was parked, Carl and Joe walked up the driveway extremely slowly. Dan had already gone ahead, and by the time his two friends entered the quiet building had the x-rated movie in the DVD player and ready to go.

Carl and Joe pretended they were visiting a friend and mounted the steps to the second floor like there was lead in their shoes. Finding the correct room, Joe knocked on the door so timidly Dan snickered from the other side. He opened the door quickly, and ushered his buddies in a small suite furnished with a king sized bed, large TV, and DVD player. Already the opening credits were playing and Dan kicked off his shoes and lay back on the bed. Joe and Carl followed suit, and the three men watched in silence as a thug type student undressed a very handsome professor. 

Dan was the first to massage his aching prick in his pants and his two friends quickly followed suit. After Dan felt all three of them were completely hard under their suit trousers, it was time to go to the next step. 

Joe and Carl watched as Dan slid off the bed and stood by the TV, where the professor had been undressed to his white boxers.

"Ok, Joe and Carl, time for the unveiling. Get over here."

His buddies got off the bed achingly slowly, taking their places on either side of Dan.

"Joe, you take off my socks, and then Carl can remove my shirt."

With shaky hands, Joe managed to wiggle off Dan's black dress socks. At the same time, Carl unbuttoned Dan's white starched shirt and slowly let the garment fall to the floor. Dan was wearing a white sleeveless undershirt, which Carl slowly pulled over his head. Then Joe reverently unbuckled a wide leather belt and slid down Dan's bulging zipper exquisitely slowly. His expensive pants slid to the ground, revealing muscular hairy legs and baby blue trim boxers with adorable little slits in the sides. Joe ran his fingers along the fabric around the slits, loving the feel of Dan's silky hair. He then fingered the mound in the left leg of Dan's boxers, causing him to grunt with pleasure.

Dan pushed Joe away from his crotch, not wanting to cum so soon. 

"Come on Carl, let's strip Joe."

The two men worked quickly to rid Joe of his striped shirt, gray slacks and silky socks. In a matter of seconds he was naked except except for a pair of green plaid full cut boxers. Joe's thin 8 incher was poking the right leg out to form a miniature pup tent. Dan just gestured to the bulge and grinned.

"Looks like this undressing is really turning you on, buddy!"

"You're not exactly soft yourself!" Joe pointed to the prominent protrusion in Dan's boxers.

"Come on, it's Carl's turn."

Dan started to unbutton Carl's white dress shirt as Joe divested him of his hunter green pants. A v-neck t-shirt was then whipped over his head, and Carl stood beet red, clad in only a very tented pair of white boxer shorts.

All three men scooted back onto the bed, their cocks bouncing in their boxers. On the screen, the professor was getting a sloppy wet blowjob from the hapless skater punk.

"Oh yeah, I love hanging out in my underwear, it feels so good." Dan was in heaven at the way things were progressing so smoothly. 

"Me too, but my wife hates it." Joe glowered.

"Don't mention wives, ruins the spell!"  Carl rubbed the front of his shorts vigorously as the professor jacked off the young thug as if his life depended on it. 

"Yeah, and I want to concentrate on bigger and better things, like this." Dan abruptly reached into the fly slit of his boxer shorts and manuevered a fat 7 inch cut cock and ample balls out of the generous hole. 

Joe's jaw dropped. "Nice dick Dan, I like the way it looks sticking out of your shorts."

"Take yours out, it's aching for some air." Dan smiled widely at his best buddy.

Joe sheepishly worked a thin very firm 8 inch cut prick out of his boxer fly, followed by enormous balls that spilled out of his underwear impressively. 

Now it was Carl's turn to whistle. "Whoo-ee Joe, that is a nice one!"

"Looks like your the odd man out." Joe pointed to the large mound in Carl's boxers.

With a shaking hand, Carl eased out the largest cock either of his friends had seen on a white man. It was easily nine inches, with a wide mushroom head and firm ballsacks just waiting to be loved.

Dan passed around some strawberry flavored lube and watched as his buddies squirted the joy juice onto their sensitive cocks. Once everyone was well lubed up, Dan started the proceedings by jacking his cement hard erection exquisitely slowly.  Carl quickly followed suit, using his thumb and index finger in a backward motion that caused him to moan in ecstasy. Joe stroked his cockhead for a bit, then increased the pace and flew over his thin dick, breathing heavily. 

For two wonderful minutes, the men jerked off vigorously watching the looks on each others' faces and their cocks getting harder and harder. Suddenly, Dan grasped Joe's dick and directed his bud's sweaty hand to his own massive cock. The two men explored every nook and cranny of their respective pricks, groaning and moaning as they discovered pleasure spots previously unknown. Carl watched in complete pleasure, increasing the pace of his own furious jacking.  

The trio were pretty much towards the brink when Dan gently pushed Joe's hand away from his cock. At the same time he let go of Joe's organ and pulled him up to a sitting position.

"W-what's wrong?" Joe didn't know what was going on.

"Nothing, get on your knees Joe, I want you to polish my rock."

"I-I don't think..." Joe started to break out in goosebumps. 

"Aw come on, it's just like licking an ice cream cone. You can do it."

Joe bent down and stared intensely at Dan's fat prick with its wonderful purple head. He got about an inch away and started to blow air on it. Dan shut his eyes and moaned softly. Then Joe stuck out his tongue and made full contact with Dan's peterhead. His moans instantly got higher in pitch.

"Oh shit, that's good, suck my cock, SUCK MY COCK!"

Joe didn't need any further urging. He closed his mouth over Dan's dickhead, goaded on by his buddy's high pitched grunts and groans. Using his tongue like a velvet buzz saw, Joe explored the sensitive underside of Dan's dick for a good minute before moving down the side of his cock to his waiting balls. Joe mashed his tongue on Dan's sacks so frantically his buddy almost lost a massive load.

"BITCH! Suck my balls! SUCK MY FUCKING BALLS!

Dan was pretty much delerious as Joe darted his tongue under his balls causing waves of pleasure throughout his crotch. Sensing that he was about to blow, Joe let Dan's stiff wang slip out of his mouth. Turning to Carl, he spontaneously swallowed his wide prickhead in one gulp. 

"JESUS!" Carl bellowed. "I can't believe you're sucking my cock!"

Joe gagged as he tried to deep throat Carl's huge tower, contenting himself to ring the head with sloppy wet tongue thrusts.

Carl let out every swear word in the book as he experienced his first blow jobs in months. Joe had turned into an expert cocksucker rather quickly, using his tongue aggressively on every square inch of Carl's endless pecker. He could tell the nine inch wonder was about to shoot, so quickly took his mouth off the massive organ. 

Dan and Carl decided it was time to return the favor, and besides, the sight of Joe's stiff cut cock and ample balls sticking out of his cute plaid boxers was too much for them. They angled themselves on either side of Joe's body and took turns diving down on his cock, thrusting 4-5 inches of delicious cockmeat into their mouths in one gulp.

"AAAIIIEE!" Joe screamed. "That feels so fucking good, so fucking good. BITCH!"

Joe expanded his vocabulary of cuss words as Carl and Dan frantically sucked his cock and balls like madmen.  

"I can't take it...." Joe was starting to lose control. I'm going to blow. I"M GOING TO POP!"

Joe was leaking copious amounts of precum as his best buddies reluctantly let their mouths slip off his quivering penis. Dan sat on the edge of the bed, gesturing to Joe and Carl to come closer.

"Guys, take turns sitting on my dick, I want to cum in your butts!" Dan's voice was a high pitched squeak at this point, and he was bathed with sweat.

Carl pushed his boxer shorts down in the back and positioned himself on Dan's lap. He guided his bud's hard prick toward his willing asterisk and pushed down gently. Dan moaned so loudly the neighbors' probably heard it, but all three men were beyond caring at this point. Carl grimaced as he gradually forced inch after inch of Dan's willing prick up his sensitive buttcheeks. There was some pain, but burning pleasure at the same time. 

Once Carl was down to the root of Dan's prick, he could feel the fabric of his boxers against his asscheeks, which really turned him on. He started to bounce up and down on Dan's dick, grunting like a sweaty pig.

"Yeah Dan, fuck my ass, FUCK MY ASS!!"

Dan could not believe the pleasures wreaking his body. Carl's butt was tighter than any pussy he'd ever had, and he was about to blow a magnificent load. Just as Dan's cock was about to let out a blob of cum, Carl let his penis slip from his ass with an audible pop.  Joe got into position and slowly lowered his virgin ass towards Dan's engorged prick.  Guiding it toward the stretched opening, Joe let out a high pitched scream as Dan's prickhead passed through his tight ring. Then he bucked up and down on his best friend's wang like a mad bronco. causing him to grunt in extreme pleasure.

"YEAH JOE, TAKE MY DICK, TAKE MY FRIGGIN' DICK!"

Joe buttcheeks ached a little, but when Dan's dick started to scrape his prostate, he couldn't hold back any longer.

"THIS IS IT, I"M CUMMING! ARGH!!

Joe's bouncing prick started to blast cum all over the place. He tightened his ass muscles, causing Dan to let out a high pitched scream and explode in the deep recesses of his buddies ass. Carl came at the same time as his hands flew over his gargantuan organ, spewing cum all over Joe's chest, Dan's face, and the satin sheets. 

For a full half minute the men moaned and grunted up a storm as they came at least 7 spurts apiece.  Finally, Joe got off of Dan's prick and collapsed onto the bed. Carl fell on top of Joe and the three men hyperventilated for a good minute before Dan managed to speak.

"T-That w-was incredible! I've never come that much in my whole life!"

"Yeah, I never thought it would be that good!" 

Joe kissed Dan, who stuck his tongue into his willing mouth.  Carl joined the group to make it a sloppy three way kiss.  Then the totally exhausted men fell asleep in each others' arms.

*******************************

The slanted early morning sun was shining through the cheap mini-blinds when Joe woke up. He gently put Dan and Carl's flaccid dicks back into their boxers before taking care of his own exposed penis. Then, he shook them awake.

"Guys, we've got to go, it's 6 o'clock."

Carl and Dan stirred reluctantly, enjoying the embrace of each other's hairy arms. 

Reality had set in as they knew it would, and the three men dressed in total silence.  Dan drove the car back, feeling like an undertaker taking a family to a funeral. At one point Joe broke into barely audible baby sobs. Dan reached his hand over the back seat to rub his co-worker's leg.

"Hey man, everything's going to be OK, you know we're best buddies after all."

"Thanks, Dan, I just didn't think...."

"None of us did. I'll never forget this night!"

"Neither will I." Carl reached over and clasped both his friends' hands. Joe managed a slight smile as the car propelled him towards his humdrum existence.  Then it rounded a curve and disappeared from view, as three sets of sweaty fingers shared an unlikely bond for the final minutes.

(Fade to black)