 Have you ever been caught masturbating? By a guy who's your fiance's grown daughter's boyfriend? Watching gay porn? Awkward. Well there I was, just about to release a pent-up load watching a video of two men fucking not knowing that 22 year-old Paul has snuck up behind me until he asks, "Dude, beating off to guy's fucking? Guys?"

I was living with my fiancé Patty, whose 23 year-old daughter Megan lived with her in the garage apartment and regularly shared adult visitations from her boyfriend Paul. Two nights before, Patty and I had broken up, called it off due to a number of compatibility problems, primarily the sexual kind. Having both been married once before, she's 47, I'm 49, we were smart enough to arrange a live-in trial run before re-hitching. Didn't fly. It came to a head (wrong word) a moment after I was happily slushing in and out of her pliant pussy, her whispering "yes . . .yes . . .yes," to speed her orgasm. Well, wanting more, wanting what I always want, I pushed my finger prepped with her juices against her asshole, suggesting in ragged voice, "How about I fuck your ass, baby? It'll be good," and I pushed in a knuckle deep.

"Not that again. Nuh uh." With which she quickly scooted back on the bed, leaving my finger and wanton dick digging desperately in cool air. Big fight, but unlike the other ones, I didn't give in, said it wasn't sick and she would be nice to think about doing this little thing for me. Turns out I really wasn't worth it to her. So she arranged for she and Megan to go visit her mother in Santa Clara for a long weekend, while I got my stuff and perv ass out of her house. Good thing I kept my condo in Thousand Oaks.

So Paul, unbeknownst to me, had decided to stay the weekend even though Megan was gone. He was staying in Megan's garage apartment behind our—I mean her mother's—house. Being a young shit, he must have come in late last night after partying and slept in until 11:15, which was when he slipped through the sliding glass door from the patio to the den and beheld me holding on to a hard dick that had needed to come since two nights ago when it was rejected from Patty's Victorian bum.

"Beating off to guys?" Paul asked. "Guys? I know Patty dumped you, but did that make you gay all of a sudden?" the young shit wanted to know. Actually, I liked Paul, we got along real well, played one-on-one hoops together in the driveway, made jokes about our respective girlfriends, we were friends from different generations with linked love interests.

My dick shrank from my fist, even as the video loop came to the cum shot where the blonde 20 year-old pulls his long dick out of buzz-cut boy's ass and dollops cum on his stomach, while buzz-cut's cock rises and falls like a metronome timing the spurts. Paul watched the man action, looked at my dick, and said "Guys?"

"Are you fucking blind? Yes, guys," I said pulling my boxers up from my ankles to hide my doubly frustrated cock. "I've been looking at gay porn for about a year now, never touched a guy, just get off on guys fucking and sucking—and cumming, really. You like porn, you've told me so. So what part do you like best?"

"Uh, hot babes for sure, nice big tits, sweet ass, with a hard cock working it," said Paul, pulling at the crotch of his baggy gym shorts, possibly to arrange some room.

"And don't you like it best when that cock spurts cum and it drips out of that ass?" I asked, looking up at him. "Isn't that cum shot the payoff?"

"Yeah. Yeah it is. But guys?"

I pointed to the screen, the loop going on. "That guy is fucking an asshole pretty similar to some babe's, and he's going to shoot a hot load—then the other guy's going to follow up and cum in a big mess all over his hand. Two cums. Two cocks. Double the payoff. Anyway, that's how I've been seeing it lately. But not enough to do anything about it. I'd rather watch and think, then fuck a nice woman—in the ass, which Patty thinks is sick. Is that sick?"

"Shit no, man, that's a sign of a good healthy sex drive, or I'm gay," said Paul, giving his dick a rub through his shorts. "Megan doesn't go for anal either. Her Mom must have got hold of her early, because she won't take this thing in her ass, not even a finger." Again he squeezed his thing, which was shape-shifting in his shorts.

"You really like that thing, don't you," I said. Was he setting me up? I know I wouldn't be touching my cock around a guy I saw beating off to gay porn unless I was interested in the topic. And he must have been.

He pulled his hand away. "Hey, you ever do anything gay?"

"Nope. Well, not on purpose. When I was 13, I was hanging out with a guy who was two years older and we were talking about sex. He said he'd show me how to fuck, and like a dumb ass 13-year-old, I let him talk me into taking off my pants, laying face down in the grass, and letting him fuck my ass cheeks. He spit in my crack several times and really got going, finally pushing his thin dick into my asshole and corn holing me for another minute until he pulled out and came in my crack. I remember walking home with his sticky cum churning between my cheeks. Not a bad memory, actually. One I've pulled up a few times now that I'm a 49-year-old dumb ass."

Paul said "wow," whether to the thought of sperm in my cheeks or buzz-cut boy on the video geysering cum all over his pink cock and hand. "That is kind of hot, actually. I had a gay roommate my freshman year in college, but we never did anything—not that he didn't want to a few times. He breathed his come breath on me sometimes right after he would suck off some stud down the hall. Turned me on, once or twice."

"Well, now you know: I beat off to guy's fucking—and to women, too. And I admit that I wouldn't mind seeing what it was like to suck a dick and have a guy come in my mouth once," I said. I nodded to the laptop screen where the blonde was once again about to gleefully sperm his pal's belly. "And I would like to see how a cock feels in my ass, too. I mean I've been with two different women who love it, more than regular fucking. They have heavy orgasms from a dick in their ass. Why shouldn't it feel good to me, too? Well, that's the new me. I'm tired of the old me, not doing what I really want. The new me is up for fucking fun. If I want to try it, I will. You know, guys younger than me keel over with heart attacks everyday. Better act while I can."

Paul, a tall handsome fellow who shared the name of the 15-year-old who butt fucked me 36 years ago (but I wasn't about to tell him that) had a hand full of his dick, which he had pulled out of the leg of his shorts. He bent down to my ear and said, "Want to suck this one? I'm thinking I'd like that," then he slipped his tongue in my ear for a couple of light jabs and sucked my ear lobe before standing up straight and presenting his hard meat to my face.

I looked up and said, "Hang on there, studly. I'm not going to give you an opportunity to tell my Ex that I wanted to suck your cock, and have that tune played all over town. I was in here minding my own business until you came in."

"No, no. I know that. I'm being straight up with you. Look here," and with that, Paul bent way down, pulled my half-hard dick through the slit of my boxers and sucked it into his mouth. He went up and down on the growing shaft about 10 times, then backed off, jacking me slowly with his hand, accenting the down stroke when my foreskin pulled back and my dick head poked out. He licked it with heavy swipes, like he wanted to be cleaning something off it.

"Suck my dick," said Paul, continuing to squeeze my cock and work it up and down in the tender/rough manner that I suppose most guys like: it's how I liked to stroke myself slowly before really hammering away for the goodies. "I want you to finger my ass before I shoot off, okay. That's another thing Megan won't do. How about it Rob? You up for that kind of fucking fun?"

I reached in his drawers and clutched his balls, then circled my thumb and fingers right above them and gently pulled down, stretching his sack and balls away from his cock. "That's a yes," I told him. "I really like my nipples to be squeezed and played with—something else Patty thinks is weird." Paul nodded and said no problem, reaching my left nipple to give it an introductory tweak. It hardened, I love it. "And the tongue in the ear, that's okay, that's nice," I said. "Kissing, I'm not sure how that will go. Know what I mean?"

"Sounds like a plan," said Paul. He pulled his shorts down and his tee-shirt off. He had a nice body, better than mine, of course, but I'm not bad either, no pot belly or old-man let downs yet. I continued pulling on his balls, with a little more tension. He liked that.

"I've never done this, so you let me know if my teeth are tearing you up or anything like that," I said. Instead of nodding, he moveded his cock up and down, brushing my lips. He had about seven inches, and a nice thickness—again, about like me. We were a hell of a pair. Cock sucking novices. Might as well have been summer camp.

I mouthed his cock head and licked it while slobbering on it a little, then pulled back to inspect my work. His mushroom cap was glistening, his rod twitching and couldn't possibly get any harder. I went down on him again, hollowing my mouth and pulling in my cheeks to cover my teeth, creating a fleshy sluice for his dick, just like my better cock-sucking girlfriends have done. I bobbed, I sucked hard on the up stroke, which I love and many women don't seem to know how to do. He moaned. I pulled on his balls with one hand and fed his cock into my mouth with the other. He started humping into my mouth a little, not to force, but to encourage. I took him deeper, salivating more with the natural lube dripping onto my lap (I was still sitting in the swiveled desk chair). He reached down and rubbed his thumb over my right nipple, like he was trying to ignite a cigarette lighter. I took him into my throat just a bit on the next bob, surprising us both.

Paul was moaning like I would have been, and when I cupped his balls while my middle finger found and teased his anus with feints of penetration, he groaned like a man about to lose a big bet or blow a big load. I pulled off his cock, without thinking stuck my assed-up middle finger into my mouth to coat it with saliva—had no discernable nasty taste, only a sense of some new element—eased it back in his ass up half way. While slowly finger fucking him I said, "I've changed my mind."

"Yeah? Well I haven't," and Paul tried to find my mouth with his dick again. I let him back in and he moaned again, then I came back off. "I want you to fuck me first. You're a young guy, I bet you can come again after you get off fucking me."

"Damn," he said, slipping his dick back into my not unwilling mouth. Sucking dick was better than I had hoped. "Only because I think it will be even better. Get on your stomach on that futon, Bobby."

"Hey, that's what I was called when I was a boy," I protested, as I withdrew my finger, licked his dick, then rose to get on the futon.

"Yeah, like when you were 13, right?"

"Right. Oh boy, I'm going to get taught how to fuck again."

Paul got me on my hands and knees and used my beat-off lube to finger-loosen my asshole. God it felt great. First one finger, then after it felt like it belonged there, two together. While he was double digiting me, he came up to my ear and tongued it with lots of wetness. I got goose bumps; he fingered me harder. I wanted more.

He whispered into my ear, sensitized and dampened, "Now I'm going to fuck your hot ass, Bobby. I'm going to cum and cum a lot, because you want it, don't you?"

Before I could pant a dazed affirmative, he rubbed my chest with his idle left hand, pinching and pulling on my left nipple with electric results. "OOoohh! Ohhoo, yeah. Pinch harder, a little harder. Fuck my ass."

And he did. He withdrew his fingers and I loosened my ass hole in anticipation of what was to come, because I could hear him lewdly lubing up his dick. He told me his cock was going to be the best thing I'd ever had, just what you'd expect from a cocky 22-year-old. He grabbed my hips, I pushed back slowly until we made contact, he steadied his rod with one hand and pushed in through my sphincter. "Aahhh," I said quietly, because Ouch! would have been wimpy. He was slow, only the tapered part of his head in, stopping at the thicker flare.

"You tell me when you want more of my dick, Bobby. I can go slow and your ass feels nice and hot and tight, tight, tight."

"A little at a time, a little, at, a time." He did just that, freeing some of my tensing muscles by pinching and rubbing both of my nipples. I'm gay, I'm gay, I thought. Then as he pushed a couple of inches of cock into my rectum, I thought about how nice it would be to be pushing my cock into Patty's asshole. Bi, gay, what the fuck. Taking Paul's dick was all I could handle at the moment. He pulled back and as he began to slowly reload I pushed my ass back and flexed it open more His dick went all the way in. We both moaned in thanks.

First he slipped into my ass and eased out. Then he was pushing in and pulling out. Then he was thrusting in and out, in and out. Oh damn it was great. My anal canal was radiating sexual pleasure as it loosened to Paul's invading cock. I felt an entirely new sensation when I knew that my asshole was going orgasmic from the internal friction. A man's cock was thrusting in my ass, and I wanted it to cum even as I wanted it to keep fucking my hole. I was surprised when he suddenly pulled out all together. My asshole clenched reflexively.

"Lay flat," he said and gently teased my distended anus with a finger as I did so. Flat on my stomach, legs spread, I pulled my ass checks open for his easier entry. He did not hesitate, filling me up and taking away most of my breath with a more intense rush of anal pleasure than I could have never imagined from watching a fuck video. He reamed me—I asked him too, encouraged him to fuck me royally. I snaked my hand under my crotch and caught his swinging balls. I held them, his sack stretching until my fingertips could barely hang on as he pulled his cock head all the way to my rim, his balls then pressing snuggly into my palm as he fucked all the way into me.

"Now, Bobby! Now! I'm cumming, you hot fuck, I'm cumming in your ass!" He moaned and grunted and said some other stuff, but I wasn't listening.

Liquid fireworks went off in my ass, a hot shot at the bottom, one at the top, then he pulled out again, sticking his spurting cock between my fucked cheeks and pumping "Uh" after "Uh" of hot cum into my glowing crevice. He spurted eight times, his cum soothing with heat and sticky richness. Some of it dripped into my open asshole, some of it tickled its slimy way down my balls, most of it trapped in my buns. He churned it around, and when he had his cock coated with the luscious spunk, he climbed off of me and stooped down by my head. My face was plastered to the futon, turned away from him. He whispered in my ear, "turn your head this way, Bobby, and lick up my sperm for a nice taste. I made it just for you."

I turned my head, and grinned at the cum-laden dick in front of my face, the head a proud red, the translucent thick sperm about to drip off. I took most of it in my mouth and hummed a heartfelt mmmm,mmmm. Then I slurped his rod clean and swallowed my prize. "Thanks," I said.

"Nice fuck, Bobby. Fucking fun, a nice tight ass fuck."

"Yeah. You're going to love it. You're going to love it," I repeated. I rolled onto my side and my dick boinged up like it was spring-loaded. "This is going in your ass now. You deserve it."

He protested, begging off for a moment to catch his breath and get over his immediate post-cum libido crash. I gave him a few minutes, then I went to work with his blessing. I put him on his back and sucked his balls, his cock, and tongued his ass. I moved up to leisurely lick his ear every now and then and pinched a nipple, which didn't have the same effect on him as it had on me. I went back to the ear, jacked his cock, stuck two fingers in his mouth, which he salivated on for his coming pleasure. I pushed them in his ass, first one for a while, then both, as I sucked him close to orgasm. And when I figured he was ready, I lubed up my cock and returned his favor.

He was well into loving my cock all the way in his hole, spreading his legs and pulling his knees up to his chest for more and more when I pulled out and bent down to suck his cock. I went at it with maximum suction, like I would draw his cum out whether he was willing or not. And when he was ready to shoot, I stopped, and teased his hole with my cock. Repeating this a couple of times had us both crazy, and I finished my fuck with huge thrusts, shot a round into his depths then pulled out and covered his cock and balls with more cum than I shot in my last three orgasms combined. His dick was a rigid pole coated with an icing of sperm, his pubes trapping pearly goops of cum. He was still grasping his knees and panting when I went down on his slick cock. I pushed a finger half-way into his rectum and left it there, his hole clenching tighter around it. I left it there as a pacifier of sorts, thinking he couldn't take much more stimulus at the moment. Then I hollowed my cheeks and sucked and bobbed for all I was worth. It didn't take long. He was bucking his dick into my mouth and rasping, "Oh, oh, ohohohohooooo." Now I went all the way down and jammed him deeper into my throat than ever. I started my finger up in his ass like a jackhammer, adding a second to the first. As I pulled up with tight-lipped suction, he fired warm bleachy jism into my hungry mouth. I never took my mouth off his cock, but kept slowly sucking up and down as he gave me more and more sperm, which I gladly took and swallowed. When he stopped, I pulled off his spent dick and let the last mouthful drool off my worn out mouth and back onto his cock. My mouth was red and tender from unaccustomed friction, my eyes watering from overriding the gag reflex, my tongue thickened with his delicious cum, an escaping strand dripping off my lower lip.

We panted for a few minutes. I threw his tee-shirt on the futon and sat on it next to him, his legs still pulled up to his head, his fucked ass hole trying to relax back to normal. His previous cum was sticking my ass to the tee-shirt. "I kind of liked that. How about you, Paul?"

He hesitated for a moment. "Beating off to guys, Dude? Guys?" he asked, playing back his earlier comment. "What were you thinking? It's much better to just fuck them, I'd say." And he let his legs fall over my lap.