 Hey everyone!!! Sorry for not posting for a long time. I meant to write a lot more but my bosses decided that overtime is actually a good thing. 

First of all, I need to say thank you to Drenkara for helping straighten out what I wanted to do with this story. It's too bad that life had to get busy before I finished, but thank you for your help. Next, thank you to both blackstallion21 and Cruel2BKind for editing my story. I hadn't even been expecting you guys to accept, since I haven't had much luck with editors, however, I am thankful to you both. You both truly whipped me into shape with your editing. 

Also, I would like to give a huge thanks to nomoretears00 for being my test reader. Your input was truly appreciated. Also thank you for your support during that scary time. :)

Finally, thank you to all of those who sent me email or commented on my stories, especially recently when a lot of.....weird comments showed up on one of my stories. 

Please do continue to vote and comment on my stories. I love hearing you feedback.

Love Always,

CassieJo <3 

~~~

Sydney:

On this planet there exists, or more accurately used to exist, two worlds: the Seen and the Unseen.

The world which is seen is the human world; the world in which its inhabitants travel in broad daylight and have an expiration date.

On the other hand, there is the world that is Unseen. This is the world of supernatural beings, such as vampires, werewolves, and the other 'mythical' creatures; the world of the immortals.

However, within the last two hundred years, a third world has emerged.

This is the world in which I live.

It is a secret and hidden world. If anyone was to find out that I still live, well, let's just say that it would not be pretty.

The Seen world can be broken down further into the Knowing and the Unknowing. Those who know that the Unseens exist are the Knowing. Those who don't know about the immortal creatures are the Unknowing.

Some of the Knowing are uncomfortable in the knowledge that there is something out there that is stronger, faster, and smarter than they. They are not comfortable with the idea that they are not the hunters.

Instead, they are the prey.

Of course, among those who are uncomfortable with the Unseen are those who have lost loved ones to them. Mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, spouses, children and others have been slaughtered before their eyes.

The Knowing have formed a secret alliance. They've agreed to share money, weaponry, and manpower in order to destroy the Unseen.

~~~

Due to various circumstances I work for the American West Coast branch of 'Let All Be Seen.' They use the cover of a modeling agency to send their agents along the west coast, or all over the world if requested, to exterminate the Unseen.

My cover within the agency is that of a model. I just turned 18 years old last week. At 5'9" some may think that I am a little short, however, what I lack in height I make up for in looks. At least, that's what others say.

I have light brown hair with natural streaks of blond, dark brown, and almost black hair. My eyes are an odd mixture of colors too. They are a medium brown with specks of green and blue.

"Sydney, have you heard about the talks?" my agent Carlos asked. 

He started being my agent one year after I first started the agency. Or more accurately, after I punched my first four agents out.

I feel that I had a reason. You don't grope someone underage or stronger than you. Apparently none of them knew that.

"What talks?" I asked.

"I guess that some of the Unseen want to discuss the possibility of a peace treaty with us," Carlos said shaking his head.

He lost his wife and two year old daughter to a rogue vampire four years ago. Which was the reason that he joined 'Let all be Seen.'

"Peace isn't a bad thing, Carlos. We should give it a chance. I mean for goodness sakes, we are already working alongside some vampires and werewolves!"

Besides being a model I am also the leader of the Special Division of 'Let All Be Seen.'

Some vampires and werewolves are not happy that they had no choice in their change. Some humans were bitten and left to die a slow and painful death. Somehow, some of these humans survive the change and are not blood crazed uncontrollable demons.

They managed to keep ahold of most of their human characteristics. When they woke up after the change they felt deep hatred towards the species that forcibly changed their entire way of life. They are called the Revealed. Many of them wish to destroy the Unseen by exposing them to the public; one way of doing this is by joining 'Let All Be Seen.'

So basically, I am the leader of a bunch of vampires and werewolves.

To be honest, I started Special Division; only a few of the old geezers that ran the agency thought that it would be a good idea.

Many of them thought that any vampires and werewolves we took in would join just to get a free shot at harming the agency.

However, with 'special backing' Special Division was created. In two years Special Division has gotten more done than all of the other divisions put together.

"But Sydney, the Unseen that work for us have taken a vow! They drink the blood that we provide and hunt only animals," Carlos answered as two figures walked up to us after coming out of a nearby doorway.

"Are you two talking about the peace talks?" a tall black man with bright blue eyes asked.

"Oh hey, Taío. Yeah, I was telling Carlos that we should give peace a chance."

"If they apologize for ruining so many lives I guess we could give it a try..," a tall broad Norwegian with bright green eyes responded.

"Well, well, at least we know how the puppy feels," Taío snorted out.

"Yeah, this 'puppy' could kick your ass anytime and is far more intelligent than you could ever hope to be," Jírka growled out.

"Why are my two 'mature' captains behaving like overgrown children?" I made sure that my voice was dripping with menace. There is no way that my youthfully high voice would ever make someone obey me. But, I have my methods.

"Ummm...."

"Oh, I get it. You two were setting an example for the rest of the men on how to NOT behave, right?"

"YES!!" was the unison reply. As if to emphasize the reply, Taío threw his arm around Jírka, who cringed but still smiled. 

"Good, then you both would LOVE to show the men what happens if they fight, wouldn't you?"

"Yes, Sir," was the less-than enthusiastic answer.

I took a step forward and gave them my coldest stare, "What? I couldn't hear you."

"We would love to show the men what happens when they fight!" Jírka yelped out.

"Well then," I said after they continued to stand around, "start!"

With that they took off.

"What exactly do they have to do now?" Carlos asked. I turned around and smirked. It made Carlos shiver.

"It's not too bad. All that they have to do is go to Victoria's Secret, get some things, and come back. Very easy."

"Is that all?"

"Well, they do have to stay together the entire time and hold hands."

"You are an evil little thing, you know that. Also, that's sort of an odd form of punishment is you ask me," Carlos said shaking his head. 

"It's meant to be a punishment and training session in one." I replied thoughtfully. "It will build trust because if one person lets go, both of them are punished."

Carlos just shook his head and laughed at me. I started laughing right alongside him until I saw one of the people that make my stomach churn.

'I really wish I didn't wear such tight clothes today," I thought to myself. As part of my modeling I usually had to wear designer brands. As a result, today I was wearing crimson colored skin-tight leather jeans and a sheer black long sleeved top.

I loved getting to wear all of the latest clothes. They always made me feel hot and sexy. It was too bad that the man coming down the hall thought so too. Although to be fair, he would rather see me without them. Roberto strode up to Carlos and me like he was the hottest man on the planet....which he wasn't.

His greasy black hair was slicked back so that it honestly looked like his hair was part of his skull.

Roberto stood at about 6'0" and never stopped reminding me that he was taller than me.

His emotionless, dull grey eyes seemed like they were undressing me where I stood.

Roberto liked to pretend that he was a full blooded romantic French man. This was even though he was 1/36 French at best. 

He has a thing for me.

It was actually because of this 'thing' that I was here at the moment. Well that, the fact that he kidnapped two of my best friends, and the fact that his father is one of the geezers that run this stupid agency.

"I'm sure that you have heard about the upcoming talks, right, Sy?" Roberto asked me while shooing Carlos away.

I almost said, 'Well, duh, you idiot,' but bit my tongue. "Yeah, so what?"

"Well, my dad felt that it would be important for me to be there."

"Okay, what does this have to do with me?"

My dad didn't think that someone as important as me should be without a bodyguard. He felt that seeing that we are going to someday be married; you could be the one 'protecting' me."

He had somehow gotten his arms around me while he was talking and pulled me closer to him.

He backed me up to the nearest wall and put his thigh between my legs.

Then he pushed his crotch into my taut stomach and started grinding on me.

Roberto also started to move his leg up and down on my own crotch trying to arouse me. At the same time he bent down towards me, brought his lips to mine, and moved his hands down my back to the curve of my ass.

He proceeded to squeeze and grope me while assaulting my mouth with his tongue.

"One quick cut is all that it would take to rid myself of this annoying man," I thought to myself. But then I remembered that Tommy and Davis would be harmed if I did anything against Roberto or his father.

So I just stood there like a statue and trying to make sure that my reaction to his actions could not be seen.

This was because on the inside, I was already trying to figure out how many times I would have to brush my teeth to rid myself of his taste. I was also wondering how many scorching showers it would take to make me not want to throw up.

The lust that showed in his eyes when he pulled off my face made it almost impossible for me to not throw up on him.

"Someday this ass," he said grabbing my butt with bruising force, "will be mine."

"Goodbye, sweet ass. My father will be by later to make you being my personal fuck toy, no, I mean, bodyguard official." Roberto shoved his tongue into my mouth one last time before strutting off.

It had taken an act of God to not bite off his tongue when he had kissed me again.

'God, I hate that man!" I screamed inside my head.

I ran back to my room and took two burning showers and emptied one full tube of toothpaste before I felt even a little bit better.

I then went to the gym to work off some of the stress that had built up inside me.

After about 30 minutes some of the men from Special Division started filtering in. Like me, they didn't really need to work out, but it was sort of a habit from when they were human.

The change that vampires and werewolves go through ensures that they are able to be the best predators possible. This means that a man, who was obese as a human, could become a 200 pound broad, muscled werewolf, or a 180 pound well-muscled, sleek vampire. 

The change enhances the best features that the person had while removing all of the undesirable features, such as a bump on a nose, acne, scars, and fat.

These factors typically added up to make fucking hot people. The women are gorgeous when they survive the change. However, only one female out of every 100 bitten actually survives. This means that the vampire and werewolves are male dominated in terms of the gender ratio.

I was pulled out of my thoughts by two of my men coming up to me.

"Hey, Sydney, didn't expect to see you 'til later." Barry, one of my top vampires, said.

"Well hell, you don't see me complaining." Larry, one of my top werewolves, countered with his green eyes flashing.

It irritated these two to no end how alike their names and personalities were.

Actually, because of how close their personalities were, they competed over everything.

These competitions ranged from seeing who was faster, to seeing who was hotter, to who could win at Monopoly.

"I just felt like working out a little early," I replied. "Have either of you seen Taío or Jírka, yet?"

".......No.." Larry finally answered.

"Why?" Barry's bright blue eyes betrayed his fear.

"I sent them on an..... errand almost a hour ago." I let my smile show my amusement. "I would think that they should be back soon."

As if they were cued in Taío and Jírka walked into the gym, hand in hand, faces bright red, and each holding a pink Victoria's Secret bag.

"Gentlemen, gather around please," I shouted once all of the men in Special Division had gathered.

"Your captains have generously volunteered to show you all what will happen if you start fighting amongst yourselves."

All of the men turned to regard their captains. I saw a shudder run through the group of 28 grown men in front of me.

"If you don't want to suffer the same fate, or worse, then I suggest that you get along with one another."

I continued, "It isn't because of genetics that vampires and werewolves hate each other. It's because they see the other as a rival. You are a team. You CAN be competitive, but don't let it disrupt your ability to perform. Got it?"

A resounding answer of, "Yes, sir!" made me smile.

"Okay, today is obstacle course day! Everyone head towards the training room."

As part of my duties as leader of Special Division I had to train the men to not tear each other apart and to use their abilities to their fullest potential.

Many of the humans in 'Let All Be Seen' could not figure out how I, a guy who was pretty lithe and not too tall, could train 30 full grown werewolves and vampires.

Most of my men had actually felt the same way until I cleaned the floors with their bodies.

I haven't told them what I actually am, yet. Many of them just think that I am ridiculously smart and can read their movements; which is a part of it.

I think that both Taío and Jírka know what I am. While fighting them to prove that I was worth commanding them I slipped up.

Both of them were excellent fighters and because of that I had to focus on the fight.

If wasn't until the end of both fights that I realized I had messed up. I had let one of my eyes turn bright blue and the other turn green.

They never really asked and I never really told, but they still most likely guessed.

After we finished with the obstacle course I told the guys to stay out of trouble and then I went down to the dungeons. 

Snarls and hisses greeted my arrival.

"Cut it out you guys, it is Sydney," a tall, sleek, red haired man with blue eyes called out. This only made the hissing stop, but the growls continued.

"What do you not understand about the fact that it is Sydney?!" shouted a heavily muscled Asian man with glowing green eyes.

"Have they fed you guys yet today?" I was concerned with how hollowed some of their cheeks looked until I realized that I had never seen some of the men before.

"They're from the agency's southern branch," the red- head, Conor, answered my unspoken question.

Some of the new starved men lunged at me and tried grabbing at me through the reinforced steel and lead bars.

They flew away from the bars when the lead coating started burning their hands and exposed arms.

Silver doesn't do a thing to vampires or werewolves. The only reason that that stupid idea ever came about was because one time a man shot a silver bullet covered in lead paint through a vampire's heart and a werewolf's heart.

"Hey, knock it off you newbies!" shouted the buff Asian werewolf, Muqali. "Sydney is okay."

Ignoring the low warning growls and hisses I turned to the green eyed side of the room. "Beef or lamb?" I thought that it was a simple question to answer.

However, when blank stares and questioning looks were turned my way, I decided to rephrase my question.

"Would you like to eat beef or would you like to eat lamb meat? Sorry, but I don't think that human flesh is on the menu."

A few hesitant answers of "Raw beef would be fine," came from the new arrivals.

I then turned to the blue eyed side of the room. "Is animal blood okay?"

"Do we have a choice?"

I put my hands on my hips, "Well, of course you have a choice. You can either starve yourselves and die, which would make the leaders of this agency happy, or you can drink the animal blood and survive. The second option would piss off the old geezers the most."

The entire dungeon went silent at the menace my voice contained. A few of the vampires had lowered their heads while only one or two remained looking me straight in the eyes.

"Okie dokie then, animal blood it is."

I put in a call to Taío for the food for the prisoners and walked further into the dungeon. I kept walking until I reached the back of the dark dungeon and stood in front of the lead coated steel door.

I picked up the phone on the wall and told the person who answered that I was here for my 'weekly visit.'

The door was unlocked and I walked inside. This insolated cell was even worse than the rest of the dungeon. It was much colder and slightly damp.

My eyes filled up with tears at the sight of the two bundles of flesh on the ground. Two pairs of light brown eyes looked up at the sound of the door opening.

"Hey, Sydney;" the smaller figure choked out. "It's good to see you." 

The bigger figure started sitting up straighter, blond hair spilling out from the grey hooded cloak that tried to cover its 6'2" frame.

I saw the bigger figure start to sway and rushed forward to catch it. 

"Hey, be careful Tommy. I don't want to have to worry about you getting a concussion too."

"Don't worry about me, Sydney," Tommy said grabbing onto me. "How have you been? You have let that skank ball touch you haven't you?"

"Yeah, it would be bad if you let that diseased rodent touch you," Davis, the smaller bundle, added. He too sat up. As he did so the hood on his cloak fell back revealing short jet black hair while also uncovering much of his 5'11" frame.

"No, I'm still a virgin," I laughed at their doubting looks. "What, do you want to check and see for yourselves?"

"As tempting as that sounds," Davis started.

"We would like to see what you have in that cute little basket that you are carrying. We can get on to the checking part later," Tommy added.

I opened up the basket that I had disguised as a simple coat. I pulled out two long thick wool coats, four bottles of vitamins, fourteen individually wrapped beef and lamb sandwiches, water bottles, a small bottle of bleach, three fresh burgers and fries, and numerous V8 tomato juice cans.

It was a BIG basket.

I made them put on the new coats as I went around with the bleach and sprayed all of the walls and corners.

I then removed my layer of hollowed out stones and proceeded to put the wrapped sandwiches, water bottles, and most of the tomato juices in the extra space.

I sat down with Tommy and Davis and ate with them while still managing to pass most of my food to them. I dropped a vitamin into each of their tomato juices and they drank them greedily.

"I guess that there are going to be peace talks soon between the Unseen and some of the hunter agencies."

"Yeah, we have heard a little bit about them."

Crap, now this was the part that I really wished I didn't have to say but knew that they would have been able to see straight through me if I didn't.
