 None of the characters in this story are under the age of 18! Far from it! I suppose it could have been posted in "Mature" or "BDSM" but the dominant theme is m/m. The names have been changed to protect the guilty except for the characters who don't really exist. The men in this story are risking their health and their marriages; the ones that are married that is. The locations of this story are entirely fictional except for actually starting on a golf course. Every one of my stories is based on at least one kernel of truth and then I just let the characters take over. In this case "Mary Beth" has helped "Joe" with his slice and his handicap has dropped three strokes so far!

*****

I retired two summers ago. For the first time in about forty years my wife and I were free to do anything or go anywhere we wanted. We spent the fall catching up on chores around the house and then entertained family at the holidays but our ultimate goal was to move permanently to North Carolina. Our friends and family teased us about becoming "soft snow birds" but I'm sure most of them were jealous.

The community we chose was not the most expensive or exclusive but they did offer comfortable, semi spacious apartments and a variety of activities for singles and couples and most importantly, for me anyway, golf. My wife Sharon does not play; she seems to have no interest and I don't encourage her. A guy needs to get away from his wife once in a while after all!

I am not gay. I know; lots of guys start their stories like that. I do freely admit to being "bi" in the sense that I have developed a desire to be a cock sucker. So, just what's the difference you ask? I am not trying to develop a relationship other than being a cock sucker! I'm not interested in a lifestyle change just giving a guy something he can't get at home. And well, not really freely but at least here on Lit. because some of you might like to know how I came to satisfy the "gay" half of my bisexual side. You see, besides one or two encounters in college and another in the Army I've been straight, at least physically since I married Sharon. Mentally I've been cruising gay web sites since I got my first computer over twenty years ago.

I can't even begin to even estimate how many "first time stories" I've read. Guys meeting on business trips, in bars, at adult book stores, at the gym, you name it and odds are I've read it and quite often ended up with a "happy ending." Those "first time" fantasies and my second favorite, reading and writing CFNM stories have composed the majority of my sex life ever since Sharon started going through her "change of life" problems. Her problems became my problem and my interest in oral sex with a man kicked into a higher gear.

The problem, of course, as those of you who are still married can attest is two fold; safety and security. Safety speaks for itself; a guy who is disease free and discrete. Security means free to engage without fear of discovery; code word being "host." Either I have a place or you have one where we won't be bothered. The stories about truck stops, book stores, restrooms, parks or any place that is not one hundred percent secure are exciting to read but insane in practice.

So, all that as prelude gets me to the point. The plan I came up with to meet like minded guys! It was simple really, an ad on Craigslist! But not the usual description and offer and demand for pictures or your response will be deleted kind of ad. My ad was a statement of fact and an invitation to learn more!

"I suck at golf! 60+ MWM. Reply for details."

If you were in North Carolina in late April and you saw this ad and responded this is what you would have learned:

"Hi! Thanks for responding. I don't post pictures and don't expect you to. I don't really suck at golf either but I'd like to after a round if we can work out the details. I will be on the putting green at _________ (there were about fifty courses that had reciprocal agreements with my home course so over time I'd visit multiple courses). I will be wearing a pink CSU hat and shirt and practicing with pink balls. If you don't like what you see just ignore me and go about your business. If you want to introduce yourself start practicing with a pair of blue balls. If I like what I see I'll say, "It must be uncomfortable playing with blue balls." You reply, "It's my wife's fault!" We'll both know what we expect and we can sort out the details from there."

I thought my plan was ingenious. First, there was plausible deniability. Second, I'd be meeting prospective partners in a very public place. Third, either one of us could back out at any step along the way. It was perfect! And it did work perfectly. Not every time of course, but it did work! At first the problem was a lack of place but that problem was solved eventually when I met "Henry" (all names are fictional and don't represent any real person, yada yada yada...). Henry is a widower and after the second time I sucked him off he offered to let me bring guys who couldn't host back to his place with one condition: bring a six pack of beer. I was determined that Henry would never run out of beer and besides, that meant that I could look forward to a "twofer" with every hookup that didn't have his own place!

At other times things just fell through. Some guys just weren't comfortable going to a strange guy's house with someone they'd just met for a BJ. I always respected their decision because, well, Henry was just a six pack away!

By the end of May I was taking guys to Henry's place about twice a week; more if I was lucky. Henry was the perfect host. He would let us use his bedroom if my newbie was shy but if he was game Henry would join in. Henry was truly versatile. I experienced my first man to man kiss over the tip of another guys cock! Joe was going nuts at having two guys sucking him at the same time and eventually Henry's tongue just met mine. Henry grabbed my cock and I grabbed his and we just went to town on the other guys cock. He must have liked it because he got weak in the knees and kept groaning until he spilled his seed. 

Sometimes I would suggest a quick nine holes to get to know each other better; after all, you get to know a guy's character on the golf course. If he plays by the rules on the golf course you can almost bet that he will honor any limits that you might set. But, you might say; he's cheating on his wife. That's true, but if you know why you can establish an alternate form of morality. Hasn't she broken the agreement by withholding sex? Ok, that's a rationalization but my best source of partners, better than divorced and widowed men, is men living in a sexless relationship. Those divorced and widowed guys are gobbled up by widows who have suddenly discovered that there still is call for what nature gave them. 

The first week of June things took an interesting turn. I had just met a new prospect; let's call him "Sam." A guy that I'd blown at Henry's the previous week approached; in fact that was "Joe." Sam didn't see Joe but Joe could see that I was in the middle of meeting Sam for the first time. Gentleman that he is Joe gave me a knowing look but then backed off and gave us some space. Sam and I talked for a few minutes and decided to play a quick nine. At the starters shed we were told that because of how busy it was we would be paired up with one or two other golfers. Joe was right behind us so the starter introduced us and sent us to the first tee. We engaged in the usual small talk while we waited for the three foursomes ahead of us to tee off.

I was a little uncomfortable because even though I knew that Sam and Joe both knew and Joe knew that Sam knew too but Joe didn't know if Sam knew what Joe knew too and I wasn't sure if Joe would mess things up with Sam. At least I think that was my concern. Things didn't really start to get complicated until just before our turn to tee off. The starter arrived with a woman in a golf cart. She was seventy if she was a day. 

"Gentlemen, this is Mrs. Cohan, she'll be your fourth this morning!"

"Good Morning, boys!" She greeted us pleasantly with a hint of an Irish brogue; I'll be sixty-nine myself in three months so being called a "boy" seems a little incongruous. "It's a fine day for golf and I own this lovely cart which I don't mind sharing if one of you would care to join me."

"That's kind of you, ma'am!" Joe said as he tipped his cap. "I don't mind if I do."

"Then you'll be calling me Mary Beth," she said as she smiled sweetly, "I prefer not to be so formal on the golf course, you don't mind do you?"

"Of course not, ma'am, I mean, Mary Beth." Joe answered. "My name is Joseph, but everyone calls me Joe. These chaps are Fred and Sam. I've only just met them myself." Joe winked conspiratorially at me as Sam shook Mary Beth's hand.

"Pleased to make your acquaintance, Mary Beth." I said as I tipped my cap.

Mary Beth was the last to tee off. She was the picture of refinement as she addressed the ball. Her skirt went half way from her knee to her ankle and her opaque stockings covered her legs. Her blouse was light weight but long-sleeved. Her straw hat was better designed for gardening than golf. The entire outfit was white except for a navy blue ribbon that gathered the blouse at her throat, a navy blue belt and the navy blue "saddle" of her golf shoes. She was all of ninety pounds, maybe. Her drive split the middle of the fairway and traveled about a hundred and fifty yards. Her next two shots were equally non-descript but she was on the green in three and two putted for a bogey! The rest of the round was like that. We out drove her, she out played us. Watching her play was a lesson in course management.

On the ninth tee she suggested a friendly wager. Loser buys a round of beer. As it happens the ninth is a short par three but it's not as easy as it looks. It has a kidney shaped green that has two target areas. The closer of the two is in front on the left and the other bigger area is in back on the right. There is a small sand trap by the right middle of the green and a creek that guards the entire front of the green. There is a very deep sand trap that is hidden behind the entire back side of the green. Mary Beth's drive seemed to be guided by GPS! It landed about six feet on the lower left front and rolled towards the back of the green curling to the right and stopping about six feet from the pin. "It looks like one of you is buying the refreshments!" She said gaily as she covered her driver and put it back in the bag.

As we passed the starters shed he greeted Mary Beth. "How did you do today, Mrs. Cohan?"

"Not bad, Charlie, but I haven't been feeling too well recently."

"She shot a forty-two, for heaven's sake!" Sam whispered. "I wonder how she plays if she feels good?" 

A few minutes later we were seated in a corner of the club house by some windows overlooking the practice green. When the waiter delivered the beers Mary Beth took over the conversation. "Do you gentlemen believe that women can read minds?"

"It seems like it!" Joe admitted and the rest of us agreed. "What makes you ask that?"

"Let's give it a try, why don't we?" She smiled sweetly as she continued. "All three of you are thinking about two things; first is where did this lady learn to play golf like that, and the second is: When will the old hag leave us alone so we can get down to business."

"Mrs. Cohan!" Sam exclaimed. "I'd never call you an old hag!"

"Of course not, my dear, at least not to my face. I admit to looking a bit worse for the wear but that is the result of spending more hours than I care to admit playing golf. I played golf on my high school and college teams and for a brief time was even on the tour. Marriage and children ended that but once the children were grown I was a teaching pro until I retired five years ago. By the way, I still give private lessons if you're interested. That explains my golf game, now for the second part."

Mary Beth leaned in and continued in a soft voice. "I know why you three are meeting here today."

Sam objected, "I don't know what you mean, Mrs. Cohan! I just met Fred today and I never knew Joe before today either."

"That's true Sam, I believe you! But Joe and Fred met last week didn't you boys?" Mary Beth asked as she looked at Joe and me with that smile women wear when they know they have cornered you.

"Yes, ma'am, I mean Mary Beth, but I don't know what you are talking about." Joe still maintained his innocence.

"Then let me elaborate. About three years ago my husband died. We'd been married almost forty years and I still miss him. I read an article about a couple who answered an ad on the internet and were robbed when they went to see the item they were tying to buy. I checked out some of these web sites. From there I noticed the personals section and I was shocked at how many men and women were seeking partners for all kinds of nasty things. I couldn't believe what I was reading but I was fascinated. I couldn't resist looking up those ads almost every day. I noticed a pattern. Many of the same people were posting on a regular basis. That is when your ad came to my attention, Fred."

"Is that so?"

"Yes, my dear, it is!" She smiled sweetly. "That is how I know what you like to do!"

"Oh..." I looked down at my empty beer glass, embarrassed.

"I'm not here to judge you, Fred. Let me finish my story." She looked up and caught the waiter's eye. "Bring us another round, please!"

"You're just one surprise after another, Mary Beth." Joe exclaimed.

"I hope so, Joe, I really do." She looked him in the eye seriously. "I want to be friends with all of you." She smiled sweetly and patted Joe on his hand.

The waiter delivered the second round and she continued, "I answered your ad, Fred. If you don't believe me just check your received file and look for 'mbcohan.' I said my name was 'Bill' and you sent me the information on how to hook up with you. I even used two blue balls on the practice green but I guess you didn't expect to meet an old lady."

"I should say not!" I agreed.

"Anyway," she continued, "over the last three weeks I've come to the course the day after you've posted. I've seen you meet five or six men and at least one besides Joe has come back for more. By the way, Sam, if you have been concerned about being able to trust Fred I'd say that should answer your question. Joe met Fred a few days ago and he is no worse for the wear! Wouldn't you agree, Joe?"

Joe's face turned beet red. "Yes." He admitted.

Sam looked concerned, like a young boy who'd just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar and he's afraid he's going to be punished. "Mary Beth, what is it you want?"

Mary Beth leaned a crossed the table and put her hand over Sam's. "Don't worry Sam; I'm not interested in hurting you boys in any way, far from it! In fact, if any one of you wants me to leave and never see you again I'll get up right now but before I do please let me explain,"

"Go on." Joe said looking first at me and then at Sam.

I nodded my approval and Sam said, "Please, continue."

Mary Beth looked at each of us in turn and smiled a knowing smile, I'm sure she knew she had set the hook and we were already under her spell. I met my husband, William, in college. We were both on the golf team. As it turned out I was much better than he and my competitive career lasted for about three years after we both graduated. As is often the case in women's athletics I had a crush on one of the ladies on the team. She was a junior when I was a freshman. We often roomed together on road trips and, well, let's just say we were never cold at night. When she graduated my new roommate was another classmate. For the next two years we were roommates both at school and on the road. I became very close with both of those girls, closer than just good friends. We were lovers as well as friends; both of them were in my wedding party and me theirs! We all loved our husbands but there was a special bond that isn't hard to explain really."

"What does that have to do with us?" Sam interrupted.

"Patience, Sam, I'm getting to that part." She continued. "I didn't know it at the time but Bill, my husband, was developing a similar interest at the same time. It seems that there was a kind of hazing that went on with the men's team. In the locker room the freshmen were sort of like servants to the varsity members of the team. They cleaned the clubs, polished the shoes, anything the varsity wanted. They were punished with a paddling if they broke any of the rules, and they always broke rules. When Bill was a sophomore he was eligible to play on the varsity but in order to earn a place on the team he had to challenge a player already on the team. The winner won a spot on the team and the right to challenge for the highest ranking on the team."

"That's all well and good; Mary Beth, but I don't see the connection." Joe complained.

Mary Beth smiled. "You will, Joe, you will. There was a secret unwritten rule that kept most underclassmen from challenging until they were sure they could win. The loser of the match had to give the winner a BJ."

"Really?" Joe's eyes were as big as saucers. "I'd have never guessed any of those studs would do that!"

"I never guessed either until we went back to school for a reunion." She continued, "It was late in the evening after the team dinner when Bill and I were having a nightcap in the hotel bar with Alicia and her husband Rob. Alicia was my first crush and the first girl that I slept with. After one too many drinks she asked me, "Did you know about the little side bets the boys had in their challenge matches?"

Her husband tried to stop her but she was determined. "It's alright, Robby boy, I think Mary Beth would like to know! In fact, you wanna make a bet!" Her speech was a little slurred and a little loud but she knew what she was doing. 

"Alicia, please, you're making a scene." Rob tried to stop her.

"Robby, dear," she looked at him through half drunk eyes, "you are such an ass! There's no one else in the bar!" She turned to my husband Bill. "It gets better, Bill, I'll bet you don't know what a great muff diver your wife is!"

He looked over at me but I wouldn't look him in the eye. "Is that true?" He asked.

Alicia stood up. "Let's go to our room, Rob, these two need to talk." She leaned over and kissed me full on the lips while she squeezed my breast. "We'll be waiting if you're interested." She turned to Bill and said as she grabbed his crotch. "It feels like little Bill is interested, is he Bill?"

They left the bar and Bill and I spent the next half hour apologizing for keeping secrets and confessing our past sins as well as our current deeply abiding love. Finally I asked the question that was on both our minds. "Do you want to go to their room?"

"Will you be upset if you see me sucking Rob's cock?" Bill asked candidly and with genuine concern but I could tell he wanted to do it. That he was missing something in his life and that things could be re-energized in our marriage if we did go to their room.

"Will you be upset watching me eating Alicia's pussy? I answered bluntly because I was excited; my panties were wetter than they'd been in years."

"That would be so... hot!" He whispered.

"Then it's agreed, the family that plays together stays together." I smiled as I took his hand and led him to the elevator. "We had a great night after that. Bill sucked Rob for a while as Alicia and I made out and watched them. Then Rob fucked Alicia while I ate her pussy and Bill fucked me and ate his own cream pie. From then on we got together four times a year until Bill died."

"I'm so sorry you lost your husband." I said sympathetically.

Mary Beth looked at each of us in turn. We were speechless. "That's my story in a nutshell, boys! I confess that it turns this old lady on to watch a guy suck cock! But it's still up to you." She finished her beer and pushed a piece of paper over to me with her address and phone number. "I'll be waiting... By the way, Joe, I'll bet you I can cure that nasty slice of yours!" She turned and walked away as we sat in silence. She never looked back.
