 Super Bowl 

I headed over to Ben's place that afternoon with a rock hard boner in my pants. I was mildly disappointed to find that Joe was already there, seated in the living room checking his phone. 

As I closed the door behind me, Ben bounded out from the kitchen with his arms stretched wide. "Hey, buddy!" he exclaimed enthusiastically and clasped me in a firm embrace. "Come help me in the kitchen," he coaxed, leading me around the corner out of sight from Joe. Then he smiled at me as he placed his hands on either side of my face and drew me into a kiss. I gripped the sides of his shirt and held the material tightly in my fists as we made out, rolling our tongues together around inside our mouths. We stopped ourselves before we got too carried away and entered he kitchen to prepare the refreshments. 

Erik arrived a short time later brandishing bottles of booze. "It's the big day, gentlemen," he declared as he handed me his bottles and slipped off his coat. "Everyone ready?" 

I set the bottles on the table and retrieved four tumblers from bar. Ben furnished the coffee table with a wide assortment of snacks and finger food and took his usual place next to me on the couch. 

Erik dove into the taco dip as Joe filled our glasses. "Hey, so I was thinking," Erik began, crunching on a tortilla chip. "We should play the game 'Who's Most Likely To'. My wife and I played it with a couple of friends last week at a party and I thought you guys might enjoy it. Or did you have other plans?" Erik asked, glancing at Ben, who indicated that he hadn't. "Has anyone ever played before?" We all shook our heads. "Okay," Erik explained. "When your team scores, you ask the group a question about who you think is the most likely to do something. Whoever gets the most votes has to drink." 

"I like it," Ben replied, dipping a cocktail sausage roll in some mustard and popping it into his mouth. 

Joe and I were rooting for the Packers and Erik and Ben were for the Broncos. When the Packers scored first, Joe indicated for me to start things off. "Who is the most likely among us to have the greatest number of moving violations?" I asked the group. 

Ben stood up from the couch. "You mean like this?" He placed his hands behind his head and began gyrating his hips, flapping his free-balling cock within his loose-fitting shorts. 

Erik and I laughed as Joe shielded his eyes. "That is definitely a violation on so many levels." 

"Traffic violations," I clarified to him. "I meant traffic violations." 

Ben sat down and pointed immediately to Joe, as did Erik. Not knowing the others as well as they all knew each other, I simply emulated them and pointed to Joe as well. Joe shrugged and took a swig. 

"Those red signs with the funny shape?" Ben said to him. "Yeah, they mean for you to stop." 

Joe rolled his eyes and reached for some olives. "Who here is most likely to get arrested?" he asked, surveying the group. Erik and Joe pointed to Ben, while Ben and I pointed to Joe. 

"It's a tie," Ben declared and clinked his glass against Joe's. "Now just what do you two think I'd be arrested for?" Ben asked after he and Joe drank. 

"Indecent exposure," Joe and Erik said simultaneously. 

The Packers scored again in the bottom of the first quarter, so Joe and I had another turn. 

"Who is the most likely to get a drunk tattoo?" I asked the group. Ben and Erik laughed and immediately pointed to Joe. Joe took his glass and downed the rest of his drink in one gulp. 

"That naked lady on the back of his shoulder," Ben informed me. "That was a drunk tattoo." 

"I don't regret it," he responded flatly. "Okay, so who here is the most likely to go to a nude beach?" he asked, looking directly at Erik. 

"Clothing optional resort," Erik clarified and took a swig. 

Ben scrunched his face and groaned. "Ugh, I could never do that. I'm sure the sand gets everywhere." 

"That it does," Erik confessed. 

When the Broncos scored in the second quarter, Ben asked, "Who is most likely to have a secret identity?" I pointed to Erik and then realized everyone was pointing at me. 

"What?" I laughed. "Why me?" 

"It's the quiet ones," Erik said as Ben and Joe nodded in agreement. 

Erik took his turn. "Who is most likely to post nude selfies?" Everyone instantly pointed to Ben. 

"What?" Ben complained. "I would never." 

"Yeah, right," Joe chided him. 

"Seriously," Ben replied. "I mean, I might directly message pictures, but I would never randomly post them online." 

"It still counts," Erik informed him. 

Ben shrugged and took a sip of his drink. Then he got up and retrieved his cell phone from the kitchen counter. He turned it on, stretched out the waistband of his short and snapped a photo of its interior contents. "You guys want me to send this to you now or later?" he asked us, looking up from his phone. 

"Please don't," Joe implored, glancing at Erik and shaking his head. 

"Don't give me anything I'd have to explain to my wife," Erik told him with a hearty guffaw. 

Ben smiled, pressed a couple of buttons on his phone with his thumb before setting it on the table. We all reached for various snacks and turned our attention back to the game. A couple of seconds later, my phone chimed with a text alert. I looked at it and, sure enough, there was the snapshot Ben had taken of his junk. I quickly switched off my phone, glancing at Erik and Joe who were still focused on the game. I smiled to myself, purposefully not looking at Ben, even though I could feel his eyes on me. 

The first half concluded with a score of 14 - 7, Packers. Erik got up to relieve himself while Joe checked the messages on his phone. Ben and I headed toward the kitchen, ducked behind the large support beam at its entrance, and began to instantly make out, trying hard to be quiet but unable to keep from making telltale sounds. We stopped periodically to peer around the corner at Joe who remained preoccupied with his phone. 

We resumed kissing one another without closing our eyes, our hands pulling at each other's clothing. 

Ben pressed his hips forward, his growing dick stretching his shorts out and slide his protrusion between my legs. I grabbed his ass as his dick continued to stiffen, pushing up against my balls. He tore himself away at the sound of the bathroom opening down the hall and quickly opened the refrigerator door. Erik strode past a second later and returned to the living room. We chuckled quietly as Ben handed me a pitcher of water from the fridge. 

"Look at what you do to me, man," he said as he pulled four glasses from the overhead cabinet and set them on the counter that separated the kitchen from the living room. As he turned toward me, he revealed the obvious tent in his shorts. As I began pouring the water into the glasses, I reached out with my free hand and took hold of his dick through his shorts. Ben placed his hands on his hips and glanced over toward the living room at Erik and Joe who were engaged in conversation. Then he reached over and squeezed my hard dick through my pants. I finished filling the glasses with water and set the pitcher on the counter in front of us, partially obstructing the view of anyone glancing our direction as we continued to fondle each other's cocks. 

Ben unzipped my pants and stuck his hand inside, fishing around until his fingers found the lower hem of my underwear at the crease of my thigh. Then he stretched the hem open, slipped his fingers inside and pulled my cock and balls out through the leg hole of my underwear and then through the fly of my pants. He then took my hand and shoved it down inside his shorts where I could take direct hold of his hard cock. I glanced toward the living room as Ben licked the palm of his hand and then wrapped his fingers around my shaft, squeezing it firmly as he slowly pumped it. I ran my thumb over the head of his dick, feeling the cool wetness of his pre-cum. I withdrew my hand from his shorts and stuck my thumb in my mouth, tasting the salty droplet. 

Joe looked up from his phone and turned his head toward us. "What are you guys doing?" 

"Just getting some liquid refreshment," Ben replied nonchalantly as he rested his free hand on the counter in front of himself. Thankfully, the countertop separating the kitchen from the living area as well as the glasses and pitcher shielded all of the action from view. "You want anything?" 

"No, I'm good," Joe said, leaning back in his chair and returning to his phone. 

Ben slowly shook his head at me with a smile. He released my dick and then turned to the refrigerator. I quickly stuffed my dick back in my pants, took two of the glasses from the counter and delivered them to the living room. When I returned for the other two glasses, Ben was standing in front of the open fridge with a cold bottle of beer pressed to his groin. "You're killing me, man," he said and I laughed as I took the glasses and returned to the living room. 

Ben joined us a couple seconds later, the ice-cold bottle of beer having successfully served its purpose. 

We all turned our attention to the half-time show and readied our glasses when the game resumed. The Packers were the first to score within the third quarter so Joe and I were up. "All right," I began. "Who do you think is the most likely to appear in a porn film?" 

"Professional or amateur?" Ben promptly asked. 

I shrugged. "Either." 

All of us pointed to Ben. "I accept the compliment," he responded and took a drink. 

"Okay," Joe said, sitting up in his seat. "Who here do you think is the most likely to experiment sexually?" 

"Experiment how?" Erik prompted. 

Joe shrugged. "In any way out of the ordinary." 

Ben laughed and grabbed another sausage roll. "What's ordinary?" 

"I don't know," Joe griped. "With props ... or different techniques or ... you know, with different people." 

Without hesitating, Ben pointed quickly to me before realizing that all of us were pointing at him. Ben refilled his drink and took another swallow. "Well, you're kind of obligated to experiment sexually when you're a porn star," he said. 

The Broncos were the next to score before the end of the third quarter. 

"Who is most likely to be really kinky in bed?" Ben asked as he surveyed the group. 

"What do you mean?" Erik prompted. 

"Like get tied up or spanked or wear costumes," Ben clarified. 

Ben and I pointed to each other while Erik and Joe deliberated. "I don't know," Joe said, rubbing his chin. "I mean, you got pegged with a strap-on," he said, indicating Erik, "but you're the one who came up with idea." He gestured to Ben. "I think it's a tie." 

Erik stared at me, as if he were trying to size me up. "I think it'd be you." 

I laughed. "What makes you think that?" 

"Remember," he told me. "It's the quiet ones." 

Ben raised his glass. "Well, that's two votes for me and two votes for Todd," he said and clinked his glass against mine. We both raised our glasses and took a swig. 

Erik set down his glass and rubbed his hands together. "Okay ... who here is most likely to give a 'reach around'?" he asked with a cocked eyebrow. 

Ben laughed loudly and clapped his hands. 

"What the hell is a 'reach around'?" Joe asked skeptically. 

Erik flashed him a smile. "My wife gave me one when she was pegging me." 

Joe winced and Ben laughed even harder. "Do you know what that is?" Ben asked me, resting his hand on my knee. I shook my head. "It's when the guy who's fucking you from behind reaches around to jack your dick for you." 

"Oh, Jesus!" Joe exclaimed, falling back into his seat. 

"Hey, it's a very courteous thing to do," Ben responded. "So, which one of us is the most likely to be that courteous?" 

Erik and I pointed to Ben, who pointed to me. Joe contemplated for a moment, glancing back and forth between Ben and I, before settling indifferently on me. Ben clinked his glass against mine again and we drank. 

The Broncos scored another touchdown and conversion in the fourth quarter. "I've got one," Erik announced promptly. "Which one of us is most likely to have never done any 'manscaping'?" 

Joe looked quizzically around at all the fingers pointing toward him. "What are you talking about?" 

"You see!" Erik shouted emphatically. "He has no idea!" 

"I bet it's real wild down there," Ben commented. "Like it has its own ecosystem." 

"What?" Joe asked. "You mean, trimming your body hair? Is that what that means?" 

"Yeah!" Ben replied. "Have you ever done that?" 

"No," Joe retorted. "Why would I?" 

"So that any woman who goes down there won't be hacking up a fur ball." Erik and I doubled over with laughter. 

Joe suppressed a smile and shook his head. "No sharp metal objects are going anywhere near my junk." 

"Well, then, maybe you could braid it or something," Ben replied. "I don't know. Do some cornrows. Just clear a path, so nothing gets lost in there." 

Joe began to chuckle in spite of himself. "You don't have to worry about it, buddy," he told Ben. "It's just fine the way it is." 

"Alright," Ben conceded. "I'll buy you a pack of barrettes and won't say another word. Take your drink." 

Joe muttered to himself and took a gulp from his glass. 

"My turn," Ben said as he raised his glass to all of us. "So ... who here is the most likely to have the biggest dick?" 

Joe, Erik, and Ben shouted simultaneously, "Me!" Then they quickly tossed back their drinks. 

The game concluded with the Broncos earning the Vince Lombardi trophy as the Super Bowl champions due to the fact that the Packers had missed one field goal. We chatted for a while amidst bites of food until Joe and Erik got up and reclaimed their jackets. 

"Well, gentlemen, it was great seeing you," Ben told them as he followed them toward the door. Joe turned and gave Ben a one-armed hug, patting him firmly on the back, and then repeated the same farewell with me. 

Erik firmly hugged Ben, then me. "Enjoy your evening together, fellas," he said with a grin. 

After the door closed behind them, Ben sauntered over to me with a smirk. 

"I think they know," I said to him. 

Ben stopped and furrowed his brow. "Know what?" 

"That we ... you know ... fooled around." 

Ben looked toward the door then back at me. "How would they know that?" 

I shrugged. "I'm not sure," I said. "It's just a feeling, I guess." 

Ben paused, mulling it over for himself. "Does it really matter?" he then asked me directly. 

I smiled and shook my head. "No. Actually, it really doesn't." 

Ben stepped forward, standing only a few inches away from me, his hands on his hips. "Well, the Broncos beat the Packers," he said triumphantly. I nodded, feeling an increase in my heart rate. "So, then who here," Ben began, folding his arms across his chest, tilting his head back and raising his eyebrows, "is the most likely to have to take a dick up his ass?" 

I chuckled and indicated myself with my thumb. 

Ben's eyes sparkled and his mouth stretched into a wide grin. "Yeah? You gonna take one for your team?" 

"Yeah," I replied, looking him straight in the eye. "I'd be glad to." 

We leaned forward at the same time and met each other with our mouths. 

The door suddenly opened and a voice said, "Hey, sorry, I forgot ..." 

We pulled apart and turned to see Joe standing in the doorway. He stared at us for a split second, uttered a strained sound and then started to laugh. "Sorry, guys, I, uh ... I forgot my phone." He tiptoed around us and into the living room, grabbed his phone from the coffee table, then tiptoed quietly back to the door. He turned and smiled. "You can, uh, go back to what you were doing." Then he shut the door behind him with a laugh. 

Ben and I regarded each other for a moment in frozen silence. "Well," Ben suddenly said with a shrug. "If they didn't know before, they know now." 

We looked at each other and then burst into laughter. Ben seized me by the waist with his arms, lifted me up and bounded down the hallway and into the bedroom. He threw me onto the bed, kicked off his shoes, tore off his shirt, shucked his shorts and then jumped onto the bed beside me. He grabbed me and began kissing me as he fumbled with my pants, forcibly yanking them down and then pushing my shirt up. He pulled back and peeled off my shirt, plucked off my shoes, ripped off my pants and undershorts then pushed me onto my back and climbed on top of me. He kissed my chin, then my neck, then my cheek, then nibbled on my ear before he inserted his tongue inside my ear canal. I shivered under him as he lapped my ear and rubbed his warm, hard cock against me. 

He quickly pulled back and blinked at me a couple of times. "You know, I think you're right," he said. "Joe didn't seem at all shocked when he caught us kissing. He seemed more awkward and embarrassed." 

It took me a few seconds to come down from my high and catch up with him. "Yeah," I said. "I kind of had a feeling that he knew." 

"I don't know how, though," Ben replied. "Do you think he saw us jacking each other in the kitchen?" 

"I don't think so," I replied. "It didn't seem like it." 

Ben smiled at me and shrugged. "Whatever." 

He then rolled over onto his back, pulling me on top of him in the process. He took my face in his hands, enclosed his mouth over mine and stuck his tongue inside. I rolled my tongue around his as we began to rotate our hips, rubbing our stiff cocks together. 

He withdrew from me suddenly and said, "I bet you it was Erik. He must've sensed something and then told Joe. Joe's not very perceptive, but Erik ... he's pretty sharp." 

I thought it over for a moment while I was catching my breath. "Yeah," I agreed. "It almost seemed like Erik was encouraging it, you know?" Ben shook his head, indicating that he didn't quite follow. "He was the one who got you to lick my dick that second time with the whipped cream. Why would he do that if he didn't suspect anything was going on between us?" 

Ben smiled up at me, blushing. "Yeah," he chuckled. "I guess I was kind of obvious about wanting you." He pushed me off of him, rolled me onto my stomach, swung his leg over my back and straddled me so that he was sitting on my upper back and facing my ass. He leaned over, stuck his head between my legs and pushed his face into the crevice of my cheeks and began tonguing my hole. I tilted my hips and arched my back so that he could have full access. He pulled my cheeks apart and repeatedly dragged his tongue over my anus, causing me to bite onto a large fold of the bed sheet. 

Ben paused for a moment and pushed himself up. "God, your ass is amazing," he gushed, squeezing my cheeks in his hands. "I have been wanting this ass for so long." 

"Really?" I asked, raising my head. 

"Fuck, yeah!" Ben replied adamantly. "Your ass is fucking perfect! I always knew you had a great ass but when I saw it bare for the first time in the locker room ... fuck, man, I wanted to stick my dick up in it so bad!" 

I spread my legs wider on the bed, my saliva-coated hole feeling cool in the open air. "Well, now you get to do just that." 

"Oh, fuck!" Ben growled, pulled my cheeks apart and lapped at my hole. "Yeah, buddy, you want me to stick my dick in your ass?" 

"Yeah," I replied. 

"Yeah? You want me to fuck you? You want your perfect ass to get fucked by my dick?" 

"Yeah, Ben," I answered, craving it more and more with each passing second. "I want you to fuck me." 

"Oh, man, I'm gonna fuck your ass so good!" he declared loudly and gave my cheek a stinging smack. 

He leaned over, pulled open a drawer from his bedside table and fished out a small bottle of lube. I got up onto my hands and knees as he squeezed a generous amount of lube onto his fingers. The lube felt cool as he smeared it around my opening, his fingers lightly massaging my puckered hole. "Yeah, look at that tight hole," he said. He withdrew his hand and emptied the contents of the bottle into his palm. I looked back around watched as he lathered the entire length of his thick cock with a smile. When he was sufficiently and copiously slicked up, he placed the bottle on the table and used the remaining lube still in his hand on my dick. I spread my legs wide as he got into position on his knees behind me. The mattress sagged under his weight, which caused me to slide downward slightly and back towards him. He placed one hand on my ass and aimed his dick at my hole with the other. I felt his engorged cockhead slide between my cheeks and up against my opening. 
