 This isn't a straight-up gay fuck story – it's the last of a four-part story of a gay pairing between two elderly gentlemen and this episode runs to 4 pages. 

Don't expect wild excitement and rampant action so much as excited anticipation and newly discovered pleasures, but....this being part four, the action is going to pick up more or less where it left off, so you won't have to wait too long!

But, to get you in the mood, then I suggest that you read the first three stories, if you haven't already done so.

So please read and vote on this story with those considerations in mind.....

0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0

"Do you know what Bill," I said, "If you'd have told me, those few weeks ago when we first met, that one day we'd be standing together in my shower, I'd never have believed it possible. And if you'd have then told me that we'd be standing in the shower because you'd just fucked me I probably would have thumped you!"

"Bit of a turn-around, isn't it?" said Bill, "And you've enjoyed it all, haven't you?"

"Damn right I have," I said, holding up my penis that was already trying to stiffen again, "Every moment!"

"Marvellous what a few herbs can do!" said Bill......

0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 

After our rather energetic afternoon a nice peaceful dinner and some postprandial drinks rounded off the day nicely, Bill and I seated in my two deep armchairs, for once acting our age, without feeling it, however!

And eventually a decision had to be made; was Bill going to stay the night or not?

I'd been chewing the matter over for some time, wondering what the neighbours might think; whether or not it might spoil our very erotic relationship; even down to what on earth to give him for breakfast, but I hadn't arrived at any decision, until Bill spoke up.

"I guess I really ought to be going," he said as he stood up and stretched, "Wish I'd brought the car; it's going to be a long walk home in the dark...."

"Well, you could always....." I started, but Bill continued.

"Hmmm – actually after all those whiskeys there's no way I should drive anyway," he said, ignoring my opening gambit, "Oh well, I need to stretch my legs anyway. The walk will do me good...."

"Stay!" I blurted, my voice cracking, "Stay Bill, you can't go home – I'll miss you!"

Bill's eyes lit up and his face creased into a big smile.

"You mean that?" he said, "Honest?"

And you won't believe this but I actually ran to him and embraced him in both arms, Bill returning the hugs and I know I was nearly crying; perhaps he was too.

"Bloody hell," exclaimed Bill, "You have got it bad!"

We disengaged and both sat down again, our arms reluctant to part and me now speechless at my show of almost childish behaviour.

"Ok kind sir," said Bill brightly, lifting the mood, "I'll take you up on your offer, thank you. So, next question – where am I sleeping tonight?"

I took a deep breath to calm myself and so that I had time to make a sensible reply.

"Errrr, the spare bedroom is all yours if you like or would you rather share?" I said, ostentatiously not actually saying the word.

"Share as in sleep in the same bed with you?" asked Bill, a wicked look in his eye and a crooked smile hovering on his lips.

"Yeeeesss," I said decisive at last, "Yes – together, in the same bed, definitely!"

Already I could feel my penis stretching out as the very thought of lying there beside my sex partner was reaching parts that until recently had been of use only to me. But now that Bill and I had shared everything, sleeping together was really just an extension of our activities.

And I was looking forward to it immensely!

"You know what Chris," said Bill warmly, "I'd have slept in the spare room if you'd wanted me to but I'd much rather be in the same bed as you. I've a feeling that we'll both sleep better if we can say goodnight properly!"

I chuckled because I'd been thinking the same thing, before Bill spoke again.

"Hey – we ought to get to bed soonish – look at the damn time," he said.

I looked up at the clock and saw that it was already well gone eleven; well past my usual bedtime actually but not all that late I suppose, so I immediately guessed that Bill, like me, had ideas for a fairly lengthy goodnight!

"Good heavens, doesn't time fly," I said, "Amazing where time goes when you're enjoying yourself."

"Been lovely to have some good company," said Bill, making me glow with pleasure, "So what do we do next?"

"Well, we don't need a shower, do we," I asked, now eager to get into the bedroom, "quick wash and we'll be ok."

"Daren't get in the shower with you again!" laughed Bill as he stood up again, "Come on then; wash then bedroom; lead the way."

We both stripped down to our underpants and dumped our clothes in the bedroom, then walked into the bathroom. Bill immediately headed to the in-bathroom toilet where he pulled out his penis, pulled back his foreskin and started peeing steadily. I couldn't help but watch him piss, or perhaps it was just the sight of his penis that I was enjoying but as he peed I felt my own cock start to rise and I quickly averted my sight and concentrated on brushing my teeth instead. Bill might have managed to pee with his cock rising, but pissing with a hard-on is bloody awkward, not to mention hard work!

But soon our ablutions were complete and we both headed to my bedroom where we stood side by side at the end of the bed.

"Looks as if you sleep that side," said Bill, his hand holding his bulging cock and I nodded, "So I'll take this side then."

With that he pushed his underpants down and off and climbed onto the bed completely nude where he lay with the duvet pushed back; a picture of utterly desirable masculinity. Immediately my cock sprang to attention, forcing my underpants away from my body. Bill and I had been together naked on this bed before, but somehow seeing him there at this time of night and knowing that I'd soon be right next to him was different and just so erotic.

"You don't mind if I sleep nude, do you?" he asked and I shook my head.

"I don't wear anything either," I replied as I removed my underpants, "Except occasionally in winter."

"You ought to wear a bloody chastity belt, you sex mad old git!" said Bill cheerfully, "Look at you – up and ready and you're not even in bed yet!"

I laughed loudly at his comment, but he was right; I'd definitely become a hunter with one quarry in mind; Bill's body!

Remarkably nimbly I thought, I bounded into bed and soon lay there beside Bill, as naked as he was.....the only difference between us was that my cock was already eagerly rampantly erect whereas his was merely still rising. But as I scanned his body I saw that Bill's penis was very quickly raising itself off his body as it stiffened into an erection too.

I reached over and touched it, now holding it as it came alive in my hand. I skinned back his foreskin and rubbed him a few times before I released him.

"Hmmm, feeling frisky eh?" said Bill as I played with him, "You need calming down. Come on, roll over."

Quickly I turned over onto my side; hopeful of some action; my hip turned almost as if I was on my front better to allow Bill access to my arse; my hard penis feeling hot against my stomach as it became wedged beneath me.

"Where's the KY – oh, found it," said Bill and a little while later his fingers brought a cool blob of the gel to my arsehole. I pushed backwards gently to facilitate his entry; one he achieved with no fuss or pain at all. For a few moments I felt Bill's fingers moving in and out of my hole as he lubricated it thoroughly and then he moved his hands away and I felt the mattress move as he edged closer to me.

Then Bill's hand was over my hip; his penis was sliding up and down my crack and I was trembling all over as I awaited contact between his cock and my hole.

And there it was; his cock located my slippery, wrinkled, indented entrance and I felt pressure build up as Bill pulled me to him and pushed with his hips.

For a few seconds very little happened until something seemed to give way and I felt his cock sliding into my body, straight through my sphincter ring.

"Aaaahhhhhh!" I groaned, loving the feeling of his slippery penis as it moved in and out of me.

"That was easy!" commented Bill quietly in my ear, "Slid in perfectly; makes me feel right at home; as if your hole is all mine!"

"Guess it is Bill," I replied lustfully, "All yours to fill as often as you want to."

"Mmmmmm!" moaned Bill, "I'll do my best!"

And with that he picked up the pace somewhat, now driving his hard cock deep into my bowels, actually pushing me across the bed with his efforts. I pushed back, if only to keep my place on the bed, but also to better enjoy the power of his thrusts. 

I could feel him withdraw every so often so that his knob could penetrate the tight anal ring as he forced his way inside again.

And with each new entry he seemed to manage to brush his penis over my prostate and I was dribbling precum everywhere. I managed to catch a fair amount of it and smear it over my cock but there was just so much pouring from my penis that eventually I gave up. Anyway, I wanted to concentrate on my anal side and on Bill's powerful penis.

Bill was panting now as his thighs slapped against my buttocks, his thrusting now causing him to raise one leg almost entirely over me and he was now nearly driving me into the mattress from above – he was certainly getting in deep!

"Oh fuck Bill, I love it," I moaned as his penis powered into me, "Please fill me, please!"

"Won't be long now Chris," Bill said between breaths, his thrusts now shorter but quicker, "Won't be long....."

"Just let it go when you're ready," I said, doing my best to clench my hole around his penis; doing my utmost to squeeze him from the inside, "Then cum inside me please Bill."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," grunted Bill in time with his thrusts, "Nearly, nearly, almost!"

There was a sudden cessation of movement; then Bill shuddered all over and pulled me hard into him.

"Ahhhhhhh yesssss!" he cried, violently thrusting his hard penis into me, "Ooooh fuuuuuck, fuuuuuck! Cummmmming!"

His body quivered and shook all over.....

"Uuuuugghhh!" he grunted, "Here it cums!"

The next moment I felt warmth flooding my bowels; another vigorous thrust accompanying his first eruption of spunk.

"Hhhhhoooo!" Bill breathed as he fired another gut-filling volley of sperm into me, "Ooooooooh yeahhhh!"

I know I felt four gushes, possibly more but Bill had finished cumming and now merely moved languidly in and out of my slippery wet hole as he unwound.

"Oh God, that was good, fucking good," he said, his hand now moving up my body to cup and caress my male breast and to tease my nipple. I shuddered with this unexpected sensation, a pulse of excitement making my hole squeeze Bill's penis tightly.

We lay together for a little while until Bill let go of my breast and slapped my thigh.

"Come on! Better find you a towel," he said and I reached out and handed him the towel we'd discarded earlier on, "Ah cheers!"

I felt him press the towel under me and then there was that horrible moment when his penis disengaged from its socket and slid from my hole, leaving my anus to squeeze only on itself.

Bill rolled onto his back, his temporarily spent penis now flopping wetly on his thigh.

"Your bedtime treat!" he said jokingly, "Hope you enjoyed it."

"Lovely!" I said as I too lay back, the towel underneath me, "Better go and clean up though."

I got up and went and sat on the toilet with my legs apart and watched as blob after blob of Bill's generous cum plopped into the water as I gently pushed down.

"Gave me a lot, didn't you?" I said, looking up at Bill who'd come into the bathroom to clean up too and he smiled.

"Always do, you should know that," he replied, "Anyway, your turn now, come on!"

Ah – relief for my oozing, still slippery, eager penis! 

I finished cleaning myself and was back on the bed in moments, my erection held upright all ready for Bill to attend to as he rejoined me.

I saw him shake his head.

"How many times today?" he asked rhetorically, "I think I've lost count – if I make you cum once more I'd say that'll be five times today – for both of us!"

"We'd better go back and see your Chinaman and get something to slow us down!" I said, not really meaning it and Bill shook his head.

"You're joking of course!" he laughed, "Wonderful to be able to cum so often at our age – make the most of it!"

So saying Bill rolled over and grasped my penis, almost immediately sinking it into his capacious and warm mouth. I gasped with delight as I felt his tongue tickling and caressing my knob, making my hips jerk and push my penis deeper into his mouth.

Bill pulled away for a moment to speak.

"Do you want me to show you some deep-throating," he said and I nodded in amazement.

I heard Bill take a deep breath and then he engulfed my seven inch penis once again, this time allowing it to slide to the back of his mouth. He paused for a few moments, then drew back, took another breath and moved his head down closer and closer to my body and I could actually feel the tightness of his throat as he accommodated the whole of my length!

"Wow!" I exclaimed, "That's incredible!"

Bill was silent as his mouth and throat accepted my stiff penis, his throat squeezing my knob as it slid down; then Bill surfaced, panting hard and with a dribble of spit running down his chin.

"Bloody hell!" I exclaimed, "How on earth....?"

"Practice, just practice," he said, wiping his chin, "The only problem is though that if you cum right down my throat I don't get to enjoy the taste and feel of your cum in my mouth – so you've had your little demo, now on with the show!"

He dived down onto my cock once more and swiftly began to suck at my knob; the tip of his tongue trying to get into my pee hole and his hand rising and falling quickly around my shaft.

It was my turn to begin to breathe more quickly as he rapidly stimulated my throbbing penis, causing everything to tense up with growing excitement and anticipation.

It wasn't all that long before things started to come to the boil. My legs began to tremble; my hips were thrusting without my help; my hands were clenching, grasping handfuls of duvet; my breath was faster; I was getting hot and my cock was shivering and jerking....and deep down inside I felt the floodgates open.

"Ahhhhh Bill, its cumming! Just cumming.....!" I groaned, "Oh fuck – here it cums!"

And with a grunt I felt my penis power-pump a generous spoonful of cum straight into Bill's mouth. He lifted his head from my cock and continued to rub me, making jet after jet of wet, slimy, white cum splatter down over my abdomen and chest until there was no more.

Bill raised his head and opened his mouth to show me his tongue well and truly coated with my cum before he closed his mouth and swallowed, his tongue then licking his lips with relish.

"Mmmmm, tasty," he said, "Really tasty!"

Temporarily I couldn't even reply; I'd more or less collapsed and even my ever-eager penis seemed to have had enough for now.

"That was wonderful," I said, my hand smoothing Bill's arm as he now lay beside me again, "You've been so good to me."

And I thought as I lay there of all the things I'd done with Bill; everything from our first mutual wank, right through to having anal sex in the shower! I just couldn't believe how far we'd come in just a few weeks. But I wasn't complaining – far from it!

Bill hadn't answered and as I looked at him his eyes were closed and it looked as if he'd dozed off and certainly that was what I should be doing too I reckoned. 

But first I discarded the towel and the lube and made sure we both had glasses of water to hand; then I covered Bill over with the duvet and snuggled down beside him; close enough to touch but not so close that we'd get too hot, I hoped.

And within a very short time indeed I too felt droopy and the next thing I knew it was morning already.

Had I slept? I certainly didn't even remember actually falling asleep and now it was already time to get up – I must have been knackered! 

And Bill was still asleep; I nearly shook him awake but instead I just kissed his cheek lightly as I got out of bed.

Someone had to get the breakfast things ready and Bill needed his beauty sleep!

Then I stopped in my tracks and considered the absurdity of my thoughts. Here was I just simply accepting Bill being there in my bed – I'd never in my life slept with a man and yet here I was being quiet so that a man in my bed could get "his beauty sleep" of all things!

I really must have got it bad for Bill; he'd become so much part of my life already that even waking up with him beside me hadn't shocked me!

That morning was uneventful; Bill had to go home; I had to nip out for some fresh milk and the paper and Bill wanted to make sure things were ready for our outing the following day. So despite first my penis rising and then Bill's, we ignored them, promising them both that we'd deal with them the following evening – if we had any energy left after a day on the beach.

Eventually Bill departed and having popped out to the shops and back I was left on my own for the first time in almost twenty-four hours. I felt really lonely for a little while until I allowed my naughtier inner self to rerun some of our adventures; my first anal fuck; my first deep-throat suck-off – so many wild and wonderful things. My penis kept trying to get me to work him over but I stubbornly refused to take him in hand; he could bloody well wait for a while!

And so I pottered happily enough for the rest of the day, sinking happily into my bed that night; a bed which still held Bill's scent, I was pleased to note and I quickly dozed off, still recovering from the excesses of the recent past.

I awoke bright and well refreshed on Saturday, my mind and body eagerly awaiting our outing; the strong sunlight sharing my mood as I collected what few things I'd need. And as I dressed I looked at my artificially tanned body and silently thanked Bill; I looked so much better with a bit of colour that I even tried a few muscleman poses in front of the mirror; not that I'd ever win any such contest!

Bill had said that we'd be able to eat in his friend's house and that he'd bring us a salad so food wasn't necessary, but I popped a bottle of chilled water into my bag, just in case. I'd already got my 'beach' shorts on – I'd found them well buried in the airing cupboard – under my trousers so all else I needed was a big towel and while I was selecting one, I picked up a small tube and stuffed it in the bag too, believing it to be sun lotion. I didn't even think to check the label, and therefore I didn't discover that I'd put the tube of lubricant in my bag instead! In retrospect the label was of similar colour and design to the tube of sun lotion....

I've a feeling that I'd gathered it simply because it was there – I kind of picked it up without thinking – little knowing that it would be quite useful before too long!

And then there was a loud beeping outside and Bill was there in his car – a lovely vintage Jag, with the roof down too! I was completely gob-smacked and I just stood there dumbfounded.

Bill waved to me to get moving and eventually I collected myself sufficiently to pick up my bag and close the door behind me and soon I was seated in his car, feeling something like a celebrity!

"This is....like phew!" I said as I settled into the comfy seat, "I'd expected you to turn up in a Ford something or other, not a bloomin' Jag!"

"Ahhhh," said Bill, winking at me, "Don't be rude – it's not just a Jag, it's an XJS! You don't know me properly do you; I mean, you haven't even seen my place."
