 This isn't a straight-up gay fuck story - it's a continuation of a gay pairing between two elderly gentlemen which runs to about three pages. 

So don't expect wild excitement and rampant action so much as excited anticipation and newly discovered pleasures. 

But...this being part three, the action is going to pick up more or less where it left off!

Of course, you could always read Chapters One and Two first to get yourself acquainted with the story to date, if you haven't already done so.

So please read and vote on this story with those considerations in mind...

0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0

Bill tenderly patted my bag of herbs that I'd purchased from the Chinese gentleman.

"Look after those and do as you're instructed," he said, as we headed homeward, "And we'll sort out another meeting in a bit."

Before long I was leaning back complete with a hot mug of chocolate in my comfy armchair, allowing the excitement of the day to wash over me. 

So many new things - so much sex - sooooooo good!!

I chuckled to myself as I remembered how outlandish had been my behaviour and how many of my old taboos I'd broken - and yet I'd really loved every minute of it!

And now, instead of being abashed and ashamed I was actually looking forward to the next time I'd be with Bill; already I was beginning to look forward to some more exciting sexual fun and games! 

0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0

I didn't hear from Bill for a few days which was a good thing really as it gave me a chance to chew over my actions during our outing. And as before, some part of me was shocked; even horrified, but much more of me now was beginning to accept my 'new' life. After all, I reasoned, all I was doing was awakening my sex life that had become dormant or even non-existent prior to and after my wife's death. The fact that I was doing it with a man - well, with two men now - was irrelevant to my mind...the important fact was that I now had a sex life again even though I'd now turned 70.

An age at which I guessed once that I'd finished with sex for good.

A few mornings later I was in the process of getting a cup of tea and while doing so I was infusing a measured portion of the Chinaman's herbs when the phone rang - it was Bill.

"Hello Chris, how're you keeping?" he said cheerfully and I replied in much the same vein; I'd been rather looking forward to meeting him again, just knowing that Bill would be up to no good!

We chatted for a while, chewing over the little things that had happened since we last met until there was a pause and I knew that Bill was about to make a suggestion...

"I've been wondering," Bill started and I listened hard, "We've managed to chat for what, five minutes without mentioning sex, but how's that nice cock of yours; good and stiff and horny?"

"Mind your own business!" I said laughing, "No - I don't mind telling you Bill. He's fine!"

He chuckled down the line.

"Come on then, what you've been up to then? How's he keeping?" he said, so I told him.

"After we got home I didn't do anything for the rest of the day - I was just so relaxed, I think. And more importantly I felt relaxed in my mind too. But the next morning I'd got a hard-on again that wouldn't go until I'd..."

"Until you'd had a wank," said Bill, "Yeah - come on then, admit it!"

"Twice!" I said, "It just wouldn't go away!"

"Not complaining are you?" said Bill and I could almost imagine the twinkle in his eye.

"No - no way - and anyway, I had to do it again that evening and twice yesterday too!" I told him, "Just can't stop getting hard!"

"You're not overdoing those herbs are you?" Bill asked but I assured him that I was only using the correct dosage.

"Guess your body is just getting used to their effect," he said, "You'll calm down a bit soon; not that you want to be too laid back, I guess!"

Definitely not! Truthfully I was enjoying finding my cock hard so often once again; it was a revelation to me and seemed to have turned my clock back, physically and perhaps even mentally, to be honest!

"Anyway..." said Bill, "Let's get back to what I was going to say. I was going to suggest that I pop over sometime soon so we can have a bit of a social get-together and then perhaps we can organise something."

"Of course Bill, you're welcome any time," I said, feeling my penis starting to rise in anticipation, "I'll look forward to the pleasure!"

And so we arranged that he'd call round the following afternoon and even before the call had ended my cock was hard and I was running one hand up and down his length in my trousers as the idea of having Bill here reached my organ.

My breathing must have changed because Bill went silent for a moment...

"You playing with yourself?" he asked suddenly and I could only hum a reply in my embarrassment at getting caught!

"Save it!" he said, "No actually, get rid of it - you'll have some nice fresh cum for me then! Don't want your old stuff!"

"Bill!" I exclaimed, feeling shocked, "Don't be so crude!"

Bill was laughing like a drain and moments later I too was laughing happily. Bill's feelings were certainly catching and it made me wonder if he was excited too.

"Ummm Bill, are you hard too?" I managed to ask.

"Hard?" he replied, "I was playing with myself even before I phoned you."

I heard him suck in a breath.

"Look, I'm getting close now, so I'll leave you to it. See you tomorrow."

And with that he rang off abruptly leaving me with a handful of erection and a mind full of anticipation.

I dealt with my erection easily enough; my umpteenth orgasm this week splattering cumshots down the toilet but my mind remained full; mainly full of pictures of Bill's cock waving before me; of his cum squirting energetically...and of my penis as it slid inside his arsehole.

And naturally that brought my cock back to life yet again but I ignored him now; I'd save what I had left for Bill on the morrow.

Thursday dawned bright and warm, more or less matching my mood. My morning erection was there again but I found other things to do while he subsided although sex was never far from my mind as I chased the dust around to make the place look a bit more presentable.

Bill as I'd expected, was prompt - at two that afternoon I saw him arriving and I opened the door to welcome him. Moments later and we were in a big bear hug, both cheerfully slapping each other's back - but already sex was on the scene!

Because as we hugged together I felt Bill's hips tilt towards me and as he did so a hard object slid up my groin; Bill's cock was already up and raring to go!

I reached down and grasped his penis, loving the rigid stiffness and warmth and I practically pulled him into the house by his cock; Bill almost stumbling as I dragged him in!

"Whoa," he said cheerfully, "You're bloody eager aren't you?"

"Missed you; anyway you were hard too," I said, really meaning that I'd missed his penis, "Been waiting..."

"Well you can wait a little longer," he said moving us apart, "Go and make me a drink and let me relax - then perhaps we'll play."

"Good thinking" I said, more or less to myself, so I bustled around and produced his malt whiskey and ice while I opened a can of lager and we sat down in my lounge; the scene a few weeks ago of some very hot pornographic films. Briefly I shut my eyes and there in my mind I could see the action on the TV; those energetic and massive cocks thrusting hard and shooting wildly! I felt my penis stiffen immediately and I put my hand over him to hide my condition.

Bill as always however, had noticed and now chuckled as he sat beside me.

"Are you still hard?" he asked, "You're getting to be as bad as me!"

He leaned back and sure enough, there down his leg ran his generous ridge of flesh. It jerked as I looked at it and almost automatically I reached out to place my hand on it, but Bill stopped me.

"Plenty of time for that," he said gently, "I'm not in a hurry to leave!"

We hadn't agreed any 'end time' to our meeting and I looked at Bill.

"Stay all night if you like," I volunteered innocently and without thinking of the ramifications, "The bed in the spare room is all ready if you need it."

"Why, what's wrong with your bed?" he replied, leering at me, "Still let's worry about that later; we haven't got that far yet, have we?"

I couldn't reply partially because I was gob-smacked by his reply and partially because until now I'd only been able to mentally see as far as the pair of us getting some relief - but perhaps things might become more interesting than that it seemed.

Instead I could only think to change the subject and to talk of eating so I told Bill that I'd got a nice steak pie for later, in case he wanted to stay for dinner. His nods told me that it met with his approval; he'd obviously expected to be staying at least until after dinner.

We chattered almost inanely for a while but Bill was looking a lot further ahead than dinner it seemed.

"Don't know about you, but do you ever get down to the beach?" he asked, then replied to himself, "Oh, judging from your lack of tan, I'd guess not, eh?"

"Never had reason to go, well, not for some years, why?" I asked, remembering that Bill seemed to be fairly well tanned.

"I love a good day by the sea...fancy a day out at the weekend? Forecast says it'll be pretty warm; should be a good excuse for a relaxing day on the beach," he said, "I've got some suntan cream and stuff - all you'll need to bring will be your shorts and a towel; I'll do the rest, ok?"

I found myself agreeing immediately; it would make a good change from staying around here every day although I'd have to think where my beach shorts were - it had been a long time since I'd worn them!

"Done then," he said, slapping his thighs, "I'll bring the car round at what, nine o'clock, Saturday morning - we can get down to Bournemouth inside the hour and have a nice long day in the sun."

"You've got a car?" I asked, surprised.

"Well of course I have; don't bother to use it much around town though," said Bill, "Why, haven't you?"

"No, the missus didn't like to go out much and there hasn't been any need for one lately, what with the shops and the doctors so handy," I replied, "Oh, it'll be lovely to get out on the road again!"

"You'll have a good day out, don't you worry," said Bill cheerfully, "Trust me!"

"Now, what about today," he continued, "First off, guessing that you'd be willing to head to the beach, I've brought some self-tanning lotion for you, so you don't look too out of place on the beach!"

I laughed self-consciously; that subject had already been of some consideration since he mentioned the beach, I had to admit.

"It's not perfect but it'll make you look less like a stick of chalk," he said with a chuckle, "I'll put it on you in a bit."

"Think of everything, don't you?" I said gratefully and Bill smiled back.

"Try to," he said, "But now it's your turn to think; so what's next?"

My mouth fell open as my mind went blank. What the hell could I say?

A moment later and I felt Bill's hand come to rest on my groin and immediately my penis started to rise. Bill's hand soon grasped him and began to rub over his growing length, helping him to expand down over my thigh. He squeezed my cock and looked at me.

"Any ideas now?" he asked with a wink.

"Yeah - let's get undressed - let's get on the bed," I said happily and Bill smiled.

"That's better; now you're thinking!" he said as he stood up and began to undo his trousers.

Working on my own trousers I led the way to my bedroom and it wasn't very long at all before we both stood there, completely naked and both with very stiff seven inch cocks at the ready.

Almost together we moved to the bed and inside a minute we'd rolled together, our lips meeting almost at once! Our bodies rubbed warmly against each other; our cocks pushing hard at our abdomens and our legs started to entwine as we welcomed each other to our bodies.

Soon Bill's hand reached down and took hold of my penis and we rolled onto our backs, my hand now finding his erection. Together we gently massaged our two penises, just enjoying feeling the lovely stiffness, smoothness and before long, the slipperiness of our cocks before Bill gently pushed our hands away and looked at me.

"Come on - it's your home - you decide," he said, "Tell me what you want to do next."

"I want to suck you," I said bravely, "I want to suck you until you cum in my mouth!"

"Good man!" said Bill cheerfully, holding his erection upright, "Come on then - I'm all yours!"

I rolled over until I was almost side-on to Bill with my chest resting on his thigh; his penis now right in front of me. I took hold of it and for a few moments I just allowed my hand to run up and down his length, just enjoying watching at close quarters how his foreskin wrinkled and slid over his knob; how small beads of precum formed and were spread over his smooth purpled knob; how his penis even smelled; hot, sexy and very desirable.

Gently I extended my tongue and moved closer and closer until my tongue lay up one side of his knob. With a smooth swipe I gathered the essence of his precum into my mouth, just loving the very slight taste on my tongue and the feeling of naughtiness inside me!

More eagerly now I leaned a little closer and with open mouth I allowed his penis to slide easily inside me until I felt it touch the back of my mouth. I stopped and backed off a bit, now concentrating on his knob, the hard ridge at its edge and the firmness of his shaft.

Above me I could hear Bill's breathing now; it was louder and perhaps a little faster.

"Mmmmmm," moaned Bill, "That's nice...use your hand too."

Understanding, I grasped his shaft as I worked on his knob and soon had a nice rhythm going; sucking, licking and rubbing his penis all at once and it was no surprise when Bill put his hand on my head and pushed me away.

"Slow down! You'll make me cum too quickly Chris," he said, "Let me have a go at you."

With almost unseemly haste we reversed positions and I'd hardly got settled on my back before I felt Bill's mouth descend onto my penis.

I gasped with pleasure and delight; his actions would have shocked me not long ago but our outing to London had awoken something wild in me and I was eager to have more!

And very soon Bill was doing to me what I'd been doing to him, his skilled tongue and flexible lips working in unison with his hand to excite and stimulate me. Soon I was jerking wildly under his hand; my orgasm not all that far away, when Bill stopped and lifted his head.

"Ah - forgot - said I'd put that lotion on you, didn't I?" he said, mentally knocking me sideways.

"But what about...?" I asked, practically panting with urgent orgasmic need.

"It can wait; good practice!" Bill replied as he got off the bed, "Now, where's a big towel?"

"Rotten sod!" I said, not nastily though, "Leaving me like this!"

"Be even better in a little while," he teased, "Does no harm to make your cock wait."

"Hmmmph!" I grunted, "Well, there's a towel on the chair - I'd got one ready anyway, just in case it might be useful for something."

I got off the bed while Bill spread the towel out and then lay back down on my front while Bill climbed on top of me, his legs astride my thighs, my erection still awaiting his return. Soon I felt the chill of the lotion being spread over my shoulders, back and flanks; then Bill moved down and began work on my buttocks and into my crack.

"Don't need any tanning there," I said, but Bill just laughed.

"Might as well do," he said without elaborating, "Won't do any harm anyway."

'Fair enough' I thought, 'It's your cream - carry on!'

Soon he was doing my legs and then I was instructed to roll over; the lotion was quick-drying, Bill told me and it wasn't long before Bill was astride my waist.

"Shut your eyes and keep your mouth closed," he said as he did my head and then worked his way down to my chest.

I opened my eyes and looked down at my body, which was already looking better and at Bill's groin whereat his penis stood firmly erect right beside mine.

His eyes followed mine and he smiled back at me.

"Don't get me all excited," he said, "Don't want my precum to leave white streaks on you!"

Quickly I averted my eyes, as if that would help!

Soon Bill was down lower and doing my legs, working now upwards towards my groin and I could feel my erection throbbing as his touch nearby stimulated my senses. I shivered all over as his fingers worked ever nearer to my cock...

"How would you like your cock, brown or white?" asked Bill mischievously, "Ahhhh - brown I think! Might as well make it match the rest of you!"

His hands moved away for a moment and then came together around my penis, each hand moist with lotion, making me jump and cry out in ecstasy.

"Oh Bill, don't...ohhhh fuck, that felt good," I moaned, as his fingers slid all over my penis, smoothing the lotion evenly everywhere.

He looked up at my face from his work and then held up his hands.

"Ok - won't then! Anyway, I've finished - give you a moment or two to dry off properly, then..."

"Then what?" I asked hopefully.

"Then you're back in charge," he said, "You were going to suck me off, weren't you?"

I'd almost forgotten my original mission but my desire to feel him erupt in my mouth soon came back as I got up and allowed Bill to lie where I'd been, while I quickly looked at myself in the wardrobe mirror.

Positively beautifully cooked all over; a lovely gentle tan that did a lot for my appearance, I thought, and even more for my esteem. Suddenly I felt part of 'the world' and not something left over from a bygone day.

Another quick look and then to work, crawling up the bed between Bill's widespread legs until I could reach his genitals with my mouth.

I considered my options and then slid my tongue up one sensitive inner thigh, through the curly hairs until I found his ballsack; crinkled and warm. I sucked hard, pulling one testicle into my mouth where I experimentally ran my tongue around and over the ball; ascertaining its size and content and feeling Bill's scrotum try to pull his ball back as it tightened up.

I let it go and repeated my actions on the other one; this one nowhere near as easy to get hold of because his scrotum had tightened up considerably from my attention.

But his penis certainly hadn't withdrawn from my touch - far from it! It reared up from my vantage point down between his legs, pointing away from me and up his body, giving me a foreshortened view, which needed improving! I squirmed further up the bed until my mouth was directly over his cock and now it looked the part; long and firm, his polished shiny purpled knob glistening with precum, his foreskin crumpled beneath the crown, the whole thing throbbing in time with his heartbeat.

"Come on Chris, get on with it!" complained Bill, but I was going to do this in my own sweet time and I ignored his plea.

But I couldn't really ignore his cock, it looked just too damn enticing and I brought a hand up so I could circle his shaft and direct his penis to my mouth. 

Slowly I lowered my face until my outstretched tongue met the tip of his cock, bringing out a moan from Bill and an ooze of precum from his penis. 

I licked it up immediately, enjoying not so much the taste, which was almost non-existent, but the feeling of control I had; of my ability to make his penis do things like twitch and shiver and ooze...

Now I allowed my lips to encircle his knob, my tongue slithering over his smooth flesh, making Bill groan loudly.

"Ooooooooh," he groaned, one hand pushing down on top of my head, "You sod you, stop teasing! Ooooooh fuck, that's not fair; come on, suck me!"

But I resisted his pressure and took my own time. I'd learnt a lot recently and now I was putting it into practice.
