 It was Sunday morning and I decided to text Drew, Aaron, and Kurt. 

[Shane]: Hey, guys. Since we haven't gotten together for a while and I miss you, how about doing breakfast or lunch? 

At least, that's what I told them. They didn't need to know the truth—Donovan was working and I needed to distract myself. 

It wasn't until I stepped out of the shower that I regretted making plans with them. It wasn't them, it was the fact it looked like Donovan had beaten my neck and chest with a golf club. How I did I not notice what he was doing? I asked myself as I moved my head from side to side and ran my fingers along each bruise. I counted one, two, three...eleven hickies. Eleven? 

If I thought about it, it kind of made sense. Donovan had flawless and impeccable skin, a youthful vibrance, and he appeared to be impossibly strong for his size—he was clearly a vampire. 

The real question was, how would I get through breakfast with the guys without any of them noticing this bout of domestic violence? 

The love bites both annoyed me and turned me on. Donovan must've enjoyed last night as much as I did to cause this much damage. I smiled at the mirror and finished drying off while catching glimpses of Donovan's passion along the way. Did I want to hide them or show them off? 

Hide them. 

I snapped a picture of the damage and sent it to Donovan. I'd just finished getting dressed when I received his reply. 

[Donovan]: Looks like you could use an iron supplement. [link to article about anemia] 

[Shane]: Funny. Or you could not eat me alive. 

I waited a minute for his reply. When it didn't come so I shoved my phone into my pocket or I'd end up staring at it for way too long. 

It was July and it was hotter than normal, but I had a neck full of bruises I needed to cover up. After a lengthy inner debate, I decided the truck had air conditioning and so would the restaurant. I grabbed a fleece and zipped it all the way up, covering most of the bites, but there were still a few that could be detected if you were paying attention. I was banking on the fact the guys wouldn't pay attention. 

****** 

He yanked my collar down, revealing the marks they weren't supposed to notice. 

"Oh, my god! Look at your neck!" Drew yelled. 

I ripped his hand away and readjusted my jacket to cover my neck as the group animatedly laughed at my expense. There was no use fighting it, so I decided to let them get it out of their system knowing, once they were over it, it would be closed business. 

"Shane has a boyfriend! Shane has a boyfriend!" Aaron sang. 

"Shane and Donovan, kissing in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G," Kurt added. 

"We haven't seen Donovan, but it doesn't look like there was much kissing happening, not mutually anyway," Aaron teased. 

The guys went on for ten minutes before they finally tired of bashing me and moved on. At least, Drew tired of it and decided to change the subject. 

"Guess who I talked to, yesterday?" 

After a few impossible possibilities were thrown out, Drew filled us in. 

"Thad! He's back in town for a few weeks and, since Eddie had to leave to help his mom, he said he'll play on the team." 

Thad was an ex of mine. He and I dated ten years ago, when we were both in our mid-twenties. We only dated because we hung out with the same people, liked the same things, and we were both gay. I guess those are valid points for a relationship but what we had was always more of a deep friendship than anything romantic. Moving in together or a long term future were never conversations that crossed our lips. After two and a half years we decided there wasn't anything solid between us, so we split but have remained friends. 

"That's great, I haven't seen him for...six or seven years," I said, after realizing how long it had been. 

"I don't think any of us have, but he's actually going to join us this morning. He just texted me that he's parking." 

"This won't be a problem with your boyfriend, will it?" Drew looked at me with concern. 

Of course, Drew would be the one concerned about Donovan in all of this. I rolled my eyes. 

"First of all, he's not my boyfriend and second of all, there's nothing to be upset about, so I don't imagine it will be an issue." 

"Mm-hmm." 

He wasn't convinced, but it didn't matter since it wasn't any of his business, so I let the conversation drop. I saw Kurt and Aaron look up and smile. When I turned around, I saw Thad Kerrington walk through the door. He'd always been good looking, but thirty-five looked to be his best year yet. 

His hair was still as blonde as ever, eyes grey sparkling. If anything had changed, it was the fact he was wearing an additional ten pounds of muscle. He walked over, smiling, and we all got up and greeted him with a round of 'hey mans' and bro hugs. 

We were in the middle of catching up when I felt my phone vibrate. I wasn't a big texter and everyone I talked to was at the table with me, so that meant only one thing, Donovan. 

[Donovan]: Not eat you alive? That's absolutely no fun, plus I didn't hear you complaining...unless the moaning and thrashing was your way of telling me you didn't like what was happening...and I doubt that. I g2g. Dinner? 

I took a deep breath and bit the inside of my cheek to stop myself from smiling too much. There was no reason to overreact because it was only Donovan saying sexual things then asking me to dinner. It wasn't a big deal. 

But it was a big deal and I smiled as if it was a big deal, and then I almost laughed because I couldn't believe how giddy I was feeling. Giddy was definitely a word my dad would've frowned upon to use when describing feelings of masculinity. 

[Shane]: It's about time I get wined and dined. 

I smiled again and put my phone away, all the while thinking about dinner with Donovan. That's when I noticed it was unusually quiet and looked up to find everyone staring at me. 

"What?" I looked around the group as they burst into laughter. 

"Oh, man, you should've seen your face." 

Aaron looked at his phone and mocked me by making dopey looking faces until Thad made a comment. 

"I'm surprised to see you so lovesick." 

Drew took it upon himself to reach over and pull my collar down, once again showing off Donovan's bites. Thad's mouth dropped with surprise. 

"I can't believe what I'm seeing. Shane Kelly with not one hickey, but a baker's dozen? This from the same guy that barely acknowledged having a boyfriend in public and would freak out at the thought of necking? Who is this man? I must meet him."  

"Donovan, and he's like no one you've ever met before," Drew gushed. 

Aaron playfully hit the back of his hand against Drew's shoulder in a joking manner. 

"It says a lot that he managed to get Shane and Drew to fall in love with him." 

We'd been teasing Drew, for a while, about how he was secretly in love with Donovan and that he was pining after a gay man. To my knowledge, he wasn't bi nor had he ever messed around with a guy before, but he'd made a few comments over the years, which made it seem like he wasn't appalled by it, either. If the right gay type situation presented itself, he might see where it went. 

We might have been joking about him and Donovan, but I knew there was a shred of truth about it and it's probably why he never really fought us on it. It didn't bother me because I understood where he was coming from and how easy it was to be attracted to Donovan. Drew turned his attention to Thad as if he were about to tell the secrets of the world to him. 

"They can joke all they want, but Donovan's a fucking badass. Hypothetically, if I was to be gay or whatever...hell ya, it'd be with him! He's nice, he's funny, he doesn't give a shit, he's good at baseball, and he's as cute as hell...you know, for a guy." 

We all laughed when he tried to shrug off his love confession as if it was no big thing. I felt my own heart swell a bit while listening to Drew talk so highly of Donovan. I knew all of the things he said were true, but it felt good to hear my friends agree. I'd been nervous they'd have a lot to say about me dating someone who was so...unlike anyone I'd ever dated before. Someone who took an hour to do his hair, had the skin of an angel, and was not the typical manly man that we were accustomed to. 

I gripped the base of Drew's neck and squeezed enough to be moderately intimidating. 

"You better watch it because he's my b—friend." I recovered quickly from my almost faux pas. 

Donovan wasn't my boyfriend, but he also wasn't not my boyfriend and the look on my face must've been amusing because the boys roared with laughter and resumed their relentless teasing. 

Kurt flicked my neck and laughed. 

"Well, he's some kind of friend to mark you up like that. Drew has a point. I'm not in love with the guy like Drew is, but Donovan's a cool dude. I think he's a good match for Shane." 

Thad looked at Aaron. 

"Drew and Kurt have been won over, what are your thoughts?" 

"Let's just say, if it came down to Shane or Donovan..." he removed his hat, put it over his heart, and bowed his head with respect. "Rest in peace, Shane. It was nice knowing you." 

The group erupted again and I punched his arm. I was smiling though and glad Donovan was so easily accepted by my friends. Thad asked more questions and my friends filled him in on pretty much every detail from baseball to the club, sex, morning after, me being weird at the bar, and on and on. 

Thad was getting a kick out of the stories and even though I was embarrassed, I loved the fact Donovan was so easily a part of the conversations. After we'd finished breakfast and were just sitting around, Thad looked at me, seriously. 

"Drew was right, this guy sounds like no one I've ever met, but I can't help but wonder...at some point, are you planning to take him home to meet your parents?" 

Specifically, he was actually asking if I was going to introduce Donovan to my dad, who we all knew wouldn't care for him too much. I hadn't known Donovan for long, but it would be a lie to say I hadn't spent a substantial amount of time worrying about my dad's reactions. It wasn't only worrying about what my dad might say or how he'd act toward him, it was also what he'd say and how he'd act toward me. 

I would've loved to say, 'if it came down to it, I'd pick love', but the truth was, as hard as my dad was sometimes, he was my dad and I loved him. He was a great father and dedicated his life to his kids. That's not something easy to walk away from or stand up against, no matter how much of an asshole he can be. I care about my dad's opinion and it was tearing me apart. 

"We're not there, yet. When and if, we do make it that far, I'm not going to hide him from my dad, but I'm not going to rush a meeting between them either. We'll see. I'm not going to overthink it." 

Lie. 

I felt my phone vibrate. This time I didn't try to contain my smile and I didn't care about the smug ass smiles my friends were wearing as they watched me. I only thought of Donovan. 

Shut the fuck up bitch! I'm happy, would've been Donovan's response and it made me smile. 

"Suck my dick. I hate you all," I flipped them off then quickly swiped my phone to read what he wrote. 

[Donovan]: Shit, you thinkin I'm gunna be your sugga daddy and yet you don't put out? Boi, you be confused as fuck. Pick me up at 7. 

Everyone watched me laugh, then eagerly responded. 

[Shane]: Oh? I have to put out to get nice things? Well, we'll see how dinner goes and maybe... 

I heard a camera phone shutter and looked up to find Kurt pointing his phone at me and laughing. Thad and Aaron leaned in, looked at Kurt's phone and immediately started laughing, too. Of course, Drew wanted in and begged to see what the commotion was and, of course, he started laughing also. 

Finally, I grabbed his phone so I could see for myself what the big deal was—it was a picture of me texting Donovan. I was biting my lip, trying to hide my smile while I intently stared at the phone. The picture was both embarrassing and cute, but mostly embarrassing. 

"Dude, you have it so bad." 

They made a few more comments before they finally moved the conversation on and started talking about going out for drinks Monday after practice, but I mostly ignoring them when I felt my phone vibrate, again. 

[Donovan]: In that case, we'll go anywhere you want. ;) 

[Shane]: Unfortunately, we can't go anywhere nice. 

[Donovan]: What? Why? I need to wine and dine you ASAP!! 8===D 

[Shane]: Maybe you should have thought about that last night before you made me look like a two dollar whore. 

[Donovan]: Maybe you shouldn't act like a two dollar whore! Or take iron sups. Dinner in? Take out? 

We texted a little while longer and finalized details. I tried to keep it toned down because I already sucked at communication and the last thing I needed was the added complication of trying to read into a text message without actual tone or facial expressions and having him misinterpret one of my texts. 

*** *** *** *** 

I picked up wings and fries and arrived at Donovan's around seven that evening. I'd wanted him to come over to my house, but it'd been torn apart from the remodel for a while and wasn't really ready for company since, depending on the phase, I was living between my house and Aaron's spare room. 

Donovan had set the table very nicely with place settings, candles, and fancy decor. I looked at his Martha Stewart presentation and smiled. 

"This is quite the set up for finger food,"I said as I set down the Styrofoam boxes full of chicken wings and French fries and started dividing them among the two plates. 

He was holding fancy cloth napkins and used one to hit my shoulder. 

"I'm trying to wine and dine you. I didn't realize you were such high maintenance." 

He started mocking me using a ridiculous valley girl tone. 

"Omg! Don't pull my shirt up because I'm a fucking virgin and we can't have sex because I'm trying to be intentional and shit. Aren't you going to take me fancy places and spend all of your spare time with me? I mean, I don't put out for nothing. Oh, wait! I look like a whore so now you have to figure out how to impress me over a plate of fucking chicken wings since I can't be seen in public." 

The way he covered his neck you'd think his carotid artery got slashed. Onec he felt like he'd made a big enough scene, he dropped his hand and smiled brightly. 

"You impress me plenty." I slid my hand around the back of his head and pulled his lips to mine. 

I gave him the most intense and passionate kiss I could manage without ripping his clothes off right there in the dining room. Everything about Donovan assaulted my senses—his silk hair, his soft and smooth skin, his sensual lips and tongue, plus he smelled happy, light, gentle, fresh, and manly—like no one I've ever known. 

I could tell he was really starting to get into the kiss because he started to grasp on to me like I might slip through his fingertips, which is exactly what I was planning on doing. As much as I wanted to take him then and there, I also thought it'd be enjoyable to build things up and keep him wanting. It's satisfying to enjoy the bounty of a slow harvest. 

I abruptly pulled away, leaving him standing against the wall, trying to collect himself, as I continued to prep dinner. 

"How many wings do you think you want?" I asked, as if nothing had just happened. 

"Oh. Uh. Whatever." 

He was panting as he staggered over and carelessly sat down on the chair. Power was a strange and addicting thing to have. I smiled as I watched him try to pretend he was unaffected by me. 

"What did you end up doing today, Shane?" 

"I went out to breakfast with the guys and Thad joined us, then I worked on my house a little, texted you, and now I'm here." 

We smiled at each other and he curiously asked. 

"Who's Thad?" 

"We all went to college together and I dated him briefly after graduation. He's in town for a few weeks and is going to be filling in on our team, now that Eddie's out." 

"An ex, huh? That's juicy," Donovan gave me a playful look. 

I laughed. "Juicy? No, we're going out for drinks Monday night, though. Would you like to come?" 

"And meet the one who got away?" 

"The one who got away? As in, an empty pop can that falls out of your truck but you're too lazy to bend over and pick it up so you watch it roll away? Sure, come and meet the one who got away." 

We laughed and both started cleaning the dinner mess. 

"Sounds fun. Where are we going?" 

"Ballers and Beers." 

Donovan jumped up and down in faux excitement. "Oh, yay! A butch night! We can all drink Jack and Coke, grunt into the wind, and stare at the slutty waitresses." 

He pretended to stick his finger down his throat and gag. I pulled him toward me as I stepped backward until I sat on one of the chairs, pulling him onto my lap. His green eyes lit up when I wrapped my arms around him and he kissed me on the lips. 

"You don't have to go, I just thought it'd be nice." 

He let out a huff as his shoulders sagged and he rolled his eyes in annoyance and...concern. 

"No, its fine. I just don't really fit in at places like that." 

His fingers were fidgeting with my shirt and he wasn't holding eye contact. His discomfort was obvious, and I felt bad that this was something he was concerned about. I squeezed his cheeks together, puckering him like a fish, and kissed his lips.  

"Don't worry, my friends like you more than they like me and they won't let anyone say or do anything to you...and neither will I." 

Encouraged by my words and maybe my kisses, Donovan sat up straight and smiled confidently. 

"I suppose, if my big, strong..." 

Panic flashed in his eyes as he looked away. I raised my brow and I waited for him to finish the sentence. Big, strong...boyfriend? Friend? Fellow ball player? One-time fuck buddy? 

He cautiously finished his statement. 

"...friend" his voice caught slightly, "...is there with his friends, everything will be okay." 

I narrowed my eyes at his use of the word friend. I wasn't going to make a big deal out of it. He clearly wasn't interested in a title change. At least, not yet. Instead, I pulled him down and kissed him, for real that time and he encouraged me by wrapping his arms around my neck and pulling us closer together. 

He straddled my lap and we made out for a while. I couldn't help but move my hands up and down the smooth skin of his back and over the curve of his waist. Starting at his hips, I traced the waistband of his pants with my fingers until they met below his navel where his pants were buttoned. 

His tight stomach trembled as I dipped my fingers and, using the fabric, I pulled his hips to mine. I kept my fingertips anchored on his pants as he rocked his hips against mine, encouraging me to unbutton him. 

I smiled at his sluttiness and decided to play with him for a while. It was only fair since I felt as though he had wrapped me tightly around his perfect little finger. I moved my hands enough to create the illusion that I was about to undo his pants. When the moment didn't come he moaned, pressed his hips forward, and kissed me harder and with more desperation than before. I was drowning so deep in lust I thought I'd never find my way to the surface again. 

He knew how to use his body with expert precision. My arousal peaked when he started sucking on my ear. I thought I might actually melt into the chair. He was gorgeous, absolutely stunning as he grinded himself against me like an erotic dancer, lost in a haze of lust. 
