 "Knowing me, I'm not going to change and this conversation is pretty much a waste of time," I said as I packed my things into a suitcase. I'd had enough. "Knowing you, you're not going to give up until you get your way and this time I'm not giving in. So if you're giving me a choice then I choose the door." I couldn't believe he had the nerve of suggesting we try a threesome. That was something I'd never had an interest in doing. I knew we had been having problems but if he thought this was the way to save our relationship he was so wrong.

"You're such a damn prude," he snapped at me. "Remember when you wouldn't try camping? Then after I forced you, you loved it and now I can't get you back inside. Every damn vacation you want to go out into the woods." 

I couldn't help but laugh out loud at his comparison. "Steven, are you fucking serious? Are you comparing camping to bringing another person into our bedroom? That's just stupid." 

"They may be different situations, but in the end they're the same thing. It's all about your being afraid of new things." He looked at me with a smirk of self-arrogance as if he'd just come to some sort of brilliant conclusion.

"No, you're not right. It's not the same thing. It's one thing to be scared of being outdoors; it's quite a different thing to pick up some stranger at a bar and bring him home with you expecting me to be ok with it! You know how I feel about sex with strangers. I didn't do it when I was single and I'm certainly not doing it now." I was sure the guy downstairs could hear me but I didn't care. This was really too much for me.

Steven grabbed me by the shoulders and sat me down on the bed. "Babe, I know I shouldn't have but after you meet him you'll change your mind." He kissed me on the cheek. "I promise if you don't like him or still feel bad after meeting him I'll send him away and I'll never bring this up again." I looked at him with contempt. I hated him so much for doing this but at the same time loved him too much not to try something he wanted so much. "At the very least meet the guy," he said. I closed my eyes and shook my head yes. 

He jumped up and down like a kid who had just gotten a new toy. He took me by the hand and quickly led me downstairs to meet his shiny new plaything. We got downstairs and I met his little twink. I must admit my cock responded before my head did. He looked to be in his early twenties with a slim build, blonde hair, green eyes, and the most dazzling white smile. He easily could have stepped out of any Abercrombie magazine, although he seemed completely unaware of his appeal and that was perhaps what was most attractive about him. He wasn't arrogant at all but was extremely sweet and polite. It almost felt like a crime, like we were taking advantage of him. But I put all those thoughts out of my head. All I wanted to think about was him in my bed. 

After some quick introductions, Steven and the boy, Alex, went at it, making out like they had been lovers for months and not just strangers. I sat on the couch and watched as they went at each other, with way too much familiarity. Something told me they'd done this before. I stood up and walked towards them. Steven grabbed my hand and pulled me to them, pulling away from the boy. He kissed me slow and deep. I wanted to pull away and scream out at him, ask him exactly just how long he had known this twink, but as usual his kisses made me forget everything and all I wanted was for him to do more.

We switched off and the boy's mouth replaced Stevens. His lips were so soft, his tongue was long and gentle. At first I could sense the boy's hesitance but soon he grew comfortable, his kisses more passionate. I found myself giving in to him, kissing him back with as much passion as he was kissing me. I was so wrapped up in the boy that I didn't notice Steven get to his knees and pull out my cock. I didn't notice until I felt the warmth of his mouth around my hardness. He did the same to Alex. He took out his large boy cock and went down on both of us at the same time. My hard cock pressed up against Alex's in Steven's mouth felt so damn good. 

Alex wrapped his arms around my neck and pulled me closer to him. I got as close as I could without falling over Steven who kept taking turns sucking us off. I pulled off the boy's shirt and let my hands caress his hairless chest. His nipples were extremely sensitive and they hardened with just a trace of my hands. I loved the way he reacted to my touch. His mouth slightly open, he barely let out a whimper as I engulfed his right nipple with my mouth, sucking on it, pulling on it, and gently biting it. I moved on to his left nipple and did the same. I just loved the feel of a smooth chest. I pulled off my own shirt and pressed my chest against his, rubbing our nipples together until mine were as hard as his. 

After about thirty minutes of cock sucking, Steven came up for air and I took a turn on both their cocks. I took Steven's fat cock in my mouth first, licked his slit clean of any traces of pre cum. Then stretching my mouth as wide as possible I took in Alex's too. Never in my life had I had two cocks in my mouth. I sucked on both of them as hard as I could, my tongue rubbing all over them. Their cocks together in my mouth felt incredible. I went down on them for as long as my jaw could stand it. After several minutes I let go of Steven's cock and concentrated solely on pleasing Alex. I worked my tongue all around his shaft, sucked on the head of his cock, milking him for that sweet cream. With my right hand I cupped his balls, gave him a tight squeeze and then another. I felt them tighten in my hand and after one more squeeze my mouth overflowed with his cum. I drank it all up, not spilling a drop of his boy juice, sucking on him for more and not stopping until he was totally soft.

After Alex dumped his load in my mouth I got up and took his mouth in mine, sharing with him the taste of his seed. His tongue explored my mouth drinking in every last drop of his boy juice. As we kissed Steven came up from behind me wrapped his big arms around my waist. He whispered in my ear: "You enjoying yourself?" I responded by pressing my ass into his fat hard cock. I was so used to the shape of his cock that he easily slid all the way inside of me. His fingers grabbed a hold of my waist and held on to me as he started to fuck me, at first slow and then harder and faster. Alex pulled his mouth off mine and got to his knees, taking me in his mouth. His tongue stroked my cock with long deep strokes. 

My fingers wrapped around Alex's blonde hair, guiding his head to match Steven's thrusts. I pushed against Steven allowed him to go deeper inside of me. I reached behind him and played with his ass. My hand slid inside his perfectly round cheeks I dug until I found his sweet spot. I pressed on it until my finger went inside. I played with him and slid a second finger and then finally a third. With my fingers I gave it to him the way he was giving it to me. He wasn't able to take much of this and soon his body was trembling and he was shooting into my ass. I pulled my fingers out of his ass and grabbed on to Alex, steadying myself as Steven dumped load after load of hot cream inside of me. 

Feeling Steven release into me sent me over the edge and once he shot his final blast, I let it rip inside Alex's mouth giving him a mouthful of cum. He took all of it, every last drop of my love juice. He sucked on the head of my cock until I couldn't cum anymore. I was so spent I couldn't do much of anything. Together Steven and I collapsed into the couch. Alex got off his knees and joined us, our bodies all intertwined. The three of us lay there motionless for the longest time. Nobody was able to move. With my cock satisfied all I could think was how easily and familiar Steven and Alex were with each other. 

Several minutes went by before I had the energy to move. I got up put on my pants and searched for my shirt. "Why are you getting dressed?" Steven asked me, his arms wrapped around Alex. They looked like the couple and I felt like the intruder. I finished getting dressed and without saying a word I grabbed my keys and made my way out the door. I couldn't get out of there quickly enough. Steven made no effort in coming after me or stopping me. Something told me he wouldn't; he had gotten what he wanted. Before I left I turned to look at them, their mouths were devouring each other's once again. They were well on their way to round number two. 

I got in my car and drove away. I needed to get as far away as possible, erase tonight from my mind. The further away I got the sicker I got. I should have known all along that things had fallen apart; his wanting to bring someone else into our bedroom was just the final straw. I guessed what they say is true sometimes: three really is a crowd.