 Edited by Rozezwild

I knew David was gay. I didn't have anything against him for that, but his sister, Lisa was fine as hell and they hung together a lot. She wasn't giving anyone any play either. I figured that if I got cool with David then maybe he could hook me up with his sister.

The problem was, David wasn't just gay he was a flamer, with the whole hips and finger snapping thing. He was humorous at times, but sometimes it was just annoying. Regardless, if David thought I was cool then I was sure he set me up with his sister.

It didn't take long for me to step up. I wasn't a bad ass or anything, but when I saw this dude giving David hell I jacked the dude up. I made it clear that David was to be left alone, and that David was a friend of mine. I should have known I'd pay for that, but Lisa was worth it.

David told Lisa and her friends what happened and the whispers started, especially when someone over heard David inviting me to their house. I wanted to crawl under a rock, but I stood firm. I didn't flinch when David put his hand on my arm.

He had told me to bring trunks I was thinking of Lisa in a bikini. When I got there it was a pool party and the closest thing to another dude being their other than me was David. It was every fine sister that I knew, and a couple of choice white girls too.

David said, "Ladies I promised you a hunk of man flesh and here he is."

Wow! The babes were like, how do you like these and this. It was all I could do to keep my jaw from falling open, and Lisa had on a thong. She had to most beautiful light brown butt-cheeks I had ever seen, and she was talking to me too.

The drunker we got, the freakier the ladies got. I think I had my hand on every piece of ass there, except for Lisa. I asked David to hook me up with Lisa, and she started flirting with me. It was about midnight before it was only Lisa, David, and I.

I was floating around in the pool with Lisa in my arms, but she was avoiding my kiss. I know I was drunk because I was begging her. She asked me if I really wanted some. I was like, hell yeah. She said there was a catch, that she and David did everything together. I was like, I don't care if he watch.

We went into her bedroom and she pulled off my trunks. I was sitting on the bed, while she knelt on the floor stroking my dick. I was like, I can't believe this fine assed bitch is about to suck my dick. I felt like I was going to cum.

She said that David wasn't just going to watch, he was going to join in. David removed her top and start massaging her naked tits. I was thinking that was a very non-gay thing to be doing. He knelt next to her, so I had to spread my legs wider to get out of his way.

They started kissing and I could see their tongues going into each other's mouths. They were brother and sister. Lisa broke their kiss and took my dick in her warm mouth. I don't know how I kept from coming. I looked down and saw that she had her hand in his trunks. I must have blinked, because I didn't see him put my dick in his mouth until he was taking it out and Lisa was putting it back into her mouth.

I was in shock. David was taking a turn at sucking my dick and I wasn't trying to stop him. Both of them had their hands on my dick stroking it when they were kissing again. What was even crazier, it felt just as good when David was sucking my dick as Lisa.

Lisa told me to get up on the bed and she got on the bed between my legs, while David removed her thong. He took off his trunks and got on the bed behind her. I thought he was about to fuck her, but he buried his face between her butt-cheeks. Lisa was moaning as she sucked on my dick and I knew it was because of what David was doing to her.

Lisa got on top of me and I knew the hand guiding me into her was David's. I had my hands on Lisa's tits while she fucked me like crazy. David was trying to get his face down there. It was so crazy. David had my balls in his mouth. They were fucking the shit out of me.

Lucky for me they would get off my dick before I got to the point where I had to cum. I was eating Lisa's pussy and they were sucking on my dick when I finally came. Both of them swallowed my cum. They kept at it until my dick was completely limp.

David went to get us something else to drink, so Lisa and I had time to talk. She said that she always thought I was cute, but David was more important to her than anything. I asked her how long had she and David been doing it, and she said since he came out the closet on his eighteenth birthday. I said other than the whole dick sucking thing, he didn't act gay. She said he does that for her, though he likes having his dick sucked. My eyes got wide and she laughed. She told me not to worry, that she wasn't going to ask me to suck his dick. I don't think I could have done that even for her.

When David got back, they did sixty-nine with David on top. Just knowing that they were brother and sister made my dick hard again. Lisa slid her head almost off the bed and called me over. At first she switched between my and David's dick, and then she put my dick to David's asshole. I was compelled to do it. My dick went right up his ass.

Lisa got from under David and move so he could eat her out while I fucked him up the butt. That was something I never thought I'd do, but looking into Lisa's eyes, I fucked David harder.

Lisa and David switched places and I was going up Lisa's ass, while she sucked his dick. I didn't even hesitate when they switch again. Hell, David did not have a hairy ass like mine. He shaved down there just like she did.

They really turned me out. I was kissing Lisa and she still had my cum in her mouth. It was sort of like sucking my own dick by proxy. The more we fucked the more I wanted to fuck both of them.

David took some pictured of me with my dick clearly inside of Lisa's spread pussy, just in case I needed to prove something. I was like all over that. I had seen pictures of just about every girl around getting fucked by somebody, but not one of Lisa. Lisa took some close-ups of David with my dick in his mouth, but not where anyone could tell it was me.

The sun came up and we decided to go to the breakfast house to get something to eat. We ran into some people we knew and Lisa showed them at she and I were together. I mean, other than kissing she was rubbing my dick through my pants.

I was ready for more when we got back. Lisa went to sleep on the bed, so I fucked David and came in his ass before I laid next Lisa. David cleaned off my dick and sucked it, while I dozed off.

The only thing was said was the Lisa and I were slamming, and David let the pictures of me and her out. Nobody knew that we were a threesome.