 It had been three weeks since I met Julian and I have spent most of my time with him. I was falling in love but I was not prepared to mention that to him, at least not just yet. I smiled at the thought of truly being in love with someone. It was a nice feeling and something I really could get used to.

Julian was at work and I was lying in the bed we have been sharing for the past three weeks; and I could feel my body coming to life as I thought about him. My hand moved down across my washboard abs and to my hard cock. And I imagined his hand was on me, stroking me as I lay there. I moaned and pushed into my hand. "Oh, Goddess that feels so good." I whispered and wished that Julian were there. However, the moment I was truly getting into it my phone rang. I hoped it was Julian and I reached for my phone but was disappointed to find that it was my father on the line.

I sighed and answered the phone. My father didn't call often and so I figured I should have my obligatory monthly conversation with him. "Hello."

"Tommy it's your father."

"I know Dad. I have caller ID on my phone. What's up?" I sighed inwardly I hated being called Tommy it's what everyone called my grandfather and I wanted nothing to do with that man or anything that related to him, that included my name.

"Where have you been? You haven't been to see me in a long time."

"Dad I came to see you last week."

"Was it last week?" Michael Franklin asked. I sighed and nodded even though my father could not see. "I know you don't like having a father in the nut house but I miss you."

"Dad you don't miss me. You never paid attention to me after Mom died..."I stopped myself not wanting to get into it. "I've been busy. I'm sorry I will come see you soon. I promise."

"What have you been doing with yourself?"

"I have been working with Jamie's Dad on his software company. I have been doing the web work for him."

"Really that is great. I am proud of you Son."

"I've also met someone." I said but instantly regretted letting the sentence slip from my lips.

"A girl?" My father asked. When I sighed he said, "You just aren't going to give up on the boys are you?" Michael asked sounding slightly agitated.

"Can't you just be happy for me, Dad?"

"Does he treat you well?"

"Yes, Dad he does." I said. "His name is Julian." My father grunted on the other end of the phone and I said, "look I have to run some errands, Dad. I really need to get going."

"Well you could come see your old man you know."

With that I hung up the phone. The mood was gone and I crawled out of bed and made my way to the shower. Once showered and dressed I left the flat and headed to town to do some grocery shopping.

 ***** *****