 Thank you for your comments about my first story. I was pleasantly surprised at the number of emails I received.

This next story happened at the same Montreal bath house as the first, but almost 15 years later. I was 33 and still in good shape. I had travelled to Montreal for a weekend of sex. Montreal is a very gay-friendly city, with a large gay quarter called "The Village". There are also over 50 bath houses in the city, which means there's one to cater to any mood you might be in.

I was staying at a very nice bath house called Aux Berges. My experience happened on a Saturday afternoon.

I was walking from floor to floor, trying to find an older man. I passed a man that I liked in one of the stairwells. He was in his late fifties or early sixties, white-haired, overweight, and much older, a grandfatherly-type. He smiled and I smiled back and we started chatting. After some small talk he started massaging my cock through my towel. Once he saw I was interested he asked if I'd like to join a friend of his and himself in their room. The idea of having two older men made my heart beat faster, and I readily agreed. We walked to his room, which was located one floor up. His hands rarely left my ass on the way up, which excited me. I was hoping the man in the room was at least as old as the first guy, and I wasn't disappointed.

We arrived at his room and he opened the door. I guess it's important to point out the Aux Berges isn't a standard bath house, but more like a gay hotel. The rooms are like real hotel rooms, not the usual closets with a piece of foam padding that qualifies as a bed. Lying on the bed was a naked man in his sixties, thin, who was watching a porn while stroking himself. I thought I was in heaven. He said something to the tune of "what have we here?" as his friend took my towel off.

Naked, I crawled on the bed and without a word began sucking the older man's already half-engorged cock. I had always wanted to be with two older men, and since the opportunity had presented itself so perfectly, I had no intention of letting it slip away by being shy. The man simply grinned and watched me suck his growing member as his friend's hands roamed over my ass and cock.

In the silent manner in which many of these anonymous encounters unfold, the man who had guided me to the room simply lay beside his friend, and I took that as a signal that he wanted some attention too. I positioned myself between them as they lay side by side and got busy. I alternated between sucking one cock and stroking the other. Soon both of their pricks were hard and slick with saliva. They talked about me as I sucked them off, almost as if I wasn't there, and it really turned me on. I had always wanted to be used by more than one older man, and this was the closest I'd come to fulfilling my fantasy. They both seemed happy to let me work on their cocks, but I was getting tired.

I lay between them and began kissing the larger of the two men. His round, smooth belly pressed against my flat stomach as we kissed. I sensed the other man moving downwards and then felt the delicious wet warmth of his mouth as he swallowed my cock. I moaned into the mouth of the man kissing me. It was exquisite; all three of us completely naked, our cocks hard, and the sexy sounds and atrocious music of the porn playing on the tv filling the room.

I felt my own climax approaching and slipped my cock out of the man's mouth before I passed the point of no return. I lay back and tried to control my breathing. During the time the gentleman had been busy sucking me, his own cock had softened. He kneeled beside my head and slid his cock back into my mouth. His friend followed his example and soon both men were kneeling on either side of my head, taking turns sliding their old cocks into my waiting mouth. I felt nasty and slutty and I was loving each and every second of it.

Once the skinnier man had become hard again, he moved down my body. He spread my legs apart and began reaming my ass. There is nothing I enjoy more than being rimmed, and I had to stop him from touching my prick as his tongue slobbered over my shaved asshole. I knew that if he had pumped my cock once or twice I would have spurted over my own tummy, and I wanted this to last as long as possible.

The fatter man was still happily leaning over my head, feeding me his meat. I used my hands on his balls and let my own saliva drip down my cheeks and chin, which seemed to turn him on. I felt a pressure on my ass, and looked down, my mouth filled with cock, to see his friend sliding his tool into my tight asshole. I haven't had very much anal experience, and usually I'm very tight, but I guess the situation had made me so hot my muscles offered almost no resistance as his cock glided into me.

I felt like I was in a porn movie, with two men filling my holes at the same time. I wanted to remember every detail: the sight of the two old men, the scent of their bodies, the way it felt to turn my head on the pillow and go from one cock to the next, my universe narrowed to these two older men's needs. It was everything I had hoped for, and it got better.

As my ass was being rammed, the fatter man pulled out of my mouth and began stroking furiously, keeping his cock inches from my head. I knew he wanted to splatter his cum over my face, to treat me like a little porn slut, and I wasn't going to disappoint him. I kept my face turned to him. His breathing became ragged. I closed my eyes and then I felt the liquid warmth of his cum on my cheek, my eyes and my ear. I felt it run down my face and soak into my hair.

Without a word, the man got up and went to the bathroom, leaving my face cumsoaked and still having my ass battered by his friend. I held onto my ankles and enjoyed the wonderful sensation of fullness as he pounded me. He didn't cum, and neither did I. His cock eventually lost its hardness and plopped out of my ass. I got up and thanked them both and we exchanged numbers. I went back to my room and masturbated quickly, unable to stand it any longer. I then fell asleep, without having cleaned my face or my body. I wanted to wake up with the man's cum crusted onto my skin.

I hope you enjoyed the story. Feel free to write me with comments if you like. 