 The internet is a wonderful thing, especially for allowing men to hook up with other men. So there I was, my cock in my hand, rubbing it slowly while signing up to a website to meet up with an older guy. I am 24 at this time, and I have little interest in guys my age. I like to be dominated, used, and told what to do and older guys fit that role much better!

I sign up to the site, and find a few men in my area one of them in particular takes my interest as he seems to be the dominant type. I send him a message and it takes him only a few minutes to reply. Excellent! He tells me he wants pictures, "no problem!" I thought. I stripped off butt naked in my bathroom and took him a picture of me naked, including my face, chest and cock. Another one of me bent over, showing the ass I so wanted him to use for his pleasure.

I sent him these pictures and he was very interested in meeting me, by this time I was SO horny I was wanking my rock hard boner at my computer begging him to drive to mine, pick me up and fuck me in his car...but he was having none of that , he wanted to meet tomorrow, he was a very discreet man who didn't want to be caught. His wife was home so had to excuse to leave to meet me, instead he will meet me tomorrow at his friends house.

I was more than happy to agree to that! I get TWO daddies? wow. deal! Oh, and I didn't ask for any pictures of him as I liked to keep it to a surprise, so I just asked him for the address, he took my number and then told me to not cum (he knew I was wanking at the time) and to ring him around 10 in the morning. I came anyway, then went to bed . heh.

The next morning I woke to a text from him at 9.50 telling me to meet him at the address for 11, I got up, had a deep wash of my body, focusing on the asshole, getting deep in there too clean it for him then left.

I got off the bus, I was feeling nervous. Very nervous, I am going to meet two guys I have never met before! But the excitement was a lot stronger than the nerves so I kept going until I was at the door. I knocked nervously and a dark skinned guy, around 45 opened the door.(I will refer to him as Daddy A) He smiled at me, he didn't need to ask my name as he obviously recognised it was me as he had seen my naked pictures the night before!

Oh, I forgot to say how I love to show myself naked online to folks, so the fact I was being recognised because of my naked pictures really got me horny! Then I thought about him showing them to the guys who's house this is and had to squeeze my cock as I walked in the door. He told me to remove my shoes and jacket and led me into the living room. He took me, and stood me between himself and his friend who was sitting down on a chair. He looked around 75. (Daddy B) 

They both was looking me up and down and then Daddy A turned me to face him and took off my t-shirt. Oh boy, I am going to be stripped naked in front of them! Live exhibitionism! I got very excited, daddy B could see my boxers sticking out above my jeans and mentioned how he loved young guys that do that. Then daddy A undid my belt, and let my jeans drop to my ankles. Then he told me to remove his shirt, and as I was unbuttoning it he was squeezing my cock and balls through my boxer shorts. Very hard! "Good Boy" he was saying. Daddy B said not to squeeze to hard, not to hurt me. I said nothing I would let him do whatever he wants. I was there to be used.

Daddy A told me to remove my boxers and socks, I did that and as I bent down to take off my socks, made sure to let daddy B see my asshole.

Because I was still nervous, my cock was only semi-hard but I was definitely loving it! I stood back up and daddy A tried to get me hard by shaking it , and pushing my foreskin back, He turned me around so daddy B could see my naked body from the front. I was enjoying being their little play thing to look at and prod and squeeze! Daddy A caressed my butt cheeks While he was taking the rest of his clothes off.

Once he was naked I turned around to see his BIG cock! I didn't expect it! wow. It was THICK and at least 9.5 inches. He told me to lay face down on the floor so he could get on top of me and rub his semi between my butt cheeks. I could feel him getting hard, and watched Daddy B watching us both while taking off his clothes.

Once daddy A got his cock rock hard from rubbing it between my cheeks he told me to turn over, I rolled onto my back and he put his cock in my face and said, "I am going to fuck your throat until you are hard, boy!" His cock was so thick, I could barely open my mouth wide enough to accommodate its girth! But I did, because I had to, because I was his little fuck toy. His cock was covered in pre-cum, It helped it slide into my throat and it tasted damn delicious! While he fucked my face I wanked off my cock, I needed it to be hard soon before I started to run out of breath! I could see daddy B rubbing his cock watching me getting face fucked! He was watching me wank which really got me going. I got hard pretty darn quick!

"Are you hard yet boy?" He asked, I nodded, still with his cock in my mouth, trying to not gag as he pushed into my throat. He looked over his shoulder and saw my rock hard cock , "MMm..."" he remarked "Nice cock for a submissive boy slut!" He stood up, his cock dripping in saliva from my mouth. He told me to get onto my knees "You're gonna put that hard boy cock to use." He told daddy B to get on the floor in front of me and bend over. 

He was already butt naked like both myself and Daddy A were, he knelt in front of me and said how he wont need any lube, as his ass is loose . I guess that comes with his age! I put on a condom and pushed against his hole. He was right about it being loose, My cock slid right on it without any sort of resistance! Was just like a wet vagina, really. I didn't hold back just because he was 75, I fucked him GOOD. Using the whole length of my cock in each thrust, smashing against his ass as I slide my entire cock in every time.

Daddy A is wanking his cock while he watches his 24 year old little boy slut fucking his 75 year old friend. He said to daddy B that I am a good little fucker, daddy B could only let out a "yesssss!!" and a loud grunt, I was obviously fucking him too hard for him to speak properly!

Daddy A then knelt behind me and told me to slow down. He wanted to fuck me while I fucked his friend. Oh wow! I pushed my cock into daddy B and lent over him, so Daddy A could spread my cheeks and poke his cock at my asshole...But he didn't poke for long . BAM! He grabbed onto me as he just shoved his THICK and LONG cock into me. It hurt SO much!! My cock was struggling to stay hard after that, but I just about managed to keep it in Daddy B's ass while I had Dadddy A's massive cock in mine. 

So there I was , sandwiched between two older men, a cock in my ass and my cock in another one's. God it was hot! I felt like the biggest slut, But I couldn't keep my cock hard for long after he shoved his dick in my ass that hard and quick, so Daddy A , with his cock still deep in my ass told Daddy B to go sit back down.

Daddy A was playing about with my ass, taking his cock almost out, and pushing it back in all the way trying to loosen me up. He told me to stand up and bend over a chair. As I bent over he told daddy B to come watch as he slid his cock back into my ass. I was loving having a guy watch my asshole being fucked! I rubbed my cock back to being hard as I was taking this massive dick. 

Daddy A didn't fuck me long, maybe a minute and half, before he told me to turn around and kneel in front of him. I did just as I was told, and as I turned I felt his big cock slide out of my ass. 

He held his cock over my face and jerked it a couple of times and said i've been a good little slut boy and he's going to share me with all his other daddy friends...and then he shot his hot cum all over my face and chest while I wanked my cock furiously, Then I noticed daddy B had been wanking his little cock the whole time he'd been watching and he walked a few steps over to me and he came all over my chest and cock. I was covered in two daddies loads of cum! Daddy A was already starting to get his clothes back on by this point to get back home before anyone notices he'd left, I told him (while covered in a LOT of cum) to wait, I am about to cum, and then I did. SO much, a fountain of spunk came flying out of my cock and covered my belly, chest and face . I was covered in so much cum! Both daddies were amazed at the amount of cum I shot and said they cant wait to show me to their friends.

Daddy A then left, and daddy B said I need to go before his wife gets home... I washed off the cum quickly in his sink and left feeling like the biggest boy slut. I loved it all.