 Okay guys so I decided to write a knew story. I got bored with my first one I started. I know this is short but the next chapter will be longer. I just wanted to post a short one to see how everyone liked it. Please be brutally honest. Thanks and Enjoy.     

*

I am not sure when I knew I was gay but when I did realize it, it turned my life around. I have lived in the small town of Smithfield, North Carolina my entire life. Being only twenty two that hasn't been very long. Now when I say a small town in North Carolina I mean small. The people here are nice but there are those who are the "you're going to burn in hell type" I try to avoid them. 

When I was eighteen I moved out of my parent's house and into an apartment with my two best friends Lynn and Rose. These two girls are like sisters to me. They were there when I came out to my parents and spent three days in the hospital after my father beat me. When my actual sister passed away they were by my side. Lynn moved to North Carolina from Florida when she was eleven. She has that stoner personality, laid back and chill, but she doesn't smoke. 

Rose is spunky red head from Staten Island, New York. She moved here when she was six. I met Rose when I when we were in middle school and the two of us met Lynn when we began work for a local fast food place. We have all be inseparable since. 

Lynn and Rose are the type of girls who have relationships often. They find a guy they like in the beginning and end up sticking with him when things go south because they just don't know when enough is enough. I wish I had that problem. It seems that guys only want to talk to me when they are looking to get laid. They guys who are interested in a relationship end up being creepers and I break it off quickly. I just haven't had luck in the guy department. It was on this day that changed. 

I was at work manning the cash register when the most beautiful man I have ever seen walked in. This guy was at least 6'2. He was lean without being all muscle, you could tell he worked out. When he walked up to my register I for some reason for got to speak. He stood there looking at me with those emerald eyes for what seemed like hours before I finally came back to planet earth,

"My name is Josh how may I help you?"

"Hey Josh," the way he said my name made me want to drool, "I would like a number three please with a water."

I quickly cashed him out. I watched as he turned to find a seat, his ass fit perfectly in those jeans he was wearing. As he took a seat next to a window the sun hit his dark spiked hair giving it an extra shine. I could just watched him all day. My thoughts where interrupted when I felt a hand come across my ass,

"Whatcha drooling over?" Rose asked as she came to stand beside me, "Ah, nice. No way that man is gay though."

"I don't know, he looks like he might. I have perfect gaydar you know." Lynn said as she came and stood on the other side of me.

We all just continued to stare until he turned towards and gave us smirk which had us quickly getting back to work. When his order was ready Lynn carried it out to him. Setting his tray down on his table see began to chat. Leave it to her to flirt with a man she swore was gay. I watch jealous as she flicks her brown hair and caresses his arm. 

I see them both look back at me and then my man take out a pin writes something on a napkin and hands it to Lynn. She is only too happy to take it heading back over to me. As she rounds the corner I grab her by the elbow and pull her to the stock room,

"Spill it! Did he give you his number? Omg you and Rose have the most luck." Speaking of the devil Rose came prancing in,

"He did give me his number," Lynn said looking at Rose and I, "But it is not for me."

"Oh I will so give him a call. I knew he wasn't gay!" Rose exclaims excitedly.

"No mam you won't, this number is for Josh. Andrew says to give him a call when you get off. He would like to take you out on a date." Lynn relies handing me the napkin.

I think I might faint. Never in a million years did I think a guy who looked like Andrew would want me. I mean I don't think I am ugly by any means. I a multi-racial guy with a few extra pounds on me. I have chocolate brown eyes and short black hair. I do know that I am not in Andrew's league though which makes me automatically know this will just be another hook up.

"I am not going to call him."

Rose and Lynn both look like they want to slap me, "Have you lost your fucking mind?," Rose ask with her thick Yankee accent that only comes out when she is mad, "That guy is so sex on a stick and he wants to take you on a date! You better call him."

"All he wants is to get laid. Guys who look like him don't date guys that look like me."

"Josh honey you have got to stop putting yourself down because of your weight. You have been working hard to lose it over the last several months and someone has finally notice." Lynn says looking me straight in the eye.

"Yes, now you are going to call Mr. Sex on a stick and make plans to go on a date with him. You say he only wants to get laid but if that was true why would he pick up a random guy working in a restaurant? He seems like someone who doesn't have trouble getting a little ass every now and then." I hear from Rose.

They are right, I have been working hard and someone has finally noticed. It is my turn to date the guy and see where it goes. This is why I love these girls. I wouldn't survive without them. I head out of the stock room to finish my shift a little happier than when the day began.

When I got home after my shift I paced my room with Andrew's number dialed. I wasn't sure if I should hit call. I mean I know what Lynn and Rose said was true but I just can't help but think what he would want with me. Was this just karma deciding to finally deal me a good hand after all the shitiness the bitch has passed my way? After taking five more minutes to talk myself into it I pressed call.

"McCloud." I hear his deep voice answer after two rings.

"Umm.... This is Josh from the restaurant. You gave my friend Lynn your number to give to me. I was just calling about that date."

"Ah, I remember. How are you?"

"I'm good, just got home from work. A little wore out."

"That's too bad. There is only one reason you should be wore out. Work is not it."

I pulled the phone away from my ear and looked at it with bug eyes. Did he really just say that?

"Look, I don't know why you wanted me to have your number but if it was just so you could get a quick lay I'm okay." I say and hang up the phone. 

Who says that to someone they don't know? I guess Karma is still on her period, bitch. I go to take a bath a soak away my regret. I really felt something when I looked into his eyes.