 I'd been on the road with Barry for over 7 months now, and it is never a dull moment. I have seen some great places and met some great people too. But meeting Barry's close friend Walter, or should I say Big Poppa; was the highlight of the week. 

Poppa is another trucker and has known Barry for over 20 years. He is 5'10, and over 350 pounds. If Poppa didn't dye his beard and hair he would look just like Santa Claus. 

We ran into Poppa outside of Little Rock at a local rest area. And Poppa immediately started in on Barry about a threesome. Barry waved him off and we hit the local diner for an early lunch. I squeezed into one of the booths and before Barry could get in next to me Poppa scooted in. Barry sat across from me and told Poppa to keep his hands to himself! I ate my lunch and listened to the crazy stories that Poppa shared. I laughed so hard my face hurt. Barry excused himself and went to the bathroom which was just the opening Poppa needing. 

No sooner had Barry left I felt Poppa grab my wrist and place my hand on his cock. I tried to pull my hand back but Poppa held it firmly against his crotch. My eyes went wide as I felt a huge cock swell under my touch. Poppa's cock was huge, I mean HUGE!! Poppa turned and smiled at me and said, "13 inches son, you think that will fit down your throat and up your ass?" I responded that I was with Barry and I would appreciate it if he would release my wrist. Poppa just laughed and said, "Come on son, you think you're the only piece of ass that Barry and I have shared? Why do you think he went to the bathroom? It was so I can convince you into taking us both on!" I was shocked! Intrigued, but shocked. 

A part of me was mad that Barry would want to share me, but the other part of me was turned on by being used by two large cocks. One in my mouth and one in my ass, being used like a pair of Chinese Fingercuffs! Before I could say anything Barry returned to the table and asked Poppa if he asked me yet? I looked at Barry with disgust in my eyes, and I swear my giant lover went pale. Barry started to say something but I cut him off. "So you want to share me with someone else now? I thought we had something special? I thought you loved me?" I said with anger in my voice. Barry tried to form words but I cut him off. "I can't believe you Barry! I can't, I can't believe you didn't ask me sooner!" 

Barry's face went from confusion to pure excitement. "Your sure?" he asked. I squeezed Poppa's huge hard cock under the table and said, "Oh yeah, I'm sure!"

Since both Barry and Poppa are large men we decided to get a motel room for the night. Poppa said he would take care of everything and to meet him at the room around 7. I wanted to get to the room early so I could shower properly and get cleaned up. As soon as we walked through the motel door I fell to the floor laughing. Poppa didn't get just any room, he got one of those cheesy honeymoon themed rooms. There was a huge heart shaped bed and a Jacuzzi tub. And rose petals scattered all over the room. I was crying I was laughing so hard. Poppa just looked at us and said, "Well I thought a special night deserved a special room." Barry told Poppa he did good and I made my way to the bathroom, as my men left to hit the bar. I told Barry I would text him when I was ready. 

I showered and cleaned up good. I then drew a hot bath so I could shave my body. I like to be nice and smooth, from my cock and balls to my tight hole. I even went the extra mile and shaved my legs and underarms too! So I was completely hairless from my neck down. I got out of the tub, dried off and got one of my large dildos and lube out. I needed to stretch things out before the boys got back. I squirted some lube on my fingers and applied it to my hole. I slowly inserted one finger and worked it in and out of my hole. God I love having my ass penetrated. I don't think there is a better feeling in the world! 

I slowly worked another finger in my ass and played with my hole more. My cock was getting harder and harder as I slowly fucked my ass with my fingers. I worked a third finger in and felt week in the knees. I pulled my fingers out and lubed up the 8" dildo. I stuck the suction cup base on the floor and slowly lowered my ass toward it. I positioned the cock head against my hole, took a deep breath, bared down and inserted the dildo in my hole. The dildo slid in with ease and like the hungry cock whore I am I rode it with vigor. It didn't take long before I was cumming. I licked my fingers clean and proceeded to clean myself up again. Once I was done I put on a sexy jock strap I had been saving for a special occasion and opened a bottle of poppers. I figured I was going to need it. I went and positioned myself on the heart shaped bed (face down, ass up of course) and waited for Barry and Poppa to arrive. 

Barry and Poppa arrived sometime after 8 and by the looks on their faces I could tell they liked what they saw. Barry closed the door and Poppa made his way to the bed, undressing the whole way. For a big man he sure did move fast. One second he was crossing the room, the next his big hands were caressing my ass. Poppa had rough hands, working mans hands and those large hands explored every part of my body. Barry casually made his way to the bed and slowly started to undress. Poppa stopped feeling me up just long enough to undress himself. Once he was naked he was all over me again. Barry leaned down and kissed me deep, told me he loved me then positioned his cock in front of my mouth. I took his cock in my mouth and started sucking on it with everything I had. I was really getting into things when I felt Poppa's tongue on my hole. His warm tongue was soon replaced with a large finger as he started working my tight hole. One finger became two, two became three, and then they were gone. Barry took his cock from my mouth and said that right now he wanted to just sit back and watch this. I was confused for a moment until I felt a large hand spread my ass cheeks and a huge mushroom head slowly pushing against my hole. 

"Are you ready for 13 inches of man meat boy?" Poppa said. I replied by pushing my ass back against his cock head. "Alright, take it then!" With that Poppa pushed hard and I felt his cock enter me. Pain radiated through me and I cried out in pain. "Take it boy, take it!" was all I heard Poppa say before he slowly withdrew to just his large mushroom head. I was relieved he had stopped and was starting to pull away from him when he grabbed me by the waist and slammed all 13 inches inside me. I screamed in pain as I was impaled by Poppa's large cock. I felt like I was going to black out when I felt Barry's hand on my chin. I looked up and he put the bottle of poppers under my nose. I inhaled deep and was lost in a fog. My ass seemed to instantly open up to accommodate Poppa's large cock, and the pleasure of that large piece of man meat thrusting into me soon had me moaning in pleasure. I stayed on all fours for a good 15 minutes before I decided I wanted to ride that beast. 

I pulled away from Poppa and with a large pop his cock slipped from my ass. I reached back and felt my hole. It was gaping open, and before this night was over I was going to be gaping even wider! I told Poppa to lay on the bed and he complied. I positioned myself over his cock and started to suck on his large bear balls, and glistening shaft. I licked up and down his cock and paid special attention to that large mushroom head. I knew I couldn't take his entire cock in my throat, but I was sure going to try! I opened wide and took his cock in my mouth. I sucked him all the way to the back of my throat before I started to gag. I took a deep breath, swallowed and took his cock another few inches down my throat. Poppa moaned and grabbed my head with his large hands and started to fuck my throat. I started to gag and choke before Poppa let go of my head and I was able to come up for air. He smiled at me and I couldn't help but smile back. But I wasn't done, I wanted to feel that large cock in my ass again!

I climbed up on Poppa and positioned his large cock against my hole. I looked him the eyes, blew him a kiss and lowered myself on his cock. The pleasure of that large cock in my ass was like heaven on earth, but I needed more. I lowered myself until I felt Poppa's balls touch my ass. I had his entire 13 inches inside of me! I slowly started to rock forward and backward on Poppa's cock, and before long was riding that monster like it was the last cock on earth. I was hopping up and down so much my thighs were starting to burn, but I wasn't going to stop until I felt this man cumming in my hungry hole! 

Up and down, up and down I rode that cock until Poppa started to grunt, and shout out that he was going to cum. That was all I needed to hear, I leaned forward and pinched Poppa's nipples hard and slammed my ass down hard on his cock. He screamed out and shot his hot load deep in my ass! I rode Poppa until I had every last drop of his cum and then I climbed off of that magnificent cock. His warm cum started to ooze from my gaping ass and run down my thighs. Barry moved towards me and started to gather Poppa's cum from my ass and thighs and feed it to me. I licked Barry's hand clean and kissed him deep. He hugged me close and whispered in my ear that that was the hottest thing he had ever seen in his life. I smiled and told him that I love him and would do anything to please him. He whispered back that that was good, because I was about to be put on a spit by two large cocks!

My head was swimming with delight. My tight ass was getting fucked by a 10 inch cock and I had a hard again 13 inch monster using my throat. I thought I was going to lose consciousness when Poppa pulled his cock out of my mouth and started to shoot his load on my face. I was able to get a big breath of air before he shoved his cock back down my throat and continued to feed me his cum. The sight of seeing Poppa cumming on my face and down my throat must have sent Barry over the edge, because he rammed hard into my ass and shot his big load deep inside my bowels. I could feel Barry's cock spasming inside me, and I knew he had filled my ass with a huge load. I love having a load in my ass; it makes me feel like a whore as is slowly leaks out and runs down my legs hours after its deposit. What can I say, I love cum!! 

Poppa had finally pulled his cock from my mouth and I was once again able to breathe freely. This was the first time I had been in a threesome, and I have to say I loved it! Barry pulled his flaccid cock out of my ass and pulled me close. I love it when my big man wraps his arms around me and holds me tight. He kissed me deep and whispered in my ear that he loved me!