 It was Sunday night when everyone in the crib was knocked out sleep. I was still up because I couldn't sleep. My room is in the basement, pretty nice really. I have my own bathroom, and I have my own entrance, so I kinda just bury myself in my room most days. We ate Sunday dinner as a family. For once nobody fell out over dumb shit tonight so I'd say it went well...lol.

My oldest brother is 29. He's just finished college. He went to med school. So I didn't really come around that often but when he did it was always fun. He brought two of his friends the also came out of school wit him. The all were going to be sharing an apartment. I hadn't seen it yet but my brother said it was nice. That everyone had there own space so it should be coo. Now to me only, one of his friends really stuck out to me and that was Da'nah. He was tall and dark (just like I love 'em) he had a nice smile, clean hands, sexy-ass lips. He was a sight to fuckin' look at. He had on tan dress pants, a peanut butter Armani sweater, chocolate brown leather Prada's.

He always looked so fly to me. I normally like hood niggas, but he was just ummmm like that damn good looking and he had swag. He wasn't like a square though just paid and educated. Sitting in my room I just laid there and all I could think about was what I saw earlier.

When I saw him sit down at the table he pulled his pants back to be seated I saw the biggest bulge in his lap. I got so damn hard. I couldn't believe it and I was glued to it. He caught me and shook his pants a lil to let me get a better look. I just looked up and he was watching me. He smiled and I just licked my lips and shook my head. I wanted it, I wanted it bad.

Lying in my bed I just thought bout what it would be like. With that I got up and went upstairs to get something to drink.

I thought everyone was sleep so I just went up in my boxer briefs and beater on. When I got up the steps my brother was in the kitchen talkinj' to Da'Nah. I said, "Oh shit brah I didn't know you were still here, I thought everybody was sleep.

Standing there wit a half hard dick. I was a li'l shocked, so I was covering myself a lil' bit. My brother just looked at me and said, "Lil' nigga we ain't looking at you, it's like 2 in the morning and you still up; come in here and get what you gonna get and take ya half naked ass back to ya room." I didn't even care what he was saying 'cause his friend was already licking his lips.

I just laughed it off and poured me some apple juice, as I walked out the kitchen I bent over to get a nothing that was on the floor (lol) just to show off my ass, and then went back down stairs.

About an hour passed and I had smoked my half a blunt, turned my lights out, and my TV was off. It was pitch dark in my room except for me having had the bathroom light on wit the door cracked. I began to dose off when I heard footsteps coming down my steps. I figured it was just my brother 'bout to start talkin' his shit bout walkin' through the house like that so I just laid there and played super sleep.

I heard the bathroom door shut and pants drop and the sound of a nigga taking shit off. Now I'm laying there thinking what that fuck is going on? I felt someone moving towards me then slid in the bed behind me.

I had to know who it was but it was dark...

The thought of what could happen made me just lay extra still...I could feel my heart race, my forehead began to sweat. When I felt this body pull my blanket up then slid in my bed behind me. I thought what the hell is going on? And who tha fuck is this?

Too scared to move, I still laid there in complete silence. That's when I began to smell this mix of Hennesy and Allure by Chanel cologne. That's when I freaked out it was my brother other friend. Not tha fuckin' chocolate drop I would have wanted to have been. Shit if it was going down like this I would've just turned around and started kissing him.

Ma'kye wasn't ugly at all he was handsome. He stood 6'0, light skin, curly hair (I think he was mixed), corn rolls and big pink lips. He just wasn't my type. I never really saw him as a prospect to fuck. I spoke when I saw him but I never even looked his way other than that.

So I said to him, "Yo what tha fuck you doing?"

He threw his big hand on my mouth and said, "Lil nigga listen to me and this shit will be good to you as I know it's going to be to me, don't try none of that screaming shit cause its gonna ne worse for you. You hear me nigga?"

I could feel his wet lips on my ear as he spoke and it kinda of turn me on. I wasn't going to tell or show him that though. I agreed and he removed his hand. So he began kissing my neck and sucking my shit hard. I asked him, "Why you doing this to me yo? I thought you was my brother's boy."

He told me, "I saw you checking Da'nah out nigga. I know you wit it. I just wanted to beat that nigga to it and get some of this sweet 19 yr old pie.". He spoke in between sucking and kissing my neck. I began to moan still trying not to give in. The made shit worst this nigga just started to rip my briefs off. It only took two tugs and he had them tore in half.

I said to him, "Damn nigga you didn't even ask you just gonna take it!"

He just said, " don't give a fuck what you say lil nigga imma get me some of this sweet fuckin' pie tonight."

I couldn't believe this shit he don't even give a fuck. So I told him to hold tha fuck up a min. When I tried to get up he pinned me with his strong leg and pulled me into him. My thick ass greeted this big long throbbing rod; I was scared as fuck now. I had never had a dick this big and thick in me ever. He grabbed me by the hips and told me to take that shirt and shit off. As I pulled my shirt off I felt his smooth chest to my back that when I realized he was buck naked. He pulled my torn boxer briefs off and began to slide his thick long as middle finger in my ass. I heard him spit and then I felt two fingers. It was feelin' good, so I pushed back and began to grind my as on them. Before I knew it he had me on my back legs in the air, his face buried in my ass licking and spitting in my hole. It felt so good feeling his goatee and mustache tickle my hole.

When he ate all he wanted he said, "Yeah lil nigga, that pie sweeter than I thought ummm... I see you like tha way I eat. Now lemme show you how I beat. Get them legs up" I did as I was told, he slid the head of that dick in me and I gasp for air. He slid another two inches in and I pushed out like I was going to shit. That drove him crazy and he slid all 11 inches in me. I couldn't take it, It had my legs shaking and he loved it. He said, "Yeah that's it, take all that dick. Fuck this pie tight lil nigga. Let big daddy in there...ahhhhh damn boy gimme that pie!"

He was pumping me so hard I couldn't speak I just gave it up. My ass was so full I couldn't move. He just bit my nipples and pumped my tight wet lil pussy till he really was over tha top. He picked me up threw my legs around his waist and told me to hold on. I did and he pounded me standing up. "Uhhhhh uhhhh damn lil nigga who ya big daddy?"

"You my big daddy fuck this pussy it's yours."

"Damn nigga don't say that..ahhhh this pie good, don't say that..."

"Fuck ya ass big daddy it's yours."

"Ummmm it mine's nigga; can I bust in my pie baby, can I bust in my sweet pie nigga?"

Still pumping me I replied, "Yeah baby it's yours; give that nut ahhhhhhhh fucccckkkk give me thaaat nuuut..."

He came so hard in me; I held on to him so tight and I was shaking I didn't know why, when I felt his dick slide out of me, he put me down. Cum dripped down my leg and I felt nut drip down my chest. I had cum and hadn't even touched my dick. That nigga fucked the nut right out me!