 "He's not merchandise. I'm buying him." Mr Baxter stated firmly. My breath hitched and I stared, wide-eyed at him. The Boss laughed.

"We haven't even discussed price!" 

"30,000." Came the immediate reply. I choked on my spit and Mr Baxter looked at me out of the corner of his eye. "Worth every dollar." He muttered, and I blushed fiercely. The Boss seemed a bit stunned too.

"Well, I'm not going to stop you if you want to give me that. It's ten grand above what I would've offered."

"Well I want him now, so use that as an incentive to hurry up. And if you have any of his things, I want you to give them back." The Boss frowned at this and sighed.

"Fine. Luke!" He shouted and the small man scurried over.

"Yes, Boss?" 

"Find this kid's bag and phone, quickly. They're in my office." Luke looked at me and stared at my eyes, fear tinting his face. I frowned and snapped my teeth at him with a smirk and he scurried away. The two other men chuckled and I blushed.

"How old are you?" Mr Baxter asked. I head my head high.

"Eighteen." I stated proudly. The Boss raised an eyebrow.

"You look older." He stated.

"I act older." I quibbled back immediately. They laughed. 

Luke returned with my things, slightly out of breath. Mr Baxter pulled a check book from his coat pocket and scribbled the needed information. Luke stared at me. He continued to do so as the Boss took my stuff from him.

"Like what you see?" I spat sarcastically. He growled a no. "Then stop staring at me, you fowl little toad." He started to march towards me but the Boss mutely backhanded him. He flipped me off as he rubbed his face. "You would." I spat. He turned and stormed away. I looked back at the two men and turned scarlet at their smirks. I shushed them, Mr Baxter raised an eyebrow in a way that clearly said 'do you really want to do that?' "Sorry sir, habit." He nodded and the Boss came foreword to unlock my chains. Once he freed my hands I pushed my bangs back into place automatically. I mutely held out my hands for my things, the Boss looking to Mr Baxter for permission. He nodded and I took my things. Much was nonverbal, seeing as the volume of the...market place, I suppose, had gotten quite loud as more people flooded in. I was quite surprised in all honesty of the number of men and women frequenting the underground here.

I was snapped out of my thoughts by Mr Baxter grabbing a strand of my hair and tugging sharply. I turned to face him, his thin lips twisted into a smirk. 

"Coming bitch?" He asked down at me. I smiled back.

"Am I allowed to sir?" I quipped and he laughed. Instead of giving me an answer he simply grabbed my wrist and pulled me along.

"Russell!" Jaclyn all but screamed as I started to go. I looked back to see her wriggling frantically, startling the thin feminine woman standing in front of her. I jerked away from Mr. Baxter and ran over to her. I grabbed her shoulders and petted her hair in a soothing manner.

"Jaclyn, it's fine, shush..." I said soothingly. "I'm happy with this." 

"What about me?" She sobbed. I turned to the Boss.

"Promise me she'll go to someone good." I stated, almost threatened; an unsaid 'or else' hanging in the air as I glowered at him. At first he looked as if he was going to laugh, then he seemed to see something in my eyes, and looked a little afraid.

"All my clients are good–" He started, but stopped at the raised eyebrow I cast towards him. "But I'll watch out for her." 

"'Good." I stated, turning back to Jaclyn. "See nothing to worry about. You'll be alright. See ya on the other side, love." I said with a peck on her cheek, before scurrying off to Mr Baxter, who looked at me oddly. I peered up at him. "Are we going to go now sir?" I cooed. He laughed heartily and slid an arm around my waist. I immediately tensed at the action but he seemed too distracted as he remarked to the Boss.

"I'm going to have my time cut out with this one!" 

His arm remained around my waist as he pulled me through the crowd. Several people checked me out and I blushed under their scrutiny. The crowed parted for Mr Baxter and his no-nonsense gait that I had to scurry to keep up with on my shorter legs. Mr Baxter pulled me up a flight of stairs and into a cozy bar. It smelled of alcohol and wood varnish with several television screens playing various games. The place was lit with dim yellow lights as it was now nighttime, about four in the morning according to a clock on a wall behind the bartender. We continued out of the empty bar and outside. 

I shivered as I was hit with a blast of frigid winter wind. I curled into Mr Baxter's warm side despite myself. I wasn't very touchy with strangers, but, all things considered, this wasn't exactly a normal situation. He glanced down at me and, to my surprise, took off his leather jacket and slipped it around my shoulders. It was very warm from his body heat. I looked up at him a little confused yet said nothing. He didn't speak either, just slid his arm around my waist and continued foreword. He led me down the sidewalk and around the corner, stopping in front of a shiny black limo. A man quickly jumped out of the car and opened the door for the expectant Mr Baxter.

"Back so soon?" The man was short and a little pudgy, likely in his late twenties, with sandy brown hair and a patch of acne on his neck. The man then noticed me. Under the light of the lamppost, I suppose I looked even smaller then I already was. "Oo, she's cute. But I though--" Mr Baxter cut off the man I was now glaring at.

"His name is Russell, Anthony." Anthony laughed and Mr Baxter got into the car, sliding me ever and pulling me along with him.

I openly stared at the interior of the vehicle, never having been inside a limo before. Anthony closed the door and walked around to hop in the drivers seat. 

I expected the chauffeur to ask his boss where he wished to go, but he simply started driving through the dark town. I squirmed slightly in my seat, my boner growing quite uncomfortable so close to my new master. His one arm remained around my waist, tracing patterns into my side once I removed the jacket, the other hand resting on my knee. I looked up at him, wanting to take a better look at his features, but was startled as he was staring at me, a smirk twisting his features.

"Let's see what I paid for now." He growled sensually, sliding his hand up my thigh. I whined softly as he gently traced his fingers over my sensitive cock through the jeans, the member twitching at his master's touch. "Something wrong, bitch?" He cooed, continuing to run feathery touches over my cock; not enough to cause an orgasm but it was erotic and soon had me wishing he'd do something more. 

"No sir...." I managed to moan out. He chuckled and suddenly grabbed my balls and cock firmly. I cried out and bucked into his hands as he continued to knead my cock. 

"My my, aren't you a horny bitch? I bet you'd cum in your pants like a fucking virgin if I kept this up, wouldn't you?" He sneered down at me, working his hand harder and sliding his other hand up my shirt. I yelped as he pinched my nipple and twisted. "I asked you a question bitch, now answer it!" He growled down at me.

"Yes sir!" I whined. He did not release his hold on my nipple, if anything he twisted harder. "I'm going to cum if you keep doing that sir! Please..." I trailed off for a moment as he released my nipple. "Take me out sir." I was awkward; I didn't know how to talk dirty well, plus my mind was severely stunted at that moment. He pulled his hands away, instead turning me on the wide seat to face my master. He pinned me against the wall of the vehicle, straddled my hips and smirked at my discomfort. I could feel his cock gently brushing against mine. I moaned as I bucked my hips and ground our cocks together, bringing me dangerously close to climaxing, his breath hitching before he slapped my cheek hard. 

"What do you thing you're doing, you fucking bitch?" He growled, inches from my face. "If you cum without permission I will fuck you so hard you can't walk for a month and then whip your still dripping ass, got it bitch?" I whined and nodded, barely stopping myself from bucking against him until I came, it wouldn't have taken very long at all. He then lunged forward and bit down on my neck, making me cry out, then moan as he chewed and sucked on the sensitive flesh. I knew he would leave an incredibly dark hickey on my neck and I was thrilled my master would give me such a mark.

"Sir, please," I begged. "I'm going to cum sir..." I couldn't hold it back anymore, I was quivering from the effort. He pulled away. The impending orgasm faded slightly and I sighed. 

"Strip." Maser commanded darkly. His pupils were dilated and I could see his cock straining to be released in the dim lights of the limousine. I tentatively responded, untying my shoes with clumsy, shaking fingers and hurriedly pulling off the rest of my clothing, cursing silently when I got stuck on the stubborn belt. It was then that Master grew impatient. He grabbed my belt and jerked me forward so I almost fell onto him. He undid the belt and jerked my pants down, before I self-consciously kicked them off.

"Get on your hands and knees, on the seat, facing the door." He pointed next to him and I crawled on the seat, not liking the feel of my cock completely o-natural. 

I cried out as he stuck his tongue into my asshole without warning. I couldn't stop it as I climaxed. I bucked erratically and my arms gave out. It took me several moments to figure out why I felt just as horny and the seat was not covered in cum. He had placed a clamp on my cock, blocking the flow of cum.

"You naughty bitch!" Master growled, slapping my ass hard. I cried out, whimpering as he gently rubbed the reddening flesh. "You got one free, next time you will be punished much mor severely than this," he spanked the other cheek and did not rub it that time. "Is that clear?" 

"Yes sir, thank you sir." I muttered. "Sorry to displease you sir..." I felt master pause behind me. He pulled me up by my arm and into his lap, sinking his teeth into my neck again. I moaned and as he pulled away I saw the dribble of blood from the corner of his mouth. I leaned and licked it off, hoping this would not anger him. He grabbed a fistful of my russet hair and for a moment I thought it had, but all coherent thought left me as he took my lips with his. I didn't kiss back immediately, too stunned; but then I whined and kissed back my master roughly. His hard chest shook softly as he laughed, before penetrating my mouth with his tongue. I moaned softly, my breathing becoming quite ragged. Suddenly my master pulled away, a thin trail of saliva connecting his tongue, protruding form a pair of thin smirking lips, and my gasping mouth. 

Master lunged forward and pinned me on the seat on my back, my legs hooked over his shoulders as he stared hungrily down at me, lingering on my hard cock standing at full mast with a large bead of precum forming at the head of my circumcised member. My master placed two fingers on my lips with the simple command of "suck bitch." I parted my lips, eagerly taking in the fingers and swirling my moist tongue around the digits, sliding the muscle between them, making them as lubricated as I could, knowing where those fingers would be going next; I was quite glad his nails were not long.

He slid a finger into my taut ass and I let out a high mewl of painful delight.

"You're a fucking whore, aren't you? You love having your ass fingered, don't you slut?" He sneered as he trust his finger in my ass roughly. I whined and bucked against him; trying to fuck myself on his finger practically."Stop it and answer the fucking question!" He growled. "Or I'll just fuck you now, without stretching you out you tight bitch."

"Yes sir! I am your whore sir and I love your fingers fucking my ass Master!" I whined, my eyes begging Master to please hurry. As if hearing my silent plea, or perhaps rewarding me for my slutty answer, he slid the second in my clenched hole and I forced myself to relax. He slid the slick fingers in and out of my ass rapidly, scissoring and moving them to stretch out my hole. Three would've been better, but Master didn't want to take the extra time or wanted it to hurt, and by God, so did I.

"Master," I begged, "please..." Trying to restrain myself from gyrating my hips to get wonderful friction from those long fingers was no easy task.

"Please what, bitch?" Master cooed with a smirk. He wanted me to say it. I knew it would sound stupid, but my cheeks wouldn't get any redder, and I wanted him to loose that cool calm.

"Please Master, fuck my ass like the fucking whore I am! I want to feel you pounding your cock into me and making me cry out in blissful agony sir! Cum in my ass and make me your bitch!" I begged, my dark, lust-filled, half-lidded eyes staring into his sapphire orbs wide with surprise at my sudden dirty mouth. Master smirked cruelly, precum steadily weeping from the slit of my cock onto my stomach. 

"Oh, I will, my horny bitch."