 Following the footsteps of my father I wanted to learn how to play piano. But attending a tutor's class turned out to be a lot more than tickling the ivories!

I guess it didn't take me long to realize Derek aimed to show me more than just how to play a piano. It was just the way he'd close up behind me and extended his arms each side of me as I sat on the piano stool to 'show me the notes.'

We went through some Chopin, Mozart and `Handel variations from sheet music, which I had just about got the hang of but I had in mind being a jazz pianist.

"That may well as be" Derek snuffed, but first things first, we need to start with the simple rudimentary things first.

I went through the simple scales and soon picked up the first lesson without to much ado. Despite the touch and feeling Derek who's fingers, besides tickling the ivories seemed to be delving suggestively between my crotch as I followed the lesson.

At first I thought it was just accidental because of his position standing behind me and that was standard.

But it didn't happen just once, when I was in the middle of my Clare-de-lune piece his hand definitely slipped down over my crotch.

"You are doing so well Peter, but then I knew you would, you have a natural ability which I guess follows on from your Father's teaching, You will pick it up quickly" and all the time his fingers were moving down there, bunching and squeezing like it was the most natural thing in the world to do whilst he praised my efforts on the piano forte.

The thing is it was rather enjoyable to say the least and the inclination to be homo sexually aroused was very evident as I opened my thighs and let him pursue what he was doing and it was lovely and soothing.

"I do think the world of you, Pete and was so glad when you accepted my offer to teach you piano" then I felt the thrill as he started to undo my trouser zip and feel me over my briefs underneath.

Holding my head back I felt the ecstasy of his touch, those gentle piano playing finger tips soothing my growing cock.

"Just relax Peter and enjoy. You feel so good, you are divine. Let me take it out so I can suck you." Derek soon came to the point and I was in a daze as he made me feel so good, the things he was doing down there, with me seated on the edge of the piano stool which he'd around, enabling an easier stance to what he had in mind.

This was going to be my very first oral experience and at eighteen Long overdue, But the truth be known I had been confused since I reached puberty, I dated a girl but that came to nothing, somehow girls weren't for me, but now, I was beginning to realize what was!

"Just let me strip you, these just get in the way" Derek said and lifting my bum, I helped him take my trousers off, Then I started to down my briefs but Derek said not to, because I looked so adorable and 'funky' in them and feeling his face indulge in some gentle presses into my brief laden crotch I could see this was something that really turned him on, the pressing, the sniffing and the licking over my briefs told me that.

All this was so very new to me, to be enjoyed by another guy, and older guy at that - but the joy and feel of his doings were absolutely wonderful and somehow I felt so very comfortable with this guy who must be twenty years my senior.

Eventually he slipped my briefs down to my knees and examined my credentials, as he called them, and I could see he was getting very worked up as he so gorgeously slipped back my foreskin and muttered compliments about my cock. It was growing like I couldn't believe whilst being in another's company, this was a far cry from my private wanks, being so brazen with this guy and watching what he was doing to me.

"It is lovely, I love the scent and the prominence, and he was gently caressing my balls as he sniffed up to my p-hole and ventured to stick his tongue into it. I already felt the sensitivity of his touch but this was out of this world, and my cock was jerking on its own steam like never before, and watching, I saw him slowly take the head between his lips and start to very slowly suck. I felt the wonderful thrill of that and pushed myself out to him, standing up as, on his knees, he took me to the full and I was marveling at just how he got it all inside his mouth.

That sheer feel of his jaw moving and masturbating me with his mouth was so wonderfully soothing and II felt like he could have done that all day.

He must have been so hungry for it and when he came up for air, I still felt it was inside his throat, it was throbbing like hell and I wanted him to do more, I felt I was left in the lurch and craved for him to finish me off and he gave me a real stiff frigging that was absolutely adorable.

"That feel so good, I love the feel of you, the touch and taste of you" and still wanking me he started to stroke my ass and I felt the fingers of his free hand delve between my ass cheeks and then his fingers started to rim me I guess I knew what he wanted of me then.

Still wanking me he sucked me some more, and I really felt I wanted him inside me. It was something I was learning about myself and it was like Derek knew.

"I'm coming -I'm coming" I yelled feeling his busy fingers working me to a crescendo, and I was there, feeling the relief of that special experience guys crave for and there was Derek hungrily sucking me up. But then his stance changed considerably and he put a CD into the recorder beside the piano.

"I have always fancied a fuck to the 1812 overture," he said roughly pushing me over the edge of the baby grand and I instantly knew what he was about as he smothered my ass with some lubricating jelly that seemed to appear from nowhere, like he knew this was going to happen, like he knew he would have his wicked way with me.

"You have the most desirous asshole" he said and soon he was having his eats of me there too, he'd eaten my cock and creamed me, now he was enjoying me there and it was like nothing would stop him, he was like an animal and somehow I wanted that, I was all ass for him and said so, and when at last I felt his stiffness begin to open me, I knew it would hurt. I gritted my teeth and resisted the initial pain as he went for it.

The sound 1812 overture started to rev up to the final with the guns firing and already he was fucking my virgin hole into a frenzy, the pain had dissolved into numbness and I felt him trust it into me like a wild animal as soon the guns sounded, and so did he with a loud growl, and he was here, spurting his fuck into me.

Afterwards he smiled, patted me on the ass and said I was the best that he would see me tomorrow and he would introduce to a second tutor, who would teach me a few more notes.

I guess I knew the score and the idea of being taught the piano came with a bonus.