 The rest of the week went by extremely slow. I could not get him out of my mind. Of coursed Lynn and Rose gave me hell for telling him off. It must have worked because I hadn't heard from him since that night. I am okay with that...... at least that is what I keep trying to myself. It's like he has just crawled into my soul and won't leave. I can't even escape him in my dreams. He is just everywhere. 

It's Friday night and Lynn and Rose have talked me into going out with them. Going out is something we try to do at least twice a month. Dancing is just a way for me to clear my mind. To let go of the week and kind of escape into my own world. As far as Lynn and Rose are concerned it is just a way to meet guys. 

"Still thinking about Mr. Sex on a stick?" Lynn ask plopping down beside me on the couch.

"Is it that obvious? I don't know what it is. I can't get him out of my head"

"Then why the hell haven't you called him back?" Rose ask coming and taking the seat on the other side of me.

"He obviously isn't interested in more than sex. He hasn't tried to contact me since I told him I wasn't just some piece of ass."

They both grabbed one of my hands, Lynn giving it a squeeze,

"Let's go out tonight, get drunk and forget all about that dick."

"I second that." Rose said standing up bringing me with her.

We headed out the door and I left all thoughts of Andrew on the front step.

#

We arrived at Sibro, a gay club we happened upon in Raleigh several years ago. Sibro has been our go to place ever since. Lynn and Rose love it because they meet some pretty sexy straight men there and I love it because they play the best music. When we go out I am usually the designated driver, I am not much of a drinker. Tonight I wanted to get wasted. I don't know what came over me but as soon as we got inside I headed for the bar, ordered two shots and knocked them back. 

Lynn and Rose grabbed me away from the bar and we headed to the dance floor. I let the music flow through me, taking over and letting my body move to the beat. Music and dancing where always an escape for me. I could get lost in someone else's world and not have to think about the troubles in mine. 

We danced for a couple songs and then went to the bar for shots and then danced some more. It became a pattern shots and dancing. A couple of hours in, during a good song, I felt a pair of hands slide around my hips and pull me against a toned body. My eyes went wide in shock but I quickly got over that. I could tell from looks on Lynn and Roses faces that the man behind me was worth dancing with. 

When we came to Sibro I never really danced with anyone, not that I didn't want to, but guys here didn't really go for the chubbies. I was also very intoxicated, which gave me a confidence boost. I gave the man behind me a good show and when the song ended and I turned around to see who decided to give me a pity dance my mouth hit the floor, Mr. Sex on a stick... Andrew. 

I was instantly sober. He gave me that cocky smirk and went to wrap his arms back around me and I gave him a push. I went over to Lynn and Rose to let them know I was leaving. They said they would leave with me but I told them not to worry about it. They had two guys who had been hung on them all night, I would take a cab. 

I pushed passed Andrew and headed for the door. I could feel him moving behind me. When I got outside I turned on him,

"Why are you following me?"

"I just want to talk..... and to apologize."

Wasn't expecting that, "Really? Let's hear it then."

I could tell he was hating this and I was loving it,

"Look I came on a little strong. When I came in that day you where working I wasn't expecting to see your adorable ass behind the counter. The way you looked at me like you wanted to lick me up and down didn't exactly help," I would give him that, "I watched you while I ate and I knew I had to get you to go out with me. Your friend was only too happy to help. I don't usually go straight in to talking about sex with someone but you just kind of brought it out of me."

I stood and studied him. I could see the sincerity in his eye. I just didn't understand why he wanted me. I am 5'9, with black hair, brown eyes, and I am chubby. Guys who look like him never went for a guys like me unless it was for one thing. I could see him waiting for a reply,

"Apology accepted," he let out a breath, "I'm sorry about overreacting. It's not like you came right out and asked to fuck me. I just have a hard time trusting guys. I will think about that date. Have a good night." I turned to get a cab and he grabbed my elbow send a spark up my arm that traveled throughout my entire body.

"At least let me take you home." He said with that intoxicating smile.

"Fine."

He slid his hand down my arm hooked his fingers through mine. I thought I was going to have a heart attack. As we walked to his car I could see people looking at us. The unasked questions in their heads, what is he doing with him? He could do so much better. The more looks we got the more uncomfortable I felt. I tried to pull my hand from his but he gave me a stern look and tightened his grip,

"People are staring." I whispered.

"I don't give a fuck." He shot back. 

As we rounded the corner at the end of the street he brought me to the door a black Mercedes Benz,

"Nice car." I said whistling.

"She is okay. I just use her for the city. I have another I use for special occasions."

Another for special occasions. He has looks and money. If that doesn't say playboy I don't know what does. He opened the door for me and waited for me to slide in shutting it behind me. Jogging around he slipped in the driver's seat. Starting the car the soft voice of Adele filled the speakers. I was impressed. Pulling out onto the street he took my hand again. I looked at him,

"What he asked?" He asked.

I thought about asking why in the hell he wanted me. Was I going to be his charity fuck for this month? I decided to just enjoy it while it lasted.

"Nothing." I said smiling. He gave an amazing one back.

I would let him take me out which I am sure would lead to sex later and I would just take like a man when I didn't hear from him after. I gave him directions to my place and he got there quickly, too quickly. During the ride we talked about many things. He told me he was twenty eight, and an attorney for one of the biggest law firms in Raleigh. I told him I was undecided at to what I wanted to do and about how I didn't have the money to waste on school until I was sure about what career I wanted to go into. 

I told him about my Jesus freak parents and how they disowned me. He wasn't too happy about that. We laughed and joked. All in all, it was the best forty five minutes of my life. When he pulled up outside of my apartment building he hoped out and a came around to open my door,

"I'm not a woman you know. I do know how to get out of a car."

"It's just called manner Josh." I liked the way he said my name.

He walked me to the front door and stood while I fished my keys out of my pocket. When I was ready to go inside I looked up to say thank you and saw a look in his eyes, a hunger,

"I'm going to kiss you." He said grabbing the back of my head and slamming his lips on mine before I had chance to protest.

When I felt his soft lips move across mine I was glad I didn't try to protest. My heart began to beat and my ears started to ring. His tongue shot into my mouth demanding attention. He pulled me tight against him and I could feel his erection which made my dick stand to full attention. 

After we couldn't go any more without passing out from lack of oxygen he released me. I stared up at him and saw look in his eyes I couldn't quite place.

"Have a good night. I call you." He said going down the steps.

I stood there for another minute watching him pull out of the drive way. This man was trouble, I could feel it, but something in me wanted him. Wanted him bad.

#

Lynn and Rose came home a couple of hours later and immediately came into my room. I was sitting in the middle of my bed reading and they took a seat on either side of me.

"Spill it!" Rose exclaimed poking me in my side.

"There is nothing to spill. I confronted him outside, he apologized and offered me a ride home and I accepted."

They both looked at each other, "Holy hell I know there is more to the story. You better tell us Josh or some help me." Lynn said exasperated.

"He may have walked me to the door of our building and kissed me." 

Silence, "AHHHH." The both squealed at the same time.

"Was it good?" Rose asked.

I gave her a dead panned look, "Do you really need to ask that? It was the most amazing kiss of my life. The way he grabbed me and just took it. His tongue demanding entrance. I don't know if I will ever recover."

Lynn flopped back on the bed with a sigh, "You sir, are now the lucky one. So are you going to see him again?"

"I hope so. He said he would call. So we shall see. I'm sure we will just end up fucking but I know I won't survive it. There is just something about him guys."

"Then don't let him in your pants Josh. It is that simple." Rose stated.

"After that kiss I will have a hard time saying no."

The three of us laid in bed a little longer. They both tried to tell me this could turn into something but I wasn't so sure. I would just have to put my heart out on the line and see what happened.

#

Andrew did call. I was on my way back from the gym Sunday afternoon when I heard my phone going off. I had been going over in my head Saturday during my workout. Trying to remember if there were any sings as to what he wanted. All of them pointed to more than just a simple fuck. I answered the phone in a rush,

"Hello?"

"Hello beautiful, its Andrew. I wanted to see if you would like to have dinner with me tonight."

I snorted, beautiful? 

"That would be great. What time?"

"I will pick you up at eight."

"Okay see you then."

"And Andrew?"

"Yeah?"

"You are beautiful." He said hanging up.

I raced upstairs and burst into the apartment. I heard a loud thump and then a laugh, a male laugh. Walking into the living room I see Lynn sprawled on the floor rubbing her ass and a very sexy man leaning over her trying to contain his laughter. I walked over to the shirtless man and extended my hand,

"Hey, I'm Josh."

"Bradley." He said shaking my hand.

Standing up Bradley grabbed his shirt giving me time to check out his nicely sculpted chest. His hair dark, a contrast to his blue eyes. So Lynn's type. Once he had his shirt over his head he reached down and pulled Lynn up. Giving her a quick peck on the lips and promise to call he was out the door.

Lynn looked at me, "Don't even start."

I tried to hide my smile, "I didn't say a thing." I said, the laughter forcing its way out.

"Jooosh!" Lynn groaned, "It's not funny. He is a really sweet guy. He is one of the guy's Rose and I met at the club. We left shortly after you did and talked for a few hours. It was great."

"Lynn if you smile any harder it might become permanent. I am happy for you. I also need your help."

"What is it?" She said with a smirk like she already knew.

"I'm going on a date tonight with Andrew. What should I wear? He seems like a laid back guy but I can tell he has money. So we could end up at four star restaurant or a burger joint."

"First off, you know you hate wearing suits or anything too dressy. So it doesn't matter where you are going. Don't change yourself for anyone or anything. Second, the only way to go is with a button down and a nice pair of jeans."

I pulled Lynn into a hug, "You are wonderful. I don't know what I would do without you or Rose."

She hugged me back, "And don't you forget it."

I left to my room and started to get ready for my date. Tonight would be the true test as to whether Andrew was only after one thing. Deep in my heart I hoped I was wrong.