 A reader sent me an email asking me to write a gay story, and this is what I came up with. I hope you like it.

* * * * *

Tim Whitaker was a junior and in his second year at Briarwood Prep when he met Julian Kilkanon. Tim's first roommate had graduated the year before, and his new roommate had just transferred from another school.

Tim was eighteen, a year older than his classmates. He had missed the eighth grade because of a car accident, but the year of physical therapy he'd gone through had gotten him over his injuries, and set him on a path toward physical fitness. Now he was 6'1" and 190 pounds of lean muscle. He played power forward on the basketball team, and second base on the baseball team. He wasn't planning on getting a scholarship for either sport, but the settlement from his accident was there to cover his college expenses.

Julian was eighteen too, but a few months younger than Tim. He was a senior, so Tim knew he would be getting a new roommate next year. Julian was the picture of average, 5'9", medium build, pleasantly bland face. If you saw him in a crowd, nothing about him would stand out.

Tim and Julian got along from the start since Tim was an amiable, outgoing guy, which was contrasted by Julian's quieter, more reserved disposition. They got to know each other over the first few weeks of the semester, and usually did meals together, but otherwise, they moved in different social circles.

One thing Tim notice was that Julian tended to be secretive about what he did on his laptop. It wasn't unusual for Tim to leave his out when he wasn't using it, but Julian made a point of putting his away in the lockable cubby they each had, especially if he was leaving the room.

One night, Tim woke up and noticed the glow of Julian's laptop across the room. He looked over at the desk, and saw Julian leaning back in his chair, his fist flying up and down on his cock as he jerked off watching what was on the screen. There was no sound on whatever he was watching, so Tim watched Julian spank the bishop for a few minutes, then went back to sleep.

Over the next few weeks, Tim would wake up in the middle of the night, usually needing to pee, and he would make a show of waking up so Julian would have time to shut off the video before he got out of bed.

That became the routine. Julian didn't jerk off every night, and Tim didn't have to get up to pee all the time, but if he did wake up, he always gave Julian time to close his laptop before heading down the hall to the bathroom.

At least until the night he heard Julian talking while he jerked off.

"Fuck me, that is one beautiful cock." He heard Julian say in a reverent voice. "God, I would love to suck that thing for you. Just stick it in my mouth and use is like a cunt. Fuck my mouth with that big cock, shove it down my throat and make me gag on it. Use me like a little faggot bitch till you shoot off in my mouth."

Tim was stunned. He hadn't had a clue that Julian might be gay, he came across as a little quirky, but pretty regular otherwise. Tim really didn't care if he was gay, he knew half a dozen guys in the school that were, and he got along fine with them.

But Julian kept talking.

"Come on, give it to me Tim. You know you want me to suck that big dick for you." Julian panted, obviously getting close to nutting. "Fuck my mouth, I'll be your little whore, and you can use me whenever you want."

Tim almost got out of bed, but decided against it. Instead, he leaned up a little so he could look around Julian and see what was on the screen.

Julian was watching a video of a huge black guy facefucking a much smaller white guy. Every so often he would pull his cock out of the guy's mouth and smack his face with it, then shove it back between his lips and mouth fuck him again. The guys cock was about eight inches long, and really thick.

Tim watched as Julian jerked his cock faster, getting closer to cumming. He guessed that this was a favorite, and that the money shot was gonna happen soon. 

It did. Julian shot off as he watched the black guy whip his cock out of the other guy's mouth and pump his load into his mouth and all over his face. Tim had to admit that it was one of the best cumshots he'd ever seen.

He rolled over with his back to Julian as he saw him close the laptop and get up to put it away. He didn't move as Julian got into bed and went quickly to sleep.

Once he heard Julian start to snore softly, Tim rolled over on his back and pushed the sheets down. His cock was hard as a rock. That wasn't unusual, but he was pretty sure that it was hard because of what he had just seen and heard.

His hand wrapped around his cock on its own accord, and Tim stroked himself lazily wondering just what he was going to do about this. It wasn't until he heard himself thinking, 'Suck my cock Julian, suck my fucking cock and swallow my load you little bitch.' as he came harder than he had in months that he knew what was going to end up happening.

(-)

Tim waited a few days, and during that time he had heard Julian talking about him while he jerked off a couple more times, so he was sure that what he was going to do wouldn't be rebuffed.

One night after dinner they were both in their room for the evening. Julian was studying for his English midterm, and Tim was kicked back on his bed playing a game on his tablet. He glanced over at Julian, and decided that if he was ever going to do anything, now was the time.

Sitting his tablet off to the side, he got up and went over, leaning against Julian's desk.

"My girlfriend sent me an email." He said, looking down at him. "She's bailing on coming up to visit me this weekend. So no pussy for me anytime soon, just the same old five knuckle shuffle."

Julian looked up at him, but didn't say anything.

"You know what I need? I need to find some little bitch that loves to suck cock." He said casually. "My girlfriend hates putting my cock in her mouth. If you want the truth, she's not much when it comes to fucking either."

"Sorry to hear that man." Julian muttered, turning back to his laptop.

"Yeah," Tim said, making a show of adjusting his cock in his jeans. "I need to find me a hot little whore that will let me use that mouth any time I want. No questions, no arguments, just suck my dick till I bust a nut in your mouth and all over your face."

Pushing off the desk, Tim walked back over and laid down, leaning back against the headboard. He watched Julian as he reached down and opened his jeans, making sure the zipper made a lot of noise as it went down.

He was looking at Julian as he turned to look at him.

"I hear you sometimes while you're jerking off in the middle of the night. I can hear the shit you're saying." He said as he pulled his cock out of his jeans and started stroking it lazily. "That black guy you jerk off to has a big dick, but mine's bigger."

"I know." Julian said softly, staring at Tim's cock as his hand slid slowly up and down over the length of it.

"So you've seen it. Where, in the showers?"

Julian nodded.

"You ever see it hard?"

Julian just shook his head.

"Well, you're going to see it hard in a minute." Tim said, glancing down at his cock, then back at Julian. "It's not even all the way hard yet, and it's already bigger than that black guy."

"Yeah, it's thicker too." Julian whispered.

"You ever had a cock this big in your mouth Julian?" Tim asked, pushing his jeans down and kicking them off. He spread his legs wider on the twin bed and started stroking his cock faster.

Julian shook his head as he stared at Tim's cock. He swallowed, his throat working heavily.

Reaching over, Tim turned on his bedside lamp.

"Do me a favor, Julian. Turn the overhead light off and come over here."

Julian got up and walked over to turn off the overhead light, casting the room into shadow except for the pool of light next to Tim's bed. 

Tim stopped him as he came over and moved to climb up on the bed.

"You want to suck my cock, don't you Julian?" He asked, looking at him steadily.

"Yes." Julian said softly.

"You know I'm not going to do anything for you in return. I'm just going to use your mouth for my pleasure." He said lightly, watching Julian as he stroked his now stone hard cock slowly.

"I understand that." Julian said quietly, his eyes never leaving Tim's cock. "Is that all you want me to do?"

"Don't be coy Julian, I know what you want, but I want to hear you say it." Tim said, his voice hardening. 

"I...I want you to fuck me too." Julian said so softly Tim could barely hear him.

"Speak up Julian, no one can hear us. Tell me what you want me to do to you."

"I...I want you to fuck me in the ass...sir." Julian said a little louder.

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass before Julian?"

"No sir." Julian said, shaking his head. "But I've used butt plugs and some toys. I have a dildo at home that's almost as big as your cock."

"Have you ever fucked yourself with it?"

"Yes sir, but I can only get the head and the first couple inches in."

"You know that when I fuck you, I'm going in balls deep, and not stopping till I shoot my load." Tim paused, his hand coming to rest around the base of his cock. More than six inches of throbbing cock meat stuck out above his fist. "And I'm gonna fuck you bareback. I use condoms with my girlfriend, but I can't get you pregnant. So you're going to take my cock raw. I want you to feel my hot cum filling your ass."

"I...that's not...I do..." Julian sputtered.

"I've only had sex with two women, my girlfriend, and her mother, not together I'm sad to say, and I use condoms with both of them. I've never had an STD." Tim said, staring at Julian. "I'm going to keep fucking both of them whenever I get the chance, but you are going to be monogamous. You fuck only me for the rest of the school year. You don't suck any other dicks either. Your ass and your mouth belong to me if you want this to happen."

"That's what I want too, the monogamy thing. I don't like going from guy to guy." Julian said, a small smile creeping across his face. "Besides, you've got the nicest dick in the dorm. Your dick is three or four inches longer and alot thicker than anyone else's. I've wanted to suck it since the first time I saw it."

"Do you want to suck it now?"

"Fuck yes, I'm drooling for it." Julian said in a husky voice. "But I like the way you're teasing me...sir."

"Take your clothes off, and get up on the bed between my legs."

Tim watched as Julian stripped quickly. He noticed that he was trim, with a little definition in his chest and legs, but the rest of his body was soft, like a girls. He had an average sized cock, about five inches, and it was already hard.

Julian kicked his pants aside and slid up onto the bed, settling on his knees between Tim's legs. Tim stopped him as he started reaching for his cock.

"I didn't tell you you could touch me." Tim said, taking his hand off his cock and putting both hands behind his head as he leaned back.

"Yes sir. I'm sorry, I..." Julian began, his eyes flicking up to Tim's face, then back to his cock.

"Don't apologize, and don't talk unless I ask you a question." Tim told him as he looked down at him. "I don't know anything about this dom thing, so I'm going to learn how to do it by practicing on you. The less I have to correct you, the easier that's going to be."

Julian nodded, and Tim continued.

"Put your hand around my cock, down at the base. Push it down so it's right at the root."

Julian did as instructed, his eyes going wide as he stared at the huge cock filling his fist.

"Now put your other hand top of that one."

Julian did it, beginning to see where Tim was going with this.

"Move the first hand up and put it over the other one. Do not let the hand on my cock move up or down."

Julian moved his hand, wrapping it around the shaft of Tim's cock right above the other one. Three inches of Tim's cock stuck out of his fist.

"Now move your other hand up again."

When Julian's hand closed around Tim's cock this time, the head was completely covered. There was an inch of hand over the tip.

"So how big do you think that is? Three and part of a hand is how many inches?"

"I'd say at least eleven." Julian said, leaving his hands where they were, barely resisting the urge to move them up and down. "But I'm more interested in the girth. That's the part I'm worried about. This is one fat fucking cock, and I don't know if I'm going to be able to get it all in my mouth."

"You're going to take it to the balls. Maybe not tonight, but you are going to do it." Tim said, looking down at him. "You have two weeks to learn how to get it all in your mouth and down your throat. After that, I'm going to be shoving it in whether you can take it or not."

Humping his hips up lightly, Tim started fucking his cock through Julian's hands.

"Loosen your grip a little, give my cock enough room to move. Don't move your hands up and down until I tell you."

"Yes sir." Julian said, loosening his grip, and keeping his hands in place.

The head of Tim's cock poked out of the top fist, and Julian could see a bead of pre-cum in the piss slit.

Tim slid down on the bed so his head was on the pillow, forcing Julian to back up to maintain his position. He reached over to his nightstand and picked up his tablet and tapped on the screen. A moment later, a techno tune started playing, and Tim lowered the volume a little.

"Move your hands in time with me." Tim said as he stretched out and got comfortable. "Move them down a little so the top hand is just under the head. Push the foreskin up onto the head on the upstroke."

"Yes sir." Julian said in an awed whisper, moving his hands down about an inch. On the next upstroke, he pushed his hands down and watched the skin at the top of Tim's cock tighten, then watched it loosen and move up onto the rim of his cock as Tim pulled his hips back and his own hands moved upward.

"Fuck yeah, that's good bitch." Tim grunted, closing his eyes and moving his hips a little faster. "Do it faster, jerk me off, but keep your grip loose. That fucking feels fantastic."

A steady stream of pre-cum drooled from the piss slit as Julian started jerking Tim's cock faster.

"Yes sir." Julian panted, his eyes locked on the head of Tim's cock. He realized that he was leaning closer and stopped himself, but didn't pull away. "Uh...your uh...your cock is...uh...your cock is leaking sir."

"Is it leaking on your fingers?" Tim asked, not opening his eyes.

"Yes sir."

"Do you want to lick it off?

"Oh god yes." Julian said in a breathy whisper.

"Not yet, and raise up a little, I can feel your breath on my cock. You're too close." Tim said lightly. "You're panting like a steam engine, and it's all you can do not to just take my cock in your mouth and go to town on it, isn't it?"

"Yes sir, I'm having trouble resisting, but I'm not going to until you tell me to."

"Good boy. We're only going to do this for another half hour or so, call it ten songs." Tim grunted as he turned his hips slightly and sent his cock up through Julian's hand at a different angle. "Then we'll move on to something else."

Julian gasped, and felt his own cock throb and twitch as he grasped what Tim had just said. He hadn't expected Tim to go in this direction, and he didn't know if he was going to be able to hold back for an extended session. And he didn't know what Tim's reaction to him shooting off all over his bed might be.

"Something wrong little bitch?" Tim asked, opening his eyes and raising up on his elbows. He looked down between Julian's legs, and saw how his cock was twitching and jerking up and down. 

"Oh, I see." He said, raising up a little higher. "Take your hands off my cock and raise up, back straight."

"Please sir, I can..."

"Shut the fuck up and do it you little fucking slut." Tim growled. "If you want my cock in your mouth tonight you'll do as you're told, when you're told."

"Yes sir." Julian whined, raising up and straightening his back.

"Wrap one hand around your cock, and hold the other one under the head. You have sixty seconds to cum." Tim told him evenly. "If you don't shoot in sixty seconds, you have to wait until I'm ready for you to cum. And if you shoot off on my bed, my cock is going up your ass dry, and I don't care how much it hurts. Do you understand?"

"Yes sir." Julian gasped, his hand clenching around his cock.

"Then begin."

"Will uh...will you do something for me sir?" Julian asked shyly, afraid the answer would be no.

"What's that little bitch?" Tim asked, a small smile on his face.

"Jerk off for me so I can watch. I can cum in thirty seconds if you do that."

"Are you giving up half your time you little slut?" Tim laughed as he wrapped his hand around the thick shaft of his cock and stroked it lazily. "Is this what you want? You want to see me stroking this fat cock so you can watch? Is that good for you?"

"Oh fuck, that looks so hot. Don't stop, keep doing it just like that, please." Julian moaned, his own hand moving in a blur over his cock.

"Oh, my little bitch likes watching his master jerk off and put on a little show for him huh?" Tim said. "Would my little bitch like it if I got up and jerked off right in his face?"

"Oh fuck, would you? Please?" Julian gasped, his hand flying up and down over his cock. He could tell by the way it was throbbing in his hand that he wouldn't need the whole sixty seconds.

Tim laughed as he rolled over and got to his knees, then to his feet. He stepped right in front of Julian and wrap his hand around his cock, stroking it slowly, but picking up the pace quickly. He put his other hand on the back of Julian's head, his fingers closing into a fist in his hair.

"Can you smell it slut? Can you smell my cock and all the juicy cum dripping out of it?" Tim taunted, knowing that it was only going to excite Julian that much more. "What are you going to do if I cum right now, standing here jerking off in your face?"

"I'll swallow every drop, then suck you for as long as it takes to get you hard again, then keep sucking till you empty your balls in my throoooaaatttt...."

Julian threw his head back, and his eyes rolled up in his head as he started cumming. Hot, sticking ribbons of cum drooled from his piss slit into the hand cupped under the head of his cock as his body shook and spasmed from the force of his orgasm.

"That's it little bitch, shoot all that hot cum out for me. Empty those baby balls so we don't have to worry about them going off again anytime soon. "If you're a good little slut, I'm going to give you a treat."

Julian's head tipped forward, his mouth opening by reflex. The smell of Tim's cum dripping cock so close to his face was driving him out of his mind. 

"Oh no, little bitch, not so fast." Tim laughed, taking a step back. "But here's what I'll do, close your mouth, and keep your eyes closed. Do it now."

Julian did as he was told, and a moment later felt something hot and sticky dragging over his lips. He opened his mouth, but Tim had already moved back out of his reach.

Whimpering pitifully, Julian kept his eyes closed as he ran his tongue over his cum coated lips. The taste of Tim's pre-cum sent fresh spasms through his body, and his cock jerked and throbbed in his fist.

Julian couldn't remember ever coming this long, or this hard either by himself, or with any of his limited number of sexual partners. 

Finally, after several minutes of spastic spasms, his cock stopped drooling cum, but stayed as hard as he could ever remember it getting. He slumped down, still on his knees, his hand still under the head of his cock as he lifted his head, opening his eyes to look at Tim.

Tim had moved back and was sitting on the bed, leaning back against the headboard. His hand was stroking steadily up and down his cock as he looked at Julian.
