 The college was almost empty, as Tim walked towards the Principal's office. He picked up his pace, knowing that Mr. Stevenson would be waiting. It was a windy day, and a breeze ruffled his hair as he crossed the corridor and entered the administrative building. The Principal's office was at the end of the narrow lane on the first floor. The building was almost empty. There was not a soul in sight, and although Tim knew Mr. Stevenson's secretary usually went home late, she wouldn't be bothering them during their meeting. Tim approached the room, and opened the door without knocking. He entered, and saw Mr. Stevenson sitting at his desk. Mr. Stevenson passed him a smile, which he met with one of his own. Mr. Stevenson got up from his chair and walked towards the door.

"You're late," he said, closing and locking the door behind him.

"Yeah, I got caught up in some work. Some guys from my study group are going up to Atlantic City for the weekend. They wanted to see if I'd join them."

Mr. Stevenson walked over to the sofa, and sat down. Tim dropped his backpack to the ground, and lowered himself on his lap, facing him, with one leg on each side of him. Mr. Stevenson laid back and closed his eyes, as Tim licked down his shaven neck, and ground his hips against his crotch.

"Mmm," cooed Mr. Stevenson, as he dry humped the teenager on his lap, and let the boy work his magic on him. He pushed back Tim, and pulled up and removed the Tee he was wearing. He ran his arms on the boy's hairless, smooth chest and back, and then lifted him up, and put him on his back on the sofa. Tim groaned as the much older man climbed on top of him, and put his mouth hungrily on his, as he humped him through his clothes. Tim wrapped his legs around Mr. Stevenson, and felt Mr. Stevenson's cock, probably semi erect, rub against his own hard on. Mr. Stevenson could feel the young boy's erection as well. He felt amused at the youth's vitality as he thrust his tongue into Tim's mouth, and remembered when he himself was Tim's age. His cock too would spring up at a moment's notice, and he could cum seemingly an unlimited number of times. 

Now, well, it was different. Now he would call it a good day if he could shoot his load once. Twice was Christmas, and any more than that, well, to be honest, was pretty much impossible. He was just happy he could still get it up a couple of times a week. As they writhed in ecstasy on the sofa, Mr. Stevenson's tongue wrestled with Tim's in the young boy's mouth. Mr. Stevenson broke the kiss and licked the side of Tim's neck, tasting the youth's smooth fair skin. They continued to grind their hips against each other, and both were breathing heavily now. This was their first encounter in weeks, and both were horny as hell. Mr. Stevenson was married, but as he had later found out, sex with his wife gave him little satisfaction. Tim hadn't found a date in quite a while too, and it had been a dry spell for him as well.

Mr. Stevenson lifted himself up, and sat back on the sofa. Tim got up, and looked directly into his eyes. He could see the lust building up inside him. He sat down on the floor between Mr. Stevenson's legs, and undid his trousers, his belt and his fly. Mr. Stevenson's cock popped out, almost fully erect. Tim took it into his hand, and stroked it a couple of times. Mr. Stevenson laid back, closed his eyes, and moaned in approval. Mr. Stevenson's member was thick, and almost 7 inches. Tim brought his head down, and licked around the head. Mr. Stevenson's body jerked in response. Tim licked from the tip down to the base, and then back up to the head. He pushed the foreskin down, revealing the sensitive tip inside. He gave it a lick, and Mr. Stevenson groaned again. He reached down and cupped Mr. Stevenson's heavy balls. He massaged them with his hand, as he took his cock into his mouth, and began to bob his head up and down. With his other hand, he supplemented the effort of his mouth, and quickly built up a rhythm. 

Mr. Stevenson began to whimper and groan. Tim moved his head up and Mr. Stevenson's cock popped out of his mouth. Tim licked his way from the base to the tip, feeling his veins with his tongue, and then back down to the base again. He took Mr. Stevenson's cock in his hand, and started jerking him off, taking his ball in his mouth at the same time and sucking on it. As Mr. Stevenson started undulating his hips, Tim saw that he was close, and stopped stroking him, his hand still holding and pushing down on his cock, as he nibbled on his ball. He began stroking him again as he switched to his other ball, and ran his other hand up and down Mr. Stevenson's thigh. He let go of Mr. Stevenson's balls and cock, and took his cock into his mouth again. He pushed down his foreskin with his hand and drew circles on the head with his tongue. He bobbed his head up and down on his cock, and cupped his balls again. 

He withdrew his head up so that just his head was inside his mouth, and began to stroke his cock with his hand. Mr. Stevenson groaned, and his body stiffened against the boy's mouth. Tim took his entire cock into his mouth, and Mr. Stevenson trembled, as he unloaded his balls down the boy's throat. His body jerked with each spurt, and he fell back on the sofa as he squirted the last of his juice inside Tim's mouth. Tim kept his mouth on his cock after he was done, and slowly moved his lips up and down on it, sending little shock waves down Mr. Stevenson's spine. After a couple of minutes, he looked up at Mr. Stevenson and smiled. Mr. Stevenson smiled back at him, relaxed and spent. He got up and put his shirt back on.

"You still got it, boy," said Mr. Stevenson, zipping up.

Tim smiled in return, and picked up his bag, and walked out of the room. He went straight to the men's room, went inside one of the stalls, pulled down his pants, and jerked himself off twice. With the taste of Mr. Stevenson's cum still in his mouth, he orgasmed hard, and kept going even after he had ejaculated, to a second orgasm. His orgasms were so strong that they knocked the air out of him, and he had to sit down on the toilet seat to catch his breath. Afterwards, he came out and washed his face with cold water. He too had cum after almost two weeks, and felt good and light hearted.

As he stepped out of the men's room, he saw Anna standing in the hallway.

"Whatcha been doin' there, boy?" She cooed.

Tim smiled in return, "Just washing up."

"You were jacking off, weren't you?"

Tim burst out laughing.

"You banged the principal again, didn't you?"

"What, are you crazy?"

She kicked his shin. "Don't bullshit me, jackass. You got buggered, didn't you?"

Tim couldn't stop laughing.

"No, actually, I didn't. I blew him off."

"You slut!" Anna joined in the laughter. "Why were you jacking off? He didn't return the favor?"

Tim nodded.

"Oh man, how lazy is he? Selfish son of a bitch!"

Tim roared into another fit of laughter.

"So how many times?"

"What?"

"How many times did you toss the salad?"

"Twice."

"Hmm, you must have been really backed up. When was the last time you did it?"

Tim faked a sad face.

"Oh, don't ask! It's been a long dry spell! Unlike you, I don't get to shag whoever I want! This old fairy is all I have at the moment."

"Joe from the basketball team," Anna winked at him.

Tim widened his eyes.

"What, when? You're joking!"

"Nope, cross my heart."

"Man, he's a hotty! I saw him at the club once. He's got a great body. Those abs, biceps, and that big thick juicy cock! So, how was he?"

"Good. We did it twice. He didn't let me get on top though. Came once on my belly and once on my back."

"Mmm!" moaned Tim. "You gonna see him again?"

"Not really," replied Anna. "He is a selfish dickhead. Made me suck his dick but didn't go down on me. Didn't even get me off. Just humped away and left."

"Now who's selfish!" Tim stuck out his tongue at her.

She punched him in the stomach.

"Watch it! Next time, it will be a couple of inches lower!"