 This is the first in a series of stories about a bi-curious guy that decides to explore his fantasies with a Master he met online. 

*

Well there he was, in the parking lot, with a bag full of the requested items. Could he do it? Could he knock on the door and really push the envelope of his experiences. He got out of the car and walked into the lobby and asked for what room Al was in. The clerk at the desk directed him to the house phone and told him to use that to call the operator who would then connect him to the correct room. Tim nervously walked over, stared at the phone for a minute, finally picked it up and waited for the operator. He again asked for Al's room. The operator connected him through. Tim's heart rate surged. After a ring the other end picked up, "Hello?" came the voice. Tim thought his knees were going to collapse. 

Tim was finally able to weakly say "Hi Al, It's Tim how are you doing? I am in the lobby." 

Al smiled as he stood by the phone he could hear the nervousness in Tim's voice. "My room is 231. It is on the backside of the building. Come on back." 

Tim left the lobby, got in his car and drove around. He found the room, stopped the car and sat and wondered again what he was doing. His heart was beating harder already, his palms felt sweaty and his knees felt weak. He took a deep breath, grabbed his bag and got out of the car. He walked up the stairs and headed to the door. The butterflies in his stomach got larger and more active.

He took another deep breath, reached out and knocked. Tim heard the door lock rattle and the door slid open. Al was standing in the door with a smile on his face and he invited Tim in. Tim's knees were knocking as he walked in. Al closed and locked the door. Tim was just standing there with a look like a deer in the headlights. Al told him to put down his bag and have a seat on the bed. Al walked over to a small cooler and picked out a soda and a bottle of water and offered them to Tim. Tim took the soda, said thanks and sat back down.

Al asked how Tim was doing and Tim said okay. He added that he was still nervous and amazed that he was in the room. Al told him to take a deep breath and to relax. Everything would be fine. Tim tried to relax but he still felt like he was shaking like a leaf. Tim and Al continued to talk some. 

After a few minutes Al asked Tim to take off his shirt. He blushed as he saw Al watching him strip his shirt off. Al then told him to open his bag of panties and toys. Tim picked up his bag and opened the zipper. Al smiled as he saw Tim sort of fumble to get the bag open. 

"Hand me the toys you brought", Al said as Tim sat on the bed and held the bag open. 

Tim handed over the digital camera, the flogger, the parachute harness for his balls and the inflating/vibrating butt plug. Tim's cock was hard as a rock even though he was as nervous as hell and embarrassed as hell to be showing another man his sex toys and his panties. Even though it was warm in the room he felt like he was shivering. Was it cold in the room or was it nerves? 

Al was sitting in the only chair in the room wondering if Tim would make it through their session. Due to time constraints he had to keep pushing Tim without freaking him out. Al picked up the camera, and told Tim to stand in front of him and to unzip his pants and unbuckle his belt. Tim's hands fumbled as he pulled on the belt. Finally he had the belt loose and he pulled down the zipper. As the zipper went down Al took a picture of the panties Tim was wearing framed by the pants. Al thought he could see the bulge in Tim's pants showing his excitement even though he was nervous. Good he thought to himself as he then told Tim to begin to pull down the pants. 

As Tim dropped his pants and slowly stood up, Al said "Nice" as Tim stood back up. Tim was now standing in front of another man while wearing lingerie for the first time. Al took another picture. 

"Now walk away from me and back like you do on your cam for me" Al said. As Tim turned to walk away Al took a picture of Tim's panty covered ass. Tim turned around and walked back as he felt like his face was on fire. 

"Okay, go to the bathroom and put on another pair," Al said to Tim. 

Tim reached into the bag and pulled out a pair of panties. Tim had tried to pick out the pairs that Al had liked when he wore them on cam. The pair he had picked out for the second pair was a thong with some ruffles on the edges. As he pulled the panties up, his cock was so hard that it even though he wasn't huge it was popping out the top and his balls were hanging out from underneath. As he stepped out back into the room Al took a picture. As Tim walked slowly forward, Al took another picture. Al told Tim to stand in front of him and to gently stroke himself. 

Tim thought he was going to blush as he took a hand away from his hips and let it begin to caress the shaft of his cock. His hands nervously tracing the outline of his cock through the panties. His cock pulsing and shifting underneath the fabric. His knees were still feeling like he was shaking like crazy but he tried to concentrate on just playing with himself. He let his hand run down the shaft and he began to massage his balls that were hanging out. He cradled his balls and gently rolled them. Al continued to take a couple of pictures of him in his panties. 

"Okay" Al said "Go get into another pair of panties" Tim walked back to the bathroom and picked out another pair. Tim slid into the next pair and walked back out. Al took more pictures and Tim's cock was still rock hard. Now as he was standing in front of Al, Al told him to use one hand on his clit and the other on his nipples.

Al was still sitting there with Tim's panty covered cock at his eye level watching with a little smile as Tim began to get hornier and move into that submissive state of mind. Tim had switched back to a bikini panty so his balls were covered again. His clit as Al had now referred to it was still hard and beginning to leak a little. Al asked him Tim if he was getting wet. Tim replied that he was. Al told him to show him. Tim stood in front of Al Al, shyly pulled down his panties until they were tucked under his balls and continued to stroke and play with his clit. As he played, drops of precum began to form at the head. 

Al said "Lick it up" As Tim wiped up the cum with his finger and brought it to his mouth, Al smiled again. 

"Turn around and let me see your pussy" 

Tim turned around began to pull his panties the rest of the way off. 

"Lay across the bed and show me your pussy". 

Tim lay across the bed with his knees on the floor. He reached back and pulled his cheeks apart. His heart began to pound harder. 

"Very Nice Tim, that pussy is just begging for attention", Al said as he watched Tim continue to nervously follow directions. "Now go get another pair of panties for me." 

Tim stood up, pulled up his panties, tucking in his clit and walked back to the bathroom. Tim slid into another pair of panties that are one of Al's favorites. They were a bluish purple that on cam looked almost totally sheer. They fabric did nothing to hold him in place. 

As he walked back out Al smiled and he knew that Tim was ready for the next step. Tim's clit was still hard and Tim seemed to be a little less nervous now. 

"Move closer to me this time". Al said as Tim stood in front of him. Tim moved up almost next to Al. Al took a couple of pictures from the front and then told him to turn around and bend over. After Tim was bent over Al took a couple more pictures. He then told Tim to turn back around. Al's cock was rock hard in his pants. 

"Kneel between my legs" Al said. Tim seemed to get nervous again, but he knelt down. 

"Unbuckle my pants", Al said. Tim reached out and fumbled with the buckle. After the belt was undone, Tim heard "Unzip my pants". Tim could see the outline of Al's cock through his pants and as the zipper came down he could see the bulge pushing out through the "V" in that was now formed by the open zipper. 

"Very Good Tim" Al said. "Now pull down my pants only" Tim's heart felt like it was pounding in his ears as he reached out grabbed the sides of Al Al's pants and began to slide it down. Al lifted his hips and helped wiggle out of his pants. Tim was now on his knees with another man's boxer covered cock in front of him. The head was beginning to peek out from the fly of the boxers. Tim felt like his whole body was shaking. 

Al said, "It is time, Tim, Pull down my boxers." 

Tim's hands trembled and he still felt the butterflies running rampant as he began to remove Al's boxers. As the boxers slid down Al's legs his cock sprang up and stood up. There were drops of precum on the head. Tim tried not to look at it but he was amazed that he was this close to another man's cock. Al let him just kneel there for a minute. Finally Tim seemed to sense that if he was going to do it, he better get going. He reached out with his hand and placed it on Al's thigh next to his hard cock. Al's cock seemed to surge at his touch. Al's cock looked huge compared to his own. Maybe it was because he was looking at it from a different angle. 

Al sat back as Tim struggled with his nervousness. Tentatively Tim's hand moved closer and closer. Tim could feel some sweat rolling down his sides. His heart was beating in his throat now. Tim was shifting on his knees, his cock still hard in his panties as he moved his fingers to Al's cock. The feeling was strange. It was warm, hard and soft all at once. As he hands touched it he realized he was going to keep over and die. Other things have changed for him but it hasn't killed him, So Far. 

Al kept quiet as he watched Tim reach out slowly towards his cock. He kept his legs still and spread as Tim moved his hand closer and closer to his cock. Tim began to slowly run his fingers up and down the shaft and across the head. Precum was already forming and Tim was looking right at it. Tim began to wrap his hand around the shaft and began to gently stroke Al's cock. The strangeness kept his heart beating hard. He kept on stroking with the one hand. Finally he ran his hand down to Al's balls and caressed them. This caused Al to groan. Tim's hand moved back up and began to stroke the shaft slowly and tentatively. Al tried moving his hips to begin fucking his Tim's hand. This action scared Tim a little. It brought the head of Al's cock closer to his own face. He had to move closer between Al's legs to make it easier to stroke Al's cock. 

Now he was staring at a hard, hot and throbbing cock just inches from his face. Al seemed to be encouraging him to open his mouth and let it slide in. Tim opened his mouth and let is tongue slide out. Could he do it, could he take another man's cock in his mouth? Tim began to bend forward. His tongue touched the head of Al's cock. Tim just sat there for a minute. His hands were now just holding Al's shaft as his tongue began to do the exploring. He ran his tongue around the head feeling the shaft swell and pulse. Tim began to run his tongue down the side of the shaft. His head was swimming in emotions. His cock was still hard and Tim thought if he touched it, he might explode. He then ran his tongue back up the underside of Al's cock and this brought some more precum to the end of his cock. 

Al looked down and said "Lick it up, taste your Master's cum for the first time." Tim stretched out his tongue, ran it up across the slit in the head and he had his first bit of another man's cum on his tongue. Tim slowly pulled his tongue back inside his mouth as he let his hands continue to massage and stroke Al's shaft and balls. Tim then opened his mouth, and lowered his head back to the head of Al's cock. He then let the head slide into his mouth. It is now official he was a cocksucker. As Tim closed his mouth around the head of the cock, Al continued to sit still but he did pick up the camera. He aimed it down and took a shot of Tim with his mouth now wrapped around another man's dick. Tim blushed when he realized what had just happened. His own cock was still dripping but he kept his hands away. 

Al continued to sit back and let his new Tim work through the flood of emotions and experiences. Tim began to work his Al's cock deeper into his mouth. His tongue all over the shaft and head. His one hand beginning to fondle Al's balls more and the other stroking the exposed shaft. Finally Al reached out with his hands and held Tim still. He then began to move his hips back and forth in earnest. He was now fucking Tim's mouth. Tim struggled to take as much in his mouth as he could. He tried to get into a rhythm of sucking and stroking but he just wasn't coordinated enough. As Al's cock got wetter from his sucking it became easier to stroke him. 

Al's cock filled his mouth. Tim's mouth was wrapped around it and he was working hard to breath though his nose. Finally Al let go of Tim's head and let him catch his breath while Tim bobbed his head up and down on Al's cock, bringing the head in and out of his mouth. Finally the anticipation and waiting got the best of Al. He let out a groan, grabbed Tim's head and said, "Here it comes and don't swallow yet". Tim didn't know what to expect. He just sat there with his lips wrapped loosely around Al's cock as his hands stroked his Als shaft and massaged his balls. Tim felt Al's balls contract and he could almost feel the cock swell in his mouth as Al began to shoot his load. Tim just knelt there. His hands slowly stopped stroking Al's cock. After a couple of spurts, Al pulled his cock from his Tim's mouth and Tim just looked up. 

"Show me the load Tim" Al said as he looked down. Luckily Tim hadn't swallowed yet. The taste was much different than his own. He blinked as Al took a picture of Tim kneeling, mouth wide open and cum visible on his tongue. 

After the picture, Al said, "You can swallow now." Tim swallowed and then just sat there. 

"Well Done, Tim, now stand up for me," Al said. As Tim stood up and stepped back, Al got up and walked over to the toys on dresser. He picked up something and walked back to Tim. Al stood in front of Tim and said "Spread your legs and put your hands on your head". As Tim spread his legs Al showed him the ball parachute. Somehow Tim's cock had remained hard the entire time. He was dripping pre-cum and you could see the stains on his panties. Tim stood there with his hands on his head, his cock bobbing in mid air since it had escaped the confines of the loose fitting panties. 

Al reached down and Tim gasped as he felt another man's hands on his balls. Al fondled them gently and even ran his hand up the shaft. Tim groaned. Al then knelt down and attached the parachute to Tim's balls. Tim groaned again as he heard the snaps click together and put pressure on the skin between his balls and his cock. As Al stood up he ran his hands across Tim's ass. Tim shivered at Al's touch. 

Al the walked over to his own bag and brought out a flogger and some weight attached to chains. Tim's eyes opened wide at the site of the weights. Could he take that kind of weight? Even though he had no clue how much it was, it still made him nervous. Al said, "Turn around" Tim turned around and after a minute he felt the flogger hit his back. As the flogger began to hit his back more he began to squirm some. Then Tim jumped when the flogger hit his ass. After a few minutes, the flogger stopped and he felt Al standing behind him. Al ran his hand down across Tim's panty covered ass. Al then knelt and hung some of the weights from Tim's balls. Tim groaned as the weights were released. Al then began to tap the weights with his foot to make them swing. Tim closed his eyes and tried to adjust to the new sensations. Tim was amazed that his cock was still maintaining an erection. 

Al ordered Tim to turn around. Tim shuffled around and Al grabbed the camera to take some more pictures. After the pictures, Al reached out and pinched each of Tim's nipples. This caused Tim to groan again. Al then knelt down in front of Tim and shortened all the chains. When he stood up, Al told Tim to walk to the bathroom. Once in the bathroom, Al walked behind Tim and tied his hands behind his back with some rope. Al then told Tim to kneel in the tub. Tim struggled to lower himself to his knees in the tub. 

"Turn and face me know" Al said while holding his dick in front of Tim's face. Tim looked up and he had a feeling he knew what was coming. He seemed to instinctively open his mouth. 

"I will stop every so often to make sure you are okay." Tim nodded with his mouth wide open. After just a short pause, Al began to pee into Tim's mouth. After Tim had a mouthful, Al stopped himself and let Tim swallow. Tim swallowed the gift. His face grimaced a little at the stronger taste but he then opened his mouth, and nodded that he was ready to continue. After several swallows Al finally turned to the toilet and just finished in there. He then grabbed a glass, filled it with water and handed it to Tim. 

"Drink this and rinse out your mouth, once you are done, crawl back into the room." 

After Tim had drank the water to rinse some of the taste out of his mouth he crawled back into the room. He could feel the weights still swinging and dangling as he crawled along the floor. Al was standing and holding his butt plug. 

"Crawl up on the bed" 

Tim crawled up on the bed and put his head down and presented his ass to Al. Tim could hear Al pulling gloves on his hands. Tim gasped and shivered when he felt Al's hands on his ass. Al ran his finger up and down the crack of his Tim's ass watching him shake in nervousness. Al removed the weights from the parachute but left the parachute itself in place. Al grabbed the lubricant, squeezed some on his finger and applied some to Tim's tight hole. Tim groaned as Al pressed a finger against his asshole. Slowly and gently Tim's hole spread open to accept the invading digit. Al slowly but firmly pushed his finger into his Tim's ass. After his finger was all the way in, Al just let it rest there for a minute. He then began to slide the finger in and out. As he stroked his finger in and out of his Tim's ass he could see Tim begin to push back a little. 

Al then pulled out the finger and quickly pressed 2 fingers against his Tim's tight ass. This time it took a little longer to work the fingers into Tim's ass. Tim tried to relax his ass as he felt the additional finger being pressed up against his hole. His thought his mind was still calling him a freak for wanting to try what was coming. Al continued to press and push his fingers into Tim's ass. Al watched with a smile as Tim relaxed more and more allowing the fingers to slide in. Soon they were all the way in. Al again kept his hand still until Tim was used to the fullness. Al did reach under Tim and tease him by slapping his balls lightly. This caused Tim to groan and squirm on the two fingers that were buried in his ass. Al then began to slide the fingers in and out of his ass while applying more lubricant at the same time. 

Al then removed his fingers and pulled down Tim's panties to his knees. Tim picked up each knee and helped to kick off the panties. Al then picked up the inflatable/vibrating butt plug that his Tim had brought. He applied more lubricant to it and pressed it against his Tim's ass. Tim jumped and groaned as he felt the tip of the plug at his ass. Even though he had used it on himself several times so he knew he could take it, he was still nervous. His cock sure wasn't, it was still hard and dripping some cum onto a towel that Al had put on the bed. As the plug was pushed farther in Tim groaned as he felt it spreading his hole. Tim's head was buried in the bed and he had his hands spread out to keep himself still as Al pushed steadily onward. Finally the widest part of the plug slipped in and his ass closed up around the end of the plug.
