 The next morning Colton accidentally slept in and was late picking up Parker for school. It was understandable. It seemed that his new half-shift used a lot more energy than his full wolf shift.

Colton needed the rest because this was the start of a big weekend. Today was Friday and the school was holding a huge pep rally in the afternoon. Then tomorrow the team would be heading by bus to play the final state championship game at the pro arena.

It was going to be a good weekend.

Colton drove like a bat out of hell to get to Parker's, then pulled into the driveway and parked his car. He grabbed the blue t-shirt from the front seat and got out and walked up to the front door.

When he rang the doorbell, he heard Parker call for him to come in. He opened the door and shut it behind him. He leaned against the back of a leather chair while he waited for his mate.

Parker set a glass in the sink and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. He grabbed his backpack off the floor and walked up to Colton.

"Good morning," Parker said with a grin.

"Morning."

Parker leaned into Colton and tilted his head back. Colton dipped his head and kissed his pup nice and slow.

"Damn, you look really hot in your jersey with those jeans," Parker whispered as he ran his hands over Colton's muscular chest.

Colton held up the shirt in his hand. "I brought this for you. Put it on."

"What's this?" Parker asked.

Colton helped Parker put the t-shirt on over the long-sleeved shirt he was wearing. The shirt was blue with white accents, an exact replica of Colton's football jersey, complete with his name and number on the back. "Everyone else's girlfriends will be wearing theirs. So you have to wear mine."

Parker poked Colton's chest. "I'm not your 'girlfriend', but I'll wear it. But you know I'll be at the pep rally as the mascot, right?"

"Mm-hmm," Colton growled. "Don't remind me. I might have to pull you into the locker room and have unbridled 'furry sex' with you in one of the bathroom stalls."

Parker laughed and patted Colton's chest. "That is so not gonna happen, so don't get your hopes up, big boy." He turned around and tried to look over his shoulder at the shirt. "Does it have your name on the back?"

"Yes."

Parker looked over his shoulder at Colton and smirked. "Are you looking at my ass?"

Colton's eyes snapped up. He caught Parker's gaze with hungry eyes and ran the tip of his tongue across his bottom lip. He hadn't planned on fooling around with Parker since they were running late, but seeing him in his jersey made him want to dominate his boy, to make Parker submit to the stronger alpha wolf.

He pulled out his phone and checked the time. "We have a couple of minutes..."

"If you were here earlier..."

Colton unbuckled his belt and undid his jeans. "I'm here now. Suck my cock."

Colton watched Parker's eyes widen at his demand.

Parker let out a whimper and immediately dropped to his knees. He pushed Colton's hands away and fished that big erection from his jeans and took it right into his mouth.

Colton couldn't help the smug grin on his face. His pup liked being told what to do and that was so fucking hot. Parker looked good on his knees in front of him, like he belonged there.

Parker was so hungry for his cock, hungry for his load.

Colton let Parker work him like a pro for a couple of minutes, then he stepped back.

"Mmm, not done yet," Parker grunted. "I want it."

"Uh-uh. I don't wanna come yet. I wanna taste you first."

Colton pulled Parker up to his feet and yanked his pants down. He spun Parker around so that he was leaning back against the leather chair. He dropped to a squat and took Parker's dick into his mouth.

"Oh my god," Parker gasped.

Colton bobbed up and down Parker's entire length, hollowing his cheeks and sucking hard. He reached his fingers between Parker's cheeks and found that tight little hole he loved so damn much. He found the entrance already wet. When his finger slid in nice and easy, Colton let out a growl around Parker's cock.

"I got ready for you in the shower this morning," Parker said between pants. "But you were late. Oh, right there!"

Colton stood up and spun Parker around, pushing him up onto his knees on the seat of the chair.

"Get up on your knees," Colton barked. "Show me your ass."

Parker knelt on the chair cushion. He arched his back, pushing his ass towards his man.

Colton took a moment to admire his mate's perfect ass and he couldn't help but give it a good smack, making Parker whimper and tremble.

"Please, Colton," Parker begged.

He moved into place, standing on his feet behind Parker and slowly sunk his cock into his mate. He watched it disappear inch by inch until he was buried balls deep. Colton closed his eyes and let out a breathy sigh. "You're so fucking tight."

Grabbing Parker's hips, he let his fingers dig and bruise the fair flesh. He fucked him fast and furious, grunting with each sharp thrust, his body slapping loudly against Parker's.

Colton knew he wasn't going to last. He was too turned on and Parker's ass was just too good. Picking up the pace, he didn't stop until he shot his load, sending jets of hot come deep into Parker's body.

Knowing that his pup didn't get off yet, Colton pulled back and turned Parker's quivering body around. He squatted down and took that aching shaft into his mouth.

Parker gripped the sides of Colton's head and pumped his hips back and forth, sliding his dick in and out of Colton's mouth. It only took a few strokes.

"Colton!" he cried as his body convulsed.

Colton felt the hot dick pulse against his tongue and his mouth was flooded with hot spunk. He savored the sweet essence that tasted of his pup, then drank down every drop.

When Parker fell back into the chair panting and trying to catch his breath, Colton stood up and yanked up his jeans, tucking away his hard-on. "C'mon, pup. We gotta go."

"You expect me to be able to walk after that?" he asked as he struggled to get out of the chair. He was practically shaking as he pulled up his pants. "Oh, jeez. I'm gonna be leaking you all morning."

"Fuck. When you talk like that..." Colton growled and grabbed for Parker, cupping his ass cheeks in his meaty palms.

Parker put his hand in the middle of Colton's chest and pushed back, swinging out of the way. "Oh, no, I can't do it again. You're gonna kill me."

Colton laughed and leaned in for a quick kiss. He grabbed Parker's backpack and they ran out of the house.

Colton opened his car's passenger door for Parker, then tossed Parker's bag into the backseat.

"Do you think things will be different at school?" Parker asked as he settled into the front seat.

"I honestly don't know. I do know that they won't fuck with our pack. Seth knows he can't win."

Colton said it with such conviction, he could see Parker was convinced. Parker nodded and sat up straight in his seat.

When they arrived at school, they found Jed and Trey waiting in their customary spot. Like Colton, they were wearing their football jerseys for the pep rally. A nervous energy surrounded them and Jed breathed a visible sigh of relief as Colton rounded the front of his car.

"What's going on?" Colton asked as he greeted his friends with fist taps. "Anything new?"

Trey looked between the Colton and Parker and raised a brow as his nostrils flared. "You're cutting it close. Everything seems the same so far," Trey said. "But I'm glad it's Friday."

"It's still weird," Jed added, looking around. "I feel like I'm in enemy territory."

Colton boxed Jed's ear. "Well, get your head on straight. We got the pep rally today and tomorrow's the state game."

* * *

Parker put on his wolf costume for the last time and headed out of the stadium's locker room. He felt really strange wearing the Timberwolf costume. It would only be a matter of time before he changed into a real wolf for the very first time. The fact that he was a wolf wearing a wolf costume was kind of messing with his head.

He didn't really follow pro ball like Colton and his pack-mates did, but the fact that they were playing at the stadium was really awesome. Seeing the cheerleaders gathered, he walked over to Shell with the wolf head in his hand.

As he neared, he could smell anxiety coming off her. He put his hand on her arm. "Hey. Are you okay?"

"What? Yeah. Of course." She was distracted, not making eye contact.

"You've been scarce this week. How're things going with Curtis?"

"Good," she said with a shrug.

"Yeah. It must be real good if he's got you so tired you can't talk."

When she didn't take the bait, Parker knew for sure that something was up.

After a moment, she whispered, "He says we can't hang out anymore."

"He did?" Parker felt his eyes start to water.

"What happened the other day? Curtis was kinda freaked out, really nervous. He wouldn't tell me anything."

"I think Curtis has to tell you," Parker said.

They stood together in awkward silence, waiting for a few moments while Parker tried not to start crying, when out of the blue Shell asked, "Have you noticed anything weird about Colton or Curtis... or some of their friends?"

"What do you mean?" Parker asked, not sure where the question was going, and hoping that he wasn't reading too much into it. He prayed the nervousness didn't show in his voice. He had never outright lied to Shell before, but he didn't know what to say.

"You know what I mean," she whispered as she finally looked up and made eye contact.

Parker swallowed the lump in his throat, nodded his head, and then looked away. He had suspected that she was more to Curtis than just a girlfriend and now he was positive. He didn't know what to tell her. He wanted to talk to her so bad, to spill his guts and tell her everything. But it wasn't his place.

He swiped away the tear that fell down his cheek and he could see the pain mirrored in her watery eyes.

"You'll always be my best friend," Parker whispered before he moved away.

Parker hadn't realized that when Timber Pack split off from the Forest View Pack that there would be such a division. They were now seen as rivals... exiles.

That division became painfully obvious once the game started. Where the FVHS Timberwolves previously operated like a well-oiled machine, there was now tension in the ranks. Colton, Jed and Trey were rivals to the Forest View Pack and their teammates treated them as such.

That tension cost them the game and the state title.

Parker knew then that the rest of the school year was going to suck just as bad.

* * *

The FVHS Timberwolves just had their butts handed to them. By the end of the first quarter, they were down 14 to 0. They never fully recovered and ended up losing, 28 to 14. It was a humiliating loss, after what was up until then an undefeated season.

On their way out of the locker room, Colton grabbed Parker's bag and stormed out without a word.

Parker didn't need ESP to feel how pissed off he was. The anger was rolling off him. Not that he blamed Colton. Seth and his buddies had blamed him and Trey for the loss and the rest of the team was too happy to take sides.

As they approached the bus, the sound of shouting made them pick up the pace.

Seth and TJ were fighting Jed, surrounded by a group of their supposed teammates, including Shell's boyfriend Curtis.

Jed could have taken either one separately, but two against one was just not fair. Parker could feel Jed's beast on the surface, ready to shift. This was about to get real ugly real quick.

"Cut it out!" Parker shouted. He tried to get in the middle, but Colton pulled him back, tossing him towards Trey, who was quickly following up behind.

"Stop," Colton ordered. He spoke in a normal volume, but his voice was deep and commanding. It was suddenly dead silent. Everyone stopped what they were doing, turned and looked at him, including the humans as well as Parker.

He hadn't heard Colton use his "alpha" voice before. The effect went straight to his groin. As his dick stiffened in his sweat pants he tugged the front of his sweatshirt down in an effort to hide it. The timing was so inappropriate, but Parker couldn't help himself.

Colton quietly spoke to Jed, but he kept his eyes on Seth. "Jed, get on the bus."

Jed opened his mouth to protest but thought better of it. He tipped his head deferentially and obeyed Colton's order.

Colton walked up to Seth, got into his face, and spoke low enough that the humans wouldn't hear. "If you have a problem with my pack, you challenge me directly. Of course, you know that you won't win. Isn't that right? For the next six months, this is still my territory. I run the school. Don't forget it."

Colton stared Seth down until Seth lowered his eyes and ever so slightly tilted his head to the side.

Colton turned to Parker. "Go, pup. Get on the bus."

Parker nodded. He glanced over his shoulder and gave Curtis a hard glare while Seth just stood there red-faced and glowering.

"Okay, guys," Curtis said, breaking eye contact with Parker. "Break it up. Let's get on the bus and let's go home."

* * *

Several days later, Parker sat in class, only half paying attention to the teacher as she drew equations on the board.

He became aware of an odd sensation, a sort of tingling, that started in the back of his head. Parker rubbed his hand against the base of his skull.

Colton was upset.

Somehow he just knew it. He glanced up at the clock and watched the last minute tick by. When the bell rang, he was already out of his chair, hurrying out of the class room.

Using his nose, he made his way through the school hallways, following Colton's scent. It was the one thing that he could reliably pick out.

He found Colton and Trey quietly talking in the hallway outside the gym.

Colton looked up, surprised. "Hey, pup. What are you doing over here?" he asked as he grabbed Parker's hand and pulled him close.

"I was checking that everything was okay."

"Why wouldn't it be?" he answered with a smile.

Parker scrunched his eyebrows and glared. "Colton."

Colton let out a sharp breath. "Okay. Fine. I heard from a Lycan Council representative about our pack registration."

"What did they say?" Parker asked.

"It seems that asshole Forrest didn't waste any time informing them of our exile, so they already had us pre-registered. I had to fill in the details about you, though. They're sending an info packet."

Parker blinked back at Colton. "Wait. They have a packet? Like a 'Welcome to Your New Pack' packet?"

"Yeah. Something like that."

"So why are you upset?"

"I asked about the rogue wolf. They said that Alpha Forrest assures them that he has the situation under control. That fucker is just sitting on his ass. If he doesn't want to do anything about it, then that's fine." Colton's voice started to rise in volume. "I'm alpha of my own pack now. I don't answer to him. I--"

Parker glanced around the hall, and then cut off Colton before he spiralled out of control. "Hey. You need to calm down."

Parker knew the best way to relax Colton's nerves, but he couldn't really do anything about that in the middle of school. But he was already late for his next class. Why not?

He motioned with his head for Colton to follow him. "C'mon."

Parker walked over to the gym doors and listened. He didn't hear any noise, so he opened the doors and stepped inside. He looked back at Colton and gave him a seductive smile. "You coming?"

Colton caught Parker's double meaning and his eyes darkened as they dilated. He glanced over his shoulder at Trey. "We'll talk later." Colton followed Parker into the deserted gym, then towards the men's locker room.

Before stepping into the locker room, Parker listened and sniffed. He didn't hear anything and didn't smell anything, other than that funky wet sock/dirty jockstrap smell the locker room always had. With his new sense of smell, it was pretty intense, but it was kind of erotic.

Parker quickly walked past the rows of lockers and stepped into the last bathroom stall. He turned around and smiled when he saw Colton step in and latch the door behind him.

Parker had always wanted to do this. He had heard Jed telling Trey about bringing a guy in here and he wanted to try it.

He sat down on the toilet seat and reached for Colton's belt. He unbuckled it, then unsnapped his jeans. He pulled the front of Colton's shirt free and slid his hand underneath, rubbing his fingers across the fur-covered ridges of his abdominal muscles.

He pulled Colton's cock free and the thick length bobbed in front of his face before pointing at his nose.

Colton grunted. "God, I love you."

Parker looked up at him and smiled. "You're just saying that because I'm about to suck you off."

Parker flicked his tongue across the slit, lapping up the pearl of pre-come that had oozed out. He closed his eyes and savored the sweet taste of the slippery liquid. Flicking his tongue under the head, he teased that soft spot where his foreskin connected. He then took Colton's thick shaft into his mouth and swallowed down as much as he could.

Colton let out a long groan. One hand grabbed the top of the stall's partition wall while the other moved to the back of Parker's head. "Suck it," he growled.

Parker's dick jerked in his pants and a drop of pre-come bubbled out into his briefs. He loved it when Colton dominated him. He looked up at Colton, who stared down at him with a lustful, needy expression on his face.

"I love your big dick," Parker whispered.

He swirled his tongue around the velvety foreskin, then took him deep into his mouth. As Parker sucked Colton, he managed to unbutton his jeans and pull his own dick out. He smeared the pre-come around and began a quick stroke.

Parker kept eye contact with Colton, and used every trick he knew to get his mate to come. He sucked hard while bobbing and twisting his mouth and hand. His tongue fluttered back and forth, swirling around the head.

Colton pulled at the back of his head, urging him to go faster. His legs began to tremble and his breath came in short pants. "Don't stop, pup."

Suddenly, Parker realized that he was actually the one in control. He had reduced the big alpha of a werewolf pack to a quivering mass of muscle.

Colton gripped his hair in an iron tight fist. His knees dipped and he let out a loud grunt as he bucked his hips up. Holding Parker's head in place, Colton's cock throbbed and began spewing thick ropes of hot come into Parker's mouth.

Parker moaned around Colton's pulsing shaft and he shot his own load all over the floor between Colton's boots.

Colton pulled Parker up to his feet and kissed him. His tongue swept into Parker's mouth and the two shared a deep, creamy kiss.

"That was fun," Parker whispered. "I've never skipped class to... you know..."

"Suck cock in a locker room bathroom stall?"

"Yeah," Parker laughed nervously. "Though you could have worded it in a way that made me sound less like a total slut."

"Lucky me." Colton grinned a cocky smirk. "I reap the rewards when you act like a slut."

"You like that, don't you? That you're the only one I've been with."

"Hell yeah I do."

Once they cleaned themselves up, as well as the floor in front of the toilet, Parker followed Colton out of the stall. Colton sat down on one of the benches and bent over to re-tie the laces on one of his boots.

Parker sat down next to him. "Everything is going to be okay. Right?"

Colton put his arm around Parker's shoulders. "Of course."

"Can I ask you a question? If Shell was mated to a wolf, could they join our pack?"

"Well, if she was mated to a wolf, and that's a big 'if,' then they could petition to join our pack. But we couldn't ask them. That would be seen as an act of aggression."
