 The next morning, Colton picked Parker up for school again. He had lunch with Colton and his friends, but this time Shell made other plans. Parker felt bad, like he had ditched his best friend, but she insisted that he go. Parker suspected that she was probably interested in a new guy.

After cheer practice, Parker waited for football practice to finish up. When Colton asked him if he wanted to hang out for awhile, Parker quickly agreed.

Colton drove to the mall and they went to the food court. Colton bought each of them a cherry slushie and they shared a big soft pretzel with extra salt and cheddar cheese to dip it in. They found an empty table and sat down across from each other. As soon as they sat down, Colton stretched his legs out, trapping Parker's in between.

Parker let out an embarrassing laugh that sounded perilously close to a nervous giggle and Colton smiled at him. Colton had a way of putting Parker at ease. Parker was able to relax and enjoy himself.

After they finished their snack, they made their way through the mall, and Colton obviously had a destination in mind.

"Where are we going?" Parker asked.

"We're gonna play slot racers."

Parker looked up at Colton skeptically, but decided to go with it. He followed Colton into the slot racer shop. The store was one huge race track, which zipped and curved all around an elaborate miniature town. The little slot cars were remote operated and they sat on top of the grooved track. Aside from the shop's clerk, they were the only two in the store.

Colton paid for their time and they both picked out their cars. Parker chose a little red convertible, while Colton went for a yellow muscle car.

"Ready, pup?" Colton asked.

Parker nodded. When the light changed to green and the horn sounded, Parker pulled the accelerator trigger and his car took off.

It was a lot of fun. He and Colton were both laughing their asses off. They shoved each other with their shoulders while talking smack.

When the heat time was up, Parker's car was a fraction of a second ahead of Colton's. He jumped up and let out a whoop. "Yes! Eat my dust."

Colton growled. "Let's play again."

"Someone's a sore loser," Parker joked.

Colton didn't reply back, his mind was already concentrating on the game.

They played again, but this time Colton smoked his ass. Parker hadn't realized how competitive his new boyfriend was, but he should have known. They played three more heats and each time, Colton won. Colton didn't gloat, but he smiled smugly, clearly pleased with himself.

Parker poked his bottom lip out in an exaggerated pout. "You're supposed to let me win if you want me to put out."

Colton stared down at Parker with that intense gaze. "You'll put out either way."

Parker smiled. "Are you so sure of that?"

The corner of Colton's mouth turned up as he struggled to keep a straight face. "Yes."

Of course Colton was right. Parker laughed and Colton finally broke out in a smile.

Colton dipped his head down towards Parker's face. His voice was a husky whisper, forcing Parker to move in slightly to hear him. "What if I leaned down and kissed you right here, right now? Would you still let me, even though I just whooped your ass?"

Parker's face flushed and his laughter turned into a nervous chuckle. He cut his eyes sideways towards the clerk. His tongue darted out over his lips.

"One more game," Parker whispered.

They played one more game. This time, Colton pulled back at the last second and let Parker win. And when Colton took Parker home, he made sure their on-the-couch make-out session was hot enough to make Colton's loss worth it.

* * *

Somehow Parker managed to make it through the week. He was more than ready for his birthday party. He couldn't remember the last time he was anticipating a birthday this much. He wasn't sure what Shell had planned, but he was excited because it would be the first time that he and Colton would be hanging out together with other people outside of school.

Sure, everyone knew that they were dating. That was apparent on Monday morning and it didn't take long for the entire student body to know. He went to school with Colton every day, had lunch with him and then hung out after school. After just a couple of days, he seemed to fall in line with Colton's friends like he was born to the position. And Parker noticed that it was always the same configuration: with Parker always on Colton's right side, standing in between Colton and big Jed. Trey flanked Colton's left side.

Parker loved his time spent with Colton. The big guy was surprisingly sweet when the two of them were alone. While in public, he had a bad-ass persona to maintain, but he never treated Parker like he was a side-piece trick. In fact, he treated Parker like he was the most important thing in his world. Parker soaked up the attention like a sponge.

Parker took extra time getting ready for the party. He quickly decided on a pair of jeans that were a little tight in the butt. They also made his package look pretty good. He tried on a bunch of shirts before deciding to go with a simple t-shirt.

After several heavy make-out sessions with Colton, he was pretty sure that tonight, things would be going further. And Parker was so ready. He was eighteen years old now, officially an adult.

Tonight, he was going to get some dick.

And something told him that Colton would be more than willing to give it to him.

"Parker, can you come down here?"

Parker grabbed his phone and headed downstairs towards his mom's voice, following it into the kitchen.

His mother and father were standing at the kitchen table smiling. "Happy birthday!" they both exclaimed. On the table was a small chocolate cake with a single lit candle and an envelope.

He gave them both a hug. "Thank you."

Parker leaned down and blew out the candle. The cake clearly came from a grocery store and said "Happy Birthday" on it. It was the same thing he got every year. Parker didn't really mind. The grocery store cakes were a lot better than what his mom could have made, not that she ever attempted to bake anything.

While his mother sliced the cake, Parker opened his birthday card. It was your standard boring 'happy eighteen' card with a picture of a cake on the front and a pre-printed 'happy birthday' message inside. But also included was $300 dollars in three crisp one hundred dollar bills.

"Thank you," Parker said, giving each of his parents another hug.

The three sat down at the table and enjoyed a piece of cake.

"What time is Michelle picking you up for your party?" his mother asked, setting aside her cake after two bites.

"Shell's not picking me up, Colton is. But she said we needed to leave at 7:00."

Barney frowned. "Colton?"

"Parker's new... friend," Kate explained. She shot a look to Barney that let him know her thoughts on their "friendship" included more than just being friends.

"Have we met him?" Barney asked, looking between his wife and son.

"I've seen him around a couple of times this week," Kate offered.

"His name's Colton Butler," Parker added. "His dad is a sheriff's deputy."

"Carlton Butler's son?" Barney grunted. "I've heard about that kid. He's trouble."

"He seems like a nice young man," Kate said. "Awfully big, though."

"He is nice, Mom," Parker quickly added. "He's not a troublemaker at all."

Barney shook his head. "That's not what I heard. A golfing buddy of mine works in the sheriff's office and he's told me plenty about the deputy's son. Drinking, loitering, cruising, fighting. I don't approve of you hanging out with this thug. You know, our company handles the Sheriff's investments. He's quite wealthy and powerful."

Parker chose to ignore his father's boasting since it had nothing to do with what they were talking about. But he was shocked. Where the hell was all of this bullshit about Colton coming from? "That's not fair, Dad. You don't even know him. He's not like that at all."

Barney was interrupted by his BlackBerry. He looked down at the screen before looking back up at Parker. "We're not done with this conversation," he said, pointing his phone at Parker. He got up from the table, answering the phone as he left the room. "Montgomery... Go ahead..."

Parker sighed and turned back to his mother. "Mom, he's not like that. Honest. I don't know where Dad heard all of that from, but it's total bullshit. I'm eighteen years old now and I am not going to stop seeing him."

Kate Montgomery narrowed her eyes and hardened her voice. "You better watch the way you speak to me, Parker. I won't take that kind of backtalk under my own roof. Do you understand me?"

Parker dropped his eyes, realizing that he had pushed too far. "Yes."

Kate reached over and squeezed Parker's hand and softened her voice. "Now, why don't you have him over for dinner sometime next week and we can get to know him a little better, okay?"

Parker readily nodded in agreement. If his parents just got to know Colton, they'd realize what a great guy he was. They would be happy for him because Colton made Parker happy. "Okay. That sounds like a good idea."

"Good. Now put the cake away if you're finished and clean up the dishes."

She gave Parker a pat on his shoulder before walking out of the room.

After putting away the dishes, Parker sliced a nice, big piece of cake, wrapped it, and then set it aside for Colton. He covered up the rest of the cake, then went to the living room and laid down on the sofa and anxiously waited for Colton.

As soon as Colton's car pulled into the driveway, Parker jumped off of the sofa. He grabbed the plastic-wrapped paper plate from the coffee table and pushed his feet into his shoes.

"Bye! See you tonight," he called out to his parents, not that he expected a reply from wherever they were in the house.

He shut the door behind him and hurried into Colton's car. He set the paper plate on the seat between them.

"I brought you a piece of birthday cake," Parker said.

"Thanks, pup." Colton leaned in and gave Parker a smoldering kiss. "Happy birthday."

"Thanks."

"Where's your jacket?" Colton asked with his brows furrowed and a frown on his face.

"Oh, I forgot it. I was in a hurry to get out here. Hold on, I'll go get it."

Colton shrugged off his hoodie and gave it to Parker. "Here. Put this on."

Parker pulled the jacket on without hesitation and zipped it up. "I think I have more of your clothes than you do," he laughed as he bunched up the sleeves.

Colton leaned over and pulled Parker in for another kiss. "I like you in my clothes," he said with a growly voice. "You smell like me."

"That was an odd thing to say," Parker thought.

He lifted the front of the sweatshirt and sniffed. "It does smell like you. It smells good." Parker leaned in and gave Colton a quick peck on the lips. Before he could pull back, Colton grabbed the back of his head and pressed his mouth onto Parker's, sliding his tongue inside, kissing him until he became lightheaded.

"I have something for you," Colton said. "For your birthday. I have more for later, but I want to give this to you now."

He dug into his pocket and pulled out a friendship bracelet braided with black threads, accented with silver. He took Parker's left hand and tied it around his wrist next to Shell's bracelet. He gave the bracelet a gentle tug, making sure it was fastened securely. When he did, the blue bracelet finally ripped.

"Oh no," Parker moaned. "It broke."

"Oops. My bad, pup," Colton said. He balled up the other bracelet and put it in the palm of Parker's hand.

"It should be fixable," Parker said as he examined the tattered ends.

"Probably. But would it be okay if you just wore mine?"

Parker studied Colton for a minute. "You broke that on purpose."

Colton didn't meet Parker's eyes. "Maybe," he mumbled.

Colton looked so cute right then that Parker almost laughed. He was surprised that Colton admitted that he broke the bracelet. But then, that was the kind of person Colton was. Maybe he wasn't perfect and could use a lesson in tact, but he was honest and loyal. Parker felt it deep in his gut that he could trust Colton, and he could show Colton that trust by returning his loyalty.

"Did you buy it?" Parker asked as he ran his fingers over the new bracelet.

"No. I made it. Jed showed me how." He smiled proudly.

Parker noticed several imperfections in the braiding and that made it absolutely perfect as far as he was concerned. "Okay. I'll just wear yours then." Parker pushed Shell's bracelet into his pocket, not wanting to lose it. He would put it in his box of mementos when he got home. "Thank you." He leaned forward, seeking a kiss and Colton didn't disappoint him.

Colton gave Parker one more intense kiss, then put the car into gear. He looked back as he pulled out of the driveway and sped off, heading away from town.

"Where are we going?" Parker asked. He ran his tongue over his swollen bottom lip. He could still taste Colton on his mouth. His chin tingled erotically from being scratched by Colton's goatee. And his dick was so hard he could poke a hole through a steel plate.

"To the old water tower."

"Oh, okay."

As Colton drove, Parker leaned back in his seat and discreetly pushed his dick into a more comfortable position.

Parker had never been up to the old water tower, but he had heard about it, of course. It was a notorious party hot spot for the popular kids at school.

The old water tower was located on the outskirts of town, up on a hill. It was still in use, but a new, larger, more modern water tower was built several years ago and now fed most of the city.

Colton pulled off the road onto the unpaved gravel tracks that led up to the tower. The chain link gate surrounding the structure was already open. Colton parked in the gravel lot next to Trey's sports car.

Parker got out of the car and walked around to Colton's side. Colton grabbed another hoodie from the backseat and pulled it on. He held out his hand to Parker. Parker grabbed his hand and the pair walked to the base of the water tower.

A small campfire was lit, bathing the area in a soft, flickering light. Shell was already there, as were Jed and Trey, plus a handful of the cheerleaders and football players that Parker was friendly with.

Jed was sitting next to a cooler on the tailgate of his pickup truck.

"Hey, birthday boy!" Shell squealed. She ran up to Parker and pulled him into a big hug. She gave Colton a smile. "Hey, Colton. Thanks for coming." She grabbed Parker's hand and tugged. "C'mon."

Parker let Shell drag him over to the campfire while Colton joined Jed at the tailgate of his truck.

* * *

Jed handed Colton a can of beer before pulling his own out of the cooler in the bed of his truck. Jed and Colton tapped their cans together in a toast and drank.

Colton never took his eyes off Parker as he stared at him over the rim of his can. Parker was standing with Shell and Trey and seemed unaware that he was being watched as he laughed with his friends. But Colton had been watching him for a long time now. His boy was fucking gorgeous. His big green eyes and messy blond hair. His happy smile. His tight body. Just catching a smell of him made his dick twitch.

"Congratulations, man," Jed said quietly. "Parker's cute. Quite the catch."

Colton shot Jed a look. "I already warned you once. You touch him, I swear to god, I will fuck you up."

Jed held his hands up. "Hey, I'm not trying to poach your boy." He took a drink of his beer. "So, you're both mating age now. What are you gonna do? Hey. Can you even mate a human? You gotta bite him to mark him, right? But if you bite him, won't he turn?"

"I don't know. I need to talk to Dad or Alpha Forrest. I don't really know how this shit works. I don't want to hurt Parker. No matter what, I won't let Dad or Alpha keep me from him. He is my mate. And make no mistake, I will have him."

Jed downed the rest of his beer, tossed the empty into a pile, and then grabbed another can. "I don't know how you do it. I can barely go a week before my wolf hormones go into overload."

Colton laughed. "I have more will power than you do," he said, tipping his head towards Jed's empty beer cans. "And it's not your wolf hormones. It's because you're a man whore."

Jed spewed beer all over the place. He laughed and flipped Colton off as he wiped down his shirt. "Fucker."

Colton snickered before turning back to look at Parker. "Besides, I know Parker will be worth the wait."

The truth was, it wasn't easy at all for Colton. When male wolf shifters go through puberty, their hormone levels spike through the roof. They spend as much time as they can sticking their dick into anything that moves. It was just before Colton's first change at fifteen that he lost his virginity. He had bedded more than his share of willing partners, mostly male, but there were a few females thrown in the mix. But after finding Parker, he didn't want anyone else. He physically ached with the need to feel Parker under him, submitting to him.

Colton felt a little guilty for snapping the bracelet Shell made for Parker. But he didn't want his boy to be wearing anything that came from anyone else. It didn't matter that Shell wasn't a threat to his claim. Yeah, it was a dick move, but he wasn't going to apologize for it.

"Are you sure he's the one?"

"Yeah. From the very first time I saw him and smelled him. I just knew. You'll know if you meet yours. You don't know how hard it was to control myself when he's near. Whenever I smell him, I want to push him to the ground and take him right there. We were making out a couple of days ago and he accidentally rubbed my cock over my shorts and I almost lost control and fucking shifted. Right then and there, full on furry."

"I ain't looking to get mated now or anytime soon." Then Jed chuckled. "I bet he would have shit his pants when he all of a sudden had an enormous black wolf on top of him, humping on his leg." Jed and Colton continued to watch Parker laugh with Shell and one of the other cheerleaders. Jed cocked his head to the side. "I bet he's a virgin. Yeah. Definitely."

Colton growled deep in his chest, directing a menacing glare at his friend. Jed had a lot of experience taking virgin boy ass. He'd better keep his eyes, hands, and anything else off Parker's ass.

"Parker's virgin status is none of your damned business. Don't make me tell you again."

"Sheesh, Mr. Sensitive. Don't shoot the messenger. I'm just saying. Are you gonna tell him... about us?"

"Yes. When the time is right." He sipped his beer, watching Parker over the rim of his can.

"Just be careful."

"I won't tell him anything until after I talk to my dad or the Alpha."

* * *

Parker had a great time at his party. He was glad that it was just a small gathering, nothing crazy, just people standing around talking.

Colton let him have a taste of his beer, but Parker decided he didn't like the taste at all. Jed seemed to drink half of the case, but didn't seem to get drunk. Even if he had a high tolerance to the stuff, if he kept drinking like that, he was going to end up with a huge beer gut.

Jed left right after Trey disappeared with one of the cheerleaders. Jed had said he was meeting one of the baseball jocks for a little "batting practice," complete with air quotes and a devilish grin. Parker didn't want to know any more details.

Soon Shell left as well as the others, leaving Parker alone with Colton.

Colton extinguished the fire by tossing sand into the firepit, then held out his hand to Parker. "Come walk with me, pup."

Parker walked with Colton through the woods. It was dark, quiet and a little romantic.

Colton pulled a plastic zippered baggie out of his jacket pocket and held it open for Parker. "Want some jerky?"
