 "Hold on!" Jed shouted.

Parker yelped as Jed's monster four wheel truck hit a hole in the rutted two-track, sending him flying forward. He grabbed on to the seat belt shoulder strap with one hand and grabbed the headrest in front of him with the other.

Jed let out a rebel yell as Colton and Trey cheered him on.

Another bump had Parker screaming as he nearly hit the ceiling.

When Colton suggested that Parker needed "bonding time" with Colton and his friends, Parker happily agreed. He was now regretting that decision.

Parker and Colton had been dating seriously for almost four weeks now. They spent all of their spare time together. Parker felt a little guilty that Colton didn't see his friends as often. He knew how close they were. He also felt guilt over not spending as much time with Shell, but Shell was dating Curtis hot and heavy now, so she wasn't around as much either.

The plan for today was to celebrate Trey receiving a full athletic scholarship to Tech. Parker thought they were going to go out to dinner, maybe a party. He didn't know that their idea of bonding time was four-wheeling in the mud. It had rained hard last night, all night long. Everything was completely wet and muddy.

Jed drove his truck like a mad man. There was so much mud on the windows, Parker didn't know how the big lug could even see where they were going. Colton rode shotgun in the front passenger seat, with Parker directly behind him, in the back seat with Trey.

The three jocks yelled and whooped every time Jed hit a bump.

Jed did a donut, screeched the truck to a halt and gave a final rebel yell.

As it came to a stop, Parker thought the truck was literally going to roll over. He clutched at his chest as he tried to calm his breathing. "Holy Jesus, I think I just crapped my pants!"

The other three men laughed until they were in tears.

"Let's stretch our legs," Colton said. He opened the truck door and jumped out.

That was fine with Parker. Right now, getting out of that killer truck was more important than anything in the entire world. He unbuckled his seat belt and pushed open the door. He stepped on to the running board and lost his footing on the slippery mud-covered surface. With a startled yelp, he found himself flat on his back in a pool of bone-chilling cold mud.

"Holy shit, are you okay, pup?" Colton asked as he crouched down.

Parker wasn't hurt, but he was totally humiliated. Jed and Trey stood by watching him, obviously trying not to laugh. His anger rose and he felt a stinging in his eyes as he tried to hold it together.

He looked up at Colton. Colton looked down at him with concern. Not pity, not mockery. Colton reached out and brushed a blob of mud from Parker's face, then cleared some away from his eye. His voice lowered to a whisper, "Even covered in mud, you're fucking adorable, pup. Christ, you make me happy."

Parker nearly melted. How could he stay mad after hearing that?

Colton looked up at his friends. "We're gonna go down to the river and clean up." He grabbed Parker's hands and pulled him to his feet.

"We're gonna go for a run," Jed said. "A hike. In the woods."

He and Trey turned and ran off towards the woods.

Parker looked around and frowned. Jed's 4x4 monster truck was completely caked with mud from top to bottom. It was sitting in an overgrown field of grass and mud. There was a fire pit and a rusted out barbecue grill nearby. Looking around, Parker noticed several other fire pits.

Behind Colton sat a row of a dozen small run-down, boarded up log cabins. Half of them looked like they were ready to collapse in on themselves. There was one larger building near the middle.

Parker could hear the rush of the nearby river, which flowed behind the cabins.

"Where are we?" Parker asked.

"Camp Timber, just across the county border. Jed said it was abandoned years ago, but the woods and trails are awesome for four-wheeling and hiking and stuff."

"How did you guys find this place? Are we supposed to be here? We're not gonna get in trouble for being here are we?"

Colton just smiled and held out his hand. "C'mon."

Parker took it and followed Colton towards one of the cabins. His sneakers squished with every step and he was completely covered in goopy brown mud from his head to his feet. He tried to wipe his face, but it was useless.

They walked past the cabin through the overgrown grass. Parker looked around his feet. "There aren't any snakes around here, are there?"

"Nah, probably not."

"'Probably' not?"

Parker scooted closer to Colton, carefully scanning the ground with each step. He followed him down to the river bank. The river was wide enough at this point that Parker knew he could swim the width of it using a little effort. There was a busted up dock that was nothing more than a few scraps of wood.

When the camp was in its prime, it was probably really nice.

Both teens stripped their clothes off and waded into the cold river.

Parker looked around. The water level was higher than normal and seemed to be flowing fairly quickly. He was a good swimmer, but he imagined an undertow pulling him away. "Is it safe?"

"It's safe here. Just stay close to the shore."

They washed the mud away from their bodies and then rinsed their clothes out. The water was cold, but it felt good to have the mud cleaned away.

"You're not having fun, are you?" Colton asked as he and Parker laid their clothes on the remains of the wooden dock.

Parker looked up. "No, I am," he insisted. He clamped his jaw down when his teeth started to chatter. Now that he was only in the river up to his knees, the air around him made him even colder. He wrapped his arms around his body, trying not to shiver. His nipples were so hard they could probably cut glass.

Parker openly stared at Colton's naked body. His wide shoulders formed a V-shape to his narrow waist. Even in the cold air, his dick looked big.

Parker looked down between his legs. It looked like his dick was trying crawl up into his body. Just great. He gave it a discreet tug, trying to make it look more presentable.

Colton coughed, trying to hide a laugh, which Parker ignored.

"So you're really having fun? Honest?" Colton asked.

"The truck was scary, but it was fun. But this is actually really nice. Good god, you're hot."

Colton smirked and flexed his muscles, then wiggled his hips, making his cock slap against his thighs. He pulled Parker close and tried to warm him up with his hands.

"I wanted to do something outside with you, in nature. I'm an outdoorsy kinda guy."

Parker leaned into Colton. The bigger boy radiated body heat that felt so damn good right now. "No, this is nice, Colt. Seriously."

"Are you sure? You seem a little distracted."

Parker let out a slow breath. "I didn't get in," Parker said quietly, looking away from Colton.

Colton looked confused. "Didn't get in what?"

"I didn't get into Tech. I got my rejection letter yesterday."

"Pup. Why didn't you say anything?"

Parker dropped his head onto Colton's shoulder. "This was supposed to be about Trey. I didn't want to ruin his day."

"So what are you gonna do?"

"I don't know. My dad is seriously pissed. He wanted me to go to Tech, since that's where he went. He said he was really disappointed in me. He said I squandered the chances I was given. If I spent more time studying instead of 'frogging around' with you...." Parker's voice started to tremble.

He closed his eyes, wanting to keep the tears at bay. It wasn't so much that he didn't get into the college that upset him. It was how his father reacted. His father barely paid attention to him before and now he was getting the silent treatment, along with sighs and head shaking.

Parker let out a deep breath. "Maybe I'll get into State. I don't know. I'm still waiting to hear from them. I don't even know what I want to study. Hell, I don't know if I even want to go to college. What about you?"

"I'm not going to college. Jed either." He thought for a moment. "I guess I'll end up going wherever you go, pup."

"You... What?"

"If you go to State, then I'll just have to move there and get a job. I can't be away from you, Parker."

Parker's fears evaporated. The separation from Colton after graduation weighed heavily in the back of his mind. Looking at Colton, he could see that he had the same fears. The two smiled at each other.

When Colton's hard-on pushed into Parker's stomach, his eyes widened.

"You make me so fucking hard, pup," Colton whispered. "I can't help it."

They continued staring into each other's eyes for a few moments longer. Parker saw the desire in Colton's dark eyes like always, but there was something else. Parker knew that this was an important moment.

He looked up towards the cabin and around at the woods before turning his attention back to Colton. "Will they be gone awhile?"

"Mm-hmm."

"Maybe we could go back to the truck for a little bit?" Parker reached between their bodies and wrapped his fingers around Colton's hard-on. He fisted the hot flesh, working the foreskin back and forth across the head, teasing the slit with his thumb.

"Let's see if we can't find something a little better, with a little more room."

Colton slipped on his shoes but remained undressed.

Parker followed Colton, loving the view of Colton's broad back and muscular ass. The two boys carried their clothes in their hands and walked up to the back of the cabin. Colton paused at the back door. He sniffed and listened at the door for a moment, then grabbed the door knob and gave the door a firm shove with his shoulder. The door jamb gave way easily.

"Damn. You're strong," whispered Parker as his eyes traveled across the sinewy muscles of Colton's back and shoulders.

Colton peeked his head in and looked around before ushering Parker inside.

The one room cabin had a living area with a fireplace, a tiny kitchenette and a small bathroom. Wooden planks were nailed over the windows, making it difficult to make out the details. The cabin was furnished, and the furniture was covered with canvas tarps. A layer of dust coated everything and Parker's body was wracked with a series of sneezes.

Colton walked to the window by the front door and yanked the boards off. Enough light streamed in through the dirty window panes that Parker could now see where he was going. He watched Colton pull the tarp off a small dining table, then lay his clothes out on the tabletop. Parker did the same. He then followed his boyfriend over to the bed.

Colton pulled the canvas tarp away, revealing a bare mattress on a rickety wooden bed frame. "I know this isn't very romantic, but..." He raised a brow, asking Parker for permission.

"No, it's fine."

Colton turned the canvas cover around so the clean side was up and then draped it over the mattress. He hurried back into the kitchen and rifled through his shorts. He came back with a small packet. He held it up for Parker to see. "Lube."

Parker smiled and blushed slightly. When Colton sucked him off, he liked to use spit soaked or lubed-up fingers on Parker's ass. He had been preparing Parker to take his cock.

Parker knew that today would be the day. And Colton knew it as well.

He pressed his body to Colton's bigger, warmer body and put his hands on Colton's tight waist. Colton leaned down and kissed him, slow and tenderly at first, then harder and more passionately.

As their kisses became deeper and more frantic, Colton pushed Parker backwards, lowering him onto the bed. The frame creaked under their combined weight.

Colton sucked Parker's neck, and then began sliding down his body, pressing kisses to smooth skin as he went. Parker closed his eyes and moaned, enjoying the sensations. Colton licked each of Parker's nipples and then kept going. Parker ran his hands through Colton's thick head of black hair.

Colton kissed and bit all over his flat belly before moving further south. His tongue slid up and down Parker's hard shaft. Parker gasped as his dick was enveloped by Colton's hot sucking mouth. It was so wet and warm.

A finger slid into the crack of Parker's ass. It was wet and slippery, already coated with lube. The sensations sent waves of pleasure right into Parker's core. He never imagined it would feel so good to be fingered, but it did every time.

"Colton... I want more."

Looking Parker square in the eye, he asked, "You sure?"

Parker nodded.

Colton sat up and pulled Parker's shoes off and dropped them onto the floor. He pushed Parker's legs up and apart, rocking his hips back and exposing the small, pink target.

Colton swiped his fingers across his tongue, then rubbed the spit soaked fingers around the rim of Parker's ass.

Colton laid down flat on the bed and spread Parker's cheeks apart. His wet tongue slid across the puckered flesh and Parker nearly leapt off the bed. "Colt!"

Encouraged by Parker's reaction, Colton ate his ass out like a wild man. Parker could only lay there and take it. Colton's hand rubbed across his chest, and pinched a nipple. Parker moaned and writhed on the bed, wanting, needing more.

He was on the verge of coming all over himself, when he finally pushed Colton's head away.

"Colton. Please. I want you."

"You got me," he whispered.

Parker laid flat on his back and took a deep breath and breathed out and closed his eyes.

"Relax, pup. Breathe."

Two thick fingers slowly pushed inside him, up to the first knuckle. They slid in easily with the lube, with only the slightest discomfort. Colton began slowly moving his fingers in and out and when he pushed it back in, he hit that spot inside Parker that had him gasping in pleasure, "Oh, Colt!"

Colton was staring into Parker's eyes and whispered, "There's the spot. You like that, don't you? Just imagine what it will feel like when it's my cock hitting that spot."

Colton chuckled when Parker's entire body shuddered. He rubbed the spot again and again, making Parker moan and whimper.

"Damn, pup. I could come just from those sounds you make. I don't know how long I'm gonna be able to last."

He dripped some more lube, and then gently slipped in a third finger as he began slowly making love to Parker with his fingers, tapping his prostate with each stroke. It was uncomfortable for a few seconds, but Parker soon got used to it and was pushing back against Colton's invading fingers, wanting more. Parker's dick was starting to ache, needing direct stimulation.

Colton leaned over and kissed Parker and looked him in the eye. "I won't hurt you, pup. I'd never hurt you."

"I know."

"It might be easier to take me on your stomach," he said quietly. "But I want to see you when I take you. I want to see your face when I make you come with my cock."

Parker's body reacted to Colton's words with a jerk and a shudder. "Oh my god, I want that, too."

Parker placed his hands on Colton's pec muscles as Colton lifted Parker's ankles onto his shoulders and leaned in. The tip of Colton's dick found Parker's hole and he rubbed it back and forth.

"Breathe slow and deep. Relax and push out, okay?"

Parker nodded and Colton slowly pushed his cock inside Parker's ass.

Parker drew in a sharp breath as Colton's cock breached him. He expected it to hurt a lot more, but he wanted Colton inside him so bad, he didn't care if he was feeling the burn. He grabbed Colton's waist and pulled him closer. "Fuck me."

Colton's eyes widened at Parker's plea. "Fuck!" he grunted. He pulled out and gripped the base of his cock, but it was too late. His come shot out, covering Parker's cock, balls and ass crack.

"Oh my god," Parker whimpered as the scalding hot liquid splattered across his balls and into the crack of his ass.

"Jesus, pup. You're so fucking hot, you make me lose control."

Watching Colton lose control was damn sexy. That he was so turned on he shot his load prematurely made Parker feel sexy himself. The fact that Colton's cock was still hard was sexy as well. His man had stamina.

Colton put the head of his still rock-hard dick back at the entrance to Parker's body. The slime-covered head slowly pushed past the tight ring of muscle.

"Breathe. Push out."

Parker took a deep breath and let it out slowly, then did it again. Within a few seconds the pain started to lessen. He opened his eyes to see Colton staring down at him. The look on his face was tender and caring and it took Parker's breath away. At that moment, he was utterly content. Colton had taken his rightful place on top of him, inside him. He loved the way Colton felt above him, the way he covered his body, surrounding him and protecting him.

"Ready?" Colton asked.

Parker nodded and he pushed in a little more, pausing every few seconds to allow Parker to adjust to his girth.

"I'm all the way inside you, pup. You're all mine now."

Parker was so caught up in Colton's dark eyes, he didn't even realize. Parker felt Colton's pubic hair tickling him and his heavy balls laying against his ass. His sphincter throbbed around the girth of Colton's shaft.

"I've always been yours."

Colton shifted slightly, making Parker grunt from the pressure. "Oh, damn you're big, Colt."

"Fuck, you are so hot and tight. Your ass is squeezing my cock. You feel so fucking good..."

They laid still for a moment. Parker could feel Colton's girth throbbing inside him with every beat of the bigger man's heart.

Colton started to move. He slowly pulled out, nearly all the way, and then even more slowly pushed back in.

Parker gasped and cried out his name in surprise when that big dick hit his prostate and dragged across it. His fingernails dug into Colton's skin as his back arched.

"Do that again, right there. Move, Colt. Don't stop, please, don't stop..."

Colton let Parker's legs down and hooked the ankles around his butt and thighs. He began slowly making love to Parker. They both groaned and moaned as Colton's hips sawed back and forth. Colton's mouth was everywhere, sucking on Parker's nipples, his collarbones and neck.

"Oh god," Parker moaned. "Why did we wait to do this?" He rubbed his hands all over Colton, feeling the power of his sinewy muscles.

As he kissed Parker, sliding his tongue into his boy's mouth, he picked up the pace and his thrusting became more intense. Every time Colton tapped Parker's g-spot, he let out a little whimper. Parker gripped him tighter as he thrust. Parker could tell that Colton was holding back, trying not to thrust too hard, but Parker wanted it. He wanted all that Colton had; he didn't want Colton to ever have to hold back with him.

"I won't break, Colt. Give it to me."

Colton shuddered and his thrusts quickened. He slammed into Parker, their thighs connecting with a slap.

"Yes," Parker moaned. His body trembled with need. "Harder."

"Take it," he growled. "Take my cock."

The bed shook beneath them. The old frame rocked against the wall, keeping time with Colton's punishing pace.

Colton reached down and grabbed Parker's chin, and forced him to look up into his eyes. "You're mine, Parker Montgomery. Mine." He pinned Parker down and fucked him into the mattress.

"Yes! Yours!" Parker cried, pushing back onto him, meeting his thrusts. He thrashed about on the bed underneath his big lover, his hands and feet digging into the muscles of that hard body.

"Don't stop," Parker moaned. "Please."

"You beg so fucking good."

Parker's groin tightened. The tingles spread and the pressure built. He cried out, "Colt! I think I'm gonna... You're gonna make me... I'm gonna come! Don't stop, don't stop!"

"Shoot it for me, Parker."

"Oh my god, Colt!" Parker screamed.

His head slammed back against the mattress as he arched his back up. He clamped his ass muscles down around Colton's thrusting cock.

Colton's mouth latched onto Parker's exposed neck. He sucked hard at the base, pulling fresh blood to the surface, marking him for the world to see.
