 This is a single scene from a longer story that I hope to eventually submit. I welcome any and all comments.

***

I couldn't believe the opportunity that had presented itself. The object of my lust and desire for the past four years was lying completely naked below me, mere inches away. His name was Tristan. I had first seen him when he was 14 and just entering high school. I was enslaved by his beauty and boyish charm from the moment I saw him. He was the son of a colleague at the high school where I taught and attended the school for the next four years. During that time, I had him in class so I had the opportunity to watch him grow into an attractive young man, although I thought I would be driven insane by temptation from being so near to him.

I'll be 30 this year, I kept telling myself. He's already 18 and has entered college, so there's nothing wrong with this. He's an adult who can make his own decisions.

Before me lay the beautiful boy whom I had coveted for the past four years. His body was more amazing than I had even imagined. Standing five feet tall, he was still a full head shorter than myself, but his body was slender and trim. His chest was well defined, accented by the short silver chain he wore around his neck, while his stomach was flat and hard. With his hands raised above his head, I could see that he had strong arms and his body was covered in a very light tan. With one hand I held his wrists above his head and my other hand had snaked behind his back and was cradling his neck. I leaned forward to whisper into his ear.

"Are you afraid?" I asked.

"No!"

He sounds so childish right now, I thought to myself, grinning inside. "Are you ashamed?"

"Of course!"

Even his voice cracked. "Do you want me to stop?" He didn't respond. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed a single tear trickling down his cheek. I stopped it with my lips before it reached his ear, causing him to jerk his head slightly in surprise. "You don't need to worry, I promise to take care of you." I imagined him relaxing a little in my arms at this. Allowing my cheek to brush against his, I moved my head so I could see his face. I could see fear, shame, and uncertainty written in his expression. His eyes were open, but were averted to the side. Closing my eyes, I nestled my nose against his and rested my forehead on his. Whispering with our lips only inches apart, I repeated, "I promise to take care of you." I imagined him relaxing ever so slightly again. Raising my head, I opened my eyes to see him looking me in the face now. The fear was gone, but the shame and uncertainty remained. I couldn't help but smile a little.

I rested my cheek against his once more and whispered into his ear, "Do you want to continue?" I held my breath waiting for his response. My heart began racing with anticipation. The excitement in my mind was slowly being replaced with doubt as that moment drew on. Just when I thought I couldn't hold my breath in any longer I felt a slight movement against my cheek. What's this? He nodded yes!  I released my breath with an audible sigh of relief. I realized how tightly I was holding him to my body and relaxed my grip. He seemed more relaxed now too. The bastard gave all his anxiety to me, I thought to myself with a little smirk.

Raising my head again, I looked into the face of my lover. His expression was unreadable, although I saw an unmistakably pleading look in his eyes. I will make you mine now, I thought as I leaned into him for a kiss. I felt his body melt in my hands and he timidly reached around to place his hands on my shoulder and back. With my left hand I pulled his back away from the bed and his chest against mine, at the same time forcing his head back with my kiss, causing his body to arch beneath mine. With his hardened cock pressed into my stomach leading me on, I traced his lips with my tongue, causing a tremor throughout his body with each movement.

Just as my passion was reaching a peak, he pulled his lips away and relaxed his body. Sliding his arms under my chest, my fear and confusion evaporated as he reached up and gently pushed down on my shoulders with his hands. Though he wouldn't meet my eyes, I grinned at him gave him a kiss on he chin before working my way down his neck and chest again. When I reached his stomach, his cock brushing my neck and the underside of my chin, I felt him remove his arms from my shoulders. I took his hands in mine and guided them back, "Leave them here." His fingers were trembling but he gave a slight nod.

Returning my attention to the erection that was resting against my face, I began kissing and sucking at his cock. I kissed my way down the left side, licking and sucking as I went. Then, placing the tip of my tongue against his sack, I swept my tongue up the underside of his cock, pausing at the top and bringing my lips forward to kiss the tip of his head. I then kissed around the base of the head, flitting my tongue along the ridge where the head met the shaft. While I made my administrations, I could feel his mood changing. Tristan let out a few muffled grunts through clenched teeth. Slowly, the shaking in his fingers lessened and he began exploring my body with them. He ran them across my shoulders and the nape of my neck. Then, cupping the side of my head in his palm he passed his fingers through my hair. This sensation and acceptance urged me onward.

After continuing like this for a short time, I detached my lips from his skin and gazed up the length of his body to see his face. His chest rose and fell as he breathed deeply and his face was knotted with ecstasy. "Tristan, open your eyes," I said. His expression relaxed as he did so and he gazed down at me through half-lidded eyes, his cheeks flushed a bright red. I smiled back at him from behind his cock. Seeing my expression, he jerked his head to the side and knotted his face into a grimace again.

"Tristan, watch," I commanded. With his eyes on me I raised my face above his cock and kissed the tip. I slowly began licking around the tip, causing me to bring more of the head into my lips. Then, grasping the base of his shaft, I stopped all movement with my tongue and lips and slowly began taking him into my mouth. When it reached the back of my throat I paused, savoring the feeling of having him in my mouth. He was long enough that I could still hold his skin back with a few fingers at the base. His body had gone rigid again, but this time I knew it was from excitement and anticipation. The fingers he had been running through my hair now had a death grip on the hairs at the back of my head and I could hear him taking in short staggered breaths. Keeping my tongue pressed against the length of his cock, I drew my head back, sucking as I went. When my lips reached the head, I paused, flitting my tongue along the underside then swirling it around, all the while not letting up with the sucking.

I continued to tease him like this until I felt a pressure at the back of my head. "Don't... don't stop," he said to me. Despite his hesitation, I could hear the yearning and desire in that small voice with which he had called out to me. My lips tightened their seal around his manhood as I attempted to conceal a smile. However, I fulfilled his wish and slowly began bobbing my head up and down his shaft, taking in a little more each time. My efforts were rewarded as he moved his hips forward to meet me and let out stifled whimpers. I quickened my pace as I took more of him in with each pass. As I did so, the pressure against the back of my head became more forceful and the movement of his hips less hesitant. I allowed him to set the pace and soon I was moving my head very little at all as he drove his cock up into my mouth.

When I sensed he was reaching his limit I abruptly pulled my head back, his cock leaving my mouth with an audible pop. He looked up at me in surprise and confusion.

"Don't worry," I said, "I want to give you the most intense orgasm you've ever had." I leaned forward and kissed his left nipple then tilted my head to the side so that my mouth and chin rested against the side of his chest as I looked into his face. With my right hand, I slid my fingers up the center of his body. When they reached his neck I traced the bottom of his jaw and then his lips with my fingertips. I gently pressed against his bottom lip, pulling his lips apart and slipping my finger into his mouth. He quickly responded by greeting it with his tongue and sucking the rest of it in. I allowed him to suck on it a while longer as he imitated the motions I had made with my tongue earlier. I wonder if he realizes what I intend to do, I mused to myself. When I was satisfied my finger had been sufficiently covered with saliva, I withdrew it from his mouth. I brushed my fingertip across his lips once more, leaving a glistening coating on them.

"Thanks," I said. Then, giving the side of his chest where my lips had been resting a quick kiss, I returned my attention to his waist. He was quick to place his hands against my shoulders this time, but I quickly cut him off. "No, this time you need to hold your legs back," I said. With an uncertain look on his face, he obliged, pulling his knees back to meet his chest, his feet hanging in the air. For a moment I admired the view he proffered me. His legs were smooth and creamy light tan in color while he had a beautiful round ass. I was pleased to note that his cock was still rock hard and it bobbed and twitched, begging for attention.

I kissed and sucked my way down his cock and continued with his sac. With his legs pulled back and away, his cheeks were separated, giving me easy access to his tight hole. I delicately placed the tip of my tongue against it and pushed gently. I then lapped at it a few times, just enough to cover the area with my saliva. It appeared to be a new sensation for him, but he didn't complain and continued to hold his legs back for me.

I returned my lips to his cock and took in as much of him as I could, his smooth thighs surrounding my face. As I held him in my mouth and sucked, I pressed my finger against his hole, the same finger he had sucked earlier. I didn't force my way in, but as he pushed against me his sphincter opened and I took advantage of the opportunity. With not much more than my first knuckle inside, I slowly bobbed my head on his cock while playing with the inside of his ass. The more he pushed against me, the further I reached inside. Once it was all the way in, I quickened my pace with my head and swirled my finger inside him, enlarging and loosening his hole. I then started to move my finger in and out in tandem with my mouth. I pulled forward and up with my finger as it entered, causing him to raise his hips with each little thrust, bringing his cock deeper into my mouth.

As the sensations overcame him, his grip on his knees loosened and his legs fell limply to the side, but I didn't let up with my finger or mouth. He called out a short, staccato, "Oh!" with every thrust, crescendoing in volume until every muscle in his body contracted. His ass clung tight to my finger, threatening to squeeze it off. He pushed his hips and cock forward into my face with his legs and with one last, elongated vocal outcry he let loose a torrent of liquid into my mouth. I could feel each wave come pulsating up his cock as he erupted into my mouth, his hips jerking forward instinctively with each shot. I drank deeply of him, lapping at the fountain he had opened for me. As his orgasm subsided, I allowed his softening cock to fall from my mouth and removed my finger from his ass. I moved forward and could feel the tension in his body being released as he melted underneath me. I laid my cheek against his and kissed him on the neck behind the ear.

"How was that?" I asked.

After taking a few deep breaths, he replied, "I didn't know it could feel so good."

I smiled into his ear. "I'm glad you liked it."

He wrapped his arms around me and we laid like that for what seemed an eternity, his cock sandwiched between our bodies, mine dangling between his legs, simply enjoying the body contact. "Stay here tonight," I whispered into his ear.

"Alright," he breathed out. I rolled over to blow out the candles then pulled the blankets over our bodies.

"You know I-" I stopped myself from saying what I was thinking. Is it alright to tell him I've always liked him? Won't he find that weird?

"What is it?" he mumbled. I could tell he was on the verge of sleep already.

"I... I just..." Stop stuttering and pull yourself together! "I've always liked you, Tristan." My voice was small and quiet. I wondered if he could hear me even though he was lying in front of me. My heart raced and I could hear my own pulse echoing in my ears in the stillness that followed.

"I know," he whispered back. His voice sounded as though he was speaking from far away, as if from within a dream.

He must already be asleep. My heart was filled with relief at his words. I held him close to me, savoring the warmth and comfort of his body. Thank you. I'll never let you go.