 Just as before, this is a true story, but I added the barebacking because fantasy is where I live out my desire that is too dangerous and irresponsible for real life. 

After my first experience, I couldn't wait until the next. 

I had heard about different sites for hookups in the internet. That night I searched and found that there was one just for guys looking for guys. So I joined it using a fake email account and name. There were a ton of guys near me looking to hook up, but what really got my attention was that there was a cruising section. It gave details on near by places, mostly parks, where guys could hook up. Surprisingly the park by my house wasn't on there. I noticed that there was a listing for one a few miles away. There was a lake at that park, with a boat ramp. The listing said where to drive, park, and which sections of the woods it was best to go. There was even more info telling you how to show your interest, bathroom and gloryhole info, and even demographics on who usually goes there. It was great.

I was so anxious, that around lunchtime, I left work to "run some errands", and decided to scope out the new park for after work. When I arrived at the boat ramp area, I noticed a couple cars parked near the water, and a few trucks with boat trailers parked across from them in larger parking spaces and 3 more vehicles parked in the back of the parking lot near the woods. I figured that there must be quite a ew people out getter my a jump on the holiday weekend (it was Thursday, and Friday was a holiday). So I parked in the back of the lot and waited about 5 minutes just to make sure no one was around. I then locked my truck up and walked into the woods where the site had told me. It had really good trails with clear paths, but a lot of foliage growth for good cover. I didn't realize just how good until a young man, maybe 26 or so, walked around a bend, and passed by me headed towards the parking lot. He kept his head lowered and barely nodded at me as he walked by. It scared the shit out of me for about 10 seconds, but then he was gone, and I got over it. But then it hit me. What if he wasn't the only one back here?

So I began to walk a little lighter and slower, so that if someone else was back here, hopefully I would see them first, and hopefully catch them stroking or something.

That's when I started to round a curve in the trail that I saw 3 guys. One guy was on his knees sucking the other two off. Damn, that was getting me hard. I pulled my cock out and was stroking and decided to reposition myself so that I could beat off to the fantastic scene before me. That's when I screwed up...well kinda. When I moved, I must have stepped on a twig or something because all three guys suddenly turned and seen me. One of the guys walked off. I froze. I didn't know what to do. The guy on his knees just smiled and started sucking the other guy off again. The guy standing motioned me over to him. I slowly walked over, and started undoing my pants more, so much so that when I reached my two new friends, my pants dropped to my ankles. The guy standing was about 6'2", and was a beast of a man. Covered in hair, even more than me. I found out later his name was Ted. He was a little chubby, but not fat. The guy on his knees however was definitely fat, but sexy as hell with a huge cock in his mouth. His name turned out to be David. 

At that time David switched from sucking Ted and started sucking me. Now I could see Teds nice cock. It was about 8 inches. Mine is only about 6 1/2, maybe 7. But Ted's was much thicker. Ted started rubbing his hands up my shirt and all over my chest, so I did the same to him. Then I lowered my hand and grabbed his cock. God, it felt so good, and David was really going to town on me. I looked up at Ted, and he moved closer and kissed me. I was a little throw at first, but in less than a second I felt...I don't know how to explain it...but it just fet right, even normal. I opened my mouth and he stuck his tongue all the way into my mouth and started swirling it around my tongue. I could feel his beard scratching my face, even through my beard. All of a sudden I was more turned on by the kissing, than I was by the ber can cock in my hand, or the blowjob I was getting from David.

Ted stopped kissing me and commented on what a great kiss. David stood up and said he wanted to try and kissed me. It was nice too, but David didn't have a beard, and I quickly found that I missed the scratching of the beard. David was a good kisser though. Ted was somewhat rough and dominant, but David was more sensual. While I was kissing David, Ted moved in and started kissing both of us. For what seemed like a long time we stood the kissing, groping, and rubbing all over each other.

Ted looked at me and asked if I was ready to fuck David. At this point I was so hyped up, I said yes, and moved behind David. That's when I told them that i didn't bring anything with me. David said that he lubed up before he got out of his car, so just to ease it in, and I should be good to go. So I did, and his ass was so nice. He was bent over taking my cock in his ass, and sucking Ted's cock, and had reached over and grabbed onto a tree to keep his balance. After a few minutes I was really pounding David hard. You could hear the smacking of my legs hitting the back of his. That's when Ted said it was his turn. Ted walked around as I pulled out of David. Ted lined up his cock and slammed into David, so hard that David almost fell forward onto his face. Good thing he was still holding onto that tree. I was slowly stroking my cock watching them fuck, and Ted looked over to me and said that he was waiting. I was confused, and he could tell. Ted orderd me to get behind him and fuck him while he fucked David. Well hell, that sounded good to me. 

So I took my lubed up cock (thanks to David's lubed hole) over and stuck it into Ted. While David was moaning, Ted just looked over his shoulder and pulled my face to his and kissed me. All of a sudden I could feel Teds hole tighten around my cock so much, and I hear David saying "yes daddy, give me that load" and realized that Ted was cumming. David started cumming too. When Ted "unclenched" I started moving in and out of him again. David stood up and Ted backed up on me more, shoving me up against a large tree, and started slamming up and down on my cock as David was sucking on my nipples. Within moments I was shooting my load into Ted. After I came, Ted and David kissed me. That's when they told me there names. They told me they wanted to meet up again sometime and Ted pulled out a pen and a piece of paper from his pocket and wrote down his cell number and told me to call him if I wanted to hook up with him and David again. I gladly accepted it. It turns out Ted and David rode together, so they walked down the trail back to the vehicles together, while I waited a couple minutes so as not to leave out of the woods at the same time, just in case anyone was around. As I waited I couldn't help but think about what all I had been through these last couple days. I felt...happy, atually ecstatic. 

After I heard a car start up and pull away, I started down the path myself. But as soon as I turned the curve, I seen the guy, who was with Ted and David earlier, standing there stroking his long hard cock. He looked pissed. He had been watching the three of us this whole time. He said that I fucked the two guys he should have fucked if it wasn't for me interrupting. I tried apologizing, but he was having none of that. He said I needed to pay him back for what I took from him. He was at least 6'5" and very muscular. I may not be in the best shape, but decent. And I have actually trained in martial arts since I was a kid, and even taught some classes at the dojo I train at. But even though I wasn't scared, the way this guy was talking to me was getting me hard again. His cock had to be 11 inches, but not overly thick. He grabbed me by the shoulders and spun me around, pushing me against a large tree.I liked this. I started unbuttoning my pants, but before I could unzip, he pulled them down to my knees.

I heard a bottle squirting and his fingers started rubbing lube on and in my hole. Then he grabbed me by the top of my head, grabbing and holding onto my hair, his other hand grabbed me by the waist. I then felt his cock starting to enter me. He went slow until I felt his pubic hair touching my ass. Holy shit, I can't believe he is all the way inside me. He then slowly slid almost all the way out, and then rammed into me making me grunt, gasp, and moan all at the same time (or so it seemed at the time). He said that my ass was his now and began to fuck me hard and fast. He was hitting something in me. And yes, he was hitting my prostate, but it was something deeper. Every time he was all the way in me, it sent shocks of...of...I don't know...energy all through my lower body. The only way to describe it would be to say that what I was feeling is what I imagine as orgasms all the way from my toes to my stomach. I started cumming within seconds.

After only about 2 minutes he shot his load while he was still in me. He quickly pulled out of me, and as I was turning back around, I noticed him pulling a full condom off his cock as he was pulling his pants back up and walking away. He stopped a few yards away, looked over his shoulder and smiled, lit a cigarette, and walked out of the woods. As I was getting dressed, again, I heard his vehicle start and pull away. 

Right before I exited the woods, another guy walked in. He smiled at me, and started to rub his crotch. I smiled back, and told him... " I got to get back to work, but meet me back here in about 4 hours if you want to", and turned and walked to my truck and left. When I got back to work I went into the bathroom and cleaned up some. 

After work I...well, that's another story. Check back in a few days to read about it. Bye, for now.