 Even though my new roommate was straight, he never had any problem with me being gay. In fact, from the start I think he was intrigued by it. More and more he was hanging out with my gay friends and acting totally comfortable among them, unlike many other straights guys I've known. Brian was a freshman and was assigned as my roommate after my old one dropped out of school. So he was impressionable, as he found himself spending time with me and my buddies, an older crowd.

One night I came back to our room late and saw I had surprised Brian doing something. He was in bed, and as soon as I came into the room he pulled the sheets up over himself, his face blushing. I figured I had caught him jerking off. He jerked off a lot. When you share a room with a guy you sense those things, you hear those tell-tale noises at night, you notice the crumpled-up tissues in the morning.

"Hey, Brian," I said, with a leer in my eye. "Are you doing something nasty under those sheets?"

He didn't say anything. He lay there, frozen, still blushing. So, feeling playful, I pulled the sheet off of him. The sight that met my eyes was Brian, in all his naked glory, and with his dick vividly erect. His dick being hard was no surprise. What was a surprise was another sight -- there was a dildo sticking out of his ass! 

"Looks like someone around here likes to get his butt reamed out."

"I-- uh-- just wanted to feel what it's-- uh-- like to take something-- uh-- back there," he stammered, blushing fiercely, looking so cute and appealing like that.

I'd been having this feeling about Brian, sensing he was just about ready to come out of the closet. He was incredibly good-looking, and the co-eds drooled whenever they were near him. And yet he didn't seem to pay much attention to them. What did that mean, I often wondered?

I sat down on the edge of his bed and looked down at his cock. 

"Turn around," I said, sensing he'd gladly do whatever I asked of him now.

He turned around and I gazed at his smooth, muscled buttocks, the pink rubber dildo hanging obscenely between them. Brian was a dreamboat. He was on the track team and had a runner's lean, tight body, all sleek and smooth. I took hold of the dildo, twisting it around slowly and sensually inside him. He groaned when he felt me do that, pushing his butt back against my hand, savoring it. Now I was certain I had been correct about him.

"Doesn't that feel good? You couldn't move it around in there like that by yourself, could you?" I asked. Then I brought my lips down to his ear. "A rubber one's nice, but how'd you like to find out what a real cock can do for you?"

Once, when a friend of mine had decided to probe, Brian had sworn that he'd never gotten it on with another guy, that he was straight. We figured that was probably the case since, with us, he'd have nothing to hide.

He whipped his head around, looking at me with those big soulful eyes of his.

"I-- I would, I'd like that, I really would," he whispered.

So now I pulled the dildo out of his ass and set it aside. Then I took off my clothes as Brian watched. He had seen my cock many times, but never erect. Now it was erect, very erect, all nine, thick inches of it. His jaw dropped as he stared at it. I had noticed before, when we'd taken showers in the gym together, how Brian would sneak a glance down below, checking me out. Straight guys, I knew, do that too with each other. But there was just something about the way Brian gazed at mine.

"Wow, you're really hung."

"Is it too big? Does it scare you?"

"Uh-- no-- it's -- it's beautiful, I love it!"

"Hold it then, take it in your hand."

His hands trembled a little as he wrapped his fingers around my rigid shaft. He may never have handled another man's cock before, but he sure had handled his own plenty. So he knew just what he was doing as he handled mine. And as he massaged my stiff tool, he looked up at me with longing eyes. I knew that look well. It was the look of someone who yearned to do whatever you wanted of him, it was the look of a bottom. And that was just fine by me because, if anything, I tend to be a top. I like to sock it to a dude, to have him do my bidding. 

"Suck it!" I hissed at him, waving it in his face as I reached around with a hand and pressed his head close. He wrapped his lips around it hungrily, looking up at me all the while. He had such a handsome face, and he looked especially cute right now with his lips stretched open, his mouth stuffed with my cock. It was one thing for him to handle my dick with finesse, the first he had handled other than his own if he were to be believed -- and I did believe Brian. But now he licked and sucked my cock like a natural, like he'd been doing it forever. Maybe he practiced on that dildo of his, or maybe he just had the knack. Some guys, they're natural-born cocksuckers from the moment they take the first one in their mouths. My first lover told me I fit that bill myself.

"Can I see your ass?"

"You just what to see it? Is that all?"

"Uh-- no-- " he stammered, blushing again appealingly.

"What else then?" I teased, wanting to hear him say it.

"I-- I-- want to-- to lick it!" he spat out.

I remembered how back at the gym, I had caught Brian not only stealing glances at my dick, but checking out my bottom too with equally curious eyes. So now I turned around and pushed that bottom he had admired up to his face, reaching back to spread myself open. 

"Lick my ass! Eat my fuckin' asshole!" I hissed at him.

He didn't waste a second, digging his tongue into my crack, lapping away at it like he'd seriously been hankering for the taste of a male butt. I let him make a long, leisurely and ravenous meal of my butthole before I turned around again.

" You never did that before? Eat out a dude's ass, rim him?"

"No, never, I swear!"

"You sure as shit seem to have an appetite for it."

"And for this," he said, taking my cock in his mouth again.

He was sucking away at me voraciously, he couldn't get enough. But that cock of mine was eager to fill another part of Brian now. That's how all this had started, when I caught Brian jamming a dildo up his ass. Now that ass of his was empty. But I was sure he'd be happy to have it filled again, and I had nine thick inches of filler, ready and poised.

"Turn over and get up on your elbows and knees," I told him as he eagerly assumed the position, sticking it out for me. I held his cheeks open. He was still slick in there from the lube he had used with his dildo. But I was few inches longer and good deal thicker than that dildo and Brian, despite all the dildo play, was still a virgin. I wanted to make sure he enjoyed his first fuck, so I knew he needed to be well greased. His tube of lubricating jelly was sitting on his dresser and now I reached for it, squeezing a big dab onto my fingers.

"Let's get you nice and ready," I said, slapping the slick jelly into his crack, rubbing it in there. He'd already worked his dildo up inside himself tonight, so right away I jammed three stiff fingers into his eager butthole as he gasped, pushing back on my fingers, looking over his shoulder at me, his eyes blazing with lust now.

"You're about to get fucked for the very first time, Brian," I said, driving the point home. "You're about to take a cock up your ass. And not just any cock, but my nine thick, stiff inches. What do you say to that?"

"I say fuck me, bury it inside me, fuck the shit out of my tight young ass!" he groaned, looking back at me, excited beyond belief now.

Now I pulled out my fingers and took a moment to look him over. There he was, exposed and vulnerable, his greased asshole staring me in the face, my bullseye. I took hold of my cock and rubbed the big, smooth knob against Brian's slick hole. 

"Yeah, I am definitely going to fuck the shit out of you," I told him, still rubbing my cockhead against his well-lubed hole, teasing him as he pressed back with his butt, eager to take it. Now I pushed it in, working the tip inside. I'm definitely into the visual side of sex play, so my eyes were glued to the spot where my dick was starting to say a big hello to Brian's greased asshole. Brian really started to gasp and groan now as he felt me work my thick, hard inches inside him nice and slow and steady as I held on to his hips. I slid in inch after inch, slowly filling him up and stretching him wide open as he begged for it, holding nothing back. This was a big moment for Brian; his first fuck, a moment to remember. And one to remember for me too. There's something that really hits the spot in being the first one to bust open an eager asshole waiting to be violated for the first time. My dick was feeling real good.

"Everything okay?" I asked, wanting to make sure. Though from the way he was moaning and pushing back on it, desperately eager to take every thrust deep, I sensed it was just fine. 

"Oh yeah, I love this!" he panted. 

There was such a look of pure fulfillment, of happiness in his eyes.

"Well, I'm gonna make sure this is a fuck you'll always remember."

I didn't think I'd ever been this turned on. Only twice before had I actually fucked a virgin, someone taking it up the ass for the first time. And those two times were definitely not like this one. The dudes then could only take me for a minute, begging off, saying I was way too big for them. No such complaints were being heard from Brian. Then again, I had walked in on him giving his own asshole a solid reaming with a good-sized dildo, excellent preparation for my bigger, thicker tool. Despite that reaming he'd been giving himself, he felt incredibly tight now, his anal ring snugly gripping my cock. Looking down, I loved that sight. The exhibitionist in me, and the voyeur too, almost craves the look of my dick busting an asshole wide open as much as the feel of it. 

I was feeling horny as hell, so I was really pummelling him. And he took it like a champ. He began the night as a nineteen year old virgin but he sure was acting like he knew how to take a dick up his ass. That just egged me on, his intense desire, as I just kept pumping my thick nine inches inside him like a hot horny fucker who can't be stopped, really screwing the shit out of his young butt. 

"Having a good time?" I asked.

"Oh, yeah!" he grunted, panting like crazy. "Fuck my ass, fuck it!"

I have to say I loved Brian's enthusiasm. And he did his part too, pushing back zealously against my vicious thrusts, wanting every inch, needing it, needing it deep and hard. I teased him though, toning down the pace now, forcing it inside Brian slowly, inch by thick inch, then pulling out just as slow, all the way, before I shoved it back in again. I worked in every inch until all nine were buried out of sight in his bottom, my big balls slapping against Brian's cheeks as I pumped it inside him. Finally I left all nine inches buried inside him as I twisted it around, rotating my hips in a figure-of-eight motion.

"Oh God! Oh fuck! I can't believe how great that feels! I've been wanting it for so long, I've been wanting it from you!" he confessed.

"Glad to be of service," I hissed gruffly in his ear, leaning over. "I'm gonna make you my little fuck boy, your ass is going to get to know this dick of mine real well."

Though I'm not a strict top, and love sucking a dick and taking one inside myself, I knew that with Brian it would basically be a matter of me topping him, a willing, eager bottom. Though I'd have to make sure to have a taste of that good-looking dick of his and, as a treat, let him park it in my ass some time too. But for now some more rough cock work was in store.

So I pushed him down off his knees and flat on his stomach, and really started to pulverize his ass, doing push-ups on him as I pinned him to the bed. He gasped and groaned and clawed away at the bed sheets as I kept fucking the shit out of his definitely no longer virgin butt, the bedsprings creaking as I pounded away at him. Man, was he ever eager to submit to my vicious cockwork, squirming like crazy as I jackhammered his butt and reamed out his bottom. 

Now I dropped down on my side, bringing him down on his side against me. This way I could reach around and take hold of his dick. I like it like this, especially towards the end, having a hard dick as a handle while I keep pumping it in hard.

"I'm gonna make you cum, then I'm gonna cum inside you," I whispered in his ear.

"Wait a little longer, okay? I want more, I really need it!" he begged.

The slut was greedy, a real glutton for my cock. Well, I was the man for the job. If there's one thing I have, it's great control. I can keep it going forever. So I did the rounds with Brian. Pulling out and getting on top, coming at him face to face, seeing that handsome face grimace from the raw, savage pleasure he was feeling, from the ferocious hammering into his depths that he was enduring. As I fucked him like this, face to face, I reached down to massage and stroke his cock.

"Shoot it for me, Brian," I said, twisting his cock in my hand. "Shoot a nice, big load. Let me see you blast it."

Suddenly he gasped and his whole body arched and twitched, his cock throbbing in my hand as he unloaded, spraying himself with a rich bounty of his own spunk, reaching up to his face. And at that very moment I let myself go, filling his hot, humid, newly-fucked bottom with the lavish tribute of my pleasure as I leaned down and kissed him, his sticky cum between our lips, my own cum bubbling in the hot depths of his sexy young ass. 

After he and I had regained our breath, I pull out and lay next to him. There was smile of pure contentment on his face now. And with that smile lighting up his serenely handsome face, he brought his lips down to my cock and gave it one more loving, devoted kiss. I knew that from that moment on Brian was a willing slave to my thick, pleasure-giving nine inches.

"I feel like a new man," he said, looking up at me, his face blissful.

"You should," I told him, for you have now been fucked!"

"And not just fucked, but fucked by you, and your beautiful, beautiful cock," he whispered, tenderly continuing to kiss my still big and swollen, but no longer rigid shaft.