 Here I am at 30 divorced and moving into my new house, in a new State, with a clean slate. Six months ago I came home from work early not feeling well. I walked into my bedroom and saw a big hairy ass moving a huge cock up and down and in and out of my wife's pussy. Her legs were dangling over his shoulders as she was screaming to be fucked harder. My wife and I made eye contact. She smiled at me and started to laugh. They both laughed at me as I backed out of the bedroom door and out the front door. It turned out that the guy had money and the divorce was quick and painless, how ironic. 

I was down on myself. From what I could tell the guy was tall and had a massive cock which he was giving her big time. Compared to my five foot five, one hundred and forty pound body, and just a three inch pencil dick, I knew I couldn't compete. I just wasn't gifted anywhere but my brain. I was a tech geek wiz kid type. 

I sold our house and everything in it. I went back into sales support with my company which would allow me to move anywhere close to an airport so I can travel 50% to 75% of the time. I said goodbye to California and hello to Las Vegas Nevada. With the cash I made from the sale of the house I would be able to buy something outright, furnish it, and buy a new car. My new life was about to start.

I bought a modest three bedroom, two and a half bath, 1,660 sqft home that backed up to a nature preserve. Being the house on the curvature of a cul-de-sac it had a very large and private yard. I had plans for a pool but not yet, that would come later after I settled down. I took a week off from work so that I could move into my new place. Delivery trucks coming and going every day until I at least had my bedroom, kitchen, home office, and living room set up.

The first six months were mostly travel and no time to enjoy my new house. I was over the marriage thing and concentrated on my career. I was seeing the world and was home just long enough to unpack, do some laundry, repack, and hit the road again. Traveling the world was a great adventure but no time to play. Using Craigslist or dating aps just wasn't successful. In town for one to three days didn't give me a chance to meet anybody. I certainly didn't have the confidence to go to a bar.

Picking a large hub like Las Vegas made flights in and out easy. My company also obtained a local customer that would allow me to stay home for a couple of months straight, that's the good news, that bad news is that it's July in Vegas and my air conditioning unit just died. I called on the home warranty and it was going to take a couple of days to send out a repair person to evaluate the unit.

The temperature was hitting 105 during the day and I swear it only bottomed out at 100 degrees at night. At least my new client was one of the casinos and I was working on site in a nice cool room. They thought I was so dedicated working long hours and not leaving until eight or nine at night. They even brought me food thinking I was working so hard. I just didn't want to go home until the sun went down.

I pulled up to my house, opened the automatic garage door and drove my car in. I walked to the corner of the block to retrieve my mail from the mail kiosk. I've been keeping a low profile, my self-esteem is near nil and if it isn't work related then I just assume keep to myself. There was this blonde shirtless, six foot, muscle model type, guy wearing small bikini briefs, flip flops and a golden tan walking towards me as he is sorting his mail. Just when I thought I had no self-esteem, that last drop that might have been there just drained. I thought to myself 'life is so unfair'.

I hate confrontation, and these guys always pick on guys like me. As if he could read my mind he looked up at me, smiled and held his hand out, "You must be the new kid on the block?" 

Really, an '80's reference? He couldn't have been ten years older than me. I smirked at his remark and chalked it up to all looks and no brains. I extended my hand to meet his, his grip was surprisingly soft and gentle, "How you doing, my names Chris. I actually moved in several months ago but work takes me away most of the time." 

"How do you do Chris, I'm Jason your next door neighbor. I would love to have you over for dinner and a swim, this heat will kill you." Damn good looks and a nice guy, the double threat.

"This heat takes some getting used to. My air conditioner died on me and the homeowner's insurance is taking their sweet time in getting it replaced." I hoped that didn't come out too whiny.

"That sucks. I'm off tomorrow, why don't you come over and hang out with me by the pool and the air conditioned house? Unless the hospital calls with an emergency I will be home lounging all day." He graciously offered.

I felt comfortable with this guy I just met and I usually would shy away with my dick between my legs. "That would be great but I would hate to bother you while you are trying to relax, and I don't think I have a suit to wear anyway. What do you do at the hospital?" I was trying to get out of this by changing the subject, besides my small white pasty body would fry in two seconds in this sun. 

"I'm a Plastic Surgeon at St Doms. Long hours inconsistent days off and on call 24/7. It's just what I went to school for." he said with more than a touch of sarcasm but in a humorous way. Now he fell into the triple threat category, looks, nice, and smart. 

"What do you do Chris? Wait don't tell me, save it for tomorrow because I want to hear all about you. Don't worry about the suit I have plenty for when I have last minute parties. I'll make us lunch so come by about 11:30." Then he just walked away. He just assumed I would go. How could I not knowing he would have food made and not showing up would be beyond rude. Also I plan on living here awhile and didn't want to piss the neighbors off.

The night was hot and miserable, I got nearly no sleep. I couldn't even take a cold shower the pipes were so hot. I thought to myself that the pool would move up on my list. I put on some shorts, polo shirt, and sandals, worked for a couple of hours from my home office. I was satisfied with my work, took a couple of deep breaths, and headed next door.

I rang the doorbell and Jason answered the door with a smiling face and bowing to me to enter. I found him to be very theatrical, but in a positive and respectful way. Jason escorted me towards the kitchen in the back of the house. The place was spotless and impeccably furnished. I sat at the breakfast bar in the kitchen so we can talk while he worked in the kitchen. The house was very similar to mine in that it's an open concept with kitchen, living room, and dining area all in one. His kitchen however had a wall of windows looking over a perfectly landscaped backyard with pool and built in spa.

I commented on how nice his place was as Jason worked over the stovetop with a pan and what seemed like a sauce of some sort. "I was expecting a sandwich and chips, seems like you're going all out here." 

Jason laughed, "I love cooking it's one of my great stress relievers. Some say I'm pretty good at it." He said this as he filled two plates, garnished with parsley, and placed the plate in front of me. Wholly crap it was veal scaloppini and it tasted better than any restaurant I have ever eaten at.

After I swallowed I slammed my hand on the counter, "Oh My God this is fantastic. How do you stay so fit when you cook like this?" As I said it I felt my face blush. Had I checked him out that much to make that observation?

Jason's eyebrow lifted and he had a smirk on his face, "I don't cook like this all the time and I work out a lot. You probably hear me doing laps at night?"

"Like I said, I'm rarely home and when I am I pretty much keep to myself." I explained how I had come to live in the Las Vegas. How I was starting a new life, big drastic change is what I needed to attempt to rebuild my self-esteem. 

Jason listened intently until I was almost in tears. I held it together as I guzzled my glass of wine. Jason filled it the moment I set it down on the counter. "You know there are millions of things that have to happen in the human growth process. We are just as different as a snowflake. We need to accept what we have and who we are in order to be happy. We will always be compared to someone else by short minded people. From our brief friendship, and I do consider you a friend, I don't see any reason for you to have low self-esteem. Your handsome, you're highly intelligent, successful, and you have a great personality, to me that sounds like a great package."

I laughed at his final statement, "That is my biggest issue, I don't have a "great package" in fact it's a very small package and that is why my wife wasn't happy and found a big cock to fuck her." I spit that out through gritted teeth. Just as I was about to lose it I heard a door close in the house. I must have looked surprised when I heard another male voice call out.

I turned to the voice and another tall handsome man walked into the kitchen. He was even taller than Jason, probably six and a half feet tall. I felt dwarfed to these guys. He was in hospital scrubs. He had dark hair with the temples graying, the deepest blue eyes that were just mesmerizing, and a big white smile on his face as he walked into the kitchen, "Did-ja cook Jase? Something smells wonderful, I'm starving. Who do y'all have here?" He said with a slight country accent.

Jason perked up, "Stephen this is our new next door neighbor Chris, Chris this is my husband Stephen. We just started eating. I'll set you up a plate."

Stephen stepped up next to me and put his left arm over my shoulder and put out his right hand to shake "How y'all doing there Chris, welcome to the dead zone." I shook his hand with a blank stare.

Jason reached across the counter and placed a plate in front of Stephen then slapped his head, "Knock it of Stephen, you're being rude to our guest."

Jason turned to me "Ignore him Chris he is a bitter man."

"Y'all a'd be a might bitter if you were shunned by strangers without even given a chance. But let one of them end up in the emergency room and see who treats their sorry asses." Stephen huffed and shoveled a mouthful of veal into his mouth. "MMMM, this is so good Jase, its calming this ol' country boy."

Jason laughed, "After all these years together I know what will take that crust off of you. And you would treat anybody and everyone. You're all talk." 

Jason turned to me "I don't want you becoming tainted by Stephen's over exaggerated tirade. Just the other neighbors have a strong opinion of right and wrong, and the gay lifestyle is wrong in their eyes so they won't give us the time of day."

"I don't pay your bills so do as you please. I'm divorced so I'm sure that wouldn't go over well either by the sounds of them. Whatever." I shrugged my shoulders and filled my mouth with more great food.

That got me a one armed hug from Stephen. "You my friend will get the best treatment in my hospital." He laughed.

We had a nice relaxing lunch with my neighbors and now considered friends. I went home feeling no pain from the few glasses of wine I had. The sun set and the evening was setting in as I checked my email and got ready for bed. The house was a sweat box. I just had on a pair of boxers and could not get comfortable. I heard someone jumping into a pool and thought to myself how refreshing that sounds. I realized that the sound was from the backyard of Stephen and Jason. I stepped out into my backyard and crept to the fence, well actually it was a cinder block wall, as are all the walls around my house. I grabbed a bucket on the side of the house, turned it upside down, and stood on it. I barely made it to the top of the fence. I jokingly yelled "Hey, can you guys keep it down some of us are trying to sweat themselves to sleep."

I heard Jason's voice yell back "Come on over. I'll open the side gate and let you in."

I yelled back to them "I told you, I don't have a swimsuit, but thanks for the invite."

"Neither do we!" Stephen said followed by his infectious laugh.

I slipped and fell off the bucket. Were they really skinny dipping? I thought to myself. I felt sweat dripping down my back as I walked back to my house. I lay on my bed thinking about those two gorgeous men swimming naked together. I never thought about gay sex before. I flashed back to that big cock going in and out of my wife's pussy, all glistening with her juices. I had an instant hardon. I grabbed my cock and started stroking it. I remembered my wife and her lover laughing at me as it echoed in my head. I felt humiliated that day but it also made me hard. I stroked faster as I pictured the guy's tight ass flinching, his cock going in and out of her. His balls, yes I remember them more now, his balls were so big and they made loud slapping noises as they flung back and forth against my wife's ass.

My hand started going faster as my focus was on the stranger's body. They both laughed at me. My little cock could never satisfy her, I could see that now. Real men had real cocks. I pumped my little cock faster. The laughing in my head got louder. My back arched high up into the air. My cum started pumping out, I screamed in a powerful orgasm. My mouth wide open allowing the first stream of cum to hit dead center into my mouth. My body was so tense that I couldn't relax as another shot of cum hit my cheek, and then my chest before the rest just dribbled out onto my stomach.

My body relaxed and I lay there in my own pool of cum. I tasted my cum for the first time. Not bad, so I scooped some off of my stomach and licked it off my finger. Why had I never done this before? It was thick and creamy. The acids in it burned my throat a bit as I licked it off my fingers. I rubbed the rest all over my chest, feeling the slippery hot cream moisten my skin. I placed my hands up to my face inhaling deeply, the smell was intoxicating. My cock wasn't going down. I'm usually spent and ready for sleep after shooting my load. Maybe drinking my own cum refilled my balls allowing me to keep going?

I jacked myself off some more. I kept pumping my little cock with my thumb and finger. A big drop oozed to the surface and I greedily scooped it up and spread it on my lips before I took my tongue and slowly licked it off. I was bucking my hips up and down, I was so horny. I wondered if other guys cum tasted this good. I wondered what Stephen and Jason's cum tasted like. I brought another fresh glob of cum, that was about to dribble down my hand, up to my mouth "Yes Jason I want to eat your cum." I said out loud to myself before I licked it off my finger like it was his cock.

I sucked my finger into my mouth and swirled my tongue around searching out the fresh cum. I found the creamy nectar and let it slither down my throat. The thought of it coming fresh from Jason's cock sent me into another orgasm as I shot my second load onto my chest. That has never happened to me in my life. I quickly licked my hand clean as it dribbled out of my cock and down the back of my hand. I was so spent that I fell asleep covered in cum.

I woke the next morning to the smell of cum and my cock was hard again. I got out of bed and went into the shower. When the water hit my skin the dried cum turned slippery again and as my hands rubbed all over my stomach and chest. I thought about last night. I came twice thinking about men. Not just any men, Jason and Stephen. I lathered up my body and began to soap my cock and ass. My hand ran into the crevice and grazed my hole, my cock jerked again. That was a new sensation I never thought about before. I soaped my finger and slid it behind my balls. I washed around my hole, and then pushed it in a little bit. I moaned. Did that just come out of me?

I put more soap on my finger and went for my hole again. I pushed my finger in deeper this time. My hips began to gyrate automatically. My finger wiggled around my hole stretching it open to accept more and more. My head was down as my body fucked itself back against my own finger. I bent over and succumbed to my own finger. My cock was hard as a rock. "oh yes Stephen fuck me, make me your bitch. Shove that cock in my tight pussy." I looked down just in time to see my cock spurt cum onto the tile wall. I wasn't even touching it; it just started cuming on its own. I pulled my finger out and jerked my cock a couple of times to pump the rest of my load out. It was a strange orgasm; it came from within rather than my cock being the center of the orgasm. That was such a new experience, again brought out by thinking of my hunky neighbors. 

I always felt lucky to have landed my ex-wife. I'm far from a hunky, muscular, well hung, sports minded athletic type of guy. I am the polar opposite. I'm barely five feet five inches. I have smooth white pasty skin from lack of sun and I detested sports. I have barely a three inch dick which makes me neither a grower nor shower. I'm a tech nerd sitting behind a computer screen making things happen when you press a key. I am very good at what I do and it's the only thing that I have confidence in. I make really good money which come to find out is the only thing my ex loved about me. 

Our sex life was at best mediocre. I knew I didn't have enough to satisfy her, so she would blow me or jack me off, sit on my face, and I would lick her to a great orgasm. She always would yell during her orgasm and thank god that my tongue was longer than my dick. She was in charge during sex and I didn't mind it at all. I would rather take orders and give in to her; at least she would insure I have an orgasm. We had a large dildo that she would use on herself as I ate her pussy. Sometimes she would tell me to lick it as it went in and out of her pussy which always got her off. Now that I think back on that scenario I guess I was introduced to cock without even knowing it.

I was packing my suitcase, preparing for another business trip, when my doorbell rang. Only having on a pair of running shorts, ironic since I do not and will not run, I grabbed a muscle shirt and slipped it on as I walked to the front door. I laughed at how ironic my life was. Jason was at the door, "Hey Chris, sorry about last night. Stephen was trying to be funny. I hope you weren't offended?"

"No worries, he was funny, shocking, but funny." I laughed as I invited him in. My home was still sparsely decorated but at least it was functional. We walked into my kitchen and I offered Jason some coffee which he accepted. I found it easy to talk with Jason up until last night when I had unusual sexual fantasies of him. I couldn't look him in the eye. I kept my head down as I stirred my coffee.

"Are you ok Chris, you seem out of sorts? Not that I know you all that well but you seem distant. It's not my expertise but I know an emotional defense when I see one. I'm really sorry if last night bothered you, I promise it won't happen again. I am so grateful that someone moved in that we can actually talk with and I hate to have blown it already." Jason was clinical, logical, and so fucking hot.

"No, no that's not it at all. I was just packing for another business trip and I get moody when I have to leave. I tend to keep to myself and hate meeting new people. I love my job but hate the customer interaction part of it. I usually like to get in there fix the problem and leave. But now I'm working with sales so I have to support anything that comes out of their mouths and assure the customer that it could be done which means I have to be confident even when I'm not. You guys are really nice and I'm glad I moved next door. When I get back we can get together, I promise." I don't know why I was able to confess so much to this guy but I do.

I was standing on the kitchen side of the center island as Jason sat on the bar stool on the other side. Much to my embarrassment I felt my cock get rock hard in my shorts. Jason got up to leave and I began to panic. I was hoping to keep myself busy cleaning the coffee cups in hopes that he would say goodbye and let him-self out. 
