 "You're to wear this at all times whilst you're in public." Lavin told me, his eyes burning into mine as he placed the silver mask in my hand. I stared down at it fearfully and felt gorge rise in my throat. Surely they couldn't expect me to don such a monstrous thing for days at a time? The moulding of the things lips were pressed firmly closed. Its expression one of cold superiority. It would be impossible for me to speak with it on, let alone breathe properly. I lifted it up into the light and inspected the small holes in its nostrils, the two eye holes that would allow me to see.

I Shook my head and tried to give it back to him. "No!" I said, standing up. "I'll not wear that. I can't!"

He made no move to take the mask from my shaking hands. "You can and you will. Your father deemed it a suitable punishment for your disobedience and the council has agreed. Behave yourself and in time maybe you'll be permitted to wear the Avadina again.

I didn't know if I should laugh or cry. I had always hated the Avadina, a mask made from thinly spun silk. It was infused with a magic that allowed it to mould its self to ones features, making it like a second skin to most of our kind. Not so for me. I had realised early on that it was another sort of shackle, made to keep us aloof and apart from those different from us. Often I had been badly punished for my defiance but that had always paled to the terrible feeling of constriction I felt whenever someone forced me to put it on. 

Looking at the thing in my hands I suddenly yearned for the days when my father forced the horrid Avadina on my face. "I won't wear it." I said, trying not to keep hold of some dignity, though god knows it meant little enough to me now.

Lavin never became angry, not on the outside at least. I think they had given him charge of my guardianship because he was a very difficult man to rattle. In all the months I had known him he had never lashed out at me unless he absolutely needed to. I could tell when he was fixing to bend me to his will though. In almost all things he had control over me. Panicked, with my heart beating painfully fast in my chest I threw the accursed thing away from me and backed as far away from him as the small room would allow. 

Now that I had thrown my little tantrum I was not entirely sure what to do next. I knew my outburst would warrant further punishment and I felt a pit open up in the bottom of my stomach at the thought of it. What made it worse though was the fear I felt. What would they do to me now? And with those panicked words resounding in my head I realised that they were going to win eventually. With each new punishment they forced on me I became a little more complacent, a little less rebellious. By the time they were finished with me I had no doubt they I would be reduced to a mere shell of my former self. A meek little puppet they could contain and use for their sordid affairs. 

Lavin sighed and picked the horrid thing up. It glinted in the morning sunlight streaming through the tiny barred window of my cell. I raised my hands toward him off, little good it would do me, and tried to push my back through the stone wall that kept me so tightly penned in. Everything around me was another form of punishment. They knew how I hated to be inside, how I despised and feared closed spaces.

"You have but one small requirement Fali," He said, using the title that was to remain with me for the rest of my days. Deserter. "And that is to obey. Learn to obey and you will be given some measure of freedom."

What was freedom to a race that was so bound in their own intrigue and politics that they dared not open themselves to the world and people around them for fear that they might be contaminated. And I, the greatest hope of freedom I could hope for was the ability to take a piss unsupervised, and for that I would likely have to give myself over entirely to their rule. "Please," I gasped as he walked towards me, the mask held high in his large hands. Ridiculous or not I would have bolted had his gaze not pinned me flat against my wall. I lifted my arms and threw them over my face, twisting away from him as much as the hex allowed. "Falumn," the name I must call all of my kind now, our word for master. "Do not, please!" I had never begged, no matter what they tried to do to me I had never debased myself so thoroughly and earnestly. And it was all for naught. He grabbed my hands and pinned them to my chest and pulled me from the wall. I was pushed down onto my bed. The feeling of helplessness increased and with it a need to escape. "I beg of you, Falumn, please don't!" I could hear my own hysteria now as his knee ground into my chest. Keeping me pinned down. His large hand fumbled with the thin straps of the mask. 

"If you do not yield Fali, if you do not submit to your punishment then you cannot be forgiven. This is a necessity to make you see that your ways will not be permitted." His features softened abruptly but he did not move his wretched knee from my chest. "If you will not wear the mask you will not be permitted to leave this room except when it is entirely necessary, and then you will be forced. Think, do you want to be holed up in here for even longer? " 

No, I did not want to stay penned in like a rabbit in its hutch, I did not want to spend one more maddening hour in my room, but even that was preferable to the soulless thing they were trying to force on me. I fought him then, with tooth and nail, fist and foot. He ended my rebellion quickly enough though. He was not permitted to hurt me but he was more than capable of restraining me. With a casual flick of his hand he had me laid flat and immobile on the bed, unable to move as much as my eyelids. He had never done this to me before, I knew he was capable but he had never actually done it. I screamed but not a single murmur escaped my lips. His finger's smoothed my errant hair from my eyes before he fixed the mask gently in place. I was hysterical inside, wailing and screaming like a madman. Let me go, I thought, as tears began to flow through my closed eyes and down beneath the thin layer of metal, for the love of god let me go.

I heard the tiny lock click into place, moulding the hateful thing firmly to my skin. I couldn't breathe with it on. Lavin got off of me and released me from my paralysis. I immediately rolled off my back and started clawing at the thing adhered to my skin. I could hear my own muffled cries drowned to almost nothing 

"Breathe Fali," Laven commanded calmly. I wondered somewhat hysterically how they would punish me further if I disobeyed him and ended up suffocating. They'd have a trick disciplining me from the afterlife. 

I found that if I breathed deeply and slowly the mask did allow me a sufficient supply of air. Of course every second I spent wearing it was one more moment of torture. It was difficult to keep my composure. Tears were still streaming down the face of metal. I instinctively kept trying to breathe through my mouth and finding it clogged every time sent my heart pounding. I wanted to tear my own hair out.

Laven left me to my horrors, not talking or touching me as I wept pitifully into my hands. Oh yes, my father had done himself proud with this particular discipline. He must have laughed himself silly as he thought of it. And then through the panic and dread a long forgotten emotion burned inside of me. I hated him, I despised him and every damned, inconsequential thing he thought was so important. He did this to me, knowing how much I would hate, reveling no doubt in the pain he was bringing me.

I sat up suddenly and wiped my hand across my eyes. I struggled to control my breathing, making each breath flow slowly and fully. I knew Laven would report my breakdown to my father and the court. So be it. Let them think they had beaten me, let them think I would one day dance to their tunes. I would not, god as my witness I would not fold beneath them!

"You're father has commanded an audience with you Fali," Laven said, not in spite or relish for seeing me quail because despite his harsh mannerism I didn't think he enjoyed hurting me. "You're to wear the mask."

Why else would he have made me put it on if not to take me out in public? I looked at him dully for a moment before slowly nodding my head. My father would take me to court, I realized, feeling a knot open up in my stomach before pushing it angrily away. He had already humiliated me ten times over. I had little place for pride anymore. What did I care if the court saw me with the mask? At least I wouldn't have to school my features among them.

I dressed myself; I wasn't permitted a servant anymore, in a plain black silk tunic and trousers, unadorned but of good quality. The black was to emphasize my disgrace and title as a deserter. Even the cloak on my back and the ribbon in my hair was black. For the rest of my life I would wear the same colour and none other, if found with another I could expect no less than twenty lashes. Not a poultry sum by anyone's count. 

As soon as I was dressed I was led out of my room. The air was chill and fierce, turning the mask frigid in moments and leaving the flesh beneath cold and sore. Lavern caught hold of my arm, his thick fingers dinging painfully into my flesh. Again I did not think he did it on purpose, had I asked him to ease up a little I'm sure he would have. I would not ask though and I made a silent vow to myself that he would never hear me beg again. He pulled me into one of my father's carriages, waiting for us beside the road.

One inside he pulled the curtains aside and sat down opposite me. He held a thin silver chain in his hand. I looked at it and shuddered. Surely not that as well? 

"Will we need this tonight?" He asked me, fingering the chain between his fingers. I knew how distasteful he found the leash. "Well Fali, will you behave?"

I nodded my head fiercely. I did not want it on me, though even that would have been preferable to the mask. But both of them together-

"Alright then. No leash, at least not for now. But if you try to slip away again I'll see to it that you get no more opportunities. This is your last chance Fali. You will learn to obey."

I would not, I pledged silently as I looked at my long and boney hands. If it took me until the day I died I would free myself eventually.

Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes,

I could not outrun them all. Hounds, soldiers, men on horseback, and of course the collectors. They had locked onto me, bearing down on me with a power I had no knowledge of. I had no way of deflecting it and no way of hiding from it. Every muscle in my body screamed at me to stop, but how could I? If I stopped, if I yielded it would mean that everything I had ever done was for naught. I would not let them win!

Agony struck my leg, hard and fast and unbearably painful. It would not cause me permanent damage though, I knew enough about my own worth to realize that they wanted to keep me whole and healthy. My precious blood was too useful to waste. I hit the ground hard, rolling into a raised crouch as I pulled my dagger from my boot. 

None of them stopped. I was no danger to them and they knew it. But ah, I thought, staring up at them as they rode hard towards me. I cannot hurt them but one thing I am profoundly good at is hurting myself.

I turned the blade around and aimed for my heart. I would not let them take me back. I would die first. At least then neither of us would win. I heard my father scream my name, the first time I had heard it use since I was pronounced Fali. I was unprepared for the dogs. One of the great beasts barrelled into me, knocking the dagger flying from my hands. I screamed the vilest curse I knew at the hateful creature. I tried to stand up; I would not give in, not now. The hound knocked me back down again, its teeth bared and furious as I backed away from it. By then it was too late. People sat atop grand horses encircled me, blocking the moon from my sight, boxing me in. 

"Are you mad?" My father screamed at me, his voice high and panicked unlike I had ever heard it. He jumped down beside me and hoisted me up by my shirtfront. "You damned little fool! When will you learn, what more must be done?"

Perhaps I was mad. Three years of wearing a solid silver mask, of being unable to speak to anyone beside my keeper and the men and women who sought to save my wretched soul, two years of wearing naught but black, of being denied sunlight of warmth, of having no name beyond deserter. Perhaps these things had driven me mad. I did not try to fight him off, not until he pulled me into a hearty embrace. My mind and body locked with shock but then with a strength I had not known I possessed I pushed him furiously off me. "Do not!" I screamed at him, my voice ragged and crazed. "Do not embrace me as your son. Never again! You forego that right years ago!"

His face hardened, the mask he wore tightening in like. He caught my wrist in his powerful hand and dragged me after him. No man could hurt me; I was too precious, too valuable. Like all of my kind we were kept safe and secure.

Ah, but my sire. He owned me, from the day of my birth until the day he died I would be his. If he died before me I would be passed into my brother's ownership, then my sisters. As the youngest of seven I knew I would never become my own man. At any time any of them could lay their hands on me.

Yes, my father could hurt me, not permanently of course and not too severely but enough for me to fear the heat in his grasp. He pulled himself into his saddle and dragged me up behind him. Without a word he set back out towards our home. The rest of my pursuers fell into step behind him. Not a word was uttered.

**********************

I whimpered into my pillow, arching my back as the tenth lash cut across my back and thighs. Earlier I had sworn myself to silence but as the eleventh lash tore into my flesh I gave up that vow completely and screamed bloody murder into the pillow. Dear gods, wasn't he nearly finished? Did he intend to scar every inch of me? 

It seemed to go on forever. When he was finished I counted twenty strokes, though it was possible it could have been far more. By strike thirteen I was near delirious with the pain and half out of my mind.

His hand latched onto my hair, his face red and his eyes puffy as he made me look at him. "Are you content now?" He asked me furiously. "I've sullied my own hands and ruined your back." 

"Your hands were already sullied!" I spat at him.

Another lash fell. I curled into myself and tried to block the pain. "What more will it take?" He screamed at me. "Why won't you yield?"

*****************************

Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes

I wasn't accustomed to the chains yet so I kept tripping over them. I sighed warily and picked myself back up. Bruised knees were hardly worth the effort of feeling pain so I ignored them completely and settled myself in my chair. I touched my face timidly, unused to feeling my own yielding flesh beneath my fingers. If only they would have given me a window, even a barred one, I thought wistfully as I worked my fingers into knots.

My door opened, showing me a fleeting image of a world outside my windowless cell. My heart soured at the sight of it and collapsed just as quickly when the door closed. Freedom, I thought, pouring all of my needs and wants into that one single word. 

I stood up, so difficult with the chains circling my ankles and wrists, and bowed to my detestable liege. "Father," I acknowledged dully, my voice lost and far away.

He studied me with no emotion, his eyes cold and his lips set into a flat line. He reminded me of my silver mask. "Your year has passed." He said softly. "Are you mad, as they all said you would be?"

A year of solitude, of strict silence, a year worn with a sliver mask that was only removed when I ate. A year of darkness. I bowed my head and shuddered. "I do not know my lord."

I felt fingers curl around my chin, the first human contact I had experienced in a whole year. He tilted my face up but I could not meet his gaze. I had never noticed how similar our eyes were. The same shifting, stormy grey. "We've played this game before, you and I. Play the meek lamb and I drop my guard. Not again Sail."

"I-" The words wouldn't come. "I-"

"What? Do not tell me that your detestable tongue has finally been curbed Fali?"

Hatred flared through me, hot but short lived. I would not go back into the darkness, back into the pit, into my tomb. I had finally learned that freedom could not be obtained through hate. A year they had left me, and a year I had plotted. He thought we had played a game all these years and perhaps we had but now I intended to change the rules. 

They would not cowl me.

********************************* 

Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes, Time passes

I sat among them, their brother once more in appearance if not manner. I did not know these cold imperious people. I had some memories of them of course but they were lost in the shadows of my childhood. I could feel their eyes on me and wondered what they must have thought of their youngest brother. The wild one that was rumoured to be mad. 

The young woman beside me, her name was Aliva, the one born before me and as such my last possible master, offered me an attentive smile. 

She was a beautiful woman, dark haired like our father and pale skinned like our mother. She did not share my Father's grey eyes but my mother's emerald green ones. Of all their children only I had inherited my father's stony gaze. 

"Will you not eat little brother?" She asked me, her voice sweet and kind.

I was not used to kindness. I tried to remember the last person to show me any but for the life of me I could not. I tried to shape the words to answer her but my tongue had grown heavy from disuse over time. 

"Answer her boy!" Ranan snapped at me, his green eyes flashing dangerously in his ruddy face. He hated me I realised, though I could not remember him at all. He was my eldest brother and my next master. I thought him a sallow looking creature, grown fat and ugly with contentment.

"I'm sorry, Falumn." I said, looking only at my sister. My voice sounded harsh and cracked to my own ears. I gestured uselessly. "It has been a long time."

The table grew silent then, but only for a moment.

"You have only yourself to blame, Fali." The young man on my left snapped, emphasising my title as deserter with an open sneer. The youngest son save myself. His name was Miket and I supposed he and I shared some resembling similarities, though he had grown more robust and taller than I ever would. Having suffered a year of malnutrition I doubted my full height would ever be impressive.

I bowed my head to him. "I try to atone." I said softly. The only response I could offer.

"The past year has certainly knocked some manners into him." My second eldest brother remarked, his tone neutral and even. I remembered Jon better than any of the others. He had been kind to my in my childhood and had visited me during that first year. I told myself I would never forget him and wonders above I had not.

They brought food then. So much, showing such richness and over indulged decadence. Had I not spent the past years eating the dregs offered to the disobedient and defiant? Porridge had sustained me during all that time. I looked thoughtfully at my skinny wrists and hands. What power could I hope to bring forth with such hands? I remembered suddenly that time long ago when I had looked at them in the exact same manner. They had been shorter then but fuller and stronger than they were now. If it took me until the end of my says I would be free, so I had sworn and so it shall be.
