 I live in South Florida. Moved to a small apartment that was close to work. It is a small apt. building, two stories and ten apts. small one bedrooms. The owner manager lives in the building. He is an older male over 60 years old, not too tall, I stand 5-9 and he is maybe a couple inches taller. On the chubby side and you can tell that at some time he was very muscular. Not to hairy, I know for I have helped do some work on the building and I have seen him with out a shirt. Helping with repairs on the building is a way to lower my rent some. 

For the first few months I used to go to his apt. to pay my rent. A couple of months ago he started to come to my apt. to collect the rent. I let him in and being polite would invite him to a cup of coffee as we sat and made small talk. I noticed that on his visits as we sat chatting he would rub his crotch like if he was arranging his balls. My eyes always went to watch him do this and he would always catch me looking he never said anything about this but, always looked at me with intensity and I could see some lust in his eyes. 

On this month he came to collect the rent, I let him in and as usual, served his coffee and we sat to talk. I was only wearing a robe and nothing else. I was sitting on the couch and he was sitting on a chair. He asked me why he would only see men coming to visit me and he saw no women. I was left speechless and could offer no answer, no convincing answer that is. At that time he moved from the chair and sat on the couch and when he sat down his legs where open as if to show his balls and cock. He started rubbing his balls and said that he was looking for something that his wife was not giving him and that if I was willing to help him I could lower my rent a bit more.

I didn't know what to say I was left looking at him and looking at his crotch. So, I asked what that would be, I knew what he was looking for, I was just playing dumb, I wanted to hear him say he wanted a blowjob.

He came and sat close to me and with his big chubby hands opened my robe and started rubbing my chest playing with my nipples. I was getting excited and came close to him where our mouths met and we kissed. My hand went down to play with his balls and cock. I could feel a nice thick shaft maybe 71/2" long and getting hard. My robe was opened and he started playing with my cock, which is not to big just maybe 51/2" when hard. 

By this time I had helped him take his t-shirt off and went to suck his tits and lick his chest. This made him very horny so, I went down to open his pants to reveal his nice thick cock. I licked his chest and belly on my down to his cock and there I was kneeling in front of him pulling his pants down to his ankles. I took his cock in my mouth and started going slowly up and down the shaft trying to take it all in, which after some work I was able to do it and could feel that head getting big at my throat this sent chills down my spine. What a nice cock and I have had some. I kept sucking going up down all the way in and keeping there as much as I could working that cock's head with my throat. I could hear him say "suck that cock" and he was moaning all the time. 

He then told me to suck his balls which I did gladly. I licked and sucked those balls. When I went back to his cock he grabs the back of my head and started fucking my face. He kept pushing my head up and down while sticking his cock as far as he could which was pretty deep all the way to my throat. I could feel his cock getting bigger and the he held my head down and started shooting cum in my mouth. Wave after wave of delicious, creamy cum. On each wave I could feel his cock pulsating in my mouth. After swallowed all his cum and cleaned his cock with my mouth. He was just sitting there speechless, almost laying on the couch. He leaned over and kissed me tasting his cum in my mouth.

After he recovered and we kissed some more, he is a good kisser, by the way. 

He dressed up and told me that he had never had such a good blowjob in his life. So, rent went down 50% for this month. I told him he could come back until the rent was free and maybe next time we could do some more like fuck me up the ass. To which he said he will be back sooner than later. 

Stay tuned for the next visit.