 I awoke to feel the warmth of David flowing inside, Was it always going to be like this I wondered. I've had done me a power of good since I had 'come out' - we were always friends but never like this, simply because he respected what he assumed my sexual leanings were.

It's funny life sometimes, how things work out, because by the same token I held Back with him for a long time and it was quite by accident I discovered his leaning.

You see he left his laptop connected one day I was visiting and while he skipped down to the corner shop for a couple of pizzas. I just happened to see a message which was coming through on one of the chat rooms from this guy called Chee - I think he was Chinese or something and he was writing that unfortunately he lives miles away and could not arrange a meet for some time, but he followed on to say he hoped David would soon be suited.

I didn't know what to do, whether to mention I'd seen the message or just leave it. But on his return, noticing the message still appearing on his laptop I guess he realised I must have seen it. "Alright so now you know, but it doesn't have to ruin our friendship does it, John?" he asked me. All I replied was that 'I think it may enhance it."

"You mean - are you what I am thinking?"

"Yep, time to come out Huh?" I replied happily. It was such a relief to think my best friend was of the same leaning because secretly I had always had a burn for him and it came to pass so did he for me. And now here we were, two months later living and sleeping together.

"Are you awake, baby?" David whispered softy in my ear, nudging himself into me, that wonderful warm feeling moving, throbbing gently inside waiting, I knew, to burst it's bubble.

"I am, David, Please just let this last, you are so lovely, you feel so good, do what you usually do?" "Like this, baby?"

I felt his warm hand run down the centre of my chest as he thrust deeper inside me from the back, felt his warm and gentle hands begin to massage me there, I wriggled for him, he murmured that was ecstasy, that my fuck was so good and we lay there enjoying each other, David stroking my length in his inimitable way, cupping my balls. To feel him up me so firm and ripe as at the same time he aroused my cock was delightful.

I could still taste him in my mouth from last night when we enjoyed mutual oral before we slumbered, having already fucked the evening away with the help of a bottle of wine and some new sex aids we'd bought online. Not like we really needed aid, we had enough sex in us top last a lifetime but it was fun experimenting, seeing what each other liked and I really did enjoy the anal vibrator designed to dilate ones passage for the big cock, and certainly David was well attributed, and by the time I had finished all the playing, the massage and sucking he was well and truly a giant.

We talked about the night before as his throb began to get stronger inside, he held it there inside me so that we could both sexualise the feel of each other.

"John?"

"Yes, David" I purred in anticipation he was going to ask if I was ready to go the full hog.

"You know Jason don't you, the guy I work with, the guy I brought home for a drink a little while back?"

"Yes, he's a nice guy. I liked him, David."

"Well would you like him to join us as a threesome, there I've said it, never thought I would, but if you are against it just say no and I wont bear umbrage, promise."

I needed to browse the idea. "You do mean for fucking" I asked bluntly

"Yes, hope you don't mind but he just mentioned it to me as an idea, we (him and I) have never, well you know..."

"Fucked?"

"No I have never fucked with Jason, don't know why - but talking as guys do the subject of sex came up, then you - need I say more, John?"

"Don't stop, David" I said pressing his hand into me, feeling him bunch me as he moved his fuck inside me, stretching my thighs to give him a new angle, I loved when he fucked me sideways, "fuck me silly!" I urged with the thought in mind of the three of us.

But it seemed David wanted a concrete reply first, almost as if he was dominating me until I agreed. "I know how you adore sucking, I know how you love top be fucked in all positions, your stories of how you were taken first time in an allotment by an old gardener that wanted your ass. I always said I can't blame him for that but it will be a brand new adventure with Jason, You could really enjoy the best of both worlds eh? To suck cock and to take cock simultaneously, pronto?" "Pronto" I replied, "you're on!"

"Now Baby move onto the carpet, on all fours and let me really do something about your hungry ass!" O loved when he got talking dirty, I knew I was in for a good seeing to then.

He lifted my ass in the air, his balls smacking against my hind as he hard fucked me , yelling he was going to fuck the shit out of me and then feed me with his cream.

I did like for him to dominate, like when he ties me down too, straps me before fucking ass and then again after as he sucks me, his fingers wading inside my fresh fucked very wide stretched hole, Divine!

Soon my mouth was full of fresh fucked cock and there I was joyfully enjoying the taste and smell of him, tasting and teasing back his foreskin making it delightful to wet beneath and suckle, teasing and tasting his p-hole -always a sheer delight and my mind was away, then feeling his tongue eating my hole, sucking, licking until we were both well served ready for the shower. 

That is how it always was with David and more.

How would it be with Jason makes three...

"Where shall we do it?" Jason asked nervously, standing g there looking g rather forlorn n in his red and blue lined tight boxer shorts, but looking rather delicious and definitely I was up for it

"Well Jason, maybe the bed would be a good start? David suggested removing his gear. Then coming over to me, undoing my belt, turning to Jason and saying "Look at this, turn around nice and slowly John and give us a bummer"

He meant for me to bend -n he said my bum looked at its best in very tight jeans, me swaying and bending as he let me have a couple of firm spanks.

Jason looked immediately impressed and I saw as I looked back still bending , more steeply now. I could see his lunch- box swelling and felt assured that he would be wanting me the same s I wanted him, another cock another fuck, delightful that we were all of the same mind and I just couldn't wait to see him fully stripped and laid out for my exploration - me on all fours, spread eagled to accommodate David's throbbing cock, feeling it delightful find its favourite position and thrusting into me as I closed my eyes and took in Jason's strong and upright cock. His balls were heaven, his cock paradise, tasting and licking him and feeling David's rich fuck was simply splendid.

And all the while, because we spent quality time sucking and tasting and licking each other everywhere, I was anticipating a new fuck inside me, Jason's fuck and the feel of him mad e me tingle as I squeezed and balled him, loved the way he twisted for me to lick up the side of his inner thigh until I felt my face smothered in his ripeness, all the time David well fucking my ass crazy.

Then it was time for the two guys to change, to feel Jason's fuck at last stirred my being, wondering how his fuck would feel inside, could he give me any aspirations David couldn't. Bu he said he would prefer me on my back with my legs entwined around d his back, that this fuck was going to be special, I did for him as he wanted, but first he went down between my thighs and gave me the most wonderful stimulating sucking, the way he teased and nudge my ass was magic and I was well ready for his fuck - yelled out to him to fuck me stupid, I found David's cock as he manoeuvred into the right position over my face as then Jason, was soon up inside me, thrusting away like a piston engine, fucking me like I was a mare, his very strong hands tightly clutched over my hips for maximum leverage, a she twisted and turned my ass to his needs, then a couple of real Ouch spanks and in again with hardly a second's pause, 

All the time David watching, sensing everything, urging me to suck him deeper, smothering me with hot wet cock and balls, soon shooting his white cum all over my face as I felt the surge of Jason deliver his almost simultaneously.

It was the very best fuck I had ever had and this was going to be for keeps...