 As I opened the passenger door to Clark's vehicle I noticed a towel on the seat. He was prepared for my ass being full of cum. I sat down and I could feel cum running out of my ass.

As he started driving he asked, "So how did you like your first trip to the glory hole?"

I answered, "It was amazing! I had no idea a place like that existed."

Clark said, "I'm glad you enjoyed it, I'll be bringing you back to this one and some others a few times a week."

When he said that I got excited. I couldn't wait to do this again. 

We finally arrived back at my place. When I got out of his vehicle I wasn't too embarrassed because it was early in the morning and very dark, so nobody could see me. We got inside and we both went upstairs to my bedroom. He began taking his clothing off, and I wasn't sure what was going on.

Clark said, "Go get cleaned up and get to bed, we have a big day tomorrow."

As I was showering and cleaning all the cum off of my body I couldn't stop wondering what he meant by a big day tomorrow. I left the bathroom and seen that Clark was naked in my bed. I rushed over and got in bed. After hours of sucking cock and getting fucked I couldn't believe I still wanted Clark's cock.

Clark said, "Get some rest, I have a big day planned for you tomorrow."

I awoke the next day around noon. I slept better that night than any other. Clark wasn't in bed and I was hoping he didn't leave. I rushed downstairs and seen him in the kitchen.

Clark said, "Good you're awake. The guys will be here in about an hour."

Curious I asked, "What guys?"

Clark answered, "The guys that are going to fuck you. Your anal training begins today."

I said, "I don't need anal training. I've had anal sex before."

Clark said, "I want you to be able to take any cock at any time without hesitation. I will make it so you beg strangers to fuck you!"

He was so commanding that it made me nervous but I have had many guys fuck me over the years including two strangers last night. But he was right I did have a little hesitation last night. And I was horny and why not. I want cock.

Clark and I were now relaxing in the living room as the doorbell rang.

Clark said, "Go to your bedroom, I'll get the door."

I went upstairs to my room and waited. My whole body was tingling with excitement. I couldn't wait, the anticipation was killing me. Then a few minutes later Clark entered my room.

He ordered, "Get on your bed on your hands and knees and face the headboard!"

I did as he instructed and then I noticed he was holding a bag. When I was in position he opened the bag. He took out a pair of handcuffs and placed them around the headboard and on my wrists. They were tight but at least they were padded so they didn't hurt my wrists.

I asked, "What are these for?"

Clark shouted, "Shut up! I'm your master you do as I want!"

Now I was beginning to worry. He then took out of the bag a ball with straps on it. I never seen anything like it before. 

Clark in a commanding voice said, "Open your mouth, wide!"

I did and he placed the ball in my mouth and strapped it around my head. I now know that it's called a ball gag. He didn't want me saying anything. He then placed a blindfold over my eyes. I was now bound, gagged and blind. Then I felt lube being squirted into my ass. Then his finger slid into me. It felt so good being finger fucked that my dick got instantly hard. He removed his finger and I waited anxiously for his cock to enter me.

I waited and waited but nothing. He must have left the room. I was now getting scared. I was very vulnerable and I wasn't going to know who will be fucking me.

Then all of a sudden I heard the voices of several men. I thought how many guys are here. I couldn't see or get free and I wasn't sure I wanted to if I could.

Clark said, "He's all yours guys but I want him to go first."

Who was Clark talking about? I thought.

Clark said, "Hey Ed, just relax and enjoy yourself. I just want you to know the first guy to fuck you is one of your neighbors and you'll never know which one."

Then laughter filled the room. I thought how could Clark do this to me and then I realized

I did agree to be his slave. I then thought how am I going to face any of my neighbors after this. I will never know which one fucked me.

I felt him climb onto the bed. His hands caressed my ass and spread my cheeks. Then I felt his cock head press into my anus. I let out a groan that could barely be heard because of the ball gag in my mouth. He now had his hands on my hips as he pushed his cock deeper into my lubricated ass. I then began to relax and forgot that he was my neighbor and just enjoyed the cock sliding into my ass. 

His cock felt huge as it spread my ass wide open. He pushed further and further into my ass until he was now ball deep inside me. I was now relaxed and enjoying myself. His cock began sliding in and out. Slow at first then he picked up the pace fucking me harder and faster. Then he stopped for a few seconds, then resumed fucking me. He did that several times as he didn't want to cum yet. Then finally he was fucking me hard and fast. He couldn't hold back any longer and shot a huge load in my ass. 

I couldn't hold back either as I shot my load as well. I normally cum when I'm being fucked by a big cock and I'm really excited. His cock kept twitching and twitching. I didn't think he was going to stop shooting cum and I didn't want him to.

When he was done he slid his cock out pulling a lot of his cum with it. I felt it running from my ass onto my balls and legs. It felt so good I didn't want it to stop. And it didn't stop.

Someone said, "My turn!"

I felt him jump on the bed and his cock slid easily into my cum filled ass. He picked up right where my neighbor left off, fucking me fast and hard. As he was fucking me his cock pushed more and more cum out of my ass. It didn't take him long as he came pretty quickly filling my ass once again with cum. 

As he pulled out I felt the next guy climb onto the bed. I could feel him rubbing his cock over my ass cheeks and up and down my crack. 

He said, "Damn you have a nice fucking ass!"

I was flattered and he was driving me crazy with anticipation. I wanted his cock in my ass. Then I thought, Clark was right, if I could speak I would be begging a stranger to fuck me. I had just been fucked by two guys and I wanted this third cock so bad. 

He finally slid his cock into me. I was so full of cum and freshly fucked I couldn't tell how big his cock was. I really wish I didn't have on a blindfold, I like to see the cocks that I'm getting fucked by. He was fucking me nice a smooth with long slow strokes, really taking his time. I pushed back on his cock as he pushed in matching his rhythm. His cock felt so good and then he groaned loudly, pushed his cock deep inside me and unloaded a huge cum shot.

I could still hear other guys in the room and was curious how many more would fuck me. This is the first time I have ever taken three guys in a row before and I was surprised I was ready for more. And not to disappoint I felt a fourth cock slide into my ass and then a fifth and sixth. By the time the sixth guy came in my ass I was completely exhausted. Cum was pouring from my ass and I wasn't even sure but I think I came again around guy five. 

Clark said, "Nice job Ed, only one more to go."

He was being comforting as he could tell I was exhausted. 

Then I heard a voice say, "Shit that's a lot of cum!"

Clark said, "Yeah. But I see you swim in bigger oceans than that."

He said, "You know I like fucking cum filled asses!"

Clark said, "That's why I saved you for last."

He climbed on the bed grabbed my hips and slid his cock into my cum filled ass. His cock kept sliding and I realized it was a very long cock. My ass was so filled with cum it could easily take his enormous cock. He was finally all the way in and I could feel his huge balls on my ass. He started pounding harder and harder. I could tell his cock was big but I could barely feel him as my ass was slick with cum and numb from the other six men that just fucked me.

I then felt him pull his cock out and moan loudly as I felt ropes of his cum cover my back. I was surprised he pulled out and shot his cum all over me. 

He said, "Clark, I cant wait to fuck your slave when he's fresh."

Clark said, "Anytime, just let me know."

I collapsed on the bed and the only thought I had was I cant wait until he fucks me when I'm fresh as well. Lying on the bed all I heard was silence then a few minutes later my blindfold was taken off. As my eyes adjusted I noticed it was Clark. He then removed the ball gag and handcuffs. I climbed off my bed and my legs were wobbly. I gained my composure and seen my bedspread was soaked in cum and noticed cum was dripping off of me onto my carpet.

Clark said, "You did great. Everyone was pleased and they all want to fuck you again including your neighbor. I will set up times and places soon. Now why don't you go get cleaned up."

Clark was standing there naked and his cock was soft. I had to know.

I asked, "Were you one of the guys that fucked me?"

Clark answered, "No, not this time. I was downstairs fucking my girlfriend. she got so turned on watching you, by the third cock I took her downstairs and fucked her on your sofa."

I was even more embarrassed now. Not knowing which of my neighbors fucked me but now a strange girl watched me. I also had no idea my master had a girlfriend.