 PUBLIC SEDUCTION

Ike's wife had just gone to the lady's bathroom and Tyler, their waiter, asked if he could bring Ike another glass of wine. "May I bring you another glass of Tuscany red?"

"Sure, but first I have a question."

"Okay, how can I help?"

"You're gay, right Tyler?"

The waiter blushed but nodded his head in the affirmative while looking around to see if anyone else heard the question. "Yes, I am. Why do you ask?"

"Because I think that you're pretty hot. You have a great looking ass in those tight pants of yours."

"Ike, you're married and your wife is in the bathroom."

"I know I'm married. I also know a fine piece of ass, girl or guy, when I see one."

"Does your wife know you behave like this?"

"Of course not, I travel extensively and I have my share of sex on the road. I usually scope out the chicks but at times a cute gay with a nice ass can get my attention."

"So, you're bisexual then?"

"Definitely, I can handle a good blow job or sweet ass fuck from either girls or cute gays. You are definitely a cutie."

"Well as I understand it we can't hook up if you're in town."

"Sure, we can. I have my own consulting business and make my own hours. I can see you during the day when you're not waiting tables. Are you at home tomorrow morning?"

"Yes, but I don't think that is a good idea."

"Let me be the judge of that. Give me your address."

Tyler left the table just as Lydia, Ike's wife, returned. He got another wine for Ike and then Lydia asked for another white wine. Tyler fetched her wine and then later he brought the check to Ike. Inside the folder he had also left a note with his address and phone number. Tyler had always liked Ike and admired his masculinity but never thought he would ever have sex with his customer. Ike always tipped generously and Tyler loved to wait on the couple. Now it would be more than that. He was already wondering what Ike's cock looked like.

As the couple was leaving the restaurant, Ike took a quick look around and then he grabbed one of Tyler's buttocks and gave it a firm squeeze. He released it quickly but he had clearly sent the message. Tyler sensed that he would be in for a royal screwing in the morning.

INTRODUCTION

Ike was an insatiable hunk of man. He had plenty of pussy and ass in his life and others wondered why he was even married. He had a reputation of fucking pretty much anything that looked good. He had gone to college in San Francisco and he had fucked plenty of coeds and pretty gays. It was in the mid 1970's and the concern of AIDS was not on the radar screen. 

He was in very good shape and stood at 6'2" and weighed 190 pounds. His hair was light brown and he had bedroom blue eyes. He proved to be a good lover and always made sure his female partner was well satisfied after a bout of sex. With the gays, he didn't mind jerking them off as he fucked them. 

Ten years after graduation he was living in the Chicago area. He had worked for a consulting firm but then decided to go out on his own. At age 32 he was a successful businessman and lived in an affluent suburb of Chicago. He seemed to do more business out of town than in Chicago and that's where he had most of his action. 

When he was in town he was home every evening and always catered to Lydia's needs and desires. She never suspected that he was unfaithful and she certainly didn't know he was bi-sexual. She lived the life of the trophy wife and pampered herself at spas, shopping and lounging around their swimming pool. She entertained other women and all in all felt she had it made.

Tyler was a lean effeminate young man of 23 years. He was 6'1" and had wavy dark brown hair. He did not disguise his gay mannerisms at the restaurant but not because he was cruising. He just felt as he should not have to act different at work. He had been a liberal arts major in college and he was still waiting to find employment with a company. In the meantime, he was waiting tables at an upscale Italian restaurant. The clientele was mostly affluent and the tips were usually generous. 

The thing about Tyler was in spite of being tall and lean, he had an absolute killer ass. It looked like it was surgically implanted on his body. Because of his lean stature, the roundness and protrusion was exaggerated. Tyler had been hit on a few times at work but had no interest in his purser, that is until Ike. All the times that Ike and Lydia had dined at Angelo's, he had his eye of Tyler's ass most of the evening. Ike knew he would never rest until he porked that beauty. 

WEDNESDAY AT TYLER'S

Ike arrived at Tyler's apartment at 9:00 AM and Tyler was still wearing his sleep shorts. For the first time Ike saw how smooth and hairless the lithe body was and he felt that familiar surge in his loins. 

"Are you sure that you still want to do this?"

"Definitely, I have been thinking about your ass since dinner last night."

Before they got started, Ike felt obligated to let Tyler know his position on sex.

"Let me very clear. I am not gay and I am not interested in cock. I have no problem giving you a hand job as I fuck you. This has to be discreet and remain between us."

"I'm cool with that. I promise I will not breath a word."

Tyler sat down on the sofa and Ike saw the woody in his shorts. Ike removed his clothes and then pushed his boxer shorts down to his knees and stood in front of Tyler. 

"You have a nice cock and big too."

"It's not that big."

"It's plenty big for me and thick too."

Tyler toyed with the 7+" dick and bloated balls before taking it in his mouth. He could only take 6" without gagging but that was plenty for Ike.

Tyler was a very good cocksucker and in no time, he had Ike ready to blow his load. Ike tried to prolonged the urge to cum as he was really interested in getting to Tyler's ass. Tyler sat on the edge of the sofa and drew Ike in toward him. He caressed the back of Ike's legs and cheeks of his muscular ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on the stiff cock. Tyler massaged the head of the cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled the cock with his tongue and Ike felt the light scraping of teeth.  

Tyler took the cock out of his mouth and looked up as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged the bloated balls. He then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged the taut testicles. He tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased the pee slit. He had Ike close to cumming a few times. His experience let him know when Ike was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing the stud in the process. He looked up at Ike and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked. 

"Ready to cum Ike"?

"Yes, but I want your ass now!"

He kicked off the sleep shorts and his slender erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on his and raised his ass in the air. Ike looked at him in that position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. It was just the way Ike liked him. Tyler handed Ike a tube of gel. 

"Ike, you're pretty thick. Put plenty of this on your cock."

"Ike looked at the tube and read it aloud, "Anal Ease."

"Yeah, it's good stuff. It's not greasy and it's fragrant too."

"So, my cock will smell good after I fuck you?"

"So, will my ass."

"Ha," Ike laughed.

"I douched my ass this morning too, So I'm very clean but I can get you a condom if you want."

"No, I don't like using them if I don't have to. I'm glad your ass is clean."

"I don't like them either. I like the feeling of a guy shooting in me"

Ike took the gel and applied a generous amount to his cock. He stood behind Tyler and admired the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. Ike liked fingering the taut ring and caressing the curvy bottom. As anxious as he was to fuck the pretty gay, he liked playing with his ass too. He had his index finger in at first and then switched to his middle finger. Tyler was rock-hard and his ball sac was taut during the foreplay. With his free hand, Ike rubbed the perineum, caressed the ball sac and stroked the slender 6+" cock. Tyler cooed at the attention to his cock and balls.

Ike added a second finger and soon had them both moving in and out of the sweet ass. He hadn't fucked an ass in a few months and now he was about to fuck his waiter for the first time. He eased his well-lubed cock into Tyler's ass. He was always gentle when he butt-fucked anyone so he knew not to just ram it in the snug hole. Ike was gentle with him allowing him to adjust to the thickness. Soon he was buried to the hilt in sweet ass and he fucked the young gay royally. He held on to the pretty twin cheeks of the curvy ass as he fucked him thoroughly. 

Tyler had been butt fucked before but it had been a while with a cock this thick. He couldn't believe how full he felt with the enormous dick in his ass. Tyler felt it go deep, tense and then fill his ass with cum. Ike continued to fuck the lovely ass as the semen backed out and ran down over Tyler's balls. Tyler fired a blast of cum from just barely stroking his own cock. Ike eased his cock out of the curvy ass and Tyler turned around took it in his mouth and sucked it dry and clean. He wouldn't have done that if he had not douched earlier.

"Remember, I douched my ass earlier when I showered. It is very clean."

Ike just nodded and then sat down on the sofa. He was lost in thought for a moment as he just had another bisexual encounter and it was great sex. Tyler gave great head and it had been easy to fuck his lovely ass. Tyler suggested that they now take it to his bedroom. They walked naked into the bedroom leaving their clothes scattered on the floor of the living room.

"Ike, I would like you to fuck me again." 

Ike's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Tyler and began to caress the beautiful ass. Tyler handed him the gel and asked Ike to get his ass ready a second time. Ike put an ample amount of gel in his hands and rubbed it all around the taut rubbery ring. As before, he inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the sweet ass for another fuck. He sawed his fingers in and out and he was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass one more time. Ike moved closer to him and lined up the head of his cock with Tyler's anal opening. He eased his big dick into the receptive ass.

"Remember, not too deep at first, then deeper."

The cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to the pretty gay a little at a time. The ass chute was warm and tight as the cock went deeper and deeper. Soon he was all the way in the hot ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He again caressed Tyler's smooth round buttocks as he fucked him. 

Tyler asked Ike to fuck him harder and quicker. So, he picked up the pace and he pounded the smooth ass faster and faster. His balls started bouncing off of the taut ball sac and Tyler moaned with each thrust of the big cock. Ike could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed deep in the rectum. He tried to make it last as long as possible but once Tyler used his sphincter to grip the throbbing dick, Ike lost it.

He fired a barrage of cum into the clenching, gripping ass filling it to overflowing. He couldn't remember when he came so much a second time. As Ike continued to fuck, his seed backed up in the rectum and oozed out. Tyler used his talented anal action to milk Ike's cock and drained it dry. The milking action weakened Ike and sent tingles through his body. Ike rolled to his side taking Tyler with him and keeping his cock buried in the lovely ass. He reached around and took a hold of the slender cock and stroked it emitting a groan from Tyler.

"Oh Ike, this is wonderful, we fit together so well. Stroke my cock, make me cum."

Ike liked the feeling of the smooth hairless body against his in the spoon position. It seemed so sensual to be coupled like that. He continued to stroke the gay's cock and with his free hand he caressed the hairless chest. Ike had jerked gays off before so he was used to feeling a cock different than his own. He liked to make them cum and feel the surge in the shaft as they ejaculated. 

"Oh, Ike!"

"Cum for me Tyler, cum for me."

Ike looked over Tyler's shoulder and watched as he stroked the cock. He felt the shaft bulge slightly just before it released its load. Tyler fired a substantial load that shot past his face onto the pillow and then hit his neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. Ike kept stroking him until the shaft was empty. His hand was coated with Tyler's seed but he was unconcerned about that. He was surprised and pleased when Tyler took his hand and licked it clean. They remained in the spoon position and remarkably they were both still hard. Tyler liked the sensation in his bottom.

"What time do you have to be at work today?"

"I have the dinner shift so I need to be there by 4:00 PM."

"Good, then we have time for more fun."

"Can you really cum again?"

"I'm always good for two but sometimes I can do three with some rest in between. This is one of those times. I need to use your phone."

"It's right here on the night stand."

Ike eased his cock out of the sweet ass and noticed that his seed trickled out after it. He sat up and dialed his office number. 

"Hi Cindy, Ike here. I have a conflict today and I won't be in until late afternoon. Okay, I'll call him later. Thanks doll, see you later."

"Was that your secretary?"

"No, I have my office in an Omni complex. It's pretty cool. They provide all the secretarial services; word processing, answering service, receptionist, etc. I pay a fixed monthly rent and then time and materials for everything else."

"That sound like a cool setup."

"It is and it's less expensive than having my own staff. They always answer my phone, Moran and Associates. It is always professional to the caller. Cindy usually answers the phone and she has a sweet voice. She's a cute chubby thing but a good worker."

'Are you fucking her?"

"No absolutely not, she's not my type but she does give great head and she loves to suck cock."

"Come back to bed and fuck me again."

"Gladly."

Straddling the sexy gay, Ike let his stiff dick rest in the crack of Tyler's ass as he returned to massage the marvelous globes. He covered his cock with gel and then slid it between the curvy buttocks. Holding onto the two mounds Ike slid his cock between them for several minutes. Finally, unable to resist the desirable bottom any longer, he positioned his cock at the pink anus and pushed it in slowly. Tyler groaned as the thick cock wormed its way in, filling the chamber for a third time. Tyler raised his hips off the bed accentuating the shape of his curvy ass and Ike drove in deeper. Ike kept his hands on either side of the slender body to keep his weight from crushing the gay beauty. In that position Ike could also watch his cock slide in and out of the irresistible ass.

The two of them moved together as if they were longtime lovers. Ike like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. He then relaxed his arms and let his body cover his lover's smooth body. Normally Ike preferred the doggy style position but this time he liked the way Tyler felt under him. Tyler groaned repeatedly each time Ike buried his cock deep in the ass beneath him.

Every time Ike drove his cock into the sweet bottom, Tyler lifted his hips to receive the thick cock. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Ike wrapped his arms around Tyler's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Ike felt just like he was in the ass of a woman. He had hoped that fucking Tyler would be so enjoyable but never expected it to be so erotic. Ike was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Ike shot a third load into the gripping, clenching rectum.

Tyler groaned aloud when he felt it shoot into him for a third time that day. Ike moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into the smooth slender one and remained still as Tyler clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the stiff shaft. Ike was still hard when he removed his cock from the lovely ass and sat back on his haunches. Tyler turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. This time Ike just watched Tyler jerk off. 

Tyler seeing that Ike was still hard spoke softly "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

He moved back to Tyler who lifted his legs to receive the big dick. He again eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Tyler rapidly stroked his cock as Ike fucked him. Ike watched as Tyler closed his eyes and felt the sphincter tighten around his cock as his lover ejaculated. Tyler's load shot out in several streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Tyler smiled and said, "I'm glad that you came to visit me this morning." 

"Let's shower and get dressed. I'll treat you to lunch." 

They went to lunch at one of Ike's favorite spots. Over lunch they discussed what could be an arrangement moving forward. Tyler hours were based on his working the lunch shift or the evening shift. For Ike, it would be better more manageable to see Tyler in the morning. It wouldn't be every morning that Tyler was available but when Ike was in the mood. At one point Tyler used the restroom and Ike could not help but admire the shapely ass again. It was also the way Tyler carried himself. It wasn't sexy but alluring. Ike knew he was going to enjoy this bi-sexual relationship as long as it lasted.

Tyler returned and Ike paid the bill. They left the restaurant and agreed to meet next week on a Tuesday morning. They both headed off to work already looking forward to the next encounter.