 A/N: Just a little thing I wrote a while back. Decided it would be good enough for my first submission to this wonderful site, so.

Set in 60's England, when homosexuality was still illegal. Not really much other plot besides that, just sex. Also, bird = girl, lady, woman, etc.

Both characters are 18+..

Hope you enjoy! 

**

Jeffrey felt like an awkward teenager again, clueless and a little scared when it came to sex. 

Although he was, in fact, not clueless when it came to sex, and he was actually rather good at it if he did say so himself. But that was when he was with a bird, all soft and pretty smelling and tender and all that, not with another man. 

The chase had been the same, the flirting and the kissing, but he didn't really think ahead of that. He never actually expected to make it this far to be honest and now that he had, he felt like a child at Christmas, excited but also a little nervous. 

But it couldn't be that hard to figure it out though, and he was pretty sure Richard knew somewhat of what he was doing. If not, he was pretty damn good at acting like he did. Besides, he'd been waiting forever for this.

The slim man walked into their small motel room, rented specially for this occasion, and slipped off his blazer and shoes, watching Richard set down his suitcase. 

If you didn't know any better, you'd think that Jeffrey was as calm as can be with his usual straight face and I-don't-care attitude. But if you looked closely, you could see the slight shaking of his hands as he untied his tie and the hitch in his breathing. 

The man's excitement was like that of a giddy schoolgirl when Richard grinned at him, having removed his shoes as well. The shorter man came over to stand in front of him, Jeffrey looking down slightly to meet his eyes.

"Is this okay?" Richard asked softly when he circled his arms around the younger man's waist, blue eyes showing a hint of uncertainty.

Jeffrey's heart was drumming in his chest in anticipation when he nodded. He leaned down a little and brushed his lips against the older man's, a shiver travelling up his spine. 

He closed his eyes and sighed softly when Ringo pulled him closer and pressed his lips onto his, bringing one hand up to the man's neck.

Jeffrey learned almost right away that Richard was kind of an animal when he got going, very unlike his usual gentle self. After kissing for all of thirty seconds, Richard seemed to switch into sex-mode. Not that the man being ravished was complaining or anything as the older man practically ripped he and Jeffrey's clothes off in record time and shoved him onto the bed. It caught him off guard but he still found it rather sexy how eager and dominate he was. 

Though, Jeffrey sort of figured he was going to be the main initiator since he pretty much had been up 'til now. It had been a long chase, after all, and it seemed that their roles had already been set.

But this was not the case as the smaller, but older and possibly more experienced, man ravished his body, covering his face and neck in kisses and love bites, making the younger man tingle and shiver with excitement. Jeffrey lifted his hips a little when Richard drew back and peeled his y-fronts off, tossing them carelessly to the ground.

"Oh my god.." Jeffrey gasped in delight as Richard wrapped his thick lips around the head of his cock without warning, taking him in inch by inch. He hadn't even realized how hard he already was until he saw the great contrast with Richard's soft lips. He locked eyes with man's blue ones as he started bobbing up and down the shaft slowly, hair of the same shade falling into his face. Though sucking a little too hard, it somehow only heightened Jeffrey's excitement. 

He let his head fall back onto the pillow, chestnut hair creating a feather dome around his head, as he moaned and gripped the sheets with both fingers and toes, Richard starting up a steady rhythm that would have Jeffrey teetering on the edge before backing off and licking up and down the shaft teasingly. 

If Richard hadn't ever done this before, he must be a damn quick learner. The younger man, that being Jeffrey, bit his lip and had to resist the urge to thrust his hips when the older man took nearly all of his shaft into his wet mouth, the tip of his dick tickling the back of Richard's pulsing throat, the older man hardly even gagging. "Mmm.." The older man hummed, sending delicious sensations into Jeffrey groin and making him shudder. 

When he must have felt Jeffrey getting close again, Richard backed off and let Jeffrey's cock slip from his mouth, one hand still wrapped around it and stroking slowly. 

Jeffrey whimpered softly when Richards warm mouth was replaced with cold air but he wasn't upset too long though, for a whole new sensation had him moaning again with newfound vigor within a few minutes.

Richard's tongue slowly trailed down passed Jeffrey balls and the smooth strip of skin that lead to his hole. Jeffrey stayed quiet when he felt the tip of the older man's tongue flick against him, not quite sure what to make of it. It was obviously a new sensation to him, although it did send a delightful shiver up his spine.

Richard didn't really know what possessed him to venture down there with his mouth, perhaps some unknown dark, sexual force, and he wasn't even completely sure if it was something guys did together, but from Jeffrey's reactions slowly becoming audible he was pretty sure he was doing something right. 

He pulled up one of the younger man's thighs with his free hand for better access and ran his tongue up and down the crack, pausing to circle and lap at the hole. He was pleasantly surprised to find that it didn't taste as disgusting as he thought it might, it was actually rather intoxicating and oddly arousing. Well, by now he was pretty sure that everything about Jeffrey was arousing; clipping Jeffrey's toe-nails would probably turn him on. 

The older man continued to tease the younger one's hole with his tongue and mouth, reveling in the wonderful noises Jeffrey was making, before letting go of his thigh and cock and crawling back up his body.

"Jeff, what do you want me to do?" He asked, lust apparent in his husky voice as he looked down at the younger man. Jeffrey knew what he was asking and he knew exactly what he wanted him to do, but he suddenly felt too timid to outright say it. He licked his bottom lip quickly and brushed the back of his hand down Richard's arm. 

"Anything you want." He said quietly, giving his hand a squeeze. Richard leaned down and kissed him softly before rolling off the bed. Jeffrey sat up on his elbows, hair falling into his face in messy chunks, and watched as the older man dug through his suitcase. 

The younger man suddenly felt his well-hidden nerves kicking in. He wanted this right? Well of course he did, he'd been waiting for this for years, but he obviously knew it was going to hurt, especially with how much Richard was packing. Hung like a horse, indeed. But it wouldn't be that bad, Richard wouldn't hurt him any more than necessary and it would probably feel good eventually. Why else would blokes do it if it didn't feel good? Obviously it wouldn't be worth the risk if it felt like shit.

Butterflies filled his stomach when the older man finally stood up having found what he was looking for.

Jeffrey furrowed his brows at the little tube of liquid he was holding. What, he was going to oil him up now? That's a little strange.. 

"I already asked, er, someone who would know, and he said it's the best for..." Richard trailed off and grinned at him sheepishly, his earlier roughness seemingly vanished. The best for what? Jeffrey wanted to ask, but instead just nodded and lay back down on his back, too nervous to ask a probably stupid question. 

It was a bit weird being the one on his back just waiting, but it was still a thrilling feeling to just lay back and let someone do whatever they want to you. And at least Richard did some research and was obviously well-prepared for this. God, it was finally happened. Despite all their trials and bumps in the road, he and Richard were finally going to do it. They were going to do what kids would tease each other about when they were little. After this, they would officially be "queer".

Richard grabbed a pillow from the other bed and came back over to the younger man, telling him to lift up his hips. Jeffrey did so silently, the older man sliding the pillow underneath him. If it'd been anyone else besides Richard, Jeffrey probably would have been scared shitless lying here so exposed, but it was Richard, which only gave him a warm feeling of elation. 

"You look so great right now.." Richard said, mesmerized as he sat back on his heels and took in the sight of a naked Jeffrey. He'd been so excited when they'd started that he hadn't really gotten the chance to get a good look at all him. Jeffrey wasn't as scrawny as he seemed when he was all dressed up in his work clothes, his arms and chest muscles were quite well defined from hours upon hours of lifting down at the docks. His hips were still pretty narrow and the rest of his frame slight, but all be damned if he wasn't one gorgeous man. Richard probably could have cum just from staring at him for a while. 

He gave Jeffrey a slightly embarrassed smile when he realized he was just sitting here staring when he could be touching him and made the younger man pull up his knees before squirting some of the stuff onto his fingers. 

By now, Jeffrey had put two and two together and had an idea of what he was about to do, but still couldn't stop himself from reflexively tensing up when he felt a finger pushing its way in against his entrance. 

"Just relax, love." Richard murmured comfortingly, kissing and massaging the inside of his thigh. Jeffrey took a deep breath and unclenched his cheeks, letting one finger slip inside. He sucked in a breath, not quite sure how this was supposed to feel and groaned softly when the finger started sliding back and forth, a dull pressure making him shift uncomfortably. 

Jeffrey tried not to tense up this time when he felt a second finger enter him along with the first. He felt a slight burning as Ringo slowly worked his fingers in and out of the guitarist's hole, scissoring and twisting them around as Jeffrey adjusted. 

At some point after a few minutes, the dull burning turned into a dull tingling of pleasure spreading through his groin, Jeffrey now moaning and pushing his hips down a little on the pillow, an almost constant stream of pre-cum dribbling down onto his belly. Richard's fingers felt amazing, but there was some deep craving for something else. 

"Rich, please... I need..-" Jeffrey panted, his voice hardly more than a breathy moan and he hardly even recognized it. What did he need? "More.." 

Richard obliged and added a third finger, which was sort of a difficult task, along with the other two, stretching Jeffrey a little wider. 

"Just a little more Jeff.. I don't wanna hurt you." Richard said distractedly as continued to work his fingers inside of Jeffrey carefully and watch his face, wishing he had brought his polaroid so he could capture this moment forever. He still got a thrill knowing he was the one causing Jeffrey to make such wonderful faces and noises, and it was nice to think that he was the first and only one to ever touch the man like this. 

Richard kept his eyes on the younger man's lovely face when he dipped his head down to tease the head of his cock with his tongue, earning himself a low groan from Jeffrey.

By the time Richard finally did remove his fingers, Jeffrey was a quivering mess with heightened arousal pumping madly through his veins. He bit down on his lip when Ringo gently pulled his hips further up onto the pillow, thick head of his cock brushing the slim man's hole lightly, having already been lubed up. 

"Are you ready Jeffy?" He asked softly, leaning over and brushing Richard's bangs out of his eyes. The younger man honestly wasn't ready, but he wasn't sure he'd ever really be ready, so he just nodded and pulled the drummer down and connected their lips. Jeffrey whimpered into the kiss and bit down on Richard's lip rather hard when he felt the fat head of the man's cock stretching him painfully as he began to push in. That was definitely thicker than a finger or two.

He could tell that the drummer was trying to distract him with the overzealous and breathtaking kiss, but Jeffrey still flinched when the head finally popped in, a searing pain shooting up his spine. Don't tense up, don't tense up, is what he kept repeating to himself somehow knowing that would only make it worse, but the message apparently didn't make it to his ass. For a split second, his muscles clenched making it feel like someone was trying to force a baseball bat through a keyhole, and he cried out.  

"Shh.. calm down." Richard whispered to him soothingly, pushing the hair back off Jeffrey's forehead and planting calming kisses there. A light sheen of sweat dusted his body as he stayed completely still, letting Jeffrey breathe and relax his muscles so there wasn't so much resistance. 

Don't ask how he got the man to tell him, but a friend of his, notorious for hanging around the docks and somehow picking up men there, said that the first time hurts like shit if you don't do it right and that you have to go extremely slow, so the older man continued to cover Jeffrey's face in loving kisses as he pushed in centimeter by centimeter. Jeffrey's eyes were tightly wrenched shut, his face scrunched up in pain as he tried with all of his might to relax the tension in his stomach and just focus on Richard's soft lips.

After going excruciatingly slow, Richard was finally all the way in buried to the hilt, head spinning from how amazing and tight Jeffrey felt -- so much better than his dreams, oh so much better. There was a sudden animalistic urge to start pounding away at the younger man's ass but he resisted, knowing that would be anything but enjoyable for Jeffrey.

Richard wanted this to be spectacular for this young man who he'd been pining after and obsessing over like mad for months. Jeffrey hadn't ever been with another guy before, it being illegal and all, this was apparent from how incredibly tight and tense he was, and neither had he so Richard wanted to do this right. He wanted to make Jeffrey scream - out of pleasure of course - and beg for more. 

But the younger man wouldn't be begging anytime soon. Jeffrey felt like he was being slowly ripped apart and Richard wasn't even moving yet. What he really wanted to do was push the man off of him and run from the room and just keep running and running and running and running and running until the pain in his legs was so bad that it would distract him from the awful pain inside of him. How could anyone enjoy this? Being the bird in the relationship, that is. Is this how it feels for girls all the time?

Jeffrey could feel his arousal slowly fizzling down as he kept focusing on the pain. There was a little something there hidden under the shadows of the pain, a tiny bit of something that felt good, but it wasn't enough to drown out the burning. He opened his eyes a little and saw that Richard was obviously not in pain, panting softly with his eyes half-closed looking like he was in complete bliss. No, Jeffrey definitely couldn't tell the man to pull out now; that would be too cruel of him. 

He closed his eyes again and let out a shaky breath. He wanted to get this over with already and at least let Richard enjoy himself. "C'mon, move." He said, voice coming out unsteady. The young man wrapped one shaky leg around the man's waist and waited.

"Y'sure? You okay?" Richard asked opening his eyes and running a hand through Jeffrey's sweaty hair. He didn't open his eyes but nodded. The older man took a deep breath and started slowly sliding in and out a few inches, leaning down to cover Jeffrey's delicious mouth with his own. The guitarist groaned softly, although Richard could tell it was more out of pain then the kiss.

"You feel so good.." Richard purred against his lips, pulling out until just the head of his cock was inside, before thrusting back in slow and deep as he met less and less resistance, and he repeated this a few times but didn't get much of a positive response from the younger man. He reached between them and was slightly horrified to find that Jeffrey wasn't quite as hard as before, partially flaccid. Christ, was he really that bad at this? He tried to adjust the angle of his thrusts. If only he could find that 'special spot'...

Jeffrey knitted his eyebrows together and opened his eyes, a sudden spark of hot pleasure shooting through his groin. That actually felt kind of nice just then, whatever he just did. "Do that again.." He mumbled, heel digging into Richard's hip. He moaned softly as Richard continued his thrusting, the new pleasure mixing with the pain as he brushed against that spot. 

"Mmm.. harder.." The older man pulled out almost completely again before thrusting back in forcefully at the same angle, causing Jeffrey to cry out in pleasure, pain slowly becoming an afterthought as the lovely tingly feeling finally took over. Jeffrey moaned and fisted the sheets, his whole body seeming to scream out Richard's name. This had to be how it was supposed to feel getting fucked. 

The older man leaned forward to steady his balance and started a more forceful drive into the younger man, repeatedly hitting that sweet spot that had Jeffrey crying out with each thrust. The older man hooked his elbow under Jeffrey's knee that wasn't wrapped around his waist and reached between them again with his free hand to help the younger man along. Richard was pleased to find that Jeffrey was once again hard, maybe even harder than before, covering his hand in pre-cum as he fisted the man's cock. 

"Fuck... ugh, Richie!" Jeffrey pulled his face down for a passionate kiss, fingers tightly gripping Ringo's hair as the older man dropped his leg and gripped his hips to keep him from wiggling around so much, deepening his thrusts and hitting that spot more directly. Jeffrey loosened his hold on Richard's hair and turned his head in a half-hearted attempt to muffle his moans, but the guitarist was already screaming loudly by now, almost drowning out the sound of the headboard crashing against the wall and the springs squeaking in the bed. 

"Oh! God! Fuck! Me!" Jeffrey growled out breathlessly in time with each bang against the wall. Richard buried his face his into Jeffrey's sweaty neck to muffle his own loud moans as the pleasure took over and continued his aggressive pounding at Jeffrey's bony, but still wonderful, backside, the guitarist's feverish screams fueling his desire.

Richard eventually slowed down to long, deep strokes when he felt himself getting close and sat up a bit, wrapping his hand around the younger man's hardness and pumping quickly. 

"C'mon, I wanna see yer beautiful face while you cum.." He panted out; surprised he could still even speak through this thick cloud of lust surrounding them. Jeffrey had calmed down a bit, now whimpering softly, and reached out to grab the man's other hand, wanting some kind of contact, and looked into his blue eyes. Richard made sure he was still at that sweet angle, and continued thrusting and eliciting the delicious pants from the younger man's mouth. 

"Rich... Rich, I.. unnghh..." With both Richard's cock and hand giving him all these incredible new feelings, Jeffrey choked out a pleasured sob and finally starting cumming onto the drummer's hand and his stomach, a shudder wracking his body as a creamy white river shot out of his cock. 

Richard was in awe as he watched Jeffrey's face twist with pleasure instead of pain as he let himself go. His many fantasies of this moment seemed like children's books compared to how arousing it was watching the man ride out his orgasm for real, all while looking straight at him. 
