 Josh and I went into the house through the garage. Robert was in the living room waiting for us, along with a man with dark hair, wearing a black suit. As we approached he said, "Hello Josh. And you must be TJ. Both Robert and my daughter have told me quite a bit about you."

Robert must have seen the puzzlement on my face. "Teej, this is Patrick Landrum, my, well our, lawyer."

"It's a pleasure to meet you, sir," I responded while extending my hand.

He gripped my hand firmly. "I hear you and my daughter are quite alike. At least, according to Alex."

I smiled. "Jenny is becoming one of my best friends. We do tend to finish each other's sentences."

He turned to Robert and chuckled. "You have your work cut out for you then."

Robert smiled and nodded. "Don't I know it. Let's all have a seat and get this conversation out of the way."

Mr. Landrum took over. "I've done some research today. It appears Mel contacted CPS this morning claiming her son was in danger. She told them her ex-husband was not allowing her to see nor speak to her son. She said this was an unsafe household because Robert allowed teenage homosexuals to spend the night together, and that Robert had a history of child abandonment. Luckily, the case went before Judge Hebert. When he saw that the requested court order was to remove Josh from Robert's home, he denied it. He then told the case-worker if anyone needed to be investigated for child abandonment, it was Mel."

Josh whispered to me, "Judge Hebert is Mike's dad." Okay, that made a little more sense now. Oh, by the way, I had to look up how to spell Hebert because down here, they pronounce it A-Bear.

Mr. Landrum continued. "She has now filed for sole custody, claiming that she had wanted custody three years ago, but felt threatened and was 'bullied' into giving in to Robert's demands. If this case went before Judge Hebert, he would recuse himself more than likely. That would put the case up for Judge Gough. Her track record is par for the course for Texas family courts; nine times out of ten, the ruling automatically favors the mother regardless of past circumstances. Hopefully I can get it knocked to mediation."

My anger had been stewing since he said the word homosexual. "How the hell does she know that there were teenage homosexuals spending the night together? Is she spying on us now?"

Robert placed his hand on my shoulder. "Calm down Teej. That's what I wondered too. I haven't noticed anyone around the neighborhood, but I wasn't looking for anyone. Yesterday was the first time I've talked to her in three years. I'm not sure where she went after the divorce. I honestly didn't care. Her dad died when she was young and her mother didn't handle it well. She was in and out of family and foster homes till she turned eighteen. I think that's part of the reason she never liked you Teej. She was jealous you had someone there to take care of you. Anyways, she mentioned some aunts and uncles that would take care of her short term, but her mother never gave up parental rights and no one ever fought to keep her."

I will never admit this out loud to a single living soul. For about three-tenths of a second, I almost felt sorry for Mel. I shook my head and quickly squashed that line of thought. I reminded myself of every hateful thing she had ever said or did to me. When I thought about her spying on Sean and me, I was pissed again. "Is there a way to keep her from spying on us?"

"Until we have proof that she is spying on y'all, not really. We don't know if she's working alone on this, or if someone is helping her. We lucked out this morning. Now, it's my job to get this case kicked to mediation or thrown out completely. Don't get your hopes up about the latter happening. This is Texas and the state favors the mother. However, there is a good chance of this going to mediation, since most custody cases do."

We talked for about another forty-five minutes. Mr. Landrum was just getting ready to leave when the doorbell rang. I looked at the time and smiled. I jumped up and ran to the door hoping to see my boyfriend. There were four faces waiting for me on the other side of the door.

"Hey y'all, come in. Jenny, I guess you know your dad is here huh?"

Sean, Jenny, Alex, and surprisingly, Kevin entered the house. Jenny went and hugged her dad while Sean pulled me into a hug.

"How did practice go? Is everything okay?"

"It went as well as can be expected. A few of the guys started saying some things, but once Coach said that I was still the starting quarterback and still team captain, and if they didn't like it, they needed to rethink playing football this year, they quieted down. Well, at least vocally. I think I've made Kevin's job a little harder this season."

Sean nodded towards Kevin, who just smiled. "If anyone on the defense's side wants to get to your boyfriend, they'll have to come through me. Well, at least my side of the offensive line. The other guard might be a problem."

I swear Sean glared at Kevin for like half a second. "Don't worry about Smith, he'll do his job if he wants to keep playing."

The concern must have shown on my face, because Sean kissed my cheek and said, "Don't worry about me Teej, I'll be fine."

Mr. Landrum walked into the foyer. "Hello Sean, Kevin, how are y'all doing?"

Sean broke our hug and stepped over to shake hands with Jenny's dad. "Hello Mr. Landrum, sir."

Robert came into the foyer and was surprised to see it full of people by the look on his face. "I didn't know we were having a party. Y'all come on in." He noticed Kevin and got a little apprehensive. "Kevin, I didn't expect to see you."

I answered Robert's unasked question. "It's okay, Robert. He doesn't like his cousin much right now either."

Kevin chuckled a little. "Yeah, I met TJ in Government today and then we had Physics together. Plus, I guess I kinda came out at practice today, so she probably isn't going to like me sitting at the 'gay table' tomorrow at lunch."

Jenny scoffed. "Nobody cares what that bitch-faced whore thinks anyway."

Mr. Landrum looked at her sternly. "Jennifer Martha Landrum."

She honestly looked sorry for what she said. "Sorry, Daddy."

As we all entered the living room I walked up next to Kevin. "I didn't think you were ready for everyone to know. What happened?"

"When some of the other players started talking shit, before Coach said anything, I just couldn't sit there and listen to those fuckheads. Oh sorry Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Landrum."

Mr. Landrum laughed. "It's alright Kevin. You know who my daughter is, correct?"

Robert spoke up. "I'm sure if you've been around TJ for longer than ten minutes, you know he has a mouth like a sailor."

"Hey, that's not true. I don't say shit like that all the time."

That earned me a slap on the back of the head from Robert. "Hey watch the head. You don't want to give me a concussion, do you?"

I felt Sean tense up next to me. Before I could ask him about it, Mr. Landrum announced, "I quit billing you for the hour ten minutes ago, Robert. It's costing me money standing here. Jenny, don't stay too late. You still need to take Alex home and get home yourself for dinner and homework."

"Y'all are welcome to hang out for a little while. If you need anything, I'll be in my office. Y'all behave," Robert announced on his way back from the front door.

"What could we possibly do to misbehave? We're just sitting here Dad," Josh asked innocently.

"Yeah Sean and Teej are sitting here. Alex and Jenny are sitting there. You and ... never mind. That's not going to happen."

Both Kevin and Josh turned tomato red. It was kinda cute. They were sitting next to each other, neither one relaxing. They kept failing when they tried to sneak glances at the other when they thought nobody was looking. I told Kevin we needed to find him a boyfriend, but I wasn't sure about him dating my baby brother. Come on, this is Josh I'm talking about here. I don't think God would even be good enough to deserve my brother. Besides, Kevin is like almost a foot taller than Josh and outweighs him by at least a hundred pounds! I think I agree with Robert. It's not going to happen. (I had a feeling it so was going to happen).

The six of us sat around talking until about 6:30 when Alex and Jenny left.

Sean whispered in my ear. "Let's go to your room for a bit. I think I need help with ummm the English assignment."

God, I so wanted to spend some alone time with Sean, but I didn't want to leave Kevin hanging out with Josh and it would be rude to kick him out. (Which I would never do to a friend).

Sean kissed my neck. He could sense my hesitation. His lips came back to my ear. "Don't worry about Kevin. Josh will keep him entertained for a few minutes. Look at them; they're getting along fine."

I looked over to where they were sitting. They had both relaxed finally and settled into a friendly conversation. They weren't flirting, just talking about random shit.

I stood up and offered my hand to Sean. "Sean needs me to help with his English assignment. We'll be back in a few minutes."

Josh snickered and Kevin smirked. "Uh huh English assignment. Didn't you tell me on the way over here you didn't have any homework tonight, McNair?"

"Shut it. So what if I want to make out with my boyfriend." Sean paused when we got to the hallway. "Hey Wilson, why don't you grow a pair and ask Josh out? You said he was your type on the way here."

Josh stared at Kevin with his mouth hanging slightly open. Kevin stammered, "I..I..I umm well screw you McNair. I was getting to it." He looked expectantly at Josh, who just grinned in return.

I grabbed my boyfriend's hand and led him to my room. I dragged him in and closed the door behind us. "You did not just hook my baby brother up with that Neanderthal, did you? He'll break Josh."

"Kevin is one of the nicest guys I know. He won't break Josh's heart. I promise. I told him I'd kick his ass into next week if he did."

"No, you don't understand. Kevin will break him, physically. Look how massive he is and how small Joshy is."

Sean laughed loudly. "Really? Kevin is a gentle giant. I promise you, your baby brother will be safe. Now, come here and help me with this English assignment."

He pulled me towards him and pressed his lips to mine. Just as the kiss was getting good, there was a knock on my door. Robert's voice carried into the room. "Knock it off you two. If this door isn't open in thirty seconds, I will remove it from the hinges."

I pulled away enough to yell back. "I'm helping Sean with an English assignment."

"Uh huh. That's why you have thirty seconds to finish up and get out here."

Believe me when I tell you, we made the absolute most of those thirty seconds. In fact, I opened the door still attached to his lips. Robert was standing there and just chuckled. "Besides, who's entertaining y'alls friend in the living room?" Realization dawned on him.

When he quickly headed to the living room, Sean and I followed. We walked in to find Kevin and Josh still sitting next to each other, talking. The only difference was, they were now holding hands. I couldn't stop the laugh resulting from my mental image from escaping. Everyone looked at me like I had lost my mind. "All I'm saying is Chihuahua and Rottweiler."

Sean was the first to laugh, followed quickly by Robert. Josh looked confused for a second then glared at me while Kevin once again turned his favorite shade of red.

Robert headed to the kitchen. "Sean and Kevin, y'all can stay for dinner if it's okay with your parents. If not, I'm not kicking y'all out because y'all are always welcome here, but you need go on home and get some rest."

Kevin glanced at Sean and he looked almost scared. "Sean..." He started choking up and his eyes filled with tears.

Robert went into assistant principal mode automatically. "What's wrong Kevin? You know you can talk to me, right?"

Kevin sat there and started wiping tears from his eyes. Sean went to him and sat on the arm of the loveseat and patted his shoulders. Josh never let go of his hand.

That's when I heard Robert swear under his breath. "That no-good mother fucker. Ronnie told you not to go home didn't he?"

Kevin nodded. I was completely lost. "Is there something I'm missing here?"

Robert spoke first. "If Kevin came out today, he can't go home. Do you need to stay here?"

Sean answered for him. "I've already talked to my dad and he said Kevin can stay with us as long as he needs to."

I started getting mad at this point. "Will someone please tell me what the fuck is going on? Obviously, something is going on here and I'm the only one in the dark."

Kevin took a deep breath and sighed. "Crimes against homosexuals were not hate-crimes in Texas until 2001. Well, back in 1998, there was a guy who was beat up pretty bad outside of the clubs in Beaumont. The guy was seen leaving the gay club up there and later found unconscious in an alley. The guy never remembered who attacked him. There was some evidence found that led to my dad. He was charged with Assault Causing Bodily Injury which is a Class-A Misdemeanor. He got a $4,000 fine and two years' probation. He left the guy for dead and that's all his punishment was. Everyone in the county knew he beat the guy up just because he was gay. Uncle Ronnie didn't talk to him for almost four years after that.

"My dad's never hit me. He's not an abuser, he's just a homophobic prick. Since I came out today and this being such a small town, it won't take long for him to find out. So, it's best if I don't go home. Ever."

My heart ached for Kevin. He was the bravest person I knew. He risked everything he had to stand next to Sean in front of their team. I went over to him and pulled him into a hug. I whispered to him, "Don't worry, we'll help you through this. And you better take good care of my brother."

I grabbed Josh and pulled him into our hug. Sean joined in the group hug. Robert cleared his throat and I glanced over at him. "Feeling left out? Want to join in our gay hug orgy?"

The group hug quickly broke up with Josh smacking my arm, playfully. Sean groaned. "How can you say things like that to the assistant principal?"

Kevin smiled though and that was enough for me. "I don't know Sean, Mr. Kennedy and TJ look alike, it might be hot."

Josh turned to Kevin. "Stop right there. We are going to get a few things clear right here and now. I'm not going to date someone who thinks my dad and brother are hot." He turned to me and continued, "I know you don't like me thinking Sean is hot either." He turned one last time to Sean. "Sean, sorry to say, but I'm so over you. I mean I thought you were hot, but compared to him, you're just cute."

"I'm not hot?"

"You're dating?"

"Your dad and brother?"

"When did you get so damn bossy?"

The responses all came out at once. We all stopped talking and laughed. Robert shook his and turned back towards the kitchen. "Kevin, could you please come speak with me while I start dinner? You three go talk in TJ's room, please."

Kevin gave us a confident nod and hugged Josh one last time. About ten minutes later, he came back to my room. "Hey guys. Sean, if you're almost ready, I don't want to rush you, but I'm honestly tired and your dad should be home by now."

Josh looked a little concerned, but smiled nervously. "What did my dad talk to you about? I mean you don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I just wanted to make sure you're okay."

Kevin pulled Josh into another hug. I swear they were more touchy-feely than Sean and me. "He told me he didn't want me anywhere without an adult. I'm supposed to come here with Sean after practice till Mr. McNair gets home. He also said he would take care of all the paper work for the school."

"Did he say anything about us dating?"

"Nothing at all. He said that this is a safe place and I'm welcome here anytime and to not be afraid to be myself. He also explained how you and TJ are brothers." He looked over at Sean and me. "He didn't give details, only that he was your biological father and had you just before he graduated high school. He said you can give the details if you want. I'll listen, I'm sure it's an interesting story, but I don't need to know. When you're comfortable, I'm here for you bro."

"Thanks. Sean knows the whole story and I don't mind if he tells you."

Kevin smiled and then looked back at Josh. "I really would like to stay and talk some more, but I'm drained. Between practice and this home shit, it took a lot out of me."

Josh stood on his tiptoes and kissed his cheek. "It's okay. I'll see you in the morning at school. When are you going to take me on a date?"

Kevin chuckled. "Well Mr. Kennedy said Sean and I were to be here Friday after practice. He wants us showered and dressed by seven. Evidently, we're eating dinner with someone he wants us to meet."

I looked at Sean. "Shit, I forgot to tell you. Robert is introducing us to the lady he's dating. Dinner is here Friday night. I guess you know that part now. Sorry, I forgot to invite you earlier."

"It's okay babe. I'll let it slide. I guess Kevin and I should head home. I love you." He kissed me hard and deep right in front of Josh and Kevin.

When I pulled away, breathless, I was shocked at what I saw. Kevin and Josh were kissing and it was a lot more than just a peck. There was some major tongue wrestling going on there. When they finally broke apart, I noticed that Kevin had to hold Josh up. My brother's knees were like Jell-O.

Sean and I got off the bed, surreptitiously adjusting ourselves. Josh seemed to have recovered the use of his legs, barely. As he stumbled towards the front door, supported by Kevin, I couldn't resist what came out of my mouth. "So, Josh, how was your first kiss?"

Josh giggled. "Fucking mind-blowing."

"Dude, you couldn't stand up. So, I guess you have a thing for guys who are bigger than you."

Josh laughed. "Seriously Teej. That's not hard to accomplish."

As we got to the front door, Robert called out. "Sean, I spoke with your dad. He's home and said for you and Kevin to head that way. Kevin, I did call Ronnie and he agrees you're safer either here or at Jacob and Sean's. He said your dad already called him demanding to know where you were. Ronnie asked him why and your dad said, 'So I can kick the gay out of him.' Ronnie let your dad know he wasn't to come anywhere near you and refused to let him know where you're staying. Of course, this is Port Neches-Groves we're talking about so both towns will know by tomorrow where you're living. Jacob is going tomorrow morning to get a restraining order placed on your dad so he can't come near any of y'all, the school, and any school related activity. I think that about covers it." He walked up to Kevin hugged him in a fatherly fashion. "Don't worry son. Between Jacob, Ronnie, and myself you'll be taken care of." He released the hug and looked to both Kevin and Sean. "If either of my sons get hurt, I know where to find y'all at any given time. I can and will make your lives hell. Don't let my boys get hurt in any way." Sean smirked while Kevin looked like a deer caught in headlights. Then Robert winked at them and laughed. "Relax, Kevin. I'm joking. My boys have you two wrapped around their little fingers. I know neither of y'all would hurt them. Y'all be careful going home and call when you get there."

Sean called me about ten minutes later to let me know that they made it to the house safely. We talked for a few minutes before Robert called me back for dinner. As I sat there with Josh and Robert, I realized how lucky I am. I may have lost my parents, but now I have a dad, who I can tell truly loves me, the most wonderful brother in the world, some very good friends who have my back, and the most amazing, loving, handsomest, amazing (I know I said it twice) boyfriend in the world.