 "Hey there, Little Buddy. How are you?"

Those seven words broke my heart. No, that's not it, it wasn't the words. It was the look on Josh's face that made my heart shatter into a million tiny pieces. How fucking stupid could I have been? There were signs everywhere, written with big, bold, red letters, warning me to proceed with caution. He played football and baseball, he was going to be a senior, and he was nice as hell.

It was obvious something was wrong. Josh had burst into the room like a little ball of energy, a smile plastered on his face. Suddenly, he got quiet and the smile faded. I was just sitting there, not moving or saying anything. What was I supposed to say? Finally, Josh managed to speak, "What?"

"I'm so sorry, Josh."

"Hey, what's up?"

Sean and my responses came out together. Sean looked at me with a smile and asked, "Why are you sorry?"

I lost myself in Sean's emerald green eyes for a moment, then swallowed hard. "I'm so sorry, Sean; but I can't do this. I didn't know."

The last part was said to Josh, who simply glared at me before he left. That glare told me everything I feared-Josh hated me right now. The next thing we heard was his bedroom door slamming shut. 

Sean took a ragged breath and closed his eyes. "TJ, what do you mean you can't do this? What is it you can't do? And what didn't you know?"

"I swear I didn't mean to lead you on, but I can't do this."

Sean kept looking from me to the open door. It didn't take him long to figure out what was going on. After a few moments, he took my hand and asked, "Why can't you do this, TJ? You know it feels right. Please tell me why. Is it because you don't want to hurt Josh?"

I wanted to tell him yes more than anything, but this wasn't my secret to tell. I shook my head and said, "I can't tell you why Sean. Please don't ask me to. Could you just go before it gets too hard to let go of your hand?"

He whispered, "It already is."

He gripped my hand tighter. We sat there for who knows how long. Eventually, Robert knocked on the door. "Hey, are y'all doing okay in here?" He noticed our hands and grinned slightly.

I nodded and asked, "How is he doing?"

Robert smiled and said, "He's upset but okay." Then he looked at Sean and continued. "He wants to talk to you if that's okay."

Sean smiled and said, "That's fine. I'll go talk to him now."

I went to follow but Robert placed a firm hand on my shoulder and said, "Just Sean. We need to talk."

Sean and I looked at each other and he nodded to me. Sean headed to Josh's room and I started talking before he was out of the room. "Robert, you have to know I didn't have any clue. I should've seen it, but Josh never told me his name. From the look he gave me earlier, he hates me."

"I talked to him and reminded him who his best friend is. Josh loves you. Right now, he's telling Sean everything. He wanted me to tell you if Sean makes you happy, go for it. He just needs some space and time to get used to the idea. He'll be okay and I promise you'll have your best friend back in no time. Oh, yeah, he also said to tell you if you try to do the noble thing and stop seeing Sean, he'll never talk to you again."

"I don't think Sean would let me stop seeing him, so we don't have to worry about that. I just wish Josh hadn't been hurt. So, he won't talk to me at all right now?"

"He doesn't want to say anything to you he might regret later. He just had his heart broken for the first time."

"So, you have another date tonight, huh? Who is she?" I asked, desperately trying to change the subject.

"Well, I don't want to say anything yet, because it's someone from work. If it doesn't work out, I don't want things to be weird for her. I promise if it gets serious, then you and Josh will meet her."

"Okay, I'll let it slide for now. But, I want to meet her eventually. Now, what's going on in there? Sean and I need get my tire fixed, then get my car back. Would you mind if I went out with Sean and then spent the night over at his place? Well, hopefully, that's what we're doing, I haven't told him what our plans are yet." I laughed while Robert rolled his eyes at my joke.

I went to get Sean from Josh's room. I cleared my throat to let them know I was headed that way. Sean met me at Josh's door, blocking any view of Josh I might have had. "Hey, I was just coming to get you. We need to go get my tire fixed and get my car if you don't mind giving me a ride."

"Of course, I'll give you ride. We can go to my place and hang out. Bring your swimsuit and a change of clothes."

We got my car fixed and finally arrived at Sean's at about 2:30 pm. There was a note on the kitchen table from Sean's dad stating he had to go to the office and he wasn't sure when he would be home. We were swimming when my phone rang around 6:00 pm. It was Robert. Before I could finish saying hello, he asked, "Are you coming home tonight?"

"No, I was going to call you in a bit and let you know I'm spending the night at Sean's."

"Okay, good. That's fine."

I realized that meant Josh would be at home alone most of the night, so I asked, "Will Josh be okay by himself? I know he was pretty upset earlier."

"Jarrod and Mike came over and they're staying the night. Josh will be fine; you don't worry about him. Have fun and be careful."

Before I could say anything else, Robert hung up. I sat down on a patio chair and stared at nothing. Sean got out of the pool and sat in the chair next to me. "Is everything okay? Can you stay the night?"

"Yeah, I can stay tonight. And everything is fucking great. My brother hates me. I've lost my best friend."

Sean took my hand in his and waited until I was looking at him before he spoke. "Why do you think that? Josh doesn't hate you. I promise. He told me this morning. I know we've been avoiding this all day, but I think you need to talk about it. So, why do you think Josh hates you?"

"Well, let's see. He wouldn't look at me this morning. He's talked to everyone else but me. Robert and you did everything you could to keep me away from him this morning and today. The one time he did look at, he did nothing but glare.

"Josh and I have never fought, except that one time at the lawyer's office. I told you about the fight but I didn't tell you I called him a faggot. He forgave me then because he said I was stressed and he knew I didn't mean what I had said. Why would he forgive me now? There's no excuse."

"Except you didn't know who I was. Josh told me he never told you my name, just that I played football and baseball."

"That should have been enough for me to figure it out. I mean, how many of y'all are there?"

"Four. Four of us play both football and baseball. So, even if you knew who we all were, there was only a twenty-five percent chance it was me. Josh just needs some time to get used to us being together. This was all a big coincidence; but, I wouldn't change anything about it. Besides didn't Mr. Kennedy tell you the same thing this morning?" He asked with a smile. That smile stirred feelings inside I couldn't name, but I know I didn't want them to end.

"Yeah, but I'm hardheaded and needed to hear it again." I smiled back and leaned over and kissed him. Again, like our first kiss, neither of us tried to control it. It was perfect until we were interrupted by his phone ringing.

From his side of the conversation, it was his dad wondering if he should bring dinner home. Sean also told him I was there and asked if I could stay the night. He graced me with another smile after he got his answer. After deciding what his dad would bring us to eat, we went inside to watch TV. Being a Saturday night, I asked if it was okay if we watched Doctor Who. 

He laughed and said, "Thank God, I thought I was going to have to beg you to watch it. I never miss an episode, if I can help it."

This guy was made for me. I think I'm falling for him, and I don't want this to stop. That's all I could think as I grinned stupidly at Sean.

We were sitting on the couch with Sean's arm around my shoulders and me leaning into his side when his dad came in. I went to move over, but Sean just pulled me closer to him. His dad smiled at us. "Hey guys, come and get dinner." When we reached the kitchen, he stuck his hand out. "Hello, I'm Jacob McNair."

I shook his hand and replied, "TJ Kennedy, nice to meet you, Mr. McNair."

"Nice to meet you too. Sorry about your parents. Hopefully, you're settling in okay."

That took me by surprise and I stammered out, "Umm, thank you. I'm settling in fine. If you don't mind, how did you know about my parents?"

He smiled and said, "I'm Robert's financial advisor. He came to me to invest his part of the inheritance."

I could see where Sean got his smile from, and although it didn't have the same effect on me, it did relax me.

"Oh, well, thank you, sir. And thank you for dinner."

"No problem at all. So, I guess I'll be seeing you around here? You and Sean looked pretty comfortable on the couch when I got here," he said with a wink.

I started to blush, but Sean saved me from further embarrassment. "Dad, be nice. You'll either see more of TJ or less of me, depending on where we go to hang out."

His dad nodded. "That's fine, as long as you're happy. So, I take it Robert is okay with what's going on?"

I answered him nodding. "Yes sir, Robert just wants us to be happy too."

We ate dinner, then watched some more TV. About 10:00 pm, Mr. McNair announced he was going to bed. "Y'all don't stay up too late. Goodnight, I'll see y'all in the morning."

Sean and I sat on the couch for about thirty minutes. I tried to stifle my yawn, but Sean saw it. "Are you ready to go to bed? You can take the first shower. Come on, let's go upstairs."

His room was practically the whole upstairs. There was a small loft/game room area that led into his bedroom, which had its own bathroom. After the showers, we fell asleep exactly like the night before. It was fantastic.

I woke up Sunday morning when Sean came into his room carrying a tray full of food. "My dad made us breakfast, I thought I'd bring it up here to you. Hope you like eggs and bacon."

"Breakfast in bed? I could get used to this. Thank you. What are your plans for today?"

"I'm not sure, yet. My dad went to my Uncle Aaron's to help him with something. The Cowboy's preseason doesn't start until next week, so no football to watch. I guess I'll just be bumming around here." He paused for a moment. "I'm a little nervous. I'm supposed to meet up with my best friend for a bit. I need to talk to him anyways. I'm going to tell him about me. I'd like for you to meet him if everything goes smoothly."

"Are you sure? How would you want to introduce me?" I asked, barely able to take my next breath.

"Well, I was hoping to introduce as my boyfriend," Sean replied eagerly.

"I think I would like that. But, only if you're ready."

"I promise you, I'm ready. So, what do you have going on today?" 

"I should probably head home and check on Josh. Hopefully, he's willing to talk to me today. You're not nervous about coming out to your best friend?"

"Not really. We've been best friends and teammates forever. He always said he would be my friend no matter what; so, I guess I'm going to put that theory to the test."

I realized something. He was about to come out to one of his teammates. He had told me how important playing sports was to him, and he was about to risk everything. "You're willing to come out to one of your teammates for me? Isn't that a big risk?"

He looked me dead in the eye and said, "I plan on telling all of my teammates about you. I won't lie to my teams; I'm their captain. What kind of example would I be setting if I hid our relationship and it was discovered later? I would lose their trust and we have to be able to trust each other out on the field. Yes, it's a risk, but you're worth it."

"Wow, Sean. Thank you." I kissed him. Then I looked into his emerald green eyes. "Umm, is it too soon to say it? I've never told anybody but family so I'm not sure."

"You're not sure if you want to say it or you're not sure if it's too early?"

"Both."

"I don't know. I do know I like you and I think I might be falling in love with you."

"I like you too and I think I feel the same way. I say we leave it there."

"Agreed."

After we ate, he brought our plates downstairs, and then joined me while I was brushing my teeth. When we went back into the bedroom, Sean pulled me into a tight hug and softly kissed my neck. "I think it's a good thing tonight is a school night. I'm not sure if I could handle another night of just lying next to you. Do you have any idea what you do to me?"

The effect of his kisses became very noticeable in my shorts. My lips were placing kisses on his neck and chest and had a similar effect on him. "Probably the same thing you do to me. I've been damning our sleeping shorts the past two mornings. I want to feel all of you." With those words, I placed my hand on his cloth-covered cock. It felt perfect. We were about the same length at seven inches; however, he definitely had me beat in girth.

He pushed me onto the bed and then lay on top of me. He pulled my shirt up and over my head. His lips brushed against my neck again, and then he kissed his way down my shoulder to my chest. My lover took my nipple into his mouth and sucked on it for a few moments before kissing his way across my chest to the other. I felt kisses down my stomach to the waistline of my shorts. Sean's green eyes looked up at me and I raised my hips as he took my shorts off.

"Turn around. You're not the only one that gets to have fun." He lay on his side putting us in a sixty-nine position. I took off his shorts and admired the sight in front of me. I took the head into my mouth and sucked him down. This made him moan just as the head of my cock hit the back of his throat. The sensation nearly sent me over the edge. While his mouth was busy, Sean's hands kneaded my ass. Finally, one of his fingers lightly grazed my hole, causing my body to tremble. I encouraged him by pushing back. Soon, he was teasing my hole and I was losing my mind. I reluctantly reached back, spread his cheeks, and started playing with his hole. I pulled his dick out of my mouth and went down a little further.

He gasped when my tongue met the skin hidden between his firm muscular globes. After I got him nice and wet, I slowly pushed my finger inside of him. Sean started sucking me like there was no tomorrow. We were both rapidly approaching our climax. He pulled off my dick long enough to wet one finger and pushed it inside of me, then went right back to sucking me without missing a beat. As his finger was inside me, he found my prostate and pressed on it. That's all it took for me to explode. As I started shooting down his throat, he was pushed over the edge and came. I didn't think he would ever stop, but I swallowed every drop he gave.

We both rolled onto our backs, panting like we had just run a mile. After a minute, I turned so we were face to face. He pulled me over on top of him and kissed me hard. "Damn, TJ. That was amazing."

I looked down at him and smiled. "You're amazing. I've never come that hard before."

After a few minutes of snuggling, he whispered, "I don't want to let you go. I could stay right here forever."

"I could too."

Our paradise was broken when my phone started ringing. "I should get that; it's probably Robert wondering when I'm going to be home."

I scrambled to the nightstand grabbed my phone and answered without looking at the Caller I.D. I was shocked when I heard Josh's voice say flatly, "Teej, I think I'm ready to talk. When will you be home?"

I was so excited I spoke before thinking. "Let me get dressed and I can be there in fifteen minutes." Open mouth, insert foot. I hurriedly spat out, "Shit, Josh. I'm sorry. I umm..."

Surprisingly, he cut me off with a chuckle, "Tell Sean you'll talk to him later and get your ass home please."

"Okay. Umm Josh?"

"Yeah?"

"You know that I love you, right?"

He sighed, "Yeah, I know and I love you too jerkwad. I'll see you when you get home. Bye."

I hung up the phone and looked at Sean. He smirked and said, "I'm not going to say I told you so, but..."

I kissed him before he could finish that statement. "So, I guess I should head home huh? I really don't want to leave you, though." I sighed and moved to get dressed.

"You know, you never made it to the mall. How about you go talk to Josh and I'll talk to Alex. Once we're finished, I'll come pick you up and we'll go to the mall."

"Sounds like a plan. I'll see you in a couple of hours." He walked me out to my car and gave me another mind-blowing kiss once I was behind the wheel. Then we went our separate ways.

When I arrived back home, Robert was sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee. He looked way too happy. "What's got you smiling so much this morning? I take it you had a good time last night."

"I had a wonderful time, and we're going out again Friday night. Well, actually, we're not going out, she's coming here for dinner with all of us. So, don't make any plans for Friday night. You can invite Sean if you want. I assume you're going to see him again, right?"

"Yeah, he's my boyfriend," I reply with the biggest smile in the world. "Hopefully, Josh will be okay with that."

"I'm fine with that," I heard from behind me. "When Sean talked to me yesterday, he told me he has and will always see me as a little brother. I haven't seen him smile like that since before his mom died, except when he's on the field. You seem happy finally. I've been worried about you spending so much time alone in your room." He sighed and got a determined look on his face.

"I freaked out yesterday and I'm sorry about that. It was a shock to walk into your room and see you in bed with someone. When I realized it was Sean, I lost it. I convinced myself you did it on purpose. Dad set me straight on that. So, did Sean. I'm sorry I wouldn't talk you, though. I couldn't. I was pissed at you. I knew you didn't do it on purpose, but my emotions wouldn't listen to my head. I don't like fighting with you."

He crossed over and wrapped his arms around me tightly. I held him and said, "I'm so sorry Josh. If I had known..."

He cut me off before I could say more. "What? You know now, does it change anything?"

I hung my head. "No. I like him. He makes me happier than I can ever remember being. It just sucks that my happiness causes your sadness."

"Stop it Teej. You deserve to be happy. So, does Sean. I'll be fine. I mean come on. How many first crushes actually work out? Where is he anyways?"

"Coming out to his best friend."

"Really? That's cool!"

"Yeah. He wants to introduce me to him later if everything goes well. We're going to the mall later if you want to come with us. I'm sure there are some things you need for school."

"Are you sure you want me tagging along with you and Sean? Won't I be a third wheel?"

"Dude, we're just going to the mall. Go ask Jarrod and Mike if they want to go too. This is our last night before school starts." I gave him my best puppy-dog eyes and continued. "Come on Joshy, come hang out with me. We haven't done much together this summer, and that's totally my fault. I spent the whole summer in my room. I'm finally out of my funk and miss hanging out with my best friend."

"Okay, I'll go. Just don't make out with him in front of me, unless you find someone for me to make out with too. Or you can let me make out with Sean. I wouldn't mind him being my first kiss."

Robert spoke up. . "Josh, I better not find out you've been making out with anyone." He was trying his best to keep a straight face.

"Oh come on Dad. You're no fun. I bet you kissed your date last night, didn't you?"
