 Robert tried to avoid being in the same room as Sean and me for the rest of the day on Saturday. I'm not sure if it was because of what he walked in on or the fact I asked him why Lori had been at the house so early that morning, which he conveniently neglected to answer. After clearing it with our boyfriends and Jacob, Josh and I decided to let him have the house to himself and we all spent the night at Sean and Kevin's. We spent the whole evening hanging out, just the four of us. It was nice and we all learned more about each other. We ended up blowing up a couple of air mattresses and setting them up in the game room, where we eventually fell asleep. 

On Sunday, after Jacob told us he was going to Aaron's for the day and wouldn't be back until late that evening, we decided to hang out with the whole group and threw an impromptu party at Sean's. We invited Pauly and he and Hunter ended up coming over. Pauly was no longer Rogers. Gone was the overly-cocky-douchebag-fuckhead who tried to make our lives hell. In his place was a nice guy who was trying to right some of the wrongs he had done in the past. He apologized to everyone multiple times. Finally, he accepted the fact we honestly forgave him and stopped apologizing.

At one point, Hunter pulled me aside and asked to speak to Sean and me privately. He seemed concerned about something, so I got Sean and we went in the house. Once the three of us were in Sean's room, Hunter turned to us and asked, "Can y'all do me a favor?"

I answered, "Probably, depends on what you want."

He sighed and started, "I'm kinda worried Smith is going to try and get into Pauly's head. I don't know how, but he seems to know exactly what to say to get to Pauly. I know he's tried to message, but as far as I know, Pauly didn't respond. Just, keep an eye on him, please. Granma would be hella-pissed if he lets Smith manipulate him again and would tan his hide."

I couldn't stop the chuckle I let out when I got the mental image of a truly pissed off Doris Rogers taking her anger out on Pauly. Hunter smiled at me and said, "You're imagining Granma kicking Pauly's ass, aren't you?"

"I think I would pay money to see that," I replied with a chuckle.

Sean shook his head but otherwise ignored our commentary and said, "I think we can agree to keep an eye on him if you'll promise something in return."

"What do you want me to promise?" Hunter asked apprehensively.

"Talk to your coach and try to get back on your team."

"What? I can't do that. I already quit. Besides, I don't deserve to play."

I rolled my eyes and replied, "That's fucking bullshit and you know it. Answer me this- do you enjoy playing football?"

Hunter nodded. "Of course. But that doesn't change the fact I targeted Sean with the intention of hurting him. I doubt my coach would even let me play again."

"But you won't know for sure unless you ask," I countered. 

"Fine! I'll talk to him tomorrow and see what he says. Just, please keep Smith away from Pauly."

"We'll do our best," I promised. 

Once we were finished talking, the three of us headed downstairs. As soon as we walked in the backyard, the cat calls, whistles, and innuendoes started. I shut them all down when I spoke the truth. "What's the matter? Y'all jealous y'all weren't invited? Give us about," I looked at Sean, questioningly, "ten to fifteen minutes, wouldn't you say? We'll be ready to go again."

They all tried to act as if they weren't interested, but I know they all wanted me. And, let's be honest, who wouldn't want Sean? The two of us together would probably be too much for them. They couldn't handle us. 

Eventually, the party started winding down, and by the time Jacob got home at six, everyone was gone. Sean and I hung out in his room while Kevin and Josh hung out in the guest room downstairs (which was Kevin's room). When I went to tell Josh we needed to head home, they were sitting on opposite sides of Kevin's bed. He asked me for a few more minutes, so I went back upstairs to give Sean one more kiss. Josh was quiet on the way home. I could tell there was something on his mind but knew he probably wouldn't talk about it with me until he was ready. I know how surprising this may be, but I decided to be patient and wait for him to come to me.

We drove up to a mostly dark house, only the lights over the stove and the one above the kitchen sink were on. There was a note on the kitchen island from Robert letting us know he was out to dinner with Lori and wasn't sure when (or if) he would be home and not to wait up for him. I chuckled when I read the note, whereas Josh barely smiled. 

Josh and I finished what little homework we had, ate a quick bite for a late dinner, then got ready for bed. About fifteen minutes after I laid down, there was a soft knock on my door. Josh opened the door and asked if I was still awake.

"Yeah, what's up?" I asked as he came in the room.

"I can't sleep. Too much going on up here." He pointed to his temple.

"What are you worried about? Talk to me bub."

"I don't know. I'm worried about Kevin and everything he's going through with his dad. I'm worried about Dad, hoping everything works out with Lori. He deserves someone who makes him happy. I'm worried about you."

"Me? Why me? I'm fine," I interrupted incredulously.

"Yes, you. Between what happened over the summer and everything going on with Sean, add in the fact you're going to be applying for schools soon, it's got to be a lot to deal with. 

"And speaking of the summer, I'm starting to feel guilty about something. I'm sad Mimi and Poppa are gone, but I'm happier you're here with us. Does that mean I'm happy they're gone? If they hadn't have died, then you wouldn't have ever moved down here, you wouldn't have ever met Sean, he probably wouldn't have come out, which means Kevin wouldn't have come out either, so I wouldn't be with him now. I have way too much to be happy about and it's all because they died."

I put my arm around him and pulled him into a side hug. "I promise you, bub, I'm fine. Don't worry about me. As far as this summer goes; yes, I'm sad about it, but if it hadn't happened, I wouldn't have met Sean. I can't be upset about that. I will admit I'm a little concerned about applying for schools, but I'm almost sure I can get into the schools I plan on applying to. Robert and Lori are still pretty new, but I think they'll be fine. And Kevin's strong. He'll be fine. He has his uncle, you, Sean, Jacob, Robert, Mr. Landrum and me supporting him in anything he needs. The only thing you need to worry about is you. Now, is that everything?"

He hesitated before he shook his head. I had a feeling I knew what was coming and I know why he was stalling before he said anything. He has it in his head I don't want to talk about all the shit Mel's put him through. Just because she is one of my least favorite people on Earth doesn't mean I won't listen to Josh vent about her. She's his mom. I totally understand if a small part of him still feels for her. 

Finally, after a few moments of silence, he sniffled and quietly asked, "Why doesn't my mom want anything to do with me? What did I do wrong?"

My arm was still draped over his shoulders, so I pulled him tighter against me. "I want you to listen to me and hear what I'm saying to you. Mel's actions have absolutely nothing to do with you or anything you might have done. The way she's acting is totally on her. She's the one with the issues, not you. I'm sorry you have to go through this. And trust me, I know it's easy to tell yourself something's true, but hard as hell to accept it in your heart. It will take time, but eventually you'll accept the truth that her leaving and not wanting to see you had nothing to do with you and everything to do with her."

He sniffled a few times, then said in a soft voice, "Thanks Teej, I know what you're saying is true, but I can't help but feel like this sometimes. Umm, do you mind if I sleep in here with you tonight? It's been awhile since we've shared a bed. I just don't want to be by myself tonight."

"Of course, you can stay in here with me. I love you, bub, and I'll always be here for you. Now, let's get some sleep. We have school in the morning and Robert will probably still have to come by and get ready for work."

With that being said, I turned out the lights and crawled under the covers with my brother. When Josh and I would share a bed, we wouldn't cuddle or anything. We both liked the fact there was someone in the bed with us. When we were little and still believed in the closet monsters, we would reassure each other by saying we would watch each other's backs and wake the other up if the monsters came. Sometimes it's just nice knowing someone's there to watch your back. The monsters might not be physically real, but that doesn't mean they're not there. 

I woke up the next morning when my alarm started going off. I stretched out and opened my eyes and nearly jumped out of the bed. Robert was leaning against my doorframe with his arms crossed and wearing a stupid, silly smile. 

I still jerked and let out a little yelp and said, "Jesus-H-Christ, Robert. Creeper much? What the hell are you lurking in the doorway for?"

"I was just admiring my two boys and thinking how lucky I am to have y'all both."

Ok, this was getting a little too Hallmark for me. So, I gave him a typical TJ Kennedy response. "Yeah, you are lucky to have us. We're pretty fucking awesome. We both get good grades, are in honor's classes, you don't have to worry about us getting some random girl pregnant, and we don't drink or do drugs. Think of how much worse your life would be if any of those weren't true."

His smile got bigger and he said, "There's the Teej I know and love. Now, is there a particular reason you and your brother are in the same bed?"

To my surprise, Josh answered his question. "Is there a particular reason you didn't come home on a school night?"

Before Robert could respond, I said, "That might be why he's smiling. It's creepy. And now I have the mental image of Robert and Lori having sex in my head."

Josh backhanded me in the chest. "Did you have to say that out loud? Now I have the image in my head. I need brain bleach."

"At least y'all didn't have to hear what we were doing. I really should look into soundproofing these rooms. Neither of y'all nor your boyfriends understand that sound travels and others can hear when you get loud. Now get up and get your butts ready for school. I'll see y'all there."

I looked at a blushing Josh and asked, "Did Robert just accuse us of having loud sex? Because, I mean, with the exception of your headboard pounding against the wall every once in a while, I haven't heard you and Kevin having sex. Are Sean and I loud?"

Instead of answering, Josh groaned and rolled out of bed. He left my room without saying anything else. I decided to take his non-answer as a no, Sean and I don't have loud sex. I might have to remedy that next time. Not that I want Robert and Josh to hear us having sex, I just like knowing we can be louder if we want. 

Driving to school, I started getting anxious about Smith and how he would handle Pauly not wanting to be around him anymore. Would he get mad and start something? Would he blow it off like it was no big deal? Would he get loud and start a shouting match? My questions were answered almost immediately as soon as we walked inside. I heard the shouting before we opened the doors and saw a huge crowd gathered by the main stairs. 

Kevin was holding a struggling Pauly in a bear hug from behind. Sean had a fuming, red-faced Patrick pinned against the wall. Chasity was kneeling, helping an upset Ethan gather his books. Mark had Smith pinned against the opposite wall with his forearm across his throat. I ran toward the chaos and asked Jenny, Amber, and Castro what was going on. 

Castro responded, "That fuck-face pushed Ethan and made him drop all his books."

Before he could continue, Coach Wilson's booming voice was heard. "What's going on here? Kevin, let Rogers go. Same with you, Mark and Sean. I want the six of you," he then noticed Ethan and Chasity and continued, "plus you two, to follow me to Mr. Kennedy's office. The rest of you go somewhere else. Now!"

As everyone hurried to follow orders, Amber took over the story. "Patrick and Ethan, plus Kevin, Sean, and those two," she indicated Jenny and Castro, "and me ran into Pauly first thing this morning and were hanging out here talking. We decided to go to the cafeteria to wait for y'all. We started walking that way while Patrick went to the restroom. Ethan waited for him and Pauly decided to wait with him. We weren't too far down the hallway before we heard Smith say, 'Why are you hanging out with this retard?' I guess he pushed Ethan out of the way or something, because next we heard was Ethan dropping his books and Patrick and Pauly both yelling. We turned around and saw Ethan on the ground and Patrick getting ready to punch Smith. Kevin and Sean ran towards the group just as Mark and Chasity came in the front doors. Right after Patrick hit Smith and was about to throw another punch, Sean grabbed him while Kevin and Mark grabbed Pauly and Smith. That's when y'all walked in."

"What made him push Ethan? I mean I can't imagine Ethan saying anything to Smith to provoke him. I guess I'll have to ask Sean about it during English," I wondered aloud. 

The only problem was, Sean never made it to English class. I had to pass by the main office on my way to the auditorium for Drama class. I looked through the glass. I could see Sean, Kevin, Mark, Pauly, and Ethan sitting in chairs. There was no sign of Smith or Patrick. Sean noticed me looking and subtly shook his head. I could tell by the look on his face, this wasn't going to be a good outcome. I didn't think he was in trouble. The only ones who probably were going to be in trouble were Smith and Patrick.

During Drama, we were assigned a partner and a scene we had to memorize, block, and ultimately act out the following week. My scene partner was Stacey, which normally would've been awesome, except she was so distracted the whole time, we didn't get anything accomplished. I tried asking her what was wrong and all she said was, "Huh? Oh, I'm fine. What were we talking about?" She glanced over at John and Josh, who were scene partners, with a worried look and didn't listen to anything else I said. 

During Yearbook, I worked on my spreads and stories some, talked to Jenny, and tried not to think too much about what was going on in the office. The next period was my free period, so I headed to the front office to see if Robert had anything for me to do. When I walked in, Ethan was sitting outside Robert's closed door next to a sullen-looking Patrick. Across the room, on the other side of a counter, Smith sat with his arms crossed and a glower on his face. As I got closer to Robert's office, I started hearing raised voices coming from the other side of the door. 

I took a seat next to Ethan and waited for one of them to start talking. Finally, Ethan spoke. "M-m-my p-p-parents are in-in-in there. So is Sm-Sm-Smith's dad. My p-parents s-s-said something ab-ab-about pulling me out of school. I d-don't w-want t-t-to leave." 

When tears started falling from his eyes, Patrick took over. "I got two days suspension for throwing a punch. Right now, Smith has a week suspension for bullying and physically assaulting another student, with the possibility of expulsion. Coach Wilson also kicked him off the team. When his dad found out, he immediately came up here and demanded to speak to Mr. Kennedy and Coach Wilson. Mr. Smith was yelling at Coach and Mr. Kennedy, demanding Smith be allowed back on the team. Then when he heard I only got two days suspension and not a week like Smith did, he wanted Mr. Kennedy to extend my time. Mr. Kennedy was explaining the extended suspension was due to bullying when Ethan's parents walked in. The minute they heard the word bullying, they started talking about homeschooling Ethan again. I know if they are reassured Ethan is safe, they'll let him stay. I just hope Mr. Kennedy can convince them."

Robert's office door opened, and I heard him say, "Ms. Rowling will get the withdraw paperwork for you. The reason for his suspension and possible expulsion will be included. Is there anything else I can help you with?"

"Hell, no! Joseph, come on. Let's get out of here." He turned to Robert with a sneer. "If you continue to give their kind," he pointed towards Patrick, Ethan, and me, "free reign around here, they'll take over. They've brainwashed Paul Rogers against my son. They've practically taken over the football team. And according to Joseph, it all started because of him." He jabbed his finger in my direction. 

Robert tried to intervene, but I couldn't stop my response. "What the fu..." I managed to get out before I felt a hand cover my mouth. I turned my head and followed the arm attached to the hand to find Ethan's face. I was seething but seeing something in his eyes made me calm down. I turned back around in time to hear Robert's response. 

"I think it's time for you to leave the school grounds. Officer McNair will escort you and your son to his locker. He can gather what he needs from there and then he'll escort you from the building. Thank you for coming in this morning, now if you'll excuse me."

I looked behind Mr. Smith and saw Aaron standing there in his uniform. Is it inappropriate for me to imagine Sean when I see him dressed like this and get a boner? I don't think it is. He looks like he could be Sean's older brother. I can imagine what Sean's going to look like in the future when I see him. I could totally see him wearing a uniform just like Aaron's. Mmmmm. Anyways, Aaron nodded at me and I used all my willpower to not ask if Sean could borrow the uniform. It was hard, but I managed. I was talking about not asking the question, not my dick, which I will not confirm nor deny the hardness of.

Robert turned from Smith and his father to Ethan's parents and said, "Now, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh, I hope you'll allow Ethan to continue here. I can personally vouch for Ethan's group of friends. They are all mature, responsible people. They're not partiers or trouble makers. The majority of them are in honors classes. He's with a good group of people who will look out for him and encourage him. I've noticed a major boost to his self-esteem since the beginning of this school year." I didn't hear the rest of what he said because he closed his office door and spoke with them for about five minutes. 

When the door opened again, Ethan's parents walked out. Ethan hopefully looked up to them and waited to hear what they had decided. His dad asked, "Do you really want to stay? Do you feel safe here?"

"Y-y-y-yes, I-I-I-I d-d-d-do. P-p-p-please," Ethan began nodding his head vigorously, too excited to speak without stumbling over every word.

"It's okay, son. I know what you're trying to ask," his dad interrupted with a slight smile on his face. He turned to me and said, "You must be TJ Kennedy. Ethan's told us a little about you. I hear you're partly responsible for my son joining the track team, along with Mike Hebert."

I scratched the back of my neck and shrugged. "I'm not sure how much I really had to do with it. I just suggested he meet Mike and they talk to the track coach." 

"Well, that was enough. Thank you. Yours and Sean McNair's friendship mean a lot to Ethan."

"It's no problem. He's easy to be friends with. Besides, I don't think anybody could resist him when he turns on the puppy-dog eyes. He has all of us wrapped around his finger. Especially Patrick. I mean, umm, it's hard for all of us to say no to him," I started backpedaling when I realized I might have just said too much. 
