 When I was 22, I had a date with the most beautiful and amazing girl in town. Her name was Julie, she was 21 and she was a goddess. She stood approximately 5’11, just a few inches shorter than my 6’1 frame. Her never-ending legs tapered into shapely hips and a Brittany Spears tummy. Her breast swelled and filled her tops leaving little to the imagination. To top off her awesome body was the face that made heads turn and got stares from both men and women alike. Her green eyes shone like emeralds and her auburn brown hair flowed down her back finishing off what can only be described as the perfect 10. 

I met Julie the night before at a friends going away bash. We seemed to hit it off, so I asked her out. She agreed but said it would have to be a double date with her twin brother James. I really liked her and hoped to be getting into her pants quickly, so I readily agreed. 

When I arrived at her house, she met me at the door and was more striking then I recalled. Seeing her left me breathless and made my cock stir. She invited me in and told me we were waiting on her brother who lived in the upstairs portion of the house while she lived in the downstairs section. She wore these very tight white cutoff shorts and a yellow tank top that stretched across her chest. I had to discreetly adjust myself several times.

She wandered off into the kitchen after calling for her brother to haul his ass. I sat on the sofa hoping to hide my growing discomfort. Before long I heard a noise at the top of stairs. I looked up and the room seemed to spin. All of a sudden everything seemed to be in slow motion as the most exquisite man I’ve ever seen descended the stairs. 

Now I know male and female twins can’t be identical, but James was as equally beautiful as his sister, just a little rougher around the edges, which screamed masculinity. He wore jeans that encompassed every aspect of his body. I could see the muscles of his thighs ripple with each stair as he descended. He wore a blue tank top that accentuated his biceps. His green eyes were identical to Julie’s and he also had long, auburn brown hair, which he let hang free around his very broad shoulders.

I had never noticed another guy in such detail before, as far as I was concerned, I was one hundred percent straight. I never even looked at other guys in the shower at the gym, but here I found myself staring with my mouth wide open as he approached me. His perfect lips parted to show pearly white teeth as reached out his hand to shake mine.

“You must be Ken? I’m James, Julie’s twin brother.” His voice was the perfect pitch. Soft, but definitely male.

I could barely breathe. Here in front of me of was the perfect male specimen. I stood up and shook his hand. “Hey.” I was so awestruck I couldn’t even form two word sentences. He grasped my hand in his and I hoped he didn’t notice the sweat.

“Look man, I hope you don’t mind, but my date had to cancel. I really don’t want to stay in tonight, so I thought I’d go along to the movies with you and my sister.”

“No, that’s, that’s fine.” I stammered. “It’s not, not a problem.”

I couldn’t believe how I was acting in front of him. I only hoped that he didn’t tell Julie that I was a pussy. I cleared my throat and tried to make my voice sound deeper. “I hear this flick is suppose to be a great date movie, too bad your date couldn’t make it.”

“Well, to be perfectly honest, I’m glad he couldn’t come.” James gave me a wink and a toothy grin.

I was startled by this revelation, but my thoughts were interrupted as Julie entered the room. “Finally, boy James you’re worse than women when it comes to getting ready. I was ready to send the Fire Department in after you.” Julie punched her brother in arm.

“Aw man, I came down to soon then.” James laughed.

Seeing the two next to each other made everything seem surreal. I mean I knew with the two of them in tow we would definitely turn heads. I myself am not a bad looking guy. At 6’1 and 180 lbs, I am very fit. I know my muscles are all in the right places because I worked very hard to get them there. I have blue eyes. My last girlfriend once said she could drown in my eyes. I guess that means they are very blue. Where the twins have dark hair, mine is light, sort of a sandy blond color. I too wear my hair on the long side. Tonight I had pulled back into a ponytail.

“Let’s get a move on, I hate to miss the previews”, Julie said.

We hopped into my Jeep and I drove to the Cineplex downtown. James was nice enough to buy all of our tickets, so I sprung for refreshments. The movie we were seeing had only been out for a couple of weeks and it received great reviews. I was surprised at how empty the theatre was. Other than us, there were only about a dozen or so other people settled in to watch the show. 

We found seats near the back of the theater. James and Julie sat on either side of me. Fifteen minutes into the show, I felt Julie take hold of my right hand. She placed it on her bare thigh and I stroked the silky skin beneath my palm. I instantly sprang an erection. She purred in my ear and stuck her tongue out to lick my lobe. I turned in my seat so that I could catch her tongue in my mouth.

We were in the middle of some serious necking when I felt a hand cup my balls. I spread my legs for better access. My invitation was accepted and the hand undid the buttons on my button fly jeans. It reached in and took hold of me. It was very hot, and I felt a fire growing within me. I moaned into Julie’s mouth, my fingers creeping towards the heat coming from between her legs. Suddenly she pulled away and excused herself to lady’s room.

I groaned as she walked away, but was immediately pulled back to the fact that a hand was still wrapped around my cock, stroking me. I looked down and followed the hand buried in my pants up to the sinewy arm until I was eye to eye with James. He flashed me another one of those heart-stopping smiles before lowering his head and engulfing my cock in his mouth.

I thought I would die. I was completely consumed by fire. I didn’t even try to pull away. My hand immediately went to the back of his head and I entangled my fingers in his hair while holding him to my cock. His head bobbed up and down and my hips moved in tune to him. I was excited and scared at the same time. I couldn’t believe a guy was blowing me. I was afraid Julie might come back and see what was happening. I was wondering what else James could do for me.

James mouth sent sensations that I had never felt before racing through my body. He was an excellent cocksucker. I could hear my breathing increase and my heart thump louder than ever. I wondered if the others in the theatre could hear the pounding in my chest. All of sudden, I felt as if I was struck by a bolt of lightning as I unloaded into James’ mouth. He never let go of my cock and swallowed all of my spunk, sucking me dry.

He sat back in his seat and smiled at me. Before I could say anything, he leaned over and kissed me, letting me taste my own juices. I returned the kiss, my tongue battling with his. I wanted more of him and I returned the kiss with a feverish urgency that I had never known. He broke the kiss just as Julie made her way back to her seat. I was stunned. In the few minutes that she was away, I had made out and had been blown by her twin brother. My mind was spinning. I slowly put myself back in my pants and re-buttoned my fly. She cuddled up next to me and rested her hand on my chest. I wondered if she could feel how fast my heart was racing. I glanced at James; he was watching the movie as if nothing had happened. 

I looked back to Julie and she slipped her tongue in mouth. Did she taste my cum? She moaned deeper into my mouth and I returned the kiss. I felt a caress on my fingers, so turned my hand over and accepted the hand that clasped it, lacing our fingers. It was a strong hand.

Suddenly, I was cold as I realized that here I was with Julie, frenching the most beautiful girl in the world, and although I was aroused, my mind was picturing her brother. I let go of James’ hand and pulled Julie closer to me. I tried to kiss her back with as much passion as she was showing toward me. But with each passing moment I was growing colder. I couldn’t believe this was happening. The face imprinted on my mind belonged to James, not Julie. 

I pulled away from Julie, searching her face, looking for that spark that would re-ignite the fire I very recently had for her. My eyes traveled down her face, taking in her pouty lips before moving on to her breast, heaving with every breath she took. My gaze fell to her waist and down to those long slender legs. My cock gave a final retreating twitch and I knew what I had to do.

I took Julie’s face in my hands and brushed my lips across hers. “Sorry.” I whispered. I turned from Julie toward James who had been pretending to be watching the movie. I leaned towards him and placed my lips against his. He needed no further invitation and pulled me into a kiss to champion all kisses. 

I melted into him. My hands thread their way through his long silky hair. I was lost in wonderland. His tongue felt perfect against my own. His face was covered with light stubble that I had not seen before, but created new sensations when rubbed against my own face. I have no idea how long we kissed, but when we broke away, I was practically sitting in his lap. 

I turned back toward Julie, expecting to feel the sting of her palm connecting with my cheek. Instead, she wore a peculiar grin. “I would have never guessed it,” she said. “I really thought you were more my type than James’. Oh well, you win some you lose some. As long as you make him happy, then I am happy.”

I was floored by her little speech. She wasn’t mad at all. I was speechless and just sat there with my mouth open staring at the two of them. “I’ve got something that would just love to go there,” James said. He placed his index finger in my mouth and I clamped down on it, lolling my tongue around, sucking and enjoying the feeling of having something hard in my mouth. He pulled his finger free and took my hand while standing up. “Let’s get out here.”

Julie climbed into the driver’s seat of my Jeep and I crawled into the back with James. He wrapped his arms around me and I rested my head on his shoulder, closing my eyes. I inhaled his scent as we drove along. My cock strained against my jeans, throbbing with every heartbeat. With every breath I took, I wanted more of him. I was scared of the unknown. I did not know what was about to happen, but I wanted whatever it was, to happen all the same.

Julie pulled my Jeep into their driveway and we all exited the car and went inside. Julie said goodnight and disappeared into a room at the far end of the hall. James took my hands into his. I was visibly shaking.

He kissed my palms and without saying a word, led me up the stairs and down a long corridor. The room we entered was massive. There was a four-poster, King size bed with black satin sheets in the middle of the room. The floor-to-ceiling windows were draped with red velvet cloth. His room was equipped with state-of-the-art entertainment systems. A 42” wall-mount HDTV television took center stage on one wall. Another wall held his stereo system as well as several hundred CDs and DVDs. Surround-sound wireless speakers were built into the walls themselves. This was my dream room.

At some point during my admiration of his belongings, he had sprawled across the bed and lay there watching me, stroking his cock through his jeans. Mesmerized, I crossed the room and climbed onto the bed with him. He leaned back as I fell into him and we once again resumed our kiss. 

My hands roamed freely all over his body. I wanted to touch every inch of him. He flipped me over so that he was on top and began undoing the buttons on my shirt. I reached up to help him out of his tank top. His chest was more perfect then I could ever imagine. His brown nipples stood out like little darts, so I took one into my mouth and bit down on it. He let out of low groan as his knees gave away and he collapsed onto my body. 

I was glad to see that I could give him pleasure, so I gave his other nipple a quick tug with my teeth. He pulled himself so that he was eye-to-eye with me. “Oh baby, my nips are so on fire right now. I love the feel of your teeth. Now its my turn to taste you.”

He scooted towards the edge of the bed, tugging my jeans over my hips and drawing them down my legs until they lay crumpled on the floor. Next he grabbed my underwear and slowly pulled them off me. I lifted my hips to help the process. Now I lay there nearly naked, my unbuttoned shirt my only clothing. 

I looked into his eyes and became hypnotized by their beauty. He flashed me his perfect smile before engulfing me in one swoop. I moaned loudly as electricity shocked every nerve ending in my body. My back arched high off the bed. His tongue felt wonderful as he licked my shaft, dropping his head to suck first one and then the other of my balls into his mouth. He moved back toward my cock and sucked on my swollen head before deep throating me. The pleasure that coursed through me was more than I thought I could bear as my breathing became erratic. Just as I reached the point where I was about to come, he stopped.

James stood up, slowly and seductively, unzipped his jeans and wiggled his tight ass out of them. He wore no underwear beneath them. His body was magnificent. His cock was about 8” long and very thick. There was no hair anywhere on his body. I reached out with my hand to cup his silky feeling balls. It was the first time I had touched another man. I didn’t think it possible, but my cock got harder with the feel of him.

He slid back onto the bed next me. I continued to stroke him, eager to memorize the feel of him. Suddenly I realized I wanted to taste him. I shifted so that he was on his back and I was on top. I slithered down his hard body, leaving a trail of kisses along the way. When I reached my prize, I didn’t dive right in. Instead I gently blew on his balls and then took one into my mouth.

His skin tasted salty, but I fell in love with it immediately. The texture of his balls seemed so different than my own. I slurped and slurped before letting them go with a resounding pop. I then turned my attention to his perfect tool. It stood straight up, at attention, it bulbous purple heading looked like it was ready to burst. It looked angry and inviting. I stuck out my tongue and touched it to his piss slit, which was drooling with precum. His precum tasted like citrus. I took another stab tasting more of him. I kept licking at his precum until I noticed James squirming, his hand clenching and unclenching.

I knew this was my moment of truth. I closed my eyes and positioned my mouth over the tip of his cock. I slowly descended my head until I felt him hit the back of throat, at that moment I swallowed and he went deeper. My nose was touching his pelvic region. I withdrew and descended again. Once again when I felt him hit the back of my throat, I swallowed and he went deeper. I kept this up going faster until faster until he grabbed the back of my head and began thrusting his hips, fucking my mouth.

I was excited and wanted him to cum in my mouth. I wet my finger with the saliva that was accumulating on his ball sack. I then inched my way to his love hole. When I felt the puckered entrance, I quickly slid my finger inside before I could back out. James’ moans became more intense and I realized he was mumbling.

“Oh yeah, fucker. Fuck yeah; oh I love your finger inside me. Your mouth is fucking hot. Oh yeah.” 

His dirty talk put me over the edge. I jammed two fingers into him and worked them back and forth at an insane speed. My own cock was spewing precum like a fountain of water. I knew that without being touched I was going to come soon. I could feel James’ balls tighten and knew he was about to blow his load as well. I jammed a third finger inside him and rubbed his prostrate.

“Oh god, oh fuck, fuck, fuck.” He kept repeating.

All of a sudden he erupted in mouth. It felt like a gallon of semen was coating my throat. I wanted to taste him so I pulled away and stuck out my tongue. Several drops hit me in the face, but a few landed where I wanted them. I closed my mouth and savored the taste. I wanted more, so I took his cock back into my mouth and sucked on his piss slit. I put my tongue inside, trying to find more of him. 

Eventually, my quest must have become too painful, because he pulled away laughing.

“Just give me a few minutes, I’m sure I can muster of more for you.”

It was at this moment, that I realized my chest and legs were sticky. My own orgasm had become lost in my lust to seek out more of his cum. I gave him an embarrassed grin. Amazed at how I quickly I had become an avid cocksucker. I crawled up next to him and lay back on the pillows. He was still catching his breath.

Finally, he turned towards me. “That was absolutely amazing.”

I couldn’t help but smile brightly at the compliment. This god thought I was amazing. I knew I would do whatever he asked of me.

“I want to fuck you in the ass,” he said. 

I caught my breath, and my skin broke out in Goosebumps. Without a word, I rolled over and presented my ass to him. I was his for taking.