 The next morning Mr. Castle had a car pick Nicky up at his apartment and drive him to the tanning salon in Beverly Hills. When he arrived, he walked up to the front desk where a very attractive older woman with brunette hair in a ponytail and big tits was sitting. 

"Hi, my name's Nicky," he said. "Mr. Castle sent me here." 

"Ah, yes," she said with a slight Southern draw as she clicked away on her computer. "You're getting the Pornstar Package." 

"P-Pornstar Package?" Nicky asked, a little confused. 

"Yep, Mr. Castle gives all of his clients, male and female, the Pornstar Package."

"What is it?"

"It's your basic Brazilian bikini wax, an hour in the bed to give your skin a nice bronze look, a deep tissue massage by one of our specialists, and full body cleanse; in other words, an enema."

"Oh, okay," Nicky replied nervously. 

"Don't worry, honey," she said, leading him to an elevator. "It ain't as bad as it sounds."

Over the next three hours Nicky received the Pornstar Package. The bikini wax definitely hurt, but afterwards he couldn't deny that it made him feel clean and tidy not having hair down there. Next was the enema. It felt extremely weird having cool liquid squirted up his asshole, but it didn't feel nearly as weird as when it came out. Finally, he was given a massage and laid down for an hour in the tanning bed. 

After Nicky left the spa, he immediately got a call on his cell from Mr. Castle. 

"How was the tanning salon?" the agent asked. 

"Um, it was good," Nicky ackwardly replied, still feeling a little strange from the enema. 

"Awesome, hey, I wanted to tell you, I showed Tony Valentino some of the footage from our rehearsal."

"Oh, uh, I really wish you hadn't done that, Mr. Castle," Nicky responded. "It's a little embarrassing."

"Nonsense, he totally flipped. He can't wait to meet you and he wants a private audition with you tonight at my party. Would you be up for it?"

"Uh, yeah, sure thing, Mr. Castle."

"Valentino really went for the sex scene we practiced. He has some ideas on how to make it better and wants to rehearse it with you tonight. Of course, you'll be playing the role of Roxy once again. I hope that's okay with you."

"Uh, yeah, I guess so," Nicky replied, a little unsure of playing the role of a girl again.

"Awesome, Tony Valentino is one of the most powerful film executives in Hollywood. If you play your cards right tonight, we might even be able to get a long-term deal with his studio. That means you'll get first dibs on roles for the big blockbusters." 

"Wow, that would be great."

"This is a once in a lifetime opportunity, Nicky, so I want you to go all out in your audition. I'm having some lingerie sent over to your apartment along with your suit for the audition."

"L-Lingerie?"

"Yeah, for your audition as Roxy. Just wear it under your suit. That way you'll be ready to go when Valentino wants to see you."

"Yeah, s-sure thing, that makes sense."

"Wonderful, I'll see you tonight," Mr. Castle said hanging up the phone. 

Nicky arrived home a little late that evening. Crystal had already gotten off work at the diner and was home to greet him. 

"Wow," Crystal said at the sight of Nicky's newly-bronzed skin. "They really went all out."

"Do you like it?" Nicky asked. 

"It's kinda weird. I guess it'll have to grow on me." 

Nicky's head sunk. It seemed as if every step forward he made with his acting career was a step backwards with his relationship with Crystal. 

"By the way, this came for you today," Crystal said, handing Nicky a large box.

"Oh, okay, thanks," he said nervously as he took the package. 

"What is it?"

"Uh, just my suit for tonight. Mr. Castle wanted me to look my best for the Hollywood executives."

"This is getting a really weird, Nicky. Now Mr. Castle is telling you how to dress?"

"It's no big deal, babe. He's a good guy and he knows the business." 

"Just be careful, Nicky. I don't trust him."

"I will, babe."

He didn't want Crystal knowing that he would be wearing women's lingerie under his suit later that night, so he went into the bathroom to change. Once inside, he emptied the contents of the box. On top was a black Armani suit with a white dress shirt. Beneath that was his other outfit: a lacey black thong, knee-high black stockings, a black garter belt, and leopard-print mini dress with spaghetti straps. 

Light pink bra and t-back g-string; white thigh-high stockings 

Nicky stared at the box's contents for a few minutes. He was nervous. The outfit would have been provocative even for a woman to wear let alone a man. He decided that it would all be for the best. He told himself that soon he'd have a successful acting career and would own a mansion, a sports car, and a swimming pool. He could give Crystal anything and everything she wanted. 

With those positive thoughts in mind he removed his clothes and took the stockings in his hands. He slid them up his smooth hairless legs until they settled in the middle of his milky white thighs. Next he pulled the skimpy black thong up his legs until it was wedged snuggly between his shapely butt cheeks. Finally, he attached the garter to the stockings and threw on the leopard-print mini dress, which fell to just below his ass. 

Nicky's dick wasn't that big to begin with, but the skimpy underwear still barely covered him. 

When he was finished, he looked at himself in the mirror. He thought he actually looked kind of hot dressed up like this. The feeling of the soft feminine material against his smooth skin made him feel sexy in a liberated sort of way, as if a new side of himself was beginning to blossom. He was a little disappointed when he had to cover the outfit with the suit. 

Later that night Nicky and Crystal drove their beat-up Honda Civic to the Hills. Nicky pulled the car up to the front of the house and handed the keys to the parking attendant who rolled his eyes and gave the pair an annoyed look. 

The two then made their way to the front door. 

When they arrived in the large ballroom of the mansion they were overwhelmed by the number of people in attendance. All manner of actors, models, businessmen, and movie executives were present, each with drinks in their hands. Nicky recognized a few of them, but Crystal was completely out of her element and felt out of place among Hollywood socialites. 

"Nicky, my boy!" Mr. Castle yelled from across the room.

Nicky and Crystal turned to see Mr. Castle walking towards them. He was wearing a grey Armani suit with a purple shirt and had a tumbler of Scotch in his left hand. 

"Hey, Mr. Castle," Nicky said. "This is my girlfriend, Crystal." 

"Welcome, it's a pleasure to meet you," Mr. Castle said, shaking Crystal's hand. "Now, Nicky, there's someone I'd like you to meet." 

He led the couple over to a group of people near the staircase. 

"Nicky, I'd like to introduce you to Tony Valentino," Mr. Castle said, turning to a large man. "He's one of the best film executives in the business. Tony, this is the young man I was telling you about."

The man looked a little sleazy to Nicky and Crystal. He was fat, his white shirt and dress paints stretched to the limit at the waist by his corpulent potbelly. His head was balding which he tried his best to hide with the few remaining strands of greasy grey hairs that were combed over. He was sweating profusely, beads of sweat dripping from his head down his low-hanging jowls and saggy neck fat. 

"Nice to finally meet you, Nicky," Mr. Valentino said in a thick gravelly Italian accent. "I've heard a lot about you."

"It's an incredible honor to meet you, Mr. Valentino," Nicky said, shaking the man's hand. "This is my girlfriend, Crystal."

Mr. Valentino nodded briefly at the girl before putting his lips next to Nicky's ear and whispering, "Mark speaks very highly of you. I'm interested in seeing what you can do as soon as possible. Would you mind giving me an impromptu audition right now?"

Nicky glanced over at Mr. Castle who gave him a wink.

"Uh, sure, I can do that," Nicky said.

"Excellent," Mr. Valentino replied. "Mark, do you have a room we can borrow?"

"You can take the guest bedroom upstairs. You know the one, Tony."

"Indeed. Shall we?"

"I'll be right back, babe," Nicky said, turning to Crystal. "This shouldn't take too long."

"Good luck, sweetheart," Crystal said, giving her boyfriend a peck on the cheek. "I know you'll do great."

Mr. Valentino placed his hand on the young man's shoulder and led Nicky up the large marble staircase to the second floor. When they reached the landing, they turned right and walked down to the end of a long hallway until they came to a door. The older man opened it and they both walked in. 

The room was sparsely decorated. An enormous floor-to-ceiling mirror covered the entire far side wall, a large red leather couch occupied the near side, and a bed in the corner. A few studio lights were set up in the center of the space and several oddly-shaped chairs were scattered throughout the room.

"Mark uses this room for interviews and auditions," Mr. Valentino explained. "You never know who's going to show up at these parties."

There was a full bar in the corner of the room next to the red leather couch. Mr. Valentino grabbed a bottle of Scotch and two glasses and walked back over to Nicky. 

"Mark always gets the good stuff," Mr. Valentino said pouring two healthy tumblers of whiskey before handing one to Nicky. 

"To new beginnings," Mr. Valentino said, toasting his glass.

"To new beginnings," Nicky repeated, clinking the rim of his glass against the man's.

Nicky brought the glass to his lips and took a little sip. But before he could bring the glass down, Mr. Valentino placed his hand against the bottom of the glass and pushed it upward, forcing Nicky to continue drinking.

"That's it, drink it all," Mr. Valentino said. "Good Scotch is meant to be taken whole."

Not having much of a choice, Nicky closed his eyes and chugged the bitter brown liquid down as fast as he could - "Mllgg...Mllgg...Mllgg" - until he drained the entire contents of the glass.

"That's it," Mr. Valentino said. "Good boy."

Nicky handed the glass to Mr. Valentino and the older man refilled the glasses. 

"Mark tells me you are very talented," Mr. Valentino said, taking a sip from his tumbler. "And that you are willing to do whatever it takes to make it big here in Hollywood."

"Yes, I've always dreamed about becoming an actor, ever since I was a little kid," Nicky said.

"I would be happy to make that dream become a reality," Mr. Valentino said, handing Nicky another glass of whiskey and ushering the younger man to sit down on the red leather coach. "Would you like that?" 

"Yes, I...I'd like that very much, Mr. Valentino," Nicky replied, taking the glass. 

"I want you to know, Nicky, that I hold Mark Castle in the highest regard," the man said, sitting down beside Nicky and lighting a fresh cigar. "It would be wise for you to follow his every instruction."

"I will, Mr. Valentino."

"Smart boy. Now, Mark showed me some footage from the audition he had you do yesterday."

"Oh...he showed you that?" Nicky asked, still embarrassed that someone else had seen the footage. 

"Don't be embarrassed, Nicky," the man assured him. "I must say, I was very impressed. You have a natural talent for acting."

"Thank you, Mr. Valentino. That means so much coming from you."

"You see, Nicky, I helped develop the training method that Mark now employs, the one he put you through the other day."

"Oh, I didn't know that."

"Yes, before I became a Hollywood executive, I served as a talent scout for several smaller production studios. During that time, I conceived a new training method that would force young, inexperienced actors and actresses out of their comfort zone."

"Yeah, it was definitely out of my comfort zone," Nicky chimed in.

"Yes, that's the point, Nicky. Now, if you don't mind, I'd enjoy seeing you perform in person. I had Mark send an outfit for you. Are you wearing it?"

"Uh, yeah, it's, uh, under my suit."

"Wonderful, my dear boy. I'm very eager to see it."

"Um, is there a bathroom I can..."

"Go on, don't be shy," the older man said, cutting him off. "I've been looking forward to this ever since I saw your rehearsal footage."

Nicky nervously began removing his suit. First, he slipped his shoes off. Next, he took off his coat and then unbuttoned his shirt, revealing the leopard-print dress beneath.

Soft pink bra beneath

"Mmm, very nice, my boy," Mr. Valentino said in approval. "Now, for the rest."

Nicky unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants. He was nervous about fully revealing his outfit to an older man he had only just met, but he realized that he was at the point of no return. Slowly, he pulled his pants down and stepped out of them. 

He was now standing before Mr. Valentino dressed in a slutty dress and thigh-high stockings with a lacey black thong and garter underneath. He felt very exposed. He felt more embarrassed to be dressed like that in front of an older man than he would if he had been completely naked. 

"My, my, my, you look even better in person," Mr. Valentino said in approval, licking his lips and lecherously staring at the teenager's smooth slender body. "You are absolutely stunning." 

"I, um...," Nicky stuttered, casting his eyes to the floor to hide his embarrassment. "T-Thanks."

"Would you mind doing a slow spin for me?"

Nicky did as he was told.

"Mmm, such a wonderful body, so much like a girl's. Would you please bend over a little?"

"B-Bend over?"

"Sure, I want to get a look at you," Mr. Valentino assured him. "To, you know, get a sense of what you can do on camera."

"Uh, okay, yeah, that makes sense," Nicky said, trying to rationalize the producer's requests.

Nicky bent over slightly, arching his back a little so that his perky bubble butt popped out. He felt the hem of his dress hike up a little, revealing the bottom of his ass cheeks. 

"My, my," he heard Mr. Valentino say behind him. "You look fantastic, Nicky. We might just end up giving you the role of Roxy in the actual film."

"B-But I'm a guy," Nicky said, standing up and returning to face the older man.

"No one would ever know from behind," the man snickered. "Besides, you have such a beautiful face. I'm sure you could pass for a girl."

Nicky blushed at the statement. 

"A-Are we going to...d-do the rehearsal?" the young man asked, hoping to move things along.

"Why are you in such a hurry, my dear boy?"

"I'm, uh, just a little nervous."

"Why don't you come over here and sit by me?" Mr. Valentino said, patting the space next to him on the leather coach. 

Nicky walked over to the couch and sat down next to the older man, making sure to allow a few inches of space between them. It was awkward enough that he was dressed in women's underwear and talking to a potential future employer. 

"You seem very tense," the man said, reaching his arm around Nicky and placing his plump sweaty hand against the younger man's bare shoulder. 

"I-I just hope...," Nicky stuttered. "I just hope I don't disappoint you."

"Nonsense," Mr. Valentino said, placing his free hand against the younger man's stocking-covered thigh. "Let's just get to know each other a little before we start." 

Downstairs at the party Crystal was at the punch bowl pouring herself another drink. A group of slutty-looking girls were standing near her, talking and laughing loudly. One of the girls, a blonde in a sparkly black mini-dress and sexy red heels approached her. 

"Hey, I've never seen you around here before," the girl said in a valley girl accent. "What's your name, honey?"

"Uh, Crystal."

"Nice to meet you, I'm Heather; Heather Holloway." 

The name didn't register for Crystal. 

"Say, are you an actress?" Heather asked. 

"No, I'm here with my boyfriend, Nicky," Crystal explained. "He's an actor. He's upstairs auditioning with Tony Valentino."

"Uh oh, girls, looks like Tony's got another one," Heather said, turning to the cohort of girls behind her. 

The other girls giggled.

"Wait, what are you talking about?" Crystal asked, a little annoyed by how rude they were being.

"Sorry, darling, I thought you knew," Heather replied, sensing the young girl's frustration.

"Knew what?"

"Tony's got a thing for younger guys." 

Crystal's eyes grew wide in shock.

"No, uh, N-Nicky's not gay."

"Doesn't matter, honey," Heather said. "Tony loves getting straight guys to do things for him."

"I, uh..."

"I hate to say it," Heather continued. "But Tony's probably balls deep in your boyfriend right about now."

"Yeah, and Tony's not smaller either," a tan brunette bimbo chimed in. "Your poor boyfriend, he probably won't be able to walk for a week."

The rest of the girls snickered.

Crystal felt nausea begin to overtake her. 

"I-I don't believe you," she said to the group of snickering party girls.

"There's a peephole up in the second-floor bathroom," Heather replied. "It's right next to the room where Tony likes to take his boys. We'll show you and you can see for yourself."

"Come on girls," the brunette said to the others. 

Having no other choice, Crystal followed the group of girls up the ornate marble staircase. 

Back upstairs Mr. Valentino had his hands all over the young man. His sweaty palms roamed freely over the teenager's naked shoulders and thighs. Nicky shuddered at the older man's touch. He had never been touched like that before in his life, not by Crystal or any of his previous girlfriends. It didn't actually feel all that bad. He didn't know why, but he felt his little dick start to harden in the G-string he was wearing. 

Finally, Mr. Valentino moved his left hand down until it settled on Nicky's hip. 

"Where are you from, my dear boy?" the man asked. 

"Uh, a small town in Indiana," Nicky answered. "This is my first time in a big city."

"How fortunate for you," Mr. Valentino whispered in Nicky's ear. "You are so young and full of life. You should embrace every experience that comes your way in L.A. Indulge and enjoy."

Nicky's senses were immediately assaulted by the repugnant smell eking out of the older man's mouth. It smelled like a mixture of caviar and stale tobacco. 

Mr. Valentino placed the tip of the cigar against Nicky's lips and said, "Here, take a puff."

Not having much of a choice, Nicky obeyed and took a small puff on the cigar, trying his best not to cough as he exhaled the bitter charcoal-colored smoke.

"You've just inhaled one of the finest Cuban cigars," the man informed him. "What do you think?"

"Um, it's nice," Nicky replied, still trying to keep from coughing. 

"It's a symbol of power, my young friend." 

Nicky was getting more and more intimidated by the older Italian man's commanding presence. The older man was unlike anyone he had ever met. Mr. Valentino was rich, powerful, confident, charming, and cosmopolitan with fashionable tastes. 

"Listen, I like you, Nicky. You seem like a good kid," Mr. Valentino said. "So, I'd like to offer you an exclusive contract with my production studio."

"Really?" Nicky asked, turning his head to face the man. "I mean, I haven't even auditioned for you yet."

"I know potential when I see it," Mr. Valentino replied, adjusting his coat. 

"Well, thanks...it's just that..."

"Nicky, I'm offering you the chance of a lifetime, wealth, fame, women, anything your heart desires. I can make all of your wildest dreams come true."

"I'd like that. I'd like that very much."

"It can all be yours," the man whispered. 

Nicky's eyes beamed with happiness. He had finally made it.

"But first," Mr. Valentino continued. "I'd like a little something from you."
