 It was nearly 3:00 PM on a Wednesday. The year was 2003. The place was Los Angeles. The city of angels. The city of dreams. The city of sin.

Nicky Robinson stood outside of the tall downtown skyscraper. He was eighteen years old and he looked it. In fact, he looked very young for his age. His face was smooth and boyish and his sandy blonde hair only added to his adolescent appearance. He had hit puberty late, so his body was still soft and skinny with almost no hair.

Nicky and his girlfriend Crystal had moved to L.A. three months ago, so Nicky could pursue his dream of becoming an actor. They had both just graduated from high school and had never lived in a big city before. The move had been hard on both of them. While Nicky struggled to find acting jobs, Crystal was forced to support them by working as a diner waitress, an unfair situation that put a strain on their relationship. 

Nicky felt his cell phone buzz in his pocket.

"Hello?" he answered.

"Hey, babe, it's just me," Crystal said over the line. "I wanted to wish you good luck today with you interview. I know you'll do great."

"Thanks, babe, I have a really good feeling about this one."

"I hope so. We're really strapped for cash right now. I don't know if we can make rent much longer."

"I know, and I promise, if this doesn't work out, I'll find something part time."

"Okay, I'll see you later. I love you."

"I love you too."

Nicky closed his phone and whispered, "Here goes nothing."

He walked into the large building and took the elevator to the 13th floor. There he met a young well-dressed secretary with brunette at the front desk and told her that he was there to meet with Mr. Castle. The secretary nodded and led Nicky up an elevator and then down a brightly-lit hallway to the corner of the building. They came to a door that had a placard with the name "Mark A. Castle" on it.

She opened it and said, "Mr. Castle, your 3 PM's here to see you."

"Send him in," Nicky heard a manly voice say.

The secretary opened the door wider and Nicky walked through it. Sitting at a large walnut desk was a handsome middle-aged man with a dark goatee and shiny slicked back hair. He had a muscular build and dark tan skin and was wearing black pants, a white shirt, and a red tie. Nicky noticed a silver chain-like bracelet on his wrist and several gold rings on his fingers. 

"Good afternoon, you must be Nicholas," the man said, standing up to shake the teenager's hand. 

"Nice to meet you," the young man replied. "Everyone calls me 'Nicky.'"

"Nicky, I like that. Have a seat."

The two sat down in their respective chairs. Mr. Castle lit a cigarette and offered one to Nicky, but the young man declined. 

"Looking over your resume I see that you're currently unemployed," Mr. Castle said, flipping through some papers on his desk.

"Yeah, I just moved here three months ago. I've been struggling to find some acting."

"I know the story. I started out as an actor myself, very hard industry to break into."

"I'm learning that."

"Are you seeing anyone at the moment? A girlfriend? Boyfriend?"

"Yeah, I have a girlfriend. We're thinking about getting married."

"Good, that's good to hear, always good to have someone to go home too."

"It is. I-I just wish I could get some work."

Mr. Castle took a long drag on his cigarette before asking, "What would you be willing to do to make it in Hollywood?"

"Well, I guess I'd be willing to do just about anything," Nicky answered.

"Excellent, you have a wonderful attitude. I enjoy a boy with spirit."

Mr. Castle's voice possessed a silvery quality with a hint of smokiness. He spoke in a deliberate and matter-of-fact way, as if every sentence could make or break a business deal. Nicky found him to be very charming and charismatic.

"Now, there's a part in an up-coming movie that I think you'd be perfect for," the man continued. "Would you be interested?"

"Absolutely, Mr. Castle, I'd take just about anything right now."

"Great, the movie is called 'Beach Party Massacre.' It's a coming-of-age/horror story set during spring break, but the studio plans on marketing it as a teen romance movie to bring in the younger crowd. What do you think?"

"It sounds like a lot of fun." 

"I'd really like to take you on, but I'll need to see what you can do first. I'm going to schedule a private audition, just you and me, tomorrow afternoon. If things go well, you'll have yourself a first-class Hollywood agent. How does that sound?"

"That sounds great, Mr. Castle," the young man said, beaming with pride and accomplishment. "I really don't know what to say. This is one of the best things that has ever happened to me."

"I look forward to seeing what you're capable of," Mr. Castle said, handing the teenager a note with an address on it. "Oh, I almost forgot, this role may require some nudity on your part, so I'd like you to shave off all of your body hair for the audition. Are you comfortable with that?"

"Uh, sure thing, Mr. Castle, I can do that."

"Excellent, I'll see you tomorrow then."

Nicky used the last of his pocket change to take a cab back to his apartment. Crystal was still at work and wouldn't be home for a few hours, so he took the opportunity to take a long shower and shave off all of his body hair as Mr. Castle requested. When he finished his legs, chest, stomach, and ass were completely smooth. He even shaved his pubic hair into a nice clean "landing strip."

When Crystal got home Nicky told her the good news and she suggested they go out for dinner to celebrate. They chose a modest restaurant and had a nice time together. Nicky told her all about his interview with Mr. Castle and his upcoming private audition. Crystal was overjoyed, she was glad that her boyfriend would finally be sharing some of their financial burden.

They got home and got ready for bed. They hadn't had sex in weeks. Nicky hoped that the good news would be the spark that could reignite their relationship. He moved over to her and they started making out. Soon their bodies came together and Crystal noticed something she had never felt before.

"Did you, uh, shave your legs or something?" Crystal asked, a little weirded out by the sensation of her boyfriend's smooth hairless thighs rubbing up against her pussy.

"Uh, yeah, I did," Nicky admitted. "Mr. Castle said I should, you know, for the role."

"Um, that seems kinda weird but okay."

"Do you want to keep going?" Nicky asked, running his hand over her shapely bubble butt.

"Um, honestly, I'm kinda tired," Crystal responded, pushing his hand away. 

"Come on, babe, we're supposed to be celebrating."

"Tomorrow night. I promise."

She rolled over.

"I love you," Nicky said, struck by how much of an ice queen she was being on the night of his big break.

"Love you too," she said.

Nicky sensed that she didn't really mean it.

The next day Nicky borrowed some cash from Crystal and took a cab to the address Mr. Castle had given him. He soon arrived at a large warehouse-like building in downtown Hollywood. From the outside it didn't look like much and Nicky wondered if this was the right place. He paid the cabby and walked up to a plain metal door where a young busty blonde woman greeted him.

"Hello, my name's Nicky, I'm here to see Mr. Castle."

"Oh, right, come on in," she said in a cute bubbly voice. "My name's Julie."

She led Nicky into a large warehouse-like room divided by a maze of artificial walls.

"Nicky, my boy," Mr. Castle said, walking out of a makeshift office to meet him. "Welcome to my studio. I know it doesn't look like much, but I've trained and auditioned thousands of actors here."

He had on a handsome grey Armani suit with a silk purple shirt and black tie. 

"Hello, Mr. Castle," the young man said. 

"Julie, hold my calls for the next hour," Mr. Castle ordered.

"Can do, Mr. C.," Julie said before exiting the room. 

"Follow me, Nicky," Mr. Castle said leading the young man up a metal staircase to a second-floor room.

Inside, the room was painted bright white with a set decorated like a cheap motel room in the center. Large set lights illuminated the scene with cameras positioned at several angles.

"This is a rough set I had my guys rig up for auditions," Mr. Castle explained. "I have multiple cameras set up from several angles."

He walked over to a clothing rack at the far side of the room. He pulled out something small and pink and handed it to the teenager. 

"This is your costume for today," the man explained.

Nicky was shocked to find that the outfit he was holding was a skimpy pink bikini. 

"Uh, are you sure this is the right outfit?" Nicky asked, looking at the small pieces of pink fabric in his hands.

"Absolutely, you see, Nicky, I have a very unique method for training my clients," Mr. Castle explained. "I like to make them rehearse as other characters in the script. This way they can get a feel for the movie as a whole, see it from another perspective. Understand?" 

"Um, I'm just not sure I'm comfortable with..."

"If you don't think you're up to it, I can always find someone else."

Nicky thought about it. He really needed money. No, he was desperate for money. Although Mr. Castle's method seemed a little eccentric, it wasn't all that peculiar. The more he thought about it, making male actors perform female roles to get a better feel for a scene didn't sound all that strange.

"No, Mr. Castle, its okay," the young man said. "I'll do it."

"Good. Now, go get changed behind the dressing screen. I'll meet you back here in a few minutes."

Nicky took the bikini and walked behind the dressing screen. He took off his street clothes and slid the skimpy bikini bottom up his smoothly-shaven legs. It was a bit tight and gave him a wedgie, causing the bottom of his ass cheeks to peek out a little. Next he put on the top and did his best to tie the strings behind his back. He had never worn women's clothing before, so he felt really uncomfortable and a little embarrassed.

When he reappeared back on set he saw that Mr. Castle had changed into a wife-beater and a light blue Speedo. He couldn't help but stare, marveling at how masculine the older man looked. Tuffs of dark hair covered his broad muscular chest and his bulging biceps. A pair of thick thighs covered with wiry dark hair jettisoned out of the Speedo. Nicky couldn't help but notice an ample bulge in the front of Mr. Castle's Speedo. He felt a little intimidated. 

"Wow, your body really fills that bikini well," Mr. Castle remarked, eyeing the teenager's smooth young body.

"Uh, thanks, I guess," Nicky said, blushing at the compliment. 

Mr. Castle handed Nicky a script before proceeding to set the scene for the young actor.

"So, in this scene, you'll be playing Roxy," he explained. "She's a sex-crazed sorority girl, and I'll be playing the part of Brad, her boyfriend. Now, the scene we're going to read through takes place in our motel room just after you caught me ogling some girls at a wet t-shirt contest. We get into an argument and then you attempt to seduce me."

"Seduce you?" Nicky asked, hoping the man had misread the script.

"Yes, it's in the script. We'll just read through the lines and improvise the rest. Got it?"

"Uh, I think so."

"Good. And...action."

"Why are you giving me such a hard time, babe?" Mr. Castle said, imitating a douchey jock's voice.

Nicky proceeded to read his line in a flat monotone voice: "You were staring at those girls like you wanted to fuck them. What did you expect?"

"Cut," Mr. Castle said. "Nicky, you didn't even sound like a girl. I know you can do better than that. Let's do it again, from the top...Action."

"Why are you giving me such a hard time, babe?" Mr. Castle repeated.

"You were staring at those girls like you wanted to fuck them," Nicky said in a higher pitched voice, trying his best to sound more like a girl. "What did you expect?"

"Come on, babe, you know I'd never cheat on you."

"What about that time with Alexis?"

"That was just sex; it didn't mean anything."

Nicky crossed his arms in anger, just like the script told him to.

"You're the only one for me, babe," Mr. Castle's Brad continued. "You know I love you."

"I love you too..."

"Cut," Mr. Castle said. "What's wrong, Nicky? It feels like your holding back."

"Well, you're asking me to play a girl and I'm a guy," the young man protested.

"That's exactly why this method works," the agent explained. "You see, great actors are able to play any role that is required of them. You need to fully embrace the role, Nicky. Don't think so much, get lost in the performance. Try again."

Nicky took a deep breath.

"Okay, and...action."

Mr. Castle and Nicky read through the opening lines again, but this time Nicky was much more convincing as a sorority slut. 

"You're the only one for me, babe," Mr. Castle read Brad's line again. "You know I love you."

"I love you too you big doofus."

"I'm sorry I was staring at those girls, but we haven't boned since we got here. I'm blue ballin' over here."

"Mmm, I think I can help you with that." 

"Oh, I like where this is going."

"Um...," Nicky uttered, reading the next line.

"Nicky?" Mr. Castle asked.

"Uh, it says, 'Roxy gives Brad a blowjob.'"

"Cut," the older man said with a frustrated sigh. "So? What's the problem?"

"Well...it's just that..."

"Look, Nicky, it'll all be simulated. It's not like you're actually going to be blowing me."

"I know, it's just that...I've never done anything like this before."

"A good actor is able to channel their personal experiences into a role. I'm sure you get plenty of head at home from your girlfriend, am I right?"

"Uh, no, she's not really that kind of girl, if you know what I mean."

Nicky was a little ashamed when he said it, like he wasn't living up to the older man's expectations.

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," Mr. Castle said. "Well, I'm sure you've seen your fair share of pornos, though, right?"

"Well, yeah...of course."

"There, that's something you can use. Just try to imitate a blowjob scene from a porn video. Remember Nicky, being able to improvise on set is what separates good actors from great actors. Understand?"

"I understand."

"Now, in the movie, we'll use different camera angles to deceive the audience, but you'll still need to act like you're giving a blowjob, head bobbing, noises, the whole deal. Got it?"

"Uh, I think so."

"During this next take, I want you to take this more seriously, really get into the role, embrace the character, and behave the way you think she would, her movements, her inflections. Roxy's a sexy sorority girl, remember? She wouldn't be acting like a church nun the way you've been playing her." 

"I'll try my best, Mr. Castle."

"Okay, I need to make a phone call," the agent said looking at his watch. "Let's take five."

Mr. Castle left the set and Nicky paced around for a little, trying to get into the role. He tried to block out all distractions and free his mind. He tried to imagine that he was a slutty college girl, that he was sexually attracted to Mr. Castle, and that he wanted to give him a blowjob. 

"Ready for another take?" Mr. Castle said, returning to the set.

"Okay," Nicky whispered to himself, taking a deep breath. "Here goes."

"We'll take it from the top," Mr. Castle said. "And...action."

"Why are you giving me such a hard time, babe?" Brad said.

"You were staring at those girls like you wanted to fuck them," Nicky said as Roxy, playing the role of braindead sorority slut to perfection. "What did you expect?"

"Come on, babe, you know I'd never cheat on you."

"What about that time with Alexis?"

"That was just sex; it didn't mean anything."

Nicky crossed his arms in anger just like the last take, but this time he cocked his hip out to the side like an annoyed girl would.

"You're the only one for me, babe," Brad continued. "You know I love you."

"I love you too you big doofus."

"I'm sorry I was staring at those girls, but we haven't boned since we got here. I'm blue ballin' over here."

"Mmm, I think I can help you with that," Nicky said, walking over to his acting partner with a pop in his hips. 

"Oh, I like where this is going," Mr. Castle said, improvising the scene by pulling his wife-beater off.

Nicky was unexpectedly gifted with the sight of the middle-aged man's buff body. He was in perfect shape, his puffy pecs sat atop a rippling six-pack with curly dark tuffs of hair cascading down over his muscular torso. Mr. Castle was a hunky beefcake in the truest sense of the word. 

Nicky tried to keep his composure, trying his best to focus on the scene instead of the remarkable masculine specimen in front of him.

"Nicky?" Mr. Castle asked, sensing Nicky was getting distracted.

"Oh...I...uh...Does my poor boyfriend need some relief?" Nicky said, getting back into character. 

"God, you're such a tease, babe."

"Oh yeah?" Nicky said flirtatiously, letting his fingers run seductively across the older man's hairy muscular chest.

"Mmm," Mr. Castle grunted.

He didn't know why he did it, but Nicky leaned in and left a soft kiss on the man's hairy chest before slowly dropping to his knees. The impressive bulge hidden in Mr. Castle's Speedo was now right in front of him. He could easily make out the outline of a long hard shaft and two plump balls underneath. Several thick black pubic hairs had pierced the thin material and were sticking out. 

"Yes, ohh, yes," Mr. Castle moaned. "Suck my cock, babe."

Nicky pretended to pull down his "boyfriend's" Speedo. It felt weird being on his knees in front of a man who was over twice his age and that he had only just met yesterday. But there was something about it that felt right, even natural. He was so lost in the performance that he failed to notice his own prick gradually hardening in the bikini. 

Nicky brought his face to within an inch of Mr. Castle's sheathed crotch and pretended to take the tip of the cock into his mouth, making a sexy "mmm" sound for effect.

"Ohh...fuck yeah," Mr. Castle groaned.

"Mmm...Mmm...Mllgg...Mllgg." Nicky did his best to imitate the sounds of a blowjob, moaning pretending to gag a little, and smacking his tongue against the inside of his mouth to make a sloshy wet sound.

"Ooo...yeah," Mr. Castle groaned, acting as if he was getting a world-class blowjob. 

"Am I doing a good job?" Nicky asked, momentarily pausing to look up at the older man. 

"You're doing great, Nicky," Mr. Castle said, breaking character to praise his apprentice. "It looks and sounds just like the real thing. Too bad it isn't."

"What?" Nicky said, confused by the remark. 

"Never mind, keep going," Mr. Castle said, palming the young man's head with his hand and bringing it closer to his spandex-clad crotch.

"Mmm...Mllgg...Mllgg," Nicky resumed his blowjob imitation. 

"Ooo yeah...that's it...suck my cock...suck my cock, baby," Mr. Castle groaned. 

With his hand gently coaxing Nicky onward, Mr. Castle gradually began easing his hips forward, causing his sheathed cock to repeatedly bump up against Nicky's face. 

It felt strange having the man's clothed hard shaft rubbing up against his lips, nose, and cheeks, but Nicky pushed through the weirdness, continuing to act like he was a sorority girl giving a blowjob to her boyfriend. After a while he started making sluttier sounds, as if he was deepthroating, trying his best to imitate the porn he watched. 

"Mllgg...Gllgg...Gllgg...Gllck."

Mr. Castle's thrusting soon became more erratic. He started sliding the entire length of his sheathed cock up and down the young man's face. One time he rose on his tiptoes so that his spandex-covered balls rested against the teenager's forehead. Nicky was amazed by how heavy they felt on his face.
