 To our new Applicant—After You've applied

You're reading this introduction because you've self-identified yourself to us in writing, as a prospective Club cocksucker. We have furnished this writing so that you can ruminate on your prospects before your scheduled interview meeting. You need to understand that at your interview meeting this script will be followed very closely.

Our new member committee at the club formulated this instruction sheet to explain our point of view and where you might fit in our little club. It is actually, a transcript of our previous conversations with earlier prospective applicants. Please understand that all activities with our club members are voluntary and completely without coercion. We've found it very important that our submissive servants be comfortable with the who they are and what they want, (need?) that made them apply to serve alpha males.

As you read this begin to think of yourself as the "boy" being interviewed for at some point, very soon you'll have to decide if you're meant to be the full-service cocksucker that our members seek; we're a friendly group but we will not allow any half measures; the successful applicant must be eager to service his betters as a body-slave performing as he is ordered. Think carefully about your commitment as you consider becoming a club cocksucker for if you're accepted every member will become your owner; it's not a frivolous commitment, it must become your avocation. Be very aware that we have many more faggot applicants than we have slots for.

We've written this treatise in very plain, very explicit language so there will be no misunderstandings about what will be expected of you. It's written as a first-person account of how an Alpha member of our club interviews a candidate to our service. In the very near future you'll be the boy at an interview just like this. As homework you should also read and understand a story on the internet; it was written by a senior club member to help our new applicants fully understand their role. https://www.literotica.com/s/my-old-friend-ch-01 and 2

The interview writing has been structured as a kind of story to make it more interesting and readable for you the applicant. At your interview you'll be made comfortable, but it will also be mandatory for you to be naked; it's just our quick, efficient way of easing you into the role that you're seeking.

========================

"Hi Bobby, my name is Conrad and I'll be representing the "Club" today; you're to call me Sir. I always like to spend time with one of our prospective cocksuckers in a relaxed social setting where I can take my time explaining what we're looking for in a boy; the only way that's possible is to first get the boy to understand just where he fits into this new world hence your nakedness is a small first step. I want you to relax and think deeply about who and what you really are so just relax right now and listen. I can see you're a bit self-conscious about being the only one naked in the room, don't fret, that's normal for boys like you"

"I've done so much of this for the club that a script was developed that can be used by the other club members and then we found that a mailed-out advance copy helped the applicants in his final acceptance of their new role. We have many more candidates than we can accommodate; there certainly doesn't appear to be any shortage of cocksuckers around eh. There'll be no questions for you to respond to at this early stage so there's no need for you to tense up, just listen as I talk and think very, very carefully about what I describe."

"I've found that it works best when we can cajole a prospective suck-boy out of the comfort zone he's created around himself; you must admit that it's kind of like your little cocoon of privacy. In my case, I like to interview a boy in my comfortable family room with a nice porn video playing on the TV and a full-bodied red wine in his hand, that's why we're here."

"I'll bet you were expecting almost anything but a casual conversation with a friendly older man. This porn Video is a very explicit tale of a mature guy leading his young blow-buddy into more and more acts of submission. We'll watch it and enjoy a couple of wines. I have to say that by the second wine it's my bet that you'll be very relaxed and curious about where it's all going, just lean back and enjoy right now."

"How do you like the video; it's a pretty good representation of a boy's happy journey into servitude. At some point every straight guy on the planet wants something more than just a quick, random fuck. Cunt is great but the human condition eventually looks for the next best thing and that's oral service, I.E., a cocksucker. It's a fact that most women give a grudging, lousy blow job while a submissive guy is usually eager and skilled as a cocksucker. Of course, a suck-boy isn't at all enticing to a straight, alpha male while a women's curves are very enticing to him. I'm sure you know that straight guys like cunt, just think about all the money that's spent at strip clubs where guys go just for a glimpse of strange cunt. The only thing a male cocksucker can offer a straight guy is his complete, total dedication to cock worship; that's the one thing that's almost impossible to get from a female. Al the hetro guys really want is someone who will make their dick feel good. If you really think about it the only thing that a skilled cocksucker can really offer his straight, Alpha guy is his mouth and the skill is using like a cunt, a cunt with a tongue, eh."

"We should talk about terms a bit. The common thought is that being called a faggot or a cocksucker is extremely demeaning; we think that's wrong. The reality is that becoming a skilled cocksucker is a difficult skill to master and requires dedication worthy of a major league baseball player's effort as he learns how to excel at it. At our club we value cocksuckers as the artists they truly are. It's true, that Alpha males throughout history have enjoyed cocksuckers; there's nothing new here. Throughout history there are references to "comfort boys" and bum-boys in many written histories. Our club encourages its cocksuckers to be proud of their ability to please men; they are performing a valuable service, it's just that simple."

"When you come right down to it a blow job from a really happy, skilled cocksucker is one of the great sexual pleasures available to men. Just watching a well-trained boy servicing your cock is akin to seeing a painter slowly unfolding a portrait; it's a beautiful thing as he worships a man's cock using his lips and tongue as a painter uses his brushes. The worship is the real thing; a suck boy seeks out cock, there is no "well Ok, if I have to" from them. When you watch a cocksucker willingly gag and choke himself on a cock it's actually quite beautiful and very flattering."

"Cocksucking, is an art form that takes practice to excel at, not only to deepthroat but to sense what gives the man being serviced the maximum pleasure, to gauge how close he is to cumming and to back off a bit so that you can pleasure him further before he honors you with his load. In all this the man is in charge and the cocksucker simply complies with the real man's direction. If he grabs your ears and positions your mouth on his balls then you, the cocksucker, will just stick out your tongue and lick at what his owner presents to him whether it be an ass, cock, balls, feet or pits."

"That's why once you accept that you're a cocksucker, that your place is kneeling in front of a man's crotch and your personal sex life consists of pleasuring your alpha-male superiors with your mouth-pussy so that they decide to share their juices of manhood with you. It is so important to learn how to suck a man's cock properly. Why would a man use a lousy cocksucker, when better ones are available, hell then he might well have just stayed home with his wife?"

"The best way for a boy to learn is to find an alpha male who is willing to train and steadily stretch your limits until you can take whatever he wants to give you at his pace, everything is at the real man's pace and direction. Failing that, finding a good cocksucker who will teach you the art of cocksucking is next best. It goes without saying that the way you become a really good cocksucker is the same way a major league pitcher gets to Yankee stadium, practice, practice, practice."

"Consider that your mouth is not just a hole. You have lips, tongue, cheeks, teeth and of course a throat that you can learn to use to offer the highest oral pleasure possible to a guy's stiff throbbing cock, his manhood. The reality is that your mouth is just a face-cunt and you will realize that if your face-cunt is working at its best by the words of your owner, by his moaning, by the way he grabs your face, by the intensity of his plunges into your face-cunt. Your face-cunt must be trained to be a well of pleasure for the cock of your man and the willing receptacle for his spunk, piss and spit as he honors you with his manly essences you must receive them with pride."

"At the very moment you finally come to realize that your throat is the deepest part of your face-cunt you'll understand that you've become a trained cocksucker with a deep throat sheath to pleasure a man's cock."

"It's then that you'll fully understand that as far as your owner is concerned you're an appliance, a receptacle for cock that's always there to provide him with a service as needed. All a man has to do is point to the floor in front of him and his trained cocksucker will fall to his knees and open his mouth, eager to receive his owners cock."

"Your attitude is another important element. In our club we've maintained for years that you have to really want to suck another man's cock to do it right. It must be like a religious experience for the cocksucker and he has to have the right attitude. The Alpha guys who whip and force cocksuckers to submit are just wrong; a suck-boy that willingly submits to being a cocksucker will deliver a much more satisfying blowjob. These eager boys actually want their men to fill their mouths with cum or piss and are very willing to work hard for it. In our club no one is forced or even coerced; we simply work with the docile boys that apply to our service just as you've done. In fact, we are quite concerned about a suck-boy's comfort to the point of providing things like kneeling pads for him. A happy, comfortable cocksucker just appreciates the cock in his mouth more and that means better service. We also don't get involved with making our suck-boys wear panties or any other woman's clothing. As you might expect, sometimes a cocksucker does need a little refocusing; our members occasionally use a riding crop or just their hands to spank or slap their suck-boy just to get his attention and improve his service. In any case a member will never break his boy's skin or really cause bodily harm; it's just counterproductive to obtaining a great blow job."

"A lot of what makes an average suckoff great for a guy is the all important flow of saliva, saliva, saliva as the cocksucker slobbers happily in your crotch. When the boy drools all over your crotch and make your prick sopping, dripping wet with spit he's showing a willingness to go all out. Guy's like an warm, eager, wet sucking hole and lips to milk his cock."

"Another thing a lot of cocksucker's don't seem to understand is that a man's genitals are made up of a lot of different parts. It isn't just a pole. There's the piss slit, the crown, the bottom edges of the crown, the little seam running from his balls to his ass, the cum-vein, the shaft, foreskin and two heavy balls. It's a fact that every single one of these areas is very sensitive to the erotic attention that a suck-boy's lips and tongue can bring. The great advantage a suck-boy has over cunt is his tongue to lick and massage. A mix of motions of lips and tongue and a combination of deep swallowing mixed with shallower attentions to the cockhead and cumslit, while of course showering the dude's rigid cock and balls with big lip smacking wet sloppy kisses let's him know just how much his own cocksucker lusts for his manly pride and seeks only to please his urgent need to have his cock and balls worshipped just the right way; just the way he wants. This attention to detail will almost certainly result in him shooting a thick load of sticky cum to fill your waiting mouth."

"I personally love having my cock serviced by a boy who knows what he's doing and realizes that for him it's all about my cock and only my cock as he gets me off. Before I joined the club, I didn't get sucked off much because I'm real picky and will only whip it out for a guy whom I can tell knows what he's doing, Or at least is willing and has the desire and attitude to learn. A guy who knows that merely sucking it may feel good, but if you really want my cock and especially if you want to be fed my load, you've got to know the difference between merely cocksucking and all out cock worshipping. Otherwise, I might as well bust my nut using my right hand."

"It requires a lot of time; I often enjoy a cocksucker right to the point of cumming then relaxing a bit as he licks my balls and ass hole for a while. It's often an hour before I grace his mouth with my cummy load. At that point I usually make him show me the load of sperm with his open, cummy mouth running his coated tongue all around before I let him swallow my jism down his gullet. This little show he puts on with his cummy mouth shows my control of the cocksucker and is humiliating to him; it seems that boys who feel the need to submit need this humiliation." 

"When a really talented cocksucker gets between his feeders legs, he enters and gets enveloped in a whole other world of service and submission. It has to be all about my cock for him and getting me to share my cum-load; it has to become at least for those moments his one and only desire; our members do not allow their suck-boys to handle their own cocks when sucking them so they are concentrated on sucking the alpha-males cock. The more he works for it, the more consumed he becomes with pleasing my cock and receiving my cum."

"What separates the expert faggot from a novice is that he knows mere lip Service (no-pun intended) with suction won't make a great blowjob. He understands that he has to first wet his lips and then get as much of his mouth to touch my cock as possible (aside from teeth, of course), to make it feel like heaven. He should make eye contact with his owner to reinforce his complete submission and the inherent humiliation of being a cock-slave kneeling in front of a man. This service includes his tongue, cheeks and the roof of his mouth; all have to be involved as he guides my cock towards his hungry throat. You'll have to learn to keep your lips sufficiently lubricated closed together just tight enough to pump my cock and with your tongue resting naturally with no air in your mouth. With your lips still like this, put them on the very tip of his head (this works best when his cock is already wet so your lips don't catch) then ever so slowly without stopping or changing the pace, without forcing, let his cock slowly glide right in.

Remember to keep your tongue completely still where it originally was, but relaxed with barely any suction, just let it slide in and enjoy it slowly filling your mouth. It's important to go super slow, barely moving, and very important not to stop or change the speed until his cock is in you completely. I find that a lot of Alpha guys are so overwhelmed by the sensation that they can't help but shove it down by the time it's halfway in because it drives them so crazy. I've found that a special treat for a cocksucker is to let him service my cock from the soft, flaccid state; they seem to love the feeling of a soft, ripe cock growing in their mouth; it gives them a great feeling of pride and accomplishment."

"When I first taught a boy to deep throat a huge cock, I realized it was only hard to perform because it was really so damn easy. The trick for boys like you is to just relax the throat entrance and swallow as it slides right on down. An expert cocksucker knows the gag reflex is all in the mind. When you feel yourself getting the urge to gag just know that it's only a reaction and tell yourself "I can resist it, I won't gag." Just focus on how much you'll love having your man's fat cock down your throat and the fact that you can't breathe as long as it's resting in your gullet when your lips can go no further is just making your owner that more excited by your dedication to his cock. For your owner it really doesn't matter if your throat spasms; it actually feels good when the spasms are massaging his cock head."

"When you're getting face fucked and have no control, you have to Continually gasp as much air as you can without interfering with your owner's thrusts and rhythm as he pulls his cock almost out and then shoves it back into you. At the same time, you'll pray that you can stand it if he decides to stop pumping and leaves it forced all the way down to the root, ,just because he can because he wants to and because it feels so good for him to have his cock totally enveloped and being cared for by your more than willing, contracting throat and massaging tongue. On top of that just think about how much he enjoys your throat throbbing on his prick. You're only interested in how much pleasure you can give him as well as hearing him enjoy it, be it words, moans, grunts, or just putting all his strength behind your head and making you choke on it. Just consider that you did it because it was your instinct."

"There are many different kinds of personalities Bobby. I'm pretty good at reading them. You're gay, but more important than that, you're naturally a submissive. Not just in the SM slave kind of way, but more like a puppy. I'll bet you like to have your ears scratched and your head rubbed by your man. With some expert training I'll bet that you'll be one of our prized cocksuckers who cums himself as he sucks on his man's cock; of course, that would be without touching his own cock, that's against our rules as it distracts the cocksucker from his main role of pleasuring his owner's cock."

"I may end up as your mentor if the club votes to accept you; in our club the mentor role is kinda like a "show him the ropes" kind of trainer."

"I see you've finished your wine, you know all this talk about men getting their cocks sucked has gotten me horny and our talk-time is over, "Come over here now Bobby and kneel between my legs!"

As he knelt, I adjusted my robes so that my cock now at almost full erection was visible and accessible to him."

"You've heard our story Bobby, have you thought it over? Are you the docile, submissive cock-slave we're looking for? I can assure you that the training won't be easy but I'm pretty sure you'll be much happier once you fully accept that you were simply born to be a cocksucker. What do you think?"

Bobby looked like a deer caught in the headlights, but he did manage to stammer out an answer. "I think you're right Sir, I've spent most of my life in denial about myself but I must admit that the few times I've been with another man it's been very exciting to me."

I held up my hand and stopped him right there, "whoa boy, what do you mean "with another man? What the hell do you mean; did you suck the man's cock or just share a coffee break? I thought I told you to be explicit."

He looked chagrined and said, "Yes Sir, I sucked his cock."

"So you can admit that you're already a cocksucker; all you need now is too be taught to let yourself go and be the faggot you were meant to be, admit to yourself that your place in life is on your knees between a real man's legs. I think it's time for a little demo of your skill-set boy. I want you to get very familiar with my crotch so get up close, nuzzle my balls with your nose, get used to a man's smells. Do you see that thick, purple vein running up the side of my cock, it's through there that my sperm will travel up and into your mouth? Get your nose under my balls and lift them; feel their heft."
