 "Phil, don't be stupid!"

"Don't call me stupid, I know what I saw!"

"You saw me talking to a guy, that's it!"

"Bullshit. Fucking bullshit is what it is. We go out to a club and you flirt with the first guy you see. Every time! You flirt with every guy there but me. I'm sick of it!"

Phil turned, walking away.

Jake sighed. "Wait, Phil, come on, we can talk about it, don't be mad!"

Phil kept walking. Jake jogged after him, reaching out to put a hand on his shoulder. Phil spun around.

"Don't touch me," he snarled. Jake rolled his eyes.

"Stop being an idiot about it," he said, but Phil was having none of it, turning away again.

"We're done!" he shouted over his shoulder.

"Just like that?" Jake shouted back. "Just like that, you break up with me? Because I flirted with another guy?"

Phil turned back. "That's part of it, yeah, but not all of it. See ya."

Jake threw up his arms, and followed after him. Down the block was Phil's car, which is how they had gotten to the club. When Phil reached it, digging in his pockets for his keys, Jake saw an opening.

"Come on," he soothed, "sleep on it. Don't make any rash decisions."

Phil shook his head, finally pulling out his keys. "We're done," he said, opening the door. "Come by tomorrow to get your stuff from my place."

"Are you serious? Just like this? I don't even get to explain myself?"

Phil shook his head. "No."

"So just because of this?"

He shook his head again. "I've been thinking about it. This just decided it."

Jake groaned. "You could've talked about it with me."

"Yeah, I wasn't going to do that. You would've tried to talk me out of it instead of talking through it with me."

"How do you know that?"

"Because I know you. You always do that. It doesn't matter what I want, so long as it's the same as what you want. It's over, Jake, accept it."

He slammed the door, and very soon was driving away.

Jake scratched his head. Phil had always kept his deeper emotions and thoughts to himself, but this was a surprise.

"You okay?" came a voice from behind him. He turned to see a police officer, tall and dark-skinned. His name plate read 'Navarro'.

"Yeah," he said. "My boyfriend just broke up with me, though."

"Sorry to hear that," the officer apologized. 

Jake shrugged. "Nah, it's not your fault. It's not that big a deal, it's not like I was planning on marrying him."

"How long were you guys together?"

Jake laughed. He would now have to use the past tense when describing their relationship.

"A year or so."

The officer nodded. "You good?"

Jake nodded back. "Yeah, I'm not, like, heartbroken, just surprised and a bit angry. He didn't even let me explain."

"Can I ask why he broke up with you?"

"He saw me flirting with another guy at the club," Jake explained. "I am a bit of a flirt, and he always hates...hated that. I guess it was the last straw for him."

The officer shrugged. "What can you do?"

Jake chuckled. "Yeah, not much. Trouble is, he drove me here, and my car is back at his place."

"I can drive you to your car," the officer offered.

"Nah, I don't want to be an inconvenience, I can call a cab."

The officer shook his head. "You wouldn't be, it's a slow night. Besides, this ride'll be free."

Jake thought for a moment, and then nodded. "Yeah, sure, thanks."

"No problem," the officer said, turning to walk towards his car.

"I'm Jose," he said, extending a hand.

"I'm Jake," Jake said, shaking the offered hand.

As he followed Jose, he could not help but note his toned biceps. He filled out the trousers well, Jake imagining his lower muscles to be just as toned. He also could not help but imagine how Jose filled out the front of the trousers.

They reached the car, Jose opening the front.

"Do you mind if I sit in the back," Jake asked. "I have an idea."

Jose raised an eyebrow, but shrugged. Jake slipped into the back, and as car headed off, took a selfie and sent it to his parents.

"So what was the idea?" Jose asked.

"I took a selfie and sent it to my parents. Want to freak 'em out a bit."

Jose laughed. 

"So how long have you been a cop?" Jake asked after a few minutes.

"Five years."

"What made you do it?"

"My dad was one. I idolized him, so I knew I was gonna be a cop since I was little. What do you do?"

"I teach English."

"What level?"

"High school."

Jose whistled in appreciation. "One of my exes worked at a high school. Said it was horrible."

Jake laughed. "I've heard horror stories. Nothing much has happened to me, just dumb jocks and drama queens."

"So what made you teach?"

Jake shrugged. "I've wanted to teach for a long time. Luckily I had a friend who already worked at a school, and they put in a good word, so I got the job. I've been where I am for two years now."

"Congrats."

"Thanks."

Silence descended on them for the next few minutes.

"Can I ask you an awkward question?" Jose spoke up.

"Sure, what's up?"

"What's it like being gay?"

Jake shrugged. "I like it. Why?"

Jose fell silent, thinking for a few moments.

"I've just always been...curious."

"Ah," Jake said. "So you're not gay, but you wondered what it would be like."

Jose nodded. "Yeah. Like, I've been with plenty of women, so I wonder how it'd be different."

"Well, I've never been with a woman, so I don't know what that's like either."

"It's great," Jose said, "unless you're gay."

Jake laughed. "Yeah, true. So you've always wondered, huh?"

"Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't be a catcher, you know. I wouldn't want that."

Jake laughed again. "Well, I like being a catcher."

"Really?"

He nodded. "There are few things like cock in your ass. Provided the person using it knows what they're doing. And hell, even if they don't it could still be great"

Jose fell silent again. 

Jake smiled. This handsome cop was curious about something Jake knew all about. A naughty thought flitted into his mind, and it stuck. Jake was now single, so he could indulge Jose's curious side.

"If you want," he finally spoke up, "I can show you."

Jose's eyes flew up to the rear view mirror. "What do you mean?"

"You want to be a pitcher, right?"

He nodded. "Yeah."

"Well, I like being a catcher. So we match up. We can try it out if you want. I'm all for it."

"Really?"

"Yeah. You seem like a nice guy, good-looking. Besides, I'm single now, so I can."

Jose looked back at the road. A few more minutes went by, and then the car took a sudden turn off the main road. Jake watched as they took a few more turns, passing through unfamiliar territory. They finally stopped outside to an old junkyard. Nobody was in sight.

"So you're sure?" Jose asked, looking back over his shoulder. Jake nodded firmly.

"Ok," Jose said, turning off the car. "How are we gonna do this?"

"Come back here," Jake said. "I'll get you ready."

Jose obeyed, and in seconds was in the backseat with Jake. 

"Can I suck your dick?" Jake asked. Jose's eyes widened. 

"Hell yeah," he said, leaning back. Jake smiled, watching as Jose undid his trousers. His gray briefs came into view, a bulge also visible. 

Jake moved closer, reaching his hand in to find Jose's cock. It throbbed, its warmth making Jake bite his lip. Jose shivered, watching intently as Jake freed it, the shaft quickly growing harder in his grip.

"Ready?" Jake asked.

Jose nodded. Jake lowered his head and sucked Jose's cock into his mouth. The police officer groaned, jerking his hips up.

Jake smiled, tasting the flesh, bathing the head with his tongue. His lips slipped further down the shaft. His hand began to move, stroking slowly, Jose groaning. Jake eagerly sucked, his hand covering whatever his mouth did not.

"Fuck, that's good," Jose gasped. Jake laughed; his hand sped up as he sucked harder. He had figured he would suck a cock later tonight; he just had not expected it to be someone else's besides Phil's. This one was a wonderful replacement, slightly bigger and thicker. He pushed further onto the length, feeling it glide over his tongue. Jake shifted on the backseat, feeling himself get harder, like he always did when sucking cock. His hand dipped into his jeans, moving over his briefs.

He felt a hand slide into his hair. Jose cursed, grunting, his hips pushing up slightly. More of his length plugged up Jake's mouth. Jake could not help but moan in delight as he tasted more hard flesh.

The hot flesh throbbed on Jake's tongue; Jose's hips moved again, shoving more into Jake's mouth. The hand dipping inside his own briefs stroked slowly at his cock, his other hand still gripping Jose by the base. His mouth was a few inches away from bumping into that hand.

Jose grunted again, leaning back further to rest his head against the window.

"Fuck, you're good at this," he said, watching as Jake eagerly sucked, slurping up the pre-cum seeping from the cockhead.

Jake pulled off the cock, leaving it erect and glistening. His hand started stroking again as he undid his own pants, pushing them down to his knees. His briefs followed, his cock popping out of them, a string of pre-cum splattering out onto the seat. He shot Jose a saucy smile as he spun, presenting his bare ass.

"I don't have a condom," Jose said. Jake shrugged, peeking back over his shoulder.

"That's fine, but you better pull out."

Jose nodded solemnly, taking up position behind Jake. The blunt head of his prick nudged into Jake's asshole. With a push, it slipped past the sphincter, the first few inches of the shaft following after. Jake groaned, his cheeks spreading around the thickness. It rubbed along his inner walls as it slid deeper.

"Oh, shit, that's tight," Jose said, his hands grasping at Jake's hips. 

"Never taken a girl up the ass?"

"Nah, never."

Jake chuckled. "Some people are too scared of taking it up the ass. Or they think it's dirty."

"Isn't it? I mean, it's the ass."

Jake shook his head, reaching absentmindedly back to rub at the remaining length, still outside of his ass.

"If you do it right, it's fine. Just don't take it up the ass after you've had curry or Mexican, trust me on that one."

Jose laughed. He slid further inside, Jake grunting as the hot solidness further explored his ass. His own prick was straining, leaking pre-cum. He rubbed at the head with his hand, collecting some of the fluid, tasting it, the tanginess familiar to him. His hand slipped past the head, closing around his shaft, gently stroking. His soft groan matched Jose's as he pushed even deeper, feeling the clinging walls all around him. 

"Fuck, you're tight," he commented again.

One more push and Jose was all the way inside him. Jake reached back to brush his fingers over Jose's balls, resting above and against his own set. Jose groaned, feeling that soft touch.

"Come on, fuck me," Jake urged. 

Jose grunted, grinding slowly against Jake's sphincter, stretched wide around the invading shaft. He pulled back a bit, said sphincter clutching to Jose's veined length. Jake loved that feeling, a thick, hard cock moving inside of him. He bit his lip, pushing back on Jose, that bit of cock slipping back inside him.

"No," Jose said, tightening his grip on Jake, "you don't move. I'll fuck you."

Jake laughed, staying still. He always enjoyed it when a man took the lead, sexually speaking.

"You better do it really good or else I might file a complaint," he joked.

Jose chuckled. "Want my badge number?"

"Nah, I want something else right now."

He leaned down, resting his face against the cool leather. Jose took it as the sign it was, pulling back quickly only to send his length inside again, repeating it again and again until a rhythm was established. The car quickly began to move from the motion, Jose pumping eagerly into Jake. He could hear moans and grunts from behind him, as well as the quick slapping of Jose's balls against Jake's. His cock was painfully hard, constantly leaking pre-cum; Jose's cock was deep, hitting all those sensitive spots in Jake's insides.

Jake moaned himself, as a hard thrust for Jose pushed against his prostate, mashing that magic button, his cock ready to spurt.

"I'm gonna cum," he gasped, another deep thrust hitting his prostate again. He shot a hand to his cock, giving it a few strokes, before another thrust set him off. The first spurt splattered onto the seat, but he managed to catch the remaining ones in his palm, excess bits dripping off to join the amount sticking to the leather.

The cum-coated hand migrated to his hand, and he eagerly lapped it clean, shivering as he tasted himself. Jose was still pumping away, bouncing Jake forward. 

"You like the taste of your own jizz?" Jose asked.

"Yeah," Jake nodded. "Jizz in general. Can't get enough of it."

Jose laughed. "So now I know where I should cum."

Jake nodded. "I cleaned my ass out before leaving to meet up with Phil. You can stick it right in my mouth. Or you can make me open my mouth and drop it on my tongue."

Jose laughed again. "Seems like you want the latter."

"I kinda do, yeah, but it's up to you."

"Sounds good," Jose said, "because I'm about to bust."

He grunted, giving a dozen more harsh thrusts, pounding into Jake's insides. Jake moaned along with him, licking his lips, wanting to feel that hot spunk splash onto his tongue. After the last thrust, Jose pulled out, Jake's sphincter clutching uselessly at air as it was left stretched.

Jake spun, Jose rearing up further. He opened his mouth, panting with thirst as Jose jerked off, hand flying up and down his shaft. A few seconds later and it erupted, sending thick bursts of semen flying. The first one splashed onto Jake's cheek, but Jose aimed lower and to the left, just in time for the next burst to lance onto Jake's tongue. He moaned, feeling the taste settle onto his tongue, and then it was followed by the rest of Jose's load. 

The result was a thick puddle of spunk resting on Jake's tongue, threatening to overflow from his mouth. Jake glanced up at Jose and winked before swallowing, the hot cum washing down his throat. He cleaned up that first burst that had hit his cheek, eating up that one too. Jose watched, eyes wide.

"Fuck, that's hot," he commented when Jake was done.

Jake grinned, but he was not done yet. Jose's cock bobbed in front of him, so he leaned down to it, running his tongue up the length. Jose groaned in surprise, his cock sensitive after the orgasm 

The taste of his own ass on another man's shaft was always a turn-on for Jake. He licked eagerly, slathering the shaft in his spit, savoring that familiar taste. Jose watched, eyes still wide, groaning appreciatively. Jake kept licking, wanting to clean it off. When he deemed the job done, he sat back, grinning at Jose.

"How was it?" he asked.

Jose smiled. "That was awesome. Thank you."

Jake laughed. He moved back a bit, and slid across the stain on the seat, from his first blast of cum.

"You made a little mess," Jose accused. 

"Sorry about that," Jake said. Jose laughed, shaking his head.

"It's okay, man, I was going to clean this rig up tomorrow anyway."

Jake pulled his pants back up, Jose following suit. In no time, they were on the road again. Some twenty minutes later, they were outside Phil's apartment building.

"Thanks for the ride," Jake said. "The car one, and the other one," he added.

Jose laughed. "No problem, thank you for showing me what was what."

"Yeah, now you know."

Jose bade him farewell, and the car pulled away. Jake took another look at Phil's apartment building, and went to his own car.

He was a few blocks from home when he saw red flashing lights behind him. 

"What's the problem, officer?" he asked when the officer stepped up to his window.

"Are you Jake?" he asked. Jake nodded, surprised, his ID at the ready.

The officer looked him over, and then his serious expression broke into a wide smile as he extended a hand.

"I'm a friend of Jose Navarro's," he said, "and he mentioned that I might like to meet a certain 'Jake'."

Jake laughed. Part of him felt he should be mad, but the idea that Jose had passed on the story to somebody so soon after, was too amusing and flattering.

"That was fast," he said. The officer laughed.

"Yeah, Jose wanted to let me know. I'm gay, that's why, it wasn't random or anything."

"Wait, if you're gay, why didn't you just, you know, show him the business? He said he's been a bit curious about it."

The officer shrugged. "He never mentioned it. I mean, he and I are like brothers, he probably thought it'd be too awkward or something."

"Huh." 

"So you up for me too, or are you done for the night? No pressure."

Jake thought about it for a moment. That was how long he needed to decide.

"Do you know a place nearby or should we go to my place?"

"I know a place," the officer answered.

"Lead on," Jake said.