 The following is a work of fiction that came from the recesses of my own mind. Any names or places are all of my own creation. Any characters that may engage in sexual activity are over 18. I hope you enjoy what I have tried to create. 

This is my 1st attempt at writing anything, so please be kind. Comments are welcome..good or bad. 

Also...THANK YOU to all of "My Boys", without you I never would have done this, you know who you are.

*

Like a Phoenix rising from the ashes.  To live and love again.  Beautiful and Captivating to look upon.  Magical and Magnificent to behold.  A constant cycle of being torn down.  Just to be lifted up once again.  That is what love is.  A struggle through life.  To find the good within the bad.  No love is perfect.  Like the Phoenix You need to know when to let go.  So you may rise again.  To know the Beauty and be Captivated.  To feel the Magic in a touch.  So rise from the ashes and fly toward the skies.  Draw upon your inner strength.  So you may learn to live again.  So you may feel love again.  Think of the Magnificent Phoenix As a Symbol to never give up.

The day started like any other. River awoke to the buzzing of the alarm and rolled over to slap it quiet. Pulling himself out of bed he staggered to the bathroom turning the water on in the shower to let it heat up as he took his morning piss and brushed his teeth. Stepping in under the hot water and letting it beat against his body, feeling it work on loosening up muscles from a night of restless sleep. He didn't linger this morning in the shower like usual, knowing he needed to be in the office before Mr. Donavan got in. Finishing quickly and stepping out, he dried off as he walked back into the bedroom where he stood in front of the mirror on the closet door.

Taking a moment to look his body over before getting dressed, he was nothing spectacular, he knew that. He stood an even 6' and weighed in around 165. His body was not big by any means. He was lean and had good definition to his muscles. Years of running and swimming made sure of that. He had a mop of curly brown hair and eyes the color of mud. There was a light dusting of hair that trailed down his abs to run into his well trimmed pubic hair. He was not overly endowed, but was happy with what he was blessed with. As he turned around to gather his clothes he took a peak at his backside and admitted to himself that he had a nice ass. It was firm, round and muscular. River arrived at work and headed straight to his desk to get everything ready for when the boss arrived. Demands were placed on him that, he thought had nothing to do with the job he was hired to do as a personal assistant. He was treated more like an office gopher. However, he needed the job, he needed the money. He worked hard and did what was asked of him without complaint. Who knew that being a personal assistant would consist of fetching coffee, lunch, dry cleaning and any other little menial task Mr. Donavan could think of for him to do. As he sat there waiting for the day to begin, his mind started to wander. He was trying to figure out how his life had gone to shit over the last six months. 

He was in a relationship that he thought would last. Little did he know that she would just pack up and walk away like they never meant anything to one another. How could she just take the one thing he loved the most away from him? Raivyn, his angel, his life. That bitch left while he was at work. She didn't even have the consideration to leave a Dear John letter. He had no idea where she went, and every time he tried to call her cell it went to voicemail. He sat there questioning himself. What did I do to make her leave? Am I that bad of a person? Did I not satisfy her anymore? Oh Raivyn, my sweet Raivyn, how could she do this to me, to you? River was brought out of his thoughts by his boss calling his name over the speaker on the phone. 'Great, let the fun begin' he thought as he answered. "Good morning Mr. Donavan, I'll be right in." He stood and gathered up what would be needed for the morning briefing. Just like every morning, he went into the office, placed his items on the side of the desk, went over to the corner and got the coffee that Mr. Donavan always wanted him to prepare. Like he couldn't figure out how to make the damn thing for himself. 

As such, River was never real comfortable around his boss. His steel grey eyes always left him feeling unsettled and he couldn't explain it. It was almost like he could see into him and know what he was thinking. His expression was one of disinterest yet calculating and always hard. Placing the coffee on the desk, River sat in the chair opposite his boss and asked "Where would you like to start this morning Sir? We have the meeting coming up at the end of the week with the board of trustees and the Charity event itinerary to finish up before the end of the month." 

Mr. Donavan sat there for a moment just staring at River, almost like he didn't hear what was said before he finally acknowledged the question. "Let's start with the meeting that is coming up with that sorry bunch of money hungry vultures. Then we can move onto the Charity itinerary and any other pressing matters after that." 

River shuffled through the files that he brought in with him and pulled out the facts and figures that would be needed for the Board of Trustee members and handed it over to Mr. Donavan as he pulled up the numbers on his PDA. "As you can see by the numbers, we are well above the expected median for this quarter and as always, we are ahead for the year as well. That should make the Board members happy. I've also made sure that all of these facts and figures are laid out in a way that should be easy enough for them to understand and that the company is taking good care of their interests and support."

"Nicely done Mr. Addison. Maybe now they will stop hounding me and trying to get me out of the way. Realizing that I am turning a profit, even if I do have to spend a little more than they would like me to. Now, where are we with this Charity event?" 

River once again shuffled through the files and pulled out the itinerary for the Charity event that the company was hosting for a local group called Sanctuary. From what River understood of the group, it was started as a way to support and offer a safe place for children and young adults who felt they may be at risk for abuse, neglect or abandonment. It also offered a place for those who needed someone to talk to about whatever was going on in their lives that may be stressing them to the point of self-harm. 

"Here you go sir, this is the schedule for that night. As you can see, you will need to be there by 5pm so you can mingle with all of the contributors. There will also be a light dinner served at approximately 6pm. I have already placed your order sir." River scanned the list to see what else he needed to point out. "There will be a total of 5 guest speakers with you being the last. All in all it should be over by 11 o'clock. Any questions so far sir?" Mr. Donavan glanced at the sheet for a moment before raising his head to stare at his P.A., noticing how he shifted in his seat under his gaze. Was he afraid of him he wondered? It appeared to Mr. Donavan to be that way, if River's body language was anything to go by. Well, he would have to see about fixing that little problem. He couldn't have those that worked closely to him being afraid. 

"As always Mr. Addison, you seem to have everything in order. Did you place an extra dinner order for the date I am expected to bring along with me to this shin-dig? And what about you, it will be necessary that you attend as well." Seeing the look of concern on River's face he continued. "I will need you there to keep me in the loop, reminding me of who is who and that I have my speech prepared. I can't go up there with a charity like this and not be prepared." River sat there not really knowing how to react to what he just heard. In all the time that he worked for Mr. Donavan, he had never been required to attend a function like this. He didn't think he could handle being in a big group of people like that. 

River brought his eyes up from where he had been staring at the floor and answered Mr. Donavan honestly. "Sir, I was unaware that I would be required to attend this function. I was going to make sure that your speech was typed up and ready for you so that you would be as prepared as you could be for when you were on stage. I was not informed that I would have to be in attendance, therefore I've already made plans to be out of town for that weekend due to personal reasons sir." River sat there playing with his fingers as he waited to hear what the big boss mans' reaction would be. He didn't have to wait long.

"Well I'm sorry to tell you that you will have to cancel your plans. You really don't have a choice in the matter of attending or not. I am telling, not asking you to be there. I expect you to be in a tux, you need to look your best, since you are working for me. You were hired to be there for me as I saw the need. As far as I am concerned, you are needed there to keep up good relations with some of our clients that will be in attendance. You are needed there to make sure that things run smoothly and no one screws up what is to be a good night. You are needed there to make sure I don't make a fool of myself up there on that stage by not being prepared. That is what you are being paid for. So you will be there. You will act happy about it, AND you will do as you are told. Have I made it clear to you Mr. Addison?" 

River just sat there, not believing he was going to agree to submit to this man. That is how he saw it, he had no choice. He either submitted and did what he was told or chance getting fired. As much as he was starting to not like his position he still needed the job. He had responsibilities in his life that he had to take care of. Once again, he raised his head and looked at Mr. Donavan. "Yes sir, very clear. I will be sure to have all that you need and require to be in order by the end of this month. I will also make sure that I help you maintain a proper image for the company by being at your beck and call and doing as I am told." Once he got that out he cast his eyes down again, unable to look at Mr. Donavan for more than the time it took to speak.

"Ok, now that we have that settled, I need you to schedule a few things for me." And that is how the next hour went for River sitting there in Mr. Donavan's office. Taking notes and making sure he had everything he needed to call, email or fax information to people of importance. By the time he had everything taken care of it was time for lunch so he headed out of the office and down to the little deli on the corner. He stood there and waited to step up and place his order. The girl behind the counter knew him from all the times he had been in there and asked if he wanted the usual order. 'But of course' he thought, had to keep the boss man happy. He placed his order and went down to the end of the counter to wait for the food to arrive.

As he stood there he took a look around, just kind of people watching, when he saw a little girl with straight black hair sitting in a high chair over in the corner. He thought of his Raivyn. Wondering where she was. How she was handling not having daddy around every day to play with her? Damn bitch of an ex-girlfriend taking her away from me. 'If I only knew where she was'.

River was brought back to the here and now by the girl at the counter letting him know that his order was ready. "Thank you, I'll see you tomorrow about the same time." He said with a smile that made her blush. River had no idea what his smile did to the people around him. He headed back to the office quickly with the coffee and sandwiches so that Mr. Donavan couldn't find something else to complain about. And that is how the rest of the week went. Mr. Donavan demanding things of River and River just looking towards the floor and saying "yes sir, anything else sir?"

******

Mr. Eithen Donavan sat at his desk trying to figure out what had changed in his young P.A. over the last few months. He had hired a confident, level-headed, self-starter of a young man that had proved himself a great asset to Eithen and the company. That River seemed to be gone and in his place was a weak and submissive boy who does not see himself as worthy. Eithen thought to himself, 'that will never do. I need to find out what has happened to bring this change about in River's personality.' Not even realizing that a lot of it had to do with how he came across as domineering and all alpha male.

Eithen picked up the phone and dialed a number from memory. "I need you to do some digging for me" he told the person on the other end of the line. "Name is River Addison, date of birth is August 5th of 1986. Find out all that you can for me. I want you to go back as far as you can." Eithen hung up the phone and sat there contemplating what he should do and how to go about getting the River that he hired back. This River would never survive the demands that Eithen had to place upon him to get the jobs done that needed to be done. He would find a way, he had no choice. He had to have River as his P.A., had to keep him close.