 River lay there trying to figure out what was going on with his boss. He saw the concern and the worry on his face, he also noticed a hint of what appeared to be a look of hurt when he told him to go. But what did he really expect? All of these thoughts were going through his head, making him think about all the times that Mr. Donavan had demanded things from him instead of just asking. If he didn't act like such an Alpha male, then maybe the employees would not be so afraid to approach him with their ideas and concerns. 

But noooo.... his attitude deterred them, therefore making River the one they came to. So it was always him that had to bring it all to Mr. Donavan's attention. Praying that whatever it was did not set the boss off. Just thinking about that man put River in a bad mood, and he so did not need any added stress to his life at the moment. River was brought back to the here and now when he realized that someone had entered his room. Looking up, he saw an older gentleman in a white coat. 'Must be the doctor Molly was talking about' he thought.

"Hello Mr. Addison. It's good to see you awake finally, you had us all a little worried."

"Finally, what do you mean finally? How long have I been here?" Now River was more confused and afraid. It couldn't have been more than a few hours. Right?

"What is the last thing you remember Mr. Addison?" the man in white asked, avoiding the question.

"Ummm... I remember getting up and heading to bed. After that, nothing. Again, how long have I been here?" He couldn't tell anything by watching the doctor. 

"You took a pretty nasty hit when you fell, you were brought in unresponsive, but all of your vitals were normal. You just would not wake up, and we did not understand why. As for how long you have been here, it has been three days."

"THREE DAYS!!! I have been here THREE days?" Suddenly River started having flashes of images. Images of his daughter. He couldn't explain them, he couldn't tell anyone about them. His head was pounding again. It hurt so bad.

The doctor noticed the pained expression on his patients' face and assumed that he was just hurting from his ordeal and from the stress of it all. He had no reason to think otherwise. 

"Sir, I need you to try and calm down. We still don't understand why you wouldn't wake up. We will need to run a few more tests before we can release you. But you NEED to calm down. We don't want to chance you slipping again into a coma."

"Make it go away... please... make the pain go away... my head... it hurts so bad." River begged of the doctor. The man walked over and inserted something into his IV, and he felt himself drifting off to sleep soon after. He did not wake up again until morning. 

******

Eithen pulled into the parking deck of the hospital and just sat there, not sure if he was up to feeling the anger towards him from River. 

I know that I can be a difficult boss, but I have to be hard on my employees from time to time. They need to remember who's in charge. I don't think I've been that bad. So why does he hate me? I need to get him to understand why I have been harder on him, he needs to know that it was for his own good. River needs to learn to take commands and still feel like he has control. I can teach him that, if he is willing to learn. I need to get him to trust me. How can I let him know all of what I have done and learned about his daughter without him feeling like I have invaded his personal life?' All these thoughts, and no answer in sight. 

Eithen managed to get out of his truck and head into the hospital, hoping that River would be in a better mood after a night of regular sleep. Stepping out of the elevator onto the floor that River was on, he saw the doctor standing there by the nurses' station. As he got closer he called out. "Hey Doc, having a good morning? Ma and pops said to remind you about dinner this weekend." 

"Ah, Eithen my boy, always good to see you." Doc said while pulling his nephew into a hug. 

"How is he today Doc, is he going to alright?" He knew he had no right to ask this, but he needed to know. 

"Mr. Addison seems to be doing better this morning. We're still not sure why he was out of it for as long as he was, there was no reason for it. However, all of the tests have come back normal, and his vitals have never wavered. It's a good thing you found him when you did though. No telling how long he may have laid there, and from what you have told us, there is no one else right now in his life. He's a lucky young man to have you as a friend." 

Eithen just stood there, not willing to correct his uncle. Doc stood there a moment in thought while looking at Eithen, he had to ask the question that had been nagging at him since the morning that River was brought in.

"Eithen, I understand that this young man works for you, but what you have done, by being here at his side, that is not normal for a boss and his employee. What does he really mean to you?" 

Eithen had to think about that. What did River mean to him? He felt the need to protect him, to keep him safe, to make sure he was happy. But what did all of that really mean? He had never been like this with anyone before, it confused him. Looking at his uncle he answered with what he knew. "I honestly don't know, it confuses me, these feelings. This desire to keep him safe and protected. Do you understand any of what I'm talking about?" 

His uncle sighed and then just nodded his head in the affirmative. "All I can tell you Eithen, is to talk to your parents about this. They can answer your questions far better than I can." With that, Doc turned and headed to check on his patient. 

Eithen followed his uncle into River's room and stayed close to the door in case he was not wanted there again. He noticed that River looked better this morning. He had more color to him, not so pale. Eithen also noticed that River was looking right at him. "How are you feeling today River? You look better, bet you can't wait to get out of here huh." He knew he was starting to ramble, but for some reason he was suddenly nervous. He did not like this feeling, he liked being in control. And control is one thing he did not have at the moment.

River watched as the door opened and the doctor came in, noticing someone else behind him. He did not expect to see Mr. Donavan again so soon after last night. He thought he made it clear that he was not wanted here. "What are you doing back here Mr. Donavan? I thanked you last night for getting me here, what more do you want? Are you just here to make sure I'm not playing hooky, or are you here to find out when I'm gonna be able to come back to work? Gotta keep that leash on your employee huh." 

Eithen was hurt by what River was ranting, but he refused to let it show. Rather he went into business mode and made sure his face was expressionless. "Actually, Mr. Addison, I came by this morning to check on the well being of my most valuable employee. I was not concerned about when you would be returning to work. The only thing I was concerned about was what caused you to be here in the first place. 

I can see that you are still in the same mood as you were last night. And if I remember right, Nurse Molly said that was not good for you. So, as a concerned boss, I suggest you calm down and stop taking your shit out on me. Are we clear Mr. Addison?" 

Eithen hated to do it, but it seemed like the only time River actually listened to him was when he let just a touch of his Alpha power seep out and he became more dominant.

River dropped his gaze and simply nodded, pushing his anger into the background for the time being. He knew that he was being unfair to Mr. Donavan, but there was just something to that man, it made River want to defy him one second and submit to him the next. It confused him, it scared him, and it angered him. No one had ever made him feel this way before, and he did not like it. "Yes sir, I'm sorry for taking it out on you."

The doctor just stood there with his mouth open, not believing what he just saw. In just a matter of minutes his nephew was able to make this man who had been nothing but angry and defensive anytime he was awake, calm and complacent. If he didn't think that these two were mates before, he had no doubts about it now. But, he had a job to do and he needed to pull himself together. Walking over to Mr. Addison's bed he picked up his chart and made a few notes on it before turning his attention to the man himself. 

"Mr. Addison, I am happy to inform you that all of your tests have come back normal, therefore we see no reason to keep you here any longer. You will be sore for a few days still and you might experience some headaches for the next week or so from hitting your head. 

Now, I understand that you live alone, is that correct?" Getting a nod he continued, "Ok, well do you have anyone that can either come stay with you or would let you stay with them over the next few days? Since we are still unsure of what is causing you to have these episodes, you are not to be alone in case you should have another one." 

Doc. noticed the panic on his patients face, already knowing the answer was going to be no. He got his answer as Mr. Addison slowly looked up and shook his head no, quietly saying that he had no one. "Unless we can release you to someone that will guarantee us that you will be looked after for the next two or three days, I'm afraid that you will have to stay here."

This was Eithen's chance to prove to River that he was not a bad person. Probably his only chance to gain his trust and friendship. Before he realized what he was doing, he stepped forward and cleared his throat getting his uncles attention. 

"Doc, he can stay with me. My house is big enough as you know, and there is always someone around. He will be watched carefully, and if there are any signs of a reoccurrence we can have him back here in just a few minutes." 

During all of this, he kept his eyes locked with Rivers, he could see the doubt there. He had to make sure River did not turn down his offer. "I am not giving you a choice in this River. You either come home with me or you stay here. As I see it, you are better off at my place where you can be more comfortable. And I am sure that my Ma would be more than happy to make sure that you are well fed and taken care of." Eithen and the doctor both chuckled with that last part.

"Ok... if I really don't have a say in this, then I guess I'll be going with Mr. Donavan here. I just need to stop by my place before we go anywhere to grab a few things." 

River thought to himself, what the hell am I supposed to do now? There is no way I can live with this man for the next three days. I have to find a way out of this. I have to come up with something.

"So when can I get out of here? You've all been great, but I really hate hospitals." 

The doctor informed him all he needed to do was to get his discharge papers ready and he was free to go. Within the hour River had all of his paperwork signed and was ready to get the hell out of there.

******

As Eithen went to get his truck from the parking deck he scolded himself for his reaction and behavior when it came to River. "What the hell am I doing? I want him to trust me, not hate me or fear me. So what do I do... I demand that he come and stay with me. Not even giving him a choice. Well done Eithen, what a great start at changing his feelings about you." 

Eithen pulled up in front of the doors and got out to help River into the truck, knowing that his help was not needed or wanted. He just had to do it though, something in him made him want to be there for River. Once River was in the truck and all settled in, he took off toward River's to get whatever was needed to stay at Eithen's place for the next few days. 

It was a silent ride, neither said a word to the other. They both were lost in their own thoughts. 

Eithen was thinking how he was going to reveal to River what he knew about his daughter and how he came about that information. 

River was thinking of ways to get out of staying with his boss while he recuperated from his most recent episode. He also needed to figure out what the hell was going on with him and these images he kept getting of Raivyn. River just knew that something was wrong, he feared for his daughter's safety. 

Pulling up in front of River's house, Eithen turned to him and asked if he needed any help getting his things together. This was it River thought, I just need to tell him thank you again for finding him and getting him the help he needed, but he was ok now, and that he would be fine on his own. Glancing over at Eithen, he got caught in the look that was aimed at him. He was unable to look away, unable to voice his denial of needing to be looked after. River was only able to nod and say "yes, please." 

They gathered up what River would need and then headed out of town to Eithen's place. Once again the ride was silent. This time Eithen was thinking of how to explain all the people that came in and out of his home without revealing a secret that was only meant to be learned by his mate. 

While River sat there thinking about what happened back in front of his place. Never had he been affected by someone like that. Never had he been unable say what he wanted to. What was it about Mr. Donavan that made him react the way he did. 

So lost in thought, neither realized that they had arrived and stopped in front of the house. They sat there, both unmoving, both unsure of what to say or do next. 

Eithen cleared his throat, looking out the window towards the house. "Well, here we are, home sweet home. Let's head in and I can show you where you can put your things. After that we can have some lunch, I'm not the greatest cook, but I manage. Then I will show you around the house." Getting out, Eithen walked around to make sure that River was able to get down ok, knowing that he was still hurting. 

Grabbing the things that River brought with him, they headed into the house. Eithen led him down a hallway till they reached the end, pointing out where the bathroom and his office were along the way. 

"You can use this room while you're here. If you need anything else for it, just let me know and I can get it for you. I want to make sure that you are as comfortable as possible." Eithen was interrupted by his cell ringing, looking he noticed that it was his pops. "Sorry, I have to take this. If you need me, just holler." 

With that, Eithen left River to get settled into what would be his room for the next few days.