 Eithen arrived at the safe house within 20 minutes of receiving the call letting him know that they had located and brought in Angelica for questioning. He pulled up and turned off the engine, just sitting there for a moment trying to calm himself down before he had to confront this...this woman. Eithen got out and walked into the house nodding at one of his betas. "Hey Troy, what did you find out from our 'guest' so far?" "Nothing much as of yet Alpha. We located her 2 towns over, hooking on the streets. Looks like she has a substance addiction of some kind. She won't answer any of our questions concerning River or their daughter." "Take me to her, let's see if I can get her to talk." Eithen ordered his beta with an evil little grin on his face.

******

Angelica looked up when she heard the door opening to the room that these people had placed her in. She was scared, she just wanted to go home, she had no idea who they were or what they wanted with her. Why did they keep asking her about River and Raivyn? How did they even know about them? "Who are you? What do you want with me?" her voice quivered as she stared at the intimidating man that came into the room. He stood easily at 6'5 and pushing 200lbs. of solid muscle. He frightened her like no other has so far. 

"Hello Ms. Laurentis, all of your questions will be answered after you have answered all of mine." Eithen sneered as he looked her over. What did River ever see in this woman? Just looking at her repulsed him. It was apparent that she was addicted to something. Her hair was dirty and stringy, she had dark circles under her eyes and she looked like she weighed in around 90lbs soaking wet. This could not be the woman that River had loved and had a child with. 

"Let's start out by asking where your daughter is Ms. Laurentis. If what you tell us is the truth, then things will go a lot better for you. If you choose to not be honest, then let's just say...you might not enjoy the outcome." Eithen stood there with his legs spread and his arms crossed over his massive chest, knowing that he posed a very intimidating image. Especially to one so little. He watched the fear and uncertainty play across her face. He just knew that she was going to try and deny knowing anything. He didn't have to wait long for the lies to start. 

"You've got the wrong person. I don't know who this lady is that you're talkin' about. My name is not whatever it was you said. This is a mistake, I don't know anything. Just let me go, please, I won't tell no one about what you did." Angelica didn't know what to do. She didn't want to admit that she fucked up where her daughter was concerned. She had to find a way out of this. She figured if she pleaded and cried enough that they would believe her. How wrong she was.

Eithen pulled a chair over and sat it in front of Angelica. Sitting down, he leaned forward with his elbows on his knees so he was eye to eye with her. He just sat there staring, watching her squirm in her seat. "I suggest you tell us what we want Angelica." He noticed how she flinched when he used her first name. 'Let's see how she reacts to all we know about her' he thought. "Yes, we know exactly who you are. We know that you are 23 years of age. We know that you were born here in the city. We know that you were involved with a man named River Addison for the last four years. That is until you decided to run off 6 months ago without warning. Taking your daughter, Raivyn with you. We know that you no longer take care of her. We know that you just gave her away when it got to be too much for you. We also know that you have substance abuse problems. What we don't know right now is where you have placed your daughter." 

Eithen sat there and let her take in all that he said. Knowing that there was no way for her to dispute any of it. He waited. By now she was sobbing, trying to catch her breath so she could respond. They knew, they knew what she had done. She couldn't get out of this. God she needed a fix. If only they would let her have her bag. If she could calm down, she would tell them everything. She just needed her stuff. Eithen noticed that Angelica kept glancing over into the corner where someone had placed her bag. "Troy, grab that bag for me will ya. Let's see what's in there that has her attention."

Troy walked over and grabbed up the bag that they took when they picked her up that morning. Opening it and taking a look inside, he saw what it was that she wanted. Troy handed the bag over to his Alpha with a smile on his face, knowing they now had what was needed to get all the information they wanted. Eithen sat back in the chair just out of Angelica's reach as she eyed the bag that he now held. Opening it up and looking in he saw what appeared to be a kit for heroin. There was a charred spoon laying in the bottom along with a lighter, hypodermic needle and three small baggies with a beige colored powder in it all tied together with a string. He could now see the signs, it had been awhile since her last fix. This was going to be easier than he thought. 

"Is this what you are wanting Angelica?" he asked as he pulled out her stash. He watched as she licked her lips and noticed the sweat that was starting to run down the side of her face. "Is it starting to hurt yet? Tell me what I want to know and I might be nice and let you have a taste." Angelica kept her eyes on what this man had in his hand. It was exactly what she needed. She could feel herself starting to shake. Could she do it? Could she tell them what she had done to her daughter? She had to, she had no choice. She knew, she knew the pain would start soon. She couldn't take the pain. "Please...I need it...please...I beg you...I'll tell whatever you want. Just...just...let me have some." 

'How fucking pathetic', Eithen thought as he waved the shit in his hand around watching her reactions the entire time. "Ok Angelica, you can have a taste. Right after you tell us where Raivyn can be located at, and we verify what you have told us. Then you can have as big a taste as you want. Does that sound like a deal? " Angelica sat there, never taking her eyes off his hand. She just nodded her head, agreeing to tell them what they wanted to know. "Sometime today, Angelica...I can hold out for a long time, but can you?"

Angelica jerked her head up and stared into steel grey eyes, knowing he would keep her from feeling better until she told them. She opened her mouth to speak but nothing came out. She swallowed a few times and tried again, the sooner she said it the sooner this man would hand over her meds. She struggled to remember exactly where and with who she left her daughter. The large man was starting to get angry, she could tell. His eyes bore into her.

"I gave her to some people...a couple...they said they would take care of her. They said they would make sure she was safe. I can tell you where they are, she's with them. They promised to love her...they did...they said they would ummm...." By this point Angelica was visibly shaking with need and was starting to ramble, but Eithen still did not have a location. "WHERE ANGELICA?" he demanded loudly as he stood to tower over her, trying to get her to focus once again. "Oh...oh...ok...sorry...ummm...They have a little place over on the corner of...ummm...uhhh...the corner of Hyatt and Depot." She sank back into the chair and wrapped her arms around herself, rocking back and forth, exhausted from trying to remember.

Eithen nodded at Troy to have him verify. "Thank you Angelica, if we find that Raivyn is there and safe, then you can have this." Waving the little bundle in front of her. "While we wait, can you tell me why Angelica? Tell me why you would give your child away to strangers? Didn't you know that there are places out there that would have helped you or even taken Raivyn in, if that is what was needed to be done?" He sat back down and waited to find out what would cause a mother to just give her child away.

Angelica sat there for a moment with tears running unchecked down her face as she looked at the floor still hugging herself. Finally, she looked up at this man and gave him what looked like a look of regret. But he would soon realize that was far from the truth.

"I...I just...I just couldn't do it anymore you know...all she did was cry for her daddy. All day long it was 'I want daddy, where's daddy, I miss daddy.' She didn't love me, didn't want me." Angelica was quiet for a moment, as if thinking about what she just said. She had dropped her gaze to the floor after that part. She looked back up with hate filled eyes this time. "Fucking brat is what she was. I was never good enough for her. 

Didn't she know what I gave up for her and that worthless piece of shit father of hers? River....HA, what a fucking joke. Ruined my life is what those two did. Said he loved me and then got me knocked up. Because of them, I lost my family and the money that I was to inherit. He promised to take care of us, he was full of shit. All he cared about was that brat. He didn't want me anymore after she was born. His life revolved around his precious little Raivyn....so I left and took the one thing that mattered the most from him. Make him suffer, stupid freak that he is. Not normal I tell ya, not normal at all." She sat there whispering to herself about how River was spooky and creepy. How his daughter was just like him. Not normal, she kept repeating over and over again.

During Angelica's little rant, Troy had returned with the confirmation of the location and that there had in fact been a little girl there that fit Raivyns' description. However, no one had seen the little girl for at least a week now. Eithen decided to torture Angelica a bit more since he was unable to retrieve Raivyn. "Angelica, listen to me ok. Raivyn is no longer with those people. Do you know where they would take her?" That made her stop talking to herself and looked up. Shaking her head no, now they wouldn't make her feel better. Raivyn had to be there, she just had to be. "Please...c'mon...I told you what I did...I told you where I left her...let me have my stuff...please...oh god...please. Not my fault she isn't there anymore. Maybe they realized how much of a brat she was and disposed of her. Maybe they sold her...please...give me my stuff..."

Eithen could not believe what he just heard come out of this woman's mouth. If he could get away with it, he would dispose of her as she so kindly put it. "No Angelica, I'm sorry I can't do that. Raivyn wasn't there, therefore you don't get this." He turned and walked out the door handing the bundle over to Troy to hold onto for the time being. Screams could be heard all through the house as her withdrawal started to really kick in.

Eithen headed back out to his truck, pulling out his cell and made a call to the only person that he could count on to find Raivyn and bring her back safely. "Hey pops, got a delicate situation that needs to be taken care of ASAP....yes sir, I'm heading your way now....ok pops, see ya in a few."

******

Back on the other side of town, River was just getting up and starting his day. He dressed for his morning run around the park and headed out the door. As soon as he started down the street he grabbed his head and fell to his knees as he was hit with an intense, blinding pain that turned his vision white. It only lasted a minute but if felt like an eternity. As the pain subsided, River got a flash of an image in his mind. RAIVYN!!