 Eithen and his parents sat there while River told them his story, they watched the emotions play across River's face as he talked about his daughter and how his ex just took off with no warning. Devon and Siobhan both gave their son a look, telling him that it was time to reveal what he knew. Eithen knew that it was going to be hard, but he really didn't have a choice now. Waiting for River to finish up, he thought about the best way to start this. From the beginning I guess,just please don't let him hate me after this. I don't think I could handle that anymore, he thought to himself.

"River, there is no need to be ashamed or embarrased by what you just revealed to us here. None of us think of you as crazy... if you say that you are getting visions of Raivyn during your episodes, then who are we to say differently. I for one believe you, as I am sure my parents do as well." Eithen said as he looked up to where his parents were sitting at the table. Pops had a serious expression on his face and Ma looked like she wanted to pull River to her and hold on til he got out all of his pain and sadness. Tightening his hold on River a bit, he knew that now was the time to let River know all that he had learned concerning Raivyn to this point.

River looked back and up into Eithen's eyes, seeing the truth there, they didn't think him crazy or unstable. He also saw something else there, something that he was unsure of how to interpret. Without breaking eye contact, he tried to pull away from where he sat in Eithen's lap. He was to comfortable there, it felt too right. 

Eithen wasn't about to let go though, he pulled him back against his chest and continued to hold on, offering support and comfort. "River, I umm... I need to tell you a few things. Things that will be hard for you to hear. Just remember that what you learn tonight, was all done for you. Can you do that for me please?" With a nod from River, Eithen began.

River couldn't believe what he was hearing, that didn't sound like something Angelica would do. It had to be wrong... it just had to be. "Are you sure Eithen? 100% positive that it was Angelica that you spoke to? That doesn't sound like her. I can't even imagine her doing something like that. I know she was kinda distant when it came to our daughter... but that... just giving her away.... I can't, I won't believe it. There has to another explanation." 

River just sat there shaking his head back and forth, not really wanting to know how Eithen found out all of this. But he needed to know... he did... he had to get his Raivyn back, he had to know that she was safe. He would deal with Eithen later for digging into his personal life. But if it helped him find his daughter, then maybe he could forgive him.... eventually.

"River, I swear to you that all I have told you came straight from Angelica herself. I wouldn't, no change that... I couldn't make something like that up. Please don't hate me for what I have done, but I needed to do it ,needed to do it for you. I knew something was going on in your life... why didn't you come to me? I would have helped you from the start. I know that I am a hard-ass at work... but am I really that unapproachable that you couldn't trust me with something this important? You know what I do, you know that I started up Sanctuary to prevent things like this from happening. You could have came to me." During all this Eithen continued to hold River and gently stroke his hand over River's hair and cheek, unaware that he was doing it.

"I know all of that Eithen, I really do... but this was me, my life, not some stranger that you felt the need to impress. Until this moment, I knew nothing of what happened to Angelica and Raivyn. That damn P.I. that I hired never had any info for me... or so he said. Wonder what he was getting for keeping his mouth shut all this time? " River wasn't sure what to think right now... he had to get away for a bit... he had to think. 

"Can you let me up please Eithen, I need to go lay down. The episodes always wear me out. I am sorry that I ruined your night. Mr. and Mrs. Donavan, I hope the next time we see one another that it goes better." Once Eithen let go, River got to his feet and made it to his room where he broke down sobbing. 

How could she? How could she do that to our daughter? That BITCH... if I ever see her again, she will be lucky to walk away. Oh baby, my beautiful Raivyn, what did mommy do? I promise you Raivyn, daddy will find you. Daddy will make it all better. With those thoughts going through his head, River fell into a restless sleep.

******

Back out in the kitchen Eithen sat at the table with his parents, going over all that had happened. From the start of the evening it had been kinda unsetteling when River froze up meeting Siobhan, to the time River left to go lay down. "Ma, tell me what that was when you got here... I know you understand what happened." 

"I do son, but I am not sure how to explain it really. I think River and I have a connection of some sort, how I don't know, but we do. He has been in my dreams for the last week or so. I never understood them. I didn't think much about them after having them, just chalking it up to strange dreams. But now... like I said, I can't explain it." Siobhan answered as the men in her life just gave her a confused look.

Eithen knew that he just added to River's turmoil, but what was he to do? River had a right to know what he did about Angelica and Raivyn. Did it ease his mind any... maybe a little, because now he no longer had to hide it, but it still weighed heavily upon Eithen. And to top it all off was this pull he felt towards River. Did River feel it as well? At times it seemed that he did, but he wasn't sure. They could work on that after they located Raivyn. She had to be first priority, and everything else would just have to be put in hold. 

"You still with us son? You look like you were a million miles away. What's going on in that head of yours?" Devon asked, already knowing the answer but wanting to see if his son would verify it for them.

"Yeah, I guess I was pops, just thinking you know. Now that we know River and his daughter have a strange connection and apparently Ma as well, maybe we can use that to help us locate Raivyn easier. Right now, we have run out of leads. She just seems to have disappeared, with no trail to follow. But, I will damn sure find one that will take us to her." Adding quietly "I have to, for River's sake." 

"Ma... pops... I talked to Doc this morning, and he said I should talk to you guys about something. That you would be able to answer any questions I may have. Do you think you could hear me out before saying anything though?" 

Devon and Siobhan looked at each other for a minute before turning back to their son and letting him know that they would do as asked.

"Ok... so here's the thing, River has worked for me now for over a year. I have been around him almost daily during that time, and until just before all of this stuff with his daughter started, I never thought of him as anything other than another employee. For some reason, I'm feeling very protective of him, I want to be near him, I want to keep him safe and happy."

With a blush he continued, "I'm starting to respond physically around him and that has never happened to me before. I am confused, scared and... I just can't do this. I can't WANT him. What am I going to do? What does it all mean? Can you fill me in here a bit please?" Eithen looked at his parents as he pleaded with them to help him. He needed to know the answers to these questions.

"Well son, that's easy for us to answer, but what do you think it all means? Think real hard on what you know about pack history, pack life, and about what you are starting to feel and then let us know what you think it means." Siobhan told her son as he sat there wanting an answer. 

Eithen did what his Ma asked of him... he thought about all he learned growing up about pack history, laws, legends, stories and then he took a good look at how he was feeling and reacting to River over the last few weeks. It only took him a few minutes to come to his conclusion... but that couldn't be... could it? Could River really be his...

Jerking his head up when he realized what it meant, he stared at his parents. "Is that even possible? I thought mates were always of the opposite sex to secure our race. Are you sure? I didn't think... I mean... really? He's my mate?" Nothing was making sense to Eithen at the moment.

"If River is my mate, that would explain the need to protect. I thought it would be an instant pull though, like as soon as I saw my mate I would know without a doubt who they were." Eithen was really getting confused now on this. If River was his mate, then why did he not know that sooner?

Devon leaned over the table and looked his son in the eye, making sure that he had his full attention before he explained what has happened. "Eithen, son, it doesn't always work that way. With two weres it's an instant connection, however, when it comes to finding your mate as human... well then it can get a bit dicey. You may not have realized that River was your mate, but your wolf has always known it.

I bet if you think back to when he was hired and started working for you, that you would start to see things that you thought were just insignificant. Did you have to keep him close? Did you have to know where he was? Did you feel like something was not right once he left and you couldn't see him? Think about it tonight. I bet ya that the answers you seek will become clear."

Eithen couldn't get his mind to wrap around the fact that he had a mate, and not just any mate, but River as his mate. How the hell is he supposed to deal with that? How could fate do this to him? His mate is a straight man. Fucked up is what it is. He had to just ignore his instincts and concentrate on Raivyn right now. After walking his parents out, Eithen went into his office and picked up the phone calling Troy to see if they had anything new. He had to get his mind on other things right now.   

******  

River woke up the next morning confused and disoriented, not remembering where he was. Once he did, the previous night rushed back to him, making him curl up and start sobbing again. What he learned couldn't be real, but he somehow knew that it was... all of it was true. Angelica taking off with Raivyn, getting into the drugs and not wanting to take care of their daughter anymore, just giving her away like an unwanted pet. 

Then with all of that, there was this pull he felt towards Eithen. That scared him, he has never looked at a man in that way before. So why now, why his boss of all people? He would just ignore those feelings for now. He needed to concentrate on Raivyn first and foremost. They had to find a way to find her. Between all of them they should have a better chance now. He hoped anyways.

After getting up and dressed he headed to the kitchen where he could smell bacon and eggs cooking and the oh so wonderful aroma of fresh made coffee. "I hope there's enough coffee there for me, or you might not like me to well this morning." River commented as he walked into the kitchen and startling Eithen. "Sorry, didn't mean to sneak up on ya Eithen. I will be sure to make plenty of noise next time I come into a room with you, don't need ya to burn yourself or anything like that now do we?" River said with a little laugh in his voice.

"You seem to be feeling a bit better this morning River, and yes, there is plenty of coffee here for you.Please help yourself to anything you want while here. How are you holding up after last night? I know it must have been hard for you to hear, but you needed to know what I did. I'm just sorry that I couldn't give you any real answers. However, I did find out after speaking to one of my men last night that they have a new lead that may pan out for us. I should hear back sometime in the next few hours. Until then, try and relax. Yeah, I know... easier said than done... but for me... please try." 

Eithen watched as River's shoulders drooped a bit and started to shake. Before he knew it, he was around the counter and had River in his arms, just holding him while he cried. Eithen wasn't sure how long they stood there like that, but it felt so right holding him like this. But he couldn't think of that right now. Raivyn came first, after they find her then he can explore his options where River is concerned.

"Umm... thanks, again Eithen. It seems like all you do anymore is take care of me when I fall. Thank you, I mean that. You have proven to me time and again over the last few days that you are nothing like I had you built up in my mind. And for that I apologize, I shouldn't have made assumpions on your personal behaviour based solely on how you are in the office." River opened his eyes and realized that he was still holding onto Eithen. Letting go, he slowly backed up and turned to grab a mug for some much needed coffee. 

"Do you think we can go over what you have today, I need to find her Eithen. She's my life, I have to get her back. I don't care what it will cost, or what I might have to sacrifice, there is no price to high to ensure the return of my daughter." 

Eithen stood there, taking in all that River was saying, he was impressed to say the least with his ability to try and hold it all together to get done what needed to be done. Then again, it didn't really come as a shock, this here is the River that he hired. The confident, get the job done no matter what, young man that he first met a year ago and just knew that he was the one he had to hire.

On the inside River was terrified, but he wasn't about to let that show. He had to be strong if they had any chance of getting his daughter home safe where she belonged. But that wasn't the only thing that had him shaking. All these feelings and thoughts were bombarding him anytime he was within touching distance of his boss. He couldn't think about that right now though, he had to think of his daughter.

"Yeah, that's fine River. Let's get some food in us and then we can head back into my office. I have everything in there that we have uncovered." 

River was relieved a bit that he had Eithen on his side for this situation. He knew if anyone could find her, it was Eithen. He was the type of man that got what he wanted, and right now he wanted to find her. River knew that nothing or no one would stand in the way of Mr. Donavan once he really got started. He was a very intimidating man when he wanted to be.

With breakfast out of the way, they headed back to Eithen's office where he pulled out a file thick with papers and notes. He handed it over to River to look at while he made a few more calls to see where they were on the new lead. River spent the next hour going over all the information while still trying to hear what Eithen was finding out from his people. As he read the report on the "interrogation" of Angelica, it about made him sick. He needed to take a break after that. He got up and paced the floor for a bit, waiting for Eithen to finish his call. As soon as he hung up River was questioning him.

"Well, what did they find out? Did they locate her yet? Please tell me they have..." and with that River collapsed into the chair. Eithen once again was there to help catch him. They just sat there with River in Eithen's lap. They both knew that it was wrong, that they shouldn't allow themselves to get into situations like this. They couldn't stop it though, they had to be near each other. And if that meant that Eithen was holding River, then so be it.

River turned his head a bit to look back at Eithen, just gazing into his eyes. He could see all kinds of emotions in play, all of which scared him. He couldn't help how his body reacted though. Eithen was thinking the same as he looked into River's eyes, his beautiful brown eyes. He watched River for any indication that he should stop what he was about to do.

Seeing only confusion, he slowly lowered his head. Bringing his mouth closer to River's, making sure he gave him plenty of time to move or change his mind. Once Eithen realized that River wasn't going anywhere he lightly brushed his lips against Rivers. Just a gentle touch, a barely there kiss. He kept his eyes locked with River's the entire time. It felt like heaven, so soft, so warm, so right. This is where he belonged. 

River sat there, watching as Eithen lowered his head, he knew what was about to happen, but he didn't care. He was confused, but he wasn't scared anymore. Being here in Eithen's arms felt right, it felt like coming home. He needed to know what it would feel like to have those lips against his. As soon as he felt Eithen's breath across his skin, he knew he had to have more. 

After that first little taste, he surprised himself and Eithen it seemed by initiating the next kiss. This one was harder, more exploratory, but just as right as the first one. Wrapping his arms around Eithen's neck he turned more to get a better taste of this man. He knew that this is what he had been missing, why he never felt complete in any of his relationships. Was River actually gay? Or was it just Eithen? He didn't care at this point. He needed to be held, comforted, even loved by this man.

Eithen couldn't believe that River was responding as he was. He was expecting to get punched at least, not kissed back with such vigor and emotion. Maybe River just needed the emotional and physical support that Eithen was offering up to him. He wasn't about to complain, he just hoped that River didn't regret what was happening once he thought about it. 

As Eithen was getting ready to wrap his arms around River to pull him in closer the phone rang, interrupting what they had started. The intrusion seemed to be the thing that finally brought River from his emotionally charged trance. He hopped out of the chair and walked over the the window, wrapping his arms around himself as he stared into the backyard. 

What was I thinking? What was I doing? I'm not gay, I'm not. I can't be... can I? OH GOD!!! With Eithen, my boss. I can't let that happen again. But it felt so good, so right. What is it about that man, that I can't seem to resist? NEVER, have I been attracted to men, never. River stood there questioning himself and his actions while he waited for Eithen to finish up. Not even realizing that he had raised his hand and was tracing his lips where just minutes ago, Eithen's had been. 

The only thought in his head by then was that it was right, that it was where he was meant to be, that Eithen was the person that he needed in his life. Nothing else mattered except finding Raivyn and bringing her home. He needed her home so he could feel complete once again. Whatever happened between him and Eithen from this point forward would just have to happen as fate had mapped out. He wasn't going to run from him, but he sure as hell wasn't going to make it easy for Eithen either.