 I was 19 years old and the glare of the computer screen gave a warm glow to my darkened dorm room. The door was locked, and I finally had the opportunity to spend a little time with myself. Flicking through the familiar images of big breasted women inhaling giant cocks of shaved muscular men, my constrained cock began to pulsate in my boxers. I slowly started to undress myself; first exposing my muscular hairy chest to the air and then slowly removing my pants allowing my rock hard cock to slap against my stomach. I pulled my cock into my hand and with a sigh of relief moved my hand up and down the length of my shaft.

As soon as I had started, an IM flashed across the screen from an unfamiliar name. Its initial text revealed its intent as it stated, "I loved your pics, how would you like to get together sometime? - Jim" Over the summer I had set up an account on an internet dating site, however my interest in it had faded since returning to school. Already horny, my interest was piqued and I initiated what soon turned out to be a steamy conversation. Jim was a male in his late 20's and lived in the local area. While I had never partaken in male/male intercourse, the thought of it was always titillating and never failed to garner an erection. I still dated and slept with girls, however something inside craved for the opportunity to suck, and eventually fuck a cock. We both decided to exchange pictures, and my 5'10" solid athletic frame, short brown hair, hairy masculine chest, and rock hard 7 inch cock winking at the camera turned him on as his picture did to me. I began to fantasize about taking his thick cock into my mouth and used the end of a grey goose bottle to fulfil my phallic needs. Grabbing some lotion, I lubed the end of the bottle and slowly moved it into my anus, hitting my prostate with the familiar satisfaction I had felt on several occasions. After a few more steamy sentences with this new acquaintance, my cock began to throb as the grey goose bottle pushed against my prostate and before I knew it strings of cum were splashing on the ground below.

Soon, conversations with Jim became more frequent, and he soon offered the opportunity to meet up in person at his ski house in the mountains. On one random Wednesday night, I nervously heeded his offer, and began the somewhat lengthy drive to his abode. Along the way, my brain and body were in a constant battle. My brain told me that I was a straight man, and should in no reason go to this near-random guy's house to take it in the ass. Overwhelming these thoughts was the massive erection in my pants, with precum already creating a sizeable stain in my pants. Upon arrival, I gathered my confidence and rang the doorbell and was greeted by Jim. Jim was about 6'2" with short brown hair, a slender body, and a good looking face. What I craved most however, was the 8 inch snake I knew was there lurking underneath the surface. He cordially invited me in, and showed me into his living room. As soon as I entered, I was shocked to see a beautiful woman with shoulder length blond hair and a curvaceous body to die for sitting nude on the couch with her grey-blue eyes focused lasciviously on the TV where a porno was playing.

Confidently, the blonde introduced herself as Julie, a "friend" of Jims. I turned to Jim and he had a sly smile on his face, and as I looked down, a sizeable tent in his pants. Catching my glance downwards, Julie said from the couch, "I hear how you've been craving a cock in your mouth, now is the time!"

I quickly heeded her request and soon found myself on my knees, unbuckling Jim's pants with my slightly trembling hands. Pulling down both his boxers and pants in one quick move, his erection sprang free from its confines. Slowly, I extended my hand and touched my first cock. Its thickness and warmth enveloped my hand, and soon my only thoughts were on the beautiful gift presented in front of me. I moved my hand down his shaft, and heard the slight gasp from Jim above. Now with full intensity and lust, I enveloped his cock into my mouth, swirling the head with my tongue. I pulled all the moves that I love done to me, teasing his cock with my tongue while gently caressing my hand over his sizeable balls. I withdrew my mouth and pulled gently on his cock and a drip of precum settled on the tip. I quickly licked it up, its saltiness and sweetness differing ever so slightly from my own flavour. 

Consumed as I was with Jim, I looked over to the couch and saw Julie with her head thrown back and the fingers of her right hand fiddling with her clit. I could almost smell her from where I was standing a couple of feet away, and as she looked up from her own bliss she beckoned my over with a slight pull of her left finger. Abiding, I moved my way over to her and softly kissed her full red lips, swirling my tongue with hers. I slowly moved my way down her body, hitting the spots I knew would garner a quick gasp, and teased her clit with my tongue. Jim moved over next to Julie and fed her his member while I, still fully clothed, flicked my tongue gently over Julie's engorged clit. Her hips were bucking in my face as I slowly entered my index finger into her and used the same beckoning motion she did to me to hit her gspot. Her gasps barely escaped from her mouth as Jim's cock filled it, however as her body shivered on my hand and lips she ripped free of Jim and erotically whispered, "Keep going baby, I'm cuming right now," and her voice escalated nearly to a shout as she came.

Satisfied for the moment, Julie moved over to me and nearly ripped the clothing from my body. My cock at this point was aching, and to be finally freed into the open air was a relief. She combed her fingers through my chest, feeling my carved chest and abs, and quickly moved her mouth onto my cock. Sighing, I reclined sank into the chair as Julie proceeded to suck me passionately. Only a few moments later, a new sensation tickled me from below and I looked and saw Jim working my cock into his mouth with Julie grabbing his cock with one hand and licking the area between my balls and asshole. Jim sucked my cock like no girl ever had before. It was not nearly as sensuous, but instead he worked my cock with more vigor, and the sensation of him sucking my cock like no women ever had and the sight of Julie caused me to tremble as I released load after load into Jim's mouth. As soon as I finished cuming, Julie and Jim's mouths locked, and I could see my cum dripping sloppily from their chins as they continued to embrace.

This site alone spurred me back into action, however, Julie looked at me with a conniving eye and told me to turn around. Nervous, but also excited at what was to come, I turned around on the sofa presenting my ass in the air.

"I think he's going to like this," Jim exclaimed. After a brief pause, I felt a tongue swirling around my hole, an experience I had never felt before and soon found myself loving! Unsure, and rather uncaring of whose mouth it was, I basked in the feeling until I felt one finger slowly insert into me. At this point I was so horny that I was pushing my ass back into the finger; grinding it deeper into my hole.

"He's definitely excited!! I think he's ready for you to fuck him Jim! But first, I want to hear him beg for what he wants...What do you want Eric? Do you want this fat cock in your ass?"

"Fuck me," I whispered.

"Oh I think you can do better than that!"

"FUCK ME NOW WITH YOUR FUCKING COCK. I NEED TO FEEL YOU INSIDE ME!" I screamed.

At that moment, I felt Jim's cock press against my asshole. Nothing this thick or long had ever been this close, and his head pushing against my anal ring seemed like it could never fit. However, everything inside me needed his cock, so I slowly began to push against him as he pushed against me. With a near popping sound, he entered into me. My insides burned, however with each inch I only wanted more.

"Look at him...He's loving it!" Julie exclaimed. Jim slowly started to pick up his energy, each thrust pushing against my prostrate and filling my insides. The burning soon turned into pure pleasure, and I was screaming with ecstasy at the pinnacle of each thrust, "FUCK ME...FUCK ME!" Jim continued to thrust hitting my prostrate and the feeling of his balls and pelvis slapping me with each thrust sent me into another world. On one full thrust, Jim picked me up and at down with me still on his cock. "BOUNCE ON ME!" he yelled.

In control for the first time, I slowly began to bounce on his cock with my own raging erection bobbing up and down with each movement. Julie, masturbating in the chair across the way, sauntered over as I bobbed up and down on Jim's throbbing cock and took my cock into her mouth. Within moments I began to tense up as the feelings were overwhelming. Jim must of felt my excitement, as he grabbed my ass and held me in place as he began to thrust inside me with full force. With one last push, I came in torrents over Julie's breasts as Jim filled my bowels with his seed. I could barely make out the sounds of his own orgasm over the rush of my own. Exhausted, I lifted myself off of his softening cock into the embrace of Julie, completely satisfied with taking my first cock.

My break wasn't long however, as Julie exclaimed, "Now I need to get mine!" and she grabbed us both by our cocks and pulled us into the bedroom...(for another story if demand exists!)

Feel free to email me and chat. Let me know what you liked and if you want some more!!