 "Ma, I love you and all but this better be a life or death situation or I WILL hang up and call you back later." Eithen hated the fact that he had to interrupt what River had been doing to his body, but his mother only called if it was important. There was no way he could ignore it even if he had wanted to.

"Don't you take that tone with me Eithen Alexander Donovan! You know darn well I wouldn't call you unless I really had the need to."

"I know Ma, I'm sorry. What can I do for you today?" Eithen asked as he watched River get up and start to pace. This call needed to be quick. He really wanted to pick back up where he and River had left off at.

"Eithen, ever since I realized River and I were sharing dreams I started thinking," she hesitated for a few seconds. "There is a part of our family history that you never knew about and it was never recorded in the Pack archives for certain reasons. I promise to tell you about that later though. If what I think is going on is right, then you need to make sure that you really listen to River when he has an episode or even talks about one of his dreams. It is very important that you get any and all details that you can Eithen."

"Ma, I already have my own ideas when it comes to you and the dreams. As far as listening to River, I already do Ma. He has told me about his dreams in vivid detail and from what he has told me, well, let's just say that there is no way that I couldn't pay attention. Whatever it is that is causing him to see what he does is hurting him Ma. I need to find a way to make it stop. I can't stand to see him in pain like that." 

Eithen glanced back over at River, he couldn't seem to keep his eyes off of the man for more than a few minutes. When River moved, it was with an elegance that made his eyes follow all the curves and lines of his body. The thought of seeing all of that beauty and grace vanish in a flash and be replaced by pain and suffering was something Eithen did not want to endure if he could help it. He would give anything to take the pain and make it his own. Eithen tuned back into what his mother was saying as he pulled his eyes away from River and what he was doing.

"Eithen listen to me, I'm thinking that I may be connected to River's little girl in some way as well. My main purpose for calling you has to do with her. I fell asleep earlier in the chair waiting for your father to get back and I had a dream not too different from the ones I have shared with River. This one was a little different though."

"What did you see Ma?" Eithen was worried now by the way his mother sounded. "You sound scared."

"I dreamt of a little girl, she was around 3 or 4 and had long black hair. She was hiding in a house that looked to be empty. I could see everything that was going on around her along with what the others in the house were doing. If it is Raivyn that I truly saw then you need to find her and do it fast son. From what I saw, she is safe... for now. I was able to see and hear things she couldn't and I tried to lead her out. She's in danger Eithen, the ones that hold her plan to sell her to some man. If he arrives to collect," her voice seemed to falter, "I am afraid that she may be lost to us forever." 

Eithen could hear his mother trying to muffle her cries on the other end, whatever it was that she saw...he didn't know if he wanted to think about. "What else can you tell me Ma, there's more isn't there?" 

"No son, at least nothing else that I saw, just a feeling that I have. You need to promise me Eithen, promise me that if River has another of his episodes or he has anymore dreams that you get him to give you as many details from them. I know his episodes are painful son, I know it hurts you to see him like that, but you need to talk him through it. Hold him tight, support him, but ask questions. 

"River and his daughter have a bond between them Eithen. A bond so strong that I think she is the cause of his pain. She is trying to reach out to River and he doesn't know what it is or how to control it. I guarantee you that he will have another one soon. Raivyn was talking to her daddy in my dream. Keep an eye on him son. I need to go now, just remember that your father and I are here for you and your future mate. We love you Eithen."

Eithen stared at the phone in his hand after his Ma hung up, he had so many questions, but they had to wait. Right now, all he wanted was to feel River in his arms again. Just as he was about to go pull River back into what was interrupted he heard River start to moan and then fall to his knees. He was by River's side in a matter of seconds. Eithen held him in his arms, stroking his hair and rocking him gently as the attack ran its course. 

Eithen whispered softly, "Hey baby, I got you. I'm right here, I'm not letting you go. Can you talk to me baby? What are you seeing? Is it Raivyn, is that who you see?" 

River shook his head. "Not seeing anything. It's dark, so dark, I can hear her, my baby girl. OH FUCK Eithen, make it stop please. The pain, make it stop." 

"If I could baby, I would take it all from you. Talk to me River, share with me what you're hearing. What is she saying, can you make it out?" Eithen continued to hold River tight in his arms while trying to get him to describe what was happening to him.

River tried his best to speak as the pain raged through his head. Whatever it was about Eithen, it helped to be wrapped up in his embrace. He felt the strength and security of Eithen's arms as they held him, like a protective barrier blocking out the worst of it. This time he didn't see anything, it was just a voice... her voice. 

"Just a few words here and there... it's like being in a tunnel... it's faint and distant sounding. She's calling for me though. 'Daddy...love...need... the rest is just jumbled up." River tried to make sense out of what he had heard. "Something about a lady and being told it was ok to runaway. I need to find her Eithen, help me find my baby girl."

River buried his face into Eithen's chest and just took comfort in knowing that he had someone there for him. Someone that believed what was happening and didn't think him crazy. He knew that his life would never be the same again, but he didn't let that bother him. All he wanted was his daughter back safe and in his arms while he was in Eithen's. 

Eithen listened to what River said while he thought about everything his Ma had told him. He couldn't dispute any of it. What River said he heard and what his Ma told him fit together perfectly. Maybe he had been wrong to take River away from where he had gone earlier. He had been trying to talk to Raivyn and it had been his dreams that led River to the edge of town. But how could that be, it was Eithen that had dreamt about the park and the trail and the abandoned house, not River. He never told River about that dream because it had been so real, 'Unless... Oh shit.' he realized that they had shared that dream, both of them, together. 

"River, baby, do you remember the dream you had about the park and the trail and the wolf? Was it because of that dream that you went to the edge of town earlier?" Eithen tilted River's head up to look into his eyes as he asked and watched the confusion cross River's face. Eithen saw the slight nod of River's head before he continued. "Did you feel her there River? Is that where you think Raivyn is at?" 

Again, he saw a slight nod of River's head. If they had shared the dream, then he needed to trust in what they had both seen and felt. Eithen had just dismissed it before, he should have known it wasn't just a simple dream. "River, I'm sorry I brought you back here." As soon as he said it, he knew it had come out wrong. Especially if the look on River's face was anything to go by. Anger, pure and simple. 

"I knew it. I fucking knew it. What kind of game are you trying to play with me here Eithen?" River pulled out of Eithan's embrace. "One minute you want me then the next you are sorry that you ever brought me here. Let me remind you that it was YOUR idea that I come here. I tried to fight you on it. But NO, you just had to have it your way." 

Eithen got up and tried to pull River back into his arms but he sidestepped him and moved to the other side of the bed. "Baby that is not what I was saying, you didn't let me finish." Eithen pleaded with his eyes for River to listen.

"Don't give me that Baby bullshit Eithen! I was starting to TRUST you. I was starting to let you in. HA! What a fool I was. Eithen, I feel things with you that I have never experienced before. Until a few days ago I had NEVER looked at another man. I had NEVER been curious. Then you get close to me. In my personal space and YOU become all that I can look at. WHAT... THE... FUCK... ARE... YOU?" 

Eithen just stood there and waited for River to get done with his little rant. "Are you done now? Can I speak? Good, now shut up and let me explain what I was saying BEFORE you went off." Eithen went from wanting to hold River in his arms to wanting to strangle him. River could push his buttons and rile him up quicker than anyone else. 

"As I was saying before you jumped to conclusions, I am sorry that I brought you back here earlier. I should have listened to you instead of trying to make you do what I wanted. I won't do that again. From now on when it comes to you and your daughter, we can do things your way. I also think that WE need to get back over to the edge of town and do a search of the houses and buildings there for any clues that may lead us to Raivyn."

River felt like shit, he had always been the type to think the worst and then let it take him where it shouldn't. He knew that Eithen hadn't been done talking but he had stopped him anyways. Maybe it was his own fears and insecurities that made him lash out the way he had. From the start of it all, Eithen had been nothing but supportive in his own way. And here River was, trying to push away the one person he could count on. River lowered his head and refused to look at Eithen. He would make it up to Eithen somehow, someway. 

"I'm sorry." River whispered. "I know you have done nothing but try to help and to make sure that I stay safe while we find a way to get Raivyn back. I overreacted, I tend to do that a lot, so you might want to get used to it." River turned his back to Eithen, he felt lost all of a sudden and he didn't like it. Then he felt those arms again, those wonderful arms that made him feel safe, that made him believe that everything would be ok. River let out a breath and leaned back, allowing Eithen to support him in every way. Even with all his doubts and questions, he could not fight the fact that nothing felt more right than being wrapped in Eithan's loving embrace.

River stayed there, content to just be held for awhile. He was so exhausted from everything. He tried to clear his mind and just relax but there was one thing that still bugged him. He had to ask. "Eithen?"

"Yeah," Eithen whispered as he lowered his head and rested it on River's shoulder. He just needed to feel that connection. Nothing more than the quiet intimacy of holding River tight as they looked out the window into the darkening night.

"I need to know and I think by now I have a right to know. What are you?" River felt the slight shift and then Eithen's body go rigid for a moment before he let out a heavy sigh. 

"You're right River, you do have a right to know. I was trying to find the best time to talk to you about that and some other things. You had enough going on with Raivyn and I didn't think you needed anymore to weigh you down." Eithen let go and took River by the hand and hoped that his revelation wasn't too much for River to take. He just needed to figure out where to start. 

Eithen led River out and down the hall to his office. If he was going to reveal all to River, his mate, then he sure as hell would need a drink to do it. What would he do if River couldn't or wouldn't accept him? They knew that River was different already, but dreams and visions were not unheard of. The world was full of so-called psychics, but Eithen would be revealing a world to River that had remained unknown to non-paras. Talk of shifters and were-creatures, would River just think him insane?

"You want a drink? I need a drink." River shook his head, he could tell that Eithen was trying as hard as he could to stall.

"Eithen, we can hold off on this if you want for now. Tell me when YOU are ready, not just because I asked. I have already accepted that you, like myself, are somehow not exactly normal. Neither of us know what I am, but you," River paused to think of what to say, "there is a story there that I want to learn. What we have Eithen, I don't think it is going to change. And if what you have to tell me makes you think I am going to run the other direction, then let me assure you," he looked directly into Eithan's worried eyes, "right here, right now, no matter what it is, I can handle it. As long as you are there to catch me if I should fall. Again." The last was said with a teasing little smirk as River pulled Eithen down next to him on the couch and gave him a gentle kiss. 

Eithen stared into River's eyes, squeezed his hand and began. "Well, let me start out by saying that I am not what I appear to be."

****

Raivyn stopped, afraid to turn around and see who's hand was on her shoulder. She could see out the bottom half of the window. So close to the outside. She let the tears fall, she would never feel safe again. Never feel her daddy's arms around her. This was her chance to run away from the bad people but it was too late. Someone had found her. "I'm sorry daddy, I tried to get away to find you. I love you daddy." Raivyn closed her eyes and saw her daddy standing there and she cried harder. 

"Shhhh, little one, I'm not going to hurt you, I promise." The man behind her whispered. 

Raivyn wasn't sure if this was just another mean joke, but this man felt different than the others. She slowly turned her head and looked up at a really tall man. He was much taller than her daddy. He reached out and brushed away her tears as he squatted down to be on the same level as she was. He just let her look at him and take in his features, the kindness in his eyes and the gentle smile on his lips.

"Are you real?" She had to make sure. It felt like she could trust him, and she was starting to listen to her feelings. He pressed a finger to her mouth to silence any other words and nodded. He stood back up and reached out for Raivyn to take his hand. She hesitated, but only for a moment as she closed her eyes and told her daddy that a nice man was there to help her, that she would be ok. She took hold of the man's hand and together they walked out the door. 

"Hurry little one, we need to go before they see us out here in the yard." They made it to the side of the house where they could see the tree line for the woods. That was where they needed to go. He would have to carry her to lessen the chance of being spotted. "Ok little one, hold on tight, it's gonna be a bumpy ride." Then tall man smiled as he picked her up and started to run towards the woods that lay ahead of them. 

Raivyn watched the house as they ran, she saw the sleeping man run out with a gun in his hand. She watched it all happen like it was in slow motion. The bad man shot at them, once, twice, both just missed them. The third shot hit it's mark and the nice tall man stumbled and fell to his knees. "Go little one, run as fast as you can. Go into the woods and do not be afraid of what you see in there. I will be there to get you when I can. Just keep running and do not stop. Now go my little one, go."

Raivyn ran as fast as her little legs would go. She never looked back but she heard what sounded like a dog barking and growling. She just kept running like the tall man told her. She knew to trust him. She ran until she fell and couldn't get back up. Raivyn sat there on the ground and waited. He said he would find her. He said not to be afraid. She turned around when she heard a rustling in the weeds behind her. What she saw was beautiful. She had no need to fear it. She reached out her hand and waited for it to approach, never breaking eye contact.