 "Ok you little brat, we know you're hiding in here somewhere. Don't think that you can get away from us that easily. When we find you, you won't be sneaking out again. After today you will be someone else's problem. Thank God... you have been nothin' but trouble for us, and we sure as hell don't need the cops snoopin' around again. Now I suggest you get your little ass out here before you really make us angry."

Raivyn woke up to voices close to where she had been hiding. The mean people were looking for her, they realized she had slipped out of her room. They couldn't find her, she wouldn't let them so she held her breath and tried to not make a sound. Raivyn had to be patient, she had to get away and find her daddy. That thought brought parts of her dream back to her as she waited for the mean people to go away. If only her dreams were real, she still felt his arms wrapped around her, protecting her. Raivyn whispered softly to herself, "Daddy, where are you... Please... I need you... I'm scared." 

She could hear them just outside of the cabinet she was in. She closed her eyes and waited for the door to open and to be found, but it never happened. She heard them walk away and the door to the room close. Did they really give up that easy? Were they just trying to fool her into thinking they actually left when they were really just waiting for her to come out? Raivyn didn't know what to think about it, so she did what she always did, she closed her eyes again and thought of her daddy.

"Daddy I don't know what to do. Do I just stay here and hide or should I get out and try to runaway?" She knew she was being a silly little girl talking to her daddy when he wasn't really there, but it made her feel better anyways. She could pretend that he was there to answer her questions like he always did before her mommy took her away from him. Raivyn felt the tears start to fall but didn't bother to wipe them away. What was the point? They would just continue to fall until she was back where she belonged. 

She waited for what felt like forever before she decided to be brave and sneak a peek out into the room. Not seeing anyone or hearing anything, Raivyn crawled out of where she had been hiding and looked around again for another way out other than the door. All of the windows had bars on them and there was only the one door. She didn't have much of a choice but to go back out the door and hope that the mean people were gone. As she went to reach for the handle she heard a woman's voice in her head telling her to hide again quickly. That it wasn't safe yet to go out there. Raivyn did as she was told like a good little girl. As she closed the door to her hiding spot a man walked back into the big room and stood by the door, he was there to stand guard.

******

Eithen stood there with the man that fate had determined was his, wrapped in his arms. Was he willing to give his all to River? Would River even accept it? It was a chance he wanted to take with every inch of his body. He wanted to taste that mouth again, run his tongue along that lower lip and nibble until it opened and allowed him access. He wanted to feel River's arms wrapped around him and hear him moan in pleasure. Could he take the offer that was being presented to him? He lowered his head and placed a hesitant kiss against River's waiting mouth. He heard himself groan from just that simple touch. 

Eithen felt a buzz of electricity hum through his body. He pulled River tighter to him, but he just couldn't seem to get close enough. One hand was placed on River's lower back, the other holding the back of River's neck keeping him in place. Eithen needed this man like he needed the air he breathed, never again would he be without his mate. 

River stared into Eithen's eyes, he had never felt like this before. He wasn't even able to explain what it was that he felt. All he knew was that this man holding him made River rethink everything he thought about himself. When Eithen had kissed him, it took his breath away. As their lips touched, he felt that same spark... that connection he had in his dreams with his wolf.

After the first touch, hesitation no longer had a meaning. Mouths tasted, hands roamed and bodies rubbed together, as they both tried to get as close to the other as possible. Before River knew what happened Eithen had him pressed against the wall nipping at his neck, working his way down to where it met his shoulder. River threw his head back as a moan escaped his lips, he never wanted this feeling to end. Eithen's hands seemed to be everywhere at once, skimming down his back, brushing against his chest and grabbing his hips to increase the pressure building between them.

Eithen couldn't get enough, he had to touch and taste everywhere he could reach. He ran his tongue along the side of River's neck as he pressed the lower half of their bodies together, grinding and thrusting. He slid his hands under River's shirt, he needed to feel skin. 

River felt Eithen glide his hands across his skin, causing a wave of pleasure to course through him. He brought his hands up to grab the front of Eithen's shirt and before he could think about it he twisted around, now Eithen was the one against the wall. 

"If we are doing this, we are going to do things my way," whispered River just before he claimed Eithen's mouth with his own. He ran his hands slowly down the front of Eithen's chest and rested them at the top of his jeans. 

They stood there wrapped together, giving and taking, neither knew where one started or the other ended. They both felt the connection with every swipe of tongue, brush of skin and each breath shared, like a continuous flow of electricity. Both were headed for an overload, ready to explode. It was too much, all the raw passion mixed with the emotional stress. River and Eithen knew they were about to cross a line but neither cared. The only sounds in the room were gasps for breath, soft moans and low growls; no words were needed between them. 

River wasn't sure what came over him, all he knew is that he needed to take charge of what was happening or chance Eithen thinking that he could control every aspect of his life. That was something that he was not about to let happen. 

Eithen was stunned for a moment when River turned things around and he found himself against the wall. How had he lost control of the situation? Any questions or concerns he had, vanished as River forced his tongue into Eithen's mouth. When River told him they were doing things his way, Eithen's body responded like it never had before. From the moment River pushed him against the wall, his cock was hard and straining for release. For once Eithen would gladly give up his control, to this man and only this man, his mate. But would his wolf allow it?

River heard the low growls that came from Eithen as he took the lead. He felt them vibrate in his chest and they turned him on like nothing else had. He pulled the bottom of Eithen's shirt up as he glided his hands over Eithen's body while he placed little nips and bites along Eithen's neck and shoulder. If the low growls and little moans were anything to go by, Eithen enjoyed what River was doing.

He pulled back and looked up into Eithen's eyes. What he saw there made his breath catch. River could see the lust, the desire and the passion, but that was not what made him take another step back away from Eithen. There was no way that River was imagining the fact that Eithen's eyes were glowing. Fucking glowing, what the hell.

"What are you?" River whispered while he stared into those amazing eyes that drew him in every time.

"Later baby, later I will explain it all to you. I promise. Not now, it's not time yet." Eithen replied as he gently pulled River back up against him. River just nodded, and then claimed Eithen's mouth once again. They stood there and rocked against one another, they tasted, they touched and they explored. River grabbed Eithen by the hand and started towards the bed when Eithen's phone started to ring.

******

Raivyn didn't know how much time had passed since the man came into the room but she knew that she was getting tired again. Maybe she would just sit there and close her eyes for a bit. She was about to close the door to her hiding place all the way when the man started walking towards where she was. She scooted back farther and made sure not to make a sound as she watched him stop just outside of where she was and pick up two of the boxes and carry them back over next to the door. The man stacked them up and then sat down, falling asleep soon after. She could hear the man snoring and that made her feel a little better.

Raivyn had just wrapped her arms around her little legs and laid her head on top of them as she closed her eyes when she heard the woman's voice again in her head. 'Now my little black bird, go quietly while you can, but hurry.' Raivyn felt like she could trust the voice of the woman, so she did as she was told. 

Before opening the door to her hiding place, Raivyn closed her eyes and thought of her daddy again. It made her feel safe when she did this, so she talked to him even if he wasn't really there to hear her. 'Daddy I love you and I need you. The nice lady is telling me that it is ok to sneak away from the bad people now. I know that you will find me soon daddy. I have to go now.'

Raivyn slowly climbed down from where she had hidden and tiptoed over to the door, the man never moved, he just kept on snoring really loudly. 'Hurry my little black bird while it is still safe to get out.' 

Once Raivyn was out the door and back into the big room she headed over to the stairs and made her way into the kitchen. From here she didn't know what to do or where to go. She wondered if she could talk to the nice lady so she tried by asking a question.

'Ma'am, where should I go now? How do I get out?' 

While she waited to see if the lady would answer Raivyn shut the door that led back down to the basement and turned the lock that was under the handle. She couldn't hear anyone else moving around the house but knew that she needed to hurry before the mean people found her again.

'Go to the back door my little black bird, but hurry, they come.' 

Raivyn turned back around and saw the door that would take her outside over by the sink. She hurried over and tried the handle, but it wouldn't open. "Please, please open." She tried again and again but it wouldn't open. She started to get scared, she just knew that the mean people were going to come in and find her.

Raivyn took a step back and looked at the door for a second. She closed her eyes and thought about being outside, playing in the park with the sun shining down on her. With her eyes closed she walked back up to the door and reached for the handle. This time she turned the handle the other way and heard a click. As Raivyn was just about to open it and walk out and away from the mean people a hand landed on her shoulder.

******

What a time for the damn phone to ring. River said to ignore it as he continued to head towards the bed with Eithen in tow. The ringing stopped as they reached it and River not so gently pushed Eithen down onto his back. River just stood there by the side of the bed and looked down at this mountain of a man that had made him take a closer look at his life and himself. He had no clue what he was about to do, he just knew that he needed to be with Eithen. He raked his eyes slowly down the length of Eithen's body as he worked the buttons of his shirt open.

Eithen leaned up on his elbows as he laid there on the bed watching River take his sweet time to remove his shirt. If it was up to him it would have already been ripped off of his delectable body, but this was River's show. He followed River's hands from one button to the next until he reached the last and let his shirt slide off to the floor. It took everything in Eithen to stay where he was and not get up to claim what was his. His eyes roamed over River's bare chest, stopping at the little brown nubs that were already pebbled up and begging to be tasted. Eithen's tongue darted out and ran across his lips as he visually devoured the site before him. "Come here River," he whispered.

River hesitated for a moment before he took a step towards the bed. He could do this, whatever this was. "That shirt needs to go Eithen, I suggest you take it off." 

Eithen stared at him, knowing that it wasn't as suggestion but a command. He sat up and proceeded to pull off his top, tossing it to the floor with River's. "Now what River? Tell me what you want."

"I think you have that backwards Eithen...I ask the questions and I give the commands right now. All you have to do is what you are told." River stated in a voice that was low and breathy. He saw the shudder that went through Eithen and that pleased him. River took another step closer so he was able to reach out and touch Eithen. He ran one hand through Eithen's hair while the other traced the lines of his face. 

So sexy he thought to himself. This was all new to River, but it felt so right. He didn't think about anything other than the man sitting in front of him. He placed one knee on the bed as he leaned forward causing Eithen to lay back. River didn't stop until he was right above Eithen, his hands braced on either side of his head.

"What am I going to do with you Eithen?" River asked as he grabbed one of Eithen's hands and pinned it above his head.

" You make me feel things I've never felt before." River said as he ran the tips of his fingers lightly across Eithen's chest. "You make my heart race, cause my breath to catch and I can easily get lost in your eyes." River whispered as he scraped a nail across Eithen's nipple and watched the look of pleasure that crossed Eithen's face. 

River leaned down and licked Eithen's lips, "mmm... you taste good, I just can't seem to get enough." River moved down and ran his tongue along the side of Eithen's neck, tracing the vein that popped out. He continued to taste and nip all along Eithen's shoulder and collarbone until he reached his left nipple. 

"Now what do we have here?" he asked right before he swiped his tongue softly across it, still scraping and pinching the right nipple. 

Eithen's back arched and he moaned as River continued to do things to him that he never thought he would enjoy. No one had ever played with his nips before, let alone bite and lick them. If he had known they were so sensitive... oh my god... the sensations went straight to his cock. He pushed up and rubbed his hardness against River's stomach. He wanted to let him know what he was doing to him. Eithen took his free hand and placed it on the back of River's head, holding him to his chest, silently begging for him to not stop.

River looked up at Eithen, and the look that Eithen saw in his eyes almost scared him. This was a side of River that he never expected to see. He looked so sure of himself, confident and dominating. What that look made Eithen feel and how it made his body react scared him even more. He was an Alpha, but he wanted to submit to River. "River... oh god... River I need you. Do to me what you want baby."

"I planned on it Eithen. Gonna take my time. Gonna taste all of you before the day is over." River never stopped teasing or tasting making sure what he said got through to Eithen. River was in charge here and he would do it his way and in his own time. As his fingers reached the snap on Eithen's jeans his tongue traced the muscles of his stomach. He couldn't get enough, and he sure as hell was going to get his fill.

Just as River reached Eithen's little trail of hair that lead into his jeans the damn phone rang again. "Do NOT answer that Eithen. They can call back later." River said sternly. He had made it this far, and he did not want to stop, he wasn't sure if he would be able to let go like this later. 

Eithen looked back and forth between River and the phone that he grabbed up as it started to ring again. "River, baby, I can't ignore this. It's my Ma, this could be important. I'm sorry baby, so sorry." 

River watched as Eithen flipped open the phone, he couldn't blame him though knowing that it was family. What he wouldn't give to be able to talk to his own parents again. He tuned out what Eithen was saying to his mother as he flopped down onto the bed, trying to get his body to calm down since the moment was dead. He needed to do something, he was strung too tight. River got up and walked over to where his shirt had fallen and picked it and Eithen's up. He tossed Eithen's shirt to him before he pulled his own back on and buttoned it up. 'Damn phone. Might as well unpack my things again since it seems that I'm not going anywhere anytime soon.' 

As River started towards the chairs where his bags were sitting he felt the pain start behind his eyes. "No, not again, not now. Don't do this shit to me. I'm tired of it."

The pain was more gradual this time, but he knew what it was. He looked over to where Eithen was still sitting on the bed talking to his mother on the phone, he needed to sit before it really hit him. He was not to be that lucky, just as he headed towards the bed the pain exploded. River grabbed his head, sank to his knees and cried out.