 The first day of my college experience, I was eighteen. Because of the Advanced Placement programs at my high school I was entering the college world with my Freshman year already done. That meant no freshman hazing. No last picks for classes. No stupid Freshman only rules. It was gonna be great. 

I decided not to join a fraternity until I got into the flow of my studies so I was staying at the dorms. My roommate, Derek was supposedly a junior. I hadn't met him yet but I had friended him on Facebook last month and he seemed cool enough. He was a jock. I think he played Basketball but I couldn't be sure. 

I said goodbye to my parents and went back up to my room to start unpacking. When I got up there, Derek had already started to unpack his own bags. Including a huge flatscreen. He was setting it up on the shelving system on the opposite wall of his bed above his desk. 

"Hey." I said as I walked in. "I'm Matt."

Derek turned to look at me. "Derek." His voice was low and smooth, like a sixties jazz singer. "You're the boy genius, right?" 

I actually blushed. "Nah, I'm just organized." My blush deepened at the idiotic statement. 

He chuckled. "When did you turn eighteen?" He asked. 

"Only a few days ago." I mumbled. "How old are you?"

He smiled as if he found the question amusing. "Twenty. Not quite old enough to buy my own yet but I got plenty of people lined up."

I felt my brow furrow. What did he mean? "Uh . . ." Then it hit me. "Oh! Alcohol! Like beer and stuff." 

"Yeah." He laughed. "And stuff." He folded his arms across his chest and the muscles in his arms bulged. I gulped as I watched them ripple. What was happening to me? "You never drank?"

I shook my head. "Never got around to it."

"That's cool man." He looked as if he was reconsidering that. "People will probably give you shit about it. If anyone else asks, say you have but you did some stupid stuff back home and don't want to get back into it. Make shit up about a fresh start. Wouldn't want you're impressionable mind to be influenced too horribly." 

I just nodded. "Thank you. "

He smiled and it somehow reminded me of a lion. And I was the lamb. 

. . . 

It was three weeks later by the time something else substantial happened. We had fallen into this routine with homework, his practice, eating and sleeping. We barely had time for anything else. But it was about this time the Teachers decided to stop trying to scare the weak willed away with more homework than was humanly possible, and Derek's coach seemed to feel his team could get by with an hour less a practice now that they refreshed themselves on the plays. 

So we were siting on our beds respectively, when Derek started to throw his ball at the wall. I didn't understand his need to have the basketball with him at all times but he claimed it was to keep him in an intimate relationship with it. What ever the hell that meant. We usually didn't talk to much, not wanting to bother the other while they were working. But today Derek didn't seem to give a shit. 

The throws were at an infuriating pace. Just when I thought he was done the ball would hit. I ended up reading the same sentence ten times. "Derek." I started. THWACK

"Yeah, Boy Genius?" THWACK.

He knew I didn't like being called that. I think it was the boy part. I was eighteen. I wasn't a kid anymore. "Can't concentrate." I weakly protest. 

"That essay's not due for weeks." THWACK. I wasn't even working on an essay.

Before I could get angry, I just shut my Statistics book and grabbed the book I was doing for my Lit report. That's when the ball hits the back of my chair. "Duuuude!" Derek complained. "I am so bored."

"Then watch something on TV." I suggest lightly.

"Like what? Cable sucks and my Netflix isn't working today."

"I don't know." I thought for a moment. "Hook it up to your laptop."

"Great solution." He praised me sarcastically. I turned back to my work to avoid my pink cheeks being noticed.

THWACK! 

I nearly snapped my pencil. Giving up on any homework, I jumped onto my bed. I pulled out my phone and started scrolling through Facebook.

THWACK! 

This time the ball hit mere inches away from my head. I flinched as the ball landed on my left side. "Derek," I whined. 

When I didn't automatically pass him back the ball, he stocked over to me. Instead of reaching over and grabbing the ball, he climbed onto the bed. I sunk back against the wall as he came closer to me. Derek's knee landed between mine. He reached over to get the ball. 

After he had his ball, I suspected he would move off immediately. I was wrong. He pulled up to his full height when he was on his knees. His broad shoulders encompassed my reasoning. I tried hard not to look at his chest. It was always bare in the room. If it wasn't for the few times I'd seen him out on campus, I'd wonder if he even owned any. We made eye contact for a couple seconds too long before he pulled away. 

Later that night Derek was sitting on his bed watching some pirated movie off the internet. Although he had made fun of me earlier, it seemed he liked the idea. Suddenly he stopped the movie. "Hey Matt?"

"Yeah?" I call over my shoulder.

"Do you mind if I use your laptop? My connection is sketchy."

"Sure." I said dismissively.

He thanked me and then connected the Bluetooth on the TV to my computer. He sat back on his bed and opened Safari. I could watch his movements on the television from my bed as well. I decided I'd watch the movie with him after I finished my chapter in the book.

"Harder—uh—uh —uh—har— umygah—umygah-uh— HARDER!" 

I shot up, confused. Derek was watching porn!

"You don't mind do you?" Derek asked but I had a feeling even if I did he wouldn't turn it off. 

"No," I whispered. I'd never watched porn. My mother would check my computer from when I was a preteen till about sixteen so I had kinda missed that phase where boys get addicted to it. 

I stared hard at the girls face as she climaxed. Sure, she was beautiful, but I didn't see the big deal.

"What did you think?" Derek asked. He offered me a bottle of whiskey and I downed some.

I shrugged in response but as he turned on another one, I just went back to my book. For the next twenty minutes I blocked out the loud, over exaggerated female cries of ecstasy. Then the type of video started changing. It wasn't just girls getting fucked. I looked up as a male moan filled the room. The video was of a smaller girl sucking a cock. 

"Derek?"

"Yeah?" It was then I noticed he wasn't masturbating. Didn't people watch porn to get off?

"Why is it from that angle?" The disgust and confusion rang clear in my voice.

"Well, you're—the viewer is— supposed to pretend that the girl is sucking their own dick."

"Oh," I watched him for a few seconds and I took another long gulp of the alcohol. "Is that what you do?"

He looked at me from the corner of his eyes. "Sometimes." He said slowly.

"Well, why aren't you now? Is there something wrong with this video?" I didn't mean to pry but I was curious. . . and Derek said to come to him with any questions I might have. 

"Nothing's wrong with it." He looked back at the girl attempting to talk in a seductive voice. His disinterest in the video counteracted his words. "It's just not my kinda porn."

"Then why are we watching it?"

"I just didn't want to scare you."

I rolled my eyes. That was the stupidest excuse ever. It didn't even make sense. "Derek, the fact that you could've liked this was scaring me more."

He gave me his lion smile and held out the bottle. I took my third drink and almost immediately felt it start to go to my head. 

"I have an idea." Derek said. 

"What?" I asked, slightly slurred.

"I need a blowjob."

"Then go find a girl." I had no doubt he could have anyone he wanted. Derek glared at me and I felt myself start to shrink. Thru my slightly drunk mind I caught his meaning. "I'm not a faggot." I suddenly felt defensive. The alcohol in my system giving me just enough courage to protect myself from his insinuations. 

Then his eyes went really dark. "No? Prove it."

"What?" I was so confused.

Derek sat forward and started to type something into the browser. I watched the screen as he pulled up another blowjob video. But this one was different. . . "First one to come's gay. Loser blows the other."

Before I could ask what was going on, Derek had lifted me like a rag doll and pulled off my pants. I was petrified. He slowly pulled down my briefs and my semi hard dick popped out. "Like this." He whispered and grabbed my hand in his. Derek wrapped our hands around my dick and gently started to guide me up and down. Pleasure started to build in my lower stomach. 

"Derek," I gasped.

"Shhh, baby." His face came dangerously to mine.

"No!" I said, trying to shove him off me. 

His shoulders loomed over me, making me feel small and helpless. "Let me show you."

I scrambled for another tactic. "You're not t-touching your. . ." I trailed off, to shy to say that word. "It's not f-fair."

"You need to learn this real quick, Matt. I don't play fair. If you're not cheating, you're not trying. So I'm going to make you cum in my hand, then, you are going to admit what you really are."

I whimpered as he quickened our pace. I could feel his breath on my lips. Then suddenly he moved past my lips to my ear. "Watch." 

I looked over at the screen as Derek began to suck on my ear lobe. The warmth or his mouth and the small flicks of his tongue had me gasping for air. 

"Stop," I tried to be firm but it came out a weak plea. 

Derek licked the side of my face with the flat of his tongue. The odd sensation only adds to the feeling of inferiority. Here he was, barely expelling any effort and able to hold me down and leisurely lick my skin like its his own. "Watch," he repeated gently. Almost as if he wasn't basically raping me. 

I returned my attention to the screen as if under a magician's hypnosis. The video was centered two men. One was kneeling while the other stood over him. "Wha-what is he doing?" 

Derek pulled back so he was facing me again. Suddenly we had swapped positions. Derek was now sitting on my bed but I was sitting in his lap like a child. My back to his chest. His hand on my dick; just resting there, holding it captive in the confines of our grip. Mine had stopped as well, as if it couldn't do it by itself. "Take off your shirt." He breathed in my ear. "Then I'll explain it to you."

I felt myself nodding and started unbuttoning my shirt, giving into the feelings he was igniting in me. Once it was off, I could feel the muscles of his chest against my skin. 

Our hands restarted. Derek's free hand pulled me back further into him, our bare skin pressed tightly against eachother. He then began speaking in my ear like a teacher. "It's called BDSM. Bondage. Domination. Sadism. Masochism . The man standing above him is his Master. And the boys is his."

I shivered as he nipped my ear. "His what?"

"His anything. His submissive. His slave. His toy. His . . ." He paused, tightening his grip on my dick. "Puppy."

My breath caught. Puppy? What did that mean and why did it send a thrill thru me? Shivers racked my body before settling in my dick. I felt myself nearing the point of no return.

"You like that, boy? You wanna be my little puppy slave? My little toy? You wanna please your Master, puppy? Cum in my hand, puppy. Cum for your Master. Cum now." 

I couldn't help myself. I exploded all over his hand and mine. He continued to pump me until there was nothing left. "Good boy," he whispered in my ear. I collapsed back against his chest, recovering from the best orgasm of my left.

Derek turned me in his arms. I straddled him, my limp dick falling between us. His clean hand snaked into my hair and pulled me into a kiss. His soft lips teased mine while his tongue probed my mouth. I surrendered to the kiss, knowing he would give me what I needed. 

Something firm pressed against my lips as Derek moved to kiss only on side of my mouth. My eyes flew open and I realized it was his hand. It was asking permission into my mouth like his tongue had. Confused, I opened my mouth to ask what was happening but his fingers slid in. They were slightly damp but that wasn't what clued me in. My mouth filled suddenly with a salty, foreign substance. 

As his fingers continued to twirl around my tongue, Derek placed small kisses around my temple and cheek. "Good boy, Matty, lick up your mess." I froze for a moment, stunned. "Matt." He said sharply. "I said, clean it up."

And that was all it took. I started to lap at his fingers by myself. The salt from my cum tasting better than I'd ever imagined. It was addicting. I licked every inch of the fingers. As the taste started to fade, I let out a whimper. 

Derek chuckled. "Good boy." He crooned as he removed his fingers. 

He let his hand fall to the bed beneath us. It looked like he was about to say something but I couldn't focus. I reached down and grabbed his hand, bringing it to my mouth, I took a long lick of his palm. A groan escaped me as I licked up my release. 

Derek seemed startled. But then he let out another chuckle and said, "It looks like you are already getting the hang of this."

I nodded enthusiastically as I sucked into my mouth one of the fingers that had earlier been denied to me. 

"Eager little puppy. I hadn't expected you to be this compliment after you had come." I pulled back, thinking I had done something wrong. His hand reached down to my naked ass and he slapped it playfully. "It's not a bad thing, silly puppy. Just unexpected." He kissed me once again on my forehead and then lifted me off him. 

He laid me on my bed and then proceeded to tuck me in. "Get some sleep, Matt. We'll talk about this tomorrow."

Then, even though it was nine o'clock on a Friday night, I fell into a peaceful sleep.