 Word came down at 4:25pm; I was to be on the next flight for Tokyo. I was being sent to smooth things over with our Japanese partners, no small task. I was also looking forward to see Japan. I packed a small bag and headed to the airport.

After a 9-hour flight I was finally there and noticed the vast differences between my own country right away. After a short nap at the hotel I set out to check out the city. Once outside I was surprised how dirty the city looked, I found a little noodle shop and had some beef noodles for dinner. Before I left I had done a little reading on the Internet about the best places for sexual encounters in this strange city. I carried with me a list of these places I wanted to check out. The first place I wanted to see was an adult movie theater. 

The theater was on the 9th floor of a high-rise building. It was dark and the Japanese girl selling the tickets couldn’t stop giggling when I asked for a ticket. I went in and sat down. On screen was a woman tied up and being fucked by 2 men. Soon after I sat down a young Japanese guy asked if he could sit beside me in broken English. I was excited by the idea of fooling around with this guy that could barely speak English. He was shy at first; we both sat in silence watching the woman onscreen. My cock was straining against my jeans, almost painfully. I decided to take a chance and open my pants. I unzipped and pulled out my thick penis and leaned back to let the Japanese guy know what I wanted. He looked a little shocked at first and then a quick smile crossed his lips. 

“May I?” He almost whispered. I nodded my head as he grasped my stiff cock and started stroking. My penis jumped as his cool fingers probed the head and pulled back my foreskin. After a few minutes of his masterful stroking I was in heaven. He cupped my balls and gently squeezed while fingering my anus. His one hand kept steady pressure stroking up and down while his other rubbed and squeezed my balls. I was almost ready to cum all over when he stopped dead and let me cool off. The next thing I felt was his silky tongue on the head of my cock. His tongue pushed down into the foreskin and pushed it back with his tongue and opened his mouth and sucked me in. He couldn’t get most of it in his mouth and he looked up at me and smiled “so big”. I smiled and reached over to rub his crotch. 

I opened his pants and felt around in his hairy crotch for his cock, it was hard and I pulled on it. When I did I felt his mouth tighten around my cock. His teeth very gently tantalized me and I started stroking him quickly. I could feel his talented tongue work over my head and shaft and balls, I knew he was an experienced cocksucker. I looked around worried that maybe people would be staring at us, but no one took notice. The young Japanese man’s mouth sucked me in and his fingers squeezed my balls harder and harder. I knew I was close so I started faster on his circumcised cock he was breathing faster and faster and I knew that he was close as well. I didn’t want him to cum before I could suck him off but suddenly without notice I felt him stiffen and then felt his cum shoot out and spray my hand and arm. I milked him up and down and he left my mouth and gasped and the last few spurts of cum sprayed out of him. For a minute we both sat there, huge grins on our faces. After a bit he looked at me again and then went back down on me with renewed enthusiasm, determined to make me cum. 

His magic tongue licked me up and down and paid a lot of attention to the underside of my head where it is the most sensitive, he licked quickly back and forth and then sucked my balls into his mouth. I was getting close and I knew it. I grabbed his head and guided his mouth back onto my cock. He swallowed me in and started sucking harder and harder, his tongue circling my penis in his mouth. I could feel myself building and I wondered if he was going to swallow everything or pull off and let me spray into the air. I gave him a quick tap on the head to let him know I was about to cum and it made him go crazy all over my cock. His mouth sucking, tongue licking up and around, his hands squeezing my balls and ass, and I felt it surge through me and stiffened and the first shot went down his throat. He didn’t miss a beat or stop sucking as my cum filled his mouth and ran down his chin. He licked my cock clean and swallowed my huge load of cum, I was surprised at his ability. When he was finished he leaned back and we were both smiling again. I leaned over and kissed him on the mouth tasting myself and giving his lips a quick lick. 

Soon after we had finished the Japanese man pulled his pants back up, “thank you, you big, you should try bathroom.” And with that he got up and left. To this day I don’t know his name but always smile when I remember that trip to Tokyo.

The next night I went back to that theater to check out the bathroom.

Stay tuned for that adventure.