 Chapter 2: Thursday Afternoon

After school on Thursday, I rushed over to the health club again. I was very pre-occupied and spent most of the time keeping an eye open for Tim, but I couldn't see him anywhere. I was really disappointed and was starting to think that perhaps the encounter was only going to be a one-time thing.

While I was having a shower, there were only a couple of other guys in there, and I kept looking at their cocks and wondering what Tim's looked like and what it felt like. I had my eyes closed and was dreaming about Tim when I heard a voice, Tim's voice, say Hi, Toby, how you feeling today? I just about died because he caught me off guard and I started to shake again just looking at him. This time he was naked and I wanted to get a glimpse of his cock but I didn't know what to do with my eyes, so I kept looking at him and saying I was glad to see him again. He asked me if I was planning on taking a sauna again and I told him yeah, I thought I would, trying to be as nonchalant as I could be.

Things are usually quiet at the club at that time of day because the after-work crowd is not in yet, so you can imagine my relief to have found the sauna vacant, not that it gets very much use anyway. So I went in and sat in the same place as I had on Tuesday. I was still quite nervous but I was trying to keep my cool so that I would better understand what was happening to me and what I was getting myself into. I was also determined to let Tim do whatever he wanted to me and to use my hands on him this time. A couple of minutes later he entered and sat down next to me.

After a couple of pleasantries, he casually placed his hand on my leg and moved the towel that was covering my leg aside so that his hand was resting directly on my thigh. He asked me how my day went and if I enjoyed our last meeting. I told him that I had enjoyed it immensely but that all of this was new to me and I was a bit shy and scared. He assured me that everything would be fine and that we wouldn't do anything I didn't want to do. All the while, he was gently caressing and rubbing the inside of my leg and brushing his hand against my balls and my penis. I was getting very hard again very quickly. As scared as I was, I decided to rest my hand on his leg to see if I could maybe get a chance to feel his cock. He quickly opened his towel, took my hand, and placed it right on his cock. I couldn't believe that I finally had a real cock in my hand. It felt so big and thick, yet had an interesting softness about it. It was big but I don't think it was as hard as it might be able to get, certainly not as hard as mine was. I was like a rock again.

Tim then grabbed my cock in his hand and started to slowly jerk me off with gentle but firm movements up and down. I felt so hot with his hand on my cock and by feeling his cock in my hand that within a few seconds, I felt that I was going to explode. I started to tense up with the pressure that was building up and I told him that I thought I was going to come. He simply smiled at me, said that's okay, go ahead, then lowered his head and wrapped his lips around my cock. That was all I needed and I exploded right into his mouth as soon as I felt his lips close around my penis. He stayed still like that while my spasms lasted for what seemed like forever, then gently moved his head up and down over my cock getting out every last ounce with a strong sucking motion. I couldn't believe what had just happened to me. The feeling of his gentle sucking motion while my cock was being drained was incredible. When he bent over me, I had to remove my hand from his cock and now I had both my hands on the back of his head, holding him there in position and hoping that the feeling would never end.

But it did and when he finally lifted his head, he simply wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, licked his lips and gave me a big smile. I sheepishly smiled back at him and then he leaned over and gave me a gentle kiss on the lips. I was beside myself and didn't know what to do or say, so I simply smiled back at him for a moment.

"Did you enjoy that?" he asked. I nodded yes.

"Would you like to do it again, sometime?" I smiled and nodded yes.

"Would you like to come over to my place where we could be more relaxed?" My heart was racing a mile a minute and all I could do was nod yes again. I had lost my voice. I couldn't speak.

"Would you like to come over this afternoon, right now, or wait until some other time?" he asked. I nodded yes again, not realizing that he had asked me two questions.

"I'll have to let my mom know Ill be late for supper," I said, so I must have been nodding yes to the first part of the question. All I knew is that I wanted to be with Tim and experience more of what I had just been through. I thought I was in love with him and I must have looked pretty silly just grinning at him like I was the luckiest and happiest person on the planet. Right then I felt like I was.

"You can phone her from my place, its not far away." See you outside. He said, then got up and left.

I sat there a couple of more minutes trying to calm down because I was shaking, and it was getting more violent as I thought about what might happen with Tim in a very short time.

Anyway, I managed to get myself under control, and while I was getting dressed in front of my locker, Tim came over and gave me a piece of paper with his address on it. He asked me if I was sure I wanted to come over and I nodded yes. He said he only lived a couple of blocks away and would I mind if we went separately and if I would wait fifteen minutes or so because he had a couple of calls to make when he got home.

That was okay with me because I had my bike with me and I wasn't sure I wanted anybody to see me leaving the club with another guy anyway. He said "Okay, see you in fifteen minutes or so. Bye." Then he left.

I stood there looking at the address on the piece of paper but my hand was shaking so much it was hard to read. My mind was racing with all kinds of visions of having my first real experience of having sex with another guy and about how lucky I was and how smart I was to have let him touch me in the shower last Tuesday. I convinced myself that what had happened in the sauna a few minutes ago was not a real suck job, and that a real long one would be much better and even more satisfying. And I thought about the fact that I was probably going to get a chance to taste and suck someone else for the first time. I realized I was starting to get hard again just thinking about all this stuff, and I was still shaking like a leaf in anticipation, so I figured I better get out of there.

When I got out to where my bike was, it dawned on me that I didn't really know this guy, even though he seemed like a decent sort, but how did I know he wasn't a murderer or something. Here I was going to a stranger's place and no one else in the world would know where I was. I started to panic and for a moment thought maybe I shouldn't go that it might be too dangerous. Then I would think about the sex part and I wanted that so bad that I would decide that I should take the risk. My thoughts raced back and forth and I was beside myself about what to do - go home and forget it or go over to Tim's place.

Finally, I got an idea. I could simply leave the address in my locker, then if I disappeared someone would find it and trace me to that address. This idea might not save my life if it were in jeopardy, but I could use the information to let Tim know that if he tried anything, the address would be found and he would likely get caught. When I think back, the whole idea was probably naive, but then again, it turned out to be a great idea because it allowed me to do what I really wanted to do - go over to Tim's place and see him again. So I did.