 When I came home from class yesterday afternoon, I was ready to sleep. I went into the kitchen for a glass of ice water, then trudged off to the bedroom to catch some shuteye until the Friday night festivities began. 

As I walked past the bathroom, I notice that the door was cracked open and the light inside was on. I said, "Hello?" And I heard my roommate, Jeff reply, "Yo."

"You home from classes early?" I said.

"Done for the weekend, dude."

I moved toward the door. "What are you doing?" I asked.

"I'm on the pot. It's part of my ritual ablution before going out."

Ah," I laughed, and peeked my head in the door. There sat Jeff, no pants, white tank-top, on the throne, looking at one of our roommates' lingerie catalogues. He smiled. I caught the musky smell of his business in the air. 

"Ah, dreaming of the chick you're going to bring home tonight, Romeo?" I asked.

"Just imagining what it would feel like to have this chick's lips wrapped around my cock."

I nudged the door open some more. "Probably feel pretty good."

"Did you see this chick? She's new."

I pushed the door open and stepped into the bathroom. I walked over to where Jeff sat on the toilet. He held the magazine in his hands. I looked down at the picture. "She's beautiful," I said. 

I let my eyes travel off the page to between Jeff's legs. I could see his cock as it hung into the toilet. He turned the page.

"Look at this one."

The picture was sexy. The girl was on her knees in her bra and panties reaching to put a flower in a little vase on a windowsill. Her ass was arched outward, an inviting treat. 

"Yummy," I said. 

I knelt down next to Jeff. I took one half of the catalogue in one hand, while Jeff held onto the other. I let my arm rest on his naked leg while he turned the page. My dick began to swell. I could hear the activity going on below him as Jeff moved his bowels again. A soft, squishy sound followed by a plop in the water.

Jeff laughed shyly. The room filled up with Jeff's smell. 

I turned the page this time, and as I did, I saw that Jeff's cock was no longer hanging in the toilet. It was standing stiff between his legs. He didn't try to hide it.

I picked up the magazine, and set it down. "Look at this," I said reaching to touch Jeff's dick. He opened his legs. "Mmm. You're horny," I whispered.

"My cock's suddenly so fucking hard," he said in a gravelly voice.

"Mmm. You're thinking about lips on your cock."

I pushed his legs further apart and faced him, kneeling down in front of him where he sat on the toilet. I began to stroke his hard cock in my hand. He threw his head back and groaned. I pumped his dick, and felt his urine as it seeped from his hole. His dick was rock hard now. I cupped my other hand on his balls, and caressed his nuts. I said, "Do you have a lot of cum in here?"

Jeff replied dreamily, "Yeah. It's gonna burst. Oh, that feels so good."

I lifted Jeff's shirt off him. I massaged his balls and stroked his cock as I leaned forward to lick his chest. I sucked on his nipples, and licked up toward his underarms. Jeff lifted his arms, and I licked his musky armpits. I ran my tongue from his underarms up to his muscular biceps as I pumped his cock. I turned, and breathed into his neck, and kissed it. I licked his neck and chin, then brushed my tongue over his lips. Jeff opened his mouth and I kissed him. I mashed my mouth into his. Our tongues crashed together, and I sucked on his tongue like it was a tiny cock.

I kissed down his throat, to his chest, where I lingered and nibbled and licked. I brought my face down and kissed his pubic hair. I inhaled deeply his scent. His cock stood straight up. I ran my tongue from the base of his dick up to his cockhead.

Jeff moaned. I took him into my mouth and sucked it, making wet, slurpy noises.

He said, "Oh, yeah, baby, suck it."

"Mmmm. You taste so good," I said.

I unbuckled my pants and released my cock. I began to beat it as I sucked the big piece of meat in front of me. My dick sprang free as I pulled off my boxers. Jeff scooted his hips forward on the toilet. I now had access to his heavy balls. I stuck out my tongue and ran it over his taut ballsack as I pumped his shaft. I sucked his balls into my mouth as I licked his dick from base to head, rubbing it all over my face. I kissed the head of his cock and then took it into my mouth again. I began to suck on his cock, hard. The taste of Jeff's dick had me delirious. 

I made deep sucking sounds and I moaned as I slurped on Jeff's dick. I pumped my own cock in my hand and I sucked Jeff's big cock like it was candy.

He pushed me back to stand up. I waited with my mouth open and my tongue out. Jeff held my face in his hands and slid his dick back in over my soft tongue. He began to pump his cock into my mouth. He pushed his dick way to the back of my throat and pulled it out, over and over again. I gagged and sucked and moaned. He held it now, deep in my throat. I felt like my head was going to explode, my nose crushed into his pubes. My eyes filled with tears, my cock swelled to the hilt. I pushed my face against Jeff as hard as I could. I was choking on his dick in a dreamy way, and beating my cock so hard and fast that I thought I'd rip it off.

Finally, Jeff ripped my head from his cock. I gasped for air, and coughed. Mucus poured from my nose, tears from my eyes, saliva from my mouth. 

I gasped, "Oh, fuck. Your cock –" I grabbed it and began rubbing it all over my face. "Oh, it's so fucking good."

"You suck my cock so good, baby," said Jeff.

"Oh, I love your cock. I love your hot cock, baby. Oh, my cock is so hard." On my knees, I arched back to show him. My dick stood straight up in the air. I beat my cock for him.

"Yeah, beat that hot dick, Devin," Jeff said.

I leaned forward as I stroked my cock. I stuck out my tongue and ran it along the underside of Jeff's big, hard cock again. Once more, I took him into my mouth. 

I worked slower this time, hotter. I tasted Jeff's flesh. I sucked on his juicy dick to coax the cum from his balls. His cock tasted delicious. I wanted to taste his cum. I sucked and sucked, moaning as I beat my dick. 

I ran my tongue down his shaft and over his tasty balls, then back up his shaft to suck him into my mouth again. Jeff moaned, and said, "Oh, yeah, it feels so good, baby. Yeah, suck it. Suck my fucking cock."

I began to work his dick harder, sucking and moaning as I pumped it with my mouth, squeezing his balls with my left hand, pounding my cock with my right. 

Jeff was rock-hard now. I knew he was going to blow. I felt my own balls rumble as I pumped it. My orgasm came crashing over me. I shot forth a massive load into the air. Then, Jeff's cock exploded into my mouth. His salty cum filled my mouth and coated my tongue and throat. It ran from my lips. I pulled my mouth off his cock and let him shoot more over my face. I stuck out my tongue and moaned as ropes of white spunk coated it.

When Jeff's dick stopped shooting, I licked the cum from his fingers. Jeff pushed it from my cheeks into my mouth. I still held my dick as I tasted Jeff's load. Even after my intense orgasm, it still held stiff. My mouth was full of Jeff's sperm. I swished it in my mouth like a bukkake slut, opened my mouth and looked up at Jeff. 

He laughed and said, "You like that?"

I smiled and said, "Mmm-hmm," and swallowed Jeff's load.