 Chapter 3: Thursday Afternoon at Tim's Place

While I pedaled over to Tim's place, my mind was full of thoughts about what was likely to happen. How would things get started? Who would make the first move? What would the first move be? Would he let me suck his cock? How should I do it? Should I let him shoot off in my mouth? What would it taste like? Should I swallow it or spit it out? Where would I spit it out?

I also started to think about how old Tim was, and what I was doing going to an older man's home? Shouldn't I try to find someone my own age to have sex with? But I didn't know anyone as young as I was, and thought that what I would do is learn from Tim, then forget about him and move on. Once I had gained some experience and some confidence, it would surely be easier to meet someone my own age.

Tim's building was one of the newer high rise condos in this part of the city and it was easy to find. When I entered the lobby, I expected to be able to ring his apartment but what I found was an imposing desk with an attendant. This caught me off guard and I started to get nervous again because now somebody would know that I was going to visit a man in his apartment. But then I thought, hey, that's okay because now someone would know that I was there so I would certainly be safe. The attendant also caught my attention. He was young and very handsome in a rugged kind of way. A big guy with short black wavy hair and he must have been into bodybuilding because his muscles were bulging through his uniform. I sure wouldn't want to get into a fight with him or meet up with him in a dark alley. Then gain, I quickly wondered what it would be like to feel all those muscles and suck on his cock. He came out from around his desk so I got a look at all of him, and there sure was a lot to look at.

"Can I help you?" he asked.

I realized I didn't know Tim's full name so I said "I've been invited to apartment 1503, Please."

The attendant smiled and said "Ah, Mr. Tim's place. He just got in and said he was expecting someone so you can go right up. Take the elevator to the 15th floor, turn right and his place is at the end of the hall. I'm sure you'll have a good time." Then he winked at me, gave my body a once-over glance and after giving me a big knowing smile, he walked back around to his desk.

I remember thinking that he probably knew why I was there and I started trembling even more than I was before, but I managed to get over to and into the waiting elevator.

Tim answered the door immediately when I knocked and I was surprised to see that he had changed into a bathrobe. He gestured me in and asked if I had had any trouble finding the place. As he ushered me into the living area, I realized that this was a pretty big and fancy place, probably a penthouse, and it looked like it was expensively furnished. I wondered what Tim did for a living that he could live this lavishly. He asked me if I would like to see the rest of the place. I said "Sure."

The main living area was huge, and it turned out that there were four more rooms. He first showed me the bedroom and when we were standing there looking at his big king sized bed, he grabbed and gently squeezed by bum. I felt my cock get a little hard but didn't do anything but look at him and smile. He smiled back and said we could come back here later but that he wanted to show me the rest of the place first.

The next room he showed me was an office. I asked him what he did for a living and he said he was a part-time technical consultant for a couple of large engineering companies and that he was also a part-time photographer and videographer. I didn't ask him anything else, but the next room was quite large and contained all sorts of photographic equipment – cameras on tripods, lights and light reflectors, lots of wires and a small bed, a sofa and some chairs. He told me that this was where he did some but not all of his photography. I asked him what kind of photography he did and he said "fashion, some of it erotic." I wasn't sure what that meant but didn't know what to ask him anyway. He led me to the last room. It was smaller than the others and contained a small couch, what looked like a dressing table because it had all kinds of small bottles and tubes on it, and a couple of clothes racks. There were also a lot of women's shoes scattered around and this surprised me because I had assumed that Tim was gay, but then realized that they must be things his models used when they were posing.

As we were walking around, Tim kept touching my bum and rubbing it slightly through my jeans. I liked it when he had his hand there and as we looked around and talked, I began feeling more comfortable and I was losing my nervousness. I still didn't know how to get anything started so I thought I would just wait for Tim to start something and let it go from there.

Tim then apologized and said that he had another commitment that evening and that he would only have a half an hour to spend with me. I think he saw my disappointment and said that I could come again if I wanted to. I said I probably would even though I had no idea of whether I would or not.

"Because we've only get a short time Toby, what would you like to do?" he asked.

"I.. I.. ugh .. I don't know" I stammered. "I've never had sex with a man before. This is my first time, I mean except for the sauna."

"Never?" he asked. "You're a total virgin?"

"Y Y Yes." I said.

"Are you sure you want to stay then? Are you sure this is the kind of sex you want? 

"yes, I want to try it so bad." I said.

"Would you like try some oral sex then?"

"That would be great. Sure. Yeah. I would like that."

"We don't have a lot of time today though. Would you like to suck on my cock or do you want me to suck you?

I started to shake again and told him that I would like to suck him but that I was nervous and might not do a good job. He told me not to worry and that he would help me and show me a few things.

He came over to me and said that giving someone's body a massage was a good way to break the ice and get relaxed. As he was telling me this, he started to massage my shoulders. He was standing right in front of me and I could smell his body. The smell and the feel of his hands got my cock raging hard and trying to bust out of my jeans. He massaged my arms and chest, and then he started to unbutton my shirt. When I was out of my shirt, he ran his hands all over my chest and back, and even bent down and licked and kissed my chest and my nipples. I was going crazy and thought my penis was going to burst.

Then he reached down and started to unbuckle my belt and undo my zipper. When he opened my fly, my cock poked right out through my underwear and I thought I was going to come again before anything really happened. He kneeled in front of me and lowered my jeans to my ankles. I had taken my shoes off when I came in, so he took my socks off and then I stepped out of my jeans. Now I only had my briefs on and my cock was sticking straight out through them. He stretched the elastic and lowered my shorts and I stepped out of them too.

"You've got a nice cock, Toby, and it looks like you want to come again. Would you like that?" I said I would and he then started to lick my cock and my balls and my inner thighs. He finally put my cock into his mouth and started to suck on it. I guess I had a little more staying power because I had just gotten off a half hour ago, but I couldn't hold back this time either and told him I thought I was going to come again. He nodded and kept my cock in his mouth. He looked up at me and then started to make long sucking movements along the length of my cock, taking it all the way into his mouth. I exploded again and again he kept his head steady while I jerked my cock back and forth and emptied my load into his mouth.

I still couldn't believe this was happening to me. I was delirious with excitement and don't think I have ever felt as good in my entire life as I felt right then. 

He then took my hand and led me into the bedroom. He laid face down on the bed and asked me if I would give his whole body a massage. I wasn't sure how to but said sure, then climbed on the bed next to him and started to massage and knead his shoulders and back. He suggested I straddle him so I would have more support. I straddled his bum area but then noticed that my now soft cock was still dripping and that I was dripping on him. I don't know if he noticed it or not but he didn't say anything so I didn't do anything about it. As I massaged his back, I moved down a little and started to work on his bum. He kept telling me I was doing a great job and that it felt wonderful. The feel of his bum cheeks in my hands was wonderful but it wasn't long before I moved down even further to work on his thighs and legs.

Now I could see the tip of his cock and the back of his balls lying between his legs and I didn't know if I should try to touch them now or whether I should massage the rest of his legs. I decided to work down to his feet but I couldn't keep my eyes off of what I could see of his cock and all I really wanted to do was get it in my hands as soon as I could. So I worked back up his legs, pretending all along that I was going to be thorough, but all I wanted was to get back up to where that cock was. This time when I massaged his inner thighs I managed to touch his balls and his cock. When I did this, Tim moaned softly and started to turn over onto his back. I was wondering how I was going to get him to do that for me so my problem was quickly solved.

I continued to work on his legs but couldn't keep my eyes away from his crotch area, so I slowly worked my way up there. His cock was really big. It was still semi soft and was now laying across his leg. It was longer and thicker than I could have imagined and I couldn't wait to feel it again.

I reached up and grabbed the whole of his cock in my hand and lifted it off his leg. It was heavier than I thought it would be and it was still quite soft. I started to play with it and it was very flexible – I was able to move it around like a floppy rope quite easily. That surprised me because when I am erect, my cock is as hard as a rock and very stiff, almost like a steel pipe. Tim's must have been at least twice as big around as mine and even longer, but was more like a rubber pipe than a steel one.

I also played with his balls a little and they were also bigger than mine. Finally, I couldn't stand it any more and decided to see what it tasted like. I lowered my head and put the head of his cock in my mouth. His smell was really neat, and finally, after all the dreaming and yearning, here I was with a great big gorgeous cock to feast on. I was beside myself and never wanted the moment to end. I tried to put as much of it my mouth as I could, but could only get about half of it in.

It felt incredible. It stayed quite soft and flexible, no matter how much I licked and sucked on it. I ran my tongue up and down, and all around it. I had it in and out of my mouth. I used my hands to feel every part of it. I used my hands and my mouth. I ran it all over my face, my eyes, my nose and my ears. I tried to gently bite it. Every once in a while, Tim would moan softly and tell me it felt good.

I finally decided to make him come because I wanted to satisfy him and make him happy with me so that I would get invited back, so I vigorously worked his cock up and down, sucking and keeping as much pressure on it as I could. My jaw was aching but I kept at it.

Finally, Tim said he didn't have much more time, and he grabbed his cock while it was still in my mouth and started pumping on it himself. His pumping got more violent and I finally had to get my mouth out of the way altogether, so I lay my head on his legs and cupped and played with his balls while he jerked himself off. Even with the furious pumping, it took him a few more minutes to come, then he finally started to spurt all over his stomach. I didn't know what to do, so I lay still, then started to run my hands through his cum and spread it around his stomach. He just lay there exhausted and contented, then said he had to get ready, so I slid off the bed. Tim also got up, gave me a hug and kissed me lightly on the lips, and then went into the bathroom, so I started to get dressed.

When he came out, he asked me if I had had a good time and after I said that I really enjoyed it and thanked him, he asked me if I would like to come over again some time. I said I sure would. He asked when I would next be at the club and I said Saturday morning. Tim then suggested I come over here on Saturday morning rather than go to the gym. That was okay with me and I told him that would be fine.

He said we could perhaps watch a video together and if I were interested, he could show me some of his photography. I said swell, I would like that a lot. He then showed me to the door and gave my bum a squeeze as he gently pushed me out into the hallway.


I walked to the elevator with a big smile on my face. I felt real happy and cocky with myself because I finally got to play out some of my dreams and felt I would have the opportunity to do lots more with Tim. He seemed to like me and had invited me back, so maybe I could see him a few more times.

There was no one in the lobby when I got downstairs, so I waltzed right out, jumped on my bike and started to pedal for home.

My mind was in a daze. I couldn't believe what was happening to me. I felt like the luckiest guy in the world. I kept thinking about how neat Tim's cock was. How big it was. How nice a guy he was. How rich and successful he must be. How good it felt to have been able to finally hold a cock in my mouth and suck on it. How much better it would feel the next time because I would be more experienced. At the same time, I was disappointed that I couldn't get Tim off on my own and that maybe there might be something wrong with my technique.

My mind was in such a daze that I ran through a stop sign and almost got hit by a car. I certainly didn't want to get into an accident now, not since I had a most important date this Saturday. A video – that would be neat since I never saw a gay video, only a couple of straight ones at my friend Peter's place. And Tim wanted to show me his photographic work, so he must like me a little.

I thought about what I might wear to impress him. I made it home okay, and that evening at supper I was preoccupied with wild and crazy thoughts and visions of Tim's cock dancing through my head. My folks and my sister must have thought I was losing it for sure, but they were wrong, I was just finding it.

My world was coming together. All I had to do was hold myself together till next Saturday.