 So onto my first submission proper (no pun intended). As always in what I write the 'I' is always me, and the other main character (because each one is about a different real life person) will have the name changed slightly to protect the innocent and the not so innocent.



One of my ex girlfriends had a real thing about the whole man on man thing, and others have echoed this to a lesser degree. This got me thinking. Us guys love the idea of lesbianism, lipstick or otherwise, and I'm sure a lot of the time it happens it's just girls doing it to please men. With my belief in complete role reversal then I should be willing to do the same for women.

That brings us to the beginning of this particular tale. I advertised for a dominant man to make me his bitch. It was as blunt as that, though I did add some descriptions and provisos. It was on Alt.com if you really want to know.

I made email contact with a number of guys, but none seemed quite right. This was my first time after all, and I wanted it to be right. My thinking was that if I could prove to myself I could do this, then I'd be OK doing it in front of any woman who got a kick out of it.

Eventually Tom (as I'll call him here) made contact. He lives fairly close to me and seemed like the right kind of guy. Sensible, married (so the chances were he'd be both clean and discreet) and experienced.

I eventually plucked up the courage to arrange to meet him (after a couple of false starts) and I have to say I'm really glad I did.

We met in a car park and I was really pleased with what I saw. He was driving a good car and looked clean and neat. I jumped in and we chatted for a while and he put me at ease – as much as he could. I'll confess I still had ideas of backing out. I'm a very macho looking and acting guy in normal life and this was way out of my comfort zone. He eventually talked me into him driving us somewhere quieter and me just holding his cock.

Much of what followed is still something of a blur to me still. I do remember him unzipping and taking his cock out. I remember he was wearing white underwear, and I remember his cock being incredibly beautiful. Now I've never even done the teenager experimentation thing. That was the closest I'd ever been to another mans cock. It didn't take much encouragement before I had his cock in my hand and I was stroking it. I can hardly describe the feeling of it. It was SO different from holding my own cock, it was warm and soft and very hard. I sat in his passenger seat wanking him off and thoroughly enjoying the situation. I did get told off once for squeezing too hard. Oops, don't know how hard I'm supposed to be doing this. I'm always quite firm with myself...

Anyway, with very little further encouragement I leant over and took a cock in my mouth for the first time. I loved it. I was happily sucking at his cock when he told me to sit up. I was so into it I just thought he was being nice and not wanting me to go too far, turns out there was another car driving towards us and he didn't want us to get caught. What a shame. The way I was feeling I would happily made him cum and have swallowed his load.

Unfortunately I've not seen him since, nor gone any further since. I'm still in occasional contact with him, but circumstances and nerves have conspired against me serving him again.

I may not be as honest in further tales as to where real life stops and fantasy starts, but for this one, this is the end of real life. What follows is one of the ways I've dreamed about that day continuing.

I sucked on his cock like it was keeping me alive. All I wanted was to give him pleasure and to taste his cum. Eventually I felt his orgasm approach and he told me in no uncertain terms to "swallow it slut". I took his cock as deep down my throat as I could and I felt him blast his cream into my mouth. I swallowed until it had all gone and released his cock. I used my tongue to probe his slit, partly searching for more of his cum, and partly to ensure he was completely clean down there. He was my master and that was my duty.

I had no idea what the rest of the day was to bring but I put myself completely in his hands and I told him as much to his face. He grinned over at me while he was tucking his cock back in and said "well then, I have a treat for you my little cock sucker" 

He drove us into town and pulled up on a driveway. At first I thought it was his house, but as we walked to the door he told me it belonged to some people he knew. It was a married couple and their male lodger. Both guys in the house were bi, and I was going to service all three of them.

He rang the doorbell and the wife answered the door. She looked at Tom and then at me, she grinned and asked him if the afternoon was going to get interesting. He said it was and grinned at me.

We were shown inside and the woman called her husband and lodger to join us. I'm guessing they'd done something similar to this before because Tom introduced me as his new little slut boy and told them I was the plaything for the afternoon. I was told to strip. Now I'd just sucked a guys cock who I barely knew, you wouldn't think I'd be embarrassed, but I was. Quick as a flash the woman lashed out and slapped me. I'd not told Tom this, but a woman slapping me is a HUGE turn on. That did it for me. I was naked almost before I knew what I was doing.

The husband stripped and sat in an armchair with his legs spread and his wife knelt next to him, gently wanking him. She beckoned me over and guided his cock into my mouth. I knew what I was doing better this time, and I've always had a fantasy for a woman to watch me suck cock so I put on a show for her. I licked him from base to tip like it was a lollipop. I kissed the tip. I sucked on his balls. I spent ages teasing him until he announced he was coming. I was quite shocked when Tom told me to get off his cock. I think his wife knew what Tom wanted though, because she finished her n off by hand, and aimed him so that his cum went all over my face. I couldn't help opening my mouth to try and catch some, but most just glazed me all over. I must have looked quite a sight with cum dripping off my nose and chin. The lodger didn't seem to be wanting to savour the scene though. I was roughly wrenched around and found myself facing yet another cock. He certainly wasn't gentle though. He grabbed my head and went for it. I now know the true meaning of being skull fucked.

That was a revelation for me. He was a strong guy. He just held my head and used me like an inanimate hole for his pleasure. I loved it. I loved being taken and used.

When he came there was no warning. Just a grunt and a deeper thrust and his cum was down my throat. I barely tasted it.

When I turned to face Tom, he was naked and wearing a condom. "Ready for your Master to break in that slutty arse?" he asked.

I couldn't even speak. I looked at him, and his cock and just nodded. The two other guys took me by the arms and bent me over the arm of the sofa and held me in position. I felt the wife spread my cheeks and my Master lubed me and then took me.

(I have no experience of anal sex - yet – so I can't describe this part)

When he had finished with me he had me stand up. I could barely obey after the fucking he'd given me and the position I'd been held down in but I managed. He positioned me in front of the wife and told me to wank. I started slowly, but then he told me stop. I looked over at him and saw that he'd removed his condom and was standing there holding it. "I think you need a little lubrication bitch boy" he told me, and emptied his cum out of the condom and onto my cock. He gave me the instruction to continue, so I stood there in front of the wife and wanked myself off using my masters cum as a lubricant.

The husband came into view holding a small glass and handed it to me. "It's for your cum you cock sucking slut" said the wife. She then proceeded to verbally abuse me while I was whacking off in front of her. When my orgasm hit it was incredible. I couldn't believe how intense it was, but then I'd had an intense day!

When I'd drained the last drop she took it from me and spat into it. She made me kneel down, tip my head back and open my mouth. Then she made me drink the mixture of my cum and her spit.

As Tom and I left the house she whispered in my ear that she was about to get royally fucked by her husband and her lodger and that I should think about that, because from now on all I'd be any good for was giving pleasure, not getting it.

One day, if I'm really lucky, maybe 'Tom' will help me live this fantasy....