 I'm currently making a come back to the world of writing, and I'm looking for a new editor (missing you already, Naughty!) and one or two test-readers to give me some feedback before I post things on here. 

If you're interested in either of those things, send me some feedback or an email (you can find it under the biography tab of my profile) and let me know!

~Gweall

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Arlo strolled through the isle, pausing to pick up a box of rice. He considered buying dessert, and was going to forget about it, but the pre made chocolate cake looked so good. He bit his lip and looked around as if someone was watching, before putting it into the cart. After grabbing a few more things for dinner that night, he paid for the items and headed home.

The house was empty when he got back, the other car was nowhere to be seen. He put the groceries away quickly and started dinner. The smell of roasting chicken filled the house, as it turned over the rotisserie. He vacuumed quickly, and set the table for two as usual. He ran his fingers through his hair and stretched. After working all day, having to make dinner was always a hassle. But it made Donovan happy, and that was good enough for him. Seeing the smile on his partners face when he got home to a warm meal made his own heart glow. He loved Donovan with everything that he had, and enjoyed doing the little things for him.

They had talked about adopting kids, but the timing never seemed right. Arlo worked so many hours at the local hospital, and Donovan owned his own hardware store. The only one in the small town they lived in. They were well known among the community, being the only gay couple in the mostly conservative town. But they were surprised when they were met with open arms. Everyone in the town was very friendly and accepting of the two. They even attended church.

The door opened as Donovan stepped in, hanging his coat up in the closet next to the front door. Arlo smiled and went to great his boyfriend. He hugged him warmly and kissed him passionately, and the affection was returned equally.

"How was work?" Arlo asked, as Donovan sat down.

"Good, we were busy today. That storm last night tore up a few fences so there's a lot of people looking for supplies." Donovan said, taking the first bite of rice and moaning appreciatively. "What about you?"

"Good, same thing for me. The storm kicked up a lot of activity. A few broken bones and some bad splinters. Nothing major," Arlo said. He was a surgeon, but in a small town like this there wasn't much need for one. He was mostly working at the E.R. setting bones and diagnosing the sniffles. "Hows dinner?" Arlo asked, as the conversation died down.

"Delicious. Thank you." Donovan smiled and leaned across the table to kiss Arlo again.

"You're welcome." Arlo loved the affection. Donovan could be so sweet. His birthday was coming up in a few weeks and Arlo couldn't help but get giddy. He wanted to know what Donovan was going to do for him. The meal was finished quickly, and they did the dishes together. They headed towards the bedroom immediately. They undressed each other slowly, kissing as they went. Soon they were in nothing but their boxers, and they fell onto the bed. They kissed and stroked each other gently, before Arlo sighed.

"Not happening tonight?" Donovan asked.

"I don't think so, I'm sorry It's just been a long day." He smiled, a little sad.

"It's fine," Donovan turned over. Arlo curled up behind him, wrapping his arms around his chest. "I didn't really want you tonight anyways."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Arlo sighed as his patient left. He kept the smile plastered on his face until the child and his mother walked out the door. He sighed again and collapsed into a nearby chair.

"Have you eaten today, hun?" Ronda asked.

"Define 'eat'," Arlo joked.

"You're as thin as a piece of rope. Take a break, hun. Go down to the cafeteria and get you something," she said. Arlo smiled and sighed.

"What would I do without you, Ronda?" Arlo asked, sleepily getting up from the uncomfortable plastic chair.

"Starve. Come on, honey. You know every hospital needs a heavy set black woman," she winked, returning to her work. Arlo stretched and was heading towards the cafeteria when the doors the paramedics came through swung open violently. A cop lay on the gurney, obviously in pain but trying to hide it.

"What happened?" Arlo asked, walking up to the rushing medics.

"Some guy robbing the liquor store freaked and pulled a knife on him, got him in the arm," the medic said, beginning to relax a small amount now that Arlo was taking over.

"Can you tell me your name?" Arlo asked the cop.

"Jake," he grumbled. "Officer Jake Hudson," he clarified. 

"I'm Dr. Dominguez, you can call me Arlo," he smiled. The cop nodded with respect before wincing as the medic ripped his uniform to reveal the wound. "Let me see that arm." Arlo took Jake's arm tenderly and observed the wound. "It's pretty deep...and you're definitely going to need stitches. I can take it from here guys, thank you." Arlo nodded at the medics, who turned to leave. Jake looked a little pale and Arlo hoped he wouldn't need to give him blood.

"Man, this hurts like a bitch." He bit his lip.

"I'll see what I can give you for the pain, Officer Hudson," Arlo said.

"Call me Jake," he smiled. 

"Alright, Jake. Are you able to squeeze my hand?" Arlo held the officers calloused paw. He grunted with pain, but was able to squeeze Arlo's smaller hand. "Good. Now, lets get that taken care of," Arlo said.

After running him through the standard questions, he was able to get him on some pain medication and into a room.

"I want to keep you here for a few hours, just to make sure you don't have any severe blood loss. We don't want you passing out on us. Do you have someone you can go home to, once you're released?" Arlo asked, checking some things off a clipboard.

"Do dogs count? If not, then no," Jake mumbled.

"Hmm...Alright, then we're going to have to keep you here for a little longer. I don't want to risk leaving you alone," Arlo said. "It isn't as bad as I thought. I cleaned it up for you so it won't get infected, but you're going to have one hell of a scar," Arlo said.

"More stories to tell around the campfire, I guess," Jake laughed.

"I guess," Arlo smiled. "I'm going to leave you to get some rest. The pain meds will really start to kick in in a few, you'll be out like a light. I'll check on you in a few hours," Arlo smiled, hanging the clipboard from the bed.

"Thanks, Doc." Jake tipped his head again, as if he had an invisible cowboy hat.

"No problem," Arlo smiled and left the room. He rolled his head from side to side, working out the kinks. He found himself at the cafeteria. He got a tray of food and ate quickly, knowing he should get back. His phone beeped and he looked down at the text.

Donovan: What's for dinner tonight?

He hadn't thought about it.

Arlo: Pizza? It's been a long day and I don't feel like cooking.

Donovan: Sounds good to me. How about I pick up a few movies on the way home and we can make a night of it?

Arlo: Sounds great. I'll order when I get home. I'll pick up some popcorn for the movie, too.

Donovan: Cool, see you at home <3

Arlo shoved the phone back in his pocket, relieved he didn't need to think about cooking. He finished his lunch and stood back up, ready to return to his shift.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Officer Jake Donovan lived alone. Besides his two dogs, Bounder and Rocket, his house was empty. He never felt the need to date, not even in high school. So, when he graduated, he wanted some way to connect with people, without having to have sex with them. The first thing that popped into his head was being cop. He was good at it, too. He loved his job, and he loved the people he helped. Sometimes he even loved the snide comments from the arrestees. 

In his ten years on the force, he had never gotten seriously hurt. Sure he had scrapes and bruises from a short fight when trying to cuff somebody, or the occasional case of sleep deprivation, but nothing so bad he needed to go to the hospital. So when he looked down and saw the knife wedged into his upper arm, it was a bit of a shock. Of course, shock wears off. The pain was bad, but he was a big boy and could take it. Especially when that cute little doctor gave him some pain meds.

The man, Dr. Dominguez, was short. He stood at only about four foot eight, and would need to look up to stare into Jake's eyes if they stood next to each other. His brown hair was cut short and out of his face. He was a bit surprised to see the doctor had blonde tips in his hair. It didn't look cheesy though, he pulled the look off well. His naturally tan skin was almost a shocking contrast to Jake's own pale skin. But his warm green eyes had a permanent smile in them.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Not hungry?" Arlo asked, as Donovan put his slice of pizza down with a sigh.

"Not for pizza," Donovan shrugged and turned towards the T.V.

"I'm sorry. I'm just really tired today. What do you want? I'll make it tomorrow."

"I don't want it tomorrow, I want it now!" Donovan slammed his fist down on the coffee table, making Arlo jump.

"I'm sorry...But we already ordered pizza so-" Arlo was silenced with a firm backhanded slap to the face. He held his face and tried to stop the tears.

"Don't ever disrespect me again," Donovan said, a cold threat in his voice.

"I wasn't-" Donovan stood and grabbed Arlo by the back of the neck, pulling him up.

"Shut the fuck up!" he shouted in his face. Arlo winced at the faint smell of alcohol under the smell of mint.

"You've been drinking again," Arlo said, fear gripping his heart.

"You gonna stop me?" Donovan smiled wickedly.

"You're not the same when you're drunk, you promised you would stop!" Arlo pushed his hand away, wiggling out of his grip. Donovan's eyes lit up with rage and he pushed Arlo against the wall, wrapping his large hand around Arlo's thin throat. Arlo tugged at his hand, but it didn't even flinch. He tried to beg, but couldn't get the words out. Finally, as the edge of his eyes began to go black, Donovan released him. He fell to the ground and coughed weakly, holding his bruised throat.

"I'm going out," Donovan slammed the door behind him. Arlo cried quietly on the floor. He pushed himself up using the coffee table. He walked unsteadily to the bathroom and looked at the reflection in the mirror. A bruise was already forming on his cheek, and his neck was turning a dark purple as well. He swallowed roughly, the bruised flesh throbbing. He blew his nose and stopped his tears as best he could, before walking back into the living room and shutting off the movie. He cleaned up the spilled drinks and put away the cold pizza. He folded up the blanket they were sharing, and stripped. He crawled into bed and buried his head in his pillow, before letting the tears come again.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Arlo felt like the bruises were the most obvious thing in the world. Like everybody in the hospital knew what had happened. But in reality, they weren't even visible. Under the layers of skin colored make up, the bruises were an ugly purple and black. But Arlo pretended like they weren't there, even though the skin felt tight and painful. He just hoped the swelling wasn't too noticeable. 

"Good morning, Officer Hudson," Arlo smiled at his patient.

"Hey, Doc." The cop looked a lot better today than yesterday. His skin had gotten some color back and he was smiling.

"Let's take a look at that arm," Arlo said, and helped the cop take his shirt off. He had been dressed and waiting to be discharged. Arlo unwrapped his arm and looked at the red wound. "I think you're going to be fine. Just keep it clean and covered and you'll be good to go," Arlo smiled and wrapped the wound in a new bandage. 

"Thanks, Doc," Jake smiled. His teeth were white and straight, and his blue eyes were filled with gratitude. His short black hair was cut neatly and formed waves that would normally be hidden under the issued police cap he was forced to wear. He had a strong build and it was obvious he kept in shape. He was much taller than Arlo, but that only made him seem stronger.

"Of course. I want you to come in for a check up in two weeks, or if there's any problems," Arlo said.

"Alright. Can I ask you something?" Jake smiled.

"Of course," Arlo smiled. "If it's about how you'll perform in bed, I promise it won't affect it," Arlo joked.

"Haha, no, not that," Jake's eyes glowed. "I was wondering if I could take you out to dinner."

"Dinner? Uh..." Arlo bit his lip.

"I'm sorry, Maybe I'm just getting the wrong vibe, but I thought I felt something there..." Jake blushed with embarrassment.

"No, no, no. No need to be embarrassed...you're not wrong about my...uh...interests," Arlo blushed.

"Oh...I see," Jake said, obviously taking it as Arlo wasn't interested in him specifically.

"No! It's not like that either. You're very attractive, and you seem nice. I just..." Arlo stuttered. "You're my patient and it's not right I-"

"I'll get a new doctor. Come on, Doc," Jake almost begged. Arlo bit his lip, how could he even consider this? He loved Donovan...he did...

"I'm sorry but I...", as he was about to refuse, he felt his throat throb from the swollen flesh. He swallowed and before he knew it, the words fell out of his mouth. "Okay. How about tomorrow? Instead of dinner what about lunch? I'm off on Saturdays," Arlo smiled. Saturday was the day he had to himself. Donovan worked, but it was his day off.

"Okay, sure," Jake nodded. 

"Okay. Oh, uh..." Arlo stopped himself from staring long enough to scribble his cell phone number down on a piece of paper.

"I'll call you, Doc," Jake held up the piece of paper as he slipped his jacket on.

"Please, call me Arlo," Arlo blushed.

"Sure thing, Doc," Jake winked, and left the hospital room.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Arlo spooned a large helping of baked macaroni onto Donovan's plate. He had showered and the make up had been washed off. Now his bruises were free to remind Donovan of what he had done, though it didn't seem to bother him. 

"This is good," Donovan grunted.

"Thank you," Arlo said quietly. He wasn't really hungry, and only pushed the cheesy mess around on his plate.

"How was work?" Donovan asked.

"Good...that cop I told you about was discharged today..." Arlo mumbled.

"That's good. He going to be okay?" Donovan asked, still not looking up at Arlo.

"Yeah..." Arlo said quietly. Donovan sighed and dropped his fork.

"I'm sorry about last night, you know how I get. It was a long day at work and I just needed to relax with a few beers," Donovan said.

"A few beers or half a bottle of jack daniels?" Arlo snapped, be fore he could stop himself.

"Do not raise your voice to me!" Donovan yelled back. Arlo was silent.

"I'm sorry," he whispered.

"Damn fucking right you are," Donovan snapped. "This is MY house. You are MY Boyfriend. You make MY dinner, and you keep your fucking whore mouth shut!" Donovan shouted, getting louder with each exclamation. Arlo kept his eyes trained on the ground and accepted the abuse. He wanted to curl up into a ball and cry, but he didn't. "I can drink in my own fucking house if I want to!" Donovan continued. "You good for nothing, slut!" he screamed. He pulled his hand back to slap Arlo, who flinched in anticipation. He stopped and Arlo opened his eyes slowly. His hand was still raised, but he only stared at Arlo with insane eyes. Both were breathing heavy. Donovan dropped his hand, before grabbing Arlo's shoulder roughly and dragging him into the bedroom. He threw him on the bed roughly, and tugged his loose pants down.

"Donovan, stop!" Arlo kicked at him, while trying to sit up.

"Shut the fuck up!" he swore, and leaned forward on Arlo's back, pinning him face down onto the bed. Arlo struggled underneath him while Donovan pulled his cock out of his pants. He yanked Arlo's hips up, while forcing his head down onto the bed. Before Arlo could say anything more, he shoved the head of his cock into his ass. Arlo screamed in pain as he was forced open by the intrusive member.

"Shit! Donovan stop, it hurts!" Arlo cried, trying to crawl away from his lover.

"I said shut the fuck up!" Donovan tried to shove his cock in farther. Arlo screamed again. Tears fell from his eyes as Donovan tried to fuck him without any lube. He grunted, and eventually gave up. He reached over to the bedside table and pulled out a small bottle of lube. He squirted some quickly into his hand and roughly pushed a finger inside to spread the lube, before pushing his cock in again. It went a little easier this time, but Arlo was still tense and trying to fight Donovan off.

He grunted as he tried to keep Donovan from entering him, but gave up when Donovan started fucking him slowly. He buried his head in the pillow he was thrown on, and didn't fight the unwanted fucking. Soon, Donovan tensed and filled Arlo's ass with warm cum. He rolled off his boyfriend and swung his legs over the side of the bed. Arlo kept his head down as he listened to the sound of Donovan pulling on a pair of pants and leaving the room. Arlo curled in on himself and cried. The bed no longer felt like home. It felt like hell.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When Arlo woke up, Donovan was already gone. Or he had never come home, he didn't really care either way. He didn't wake up to the sound of birds chirping or children laughing, but to the sound of the phone ringing. With eyes swollen from crying, and neck swollen from beatings, he answered the phone.

"Hello?" he rasped.

"Hello?? Doc?" It was Jake. Arlo sat up and tried to ignore the feeling of dry cum on his ass and between his thighs.

"Officer Hudson," he pulled the sheets around him.

"Hey, are you okay? You don't sound so great. Call me Jake," he said. Arlo could hear his smile over the phone, but also the worry.

"Yeah, I'm fine. I just wasn't awake yet," Arlo said, trying to clear his throat but it was obvious it wasn't sleep keeping him raspy, but the bruised flesh.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I'll call back later," Jake was about to hang up.

"No no no! It's fine. I'm up now. Besides it's already... noon? What the fuck," Arlo swore. He never slept in.

"Yeah...that's why I was calling. Lunch..." Jake laughed nervously.

"Of course. Uh, I don't have my car..." Arlo said, looking out the window to see that Donovan had taken his poor Altima.

"That's fine, I can pick you up," Jake said. "Give me your address." Arlo told him, and as soon as they hung up, rushed to get ready. After he showered and scrubbed himself as clean as he could, he applied the makeup carefully, hiding the purple bruises. Even after he was scrubbed clean, covered in makeup, and in fresh clothes, he still didn't feel clean. During his shower he had discovered a fair amount of blood mixed in with the dried semen. It didn't make him feel much better.

His worries were forgotten when an old red chevy pulled up. Jake got out of the car and was walking up the path to the house when Arlo met him halfway. 

"Ready to go?"

"Yeah, I'm starving." Arlo smiled. He glanced around once, before climbing into the old chevy 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~