 This is part of an ongoing story over multiple Categories with common characters. 

************

I was sitting at Cup in Time drinking my doppio and was thinking how so much had changed in a little over a year. Cyndee and I weren't together anymore although we were definitely "friends with benefits". We didn't get together much anymore, especially since Dave introduced me to guys. 

Sure, I was introduced to two other girls that were "friends with benefits", but that wasn't what was occupying my time. Cocks; that's what kind of got out of hand, I mean really, ten guys? Fuck, ten different guys! That wasn't even counting the five lovely ladies with cocks. 

Of course I only had eight guys in town and lovely Lori, the others were occasional hookups, but I was wondering when I had become a cum slut. Is there a certain number? Three, five; double figures? Fuck it, I am what I am and truthfully, I didn't give a shit what anyone thought and I may be going to hell, but at least I'm enjoying the ride. Look that one up! 

"Tom? Mind if I join you," Kathy asked. Did I mind if she joined me, holy shit, I had helped spit roast her last week! I guess she was being polite.

"Of course, have a seat," I replied.

She said she was on her way home from work and wanted a boost so stopped by Cup in Time. We chatted a bit and laughed some then she leaned towards me and quietly said "What happened last week. That was kind of crazy, but I liked it, a lot."

"I'm happy to hear that, you were amazing," I said. I could feel my cock getting hard as we talked.

"Yeah, thanks," she said. "Soooo, you're not going to mention it to Cyndee, are you?"

I gave her quizzical "What the fuck" look and told her, "Of course not. Grownups doing grownup things means it stays private. I'm really good at keeping secrets and I expect the same from other people. Are you going to tell her?"

Knowing Cyndee, well no one really knows Cyndee, she does her own thing and it's hard trying to figure out what it is. Maybe she wouldn't give a shit or maybe she'd get pissed and try to fuck five guys to one up Kathy. Okay, maybe not five, but I know she'd do at least three for sure. Well four if Kathy told her she had did three, anyway Kathy said "Of course not."

"I like that you like privacy and all that, Tom. I like that a lot," she said. "Can I ask you a question?'

Uhh, oh. "Sure."

"I've heard you've been with a, uh, tranny," she whispered. "So has Cyndee."

"Go on," I said.

"Well, how would I go about doing that?" she asked.

"Ever been to Vegas?" I asked.

"Yeah."

"I kind of have some connections there," I said.

"Yeah, but Cyndee would want to go," Kathy replied. "And she didn't ask me to go when you and she went."

"That wasn't her fault," I said. "The people we met wanted just us two to go. They don't even know you."

"Okay, fine," she said. "But is there a way just you and I could go?'

Uh, oh. Just her and I? Hook up with Kelly K., Leah and Susie. Heck, I wouldn't want her around if I could be with Kelly. Pass her on to Leah and Susie? 

"So, you me and one of the girls?" I asked.

"Or two."

"You wouldn't need me you know," I said.

"Yeah, I guess," she said and slyly added "If you don't want to be there with me, you wouldn't have to."

Oh shit, she is one sly bitch, I decided.

"You know," I said as I stood up. "Let me see what I can do." She looked worried or stressed, so I added "How much notice would you need?"

"Oh," she said, a bit more pleased. "Maybe a day or two if it's going to be a weekend. Couple of weeks if it would be during the week."

I thought I'd give her something to think about, "Ever did it with a black guy?"

She hesitated then said, "No. But, but, I'd be interested with the right guy."

"Okay, sweetie," I said. "I'll get back to you. Really liked doing this with you; we should do this again, or something else if you want."

Okay, now I was fucking with her, but who knows. Better to keep all options on the table.

"Ding!"

I got a text and as I left I looked back and saw Scott looking at me and nodding. The text was from him.

Scott – "You can use the store room if you want to fuck her."

Me – "What?"

Him – "Just messing with you. I've seen her before. With Cyndee."

Me – "Yeah, it's her roomie, I think."

Him – "You have some free time in the next day or two?"

Me – "I could. What's up?"

Him – "Debbie wants to meet you."

Me – "Meet me?"

Him – "Yeah. She knows you and I are friendly."

Me – "Does she know?"

Him – "Maybe. She saw a couple of texts."

Me – "Great. Now what?"

Him – "Not sure. So you have time?"

Me – "Sure, ask her what works for her."

Him – "K. Where?"

Me – "See what she says. Later."

Him – "Later."

Ah fuck, first Kathy and her "I want to outdo Cyndee" desires and now Debbie wondering if Scott and I fuck or suck each other. 

"Ding".

WTF?

Scott – "She says how about lunch tomorrow?"

Me – "You both off?"

Him – "Yeah. How about 1130?"

Me – "Find out where she wants to meet and let me know."

Him – "Sal's Pizza Place."

Me – "Great. See you guys then."

Him – "Can I come by tonight?"

Me – "Sorry man, have something to do. Try Dave."

Him – "Already did. Later."

Cool, I was his second choice. Hooking him up with Dave was a good idea. But he had the right idea, he wanted cock and now so did I. I texted Aaron.

Me – "How's it going?"

Aaron – "Good, good. You? Have plans tonight?"

Me – "Are you kidding? I was just thinking about you."

Him – "Cool. What time? Want some In n Out?"

Me – "Yes, both ways. 7 work?"

Him – "See you then. Looking forward to it."

Me – "Hey, want a third?"

Him – "Who?'

Oh, look at him getting all picky and shit.

Me – "Someone you don't know but I can recommend."

Him – "Can I still fuck and suck you?" 

Me – "Fuck yeah. And we can fuck and suck him then send him home. "

Him – "Oh yeah. Then you choose. I'll bring dinner for three."

Time to text some guys, hell. If none were available worst case scenario; extra In n Out and still get Aaron's cock.

***********

7 o'clock hit and Aaron showed up with the food. I shut the door behind him and said "Ben will be here in about ten minutes."

"Cool," Aaron said as he put the burgers on the table. "He good with everything?" he asked.

"Everything."

Aaron walked up to me, grabbed my head and pulled me towards him. We kissed passionately for a few minutes, rubbing each other's cocks while we did. After few minutes he pulled away.

"Even this?" he asked.

"Especially with cum; anyone's cum," I replied reminiscing on some of the things Ben and I had done.

"That's cool, you've trained him well, I'm guessing," he said with a smile.

I started to take the food out of the bag; Aaron said "I got you a Double, Double, Protein style. I know how much you like your protein."

I laughed, "Don't you mean yours." I went to answer the door, Ben was there and he apologized as he came in.

"Sorry I don't have much time, have an 8 o'clock class, but how could I pass up cock and burgers. Or cock and pizza. Or cock and anything else," he said with a laugh. He stuck his hand out towards Aaron and said, "Hey, I'm Ben."

Aaron shook his hand and replied," Aaron. You like In n Out Burgers? Got you a Double Double."

"Thanks, what do I owe you?" he asked.

"No biggie, we're all good," Aaron said. "Friend of Tom is a friend of mine."

We ate quickly, Ben only having a half hour or so to play. When we finished I said to him "Since you have to be going soon and Aaron and I have all night, we figured we'd take care of you. That work for you?'

Ben smiled and asked, "Are you kidding me? That's really nice of you guys. I could use it; have finals coming up this week."

"C'mon." I said as I headed towards the bedroom. Aaron followed as did Ben. Once there we were out of our clothes in seconds. I pulled out the dildo and bottle of lube and told Ben, "Anyway you want to give or take this stuff."

He smiled as we dropped to our knees. Ben was standing tall and stiff. Aaron grabbed his cock and I licked it. Around the head I circled with my tongue while Aaron began to cup and rub Ben's balls. I took Ben's cock into my mouth, Aaron letting go and sliding between Ben's legs so he could lean back to kiss and lick his balls. Ben took in a slow deep breath as I took him all the way into my hot, wet mouth. Ben's hands dropped to my shoulders, more to hold me than to guide me. I've sucked his cock enough for him to know that I knew what I was doing. Up his cock I went, slow, slower, really slow until I had only the head on my mouth. Then I started down, swallowing every inch or so.

Aaron slid past Ben, got up behind him, and slipped his cock between Ben's butt cheeks. Ben pushed back as I continued to suck his rock hard cock, one hand now massaging his balls.

"Oh fuck, this is hot," Ben said quietly. 

Aaron reached around and began to rub Ben's nipples and licking his neck. "Want to cum hard Ben? Aaron asked.

"Yes," Ben replied then took in another deep breath.

"We want you to cum hard Ben," Aaron said. He grabbed the lube and lubed up his cock then sat back in the chair, pulling Ben slowly with him. I followed; Aaron lined up Ben's asshole to his hard, thick cock, and slipped it in, up to the head.

"You like that Ben?" Aaron asked, slowly sinking deeper into Ben's ass as he sat him on his lap. "Tom's going to suck you off Ben and you'll cum really, really hard. Is that okay?"

"Fuck yeah," Ben said. "Fuck yeah."

Aaron tugged him all the way down, his cock deep inside Ben's ass. I moved forward on my knees and took Ben's legs, tossing them over Aaron's legs, spreading them wide. I looked at Ben, his eyes widened and I went down.

I grabbed his cock, rubbed it to my lips, my wet lips. My other hand returned to his heavy balls and I cupped and rubbed them, my head starting down his hard shaft.

Aaron flexed his asshole, making his cock thicken, while rubbing Ben's hard nipples. I was down nose to crotch, and oh so slow. Aaron opened and closed his legs a little bit, pushing Ben's legs wider, and dropping him deeper onto Aaron's cock.

"Oh geez," Ben said, his ass filled with hard cock, his cock in my hot and wet mouth. I started to move up and down, slowly picking up speed.

With his ass filled, nipples hard and being stroked, cock being expertly sucked; Ben was almost there. I went faster and faster, I wanted his cum as much as Ben wanted to cum. It didn't take long; after he had to get to school on time.  

Up and down up and down my wet mouth went then, bam! Ben started to blow his hot, wet large load into my mouth. I barely got the first bit in as I was on the way up his cock, okay some may have slipped out, put I took the second, third, fourth; hey, when someone's blowing a load of cum in our mouth, especially a young guy like Ben, it's hard to tell when he's still shooting cum or starting to dry fire. The way he was yelling, I don't think it mattered much.

"Oh shit; fuck I'm cumming hard!" he said. After a bit Ben pushed me away, I didn't want to go, and I sat back. He climbed off of Aaron's cock and laid back on the bed, breathing hard and deep, trying to catch up.

Hey Ben," I asked. "Mind if I fuck your mouth while Aaron fucks your ass?"

"Do I mind? Fuck that;" he replied. "You better."

"Cool," Aaron said. "You just lay there Ben, we'll do the work."

I slipped a pillow under Ben's ass and one under his head. Aaron shoved his hard cock in Ben's ass; I grabbed his head and turned it to face me as I knelt next to him, slipping cock into his mouth. Ben was a trooper, grabbed my cock and went to town. "Give me that cum Tom" he said. "I want it."

As I began to slide in and out of his mouth, at a steady deep clip, Aaron began to pump his ass faster and faster. Hey we knew Ben had to be at school so we didn't want him to be late. We wanting to fill both his holes with hot cum may have been part of it too, but hey, just saying.

Ben's mouth was wet, really wet. He had a good grip on my cock and worked it really well. His other hand moved across his chest to my balls; now that's enthusiasm, impressive seeing how he had cum so fucking hard just a bit ago.

Speaking of cumming, Aaron was there. He yelled "Ahhhhhh!" and began to fill Ben's asshole up with cum. Aaron's balls bounced with each spurt, him dry firing until he couldn't take it anymore. With one last deep thrust he backed up and fell back to the chair.

Freed up, Ben rolled over to his knees and told me to lay back. I love young guys, all energetic and shit; I did and he started to suck me really fast. Hand to lips his wet mouth slid up and down and up and down. Looking at this young guy sucking my cock made it even hotter. I started to cum and cum a lot!

Ben made yummy sounds as I shot spurt after spurt of hot cum into his mouth. I shot until I dry fired, couldn't take it anymore and pulled away. Ben got up and leaned over me, saying "Open your mouth!"

I did and he did, about a foot above me, cum oozing from his mouth into mine. He quickly followed it to my lips and we kissed. After a bit he pulled away and stood up off of the bed. Looking at his watch he said, "I'd love to fuck some more, but I can't be late. Thanks guys; Aaron, if you want, Tom can text me your phone number, we could have good times."

"Will do," Aaron said as Ben got ready to leave. "Wish you could stay."

Ben smiled, "Me too. I've been with Tom a few times, you're in for a treat; but I bet you already know that. Take care."

After Ben left Aaron asked if he could have Ben's number. "Of course," I said with a hint of jealousy. He walked over to be, dropped to his knees and took my soft cock into his mouth. It doesn't take much with Aaron; I started to get hard. He spun his tongue around my cock, stepped up and pulled me close. Our lips met and we kissed deeply, his hand on my cock. He pulled away and said, "Don't worry; you'll always be my favorite."

"How long can you be here?" I asked. Aaron smiled and said, "All night if you want me."

"What?"

"The missus and the kids are in Albuquerque visiting her mom," he replied. "Kids are on summer break. I have to work, so figures this would be a good time for them visit."

"How long for?"

"Got there yesterday, coming back next Friday," he said.

"Oooooo," I said. "We could have some fun if you wanted to."

"I'm counting on it," he replied.

We sat and watched some Netflix, with him not having to be home, we could go at our own pace. 

"What time's work?" I asked as we sipped beers.

"I should be there by 9," he replied.

"I should be starting to work about then too," I said.

"Yeah right, fucking writers," he said with a laugh. "Yeah, work," he said with blend of sarcasm and jealousy.

"Alright, fuck off," I said. "Meet me in my office." I got up and headed for, well, my office. Once there we went to the stand-up desk I have. I tossed off my robe and told Aaron to do the same. He was starting to get hard, I already was, and he saw it and smiled.

I logged on to the internet and went to the Vegas Tranny Escort site I had bookmarked. Click, click, click; I was on Kelly's page. I pushed the laptop towards the back of the desk. Grabbing Aaron I bent him over it, facing the site, ass to me. I lowered the desk to make him comfortable and said I'll be right back.

When I came back with the bottle of lube and was lubing my cock up he asked, "Is this the tranny you fucked?"

I got up behind and bent him forward, elbows on the desk. I pushed my hard cock between his ass cheeks.

"Oh yeah, that's my honey," I replied. "Click the page and check her out. Take a look at Leah and Susie too.'

I lined my cock to his asshole and slipped the head in; it went in easy. One nice thing about taking it in the ass, do it enough time and it adjusts.

"Holy shit," Aaron said, more from Kelly, Susie and Leah than from my cock that was now balls deep in him. "Tell me again, you fucked all three? Oh man, that's nice," he said as I started to slide my cock in and out of his grateful ass.

I started to pull back then push forward, always deep, balls against his ass, but slow.

"Yeah, all three and you could fuck at least two of them if you want," I said. "They could take turns fucking your ass and you could do the same to them and even more." I pushed hard and deep for emphasis.

"Oh," Aaron said with pleasure. "Really?"

"Of course," I said, pumping a bit quicker. "We could be in and out of Vegas in a day if you want."

Aaron leaned back, taking my cock deeper, my balls now starting to bang against this ass. 

"We could leave after work one night, about 5." I said, Fuck, Aaron had one of the best asses to fuck and yes, asses are different.

"I can get off at 3," he replied taking a deep breath as he took my hard cock deep over and over. "Then what?"

"We're there by 7, dinner at 8, and we can have one or more of them around 9; maybe an hour or so, my treat." I'm going to cum really soon, I was hard, he was tight, and the lube kept him wet. I was going to cum.

"Oh fuck yeah, fuck me hard Tom, I need your cum in me," he said. "Would we drive back the same night?"

Oh shit, I was about there. "Yes," I said quickly.

Aaron laughed and said, "You're going to cum in me aren't you?"

"Yes!" I yelled and pumped my first gob of cum up his ass, followed by one or two more, and a butt load of dry fires. Bam! Bam! Bam! Okay, I have to confess, as I was fucking him I would take glances at the ladies on the site he was visiting, but he didn't care. I stepped back.

Aaron grabbed me and pushed onto the futon, making me get on my knees, hugging the back of the futon, ass at cock level. He lubed up, I didn't care if he did or not, I knew I'd be wet soon enough and he slid his cock in, right to the balls, with no hesitation on his or my part.

I pushed back on his cock, his balls slamming into my ass as he pushed forward, deep and hard, "Fill me up!" I said loudly. "Fuck me hard Aaron! Fuck your bitch!"

He slapped my ass and dove deep inside me over and over. "I'm going to fill you up Tom," he said and he pumped me hard and fast. He grabbed my waist and pulled me towards him, as if I needed the help, and fucked me hard. I knew he was close to cumming; he was breathing heavy and muttering "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" under his breath.

"Oh shit!" he yelled as he exploded into my ass, my gripping and willing ass. I felt the heat of his cum, the quick change to dry firing as this was his second time cumming, and played with my nipples as we fucked. After a way too short amount of time he pulled out, slapped my ass one more time, and moved back to the chair.

I got up, walked over to him and kissed him deeply. "You know I'm your bitch Aaron, any time you want me."

He looked me in the eyes and said, "And I'm your bitch Tom, any time you want me. Now when are we going to Vegas?"

************