 This is part of an ongoing story over multiple Categories with common characters. 

*****

Dave called me on the phone and asked "Are you and Lori a "thing".

"What are you talking about?" I asked. 

"Well every time she sees you and comes back to work she's in a good mood, all happy and crap. It gets annoying after a while."

I liked hearing that about Lori as I hoped to see her again and, well, fuck her. But I also knew Dave.

"Hmm, you're getting annoyed that someone in your office is happy," I said. "So you're stressed is what I gather from it."

"Okay, yeah."

"And I know when you get your cock sucked, your stress disappears," I continued.

"Uh yeah,"

"So you want me to suck your cock?" I said.

"That would be great, but I don't have much time," he replied. "But I am downstairs from your place."

"What?!"

"Actually I'm walking up the stairs."

"Are for kidding me?" I asked him.

"No, no I'm not," he said. I heard a knock at the door. "And I'm knocking on your door."

I opened it up and there he was, hanging up his phone. He stepped inside and said, "Now before you get mad, remember I introduced you to Lori, and also was the first cock you sucked, that should mean something as well as the first ass you fucked."

"Go on," I said.

"Plus you always said you would suck my cock anytime; anytime you said."

I laughed and asked, "How much time do you have?"

"Well I have a 2 o'clock meeting to finalize this deal, it's 1 o'clock now, figure 30, 35 minutes to travel, so about 15, 20 minutes?"

"Motherfucker," I said with a laugh. "Well c'mon get those clothes off, I don't want to get any lube on them."

"Lube?" He asked as he headed toward the bedroom.

"Yeah," I said. "I'm going to make sure that dildo is all the way up your ass when you blow your load."

"Oooooo," Dave said as the last of his clothes fell to the floor. As he lay back on the bed I asked "What would have happened if I already had someone else here?"

"Spit roast?" he replied.

I slid the lubed dildo into his ass. It went easy, like going to a home away from home. In and out I slid it. Dave's eyes flashed as we locked eyes and I grabbed his cock.

"You know," I said as I licked the head of his cock. "I'm going to get you off and you aren't going to have time to suck me or for me to fuck you."

"I know," he said with a deep intake of breath.

I swirled the head of his cock with my mouth, keeping eyes locked then said "But you're going to owe me one. What do you think about that?" I cupped his balls and began to stroke his cock.

"I agree, I'll owe you one," he replied.

I moved his cock in my mouth then said, "I want to fuck your ass Dave; at your office and soon." 

"You got it," Dave said, his cock throbbing with anticipation. "Oh fuck Tom, suck me, suck me please!"

I smiled and said, "Deal! And this'll be the best deal you close today." I went down his cock. 

I squeezed his balls nice and slow, I wanted him to last and I wanted him to blow a big load. I fondled then swirled them around, mixing up each technique. After this many cocks, and this much effort on my part, I had developed a few different ways to play with them.

While I did it I went down his cock, one inch at a time, pausing to swallow, to pull his cock deeper into my mouth. He wanted it almost as much as I wanted it as his breath became irregular. Yes, I wanted it, I love to suck cock, it's calming to me, takes me to a good place. Plus I like doing a good job. Like I learned in the restaurant business, its repeat customer's that keep you going.

Down I went inch at a time till I nuzzled his crotch with my nose, cock all the way in. I started to come back up, straight up, at a slow speed. Once I reached the top I went back down; a bit faster. I like changing up the speed, getting a bit faster with each downward stroke until I am going hard and fast.

That was now, my hand wrapped around his cock, my mouth leaving plenty of spit for my hand to stay wet. Up and down, up and down, faster and faster. 

"Here it comes Tom!" he gasped. "Oh fuck!"

As always his first spurt was the largest and this time it didn't disappoint. Pump one, pump two, pump three; he was cumming hard and cumming a lot. This was great as I swallowed the first load then kept the second and third in my mouth. He was going to love this. Dry firing, I kept sucking, I'd suck until he pushed me away, which he did.

As he lay back on the bed I moved up and over him. He knew what was coming and opened his mouth: I let cum drip from my mouth into his mouth for a bit then followed it as we kissed passionately. Cum licking from each other's tongues we continued well after it was gone. Finally I pulled away.

Dave lay there for a minute or two in silence.

"Hey, you have to get going man," I said. "Can't be late."

He looked at me and said "You are so fucking hot Tom. Thanks for all you do to me."

"Glad I can buddy, glad I can," I replied. "Now get going."

As Dave got dressed I went into the kitchen and came back. "Here, take these with you." They were a tin of breath mints. "I don't want you negotiating a deal with cum on our breath."

He cracked up, said thanks and left. 

I was hard as a rock. Who to call? I went down the list of contacts, wrote the same text and sent them all out separately. 

"Have some free time now 'til about 5. Anyone want to cum over here for drinks or  " 

Jason was first. "How can I refuse?"

Me - I texted back - "Bringing Cyndee?"

Him - "Hadn't thought of it. Want me to ask her?"

Me - "Not at all."

Him - "There around 3? That work?"

Me - "See you then." Ding! Another text.

It was Ben. 

Ben - "Have to work later, can be there about 3."

Oooooo, this could be good.

Me - "Hold on."

I texted Jason.

Me - "Interested in a three way?"

About two minutes later. 

Jason - "Who with?"

Me - "Ben."

Him - "Don't know Ben. He cool?"

Me - "Very." 

Him - "I'm in."

I texted Ben back.

Me - "Interested in a three way?"

Ben - "Sure, who with?"

Me - "Jason."

Him - "Don't know Jason. Fun?"

Me - "Everything's on the table with Jason. Everything."

Him - "I'm in."

Man, I had become a fucking slut, but hey, grownups doing grownup things. 

Three o'clock came and went and neither showed up. Yeah right! Three o'clock came and Jason arrived first, then Ben about five minutes later.

"You look familiar," Ben said to Jason. 

"Ever been to Cup in Time?" he asked.

"Yeah, that's it. I have a friend that works there, Scott," he said. Oooo, small town I thought, but really; 50K people in the desert, you constantly meet people who know people, who, well you get it.

Jason nodded, "Scott, yeah. Good guy." I knew Jason was wondering if Ben was fucking Scott too? LOL, don't put your penis in the payroll Jason.

"Shall we gentlemen?" I said motioning to the bedroom.

We walked in and started to toss off our clothes. I grabbed the dildo and lube and asked "Any preferences guys?

Ben said "Yeah," looking at Jason. "I want to taste that cock." Jason smiled and looked at me. "Spit roast?" he mouthed. Jason nodded and lay back on the bed. "Come taste it Ben, all for you."

Ben smiled and climbed onto the bed. He spread Jason's legs wide, knelt down and leaned forward, grabbing Jason's cock in his hand. Slipping the head of it into his mouth, licked it and said "Oh yeah, nice." Jason began to play with his nipples.

Ben was getting into it now, taking Jason pretty deep. I lubed up my cock and one finger, and got up behind Ben. One knee on the bed and one foot on it I pressed my finger to, then into Ben's ass. He rose up a bit, more surprise than anything, said. "Oh yeah Tom, that's it," and kept sucking. I grabbed his hips, lined up my cock to his asshole and then pushed it in. I pushed slowly, but straight in, all the way in, until my balls bumped his ass. He moaned in pleasure.

I looked at Jason while Ben sucked his cock, while I fucked his ass. Down went Ben's wet mouth, his hand adding to the pleasure on Jason's cock. Deep in and then out slid my hard cock, Ben's asshole clamping down on it tight as I fucked him.

We did this for about five minutes, Ben, me and Jason alternating moans and exclamations of "Fuck me (Ben)". "Damn that's good (Jason)". And "Your ass is so tight (me)."

After a bit I pulled out of Ben, not wanting to cum. I pulled Ben away and said "Switch," He backed up and looked at me, I pulled Jason up and gave him the lube - "Fuck me!" and then pushed Ben back on the bed. I opened my mouth and grabbed Ben's cock. He said "Oh nice," and placed his hands onto my shoulders. Soon after, very soon after, I could feel Jason's wet cock at my asshole, then deep inside my ass.

"Fuck me, Jason!" I said loudly then took Ben's cock back in my mouth. I wanted cum in both ends and did the best to do it. Okay. Jason did the work on my asshole as he began to pound me, his balls banging me. I wasn't sure if he had any animosity towards me about the Cyndee thing, but if he did, this would be a great way to get even with me. That's it Jason, fuck my ass hard and give me that sweet cum.

Meanwhile, I was licking, swirling and sucking the hell out of Ben. Up and down my hot, wet, mouth moved over his fucking hard cock. I licked the finger on my other hand and shoved it inside his ass, knowing he'd like it. As I finger fucked him he blew his load.

Ben could cum. The first splash of semen was followed quickly by the second and third. When your asshole is full, you can't clamp down so when you cum, it's like a long continuous spurt, one I was taking in as fast as I could.

"Oh fuck me!" Jason yelled as he exploded. For a split second cum was filling my asshole up and someone else's cum was splashing in my mouth. It was heaven, but didn't last long with Jason still shooting cum into me after Ben had started to dry fire. He pushed me away while Jason kept fucking me.

Oh yeah. Fast and deep, Jason fucked the hell out of my wet ass until he couldn't do anymore and moved away. I stood up, ass a bit sore but in a good way and looked at Jason and Ben, both spent.

I went to the bathroom, cum dripping from my asshole, wiped up my cock and brought a wet towel for Jason. I looked at both of them, not sure what I was going to do next. Hell, I wasn't sure. 

"Ding!"

Oh shit, a text. I had to look or did I? I did, it was Cyndee!

Cyndee - "Have you seen Jason? One of his employees said he told him he was going to your place." 

Are you fucking kidding me? I looked at Jason and shook my head. "Really?"

"Really what?" he replied.

I tossed him the phone. He read the text and laughed. The he punched in a text and sent it off. He tossed the phone back to me. I read the text.

Jason - "He just finished fucking me and now he's going to suck my cock."

"What is wrong with you?!" 

"I moved out yesterday," he said. "Fuck her; she didn't want to play by the rules."

I didn't know what to say. He continued "I caught her fucking Kathy when I got home from work early. She knew the rules and she broke them."

"You're kidding me?" I asked. "What rule was that?"

"No fucking someone, anyone on the side," he said. "Not without having the decency to let the other person know first. She said it never bothered you so she though it wouldn't bother me."

"What didn't bother me?" I asked.

"When she fucked Kathy while you guys lived together," he replied. "She said it was grownups doing grownup things."

I didn't know what to say, but Ben did. "You know, this sounds all confusing and I hope things work out, but I have to be to work soon. So can I suck you off Tom?"

Jason said, "That sounds great Ben," and grabbed me. Turning around he sat in the chair, pulled me towards him, and sat me on his lap. His legs slipped over mine and pulled them wide apart. Locked in like this, I couldn't move. He licked my neck and started to play with my nipples, my really hard, nipples.

Ben dropped to his knees, grabbed the dildo and lubed it up. Into my ass he buried it, grabbed my cock and took the head into his mouth. As Jason played and licked, Ben slid the dildo deep and back, deep and back, matching the rhythm of his mouth on my cock. I knew I wasn't going to last very long. 

My phone went "Ding!" as Ben licked my cock with his tongue, swirling it in circles while deep in his mouth. 

"Ding!'

"Ding!" 

I blew my load and Ben kept fucking my ass with the dildo and swallowing my cum, or so I thought. Jason bit my neck, squeezed my nipples as I exploded cum over and over. Finally I fell back, relaxed and still in Jason's arms. Ben got up, leaned over to me and did what had become our usual thing; pumped my cum into my mouth and we fought over who could swallow the most until our tongues were dry. He pulled back and sat on the bed with a smile.

Jason gently pushed me up and onto the floor. He grabbed a pillow from the bed and shoved it under my ass. Lubing up he put his now hard cock at my asshole and pushed; hard and fast.

"Ohhh!" I said loudly. My ass was getting a workout today. Jason leaned forward and pulled my head up; we locked lips and kissed as he pumped my ass. I was his bitch, he could do anything he wanted to me and he was. Jason pounded me while we kissed, me loving it. Then he pulled back, leaned upwards and yelled as he shot his second load up my ass. I couldn't move as Jason pulled out and sat back in the chair.

Ben stood over us and looked first at Jason, then me, then back at Jason. "Hey dude, can I get your number? We should hook up again."

Jason looked at me and asked, "You good with that Tom? I mean he's your buddy."

"Sure, and Scott's your employee," I replied with a smile.

"You know Scott?" Ben asked.

I laughed, "Oh yeah, really good. It's a small town Ben, a small town."

After they left I checked my texts. One text from Cyndee saying - "We have to talk." 

One from Marcus - "I'll be in town on Thursday. Down low?"

And one from Lori - "Want to have dinner with Ellen and me tomorrow?"

Man, I need to get a calendar. 

***********

Marcus texted me and said he was free for an hour or two if I was interested. "Have to leave town tonight."

I looked at my watch and texted him back - 

Me - "You hungry. For food?""

Him - "Yeah, I could eat. What's up?"

Me - "I'm out and about. There's an In n Out I can get to in ten minutes. Meet me there and we can figure it out."

Him - "Done."

When I got there I saw him getting out of his Euro car. I pulled up and parked the van next to him.

"Damn Tom," he said. "That's a nice van and pretty new too. Business must me pretty good, yeah?"

I smiled as said, "I'm doing good. Want some lunch?"

Marcus squinted and said "Dude, I thought we were friends?"

"What? Yeah I thought so too. What's wrong?"

He shook his head and said, "You didn't even invite me in to check out your van."

"Really?"

He laughed, "Actually, I been thinking about sucking that cock of yours and well, it is a van. I mean; you know."

Oh shit! Hell yeah I'll do it in a van with Marcus. "You got it," I said as I unlocked the driver's door and climbed in. I unlocked the passenger side and Marcus climbed in. As I got the van set up for privacy Marcus said, "Damn, these smell nice."

I turned around. Oh fuck! Marcus had Cyndee's panties up near his nose. I knew I should have taken those in.

"Your girlfriend?" he asked.

"Was, but not now," I replied.

"Oh, and you're still fucking her?" he said and laughed. "You dog!"

"Yeah we still do, you know, grownups doing grownup things," I said as I started to undo my pants.

"Well if she ain't your girlfriend any more, maybe we could do her together? Just saying."

"Why don't you suck my cock and I'll think about it," I said.

Marcus nodded, smiled and leaned forward, grabbing my cock with his hand. "I look forward to coming here on business Tom. It's nice having a cock to suck and to be sucked by a level headed dude like you. I don't do drama man." He took his tongue and licked the head of my cock. Looking down and seeing him on my cock made me hot.

He rubbed me across his lips, back and forth, then opened his mouth and took the head inside. He sucked it for a minute or two, lifted his head slightly and said, "That's what I'm talking about," then back down on my cock. Except this time he went down, down, and down, taking me into his mouth.

"Damn Marcus, this is hot," I said, like he didn't know that. Up he went, slowly then down slowly his hot, wet, mouth made my cock ache. He did this for about five minutes straight, never speeding up, as my cum built up.

Then he pulled off and started to unzip his pants. "You have any lube bro'" he asked. I smiled and said, "Check the cabinet to the left. He smiled and said "I knew you were a good planner," opened the cabinet and pulled out a bottle of lube, right next to Mr. Pink. "Man, Tom, you think of everything. Now I'm going to fuck your ass, lie down face on that bean bag chair. No, face up bro'."

I did as I was told, the angle of the bean bag chair lifting my ass up. I watched as Marcus lubed that big fucking cock and was glad to know that I already had it up my ass once before, and even happier to know I was going to get it again. I felt the large, lubed, head at my asshole as we locked eyes. "I want you to jack off while I fuck you Tom."

I reached down and grabbed my cock just as Marcus started to push. Oh fuck, it was big, hard, and hot and it was right where I wanted it. Slowly he pushed it in deeper, about halfway, and then slowly he pulled it back to head deep. 

I was jerking my cock slow as well, Marcus had already built my cum up by his great cock sucking, but I wanted to extend this out as far as I could. In and deep he went, up and down I stroked.

"I'm going to fill you up Tom before or after you cum, that's up to you," he said as he started to increase his speed. As he did so did I, my balls aching to cum. Marcus grabbed my legs and pinned them to his chest, then started to bang me hard and deep, his large balls banging my ass as he did.

"That's it Marcus, that's it!" I said loudly, hopefully not too loud, and stroked faster and faster. I was going to cum, he was going to cum. I'd love to say it happened at the same time, but what are the odds? No, I started to shoot my load and he kept fucking me. The first large spurt of cum almost hit me in the face, resting on my neck, the next two or three hitting my chest, then lower. I kept pumping, nothing coming out, but it felt so good. After a few more strokes I laid back, hand off of my cock, totally spent.

"Nice load Tom, I want some of that," Marcus said as he kept pumping. He fucked my ass for at least two minutes more, in, out, in out balls banging and deep. I was definitely going to feel it tomorrow, but right now I didn't give a fuck. I reached up and began to play with his nipples and that sent him over the edge!

Bam! A huge spurt of hot cum filled my ass. Bam! A second one closely followed, Marcus groaning as he filled me up. On the third he stayed in deep, not moving as a fourth and fifth pumped inside me. Finally he pulled away and sat down, shook his head, and said. "Damn Tom. This shit just keeps getting better."

I reached for a towel, he pushed me back and said, "Oh no, bro'" and leaned forward. Lying on top of me and starting from my waist, he licked all of my cum, his long, but now soft cock rubbing against me as he moved upwards. When he took the last of it into his mouth he pressed his mouth on mine and we kissed, my cum being swallowed between us. 

"Sorry it's not hot, next time it will be," he said after pulling away from me. We spent the next few minutes shooting the shit and getting dressed. As we climbed out of the van he said "I'm ready for that burger," as we headed indoors. 
