 You could say that when I was 18 I was a little "Cock Crazy." I had yet to lose my virginity, but still had given my fair share of blowjobs. One of my favorite things to do was find a businessman staying in my town on craigslist, go to his hotel, and then suck him off and get that hot, delicious cum. I could go on and on about the different men I took in my mouth. However, this story is not about that. This story is about the first man who really turned me out, and his name is Tom.

It was just like any normal day in January. I had just left school, and was on a site hungry for some cock. After a couple minutes, I got a message from an older looking man who lived near me. I was ecstatic! We chatted for a little bit, and exchanged pictures. He had a well-toned body and beautiful long, thick cock. It would be in understatement to say that I was a little excited. Immediately I drove over to his house. As I waited for him to come outside, I grew a little nervous. Eventually he came out, got in my car, and we drove off to a nice private spot. There was a brief introduction, and then my lips were wrapped around his dick. It was more perfect than it looked in the pictures. Long, fat, with a nice plump head and long hanging balls. I was in heaven. Deep-throating it, licking it, and sucking it. Tom loved every second of it and heaping praise on to me, and encouraged me to keep going. He finally finished in my mouth and his cum was delicious. After we were done, I drove him back to his house, and we exchanged numbers. 

We texted throughout the next couple weeks and got to know each other a little better. I started to really grow fond of him, and I think he felt the same way about me too. Naturally, a few naughty messages were exchanged as well. One day I told him I was a virgin, and he said to me that he wanted to change that. The wheels were set in motion for a night that would change my life. I knew my parents were going to a party the Friday he wanted to fuck me. It could not have been a more perfect opportunity. 

Friday eventually came, and I could not have been a more nervous wreck. However, Tom knew this, and reassured me that everything would be fine. I said I was born to take cock, and my oral skills reflected this. Though it made me feel better, I was still nervous. Even so, I wanted to go through with it. I went to his house and walked in the door. The lights were dimmed and he had candles lit. I couldn't of imagined a better environment. I stripped off my clothing and got on all fours and on top of an ottoman like he instructed. I sat there, vulnerable and nervous for what felt like forever. Eventually, Tom walked in the room and gave me a passionate kiss and made sure I was ready. I told him I was. After I gave him my consent, he pulled his cock out let me get him nice and ready. 

While I was doing this, he was loosening up my hole with a combination of lube and his fingers. I was hornier than I'd ever been, and started to beg him to fuck me. Fortunately, he was happy to obliged. He got behind me, spread my ass cheeks apart, and slowing started to push his cock in to my tight hole. I'd never felt anything like it. It hurt but it felt so good at the exact same time. I was moaning like a bitch in heat as his cock slid deeper and deeper inside me. After he was all the way in, he started to really pound me. It was dirty, sweaty, sexy, and passionate. I was screaming and he was panting, slamming me prostate again and again. This continued for what felt like forever, and ended in one of the strongest orgasms I've ever had, and a hot load of cum in my ass. 

I cleaned myself up, and gave him a kiss to thank him for such a transformative experience. I knew after that that I was a huge slut for cock, and would be at Tom's house nearly every day letting him make me his anal whore.