 This is part of an ongoing story over multiple Categories with common characters. 

*****

I was sucking Gary's cock; it had been awhile since the last time and his mind was elsewhere. I didn't care as his cock was hard and here so wherever he was; it's all good.

"I like you sucking my cock Tom," he said.

I went "Uh, uh." Not sure what he heard as I had a mouthful of cock, but anyway, he continued "And I like sucking your cock; fucking your ass too."

"Uh, uh,"

"Oh and you fucking my ass too," he continued as I sucked. "I like Scott too."

"Uh, uh."

"But I don't see you guys often enough," he said. "I know you guys all have other cocks to suck, I bet quite a lot too, but I don't, so I don't see you nearly enough."

"Uh, uh."

"I just wish I knew more guys," he said.

Okay that was enough, his cock was getting soft and that ain't happening. I said, "I will hook you up with so many guys, you could get cock every day, buddy. What you like that?"

"Oh hell yeah," he said, his cock getting harder.

"How about sucking two or three cocks at a time Gary?" I asked. I stroked his nipples as I licked his getting even harder dick.

"Oh for sure, two or three, for sure."

He was hard now. "Okay, then you relax and blow a load in my mouth and I'll get you set up."

"Really Tom? I'd appreciate that," he said. "Oh, fuck, you're making my cock ache!"

I sucked him off, we said out goodbyes and I sent out a group text to a select group of guys.

Me - "Have a newbie with a nice cock. Wants to meet LOTS of guys. Everything's on the table." - Send!

"Ding!"

"Ding!"

"Ding!"

"Ding!"

"Ding!"

************

Gary was excited, really excited. I had told him that I had set him up to meet four, four new cocks. We got together at Cup in Time to chat.

"And they do it all Gary, just like you do." I said.

"Everything?" he asked.

"Oh yeah, and they all did it to me one night a while ago. Eight loads, four and four," I replied.

"They came in you eight times in one night? Holy fuck," he exclaimed. "How was it?"

"Amazing," I said "But my ass was a bit sore the next day. Worth it though."

"I could get eight loads in me?" he asked. "Will Scott be one of them?" 

"No; ten," I replied. "I'll want some of you too." Actually, I was seeing if I could scare him off. I wanted him to be ready for anything. "Also Scott isn't one of them."

"Ten; ten loads of cum in my..."

"Ass and mouth," I finished his sentence.

"Eight was a lot, right?" he asked. 

"Okay, I'm just fucking with you," I said with a smile. "I'll intro you to four new guys and you can have as many as you want. We tend to pair off many times when we get together, no special rhyme or reason. After that you can get their phone numbers and can text them any time you want some fun."

"Really?" he asked; eyes a bit wide.

"Yes, really," I said. "I asked them all and they all went for it. You can never have too much cock to suck. Besides, it'll keep you out of the fucking bookstore."

Gary rolled his eyes in an "I'm guilty" look and Jason came over to wipe the table next to us.

"How's it going Tom?" he asked. "Been busy today."

"That's a good thing, right?"" I replied. "This is Gary; Gary, Jason."

The two shook hands and exchanged pleasantries. Jason nodded than returned to working.

"Is he one of the "club"?" Gary asked.

I just smiled.

************

Gary arrived at 7 that night. That seemed to be our "witching hour". Frank and Dave were already there. Aaron and Carl wouldn't get there until 7:30; didn't want to scare Gary. 

"Frank, Dave, this is Gary," I said as he entered my condo.

"Hey Gary, glad to meet you," Frank said shaking his hand. "Heard good things about you."

"Thanks, same here," Gary replied.

"You'll like the club Gary," Dave said. "All laid back, no questions asked, nothing expected. Each of us only does what makes us comfortable. Glad you're here."

"Something to drink?" I asked Gary.

"I'll have whatever you have the most of," he replied.

"Beer then?"

"Sure, that'd be great."

When I got back the trio were shooting the breeze and getting along fine, Frank and Dave doing their best to make Gary feel comfortable.

After a bit, I said, "Dave; can I suck your dick?"

"Here or the bedroom bro'," he replied.

"If we're lucky it's going to be a long night, make it the bedroom," I said, as we left for the bedroom I heard Frank say "Let's go watch."

When we reached the bedroom Dave and I were out of our clothes in minutes. Dave smiled and sat back in the chair, "Don't forget the dildo and lube," he said. I nodded and went to the drawer.

Frank and Gary stood next to Dave as I got back and dropped to my knees. I grabbed Dave's cock and balls. I placed by tongue at the bottom of his balls and started up, licking slowly from balls to cock, to the very top. As I went from top back down to the balls, Frank and Gary took off their clothes.

"Bring that cock over here Gary," Dave said. Gary moved closer, Dave grabbed his cock and licked it. "Oh man, that's good stuff, Gary. I could get into that; or should I say it could get into me if you wanted." Dave took Gary's cock into his mouth and slowly started to suck. Frank was stroking his cock, looking at his options when there was a knock at the door.

"That should be Carl or Aaron," I said. "Want to take my place here Gary?"

As I stood up, Gary knelt down. He made yummy sounds as he took Dave's cock into his mouth, Frank moving to slip his dick into Dave's mouth. 

Off to a good start I thought as I grabbed a robe and went to the door. Carl and Aaron were there and came in. 

"We all here now?" Aaron asked.

"Yep, and all good," I said. "Hey Carl; why don't you go in there and see what you can do? I don't want to send too many guys in at the same time; don't want to frighten off the newbie."

"Okay, makes sense," he said and off he went.

"Yeah, that's," I was all over Aaron before he could say more, my mouth locked on his. We kissed, hard, deeply, our tongues moving from his to my mouth. I started to unbutton his pants having taken my robe off. He grabbed my throbbing cock while we kissed. After a bit we pulled away, he pulling off his pants, I had taken off his shirt.

"Fuck them," I said. "I want you Aaron, I want you bad."

Now totally naked I grabbed his hand and pulled him towards the couch. Aaron grabbed my shoulders and spun me around, placing me on the couch. He dropped to his knees and forced my thighs wide apart. Our eyes locked and he grabbed my cock with one hand, my balls with the other. He always gave my balls a treat; cupped them then twirled his fingers, gently moved my balls in a circular pattern. Fucking hot! That and he took my cock to his lips, licked it and rubbed it slowly from left to right then back. After a couple of times he slowly took the head of my cock into his mouth, looked up at me and flashed a "this is what I want" kind of look. Down he went, down my stiff cock, nose to crotch taking me all the way in. Then he slowly moved his tight, wet mouth up my cock.

I started to play with my nipples; already hard from Aaron sucking my cock. Down he went, slowly again, savoring the taste and feel of my fleshy, hard, cock. My balls were in heaven, his twirling of them sending waves of pleasure up my cock. Add that to the slow, hot, sucking and I was breathing heavily.

"Fuck my ass," I said.

"No lube here," he said as he lifted his mouth from my cock then returned to it.

"Fuck that! Spit on the head of your cock," I said. "I want you in me!"

He smiled as he raised his head, spit a couple of times on the head of his cock as I grabbed my legs and tossed them way back and apart.

Aaron leaned forward and lined his cock up to my hungry asshole. Once on it I said demandingly, "Stick it in me!"

He slid it in slow and balls deep, his pair touching my raised ass. Yeah, I felt some discomfort, but I was going to get over it as he pulled his cock back, only to head deep. I grabbed his nipples and rubbed them, "That's what I'm talking about; now fuck me!"

He did. In and out his cock slid, any discomfort I may have felt had gone away; it was Aaron's cock, Aaron's! I didn't care, he was sliding in and out of me faster and soon he would fill me up.

"Oh fuck Tom," he said. "I need this."

"I do too lover. Fill me up when you want to," I said. "Fuck me anyway you want, just fill me up."

I dropped one hand to my cock, throbbing fucking cock, and began to stroke it. "See this Aaron?" I said with a smile. "After you fill me up I'm going to fuck you with it, not sure which hole though."

Aaron picked up speed, faster and faster, each stroke balls deep. Bam! Bam! Bam!

"I gonna cum," he yelled. "I'm gonna cum!"

He shot the first spurt deep into my ass, really deep. I could feel the heat and thankfully the wetness. One shot, two shots, he screamed "Ahhhhhh!" and shot more hot semen into me. Once emptied, he wasn't finished, pounding my now wet asshole over and over until he fell back and out, onto the floor.

I went over to him and pulled him to his feet. I turned him around and laid him on the dining room table. Once there I grabbed his arms and twisted him around so his head was at the edge of the table. One more tug and his head was off the edge. I grabbed it, pulled it down towards the floor then slid my cock into his mouth, deep down to his throat. 

He wasn't doing anything, couldn't move his head, didn't need to, as I fucked it deep and slow. I saw him raise one hand to a nipple the other to his soft cock. He began to stroke it as I began to fuck his wet mouth, deep as I could stick it, and then back to the head. He stroked his cock faster and started to moan, I fucked him faster. His cock was getting harder, almost completely there, I already was.

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck!" I yelled and shot my first huge gob of cum down his throat, almost gagging him. I pumped a second and third long spurt into his mouth, did some dry firing and fucked his hot mouth until I couldn't take it anymore. I pulled my cock out and went to the chair.

"You know," Aaron said as he spun back and off of the table. "Sometimes I find myself thinking of sucking your cock; at work, at home; just sucking your cock."

"I understand," I replied. "I think the same way about you."

Dave came walking out of the bedroom and went to the fridge to get some water. He opened a bottle and looked at me, shaking his head.

"Gary is one enthusiastic motherfucker," he said. "He sucked me off, Frank off, Carl fucked him. Frank's fucking him now." 

"Oh yeah, that's right Aaron," I said. "You haven't met Gary yet." We got up and walked into the bedroom. 

Frank was stepping away from the bed, Gary had his ass on a pillow at the edge, cum was dripping out of it. He smiled and looked at Aaron, "Pleased to meet you, I'm Gary," he said. "Want to fuck my ass?"

Aaron looked at me and I said with a nod of the head, "It's really good." Didn't have to tell Aaron twice. He looked at me and smiled "This time I'll use lube." I laughed as Aaron lubed up. 

He stepped up in front of Gary, lined his cock up and went deep. No worries, Gary's ass was really, really, wet. 

"Whose cum in Gary so far?" I asked with a smile, just like the one on Gary's face."

We compared notes and Carl, once, Dave, once and Frank, twice, made it four. 

"And how many times have you cum Gary" I asked.

"Oh fuck yeah, this is good Aaron," he said between pumps. "None yet, loving it and very busy."

"Oh, okay," I said as I climbed onto the bed. "That's going to change." I bent over, grabbed his cock and took the head right into my mouth. Now, before some of you think I'm such a nice guy, let me tell you something. Once you've cum really hard, and Gary was going to, a cock up the ass and blow job guaranteed that; you don't care who fucks you or which hole they use. And I know my buds; Carl and Dave for sure were ready to go a second time, Frank would try for a third and I had a hard on again. Gary was going to get what he wished for.

I grabbed his cock with my wet hand and slowly sucked down to the crotch then back up, fast. I wanted him to cum hard and I was going to make it happen. I built up speed, up and down, up and down. Faster and faster I went, Gary breathing heavily, Aaron pounding his ass. Then Aaron came.

He arched forward, dick deep and spewed his first shot of cum up Gary's ass. Two, three, four and more times he pumped; wasn't into my ass so I don't know how many actual dry fires there were. He stepped back and over to the chair.

"Want more Gary?" Dave asked as he lubed up his cock. Gary was in the zone, he didn't care. "Fuck me, Dave? Yeah. Dave," he said.

Dave lined up and went into the wet asshole deep as he could, balls banging. That sent Gary over the edge - he exploded into my mouth. I sucked and sucked draining his hard cock, taking his hot cum deep into my mouth. It was a large load, no surprise there especially as he had his ass filled with Dave's cock.

Gary pushed me away; his cock emptied, and lay back, shaking with each pump as Dave fucked him good.

I went over to Aaron; he smiled and opened his mouth. Cum was cum, and if it wasn't his or mine, it was still cum. We swabbed it between our tongues, swallowing it until we were empty. We continued to kiss a bit more then Aaron pushed me to the ground. I heard Dave scream "I'm cumming!" and Gary moaning, saying softly "Next."

The night was a blur after that.

************