 This is a continuation of Tom's story. Reading the first installment will fill you in on many of the pertinent details, but it's not a life-changer or anything; Tom hangs out with his neighbors and they get it on. He touches his first penis, but doesn't go any farther. Please do enjoy part 2! 

*

Tom thought a lot about that evening over the next few days. Whenever he changed clothes, went to pee, or showered his brain would recall certain memories and his hand would unconsciously start coaxing his penis to life. 

More and more he thought of rubbing Gary's manhood on Ann's boob. It was a completely unexpected mix of comfort, sexiness, and taboo; not to mention incredible tits. He went back to that moment frequently, sometimes reaching full erection without manual assistance. Sucking away at her breast; Gary basically fucking his hand with his thick penis; all while Ann's ass bounced away on top of him. It was a clear high point in his sex life. 

As perfect as it was, Tom had a few lingering regrets. If stroking Gary was enjoyable, what else should he have done? He accidentally licked the head when he dove in for a nipple; at least he thought it was accidental. What if it wasn't; who cared, right? He didn't think Gary would object for a second if he wanted to full-on blow him. They certainly seemed like to right people to experiment with; especially since Ann invited him to dive on in.

The scenario often took a turn in his mind. He would imagine fucking Ann as they had, but now the two of them took turns sucking Gary. That situation was only one or two inches away from reality, but mentally those are large inches. Did he want to try? If so, could he commit to it? Is he actually gay? How would Gary react if he made that move? Where does this all leave him on the scale of bi-sexual to gay? 

What the fuck day is it?!? Ahhhhhhhhh!

Tom decided to relax and let the sexual energy flow where it wanted. These fantasies were all very new and enjoyable, as evident by his painfully-full erections and explosive climaxes. The thoughts occurred often enough that he devised a plan to bring Gary to his house. Once he was over, and the topic of sex could be revisited and the possibilities would be almost unlimited.

He thought Gary was into home theater equipment, so Tom decided he might have to ask him for some assistance and advice. He did happen to have an old HDMI wire to replace, so he might as well get that taken care of. 

They spoke during the week and Gary stopped by as promised the following Saturday morning. In preparation, Tom had set his laptop to one of those porn sites with lots of free clips. He did a quick search and found a few that were MFM and MMF, just to revisit the atmosphere of the hot tub. The plan was to do some work on the TV setup, and hopefully transition over to the laptop afterward if Gary had time.

Tom sat on the couch with the laptop open to that site, and waited for Gary to show up. A few minutes later there was a knock on the side glass door, with a clear view of the couch and computer with the full-screen clip playing. A voluptuous woman was being fucked from behind while blowing another guy. She was on all fours on a bed with her large breasts swinging back and forth like crazy. 

Hearing the knock Tom closed the laptop, looked over his shoulder, and jumped up to open the door. 

"Hey man, thanks for stopping by!" Tom said with a genuine smile.

"Of course, but sorry to interrupt." Gary nodded toward the couch.

"Ha! You saw that huh? Well, that goes on a little too much around here, so interruptions are probably for the best." Tom feigned embarrassment.

"Yeah, I could tell you a story or two about getting caught with porn, but maybe we should get some work first?" Gary said.

"Making some progress would be good." Tom said while directing Gary toward the living room.

The TV stand was about ten feet from the laptop, and Gary couldn't help but notice the tent Tom was trying to conceal. Once they moved the TV stand a little the wire replacement was easy. It did help to have a second set of knowledgeable hands to snake the wire through the small holes in the cabinet, and around the other wires.

They talked about wiring and surround sound, and how blue-tooth connections were becoming more common with different components, and how awesome that was, but how everyone in the First World will eventually get blue-tooth and WiFi cancer. Despite being dark, it was a fun conversation; both of them enjoying the vibe. 

One of the main reasons Gary came over was to get a read on Tom's reaction to the other night. Everything seemed good on the surface, but the couple wanted to take things a bit further, or at least shoot for a repeat performance.

"I gotta tell you; I was happy that you asked me over. A part of me was nervous that we'd never hear from you again." Gary said.

"No way! I tried to make it clear that I had a blast with you all. That was how I meant to come across, at least." Tom quickly replied.

Nodding, Gary said "Sure, but we decided to give you a few days to digest it all. If you're still interested, we definitely are too." 

Tom smiled, and Gary continued, "There are a bunch of options at this point, really: We can be friendly neighbors who BBQ every now and then; you can stop by for a dip in the tub and some light petting; We can do almost exactly what we did the other night; or who knows beyond all of that. Ann and I are open to whatever." 

Tom's penis began announcing itself by lengthening. He also noticed a stirring in Gary's shorts.

"I don't know what to say, man. You're as generous a couple as I've ever met." Tom said, before his eyes darted to the laptop.

"What do you think about checking out some porn I found? I mean, can you hang out for a few?" Tom asked while walking toward the couch.

"I got all the time in the world. Ann and I figured the two of us might be talking for a while." Gary explained "I think I saw some group stuff on the screen earlier, am I right?"

"Yeah, I've been looking at a lot of that recently." Tom admitted.

They both sat down, Gary making it a point to not make any body contact. Tom flipped the screen up, logged in, and the scene from before was paused and ready. Tom hit play, and they watched the women, who looked a lot like Ann in the body, although a good 20 years younger. 

"Reminds me of someone we know." Tom said smiling.

"I'll tell her you said that about some young thing, and she won't believe me." Gary replied with a chuckle.

Tom closed that video and scrolled over several of the thumbnails, each one coming to life as the mouse hovered over it. He clicked on one where a woman was servicing two large penises.

"This stuff is getting to me; Big surprise, right?" Tom confided "Umm, would you mind if I enjoyed myself a little?" He continued, motioning toward his groin.

"Hey, do your thing. Just pretend I'm not here." Gary assured him.

With that, Tom slowly squeezed the growing pole in his shorts a few times. He eventually unzipped and pulled out his member. When fully aroused Tom is around 7 inches, and just about half of that right now. 

"Do you mind if I get a little more comfortable myself? For me, that mean shorts off. Is that cool?"

"Who am I to refuse after the other night?" Tom answered.

Gary stood up and quickly removed his shorts; laying them on the couch. Tom glanced at his semi-erection, which caused his own penis to stiffen a bit more. He never thought about doing anything like this, but it was a big thrill. 

His heavy penis curving slightly to one side, Gary slowly squeezed and massaged himself downward along its length several times. He wasn't so much showing off, as much as putting on a good show in case Tom wanted to watch. Gary seemed to know what he was doing, and Tom appreciated it. 

He then pulled himself out away from his body, squeezing the fluid inside slowly toward the head. Everything swelled, and darkened in color; veins bulging. Tom quietly gasped, as Gary finished by squeezing the bulbous head back to its original size, and redoing the slow and deliberate maneuver over and over. 

Gary moved to gripping the base of his shaft and subtly swinging the snake back and forth, quickly brought it to the mostly-hard state. He then slowly jerked himself, alternating between a tight and looser grip. Tom couldn't take his eyes off of the meat being expertly manipulated. Gary knew exactly how to make it flop, hang, bulge, and sway very enticingly. He put on an impressive and hypnotic show.

"You mind if I sit?" Gary asked. Tom nodded and motioned toward the couch. Gary sat on his shorts, and began massaging himself with his pole laying away from Tom. He squeezed and pulled on the head with one hand, and the other alternated massaging the base and his balls. Tom stroked himself watching both the curvy woman on the screen giving head to some lucky tattooed guy, and Gary in his periphery. They continued like this for a few minutes, until Tom found a clip where a "married couple" were both blowing a cuckold character. 

Tom decided to be bold, "Would you mind if I stroked you for a bit?" he asked after clearing his throat.

"Yeah, please do." Gary sat back and lifted both of his arms up to the back of the couch.

Feeling Gary again was thrilling, especially since Tom wasn't half in-the-bag this time. The shaft was heavy, warm, and soft to the touch, as opposed to his own rigid pole. Tom found a pronounced vein with his thumb, pressing it from side to side. Gary grew considerably; longer, fatter, and harder, still remaining a step away from erect. Tom began jerking him more quickly, enjoying how it bent downward and back up with each stroke. He savored the strange electricity running through his midsection, and Gary quietly moaning his appreciation. 

Tom had abandoned his own crotch while leaning over to get the right angle with his new toy. Stroking a strange penis was much more enjoyable than he would've thought. He was able to adjust and approach it from almost the same angle that he jerks himself, which added to the impact. His muscles fell into the very familiar rhythm, although everything was oddly disconnected. A bit of pre-cum dripped from Tom's bobbing erection onto the couch cushion. 

He interrupted a long moan from Gary to ask him for a favor. "I hate to stop, but the main reason I asked you over is.." He stammered "The other night, I wish I had tried to; suck you." "Would you mind if I tried now?" Tom asked, feeling confident that Gary wouldn't get upset at the question, but was prepared to be shot down nonetheless. He couldn't look at Gary's face when he asked. 

"Wow; yeah, that would be great. I was worried that Ann pushed you too far the other night." He said while openly looking at Tom's erection "Man, you can suck on this thing ANY time!" Gary exclaimed

"What can I do to make this easier? My first time was with a college buddy and my favorite position was him sitting on a couch while I knelt between his legs. I felt lots of control and leverage that way. It's up to you, of course." 

"Well, I had pictured you standing, but I'm going to take your word for it." Tom said while shifting off of the couch and onto is knees. He kept one hand gripping Gary's pole, and shuffled his way between is open legs.

Tom quickly glanced at him, and used both hands to resume jerking the organ. The head was slightly smaller than the shaft, which is the opposite for Tom, his larger head creating a mushroom shape. He pinched the head with one hand, running his thumb around the underside, making mental note of the terrain. 

He squeezed, stroked, and explored the rest of Gary's manhood. It seemed like a rare opportunity to play around without any discomfort or social pressure. This older, experienced man, who happened to be as friendly as anyone Tom had ever met, just lay back with his eyes closed, and occasionally moaned very slightly. Tom couldn't resist playing with his own unit occasionally. His dick and balls were dangling heavily downward, occasionally brushing against the carpet, sending unexpected stimulation through his body.

It felt like the right time, so Tom slide back about a foot and brought one arm up to rest on Gary's thigh. He leaned in toward the slightly sagging behemoth, and brought his open mouth down onto the head. Once his teeth were out of the way, that part fit inside easily. Tom closed his lips onto the upper shaft, and rolled his tongue around in slow circles. 

At this Gary's eyes shot open and he murmured "Holy shit!" before taking a deep breath and training his eyes on the action below. Tom had done a lot of reading in the Literotica Group Sex and Gay Male sections recently, in the name of research. There were tons of stories where straight men experimented with gay oral sex, and some of them seemed realistic enough to get his juices flowing; literally flowing sometimes. His favorites were the few that actually involved a younger man playing with an older, more experienced couple. The best involved lots of sex with the wife, and some level of play between the men. 

Based on those stories, and his own preferences in receiving oral, Tom had a few techniques he was eager to try. He nursed the head in and out of his mouth with light suction; a move he learned from his ex-girlfriend. That got an elongated moan from Gary, so he kept that up for a while. He then pulled back, the head falling from his mouth, hovered over the organ, and released a mouthful of spit. They both watched it drip down the side of the shaft, and Tom slowly rubbed it around with this hand. His other hand reaching down and light gripping and pulling on Gary's sack. He was starting to feel confident and skilled.

Ann was absolutely right about Gary being perfect for a newbie. Tom was quickly getting comfortable with the feel of this monster. His tight grip and slow jerking motion causing it to bend, and he very much enjoyed squeezing and squishing it around. It was much more erotic and appealing than Tom imagined it would be.

Gary closed his eyes tight as Tom took his more than half of his 8 inches into his mouth. Tom suddenly felt out of his league with such a large man to suck, and decided to take it slow. He gagged several times at the 4 inch mark, which was a cold dose of reality. He had read how swallowing during oral can help relieve that reflex, so he tried a few times and found some level of relief. He wondered how anybody could ever deep throat one of these, which he'd seen millions of times in movies, and even experienced occasionally. 

In and out, in and out, gaging some and swallowing, in and out. He reminded himself to soak in the details and try to fully experience what was happening. Gary's groin had no odor whatsoever, which was a relief. His hair was trimmed very short, and there even seemed to be some recently smooth-shaven sections which helped the area seem clean and fresh. Tom's tongue slid back and forth on the underside. He visualized the veins along the shaft and different ridges of the head while sucking away. 

Ultimately, he felt fatigue setting in, and could only imagine how wide he'd have to keep his mouth to accommodate a full-size Gary. That skill would certainly have to wait, and he figured Gary wouldn't mind him coming over for more practice.

"Wow, that's not easy. You're a big bastard." Tom said smiling.

"I know just how tough that can be. You're doing great, man." Gary chuckled.

"If I were you, I would drop my performance expectations, and just enjoy the ride. I wouldn't be upset if you didn't like doing this, but you only wanted to fuck Ann from time to time. As long as I can be there to enjoy, of course. If you do get the urge to suck this thing every now and then, or to be sucked by one or both of us; that sounds great to me." Gary explained.

Tom pulled away, gathered more saliva and let it drip onto the shaft from his open mouth. Looking down over the heavy penis, he stroked up and down, spreading the new lubricant around. Tom's other hand squeezing a twisting his own head. He eventually started jacking both cocks at the same pace, and both of their hips lurching forward and back in unison. He went in for another round. With about 3 inches in his mouth, he ran his tongue back and forth along the underside of the penis, exploring the large center vein, and the smaller veins running up toward the head. 

Although Tom was stationary as he suckled, Gary felt movement and leaned over for a peak. He saw Tom briskly jerking himself; the rigor of which caused both of them to sway. Seeing Tom masturbating while gently sucking sent electricity through Gary, and caused him to grow harder than he'd been, without meds, in a long time. 

Tom pulled away again and marveled at the new size, which was a little longer, wider, and stiffer than it had been just seconds ago. He continued stroking the wet shaft, and went down again trying to fit as much in as he could. The feeling was very different now, no more bending or squishing with his grip, and he could only get 3 inches in his mouth before gaging. 

After a couple more attempts, Tom's jaw nagged for relief. He resumed stroking the newly moistened shaft, and examined the monument he helped create. His own penis, which he was still stroking, gave very little notice and started erupting forcefully. He leaned back and aimed up toward Gary, some of it reaching his lower abdomen, and his unexpectedly hard dick. Gary stroking himself and watched Tom pump and spurt until his load was spent. There was now quite a mess on the couch and the carpet at his knees.

"Now THAT hasn't happened in quite a while; this erection, I mean." Gary said "Ann wouldn't be able to control herself if she saw that; you sucking me and stroking yourself like that. I told you, you're a natural!"

Tom responded "Speaking of Ann, I was thinking about her being here, riding you, with me watching the action. I imagined you slipping out of her, me sucking her juices from you, and guiding it back in. That did it for me! I had to finish myself off."

Gary closed his eyes, "That would be something else."

While still very much turned-on, Gary's member relaxed back to its partially flaccid state. He suggested that he help Tom clean up, and then get back across the street.

"As much fun as I'm having, I gotta get back home. This is technically breaking our Playtime rules, and there's a chance she won't be happy. I doubt it, but there's always a chance. They both remained partially clothed while cleaning, their members swinging and flopping as they moved around. Gary mentioned that he enjoyed watching Tom bounce around, and Tom echoed the sentiment. 

"There's a whole bunch of taboo involved, which really changes things." Tom said "Maybe the two of us should hang-out like this more often."

Gary stepped into his shorts and followed Tom to the side door. "I have a feeling we're all going to have a ton of fun with each other; all three of us." Gary said while extending his hand to Tom. They shook hands and Gary headed-off next door. 

Tom looked toward their house, imagined Ann watching from one of the windows, and stroked himself a few times. He imagined getting himself back inside of her, playing with her tits, as well as Gary's pole again.

Soon enough, he was sure.