 "Dude, you're killing me," Aaron said. "You sucked a tranny dick in Vegas?"

"No," I said. "I sucked three tranny dicks in Vegas and they were all hot."

Aaron shook his head and took a drink from his beer. Frank came into the living room with two beers from the kitchen, handed one to Tom. "What'd I miss?" he asked.

"Tom said he sucked and fucked a tranny in Vegas last week," Aaron said.

Frank smiled and said to Tom, "Kelly K, right? Susie too? So how was it?"

I smiled and replied, "Kelly says she owes you one. And thanks for Susie. They were beautiful and very accommodating; Leah too."

Frank asked with a quizzical look on his face. "Who's Leah?"

"That's Susie's roommate. Tight and hot like the other girls, I replied.

Frank grinned and said, "Man, you had all three of them at the same time? That's crazy shit, man!"

I grinned, "Well the first night it was Kelly and Susie; thanks again. Next night it was Kelly then in the morning she called Susie and Leah to come over."

"She called Susie and Leah? She spent the night?" Frank asked. "Really?"

"Yeah, so the next morning it was a free for all," I said smiling.

Aaron had been listening intently, not saying a word. After I finished he asked me, "So is it really that good?"

Frank was the first to answer, "Man, it's awesome. Picture all the good things about a girl; pretty feminine face, nice firm tits, long legs and fine ass. Now add a hard cock to it."

"And between the three of them, there was every type of cock you could want, right Frank?" I said. "Kelly's cock is long, thick and hard. My ass was sore for a couple of days, but man, totally worth it. The best thing; they have a guy's sex drive, if you know what I mean."

"Oh I know," Frank said. "Kelly isn't satisfied until she cums at least twice."

"So I guess you guys know these ladies quite well," Aaron asked and quickly explained, "I mean you could get in touch with them pretty easily if needed?"

I smiled and asked questioningly, "Are you saying you may be interested in a road trip to Vegas?"

"Possibly," he said "Think we could convince them to come over for a few days. I mean, between the three of us maybe we could make it sweet enough for them to think about it."

I finished my beer and said, "Maybe we could. Frank would know more about that than I would, but to tell you the truth, right now I just want to suck a dick or two. Got time?"

"I do," Aaron replied. 

"Me too," said Frank with a sly grin. "And you know what? I'd like to fuck an ass myself."

I got up, took my beer and headed to the bedroom. "Maybe we can take care of both of us...:"

"At the same time, I bet." Aaron said as he followed me. "Spit roast anyone?"

"Preaching to the choir," I replied as I tossed off the last of my clothes. "Now about that ass Frank?"

"I'm way in front of you buddy," he said as lubed his cock. Having been here many times Frank knew which drawer the lube was kept in. 

"Better if you get behind me," I replied as I got on my knees on the bed. Aaron climbed on the bed and laid back with a smile, cock up high and hard. "Oh yeah" I said as I grabbed his cock and leaned forward.

I felt Frank's cock at my asshole and pushed back a bit. As I took Aaron's dick into my mouth I felt Frank slowly sliding into my ass. It was a bit smaller than Kelly's cock, but still felt really good. As Frank slid deeper into my ass I took Aaron's cock deeper into my mouth. As Frank slid out of my ass, but not completely out, I slid up Aaron's cock, up to the head. After a few strokes like this, in sync, I said fuck it, and settled into sucking Aaron's cock for real.

Placing my hand next to my mouth I slowly slid up and down a few times. After a bit I paused and pulled my mouth off.

"Oh shit," Aaron said quietly, almost to himself.

I swirled my tongue in circles around the head of his cock, "Don't worry man, I'll take care of you," I said. Tongue swirling to the left then the right, then back down and back up.

While I was doing this Frank was banging my ass, going deeper and quicker in a measured pace. And it fucking felt great. By now my ass was always loose and hungry for cock. Kelly had stretched me good and for a minute I imagined me sucking Susie's cock while Kelly fucked me. But that only lasted for a minute or two as Frank was getting close, real close.

"Uh, fuck, Tom," he said. "I'm going to cum buddy, can I cum?" He knew the answer, but always liked asking me.

Pulling my mouth off of Aaron's cock I said "Fill me up bro', give it to me!" 

Then he did, large, hot spurts of cum flooded my asshole as he kept pumping. Three, four and more spurts into me, it felt so hot and well, it was so hot! Here I was sucking off one friend while my other friend was filling me up with cum.

Then Aaron shot off. "Of fuck," he said. "Oh fuck!" he grabbed my head, then quickly let go as he shot a large load of cum. I swallowed as fast as I could, some slipping out of my mouth. I swallowed the rest and it tasted good. Aaron always did, hard to explain. Except when he had hamburgers with onions earlier in the day, then his cum had an onion taste to it. 

After a bit he pushed me away and Frank slipped out of me. I stood up and felt cum ooze out of my ass while I licked my lips, savoring the last of Aaron's cum. I looked down at them both, now lying on the bed, spent.

"My, my, my," I said with a smile. "Looks like my dick is still hard and who's going to take care of it?"

"Tell us what you want Tom," Frank said. Aaron chimed in, "Ass or mouth or both. You earned it."

"Who wants some?" I asked.

Frank moved to the edge of the bed and said "Lay down."

Aaron moved over and onto his knees as I laid back. Frank stood up, dropped to his knees and spread my legs wide. Turning around he reached into the drawer and pulled out the blue glass dildo. As he lubed it up he smiled and said "You're going to cum hard Tom. Then I'm going to fuck you again."

"I hope so," I replied as I felt the dildo at my asshole. With an easy push it slid in, all the way in, and I loved it. He leaned forward, grabbed my cock with one hand, my balls with the other and took my hard dick into his mouth. Resting the head inside he started to tongue me.

Aaron leaned over and grabbed my head. Turning it towards him he pushed his lips against mine and slid his tongue into me. I hoped I still had the taste of his cum in my mouth as we tongued each other, his hand playing with one of my nipples. We got pretty hot; I love kissing a man and Aaron is my "fave".

Frank started to slide his mouth down my shaft, deeper and deeper till he had all of my cock inside. I ached and my dick thickened as he slid back up, hot and wet. Then as Aaron tongued me harder and began to squeeze my nipple Frank went back down, but not as deep. He squeezed my balls. Moving up, then down, up, and then down. He began to pick up speed and I could feel my ass clamping down on the dildo as my cock ached to cum.

But he backed off. As he pulled the dildo out of me and took his mouth off me, I pulled away from Aaron and asked, "What's wrong?"

"Not a thing Tom, just hang on."

Frank climbed on the bed and straddled me. Then he flipped over and presented his back to me and his ass too. Reaching back between his legs he grabbed my cock, placed it at his asshole and then he lowered himself down onto me, my cock going deep into his ass. Balls deep! 

"I know you like this Tom." he said with a grin.

Fuck, we hadn't done this before. That mother fucker must have called Kelly! I didn't give a shit. Seeing my cock sliding into and out of Frank's ass was fucking hot. Now my balls were aching too. By now Aaron had gotten back up onto his knees and started to rub his hardening cock on my lips. I opened my mouth took it in and began to suck as it got hard.

But I wasn't going to get far with that as Frank was bouncing deep and fast on my cock. "Give it to me Tom!" he said. "Fill my ass up!"

And I did. Watching his ass swallowing my cock was so fucking hot. I pumped cum up his ass, then more and more, what seemed like a never ending load. Finally I arched up and fell back, spent. Frank slipped off of me, cum dripping onto my cock.

"Oh yeah, I want that," Aaron said and he was down on my dick, licked cum and sucking it. I couldn't take it and pushed him away. 

Frank turned around and seeing Aaron's hard cock pushed him back on the bed. "Your turn Aaron," he said. "You up for it?"

Aaron stroked his hard again cock and replied with a smile, "Are you?"

Frank answered him by straddling Aaron's body. In a few seconds Frank had slipped Aaron's cock up inside his ass. With a grunt he slammed it balls deep and started to pump. Back and forth, in and out he moved. I have to admit watching Frank fuck Aaron's ass was hot, but I also got a bit jealous. But fuck, like I said it was hot.

While they fucked I went to the bathroom and got a wet facecloth. I knew Frank had fucked my ass in the beginning and I wanted to suck him off. I had never had the same guy fill up both my holes in the same night and I wanted that. Okay, who am I kidding? I've fucked and been fucked by so many guys over here and by the girls in Vegas in so many ways, maybe I have had it done before. Whatever; I wanted it now.

When I returned, Frank was till pumping away on Aaron. Like all of us, Aaron took a bit longer to cum the second time and this was no exception. Frank had slowed down to a steady pace, I'm sure he was getting pretty winded by now.

Turnabout is fair play I thought and climbed on the bed. Aaron must have had the same idea as he turned his head to face me. We locked eyes, kneeling I slid my cock to his mouth, he took it right in. I watched Frank as he pumped and tried to match him by shoving my cock into Aaron's mouth in rhythm. Both holes being filled at the same time was too much for Aaron and he pulled away.

"Oh shit! Oh shit!" he screamed, hips bucking up to Frank's ass. I could tell by his movements and breathing he was pumping hot cum into Frank's ass, and Frank loved it.

As soon as Frank climbed off of Aaron I pushed him back into the chairs, wiped his cock clean, and went down on him.

"Oh yeah Tom," he said with a sharp intake of breath. I cupped his balls, held his cock and twisted it from side to side as I licked the head on his hardening cock. After a bit I went to taking it deep, as deep as I could. Frank grabbed my shoulders; good, I thought he wanted it probably as much as I wanted his cum in my mouth. I sped up the sucking, up and down, tight, hot and wet.

"Oh fuck, Tom," he said between breaths. "Oh fuck. I really want to cum!"

Faster I went, massaging his balls. Faster I went, my hand to my mouth, keeping his cock in a warm wet place. Frank arched his back up and began to cum.

Fuck, I wanted it bad. I sucked and swallowed and sucked, sad that it wasn't as big of a load as his first, but still happy to take it. I'm always happy to swallow cum. After Frank finished his load I stood up and turned towards the bed. 

Aaron was lying on his back, the lube in one hand, his other fingering his ass. "Why don't you bring that hard dick over here and pump me full of cum Tom."

"Fuck yeah," I said and walked over to him. I grabbed a pillow, shoved it under his ass and slid my hard again cock to his asshole. Leaning forward, I slid it in. Aaron reached up and grabbed my shoulders, pulled me close, our mouths meeting.

As we kissed deeply I slowly slid my cock in and out of his willing asshole, easily going balls deep. We continued to kiss for a few minutes, my breath coming quickly with each stroke. I was ready to cum and pushed back from Aaron's mouth, his hands going to my nipples. This wasn't our first time like this and each of us could read the other, when we were ready to cum, how to get the most out of each other.

As he rubbed my nipples I exploded into his ass. Tight became slippery in a few seconds as cum from my cock filled him up. It wasn't much cum, but I could feel the dry fires and they felt just as good. With one last, loud, "Oh fuck!" I pulled out and rolled over to lie back on the bed.

Frank was still sitting in the chair, Aaron hadn't moved. A quick survey showed that no one had a hard cock. After a few minutes Frank said, "It gets better and better every time guys."

We all agreed; he was right.

************

It had been awhile since I had heard from Gary. After the first time at the bookstore I had waited for him to contact me, but he didn't. I guess I could have texted him, but I wanted him to contact me. I didn't want to put any pressure on him so when I got the text from Gary I was surprised. It said:

"This is Gary. From the bookstore. How are you doing?"

Interesting. I wondered what had happen to Gary. It was a one off thing at the bookstore, I sucked him off he sucked me off through the glory holes and after we were finished he introduced himself. Seemed kind of unsure, figured he was a newbie. I've known guys that do it once then for whatever reason they don't do it again. I thought maybe Gary was like that, but I guess he was still interested.

I texted back "Doing well; good to hear from you. What's up?"

"Was wondering if you were going to be at the bookstore sometime this week?"

I hadn't been to the bookstore since the last time I had been with Gary. I was lucky to have a pretty good supply of cock to suck now, so the bookstore wasn't a high priority.

"No plans to go. I'd like to see you though if you're interested. Maybe meet for some coffee and talk a bit?"

This should be interesting. I waited for a few minutes or so, didn't get a reply so figured he wasn't interested. That's fine, but coffee did sound pretty good. Actually, coffee at Jason's shop would be nice, and I did owe him a blowjob. There was that one time he sucked me off in the storeroom and we had been in touch, but our schedules never seemed to mesh. 

I texted him "Hey Jason, Tom here. I still owe you one buddy, let's try and get together. I always pay off my debts."

After about three minutes I got a text. Then another one, right after it.

"Tom! Good to hear from you. Want to get together today? I'm free after 5PM."

That was Jason. I texted back "Sounds good to me. How about if you come over to my place? Nice and quiet...I want to take my time paying you back,"

I read the other text. It was from Gary. 

"Coffee? Sure. We can talk and maybe you can answer some questions for me?'

"Sounds great Tom. Where and when?"

That was Jason. I texted him my address and time - 530.

"Sounds good Gary. I know a place near where I live? When?"

Gary texted right back. "Today would be great. Looking forward to it. What time?"

I had it all set up. I would meet up with Gary and see how he was doing. Later I'd hook up with Jason back at my place. For a brief moment I thought about a three way, but realized I wanted to solidify my "relationships" with each of them.

I walked into Jason's coffee shop around 3. He saw me and smiled.

"What's up Tom?" he said. "Something to drink?"

Yeah, that'd be great. How about a doppio?" I looked around and saw Garry in the corner. He saw me and smiled with a small wave. Jason noticed.

"Friend of yours?" he asked.

"Kind of," I replied. I paid for the doppio and waited while the barista made it. "We still on for later?" I asked.

As the barista handed me my drink Jason said, "You bet. I'm really looking forward to it."

"Me too," I replied. "See you about 5:30." Our eyes locked and I could tell Jason was looking forward to it. I know I was.

"Tom," Gary said as I walked up. "Good to see you."

"You too Gary," I said. "I was pretty happy to get your text. " I sat down, grabbed my flask and poured some Carolans into my coffee. Gary smiled.

"Baileys?" he asked. 

"No; Carolans," I said. "How've you been?"

We shot the breeze for a few minutes, about day to day stuff; just general stuff. After a bit he said, "I've thought a lot about the time we had together. I've been by the bookstore a few times, but never saw you there."

"Yeah," I said. "I don't get out there very much anymore. The reason I used to go; well, I kind of prefer a more private place."

Gary nodded his head and took another sip of his latte. "I can understand that," he said. "That one time there, well, I was worried about how safe it was."

"I hear you. You still interested in, well, you know?"

He laughed. "Are you kidding? Definitely, I mean, quite a bit. I mean, doing it again would be great."

I looked around, leaned forward and said quietly, "Sucking a cock once or twice a week is fucking fantastic. Even makes my time with my girlfriend even better."

Gary opened his mouth to say something, but stopped. I smiled and continued "Yep, I like it all Gary. How about you?"

Gary went on to tell me that he was in a relationship, but had been curious recently about being with a guy. He had done it once or twice before me, but had never met the guys he had done it with.

"I don't know," he said. "Just didn't feel right, but for some reason it did with you. That's why I went out and talked to you."

"Well thanks man," I said sincerely. "I appreciate it."

"So," he said. "You uh, get a chance to do it much. I mean you did say once or twice a week. Really?"

"Oh yeah," I said matter of factly. "There are a lot of guys that are interested, are into it. Just hard to meet them, so when I do I try and keep them in the loop. Make them comfortable with a safe place. I wanted to contact you, but figured I'd wait to see how you felt."

Gary nodded and said, "Well I appreciate that man. I had a hard time figuring out if I wanted to do this more often, was worried about the bookstore."

"If you ever want to get your cock sucked or suck a cock, let me know," I said. "I live alone, close by and it's very private."

We sat and finished our drinks; Gary was quiet, not saying much. I could see he was mulling over what I had said when Jason walked up to the table.

"You done with that Tom?" he asked, checking Gary out in a sly sort of way.

"Yeah Jason, thanks," I said. I drained the last of my coffee and handed the cup to him. Gary had ordered his to go so kept his. "You almost off?"

Jason grinned. "Pretty soon I think." Jason was cool and discrete. I could tell he wasn't sure what the deal was between Gary and me so he kept the conversation casual and clean. "Need anything else?"

"No, I'm good, but thanks." Jason and I locked eyes for a brief second and he asked Gary if he needed anything. Gary said no and Jason left. I watched as he walked away and wondered if I'd ever get a piece of that ass.

"Tom," Gary said. "You've really answered things for me."

"Good, I'm glad I could." I said. "Anything else?"

He looked me in the eyes and asked, "When can we get together? I'd like to see your place."

I looked at my watch. Jason would be coming over in less than an hour. "What's your time like tonight?"

"Tonight? I'm free for about an hour after eight."

"Okay, that sounds good, I'll text you directions later tonight," I replied. "We can go as far as you want Gary. Whatever you're comfortable with."

"Thanks, I appreciate that."

"I just want you to be secure because if things work out, maybe we could be a regular thing." I smiled and stood up. "Have to go, but see you soon."

"Yes you will," he replied.

As I walked by the counter to leave Jason looked at me and slyly slid a fingertip in and out of his mouth with a smile. I nodded and winked. "Fuck yeah," I said.

************

Jason showed up a little after five. It was good to see him as it had been a bit since he had sucked me off at his coffee house. I wanted to suck his cock, maybe more eventually, but his cock for sure. We had hit it off enough to get together the first time we talked; it just felt right.
