 Part 1

This picks after my First Time with Dave.

Dave and I, and sometimes Frank, were becoming a real thing. We met at least once a week and were looking at changing it up. Still sucking cock and fucking an ass every once in a while; we were thinking about doing it at other places.

Dave's place was out of the question as his wife could pop in unexpectedly and that would be a disaster. Dave was sure she'd freak out and who knows where that would lead. Frank's place was good, but he was out of town a lot so it wasn't a steady place. We had done it there a couple of times, I had even gone there without Dave and I'm sure he had done the same thing. In any case, not a big deal, just not a consistent place. Might as well do it at my house; no, we wanted something different.

"Been thinking about where we could get together Dave?" I asked one night. He nodded his head and said, yeah maybe.

"There's an adult bookstore the next town over," he said. "Saw on the net they had Glory Holes."

I had thought about Glory Holes before and the idea of sucking some stranger's cock was both hot, but also made me uneasy. I mean, what do you do, sit in a booth waiting for a random dick to pop through the hole? Dave said he thought that was it, but suggested it would be better to go to the store and see the people in the store as well.

"Go in through the front door" he had said. "Not sneak in the back way to the holes."

"And then what?"

"I don't know, make some small talk and kind of see if you connect?" he replied.

"Have you done that before?"

"Maybe," he said with a little grin.

"Really? How'd that work out for you?"

"Not so well actually," Dave said." I kind of hit it off with this guy and we got back to the booths, then he got worried and changed his mind. Didn't want to get caught, he said."

"I understand that," I said. "A few years back I met a guy online and we were going to get together."

Dave opened his eyes questioningly. "Go on."

"Well, we went to a hotel and when I went in to get a room, I fucking ran into an old friend of my then wife. She asked how she was doing and said she wanted to catch up with her."

Dave started to laugh. "So what happened?"

"I told her I was getting rates for a weekend with her and would get back to her. When I got outside I told the guy what had happened. He was married too, and didn't want to get caught so we left the parking lot and never contacted each other again. I figured it wasn't meant to be and hadn't thought of it for a few years, till now."

Dave rubbed his chin and said," How about if we go to the bookstore separately, a few minutes apart or through the back door and right to the booth."

I nodded in agreement. "Now that sounds pretty good. You get into one booth and I into the other and we can do it that way. When are you free?"

"Tuesday works for me. How about meeting me there in the morning? Does eleven in the morning work for you?"

"That works for me," I replied. "Now let me suck your cock."

Tuesday came and I cruised down to the adult bookstore and waited out back in the parking lot. While waiting I got a text from Dave. Crap! Something came up and he had to cancel. It was a work thing, I texted back no problem, I understood. I was looking forward to sucking him off through a Glory Hole. I decided I might as well go inside and check the store out so this wouldn't be a total waste of time.

I walked in and there was an older woman working the register and a few guys checking things out. I saw the entry to the booths at the back of the store, took note, and then started to check out the stuff that was offered.

After a few minutes or so I went down an aisle towards the back of the store and almost ran into a guy that was squatting down looking at DVDs.

"Whoa," I said. "Sorry, man. Didn't see you."

He smiled and looked up at me, "No biggie, I got carried away looking at the DVDs."

I looked down and saw he was in the man on man section and asked him if there was anything good down there.

"You interested in this kind of stuff?" he asked.

I looked him in the eyes, grinned and said that I was.

"Cool, me too." He handed me a DVD; it was called Glory Hole Nights. "What do you think about this one?"

I took it and smiled. I could feel my cock starting to get hard. What was he asking me? I said that it looked really good to me.

"Course, I've never been to one."

He stood up, looked around the store and asked, "Want to try one?"

"Right now?"

"Yep," he said. "You go back to booth 3 and I'll follow you in a minute or so, to booth 4." He reached into his pocket and handed me some quarters. "Turn the movie on; it'll help hide the noise."

I nodded and went through the door and into booth 3. It was clean, had a lock, and a video machine. I looked around and saw a nice hole in the wall. I locked the door, dropped in a few quarters and waited. After a minute or so I heard a door open, a lock was used, and a video start up. I looked at the hole and waited.

His cock came through the hole and it was nice. Not huge or really long, but I had decided any cock I'd suck would be nice. I dropped to my knees and grabbed it midway down and began to slowly run my tongue over the head. Circling around, slowly for a bit, then starting at the head I ran my tongue down the whole shaft as far as I could. Sucking a cock slowly then faster then slowly, I could feel the guy, what was his name anyway, tensing up. The harder he got, the more I sucked, licked with my tongue, and stroked with my hand. I was thinking how good I'd gotten to be at sucking cock when he exploded! Cum and cum and more cum flooded my mouth, I swallowed as fast as I could, but felt some drip down my lips. Slowly he pulled his cock out of my mouth and back behind the wall.

Uh, what should I do now? I unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock. Not sure what to do, I was happy to see a finger come through the hole and motion me forward. I stuck my now very hard cock through the hole and...

He was on it in a heartbeat. A hot, wet, mouth took the head of my cock to start and then move furiously up and down. Just as quickly as he started, he slowed down, swirling his tongue around and around my hard cock. I began to rub my nipples as my cock ached, ached to pump hot cum into this magical and willing mouth. Fast again he moved, then slower, then fast again, slurping my dick while using his fingers to stroke me up and down.

I started to cum! Hard; my balls contracted and ached as my hot cum spurted into his mouth, which he swallowed hungrily. Weak in the knees, I slipped my dick out of his mouth. Holy shit, this was hot! Then it got hotter.

As I slipped my dick into my pants another dick slid out from the Glory Hole. No, not the same dick as before, this was obviously a different dick. It was thicker, a different color and larger.

This was totally unexpected, but to tell the truth I didn't waste any time. I didn't wonder whose cock it was, didn't care. I dropped to my knees and opened wide.

By now I had a pretty good cock sucking routine. First I'd lick the head with my tongue, hoping to get a bit of pre-cum to rise to the top, slowly and in a circle, right to left. Next I'd lift it up and run my tongue up and down the shaft, wet and slow. Back to the top, a quick swirl of the tongue on the head and then slip it deep into my mouth.

Once in my mouth, I'd move from the head down as far as I could go. Down until I could feel the head against my throat. Back up the shaft, wet and hot; slow, always slow at first. Depending upon how the cock felt, I could tell when it got real hard it was getting closer to cumming, and when it got there I'd get into my rhythm. Up, down, up down, faster and faster. Maybe slip my hand around it, after I had licked my hand wet, and lock it to my mouth. I may not have been able to swallow the whole cock, but with my hand, no one ever complained. This guy definitely wouldn't. I heard a low scream, thank goodness the videos were still on, and he began pumping cum into my mouth. I kept my mouth going up and down as I milked his cock dry. Finally, I let it slip out, empty of cum, and back through the hole.

I waited a minute, heard a door unlock and movement in the hall. I thought I'd wait a bit before going outside. I exited the booth and walked through the store to the parking lot. I saw two guys standing next to a car, talking and looking at me. One was the guy I had met earlier, the other I'm sure was the second cock I had sucked. I walked over to them.

"Hey," said the guy I had met earlier in the store. "We owe you an apology. I mean we should have..."

"Man, that was great," I said with a smile, cutting him off. "Not sure what you guys thought, but if you want, we can make this a regular thing."

The two guys looked at each other and nodded. The guy I met introduced himself as Aaron while the other guy was Carl.

"Down here?" Carl asked.

"If you want," I replied. "My house is safe and open. Like football games?"

We exchanged phone numbers and said goodbye. As I got into my car the phone rang. It was Dave.

"I've some free time Tom and am feeling bad about standing you up," he said "How about if I suck your cock later tonight? Maybe around seven?"

"You bet; only if I can suck yours too buddy," I laughed and replied. "What's Frank doing?"

***********