 The next week I got a text from Aaron.

"How's your week look? Any free time? "

"I'm pretty open. You?" I texted back.

"Tonight would work well for me. You?"

"Sure about 7 okay?"

"Sure. 7 is good. Should I bring Carl?"

"Sure if he wants to cum. Lol. Here's my address."

"Sounds good. See us then."

This should be fun I thought. Wonder how far they've gone before? We'll see.

Seven o'clock rolled around and the guys were on time. Aaron and Carl had brought beer and wine and we cracked open and poured a glass then sat out in the living room,

After a bit of small talk; sports, and anything else not too specific, things heated up.

"That was great at the bookstore last week," Carl said. "What'd you think?"

I smiled. "I loved it, but I did have a question though."

"What was that," Carl asked.

"Who sucked my dick?"

Aaron laughed. "That was me," he said." I figured I owed you one as it was kind of my idea to do it."

"I still feel bad how it turned out," Carl said with a bit of a frown." I mean, you didn't know ahead of time what was going to happen."

"Dude, don't even worry about it," I replied with laugh. "You stuck that nice cock through the hole, but no one made me suck it. I wanted to suck it. Still do."

Now it was Carl's time to smile. "Can I suck you tonight?"

"I hoped that's why you're here," I replied. "While we're on the subject, ever fuck an ass?"

Aaron smiled, Carl looked confused and said. "You mean a guy?"

"That's what he's asking Carl, "Aaron said matter of factly. "I have."

"Like it?" I asked.

"Yep; you?" he asked.

"I like it both ways; doing the fucking and being fucked. How about you, Aaron, which do you prefer?"

Aaron started to unbuckle his pants and said, "Maybe we should go into the bedroom and I can show you, if you'd like. Carl?"

"Hmmm," he replied." I'm up for sucking for sure." Aaron looked at me, winked and smiled

"Let's go," I said. Once in the bedroom we stripped naked. I opened the drawer on my nightstand next to the bed and pulled out some condoms and lube. "There's more than one here."

"I like a man that plans ahead. Speaking of head," Aaron stepped over to Carl and said "Lay down."

Carl laid down, cock standing at attention. Aaron got up on the bed, onto his knees and bent down, head on Carl's cock and ass presented towards me. "Take what you want Tom."

I didn't have to be told twice. I grabbed a condom and some lube then stepped forward towards Aaron's ass. As soon as my cock touched he pushed back and I slid in. From where I stood all I could see was Aaron's head sliding up and down and Carl eyes rolling back into his head. He was loving it; a lot.

So was I. Aaron's ass was tight, but hungry, grabbing and pulling my dick in and out. A few minutes of this and I could feel the cum rising. But I wasn't going to cum, I wanted all that was offered.

I pulled out and reached over to grab a condom. I bent low next to Aaron, gave him the condom and asked him "Think Carl's ready?"

"As long as you suck him, I bet he's ready for anything," was the reply.

I didn't have long to wait; when Aaron got up I climbed on the bed to Carl's side and wrapped my mouth on his dick. Slowly I move my tongue up and around the head and I could feel his hips pushing forward, trying to get more of his dick into my mouth. I didn't disappoint him plunging my mouth down his throbbing cock.

"Oh shit," Carl said." Oh fuck, fuck!"

"You okay bud," Aaron asked. While I was sucking Carl's cock, Aaron had been teasing Carl's ass, first with a lubricated finger, then the head of his dick.

"Yeah," Carl replied. "Give it to me!"

As Aaron slowly slid his hard cock deeper into Carl's ass I started sucking his cock faster, deeper. With Aaron in his ass, now pounding him hard, and me sucking his dick deep and fast, I knew Carl was going to blow a big, hot load, and I wanted it.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" he screamed. My mouth got wet with hot cum and even as I tried to swallow as fast as I could, it started to leak out of my lips. "Fuck it," I thought. I kept moving fast, deep, fast and deep, almost choking on the load.

"Oh shit!" Aaron yelled. "I'm cumming!"

Here was Aaron cumming in Carl and Carl, finally done shooting his load, loved it. "Fuck Me! Fuck me!"

As suddenly as it started, it stopped. Aaron stepped away from Carl, Carl pushed me away from his cock; both men spent.

I wiped cum off of my face and said "Fuck; that was hot!"

Aaron pulled the condom off and I dropped to my knees, taking his wet cock into my mouth, licking off the cum. He pushed me away.

"Whoa, give me a minute," he said laughing. Aaron sat back onto a chair; Carl sat up on the edge of the bed. Both spent a few minutes recovering while I smiled.

"Your turn," Carl said.

"What?" I asked insincerely.

"Come here," Carl said, motioning with his hand.

I stepped over to him and he reached out, grabbing my dick softly. "Mmmm, I've been thinking about this since last week." He pulled me forward, opened his mouth and pulled my cock inside.

Hot and wet, his mouth slid up and down, my dick in and out. My dick ached, my balls ached, he was going faster and faster. He was a man on a mission and I loved it. Carl had one move, but that was great. I felt my legs tensing up, holding my breath, aching to cum. He reached up and started to softly squeeze my balls. I began to rub my nipples.

Then I felt a hard cock up against my ass! Aaron was behind me, his cock pressed between my butt cheeks. He reached around and moved my hands away. He began to rub and squeeze my nipples! I felt his breath on my neck, then his lips, replaced by his tongue, licking slowly. My cock ached.

Then I exploded! Cum, cum, cum. Aaron squeezing my nipples and giving me a small nip on the neck; Carl moved his mouth off my dick, started draining it with his hand onto his face. My knees almost buckled as I came and came. Finally I stopped and stumbled towards the edge of the bed, flopping onto it.

I looked up and could see Carl as he wiped cum from his face with his fingers, then licked them dry. Aaron was swiping some from Carl's face as well and licking it. Fuck, so hot!

"Holy shit," I said. "That was fantastic. When can we do it again?"

"How about in 30 minutes or so," Aaron said then laughed. "Carl?"

Carl smiled, "I'm drained man, but maybe again this week. Tom, what works for you," he asked me.

"I'm pretty free at nights mostly," I replied. "Me and a couple of guys watch the games on Sunday. You'd probably get along with them quite well."

"Sounds good," Aaron said. "Work for you Carl?"

"Yeah, I could do that," Carl said." I'm out with the girlfriend Saturday, but Sunday would work for me."

We spent a little time talking as we dressed, okay; I just put a robe on. They got ready to leave when Aaron turned around and said "You know, I have some free time around 2 o'clock Thursday if you're interested?"

"Sure; where?"

"How about here if that works," Aaron said. "It's close to the kids school and I have to pick them up around 3."

"Sounds good. Looking forward to it."

Carl and Aaron left and I went to take a shower. This was working out better than I ever could have hoped. I couldn't wait for Thursday.

***********

Of all the guys I'd been with, wow, the number was increasing pretty fast; Aaron was the most interesting one. I mean, interesting in that he had rubbed my nipples, nipped and kissed my neck. I had never thought that a man's touch could be so, well... sexy. It felt strange when I first thought of it, but I mean, geez, if I can suck a guy's cock and fuck his ass and they could do it to me, so what if I thought it was sexy!

Aaron texted me he was on the way.

Knock, knock, knock came the sound. I opened the door and Aaron walked in, smiling. Seemed he was always smiling.

"Thanks for being here," he said. "It's been a real shitty day."

I walked to the kitchen and grabbed a couple of beers from the fridge. I turned around and Aaron had followed me into the kitchen, I handed him a beer.

"Bad day at work?" I asked.

Aaron opened the beer and took a drink. "Yeah," he said. "Just really busy. Didn't want to miss this."

"Boss giving you a hard time?"

"Not really, technically I'm the boss," he continued. "But it can be pretty stressful at times."

"I know what can relieve some stress," I said with a grin. "That's if you're interested."

I stepped forward and started to undo his belt, reached in and grabbed his cock. It was starting to get hard in my hand. I started to drop to me knees, but he caught me, pulled me up standing tall then stepped forward and leaned his face in!

I didn't hesitate and moved my head to meet him, our lips locking, his arms wrapping around my back. My mouth open, his tongue darted in and we kissed. I rubbed his cock as he slipped his tongue in deeper. After a minute or so I pushed his tongue out and mine into his mouth. My dick was throbbing!

Aaron stepped back and our mouths separated. "I was so fucking nervous about doing this."

"Me too," I smiled. "Now take your clothes off."

"Here?"

"Yeah, here; now," I started to peel away my clothes as did he. Man, I was hot and he was too, I could tell. I reached out and kissed him on the neck then slowly went down his chest, sucking one nipple, then the next. He reached for me, I pushed his hands away. From the nipples to the center of his chest I licked slowly, then down to his stomach. His hands reached down and rested on my shoulders as I continued downward.

Finally I came to where his cock was. But I didn't put it into my mouth. Instead I licked his thigh, up high, first the left one. Then I moved my mouth over his cock, breathing on it, but not touching it.

"Fuck!" he said softly.

Next I went to the right thigh and did the same thing, kiss, lick, and lick, then...

I quickly moved my head onto his dick, and dove down as far and I could. Up, down, up, down fast, faster then I stopped. Slowly I pulled my mouth up to the head of his cock, pulled it out of my mouth, and then slowly, slowly circled its head with my tongue.

I returned his cock to my mouth and went down half way, then back up. Then back down halfway and then back up. His cock was so hard and thick, I loved the way it smelled and felt. I took my hand and started to knead his balls. As I reached the head of his dick again I took my mouth off and began to softly suck his balls. Aaron moaned.

After a few minutes I stood up and pulled him to the dining room. "Sit down," I said.

He did and I stuck my dick in his mouth. He was hungry, swirling my cock head in his wet hot mouth. I thrust it forward, deeper and he took it willingly. In and out I thrust, deep to the back of his throat. Aaron grabbed my ass, one cheek in each hand, and pulled me forward with each thrust. I could feel my cock ready to explode, but stopped and pulled out. He looked at me quizzically, as if he had done something wrong. He hadn't; he needed the stress relief more than me.

Again I dropped to my knees and grabbed Aaron's dick. Swirl of the tongue then deep throat, his cock rubbing up against the back of my mouth. Almost choking I swallowed and swallowed, the pressure on his cock head causing him to moan. Quickly I moved up his shaft then down, up then down. No special technique this time, just the up and down movement that would make him cum and cum hard.

"Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!" he yelled and began to cum.

I pulled my mouth off his dick, grasped it in my hand and jacked it off onto my face, looking him in the eyes as I did. His hips bucked up, his cock pumping hot cum onto my face, on my tongue, hitting my nose. After what seemed forever he stopped cumming, slid back into the chair, eyes closed.

I wiped cum off my face, bringing it to my mouth. How I loved the taste of cum, even after I had cum and then swallowed some. We all know it's hard sometimes to swallow cum after you're cum yourself, but I could do it and loved it.

"Thanks, man" Aaron said.

"My pleasure buddy," I replied.

"Let me suck you now," Aaron said.

"Nah man, relax," I said. "It's almost time for you to take off anyway."

"Really?" he asked.

"Yep. You can owe me one," I said and smiled.

Aaron began to put his clothes on and said "That was hot."

"Yes it was."

"I mean all of it," he continued. "Never done that before."

"Cool, me neither," I said. "You good with it? I liked it."

Aaron paused then nodded, "Yeah, I'm good with it."

As he headed to the door Aaron asked, "Want me to come back tonight?"

"Love to, but I have plans" I replied. "Have a date tonight and she likes spending the night."

Aaron smiled at the news. Maybe he wasn't sure, but like him, I liked both sides of the coin.

Sunday morning and it was going to be a big day. All of the guys were coming over to watch the games. Frank, Dave, Aaron and Carl; should be interesting.

Cyndee walked over to me and slid her arm around my waist, kissing my neck, I laid the dish down and we hugged, kissing deeply.

"Thanks for last night," I said. She smiled and rubbed my dick through my pants.

"Thank you. Boys coming over for the games today?" she asked.

"Maybe one or two," I replied. "You have plans?"

She grinned and said "Oh, yeah. Susie's coming over and we're going to do a little shopping, maybe some lunch." Cyndee turned and we walked to the door.

"Have fun," I said, giving her a kiss.

"You too," she said. "Call me later if you get a chance, or I'll call you."

I watched Cyndee leave the house and thought how lucky I was.

Two hours later the guys started showing up. Frank and Dave showed up first, then Carl. Right before kickoff Aaron showed.

"Dave," Aaron said "How've you been?"

Dave walked over with a grin and shook Aaron's hand. "It's been awhile."

"You guys know each other?" I asked.

"Really well," Dave said with a grin.

That's interesting, I thought.

We watched most of the first game; then Frank unzipped his pants and pulled his dick out. Carl looked around, didn't see anyone making a move and walked over to Frank, dropping to his knees.

"Just in case, I put some condoms and lube on the night stand," I said. "Just saying."

Dave looked at Aaron, got up and headed to the bedroom. Aaron followed, stopped, looked at me and asked invitingly "Tom?"

Hell yeah, I thought. I followed them into the bedroom.

Dave had his clothes off, Aaron and I followed suit. I nodded at Dave and said to Aaron "Why don't you two get reacquainted?"

Aaron walked over to Dave, who was laying back on the edge of the bed and dropped to his knees. Opening his mouth Aaron grabbed Dave's dick and started to lick it. Dave grabbed Aaron's shoulders and held on as Aaron's head moved slowly up and down, going deeper each time. Dave looked at me and said "Bring that cock over here."

He didn't have to tell be twice. I climbed on the bed, got on my knees and slipped my cock into Dave's mouth. I rubbed my hard nipples as I slid in and out of his mouth. All he could do was to turn his head towards me; I used his mouth, going as deep as I could. He began to moan and I wasn't sure if it was from him sucking me, I knew he liked sucking cock, or the job Aaron was doing on him. After a few minutes Dave pulled my cock out and said "Someone fuck me now!"

Just then Carl walked in, his dick rock hard and smiling. "Can I get some of this?"

"Lay on the bed," Aaron said. "Dave, on your knees and suck his cock. Tom and I are going to fuck you."

Carl laid back and Dave bent over in front of him, knees bent on the bed and ass hanging off the edge. Dave eagerly slipped his mouth over Carl's dick and started to suck.

Aaron motioned me forward with his hand towards Dave's ass. I reached for the lube and Aaron said, "Don't bother with a condom, he likes feeling cum."

I was right; looks like Aaron and Dave were "good friends". I lubed up the head of my cock, stuck it on Dave's asshole and pushed. It slid right in, first the head then all of it as Dave pushed hard back against my dick. As I started to slide in and out, Aaron got behind be, slipped his cock between my butt cheeks, and rubbed my hard nipples as I fucked Dave. Feeling his tongue on my neck, I realized I could get used to this real quick.

Bam, bam, bam; Dave was taking my cock up the ass like a champ, banging back with each stroke while deep throating Carl's cock. I realized he wasn't new to this and it got me hotter!

Suddenly I started to cum, hard. Two, three, four long hot squirts and Dave was full of my cum. He kept sucking, not missing a stroke.

As I stepped back, Aaron moved past me and was in Dave's cum filled ass, pumping away. Carl was about ready to cum having been sucked by Dave for quite a while, and then he did. Dave swallowed it all, not even a little bit of it seeped out of his mouth and it was a large load.

Aaron backed out of Dave's ass, turned him around onto his back on the bed and slipped right back into his ass. As Aaron pumped away, Dave started to stroke his cock; he really needed to cum.

It was the least I could do I thought and got onto the bed, grabbing Dave's dick and putting it in my mouth. As I started to suck I felt someone else climb onto the bed, across from me. A hand pushed me off of Dave's cock; it was Frank!

Frank and I took turns sucking Dave's cock, backing off when he was about ready to cum, then going back to sucking a few seconds later. Up and down, in and out, then we both began licking Dave's cock, our tongues touching occasionally while we shared the dick.

Suddenly Aaron blew his load and screamed; his cum mixing with mine in Dave's grateful ass. Dave could feel it and I took his cock into my mouth fats and deep. It didn't take long...he started to cum and I swallowed it all, huge load that it was. When I had drained Dave's cock I lifted my head up and looked around the room.

Dave was wiped out, laid back with cum dripping from his ass. Aaron sat on a chair, dick soft, but obviously satisfied. Carl? Lying on the bed, he too had a satisfied look on his face. Frank? He was hard; again. Carl had sucked him off earlier, but all the playing around had got him hard again. He looked around; any takers he seemed to be saying.

How could I pass up a hard cock, after all, I had to make sure my guests were satisfied!

I pushed Frank back onto the bed, thankfully I had a King size as it was getting a bit crowded. I could hear from the TV that the night game was coming on soon, and I really wanted to see it. I went to work on Frank's cock. No swirling, no slow tonguing, just hard and deep cock sucking. Up, down, up and down faster and faster. Frank arched his back, a sure sign he was ready to cum. I picked up speed and he blew his load! Hot and thick; it was a second load so not as much, but I loved every drop. I could feel Frank's hands on my shoulders as he gently pushed me away. I was in the zone! I sucked it a bit more then let his shrinking cock slide out.

I smiled and got up. This had been a great day. Watched the first game, came a lot with my buds, and now it was time to watch the night game. I grabbed my phone to order pizza as we all started to get dressed. Game time!

************