 The clock ticked and tocked its way slowly to the hour and the end of class. Each second the hands grew higher and higher pointing upwards, they imitated the growing bulge in Tom's pants with the thoughts of what he was about to do. Ever since turning eighteen at the start of the year, Tom's heart would race as he watched the clock count down, before being let loose to explore his new-found fascination. But today it was coming to the final class, of his final year, and he so very much wanted to try one last thing before he left.

The bell rang and Tom leapt from his seat and bolted for the door, dodging other like minded students as he went, there was no time to lose. He knew he had less than ten minutes before he had to be in his last class and he so wanted to make them count.

Tom ran past the science block and through the quad, almost tripping over crying cheerleaders and emo depressants lamenting over their last moments in high school as he went. He reached the language block and started to hurdle the stairs two at a time before coming to a complete stop. 

He was standing outside the first floor bathroom and hesitated for just a moment before slowly opening the door and walking through. He chose his normal stall and sat, nervously looking at his watch he waited. Then he heard the familiar creak of the door and footsteps coming closer. The stall door next to his opened and was locked shut. He could hear the rustling of clothing and the clink of a belt before he saw what he wanted.

Through a hole on his left side slid his prize, the large shiny head and thick veiny shaft of a cock came into view. Tom couldn't help but let a slight gasp escape his lips. It was only half hard, hanging invitingly bobbing with each small movement. Tom snapped back to reality and realised he was against the clock.

Dropping to his knees, and grasping the soft flesh in his hands, he dove down on the cock before him. Gobbling up every inch, He was going to make sure this would be the best blowjob he had ever given. Further and further he plunged with each stroke, choking on the immense size on each swallow. He could feel the weight of the big round bulbous head pushing against his tongue and nudging the back of his throat. He pushed down, with the head against the back of his throat, gagging and choking himself with it. 

Tom leant back taking the thick dick from his mouth for a moment and stared at the now hard eight inches in awe. "God I love this dick", he thought. Strings of saliva clung to it, trailing back to his lips and dripping down the thick veins of the shaft. Tom held the base and pulled it down pointing it towards his mouth. "This is it", he said to himself, as he plunged back down and sucked the cock into his throat once more.

He tried to relax as best he could. Tears streamed down his face as he choked on the sizeable cock in his hand and mouth. He started milking it, urging it to erupt its thick liquid into his mouth. The gargling of his throat and the wet sloshing of his hand jerking the cocks' shaft echoed around the small bathroom like some seedy downtown brothel, and Tom loved it. It was a sound he was going to miss.

His hand was a blur running up and down the shaft quicker and quicker coaxing out the final load he would have the pleasure of tasting. He felt the thick head pushing past his gullet and into his throat. He had only managed that a few times before, his most urgent and desperate of blow jobs, those days when nothing else mattered but a hard cock abusing his mouth and using him like the cheap cock slut he was.

Tom could feel it coming, the shaft started to twitch in his hand and the head began to swell, filling his already stuffed mouth completely. He withdrew the shaft leaving only the mushroom head inside as he pumped the shaft with both hands. He heard the sound of banging against the cubicle wall as the willing recipient tried to fuck his mouth faster, then it came. A slow, guttural moan, Tom had heard many times before. He slowed his hands as he felt the first blast, but he wasn't ready for it. 

The first stream erupted hitting the back of his throat with such force that he almost lost grip on the cock. This was closely followed by a second and a third, filling Tom's mouth, he swallowed loudly and with no hint of hesitation but it wasn't quick enough. More and more hot thick cum was filling his mouth, it started squirting out the corners of his mouth and dribbling down his chin. He stuck his cum covered tongue out licking the shaft, as he continued sucking on the big head letting more cum drip down across his already glistening face. He kept swallowing, savouring every drop until the dick stopped twitching and came to rest.

Through teary eyes Tom licked the cock clean using it to scoop up what had escaped to his chin. As he did so he remembered what little parting gift he had cooked up for his anonymous benefactor. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the shiny metal tube of his mothers' brightest pink lipstick he had snagged this morning before leaving the house. Keeping hold of the now clean cock he quickly removed the cap and applied a smooth coat like he had practiced, and bending forward planted a big kiss on the big round head of the cock. And with one final lick he let go of the cock and saw it disappear though the hole, never to be seen again...