 Tom shivered a little as he pulled the razor over his chest while removing the last vestige of hair on his smooth tanned nineteen year old body! Stepping back under the shower, he rinsed away the residual soap suds, and after rubbing his hands all over to make sure he hadn't missed a spot he shut off the water and grabbed large bath towel and dried off. For as long as he remembered he felt like he was different from his playmates, not from his outward appearance, but from the inside!! He walked back into the bedroom and opened a lingerie drawer, pulling out a pretty pair of white lace panties which after rubbing them over his face, he slipped on over his smooth lean thighs until they were tugged tightly over his cock and balls. He stared at his reflection in the full length mirror on the back of the door, and after a long sigh escaped his lips, his nipples stiffened in the cool air while his penis turned bone hard and erect! 

"Miss Evans, would please get a hold of Mr. Furlong and have him come to my office please!?!" Becky Howard, Bryce McGregor's secretary, picked up the phone and within two minutes had the young man standing in front of her desk as she opined, "The boss wants to see you right away, you can go right in!"

"Thanks, Becky," he replied while giving her a wink before going inside to see what Bryce McGregor wanted, as if he didn't know!! "Hello, my boy," Bryce said enthusiastically while getting up to shake his hand, "and how are you today!?!"

"Uh, I'm fine sir," Tom Furlong answered easily, "is there something you wanted to see me about!?!" Now lowering his voice to barely above a whisper Bryce McGregor asked almost desperately, "D-did you wear them for me, I mean the panties, do you have them on right now!?!"

"That would be very naughty of me wouldn't it," Tom teased gently, "I mean, panties are what women wear aren't they, why don't you have Becky come in, I'm sure that she's wearing panties!!"

"Oh god," he gasped, "she doesn't have a big cock hidden in hers, p-please, show me, take off your pants!!"

Tom Furlong knew that his boss was just a cock hound, so with unbelievable slowness he undid his pants, and finally after giving his ass a little shake slid them down over his thighs until they settle in a pile around his ankles!! "S-sweet Jesus in heaven," the older man moaned, "you've got a hard-on, I can see it right through the material, oh fuck, does that look nice!!" Tom casually ran his fingers over the outline of his hard pecker and asked softly, "You mean this, you like the way this looks, gee, it might be fake, I might have stuck a fake cock in my panties, you never know!!" The old man fairly leaped to his knees in front of Tom as he clawed at the front of his pretty pair of white undies while begging, "P-please let me feel it, I really need it, I'm begging you!!" When he saw his boss dropping to his knees, Tom had stepped back out of the way just out of his reach, and in a playful voice asked, "What are you gonna do if I let you have it, I mean you're not gonna hurt me are you!?!"

"Hurt you," Bryce fairy yelled, "I'm gonna suck you off, now get over hear and let me see it, and that's and order!!" 

Feeling sorry for the guy, Tom moved closer, allowing him to press his face against the front of the young man's crotch!! "Ohhhhhhh you feel so hard," Bryce sighed while covering Tom's crotch with little kisses, "I can't wait, I'm gonna take it out!!" Now was the part the old man loved best, that being when Tom's big cock sprung free in front of his hot mouth!! With his hands literally shaking, he hooked his thumbs in the waist band, and after giving the banana shaped cock one last kiss, tugged the pretty frillys down until his hard erection popped into view!! "Y-you shaved yourself clean," he babbled, "oh god, I just love it!!" Tom involuntarily moaned as the head of his hard-on slid into his boss's hot mouth, and while he wouldn't say it was the best head he had ever had he had to admit the guy knew something about sucking cock!! For the next ten minutes Bryce McGregor sat on his knees and fellated the young man, until finally he couldn't stand it, and as if in a sexually induce haze, he stood up, dropped his pants and shorts, and after bending over the front of his desk, turned to Tom and ordered, "Okay, sonny, fuck me in the ass!!" 

Tom smiled seductively at his boss, and after lubricating the guy's ass with a finger full of saliva, he pressed his thick erection against the old man's asshole, and after grabbing him by the hips, rammed his meat balls deep into his unprepared sphincter! From past experience and realizing the assault that was about to take place, Bryce had buried his mouth into his arm, and as the thick organ drove hard into his ass, he tried to muffle his scream as the young man turned his cock into a battering ram! God, he felt like a pussy, Tom was the one man that could turn him into Jell-o and he wasn't ashamed to admit that he was a slave to his hard young cock! Tom bored in harder and harder until he was on the very edge of orgasm, but instead of filling the old man's ass with cum, he pulled out roughly, and after spinning the old man around and back on his knees, he shot a gusher of a load right onto his eager face and into his open mouth! 

As he passed Becky's desk on the way back to his office, she winked at him knowingly and laughed, "I guess I'll be seeing you again tomorrow, right!?!" He smiled back at her replied, "Tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after that…"

Later that night, there was a dinner party finishing up… "Thank you for such a wonderful evening," Kimberly Knight said to her hostess and friend Ruth Pedersen, "let's do it again real soon, all right!" Tom stood quietly behind his wife while she gave the proper thank yous, but once they were in the car and on their way home, her cheery outward appearance immediately turned nasty. "Can't you do anything right," she snapped, "it's like I'm raising a five year old boy."

"I-I'm sorry, dear," he mumbled while not at all sure what he had done wrong!! "You're such a sniveling simp," she snapped, "the light's green, you can go now!"

"Jesus, she can be such a bitch," he thought to himself while pulling through the intersection, "only god in heaven knows what I've done, and he'd better stay out of her way or he'd be in trouble too! 

The car was barely stopped when Kimberly stomped into the house and slammed the door behind her, leaving Tom alone trying to figure out what had set her off, but when he couldn't even come up with a hint of and idea, he sighed deeply and headed into the kitchen. He was just about to open the refrigerator door to get a snack when a voice that could cut glass rang out ordering him to come up stairs this instant. He hesitated for a moment, thinking that he'd get his eats first, but that didn't seem like the prudent thing to do, so he reluctantly trudged up the steps to their bedroom on the second floor! 

"What took you so long," she snapped, "I've been waiting up here for hours, now get your ass over here and unzip my dress." Quickly he traversed the twenty feet over to her dressing table, and as she stared at him coldly in the mirror, he gently tugged the zipper down her back until it came to a stop just above her ass!! "How was that," he asked brightly!?! "Oh that's just wonderful, Tom," she remarked snidely, "you're so fucking talented, you can actually unzip a dress without someone having to help you, what a prize you've turned out to be." He started to protest, but the look on her face told him that just shutting his mouth and letting her finish her rant was the best course of action to take!! 

Kimberly stood up and slipped out of her pure while camisole, and after staring at her image in the mirror, she reached around behind her back, and with a deftness only a woman could have, unhooked her the four clasps holding her 36D cup bra and let it slip down over her arms onto her dressing table!! "How do you like my tits, Tommy," she asked softly while cupping them in her hands, "they're perfect aren't they!?!" 

Sensing that she was calming down a bit, Tom nodded in affirmation, and as she turned to face him, she thrust out her panty clad crotch and ordered him to slip them off!! With his hands shaking he dropped to his knees, and after licking his dry lips, he gently pulled the satiny undies over her slim hips!! His head began to spin with desire as he gazed with glassy eyes at her genitals, but knowing better than to make a move before he was given permission, he sat there in agony as he waited for her signal!! When she was satisfied that she had waited long enough, she grabbed him by the ears, and in a very firm and forceful voice demanded, "Okay, my little man, suck mama's big hard dick!!" 

With his mind spinning like a top, Ben leaned in, and after kissing his "wife's" soft head, he opened his mouth and let it slip inside where he gently nibbled and sucked the big organ until she was cumming down his throat!! "Ohhhhhhh my," she gasped when her cum explode like a fire hose into his mouth, "that's a good little boy, take care of mama's big bad hard-on, make her shoot down her little boy's throat!!" Ben was so addicted to his wife's big cock that no matter the time or the place, if she asked him to suck it he most surely would have!! Eight inches long and as thick as a woman's wrist, Kimberly Knight was a wet dream come to life, with her pretty face, big boobs, long slim legs, and of course her powerful penis that kept her husband totally in her thrall!! There was a reason she called him her little man, however, and that was because although he was a man's man so to speak, his cock compared to his wife's, looked like a little boy's, hence she called him her little man or boy!! 

After taking a moment to recuperate from her cum, she kissed her husband on the mouth and then whispered into his ear, "Pull it out for me, show me your hard pecker!!" This was always one the things that excited Ben the most, comparing his six inch erection to his wife's thick monster, and after he had dropped his pants and shorts, they pressed their bodies together, allowing their erections to slide around in between them, being lubricated by the spate of precum that was dripping from both of their hot little slits while deep throating each other to the brink of orgasm!! 

When Kimberly was sure that she was ready to blow another load, she quickly pulled away from Ben, and after leading him to the bed by his pecker, she lay down on her back, spread her legs, and offered her tight little asshole to her husband's hard dick! Of all the times she felt the most female was when her husband mounted and fucked her like she was a normal woman. As Tom pounded away at her tight little ass, her huge cock slid back a forth between them, again driving itself closer and closer to another climax!! Ben kissed her deeply on the lips, and as his penis convulsed hard in her tight rectum, her own pecker spasmed out of control as both of them shook like leaves in a wind storm while their brutally satisfying orgasm swept through them!! 

While they lay together in post coital bliss, Ben cupped Kimberly's big boob and asked softly, "So, tell me what got you so mad after the party, I can't think of one thing I did wrong!!" She kissed him on the cheek and replied gently, "Nothing, you didn't do anything wrong at all, I just want to keep you on your toes, okay!?!" He giggled a little as his penis began to stiffen and replied, "Okay!!"