 My cock was hard and I was thinking about Aaron. It had been awhile since we had gotten together; I mean just the two of us. Oh, I love getting together with more than one guy at a time, but one on one could be pretty satisfying; with the right one and Aaron was my guy. He must have been thinking the same thing as I heard my phone go off and it was a text from him. Okay, maybe not exactly that way, I had texted him three times earlier during the day, but who cares, he was texting me. 

"How you been?" 

"Good. You? Been awhile since I've seen you. Beer later?" I texted back. 

"Have whole evening free. Maybe quick dinner, beers and..." 

Yes! I texted him some ideas and we ironed out the particulars. I would grab some Chinese takeout and have it ready around six. 

"Sounds good. See you then." I couldn't wait to see him again. 

Aaron arrived on time and he was wearing workout clothes? 

"Hey, I was working out at the gym and lost track of the time," he lied. "Can I use your shower?" He held up a gym back. "I want to change my clothes." 

I smiled, sure; I'll play your game. "Oh yeah, help yourself. We can reheat the takeout if you take too long." 

"Oh, I shouldn't take too long," he said and headed for the bathroom. I put the takeout in the fridge, waited a couple of minutes then followed him in. When I got there he was naked and lathering up his hair. I stripped naked, opened the door and stepped in. It was a large shower. How large? I had bent Cyndee over in it quite a few times and with any kind of luck I would be doing Aaron. 

I stepped behind him and pressed my hard cock against his ass, hands around his chest to his nipples. I bent forward and licked his neck, the water splashing on me. He kept washing his hair, but still was sure to press his ass against my dick. After a couple of minutes he turned around, leaned his head back to rinse his hair. I went down on him. 

His cock was hard and hot from the water. On my knees, I grabbed his balls with one hand and took his cock in the other. 

"I missed your cock," I said as I licked the head, right under the crown. 

Aaron took a deep breath in anticipation of what was to follow. "I've missed yours too Tom; a lot." 

I started to massage his balls in a circular pattern, round and round while my tongue turned circles around his cock head. Sexy as this sounds and I thought it would be pretty hot, the water took away some of his taste, not to mention it was a distraction. I stood up, still holding his cock; I opened the shower door and went out. Adam slipped out of my hand, turned the water off and followed. When he got out of the shower he grabbed a towel, but I pulled it from his hands and tossed it to the ground. I pulled him close, our cocks rubbed together and I pressed my lips to his. He hungrily opened his mouth, accepting my tongue as it darted in. Our tongues rubbed together moving from one mouth to the other; my cock rock hard, his was also as we locked bodies. 

I grabbed his ass with both hands as he pulled my head back and licked my neck, then nipped it with his teeth. I took a quick breath in as he wedged his hand down between our bodies and grabbed my cock. "Give it to me," he said softly as he began to stroke up and down." 

I pulled away, grabbed his hand and led him to the bedroom, by now our bodies dry from the friction. When I got there I pulled the glass dildo from the drawer, Aaron taking it from my hands said "I don't want to share your ass tonight, not even with a dildo." He grabbed the lube and continued and patted the edge of the bed; "Now on your knees Tom and let me fuck you." 

I did as I was told; knelt at the edge of the bed, head on the mattress and ass in the air. I wanted Aaron as badly as he wanted me. We had grown close since we sucked and fucked each other, the kissing having a lot to do with it, but I couldn't dwell on it. I felt a lubed finger up my ass then his hard cock at my asshole. I pushed back slightly; he pushed forward and was in. He pulled me back towards him and slowly, in one motion, went balls deep into my ass. I've come a long way from the first careful times I had my ass fucked to where I am today; lube it and shove it, then fuck me hard; I like and it's all good. Aaron moved in and out of me, his thick cock feeling great. 

"Oh fuck me," I said as he slowly increased his speed. My ass took it with pleasure, his balls banging against me causing me to smile. I wanted him to fill my ass with his hot cum, but he wasn't in a hurry. He pulled out, slapped my ass and said, "On your back Tom." 

I complied and laid down, legs off the edge. He grabbed a pillow, I pushed my ass up, and he slid it into place. Hitting the perfect height he thrust his cock back inside me. I reached up and grabbed his nipples; I like it and so does Adam. 

"That's it Tom," he said as he slid his thick, hard, cock deep inside my ass. When his balls hit my ass he stopped, waited for a bit, then slowly pulled back up keeping only the head inside of me. 

"Oh yeah, man," I said exhaling slowly. "That's it, take your time then fill me up. I want it!" 

As I rubbed his now hard nipples, he slid back inside me, always balls deep, then out up to the head. After a few minutes of slow, deep, fucking he started to speed up. 

As his balls began to bang into me I said, "That's it Aaron! Fuck me hard, fill me up!" 

Aaron didn't say a word, but picked up more speed. Now he was fucking my tight ass as fast as he could. Bam! Bam! Bam! I knew he was ready to cum so I squeezed his nipples, hard, and he exploded inside me. 

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" he yelled as long, hot, spurts of cum filled my ass. "I need this Tom, I need this bad!" 

"Oh yeah, me too; me too!" I exclaimed. "Fill me up!" 

After what seemed like forever, but was still way too short, Aaron pulled back away from me, his wet dick dripping cum, as was my asshole. He fell back into the chair. 

"Dude, that was fucking hot," I said. 

Aaron was breathing hard, "Man, no shit," he relied. "That was one of the better times." 

I laughed, "I hope you mean one of many times." 

He laughed and asked, "What I can do for you?" 

I smiled and got up, walked towards the bathroom and said, "You relax, I got this." 

I came back with a wet towel and wiped his cock clean, I wanted to suck him again and when I get going, well sometimes, things can get out of control. 

We locked eyes and as I stood in front of Aaron I pulled him down to his knees. Without a word he reached up to cup by balls and grabbed my cock. 

"Can I help you?" he asked, looking up to me. 

"Oh, yeah, bro'", I replied. "Big time." 

My cock was hard and aching as he rubbed it against his mouth. Licking it, then kissing it, he moved it from lips to cheek, then back. He started to rub, then squeeze my balls as he opened his mouth, took the head of my cock inside. As he wrapped his lips around it I took a deep breath. 

I loved when Aaron sucked my dick. He would use his hand on his mouth as he slid down my shaft; then as he got deep his mouth would take me all the way inside. Once there he would swallow a couple of times, each time tightening on my cock. On the way back up his hand would return, keeping pressure on my whole cock the whole time. It was great and I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew a load. Except; I wasn't sure where it would be. 

As he sucked me I thought of how tight his ass was, how it drained my cock oh so well. I loved filling an ass up with cum, especially Aaron's as we had gotten quite close over the last few months. 

"Give it to me Tom," Aaron said as he sucked my cock. "I want to taste you; it's been too long." 

Oh shit, how hot was that? How could I say no? I began to rub my nipples in earnest now as Aaron sped up, always taking me deep into his mouth. Up, down, in, out he worked over my cock like a good friend until... 

I blew a large load of cum, spread out over five or six spurts and Aaron made approval sounds as he took it inside. I yelled "Oh yeah, oh yeah!" as each spurt few out of my cock. After a while I pulled my aching cock out of his mouth. As I tried to step back, Aaron was on his feet, his mouth to mine. I opened my mouth, knowing full well the treat I was going to receive. My cum was slipped into my mouth, our tongues danced, cum laced and hard. 

Speaking of hard, I could feel Aaron's hard again dick against me. After we had swallowed all of my cum he pushed away and dropped me to my knees. 

"Suck me," he asked or commanded. Which one it was I didn't care, I just wanted his hard cock in my mouth. I took it into my mouth, rubbing his balls in a circular pattern while I went down; down hard and fast. I knew there was a chance of him not cumming so soon after the last time, but I wanted it so I went right for it. No sweet loving's, just hard sucking; tight and fast. 

"Damn!" he said. 

After a couple of minutes Aaron exploded inside my mouth. Being the second time he had cum in such a short period of time it wasn't a large dose as before, but I didn't care. It was my friend's cum and I swallowed it thankfully. I sucked until he was drained; stood up, then lay back on my bed. Aaron stepped back, sliding back into the chair. Neither of us said a word for some time. 

"Can we keep doing this Tom" he asked. 

"Doing what?" 

"Hooking up like this," Aaron said. 

"I hope so; fuck, this is good times," I replied. Uh, oh. Wonder where this was going." 

"What if Cyndee or my wife find out?" he asked. 

"Can't speak for your wife, but Cyndee's good with it," I said. "I mean sucking cock; she doesn't know about you." 

Aaron tilted his head to the side questioningly. "Cyndee knows you suck cock?" 

"Yep, she does," I said as matter of factly as I could say it. "Like I said though, she doesn't know about us." 

"Okay, fine, whatever," he said hurriedly. "But she knows you suck a guy's cock." 

"Yep," I replied. "That she does." 

"She asked you about it?" 

"At first, yeah, but once she saw me doing it, she was good with it." 

"She saw you sucking a guy's dick!" he exclaimed. "Your girlfriend saw you sucking cock and she was okay with it!" 

"Oh yeah," I said. This was actually fun watching Aaron's reaction. "Actually she helped me do it." 

Aaron leaned back in the chair and said. "She helped you suck a guy's cock?" 

"Okay, not really" I said. "We took turns sucking it." 

"Dude, that's crazy," Aaron said with a look of disbelief on his face. "You're fucking with me, right?" 

"Actually I want to be fucking you later, but no, it's the truth," I said with a laugh. "Cyndee and I had a threesome with this guy. Oh, she loves being spit roasted by the way." 

"I'm jealous," Aaron said with resignation. 

"No, wait; you told me you wouldn't be interested in a threesome with me and Cyndee," I said. "Remember?" 

"No, not that," he replied. "I'm jealous about Cyndee. My wife would kill me. So she was into it?" 

"It was sort of her idea actually," I said. 

"Okay, that's it," he said. "I don't want to hear any more about it; too fucking jealous." 

"Sorry man; didn't mean to get you upset," I said. "I suppose fucking your ass is off the table?" 

"I'm not upset," He replied then grinned. "Speaking of table, come fuck me in the dining room." He grabbed the lube, turned and headed out of the bedroom. 

When I caught up to him he was up on the table, lubed fingers in and on his asshole. "Now come fuck me," he said. 

I smiled and stood before him, his legs spread wide. "Be careful with your balls on the table," he said. 

"Good point," I replied as I pulled his ass over the edge. Grabbing my now well lubed cock I laid it at his asshole and pushed; head deep without any effort. 

Aaron looked at me and said, "I said fuck me." 

I smiled, so did he, and pushed my cock deep inside. Balls banged his ass and he said, "That's better. Now fuck me Tom, you lucky mother fucker." 

He was right in a couple of ways. Here I was fucking my friend in the ass, I could hear he loved it; my girlfriend and I had started having threesomes where I could suck a dude's cock, and I had quit few cocks to fuck and suck and that wasn't even mentioning the lovely trannies I had been with. 

Tom was right; I was a lucky mother fucker. My self-revelation took less time than it did for you to read about it and I started to fuck Aaron hard. I looked down and saw him stroking his getting hard cock while I watched my dick sliding in and out of him. I reached out and grabbed his nipples, pumping his ass. I wanted to cum and was getting close. Bam! Bam! Bam! 

"I'm going to cum buddy" I said and then did. The nice thing about the second or even third time cumming is that even though you don't have near as much cum, it feels still really good. And this one did. 

"Oh, oh, oh!" I yelled as I shot it into Aaron's ass. After I stopped cumming I stepped back, saw that Aaron was still stroking his hard cock, and bent forward. I slipped two fingers into Aaron's really wet and inviting ass, pulled his hand away and took his cock into my mouth. 

I didn't remember if Aaron had ever cum three times in one session and I wanted it to happen now. Wet and hot, sliding up and down I worked his cock with my mouth and hand. I squeezed his balls as I sucked. I could hear him breathing quicker; maybe this was going to happen. 

"Oh geez," he yelled as his hips raised up from the table as cum started to shoot into my mouth. Okay, maybe not shoot exactly, but I drained that fine cock of whatever cum he could make. After about four deep down sucks, he pushed me away saying, "Stop! That's it! I can't cum anymore." 

I stood up and said, "Dude; that was fucking hot! You came three times tonight." 

He smiled and replied, "Fuck; that was crazy shit, man." 

It was getting late and Aaron needed to get going. He got dressed, collected his stuff and headed for the door. When we got there he turned, pulled me close and kissed me deeply. 

"You taste like cum Tom," he said with a grin. 

"I wonder where that came from," I replied. 

As Aaron left I shut the door. Thinking what a lucky mother fucker I was. 

************ 

Carl's dick was deep in my ass and I loved it. I was on my knees at the edge of the bed and he stood behind me pounding away. 

Dave was also on the bed, on his knees in front of me; hard throbbing cock in my mouth. Getting spit roasted like no tomorrow I felt my ass tightening down on Carl's cock while my mouth hungrily sucked Dave's. 

I'd be lying if I said my cock wasn't hard, it was. Rock hard, but there was no one to suck it. Bad planning on my part I guess. 

I felt Carl blow a huge load up my ass. His hot cum filled me up and the added wetness made his cock slide in and out even easier. I hated to see him finish. 

Then Dave yelled and a large load of cum filled my mouth. I mean a large load; coming out of the edges of my mouth even though I swallowed as fast as I could. My two friends filled up both of my ends and... 

I woke up. 

WTF?! I looked over to my right; I always slept on the left side closest to the door and saw...no one. That in itself wasn't odd, but the dream sure was; so lifelike. I reached down and got a hold of my cock; it was hard. At least that part was real. I began to stroke it then stopped. Today was Thursday and I didn't have anywhere special to be. I figured I'd make a call or text a bit and maybe I could have someone over. 

It had been awhile since I had been with Dave. But that wasn't too strange. Of the six or seven, maybe eight cocks I sucked in town about four or five of them knew each other and often they would hook up. I know a couple of times one of them would call me, but I was busy and couldn't meet them, only to find out they had found someone else available. It was good; if one of us wanted his cock sucked there was usually someone available. And then there were the times four or five of us would get together and that was wild; fucking great, but wild. Usually I'd get spit roasted or help spit roast someone else so the dream with Dave and Carl wasn't a stretch. In fact, it had actually happened before. 

Anyway, with so many guys messing around with each other it got pretty confusing. Whose ass had I fucked? I knew I had sucked them all and they had sucked me, but fucking my ass? I couldn't tell you who had or hadn't. Not to mention the kissing. Aaron had showed me how hot it was and I had done it with some others, but which ones? Who knows? All I do know is when I'm with one of the guys I'll try it and do it all. Suck, fuck, kiss; if they aren't into it I'm sure they would let me know. No one had so far as we were pretty close. Of course when you drain a guy's cock of cum; you get close. 

I went through a few of the guys then got a reply text from Ben. Ben was still new to me, we had sucked cocks at the bookstore and he worked there, but I hadn't been going there much anymore. I like a private place and the bookstore wasn't that. 

"Tom! Good to hear from you. Been awhile. S'up?" he texted. 

"Busy with work and stuff." I replied. 

"Too busy to get your cock sucked?" 

"LOL. You can suck it today if you want." 

"Cool! Where? When?" 

I texted him back and we set up a time, here would be the place. 

About an hour later "young guy", that's how I always thought of Ben, him being a college student and all that knocked at the door. I opened it up and there he was, and so was Gary! 

"Hope you don't mind," Ben said. "I was leaving work and Gary came by and we got to talking and I mentioned I was coming over so..." 

"It's okay Tom? Right?" Gary said a bit nervously. 

I smiled and replied, "Gary, I told you I'd suck your cock anytime. I mean it, anytime." 

Gary smiled and looked at Ben who also smiled. 

"Ever had a threesome Ben? Gary?" I asked. 

"I've sucked more than one cock in the same day," Ben said. "That count?" 

I laughed and said, "Close, but not quite. I bet you'd like it." 

Gary looked at me then Ben then back at me and replied "Oh yeah. That sounds great; lead the way boss." 

I turned and headed for the bedroom. Once there I began to take off my clothes, Ben and Gary following suit. After I was undressed I reached into my drawer and pulled out the blue dildo and small bottle of lube. I looked at it and made a mental note to get some more. 

Ben looked at the dildo and asked with a grin "What are you planning to do with that?" 

I looked at Gary, then Ben and replied "Whatever you guys like; or not." 

Ben reached down into his pants pocket and pulled out three condoms and tossed them next to the dildo. "Why stop there? He said with a knowing grin. This could get really interesting. 

Gary looked a little unsure and I figured he was thinking too much. I dropped to my knees and motioned them over to me. "Bring those nice cocks over here gentlemen." 

Ben was already hard and Gary was almost there. They stood in front of me and I grabbed a cock in each hand. I looked up and smiled at them. "Congratulations on your first threesome boys, I'll try and make it memorable. Everything's on the table, if you want it." 

I licked Ben's long young cock, just the head for a bit and then did the same to Gary's. I wondered what was going to happen, how far each of them would go. I opened my mouth and slowly sliding it down Gary's cock, now fully hard. I heard him take a quick breath as I slid back up. 

I stroked Ben's cock as I sucked Gary. Gary being new to this was hot; I'd be interested to see how far he'd go. But while I thought, I also sucked him long and slow. I stroked Ben's cock, licking my hand when needed. After a few minutes of this I switched over to Ben. 

"Oh yeah," he said as I took his long, thick and hard cock into my mouth. I wanted to stroke it while I sucked, but didn't want Gary to feel left out. I licked my hand, grabbed his cock and began to work it. While I worked Gary's cock I slipped my tongue out and circled the head of Ben's cock. I loved the way it had tasted at the bookstore and it tasted just as good today. Must be his body wash I thought, a bit salty, but oh so good. Around and around I went on his cock head as my hand continued to stroke Gary's cock slowly. My wet mouth slid down slow and easy; then back up; only an inch at a time. I wanted to enjoy this and from the soft sounds he was making, so did he. 
