 This is part of an ongoing story over multiple Categories with common characters. 

*****

"Ding!"

Marcus? No, Ben.

Ben – "What's up Tom?"

Me – "Not much. You?"

Him – "Free time. Want to hang out?"

Me – "What do you have in mind?"

Him – "Beer and blowjobs? LOL"

Me – "Have someone coming over in bit."

Him – "And Ben makes three?"

Me – "Hang on."

I texted Marcus.

Me – "Interested in three way?

"Ding."

Marcus – "That hot ex-girlfriend of yours?"

Me – "Not this time. She IS interested though. Young dude. 

Him – "How young?"

Me – "Fourth year in college."

Him – "All on the table?"

Me – "LOL. All on the table."

Him – "I'll get an extra-large meat lover's."

Me – "Oh, he'll love the extra-large."

Him – "LOL. 6 work?"

Me – "Yep. See you then."

I texted the info back to Ben.

Me – "Three at 6. Marcus bringing pizza."

Ben – "Oh shit! Bookstore Marcus?"

That's right. I forgot he had sucked Marcus' cock at the bookstore.

Me – "Yep, that Marcus."

Him – "Haven't seen him in long time. Hey!"

Me – "LOL. Yep I have, for long time now."

Him – "You're welcome. C U at 6."

This was going to be fun.

************

Knock, knock, knock. I opened the door.

"Pizza delivery!" Marcus said with a smile. He walked in; I shut the door behind him. Putting the pizza on the dining room table he asked "How you been man?"

I nodded, "Good, good. Crazy shit going on," I replied.

"Crazy good shit or just crazy shit?" he asked.

"Good shit," I said. Walking into the kitchen I asked him if he wanted a beer. 

"Water's fine," he replied. There was a knock at the door.

"Can you get that?" I said. I heard the door open and heard Ben's voice.

"Marcus! Been a long time since I last seen you," Ben said closing the door behind him. Marcus and Ben shook hands and they went to the dining room table.

"Beer, pop, water, Ben?" I said.

"Beer's good man," he replied. Ben and Marcus shot the shit, catching up with each other. I sat down at the table, passed out the drinks and we started to eat. 

"Man, that was good pizza," Marcus said. "Brings back memories of growing up."

"I hear you Marcus," I replied as it did.

"What's on TV?" Ben asked. "I gave him the remote and he flicked the TV on. We all knew this was just killing time till the food settled when we could do what we all were here to do; we were all meat-lovers.

"Be right back," Ben said as he got up and headed to the bathroom. Marcus and I went to the bedroom and undressed, Marcus folding his clothes as always. 

I looked at his naked, buff body and was getting hard, he already was. I reached into the drawer and pulled out the lube. Wouldn't need a dildo I figured with three cocks in the room.

"Have a seat Tom," Marcus said with a smile. I walked over to the chair and sat down; he spread my legs wide and tossed one over each arm rest. "That's better." He grabbed my cock in his hand and rubbed it against his face, along his lips. Licking it with his tongue, he spun a circle around the head and took it into is mouth.

"Holy fuck!" Ben said as he entered the bedroom. "You suck cock?! I thought you only got your cock sucked at the bookstore."

Marcus pulled his mouth from my cock and smiled, "More than that Ben. If you're lucky, you'll find out what else." Marcus went back down on me.

Ben was out of his clothes and stroking his cock. I smiled and said, "Why don't you bring that hard cock over here Ben?" He walked over to me. I grabbed his cock and bent down, putting it in my mouth. Fuck, I love getting my cock sucked when I have one in my mouth.

Marcus went down, slow of course, he knew how to suck dick, taking me deep. I took Ben deeper, not all the way as the angle wasn't right, but he still enjoyed it. Fuck, I know I did! We sucked for a few minutes, Marcus picking up speed. My balls ached, not just from getting my cock sucked, but also from who was sucking it.

After a few minutes Marcus stood up and stretched, "Any takers?" he asked stroking his cock. Ben beat me to it, pulling out of my mouth and dropping to his knees. Grabbing Marcus' cock he started licking it at the balls, swirling his tongue nice and slow. I was jealous.

Marcus looked at me and said "You got a find ass there Ben."

Ben continued to kiss his balls and replied "Oh, you can have that too if you want, after I suck this fine cock of yours. I fucking miss it man!"

He went deep down Marcus' rock hard, thick, black cock. Marcus grabbed his shoulders and rubbed them as Ben sucked. I went around behind Marcus and licked his neck as I rubbed his nipples. He softly said "Oh yeah," and I kissed along his back, down towards his waist.

Ben was going to town, his hand and mouth, hot and wet, gripping Marcus' thick cock as he went up and down, savoring its taste and size. I had reached Marcus' waist and reached around with my hands and rubbed his thighs up and down, kissing his ass – yeah. I kissed and licked his ass – as I rubbed.

"I want to fuck your ass Ben," Marcus said. "Can I do that?"

Ben pulled his head off and replied, "Hell yeah. How do you want me?"

I laughed and said, "You might want to be on your back for this one; at least the first time."

Marcus let him up and began to lube his cock. I pulled Ben to the bed, shoved a pillow under his ass and knelt beside his head. He knew where I was going with that and grabbed my cock.

Marcus put his fat cock head on Ben's asshole and asked "Ready buddy?"

"Oh yeah," Ben replied.

Marcus began to slide in, "Oh fuck it's so fucking big!" Ben said loudly.

"Want me to stop bro'?" Marcus asked.

"Oh hell no! Fuck me balls deep!" Ben said.

Marcus gave him what he wanted, his big, long, thick cock disappearing into Ben's ass. Ben being the trooper he is, pulled my cock to his mouth and began to suck on it. Okay, more than once he stopped sucking it and just let it stay in his mouth, but c'mon, he was taking Marcus' big fucking cock up the ass for the first time.

In and out his black cock slid, in slow and deep, Ben moaning and breathing raggedly. I slid my cock in and out of his mouth whole I rubbed my nipples.

Ben pulled my cock out of his mouth and said, "Fill me up Marcus, I want to feel your cum in me."

Marcus smiled and started to pump faster his large balls banging against Ben's ass. I tried to fuck Ben's mouth, but was afraid he might bite me by mistake so I pulled out and went down to his cock. I grabbed it and shoved it into my mouth, sucking on it hard and fast. 

That got Marcus hotter and holding Ben's legs tight he slammed away. Bam! Bam! Bam! Ben had no idea what he was in for, but he was definitely into it, yelling "Fuck me! Fuck me!" on each pump. I sucked faster and harder trying to drain his cock while he had his ass full of cock.

He was close; Marcus, I knew could last a while if he wanted to and he must have figured out what I was trying to do and he slowed down a bit, going deep and stopping while I sucked. Slowly he would back his cock out, staying inside Ben: then he push back in fast, deep and then stopping.

Ben started to cum and he came fucking hard! I almost choked on his first huge splash of cum. As he shot his cum with Marcus' big fat cock up his ass, Ben couldn't clamp his ass shut like normally happens. Instead it was one long stream of cum, hot and tasty in my mouth. He dry fired and after a few, I pulled away. I moved up to Ben's mouth, we locked lips and the cum was swallowed by us both hungrily.

"Ahhhhhh fuck!" Marcus yelled loudly as he shot his hot cum into Ben's ass, Ben still shaking from cumming himself. Two three, how many spurts of cum went up Ben's ass; who can say. Marcus banged him six or seven more deep, ball banging strokes, then fell away, back into the chair.

I got up and shoved my aching cock up Ben's ass and started to fuck him. It was really wet inside, really hot, and not as tight as it had been the last time I fucked his ass, but soon it shrank down to the size of my cock and I banged him hard.

"Fuck me Tom!" he said. "Fuck me hard!"

I did, in and out, holding his legs against me so he couldn't move away, not that he wanted to. I pumped over and over, Marcus' cum aiding my cock as it went in and out, balls banging deep each time. I couldn't last long and I didn't want to; I started to fill Ben's ass with cum. Three or more dumps of hot cum into his ass, a few dry fires and I was done. I stumbled away and sat back on the bed.

Ben looked at Marcus and said, "Dude, that was the best ass fucking I ever got. Damn, you have a big dick!"

Marcus laughed, "Hey man thanks a lot. That was great. I'll do you any time you want."

"Oh, now that I know you do what you do," Ben replied, "You can have me any time you want."

I walked into the bathroom and washed my cock off then came back with two hot wet face clothes, giving one to each.

"Man, my ass hurts," Ben said as he finished wiping cum out of his asshole.

"The second time is easier," I replied. "Trust me, I know."

"Tell you what Ben," Marcus said. "Give me a half hour or so and you can fuck my ass."

"Really?" That got Ben's interest.

"Yep, you can, as long as I can get my cock sucked while you're doing it," Marcus replied, smiling at me.

"Man I told you, I'll suck your cock anywhere, any time," I said and I would.

"Cool," Marcus said. "How about a beer?"

"Let's go," I said and we went out to the kitchen. Okay, after twenty minutes I was down on my knees sucking Marcus' long, thick cock and loving it. So was he, Ben watching and waiting for his opportunity.

"Ben, go get the lube man," Marcus said. "Lay on the floor Tom," Marcus said as he pushed me off his cock. I did as I was told, laid down and Marcus got on all fours over me, his cock inches from my mouth. When Ben got back I had taken a couple of pillows from the couch and put them under my head, my mouth now able to take in Marcus' large, hard, black cock. I grabbed it and stroked downwards towards my mouth, me wanting to milk it like I'd seen on the internet. 

"I'm here for you Ben, come fuck me," Marcus said as I moved his cock in my mouth and stroked downwards on it. Oh fuck, I had forgotten how big it was and loved every minute of sucking it. 

Meanwhile, Ben had slipped his hard cock into Marcus and was banging away, his balls banging against Marcus with every fast stroke.

"Oh that's it Ben. Give me what I want," Marcus said. Marcus fucked my mouth and every time Ben pumped into him he moved forward, me milking him fast and hard. We had all cum earlier so this was the "pump hard and fast" style of fucking and Ben came first, really hard, not a lot I think , but hard, yelling "Ahhhhhh!" as he shot into Marcus.

Ben fell back off of Marcus who got up and pulled me up off the floor, to my knees. Standing up, he proceeded to fuck my mouth hard and, you guessed it fast. I didn't care, I wanted to taste his cum and he didn't disappoint. Hot, wet cum entered my mouth, deep into my mouth. Thankfully it wasn't one of his patented big loads, I might have choked. I took it in my mouth and held it there until he finished shooting. Then he reached down and pulled me up, his mouth fixing on mine, searching for the cum I was to give him. We swapped it back and forth until it was all gone. Once empty of cum he pushed back into the chair saying "Where were we?" as he tossed a leg over each arm rest, as he had before and he grabbed my cock and started to suck, as he had before.

But this time was different, before he went slow and teased me, this time he went hard and fast, his head moving up and down, all the way down, taking my hard cock deep. Ben came over and pressed his mouth on mine. He kissed me deeply as he rubbed and squeezed my nipples. I was going to cum, I was going to cum, I was... cumming!

I can't tell you how much, how long, it was a blur. I kept shaking, thrusting my hips up with each fire, Marcus taking it easily. After I stopped Ben pulled away, him and Marcus kissed, my cum the prize they shared.

I looked up and saw these two hot guys and realized how lucky I was.