 My phone went off; a text. 

Marcus – "Back in town for the day. Bookstore?"

It was Marcus. It had been awhile since I had seen him and to tell the truth, I was hoping he would get back to me. I texted him back.

Me – "No. My place is better."

No reply. Shit, maybe I had scared him off. Fuck it, I wanted some coffee. Took a shower; filled up my flask and headed out the door.

When I got to the coffee shop I saw Cyndee's car in the lot. I went inside and stood in a small line, she was sitting at a table. I ordered my usual, a doppio. While I waited, Jason walked by from the back.

"Both of you at the same time," he said with a smile. "No pun intended he whispered."

"What can I say?" I replied. "You have the best, uh, coffee, yeah, coffee, in town."

His turn to laugh; "You been good?" he asked as he handed me my doppio. 

"Yep; how about you?" I asked.

"Busy. Lot of work to do and looking at getting a second store open," he said. 

"In town?"

"Yeah, on the Southside," he said. "Frank!"

I almost wet myself when he said Frank. A guy came up and grabbed his coffee; whew, glad it wasn't that Frank. But I bet him and Jason would get along real well.

"Did you see Cyndee over there?" Jason asked.

"Yeah, I did," I replied.

"Thanks again man," Jason said.

"It's mutually beneficial," I replied. "Grownups doing grownup things."

"Still thanks."

I felt an arm around my waist and turning I saw Cyndee. She gave me a little peck on the cheek and said "I get to see you twice Tom. It is my lucky day."

I smiled as she continued. "See you tonight Jason?" she asked.

"You bet," he replied. "Around seven?"

"Great. You guys take care," she said as she turned and headed out the door.

I looked at Jason. He looked at me.

"You fuck this morning?" he said.

"Yep," I replied with a smile. "Have fun man."

"Speaking of fun," Jason said. "If you want, I could swing by your place after work on the way home."

My phone went off; a text. It was Marcus.

Marcus – "How's tonight sound? Your place. Around seven?"

I texted him my address.

Me – "Looking forward to it."

I looked up at Jason and said, "You know, thanks but not today. I have plans."

Jason laughed. "I bet you do."

************

Marcus came by right at seven. 

"This is a nice place man, tucked away and all that," Marcus said as he looked around.

"Yeah, I like it," I replied. "Kind of low key. Want some beer, wine, maybe water?'

Marcus nodded his head. "Water's good," he said. When I got back with the water he was sitting on the sofa. "I'm in town tonight then leaving late tomorrow afternoon. I wanted to see if we could get together."

"I'm glad you did," I said. "Worked out just fine. You already eat?"

"Man," Marcus said with a grin. "You're a pretty friendly guy and all that. Considering we only met once."

"I spent years in restaurant work so it comes naturally," I replied. "I prefer to make a friend first than what happens, happens."

"Well at the bookstore; you didn't know who I was," he said.

"Yeah, but you came highly recommended," I said laughing. "Ben called me up and told me I might want to come down to the bookstore."

"And you did," Marcus said.

"And I did," I said. "Glad I did too."

Marcus nodded and replied, "Glad you did too. We going to do this?"

I smiled, finished my water and said, "We're going to do whatever you want, when you decide you want it."

Marcus thought on that one. "Okay, maybe we will. Where to?"

I got up and headed to the bedroom, "Follow me."

When we got there I told him to take off little, all or nothing; whatever he felt comfortable with. 

"Ever get your dick sucked elsewhere than a bookstore?" I asked.

"By a man; no," he replied as he started to loosen up his shirt and take down his pants, then underwear, after taking off his shoes. Fuck that cock looked as good as I remembered it looking. And it wasn't even all the way hard. "Why?"

"I like to play with balls and I can't do that at the bookstore. Another reason I like it here better."

By now he was naked from the waist down, his shirt open showing a trim chest. "What now Tom," he asked.

"Sit back in the chair, get comfortable; I'll try to make this last a nice long time."

Marcus sat down and leaned backwards, legs spread and hands clasped behind his head. He looked hot; I was going to do my best so he would want to come back again and again. Maybe even get him to explore some new stuff if we were lucky. But now, I knelt down and went to work; sucking a cock, a job I loved.

"You'll like this better than last time Marcus, I promise," I said as I grabbed his thick long cock. 

"Really?" he asked, looking down at me. "And why is that Tom?"

Locking eyes I said " 'Cuz you can watch me do it." I leaned forward and kissed the head of his dick. "You going to watch me Marcus; going to watch me suck your cock?" I licked the head from just underneath up and over to the crown. He took a sharp breath and replied.

"Oh yeah, Tom. I'll watch."

I licked a circle around the top of his head, twisting his cock in the opposite direction then back the other way. Keeping our eyes locked I said "That's good Marcus. I like to be watched. I suck better when I'm watched." Down I went; my mouth wide as I took the whole head inside. I slipped my hands under his large balls, cupped them and wiggled my fingers around them, coming up with my mouth, tongue sliding along his cock as I did.

I moved my hand up to my mouth, wetting it frequently, as I pressed it against my lips. There was no way I'd be getting that large cock all the way into my mouth, especially without the restriction of a glory hole like the first time But my hot, wet mouth and my wet right hand would do just fine. I could tell Marcus agreed as his breathing became sporadic. 

"Oh man," he said quietly.

He had large balls, a handful; I wiggled and squeezed them as my mouth slid down, down, as far as I could go. Even when my hand was stopped at his crotch I could feel the head of his cock up against my throat.

I kept it up for a good five minutes, squeeze, wiggle, up and down the long black shaft. He would make quiet noises of approval and I started to pick up the pace.

"Fuck yeah," he gasped. "That's it, man, that's it."

His enjoyment spurred me on. Thick and hard, tasty too, I sucked faster, always keeping his cock in my mouth and in my hand. Up, down, up, down, deep as I could take it; I wanted his cum, I wanted it now!

I sped up, fast, faster, keeping his cock wet and hot; then he exploded!

A huge spurt filled my mouth; lucky for me it happened as I was going up his cock, it was hot. I continued to suck, hungrily swallowing his cum. I picked up more speed; as fast as I could go. I wanted that cum and sucked and sucked, swallowing as best as I could.

"Ahhhhhh!" he said loudly. "Oh shit! Oh shit"

I continued to suck, gratefully swallowing gob after gob until he went dry. I couldn't, no wouldn't stop sucking. I kept sucking until he pushed me away. I looked up wiping a bit of cum from my lips, licking it off my fingers. Marcus was looking down at me, eyes half closed.

"You are one enthusiastic mother fucker," he said with a chuckle.

"And you have one mighty fine mother fucking cock," I replied. "Man, I will suck that dick anytime you want. Anytime you want!"

"So it's that good," he asked. "I mean sucking a dude's cock?"

"You have no idea," I said. "No labels, no BS. Grownups doing grownup things. Just sucking off a buddy, fucking great. And you know how good it is to have a guy suck you off."

"Not always," he replied. "I've had some shitty blowjobs from guys, girls too."

"Ever had a tranny? " I asked.

He looked surprised. "What? No. You?"

"Oh yeah, I've had a couple," I said with a smile. "All the good stuff of a lady with a cock to suck and be sucked. It's all good."

"Where?"

"Vegas."

"Oh yeah, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas," he said. "Tom, you are one interesting dude. Suck cock, have a girlfriend, been with trannies. What else have you done?"

"Love to tell you man, but maybe someday I can show you," I said taking a chance.

Marcus nodded and replied, "You just might. I got to get going man, hate to jet out of here, but..."

I shook my head, "It's all good. I got what I wanted and you got what you wanted."

Marcus got dressed and I walked him to the door. 

"I have to leave tomorrow, wish I could come by, but I have to be somewhere." I nodded. "I'll get in touch with you when I come back into town. Maybe make this a regular thing?"

"Maybe one of a few different regular things," I said.

"Maybe," he replied. "Later."

As I shut the door I realized my cock was hard. I got on my phone, figuring it was still early. Worse case is I could always jack off. Except I didn't need to, Frank texted me back.

Him – "Want your dick sucked?" 

Me – "If I can suck yours."

Him – "LOL. At least. 30 minutes okay?"

I texted back it was fine; he arrived in twenty six.

"Want something to drink?" I asked.

"Yeah, cum," he replied as he began taking his clothes off leaving a trail to my bedroom. This should be good. When I got there he was naked and had the glass dildo and lube out.

"I need to get you a bigger one," he said matter of factly as he lubed it up and patted the bed.

"For me or for you," I replied with a laugh. I lay back on the bed and Frank dropped down between my legs.

"Both of us," he said as he fingered my asshole with lube, followed quickly by the dildo. Oh, that felt good, but not as good as Frank's mouth on my hard cock.

Frank began to circle the head of my cock, slowly, with his tongue. Wetting his hand he gripped my cock and slid up and down it. Two more spins around my head and Frank took the head in.

"I need this," he said. "Been thinking about sucking a cock all day." Back down he went; I began to stroke my hard nipples. "Happy that you texted me."

"Shit, me too," I replied. "That feels great."

Frank moved his hand away as he went down, getting as much of my cock into his mouth as he could. Hot and wet, he swallowed every inch or two as he went down, making my cock expand and balls ache.

As his mouth went down he would push the dildo into my ass. As his mouth went up he would pull the dildo out, never, ever, completely out. Then back down my cock, back into my ass. I was really starting to ache as he slowed it down, the cum retreating from the head.

After a few minutes he built up speed, said "I want your cum Tom," and went to town on me. Faster, up and down, faster and deeper into my ass the dildo slid. I was going to cum! I screamed as my hips pushed up, a hot load of cum bursting from my rock hard cock and into his mouth. I pumped two, three and more spurts, Frank making "yummy" sounds with each shot. I began to dry fire, he kept sucking; I pushed him away, lay back and gasped, trying to catch my breath.

Frank looked down and smiled. "I needed that," he said as he lubed his cock. "And I need this."

He grabbed my legs and pulled me towards him. Then he grabbed his lubed cock and pushed it to my asshole. I moved towards him, he pushed forward, with little hesitation he went balls deep.

I laugh when I think about how tight my ass was when I first started doing guys, but now? Hell, I had taken Kelly K.'s cock and that loosened me up. I want to have Marcus with his big, big cock, fucking my ass. Frank's got a good sized cock and I could take it without a second thought. Life was good.

Frank was hot. He held my legs tight so I couldn't move, not that I would have, and pounded my ass. Deep, I loved how his balls banged against me, and fast. I knew he wanted to cum. Talking to him would help I bet.

"That's it Frank," I said. "Give me that fat cock!" He began to go faster. "Fill me up, I want it; I want your cum Frank. Cum in me!"

"Oh, oh, fuck!" Frank blew a long spurt of cum up my ass. I could feel my asshole getting wet and hot. He kept pounding me, hard, and I loved it.

"Don't stop! Don't stop!" I said roughly. "Fill me up!"

Frank pumped two more times then pulled out, back and into the chair. He was spent, was breathing deeply and eyes closed.

"You like that Frank?" I asked.

"Fuck yeah," he replied.

"You can have it anytime you want Frank," I said. "Any; time."

I went to the bathroom and came out with a warm, wet, face cloth. He was still sitting back, relaxing. I knelt before him and began to clean his cock.

"That feels good," he said matter of factly. As I finished I grabbed his cock and placed it in my mouth, gave it a slow deep suck then pulled away.

"You have to be somewhere?" I asked.

"Yeah," he said sadly. "Work's been a bitch and I have to work on a presentation tonight. It's due tomorrow in the morning."

"That sucks," I said. "And not in a good way."

"Thanks for letting me suck your dick," he said as he got up. "Sucking a cock mellows me out; makes me peaceful and all."

I understood what he said. Something about a cock in my mouth was calming, even if I was sucking the hell out of it. Before I started sucking real cocks I would suck a dildo and jack off. Anyway, back to Frank.

"Well Frank, whenever you need some stress relief, text or call me. Working out of the house, I've got some flexible hours" I said as we got dressed. 

"I will and I appreciate it Tom," he replied. "Well, have to go. We still on for Thursday?"

"Oh yeah, as far as I know," I said with a smile. "See you then."

************

I went down to Jason's coffee shop the following week, ordered my doppio, had a seat and opened my laptop. Time to check my email I thought as I logged on. 

"Doppio for Tom!"

The barista called my name and I went up and got my drink. I went back to my table and poured in some Carolans. As I went from email account to email account I felt like someone was watching me. I looked up at the counter and it was Jason. I waved and went back to work. After a couple of minutes he walked over to me and asked if it was okay if he sat down.

I laughed and said, "Really? You have to ask?"

"Yeah, well," he began.

Uh oh, something's up, I thought. I looked up at him and said, "What's up?"

It's Cyndee," he said.

"Oh shit, did she dump you?" I asked.

Jason gave me a puzzled look and said, "Dump me? She's your girlfriends. Holy crap! Do you know how odd that sounded?"

I laughed and said, "C'mon man, we both fuck her and yeah, she's my girlfriend, but what's the problem? You not good with it anymore?"

"Hell no," he replied. "It's just that I've been fucking her a lot; two sometimes three times a week."

"So?"

"Well what about you?" he asked. "We haven't had that many threesomes with her. In fact, we rarely get together, just the two of us."

Wow, I hadn't thought about that. He was right; the last time I sucked his cock was when we had a threesome and that was almost a month ago. Shit, I hadn't fucked Cyndee in over a week. Oh, I know why. I've got access to a lot of cocks now and am taking advantage of it. Whew! Glad nothing was wrong.

"Did you hear me?" he asked.

"What?"

"I said are you pissed at me for coming between you and her?" He repeated, except I hadn't heard it the first time he had said it.

"No. not at all, man." I replied. "If you and she are good with it, I'm good with it. Cyndee didn't say anything the last time I saw her."

Jason took a deep breath and said, "Fine. I just don't want any hard feelings between us."

Just then a barista came up to Jason.

"I'm on now, thanks for covering for me," he said then left to behind the counter.

"You off work?" I asked.

"Yeah," Jason said.

"Want your dick sucked?" I asked.

"Just like that?"

"Uh yeah, I said we're good and you said we hadn't been together in a while so I thought..."

Jason looked at me and said "You amaze me sometimes."

"Is that a yes? I'll let you cum in my mouth," I said smiling.

He shook his head, not a statement of "no"; more of a "what the fuck" shake. "I have to be somewhere in about an hour. The store room work for you?"

"If one of your barista's come in, can we have a threesome?" I could see Jason getting ready to tell me to "Fuck off" so quickly said "Just kidding, just kidding; as long as you feel comfortable with it."

"It's good, I have the only key," he replied. "Besides, never put your penis in the payroll."

"What?"

"Never put your penis in the payroll," he repeated. "It means don't fuck your employees. C'mon."

As we walked by the counter the first barista slipped a finger into his mouth, looked at me, and moved it quickly in and out. With a wink he went back to work. I winked back. Figured I better not mention it to Jason. Not my payroll though. 

We went inside the store room, Jason closed the door. I moved towards him and dropped to my knees. "Let me take care of you," I said.

He undid his belt, pulled down his pants and underwear to his knees, cock hard and high came into view. I cupped his balls and said, "I know, we don't have much time."

I grabbed his cock with my other hand and slowly moved it across my lips, licking the head as it moved. Slowly squeezing his balls, I took the head of his dick into my mouth, sucked it softly and stroked downwards with my wet hand.

"Oh yeah, man," he said quietly. "I've missed this."

I had to smile inside. Here's the guy fucking my girlfriend telling me he misses me sucking his cock, I almost started to laugh.

Except; I was really enjoying this. Something about a cock sliding in and out of my mouth made me feel so good, so calm, stress free. I meditate, have done so for years, but having a cock in my mouth; it's a little bit more calming.

I may have been calm, but Jason sure wasn't. He had placed his hands on my head, steering my mouth as he wanted, but not in a hard way. I had sucked his cock enough for him to realize I knew what I was doing and I was doing him well. Up and down, slow, wet and hot, my mouth was all over him. I could feel his cock thickening, ready to cum.

Then he did. Not sure if it's normal, I do know the biggest spurt is the first, but I like to think my "expertise" in sucking a cock brings out the best in men. At least it brought out a lot of cum from Jason. As the hot semen covered the inside of my mouth I thought if he was fucking Cyndee too often, why such a big load? Anyway, I kept moving up and down and he kept shooting, three or more gobs of cum. After a bit I pulled off of his cock.

He reached down and pulled me up, his mouth pressing against mine, tongue darting inside. I knew what he wanted, we had done it before. I didn't disappoint him, the second and third spurts of cum we shared. The first, the large one; that was mine and I had swallowed it. We kissed for a minute or two, until the shared cum had disappeared. 

I pulled away and said, "I love sucking your cock."

"I love sucking yours," he replied finishing pulling his pants up. He started to drop to his knees; I stopped him and said, "Not now. We both have things to do."

He looked at me questioningly. I continued, "Text or call me later this week. I'll make time for us to get together. Just you and me."

Jason smiled and nodded his head, "I'd like that." 

As he turned to unlock the store room door I said, "Say hi to Cyndee for me."

He stopped and looked back at me.

"I talked to her earlier today, she said you two were getting together," I said. "Have fun."

Jason smiled and said "Like I said, you amaze me."

Jason and I walked out front; he went to the counter and gave the key to "winky" barista then turned and headed out the door. I went to the counter and ordered another doppio.

"Winky" barista took my order.

"Hi, I'm Scott," he said, sticking out his hand. I shook it and sized him up; about 30 something I'd guess, no wedding ring and looked in average shape.
