 It was the summer after my my final year of high school when my friend Tom invited me to his place for the weekend. There was a concert on at the park down the street from his place, and I didn't have a car to get home afterward, so he suggested that we make a night of it.

I wasn't much of a drinker at the time, but we managed to get a case of beer, I think his big sister picked it up for him, so we had a few before grabbing a burger and heading out to the show in the park. During the show, there were three girls just in front of us that I thought were cute, but we didn't get anywhere with trying to talk them up about doing something after. The show ended earlier than I thought it would, and without our cute fellow concert-goers to distract us, we started to head downtown to see what kind of trouble we could get into, but it was quiet, and we ended up heading back to his place. 

His family was pretty well off, the house was big and had an indoor pool and a large backyard. We had a couple more beers, and played some video, then I asked if we could go in the pool. Although I didn't think that anything would ever happen, I kind of secretly hoped that his sister would come home and join us in a bikini, so I could spy on her underwater.

We hopped in the pool, taking turns doing crazy shit off the diving board, and generally having fun. He grabbed a set of goggles, and made like he was looking at me underwater, but I couldn't see what he was doing until I grabbed goggles, and did the same thing to him. He was really just looking at me underwater, upside down, and being stupid. Once when he went under and looked at me, I turned around so that my butt was in his face, and pulled my shorts partially off, basically 'mooning' him. He laughed underwater and surfaced as I pulled my shorts up. Then he told me to look, and went under, spreading his legs and holding his knees to his chest. We both laughed and choked as we surfaced.

I pointed underwater, as though I had something to show him, and when he went under to look, I grabbed my shorts and pulled them up one leg so that my cock and balls hung out the side for him to see. He didn't laugh and surface, as I expected, rather he swam toward me, startling me. I kicked away immediately, thinking that he was going to do something to me, but he just surfaced with a disappointed look on his face. I didn't know what the look meant at that time.

Then, he pointed under, and when I put my goggles on, and went under to look, I saw that he'd done the same thing. I swam toward him, as though to scare him too, but he didn't move away, so when I got there, I went deeper and grabbed his knees, swimming between them. As I did, I turned over and looked at what he was showing me, and I swear it was starting to get hard, despite the cold water.

When I surfaced, he asked if I wanted another beer, or rather announced that he was going to get us more beers. When he got out of the water, I noticed that there was a bit of a hard-on, and was walking in a way to hide it, at least a little. 

When he returned a minute later, he started to pour the beers into plastic glasses - he said that if the glass bottle broke in the pool deck, broken glass would be in the pool forever. He sat down on the side of the pool, took a sip, and set my beer between his legs. I still had my goggles on, so I went under the water, and swam toward him, surfacing between his feet. Leaving my goggles on, I grabbed the side of the pool to stay afloat, and grabbed the beer. When I took the tumbler away, I saw that his erection was sticking out the side of his shorts, pointing right at me, 12" away from my face!

I laughed, the same as we had before when I showed him mine underwater, and he just smiled and looked down at me. 

Believe it or not, I didn't really clue in to what was going on, instead, I was just in 'goofing around' mode, and was just having silly fun, likely driven by the beer. I wasn't thinking about the girls that we hadn't been successful in partying with earlier, but I wasn't thinking about the possibility of having a gay sex experience that night with him. 

I swam backward a foot or so, but still had a clear view of his crotch when he said "Alright, new house rule: You can wear goggles or shorts, but not both." Then he took a gulp of beer, put his goggles on, stood up and dropped his shorts before jumping in beside me. I still had my beer with me, and as I tried to keep the waves out of it, he swam over to me, saying "Rules are rules!- what's it going to be?" I was half thinking that he was joking, but he was clearly naked but for his goggles, and he was swimming toward me, indicating that I had to decide. He smiled and submerged, and went for my shorts. When I kicked away, he surfaced, and told me that if I didn't decide, he would. 

I felt that I didn't want to be unable to see underwater, but more that I didn't want to appear square, so I was deciding that I would lose the shorts as he did when he came at me again and started pulling at my shorts. Rather than swim away, I submerged also, and kept my legs together, and swam away in a way that made it easy for him to remove them.

So, there I was, swimming naked with my friend Tom, watching him throw my shorts in a ball onto the deck. I don't know that there is a protocol when you find yourself naked with your friend swimming, but he still had his partial hard-on, and the action of him going for my shorts gave me a bit of one too. He turned to me, and submerged, looking at me as he had done 5 minutes earlier, but this time, there were no shorts hiding me. I wasn't sure what to do, but I chose not to swim away - which he didn't expect, I think. Instead, I pulled my knees up, giving him a spread-eagle view. I expected that he'd laugh and surface, but he didn't, he just turned and did the same back to me. Before he surfaced, he looked at me, and grabbed his own cock, stroking it a few times. We were both clearly hard.

When we surfaced, we didn't laugh, as we did before. It was strange - again, I hadn't really clued in, but I wasn't afraid of anything - I knew that our friendship was solid, and that nothing that happened here would be life changing or dangerous. He didn't say anything, and I felt a little of the awkward silence, so to break it,I asked him if he thought he could dive with 'that thing' sticking out like that. He smiled, and suggested that it might hurt, but he'd give it a try if I would be here to help him with any injury. That got the laugh that we had missed before, and before I knew it, he climbed out of the pool, and was heading for the diving board. When he got up on it, I couldn't stifle my laugh, because his hard-on was bouncing just the same as he was bounding the board. He made a show of it, holding his cock to keep it from bouncing, but then quickly did a front somersault, going in feet first. 

He swam over to me, and I asked if it hurt - he said that he thought that he really hurt himself, and pulled himself out of the pool, spreading his legs. He pointed to his erection, saying he hurt himself 'here', and smiled. I laughed, but he looked at me, and said, "you said you'd take care of it" with a pout. I looked at him with skepticism, and said, "If I 'hurt myself', would you take care of my 'injury'?" He said that of course he would, no matter what it was. He smiled.

I played along, asking what I could do for his injury. He said he doesn't think it's broken, but if I could check for bruising, that would be good. He legs were spread right in front of me, and his dick was hard. I held the side of the pool, and reached out with a tentative hand, pausing before touching him. Then, I lightly grabbed his cock with my thumb & finger, pushed his erection to the left, then to the right, and up & down, and announced that I think it's 'only a flesh wound', and that I think he'd recover nicely, if he didn't jerk off too much.

He smiled, and agreed, then asked "Would you kiss it better?". I floated there by the side of the pool, processing that my friend Tom had just asked me to kiss his hard cock. I smiled, but reached beside him to my beer, and took a drink. I posed my own question to him: "If I were to hurt myself diving off the board, or doing something equally dangerous, would you, as my host, make sure that I was all better, no matter what it took?" He said, "Of course, what kind of host would I be if I didn't?" 

I took another swig from my beer, and swam back over to him, grabbing the side of the pool, I took his cock in my hand, and gave it a very wet kiss on the side, just behind the head. then I kissed the other side, and the bottom. I slowly released it from my grip, and started to float away from him on my back. As my body surfaced, my cock, now fully erect, was clear and visible above the water.

He put his goggles on, and spilled into the pool swimming toward me. When he got to me, I had reached the shallow part, and stood. He said "That must have hurt, I'll kiss it better", and went under. I felt his hand on my thigh, then the other one on my cock, then, just as I got my goggles back onto my eyes and my face underwater, I felt his lips close around the head of my cock.

The water was cool, his mouth was warm - I was crazy, but not confused - it seemed really natural. He was grabbing my balls with one hand, and stroking the back of my leg with the other. 

I had started the evening hoping to get lucky with some chicks at the concert, and I was now naked, getting head. Tom couldn't hold his breath forever, and he surfaced, mockingly asking "Does that feel better?" I laughed, again, and reached for his cock with my hand. I stroked it as I found it, and pushed him to the wall of the pool, then took a deep breath and went under. I saw, once again, his hard cock, this time with my hand around it, balls below. I pressed it to my lips, and through them, wrapping them around the head. It was a little weird with the water, but I felt his hands reaching the back of my head and gripping my hair, so I knew that he must be enjoying it.

I tried to put more of him into my mouth, knowing that the more I could fit, the better it would feel, but I couldn't get more than about half in before I had to take a breath, so I surfaced, and saw a look of satisfaction on his face.

When I came up, he lifted himself up to the pool deck, and indicated for me to move to the stairs, where it was very shallow. He sat back down on the deck where I was able to kneel on the stair and continue the blowjob. As I slipped him back into my mouth, feeling the smooth skin of his cock-head on my tongue, I found that everything moved easier without the water, and that I could fit almost all of his cock into my mouth without the water. His hands were once again on the back on my head, and he was moaning with every movement I made.

I wasn't thinking about what had occurred in the last 15 minutes, or about the girls from the concert, or about his sister in a bikini, I was just thinking about my friend Tom, and that he was really enjoying what I was doing to him, and that we were comfortable with one another to the degree that we could do this. I also knew from what had happened earlier that this was going to be a two-way street, so that I should make it enjoyable, in order that I get the same in return. 

I was holding his balls in one hand, and using the other to stroke the base of his cock, and was really reveling in the pleasure sounds that were coming out of his mouth, when he noticeably tensed up, and held my head and his breath, and grunted, and I realized that he was coming. I was thinking a whole bunch of things all at the same time - mostly, how happy I was that I'd done it good enough with my first blowjob that I got him to come, but also that I hadn't really though about the semen and that it was going to be shooting our the end of his dick, which was in my mouth. Like I said, I wasn't afraid of what was going on, and I wasn't prepared for it, but about a second after the grunt, I felt and tasted the first shot of cum that he produced, and within a microsecond had washed over the insides of my mouth.

I wasn't grossed out - like I said, I was more engrossed in my having made him feel as good as he did than in the results, and I knew that the semen that was in my mouth wasn't going to hurt me, it was just a new taste, so I swallowed it.

There were three of four more powerful shots, then a slower flow of cum from his cock, but I was so happy with the feeling that the pressure that his hands had on my head were indicating, and it was all so erotic that I kept my lips around him until he released his grip.

He looked down at me after a few moments, smiled, and said that he thinks it's all healed. I said that I think I hurt myself again, and he smiled and suggested that I get onto the 'examination table', patting the side of the pool. I hoped up, my erection painfully obvious now, and he knelt and took me in his hand, lifting and stroking my cock. I moved forward on the pool edge, and he pulled me to my feet at the base of the stairs, sitting on the stair. He put the head of my cock into his mouth. I grabbed the rail for balance, because I threw my head back when I felt the warmth of his mouth slide down the length of my cock. He slobbered all over me, leaving it all slippery and wet, and slipped his finger into his mouth with my cock before reaching around behind me to slide it between my ass cheeks. I felt him sliding his finger from the back of my ball up my crack to my asshole. He started applying pressure, and circling his finger around it, then pulled it back to his mouth for more spit. He reached back, and I spread my legs a little further, and I felt his finger return and pressing into my ass. I'd never had anything slid into my ass before, so I couldn't tell what he was doing, but he stopped sucking and looked up at me, asking if I liked it. I nodded, and he said that he would like to try something, just tell him how it feels.

He pushed his finger right into my ass, and I couldn't believe the feeling as he pressed against my prostate, an electrifying jolt went through me - I didn't have to say anything, as I yelled, and I felt pre-cum in my cock. He continued to massage it as he sucked me, and I knew that I wouldn't be very long before I came. I watched as his mouth slid down over my cock, and then back off it to the tip, and every time he moved his finger, I would feel like I'm about to faint. Then, he applied straight on pressure into my ass, and sank his mouth onto my cock, and it was more than I could take, I unloaded shot after shot of come into his mouth, holding his head as he had done to me. When I finally relaxed, I realized that my blowjob had lasted only about 90 seconds, though it felt like an hour. 

As I came back to life, and he released my cock from his lips, I laughed at the situation - we both had partial erections, and we still had our goggles on our foreheads, naked in his family pool. Only then did I remember that I'd earlier hoped for his sister to show up in a bikini in the pool. 

I told him about that, and he laughed, knowing that she was out, not returning. 

"Wouldn't that have been a sight for her? " he asked. "Which would you rather, to have her catch you getting head from her brother, or to catch you with my dick in your mouth?" 

I wasn't entirely sure.