 TOM GUIDES GARY AND SCOTT 

This is part of an ongoing story over multiple Categories with common characters. 

I went to the coffee shop and Jason was there, as was Scott. Jason took my order.

"Doppio?" he said.

"You bet," I replied. 

Jason took my money and we chatted a bit, nothing specific and that was fine with me. We hadn't gotten together since Cyndee had moved in with him, neither as a threesome or even one on one. Kind of missed the one on one, but as I always say, when one cock leaves another appears.

"Doppio for Tom."

I walked over to the end of the bar where Scott was. He handed me my drink with a smile.

"How are things going?" he asked as he wiped down the wand, not his, the one on the espresso machine. 

"Good, man," I replied. "You?"

"Real good," he replied. "Been thinking about getting together again, if you want to that is."

"You know I do," I said smiling. "Had a great time last time we got together."

He looked around and then said, "I think I want to suck your cock."

I nodded and replied, "Well when you know you want to suck my cock, let me know. "

He laughed, "Okay, I know I want to suck your cock. Tonight work for you?"

I nodded yes and we set it up for about eight. I went and sat down at the table and poured my Carolans into my doppio. Jason came over "Mind if I sit down?"

"Of course, you're always welcome," I said.

"I was wondering," he said. "Since Cyndee moved in we haven't seen much of each other. Except here at the store."

"Well you do have great coffee," I said.

"Thanks, but you know what I mean," he replied. "I didn't want to cause any trouble between you and Cyndee. But when she asked about moving in I thought sure, why not."

"Look, its fine," I reassured him. "She's a wonderful girl and you two should be great together. That's if it gets serious."

Jason looked at me and said "Want to go to the store room?"

I looked over at Scott, he was watching us. "You know, now's not a good time," I said. Jason stopped for a second, turned and looked over to where I had looked. Scott turned his back and went to the register to take customer's order. Jason turned back.

"You're sucking his cock," he said matter of factly.

'So what if I am?" I asked. "You know I suck other cocks besides yours."

Jason looked back at Scott then back at me. "Yeah, but he's my employee."

"And like you said, you don't put your penis in the payroll; but I can," I said and smiled.

"Fine; whatever," he said. 

"Are you fucking jealous?" I asked. "Seriously? You fucked my girlfriend and now she lives with you." I held up my hands in a "what the fuck" gesture.

Jason took a deep breath and replied, "Okay, you're right, you're right. I have to go back to work. Have fun sucking Scott's cock."

"I will," I said. Jason got up and went back behind the counter, said something to Scott, then went down the hallway.

Scott gave me the "what the fuck" gesture, but smiled. I slipped my finger into my mouth and slowly drew it out. Damn right, I'm going to have fun sucking Scott's cock.

Around eight I got a knock at my door; it was Scott. I let him in and got him a beer. We sat in the living room, not in any hurry, but knowing what was going to happen later.

"So Jason seemed upset with you," Scott said.

"Yeah, he got upset about me being nice to you," I replied.

"Yeah right," he laughed and said. "He got mad about you sucking my cock."

"I'm sorry Scott, I didn't mean to say anything," I said.

"No biggie," Scott replied. "He told me that he knew it after he spoke with you. I think he had guessed something was up. Might have been my fault actually."

"Really; how so?" I asked.

Scott took another drink of his beer and said, "Well, I left my phone on the counter to stop a leak and he saw a text from me to you; the text where I thanked you for sucking my cock." 

I had to laugh at that. "So he assumed Tom was me. Okay, that was probably a good assumption. You know why he's really upset?"

"Why?"

"Because he can't suck your cock; because you're an employee," I said.

"Well it sucks to be him," Scott replied with a laugh.

"Actually it doesn't," I said. "Besides, I'm a better cocksucker than he is."

"Really?" he said smiling. 

"Finish your beer and I'll show you," I said.

"Not until after I suck your cock," Scott replied. "Now let's go."

We walked into the bedroom and took our clothes off. I went to the bathroom and came back with a warm wet cloth. Scott gave me a funny look, not sure what to make of it. I opened the drawer and pulled out the glass dildo and lube. He frowned a bit, but was still hard so I guess he was okay.

"Sit back in the chair," he told me. "Talk me through it."

I nodded and smiled, grabbed the dildo and started to lube it up. Not sure what was going on, okay it was his first time so I understand, and Scott dropped to his knees. I placed the dildo to my asshole and slowly pushed it in, all the way in.

"Oh yeah," I said. "Now where were we?"

Scott smiled and reached out, grabbed my cock. I took his other hand and placed it under my balls. "Rub and squeeze them slow and softly Scott." He began to do it, eyes widening at the thought of what he was doing. "That's it," I said. "Now lean forward and lick the head of my dick."

Scott leaned forward, his tongue gently licking the head of my cock. "Oh fuck," he said softly. 

"Now use your tongue on the head, make a circle, lick it any way you want; just take your time," I continued.

He did exactly as I told him, tonguing me wonderfully. "Wet your hand, grab my cock and move it up and down. That's it: slow. Slow at first, you want to build that cum up."

Oh man, this felt really good, Jason didn't know what he was missing. Scott now took the head of my cock into his mouth, kind of adlibbing. That's what I had wanted, get him started then let him do whatever made him confortable.

Scott began to move his mouth up and down my cock, slowly getting as much of my cock inside as he could. Once he did he slowly and tightly pulled his head back up my cock. He kept playing with my balls, doing a really good job.

"When you want some cum, just go faster and don't stop until you get it," I said, breathing a bit deeper.

Scott was on it, a real natural at cock sucking. He picked up speed, I held the dildo in my ass, and he kept going for about four or five minutes. It felt so fucking good, I didn't want it to stop, but he was in control now, he could drain me anytime he wanted. 

I guess it was now because I blew my load hard, "Oh fuck Scott!" I said loudly as he kept up sucking. The second spurt was heavy, deep into his mouth, my ass clamping down tight on the dildo. I heard him making yummy sounds as I kept pumping cum into him. After about three dry fires I pushed him away, he didn't want to go at first, but finally I worked my cock free. I pulled the dildo out of my ass, laid back and tried to catch my breath.

"Oh man, oh man, oh man!" he blurted out. "That was fucking great. I love the taste of your cum."

I laughed softly and said, "You sure that was the first time you ever sucked a cock?"

He nodded and replied, "Yep, the first and I hope not the last."

"Oh, suck dick like that my man and you won't have any trouble finding cocks to suck."

"You mean like besides yours?" he asked.

"If you want hell yeah," I said. "There are lots of guys out there wanting to suck and be sucked. Not to mentions ass fucking. Fuck, I know quite few guys myself."

Scott looked at me then smiled. "You suck lots of cocks Tom?"

"I get my share, but right now I want yours," I replied. I leaned forward and pulled Scott to me, cock to my mouth.

"Can I try the dildo?" he asked.

I pulled his cock from my mouth and said "One step at a time my friend. Next time," then pulled his cock back to my lips. I began to rub his balls, fingering them actually, wanting to build up his cum. I circled round and round his cock head to the left, twisting his dick to the left and right with my hand. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and asked "Like it Scott?" I slipped his dick back inside my hot, wet, hungry mouth.

"Yes, yes," he replied, "I love it."

I smiled as I rubbed his throbbing cock across my lips, to one of my cheeks then the other. Back inside I pulled his cock and down I went.

He grabbed my shoulders and held me tight as I got his whole cock in my mouth, against my throat. I started to suck harder, tightening my throat on his cock. I rubbed his balls faster then slid my mouth up to the top of his cock; paused, then slammed down, hard, my nose hitting his crotch.

Up and down, up and down I went, faster and faster, I was locked in. I wanted him to cum and I could tell by him tensing up and grabbing me harder that he did too.

He shot the first large gob of cum into my mouth; I swallowed it instinctively then took the rest, two or three more spurts into my mouth, but didn't swallow. He tensed up and fell back away from me onto the bed. 

I quickly followed, lay down next to him, pulled his mouth to mine and forced my tongue into his mouth. Cum pushed inside, he swallowed as did I. I kissed him till the cum had gone, and then pulled away.

Scott was wide-eyed, and truthfully I wasn't sure what was going to happen next.

"Why'd you do that?" he asked.

"Because it's hot that's why." I said. "I like swapping cum with the guy I just, oh I don't know; sucked off."

He began to laugh and laugh, "Man; that is so fucking hot, all of it."

"Even swapping cum like we just did?"

"Oh hell yes," he said. "I can't wait for you to show me everything you do, all of it."

"You think so?"

"No, I fucking know so!"

************

I was writing my next book, but had run into a bit of a stumbling block. I didn't know where the hero of my book was going; I needed a break. That's when Dave called me.

"What's going on Tom?" he asked.

"Just working," I replied.

"Right; anyone that considers going from his bedroom to the office, literally next door, to be a commute to work; well, that ain't a real job," he said laughing. "How are you and Cyndee getting along?"

Hmm, that was a strange question. Dave knew of Cyndee, may have met here once or twice, but her name never really came up much before.

"We're not together anymore, but I think she's doing well," I replied. "Why'd you ask?"

"Well, to tell the truth, Lori asked if you had a girlfriend," he said. "She said she gave you her phone number, but you hadn't called her. Figures you have a girlfriend or aren't interested in her."

I shook my head and took a deep breath. What to do, what to do? See seemed nice, but they all do at first; don't they?

"You know, I've been pretty busy with this new book and actually hadn't thought about it." I continued, "Tell her you think I broke up with my girlfriend, but I've been really busy with work."

"Yeah, that commute must be killing you," Dave said sarcastically. "Fuck off; I'm actually jealous. Okay bud, I'll do that."

"Actually, is she working now?" I asked.

"Yeah why?"

"She knows I suck your cock in your office, doesn't she?"

"Yeah, you and some others," he replied. "So?"

"So how about if I swing by around noon, I suck you, you suck me and then I'll talk to her on the way out."

"Make it 1230. Sounds good," Dave said.

"See you then."

I hung up the phone and thought about it. This girl, Lori, knows I suck cock and she still is interested in me. That sounds pretty good, not to mention she was pretty good looking too.

Noon thirty came round and I went to Dave's office. Lori was sitting at her desk; she smiled when she saw me. 

"Hi; Tom, right?" she said.

"Yes, Lori; right?" I replied. She was smooth.

"Mr. Dawson is expecting you," she said still smiling. "I hope you two have a productive meeting."

"Thank you," I said and went inside. Dave pushed the button under the desk top and locked the door.

"Good to see you again Tom," he began. "It's been too long since the last time. Have a seat," he said as he motioned me to a chair. I sat down, he came over to me and started to unbutton my shirt as I undid my pants and slipped them down around my ankles with my underwear. He bent over and stroked my hard nipples, my cock tall and erect. He kissed one nipple then left a trail of kisses down towards my cock.

I like this I thought, as Dave was doing something new to me. He reached down with his left hand, grabbed my balls, wet his right hand and grabbed my cock. He looked me in the eyes and said "I've missed this cock Tom," then took it into his mouth, only down to the head. 

"I've missed your mouth Dave," I replied. "You were my first, always be special to me."

He took my cock deeper, slowly, really slow while squeezing my balls. Down he went; his hand slipping away as he got my whole cock into his mouth. He sucked and swallowed, tightening his hold on my thick, hard dick. Then he came back up slowly, then back down. Up then back down, nice and smooth, tight wet and hot.

"I've missed your cum Tom," he said taking my cock from his mouth, then slipping it back in. Down he went again then back up, but really faster. "Can you give it to me Tom?" he asked, then back onto my dick; up and down, fast and faster; a man on a mission.

Oh shit, this was extra hot and I was aching, balls and cock. I wanted to cum, really bad right now. I stroked and squeezed my nipples; always sped up the process.

"Here it comes Dave," I said loudly. "Dave! Oh fuck me!"

Dave swallowed my cum, the first, second third and maybe fourth spurt, hot and tasty for him. After I dry fired a bit he pulled my cock out of his mouth. As I laid back relaxing Dave opened a desk drawer and grabbed a small bottle of lube. 

"I want to fuck you Tom," he said as he lubed up. "Remember the first time I did that to you?"

I turned over onto my knees on the chair, presenting my ass. "I remember it was the same time I fucked yours."

Dave moved forward, I felt his cock, his well-lubed cock, on my asshole and then a push. He got the head of his hard cock inside me and a bit more, but not enough.

"Don't tease me Dave," I said. "I want that cock, all of it!"

He pushed forward, going deeper into me until his balls touched my ass. "That's it, now fuck me Dave!"

And he did. Pulling backwards slowly I could fell every inch of his fat cock as my asshole tightened on it. Sliding back in, he picked up to a constant speed. Not too fast, but not too slow. I liked it and so did he as he started to breath heavier.

Bam! Bam! Bam! After a few minutes he picked up speed.

"That's it Dave, fill me up, fill me up!"

"Oh yeah buddy, I'll fill you up!" he said roughly as the first large gob of cum shot into my ass. It was hot, the feel of hot cum up and down my ass as he pumped in and out of me. After a number of strokes he stopped deep inside me and I could feel his body spasm, the last of his hot cum entering me. With a large exhale he pushed away from me. I could feel cum dripping from my ass.

He handed me a Kleenex so I could wipe up. He sat down behind his desk; I turned around and pulled my pants up, tossing the used Kleenex into the trash. Man, I needed that I thought then looked at my watch. 

"Dave, I got to be going man," I said. "Thanks bro', I needed that."

"Hell yeah, me too, "he replied. "Going to have the boys over for the game Saturday?"

"Yeah, I'll text you with the details, should be a good time," I said.

Dave smiled and nodded his head, "It always is Tom. Take care." He unlocked the door and I walked into the hallway. Lori wasn't at her desk. I waited for a bit then saw her come out of a room.

"Sorry, I was making some copies," she said. "Anything I can help you with?"

"Yes; I think so," I said. "Are you free anytime this week for coffee or lunch?"

She smiled and replied, "That would be great. I take lunch around 11 if that works for you."

"That'd be perfect," I said. "Text me when you are free, anytime."

"Anytime?" she said with a bit of a quizzical look.

"Yes anytime, I work out of my house," I said. "I'm a writer."

"Fascinating," she replied. "I'll text you, maybe tomorrow."

"Looking forward to it."

"So am I, "she said smiling that nice smile. "Take care."

I left and headed home.

************

It was Thursday and Gary was on time. Kind of interesting that when a guy thinks he may get his cock sucked he always shows up on time or often early.

"How much time you have today Tom?" he asked.

"Couple of three hours," I replied. "What do you have in mind?"

"Well, I uh, well, remember last time we were here with Ben?"

"Yeah, I do."

"Well you guys kind of fucked each other in the ass and," he stumbled a bit "I thought maybe you could kind of show me how to uh, you know?"

"Interesting," I said. "So never had it up the ass like some people call it? So the dildo while I sucked you off was the closest thing?"

"Okay, yeah," he replied. "I mean it's not a big deal if, well if you aren't interested."

I smiled and said "Gary, I would love to go as far with you as you want. I just want you to feel comfortable with it. Taking my dick in your ass, and you'll have to fuck me too, will be awesome. I just want you to be sure because it may hurt a little bit at first and I don't want to scare you off."

"I understand," Gary replied.

"Now, having said that, I will do my best to make sure you like it. You know why?"

"Because I'm your friend?"

"Yeah, that too, but once you get into it you are going to love it and we can do it whenever you want. And yeah, we're friends; I was just fucking with you."

He smiled and nodded his head. "Have any liquor? Rum? Tequila?"

"Good idea," I said. Okay, I see where he was going. Yeah. A couple of shots might do him well. I broke out some tequila and a couple of beers. 

I poured a shot and handed it to him. He took it, swallowed it, and started to cough. After he finished I said to him.

"Gary; watch. Here's something I do that helps me."

I poured the shot, took a deep breath, drank it and exhaled. "See, sometimes it's the fumes that get you. Try again." I took some beer.

Gary nodded and said, "Oh, okay, I got it." He poured himself a shot, took a deep breath, downed the shot and exhaled. "Oh right, I see. Yeah; much better."

I took a second shot and we shot the breeze for a bit. After about ten minutes he asked, "We going to do this?"

I smiled and said "I'd love to."

Gary nodded and got up, headed for the bedroom. I followed and we took our clothes off. I opened the drawer and pulled the dildo and lube out. Boy, if that dildo could talk.

"Want another shot?" I asked. 

"No, I'm good, let me suck your cock," Gary said.

I sat back in the chair and spread my legs. Gary was down on his knees and hands to my nipples. Nice, that showed me that Gary was a good learner. Mouth on my cock, he opened and slid it all the way in as far as he could. Once down there he swallowed, constricting his throat around my hard cock. Damn, he was getting pretty good at cock sucking. I began to rub my nipples as one hand had moved to my cock, his other to my balls. He sucked up and down slow at first, then really fast; bam, bam, bam. Then slow again. That was different, wonder who taught him that. 

Oh fuck, my balls were aching and the cum was building up. Maybe he noticed because he pulled his mouth off of me and asked "So who gets to fuck whose ass first?"

"I'll fuck you first," I said. 

"Okay, lead me on buddy," he replied.

I stood up and walked him back to the bed, "Lay back," I said. As he got on the bed and laid back I grabbed his legs, pulled him towards the edge. Once there I slipped a pillow under his ass, getting it to the right angle and height. Then I took the dildo, lubed it up and dropped to my knees. I started to suck his nice hard cock, holding the shaft and circling it on my lips, dildo in my other hand.
