 Tommy - A Life is a novel with 23 Chapters. I plan to release them as a serial. Comments are very welcome. Please enjoy this story. Roland

CHAPTER ONE: The Train

He sat by the window, looking out at the passing scenery with unseeing eyes. From his jeans, casual shirt, and backpack he stood apart from the suit-wearing men with whom he shared the commuter train, looking like the college student he was. At each stop, more suits boarded, filling the car. He huddled closer to the window, ignoring the man now sharing his seat. For long minutes he kept his eyes looking out the window, catching the reflection of the scene within the car. He felt the eyes of the other passengers as they passed over him. Some dismissed him as "just a kid" out of place on the commuter train. But others lingeringly surveyed his entire body. He was taller than most, very thin, his face smooth, barely showing signs of beard. His eyes were soft, hazel, changing color with the light. All told of self-consciousness, almost fear of those around him. 

An older man sitting next to him dropped a section of his newspaper. As he picked up the paper from the floor his hand grazed the student, from the ankle, along the calf, along the thigh. The student looked away from the window for the first time, his frightened eyes meeting the older man's eyes. Could the older man's contact mean something? Or was it just an accidental touch? The older man smiled. A short while later, the student again felt a touch along his thigh. As he looked up he met the older man's eyes, blatantly looking at him. The older man rose from his seat and indicated with a nod of his head that the student should follow.

The student remained in the seat watching the older man walk down the aisle, pause and gesture again. Puzzled, the student got up and followed the older man to the back of the car. There a section of seats had been enclosed, forming a compartment. With a nod to the conductor, the older man opened the door and held it open for the student to enter. The compartment held only two pairs of seats, facing each other. The student sat down as the older man closed the door and drew curtains over the inside windows. The older man sat opposite the student, smiling. Without speaking the older man knelt on the floor in front of the student and reached to unfasten the student's jeans. The student pushed down his panic and let the man pull his jeans and briefs down. 

"What's your name?" the older man asked.

"Tommy."

"You're very handsome, Tommy," said the older man as he leaned down and took Tommy's cock into his mouth. The sensations of the warm, wet mouth were unlike anything Tommy had ever before experienced. His cock quickly swelled and lengthened, filling the man's mouth, pushing down the throat. The man gasped and gulped, moving his tongue along the hardening cock. Soon the cock had grown too big for his mouth and the man had to ease off, catching his breath, teasing the head. "You have a beautiful cock, Tommy." Tommy was unable to reply, only wishing the wonderful feeling would continue. The man eagerly resumed his treatment of Tommy's cock. Almost without warning, Tommy began cumming in great spurts. The man drank Tommy's cum hungrily, feeling the cock's hardness subside. Tommy's heart continued beating fast. This was the first time he had had sexual contact with another person, and it was a man.

The man brought out a handkerchief and dried Tommy's cock. As he stood, he leaned forward and kissed Tommy on the forehead. "Thank you. You are very desirable. I'd be pleased to meet you again." He turned and left the compartment and a moment later the train entered the terminal.

On his walk from the train terminal to the campus, Tommy's mind raced over what had happened. While he was thrilled by the physical release, he was confused by the man's attention. He had masturbated for pure release, never really fantasizing about contact with another person, certainly not with a man. But this had felt so good. The man had been kind and attentive. He decided to just put the episode from his mind, having no one with whom he dare share his experience.

Tommy was a college student, commuting from his aunt and uncle's house in the suburbs. His own parents had died in a car accident when he was in elementary school, leaving him in the care of his mother's much older sister and her husband. The old couple provided a clean, quiet home and while they welcomed him, they left him to himself. 

Tommy had been a quiet child, grieving for his lost family. He didn't understand the dark feeling that marked his existence as loneliness. His brooding demeanor kept would-be friends at a distance. Tommy's life was one of isolation. He studied and got good grades that led to his acceptance and scholarship at a small university in the nearby city. The scholarship only covered school expenses, so Tommy continued to live with his aunt and uncle, commuting to the city for classes.

The train ride home at the end of the day was uneventful. On boarding next day, however, he saw the older man standing in the doorway of the compartment. The older man waved. Tommy stood frozen, unable to move until another commuter bumped into him. The train car was already full, so Tommy had no choice but to walk toward the next car, toward the waiting man. Tommy felt his face flush as he approached the man. The man smiled and gave Tommy a wink. The man took Tommy's arm and guided him into the compartment. The man pleasured Tommy as he had on the previous day. He rose to leave, again pausing to kiss Tommy on the forehead. Tommy kept his eyes closed, not sure of what he should feel. On opening his eyes, he was alone, on the seat next to him was a twenty dollar bill. 

And so began a side life for Tommy. He remained a good student, was quiet at home, but allowed first the older man, then a series of other men to suck his cock while on the train. Some left money, others small presents, even breakfast rolls and coffee. As time went by, there were often a few men waiting outside the compartment door. Tommy never spoke, certainly never asked for any reward. The money did help with his expenses and he was grateful for the attention, knowing somehow that he was helping these men with their own needs. And so passed his junior year.

***

He spent the summer before his senior year working in a local grocery store stocking shelves. He was an attentive employee that the manager was happy to leave to himself. He performed his duties carefully, often thinking of his time on the train. On a rare occasion he saw one of the men he knew from the train in the store. Tommy never spoke to them, averting his eyes as if by some unspoken agreement.

He boarded the train for the first day of the fall semester. It seemed that the entire train car was filled with men waiting for him. The conductor stood by the compartment door, counting a handful of bills. He pocketed them when he saw Tommy, and held the door open for him. Tommy blushed to his toes. How had this happened? What had he become? He walked toward the compartment, feeling all eyes on him. As he approached the open compartment door, he saw someone waiting inside. It was a man, a few years older than himself. Tommy was struck by the man's appearance, his handsome face, his fine clothing, his welcoming expression. 

"Come on in, I'm Billy. Billy Kensington. I've just got to meet the man who has become the object of desire on the 8:05 express."

CHAPTER TWO: Billy Kensington

Tommy entered and sat opposite the young man, Billy. The engaging smile continued. "So what's your name? You're every bit as good looking as Charles said. Yes, I'd say you're quite delicious." Billy moved to the seat next to Tommy, placing his hand on Tommy's thigh. "And I'm sure he wasn't exaggerating about your cock, judging from this bulge. But we can get 'more closely acquainted' later." Billy's non-stop chatter and soft touching captured Tommy's attention. Billy was absolutely self-confident, relaxed and sure in conversation. 

"I'm Tommy," blushed he.

"Pleased to meet you, Tommy. I'm Billy. Did I say that? Oh I guess I did. Well then, we shall be fast friends. You're a student? At the University? Sophomore? No, a Senior. I'm sure you're a Senior. Well, I shall have to introduce you at my club. Do you commute every day? Why not stay in town? Its much more fun in town, but then, I've heard you've been having a pretty good time on the train. Charles – who claims to have discovered you – you know nice older man, good looking, kind eyes – tells me that you're the main entertainment on the main line. Charles is at my parent's country club and oh so attentive to the younger men. He loves to tell about his conquests – not really gentlemanly, don't you think?"

Tommy sat in awe of the flow of words. He tried several times to answer Billy's questions, but Billy answered them himself or moved past them with the same forward drive of the locomotive pulling the train.

And then Billy paused, looked at Tommy full in the face, and in a single movement reached out taking Tommy's face in his hands and kissed him on the lips. Kissed him deeply. Tommy felt desire flood his body. At length, Billy released the kiss, but still holding Tommy's face, said huskily, "I could love you, Tommy, I could really love you."

The train lurched as it pulled into the terminal. Billy stood, pulling Tommy to his feet and led him by the hand out of the train, through the terminal and into the street. Tommy followed like a sleepwalker, drinking in the continuing flow of talk, gazing at the handsome young Billy, wondering where he was going. He came to his senses outside the university gates, where Billy turned to face him. 

"Meet me for dinner at, say six, at Chez Pauline. Just a few blocks down Market Street." Billy again took Tommy's face in his hands and kissed him, then turned and moved off down the street. Tommy looked after him, dazed at the incredible Billy, only just realizing he had made a date.

***

The day crawled by as Tommy attended classes. In the library, instead of his usual productive studying, Tommy stared into space. More than once during the day, Tommy was only too aware of the hard throbbing between his legs. And he had a date this very evening with a handsome man. Billy Kensington. Kensington, one of the most prominent families in and around the city. Could Billy be one of those Kensingtons? Tommy shuddered. He was so far out of his league. Did he even have a league? But Billy was so handsome and Tommy had agreed to meet for dinner – or Billy had agreed for him. 

The day finally passed. Tommy headed out of the library and had almost reached the campus gates when he realized he had left his book bag at the table where he had been working. He ran back, knowing he would now be late, even if it was only a short walk to the restaurant. He entered the front door of Chez Pauline, a place he never realized existed. It was on the ground floor of an impressive apartment building, one he had heard about related to "society" events. He entered the restaurant; the entry was filled with finely dressed people. He felt very conspicuous in his college attire. On his entry, the Maitre d' spotted him, and excusing himself from an elderly couple, moved toward Tommy. "Mr. Thomas? This way, please." The Maitre d' led Tommy to a staircase, then up to the second floor, across a dining room, to a closed door. The door was opened revealing a sumptuous private dining room. 

Billy stood across the room, posed by a fireplace. He turned and smiled at Tommy, again capturing Tommy's attention with a smile. Tommy heard the door close behind him as Billy crossed the room. Billy took Tommy into a full embrace, kissing him again and again. 

A discrete "ahem" caught their attention. Billy looked over Tommy's shoulder continued to hold him tightly and seeing the source of the sound replied, "You may serve, Renard."

They sat to a beautiful meal of many courses, each with its own wine. Tommy observed how Billy handled silverware, mimicking his every move. The food was unlike any he had eaten before, subtle flavors, delicate textures, and with the wine an extraordinary experience. This was a far cry from the common fare he had growing up. At length, the meal was concluded with coffee and a flaming dessert, prepared by Billy himself. The easy grace with which he prepared the dessert and set it aflame spoke of a lifetime of privilege. Billy had talked all through the meal, filling in conversation for the tongue-tied Tommy. Now Billy reached across the table and took Tommy's hand. 

"Will you come with me to my place?"

Billy, again, didn't wait for an answer. He rose, drew Tommy behind him and led him through a concealed doorway, down a flight of stairs, through the kitchen, winking at the chef as they hurried by, and through a doorway into a spacious lobby. The several staff in the lobby snapped to attention when they saw Billy and stepped ahead of them to call an elevator. A moment later the elevator arrived, the staff member pressed a high button, then ushered Billy and Tommy inside. The elevator wooshed upward. The moment the doors had closed, Billy pulled Tommy to him and kissed him again. Tommy hadn't noticed that the elevator had stopped moving and the doors had opened behind him. Billy gave him a playful push out the door into a tiny vestibule with three doors. Billy reached out some keys, unlocked and pushed wide the center door.

"Behold, my home away from home." Billy led Tommy inside an oval entry hall, richly paneled with a domed ceiling. The small chairs and tables furnishing the room were elegant, the Persian rug soft beneath their feet. Billy walked to each of the three doors around the room, throwing them open revealing a spacious living room, formal dining room, and a bedroom. While each room was grandly furnished – even at a glance – the bedroom, oh the bedroom. A massive canopied bed stood on a platform, dominating the room. One wall was all windows and the opposite had a fireplace, ready to be lit. Tommy stood with his jaw agape. 

When he saw they were alone in the apartment, Tommy spoke, "This is all too much, Billy. I've never been in such a place. And what those people must think of me, the way I'm dressed." With this, Tommy surveyed Billy's clothing. He too was dressed for the place, casually, but elegantly. 

"Tommy, Tommy, Tommy. You are so handsome, who would notice what you wore. But I understand. Tomorrow we'll visit my tailor and get you a few things, poor dear." When Tommy protested, stating that he could not afford such things, Billy cut him off. "It will all go on my account, really Dad's account. Don't even think about the cost. No, don't think about another thing beyond being here, with me, tonight. And I don't think you'll be needing clothes."

Billy embraced Tommy again. Billy's hands ran from Tommy's shoulders, along his arms to his hands which he grasped. He led Tommy into the bedroom, to the bed. "You sit here a moment, while I light the fire." Tommy felt hands pressing him to sit on the high bed, his head whirling. He saw Billy cross the room and with a single match, light the fire that quickly caught, sending warmth into the room. 

As Billy returned across the room, he pulled off his jacket and tie, tossing them to the floor. He unbuttoned his shirt, pulling it from his trousers. He kicked off his shoes. Tommy watched Billy, seeing him as if in a dream. And then Billy was in front of him, pushing between Tommy's knees, standing close. Billy reached up and unbuttoned Tommy's shirt, unfastened his jeans, pulled off his shoes. Tommy could feel the flush of desire rise on his face, feel his cock hardening. 

Billy paused to lean forward to kiss Tommy, his tongue invading Tommy's mouth. All Tommy's senses focused on the man kissing him. Billy dissolved into an aura of scent, pressure, and the soft sound of breathing. Tommy reached his arms around Billy. "No, not yet, Love," cautioned Billy. "I very much need to see you naked. Come over to the fire, so I can undress you where it is warm." 

Tommy stood before the fire facing Billy. Billy eased Tommy's shirt over his shoulders and let it drop to the floor. He pushed Tommy's pants, already unbuckled, over his hips and pulled them down, guiding each leg over Tommy's foot, taking the socks as well in one movement. Billy reached up and pulled down Tommy's briefs, Tommy's already engorged cock springing up. Billy looked up and smiled. Billy then stood and stepped back, looking over Tommy with appraising eyes. He moved slowly around Tommy, pausing to take in every detail of Tommy's body. Tommy stood still, uneasy in his nakedness, feeling Billy's eyes.

Billy spoke at last, "Oh my, you truly are beautiful. The firelight catches every plane and line of your body. So nearly perfect." Tommy could feel Billy behind him, stepping closer until he feel the length of a suddenly naked Billy pressed against his back. Tommy felt hands cup his ass cheeks. "You have so many surprises, Tommy. That sweet, young face, and yet such a hairy ass and legs. Very yummy." Billy reached his arms around Tommy and pulled him close, his cock nestling against Tommy's butt. Billy's hands played along Tommy's front, teasing his nipples, tracing the thin line of hair between his pecs, along his stomach, past the navel to the bush surrounding his cock. "Very fine, my dear, you are very fine." The hands cupped Tommy's balls, tugging them, feeling the weight. Tommy's cock raged upward in front of him, craving touch.

Tommy could feel Billy sliding to his knees behind him, feeling light kisses and licks from his neck, along his spine, lingering on his ass. Billy's hands took him by the hips and turned him around. Tommy felt the sudden switch of heat to cool and cool to heat on his skin as he now faced opposite. Billy again grasped Tommy's balls and with a greedy gulp, took Tommy's cock into his mouth. The wet warmth of Billy's mouth engulfed him. 

Tommy's mind emptied, feeling only the sensations surrounding his cock. He felt the soft hair on Billy's head, realizing that his hands had reached out, holding Billy, pulling the head against his cock. Billy sucked, tongued, and gulped, taking more of the hard cock each moment. Tommy's ass began to clutch, orgasm nearing when Billy pulled off and stood up, kissing Tommy on the mouth. 

"Not yet, my love. I have more planned for you." 

Tommy's still wet cock felt chill being exposed to the air, a contrast to the hot need for orgasm.

"To the bed, dammit," Billy ordered and ran toward the bed. Tommy pursued him. They embraced and fell onto the bed, still entangled. "I want you inside me," Billy whispered. With one hand, he reached into a nightstand and took a tube of lube. The other hand caressed Tommy's cock. Tommy now felt both hands stroking him, making him wet with lubricant. "On your back, Love," Billy said as he led Tommy by the cock. Tommy complied. Billy sat astride Tommy, his hands now toying with Tommy's cock rubbing its wet head against his ass. 

"Definitely bigger than I'm used to," Billy muttered through clenched teeth as he pressed his ass against the cock. Tommy's mind blanked again as he felt his cock head pop past the entry to Billy's ass. Billy let out a gasp, but got control of his breathing, and began to press down, taking more cock into himself, slowly. Tommy opened his eyes to see Billy's face in deep concentration, changing from grimacing near pain to slack with pleasure. 

Billy pushed further down, then gripping tight with his ass. He leaned forward, his own hard cock pushing along Tommy's stomach. Billy's hands played across Tommy's chest. Their mouths met in a deep kiss, the contact making Tommy's cock pulse deep inside Billy. All the air in Tommy's lungs emptied in a long sigh.
