 CHAPTER SEVEN: Thanksgiving and Palm Beach

Their time together sped by. In what seemed like days, the months of September, October, and much of November had passed. Billy read from a letter from his mother that he was required to attend a family function for the Thanksgiving holiday. Tommy remembered his promise to join his aunt and uncle. Both realized that they had not been apart for more than half a day since they had met. Both felt the pain of separation days ahead of their actual parting.

The day before Thanksgiving, Tommy and Billy took a cab to the train station. They sat in silence, holding hands, looking out opposite windows, afraid that should their eyes meet, each might break down. They shared a seat on the crowded train, making small talk in the very public place, their eyes saying what they dare not say aloud. 

In time they came to Tommy's stop, they embraced, then Tommy left the train, struggling to contain his tears. He turned, tried to smile and waved to Billy as the train pulled out of the station.

He walked the short distance to his relatives' house. He was warmly greeted by his aunt and uncle, but asked to be excused to lie down. In time he collected himself, cleaned up and joined his aunt and uncle in the living room. They had never spoken much, respecting each other's privacy and in a way the grief over the deaths of Tommy's parents. 

On this evening, Tommy told of his time in college, breezing by the details of his personal life. His aunt and uncle participated in the conversation happily, unlike earlier times. Tommy went with his aunt to the kitchen to help with making dinner. Their conversation continued and time passed quickly. 

Just as dinner was about ready, the sound of screeching tires came from the front of the house. Headlights glared at a crazy angle through the front windows. Tommy's uncle called to them that "some fool has run all over the front yard." Tommy joined his uncle peering through the front window. "Do you know anyone fool enough to be driving a convertible with the top down – in November?"

Tommy tried to see past the headlights. The dark form of a man sprawled in the front seat of the car. There was something familiar about the shape of the man's head. Oh no, Billy. Tommy raced out of the house and up to the car. A very drunken Billy turned toward him, tears streaming down his cheeks. He was inarticulate with drink, sobbing, a mess. Tommy opened the door and pulled him out, then embraced him. Billy clung to Tommy. He kept talking about "monsters" and how he had to run away. Tommy escorted him into the house and sat him on the sofa. Billy slowly calmed down and related the awful scene at his parent's home earlier in the evening. Billy's large extended family had gathered for a cocktail party. 

Billy explained that he had little use for most of his relatives, detesting their snobbery and superiority. Failing to join in the conversations brought all attention on him. A cousin made a hateful remark about 'fags' that was followed by a number of other taunts at Billy. When his father and mother turned their backs toward him, Billy was crushed by all the cruelty. He had already been drinking heavily and took two quick shots and fled the house. He took the red convertible he had been given as a graduation present from the garage, the top still down from its last use in summer. He went to the nearest bar and continued drinking. He collected his wits enough to use a payphone to find Tommy's aunt's and uncle's address. He got directions from the bartender – who tried to talk him out of driving – and then sped to find Tommy. And here he was, confused, drunk but free of the 'monsters' that were his blood relations.

Tommy's aunt and uncle stood and looked at the scene, Billy crying, Tommy trying to comfort him. Billy gratefully accepting a box of tissues from Tommy's aunt.

"Tommy, you better move that car into the driveway." Tommy's uncle said.

Tommy reluctantly left Billy's side and went out of the house. In the few minutes it took Tommy to move the car and put up the top, the scene in the house had utterly changed. Tommy's aunt was perched on the sofa next to Billy, herself in tears, but caused by laughter. Tommy's uncle sat across the room in his easy chair, joining in the fun. Billy was entertaining. As Tommy came in, he heard Billy's shameless flattery of his aunt, delighting the woman. Tommy could only stand and smile, again amazed at Billy's winning ways. Here were two people Tommy had rarely seen smile in near hilarity.

Tommy's uncle rose and indicated that Tommy should follow him into the kitchen. Over the years he had lived with the man, Tommy and his uncle had exchanged few words. Now Tommy faced a conversation that might also be a confrontation. 

"I take it you know this man?" Tommy nodded. 

"There's no girl, is there?" Again Tommy nodded. 

"He's some rich kid, isn't he?" Tommy looked into his uncle's face, unsure how to read the expression. "It looks like his own family has treated him pretty badly. I just can't see it, why anyone can treat their own like that. And he's such a pleasant young man. I have never seen your aunt so charmed and happy, laughing out loud. Even in the face of the ugly time he's had." Tommy stood nonplussed.

"Your aunt and I, well we've never been too much on talking or showing feelings. And after your parents died, well, she was so upset at losing her sister, we just thought it would be best to be as peaceful as we could. I'm afraid we might have neglected you, not tried to reach out to you. But, son, we've always loved you, always wanted what's best for you. We were so proud of you when you got into that college. No one, not one of our whole family had ever gotten into college before. And now you'll graduate this spring. You've done your parent's memory right."

Tommy stood facing his uncle finding it difficult to believe that this rough and normally silent man was saying these things. His uncle cleared his throat, seeming to struggle with the next words. 

"Does he love you? Does he treat you well?" The older man's face was all concern. After a pause, he asked, "Do you love him? No need to answer, I know from how you look at him. I never gave much thought to how you'd turn out. I always thought you had a pretty level head – said so. I figure if this is where your life leads you, well then, it's what you've got to do." 

Tears now streamed down Tommy's face. He suddenly felt the years of quiet affection and care of his aunt and uncle. He was amazed at the quiet dignity being expressed by a man he never realized was sensitive and respectful. Tommy raised both arms to hug his uncle. The older man bridled and extended his hand to shake hands. As they turned to go to the living room, Tommy felt his uncle's reassuring arm around his shoulders.

Tommy's aunt was still perched on the sofa like a little bird. She drank in Billy's unending stream of chatter, gossip about famous people he knew, tales of places he had visited. For his aunt, this was like a supermarket tabloid come alive. And to think, this was someone her nephew knew so well. 

"Tommy, this boy is just a wonder. I might have known you'd find the most fascinating people at that college. And he's so good looking, too. My, my, I don't know when I've had such a time." His aunt was more animated than he had ever seen her. "You must tell us how you met and all you've been doing all these months. I had no idea you had found someone special, someone for your life."

Billy shrugged his shoulders in innocence to Tommy's questioning eyes. "I haven't said anything," he pleaded.

"You boys don't have anything to tell me. I saw the way Tommy looked at you when you came in the door, and just now how you looked at him. I never thought I'd see the day when I'd be happy for one of my relations to be, well in an unusual relationship, but I was wondering what had happened in his life that was so good. It shows all over him. He talked non-stop all evening. I believe he spoke less than that old man, and he never opens his mouth at all. And now, conversation and stories. Nothing to hold a candle to you, Billy. I've never heard of such a life."

Billy faced Tommy, taking his hands in his. "Tommy, I know you've only just gotten here, and you're lovely aunt and uncle deserve your company, but I've just got to get away, far away from here, from my family. And I really have to be with you."

"Don't say another word," his aunt interrupted. 

"I'll just go pack up something for you boys to eat and you can get on your way. I'll bet Tommy is still packed." 

Tommy and Billy were shooed out of the house, laden with bags of food. Billy was still unsteady on his feet, and happily got into the passenger's side of the car. Tommy's aunt and uncle waved from the doorway as he backed the car into the street.

"Where are we going?"

"I don't care. Just far away." Billy thought for a moment. "I know. My grandmother's place. Palm Beach."

Tommy turned the car south and before a few minutes passed, Billy's head drooped in sleep. Tommy drove fast along the highway, eating up the miles. His mind played over the events of the evening. Amazed at how his life took new directions, had new meaning, all since meeting Billy. He was truly thankful.

Tommy drove on through the night. As the sun began to rise, its light gave Tommy his first real look at the car he was driving. He saw the rich burl wood of the dash, the leather steering wheel, the stereo system. He appreciated again the soft leather seat that both supported him and held him in a soft embrace. Only in movies had he seen such cars and now he was driving one. 

He glanced over at Billy, who even in the disarray of sleep was handsome and elegant. The fuel gauge indicated that they needed gas so Tommy steered off the highway at the next exit to a nearby service station. He admired the car's exterior as he pumped the gas. He felt the eyes of the early morning travelers, felt their silent conjectures of who this man must be to be driving such a car. 

Of a sudden Billy erupted from the car and ran to the edge of parking area and was sick. Tommy watched as he regained his composure, went into the rest room and emerged transformed into the poised and elegant Billy.

"Where's that food your aunt gave us. I'm famished." Tommy was amazed at Billy's resilience. Maybe the life of privilege had some practical lessons after all. Tommy finished fueling the car and followed Billy in to pay for the gas and purchase some drinks. A few moments later they were again on the road, Tommy driving and Billy eating hungrily in the passenger seat, passing bites of food to Tommy. Tommy drove for a few more hours, now with Billy providing entertainment, both with his chatter and stories and by his continual fussing with the dials and switches of the car stereo, heating, and air conditioning systems. 

At last Tommy declared 'enough' and pulled off the highway again.

Tommy again fueled the car. Billy disappeared into a store adjoining the gas station. He re-emerged with arms full of packages. He handed Tommy several bills to pay for the gas and told Tommy to meet him in the rest room. Paying for the gas took a while, Tommy had to convince the attendant that the $100 bills were real. It was probably the tip Tommy offered that finally convinced him. 

Tommy raced around the building and knocked on the closed men's room door. The door opened to a vision of Billy transformed. He stood in white shorts, a loud Hawaiian shirt and sandals. "We don't want to arrive in Palm Beach dressed for snow. Here put these on." He had a nearly identical outfit for Tommy. "It's not by Phillipe, but it will do. I just wanted to feel festive." Billy hugged Tommy, kissing him again and again. They returned to the car.

"You'd better drive, Billy. I'm kind of beat." 

"Just you wait until we get some time alone, you'll be plenty tired after that," smirked Billy. 

Once in the car Billy said, "Ah, just one more thing and we'll be perfect." With even more than his typical élan, Billy produced two pairs of sunglasses. "Here you are, my dear. The right touch for two men of the world on their way to Palm Beach."

Tommy nodded off shortly after they returned to the highway. It was almost dusk when he awoke. He looked over at Billy. He was concentrating on driving, his jaw set, eyes focused. And while the car moved at great speed, he was relaxed, very much in control of the vehicle. Only his fingers drumming on the steering wheel in time to the Haydn piano concerto revealed outside infiltration into his concentration. It showed a native competence that silently underlay Billy's public persona. Tommy savored this scene, learning about Billy in this unguarded moment, loving him more.

Billy's eyes scanned over toward Tommy, surprised to find Tommy's eyes open and observing him. 

Billy reached over and took Tommy's hand, raising it to his lips, at first kissing, then teasing the hair on the back of Tommy's hand with his lips. 

"You know I love you? Don't you."

"Uh huh. And I you."

They pulled off the highway to eat and fuel again. The sun set in a brilliant display. The two men stood side by side, holding each other's shoulders and watched the beauty of nature while standing in the tawdry parking lot of a diner. Tommy grabbed Billy and kissed him shamelessly, in full view of the diner windows. They both waved at the shocked faces in the windows and raced back to the car. Tommy took the wheel and they began the last leg of the journey. The temperature had risen as they proceeded south. Tommy appreciated the summer clothes Billy had purchased.

They drove again through the night, now both awake, holding hands. And this was enough. They didn't need conversation. Just to be with each other, just touching was enough to fill each of their hearts.

As signs for Miami and Palm Beach appeared, Billy took over driving. Tommy stared out the windows, which even in the darkness of night revealed a world unlike he had seen. Palm trees, vast houses on manicured grounds, golf courses. 

Billy pulled up to a massive set of gates and got out of the car. A telephone was attached at one side of the gates. Billy spoke into it, suddenly the gates opened before them. Billy got back into the car and drove up to the front of a massive Mediterranean villa. A man in a bathrobe appeared and handed keys through the car window to Billy. 

"That would be Mr. Jenkins, Grandmama's butler. They're all back at home, so we've got the place to ourselves. I thought we'd be more comfortable in the pool house. Oh, don't worry, I've got the goods on Mr. Jenkins. He has the appearance of all propriety, but on a given Saturday night, he can be found lurking around South Beach very much the diva." Billy drove around the house to a parking area. He led the way, unlocking a gate that led to a vast pool overlooking the beach and ocean beyond. To one side was the pool house. In its own right a small mansion, certainly many times the size of Tommy's aunt and uncle's home, though dwarfed by the main house.

The pool house, though casually furnished, was opulent. It had a spacious lounge, two bedrooms – 'for overflow guests and occasional indiscretions' – and full kitchen and bar. The lounge was open to the pool and view. Billy suggested that they have a swim, it was very warm despite being just before dawn. He stripped in one movement and dove in. Tommy followed suit and they were shortly wrestling in each other's arms in the pool. The fun gave way to passion. The men swam to the side and got out of the pool. Miraculously – to Tommy, by expectation to Billy – towels were set on nearby lounge chairs. They dried and ran into the pool house and into a bedroom. 

As they lay on the bed, the exhaustion of the long drive crept over them. Their arousal lasted just long enough to ease an orgasm from each other. Tommy inhaled the scent of their lovemaking, pulling Billy closer giving one last kiss before giving in to sleep.

Tommy awoke alone in the bed. At first, he was alarmed at being alone, then at being in a strange place. He got up, pulled on a robe, arrayed conveniently at the end of the bed. He walked through the lounge and onto the pool deck. There, sunning, fully nude save for sunglasses, was Billy. "Ah there you are, sleepy head. I was about to come wake you – you could go back to bed and pretend you hadn't woken. I had quite a treat in mind for you."

Tommy spotted the breakfast tray at Billy's side and moved in for something to eat. "I suppose we ought to let you get your strength back, dear one. May I pour coffee?" Billy, as always, was a perfect host.

The brilliant sun, sparkling on the ocean, enriched the colors of the tropical garden around them. "You must be awfully hot in that robe, Tommy." Billy tugged at the sash, but Tommy resisted. "Oh come on, I've seen you naked before."

"Billy, there are people here."

Billy looked around. "Where? I don't see anyone."

"Neither do I, but towels and breakfast and other stuff keep appearing. Somebody has got to be bringing it."

"Tommy, I never thought of you as shy, I guess we've always been alone. Yes, there are servants here and I guess I never thought they might be offended. All right then, we'll find some bathing suits.

They went into the pool house and Billy led the way to a large bureau in the lounge. He opened a drawer and searched around. He tossed a small piece of cloth at Tommy.

"I don't think I'd look good in a thong."

"I, most heartily agree, you look much better out of it."

"Keep looking."

Billy found two brief, but not too brief suits that Tommy was willing to accept. After Tommy had put his on, Billy openly checked him out. "Well, I think you look more obscene with that on than totally naked. You don't leave much to the imagination. I'm just glad I don't have to imagine.

They returned to the breakfast, another place setting had appeared and fresh hot coffee steamed in the cups.

"It's a little freaky. They must be watching all the time."

Billy explained that his grandmother's household was run in a very 'old world' style. Servants were always there, but never seen, and yes, it was a little freaky.

They spent the day by the pool, recovering from the long drive. At dusk they went out of the garden and onto the beach. They walked along the shoreline, hand in hand stopping often to kiss or pick up an interesting shell. As darkness fell they turned back toward the house. From the beach it looked like a magical palace. As they approached the gate, the lock clicked open admitting them. "Freaky" said Tommy. "I hope the bedroom is off limits. I'm not up to performing for an audience."

"Getting you 'up' is my job, lover. But I think we can expect privacy in bed." Billy poured them each a glass of wine from the bottle on ice in the lounge. Tommy laid his head against Billy's shoulder, putting his arm around Billy. 

"What's up?"

"I was just enjoying the sounds and scents and colors of this day."

"What else?"

"I guess I'm afraid, afraid for us. I thought we were alone in the world, that the world was just really us. But it's clear that there is a lot of world outside, and much of that world hates us."

"You're thinking of my family?"

"I see evidence of them here, in your apartment back home, all over that city, but they're invisible. I understand not wanting to tell them about us. I'm more shocked by my aunt and uncle's reaction than if they'd stoned us. But you've been facing this for a while. It must hurt a great deal."

Billy sat on a nearby lounge chair, his head in his hands. "You can't choose your family, Tommy." He looked up into Tommy's face, "I can and do choose you."

Tommy reached down and took Billy's hands and led him to the bedroom. After looking around, he closed the doors and pushed Billy toward the bed. At first, he covered Billy with soft kisses. As their urgency rose, he grasped Billy's cock and stroked it hard, causing Billy's back to arch with desire. He reached into the bedside table drawer and found – not to his surprise – lube. He spread it on his own cock and pressed wet fingers into Billy.
