 Sasha Marin sat and stared at the six men around him. Each of them were either laughing, drinking beer, or watching some television. They didn't seem to care much what Sasha was doing, even though he was their prisoner. Then again, the skinny, five foot two brunette was no match for the six muscle bound giants around him. 

Sasha Marin was the only son of Vladmir Marin, a member of a Russian terrorist organization that threatened to bomb several cities in several countries. The six men had arrived to arrest Vladmir in his own home, but he managed to escape them with his wife, but he left his only son behind. The men took Sasha to a safe house where the men were celebrating before planning their next move.

Vladmir met Sasha's mother, Mary Rivers, in the US twenty years ago. Twenty year old Mary was a secretary for a man whom Vladmir was doing business with. The two eventually started hooking up whenever Vladmir would make visits. And after a year, Vladmir found out that Mary was pregnant. Unsure of the situation, Vladmir kept his distance. Sasha was born without his father. Eventually, Vladmir married Mary and brought her and Sasha to Russia. Sasha hated his father. His father abused him from a young age, and his mother was abused too if she ever tried to step in. And if his father knew the truth about what Sasha and his bodyguard did, he would probably kill them both.

Sasha stared back at the men. All of them were still wearing their army fatigues and tags. Throughout his life, he'd learned to be an observer, mostly to avoid beatings from his father. So far, he'd gathered many details about each of the men around him.

The leader was a grey haired man in his mid 40s with brown eyes named Abraham Allen. Allen was easily the biggest of the men, muscle wise. He also had a bushy grey beard. He was married to a woman named Cynthia and had two daughters, Kelly and Grace. He could easily be seen as the leader of the group. Allen had such a commanding presence and a loud, boisterous personality that it was hard not too.

Sitting next to him was his close friend, Armando Martinez. Armando was a large man, only a little shorter than Abraham, and about as muscular. He had these amazing brown eyes and short, black hair that Martinez took some effort in up keeping. Like Allen, he had a beard, only his was black, not gray. He seemed to be around 30 years old. He was also a single man, with no children. Sasha could tell that Martinez was probably Allen's second in command. He was strong, and he had a good aura around him that made even Sasha relax. Martinez had probably been the nicest to Sasha since they had picked him up.

The third was a man named Peter Fowler. The man kind of reminded Sasha of how he pictured Tarzan. The man was in his late 30s with shoulder length brown hair that he kept in a ponytail. He was toned, but not at the bodybuilder status of the other two. He had blue eyes and a goatee. Fowler was in a poly amorous relationship with two women, Gina and Laurel, and a man named Ryan. He had overheard that Peter loved the outdoors almost as much as he loved sex. Peter seemed to be the horndog of the group who was not adjusting well to a lack of sex now that he no longer was on the base back home.

Sitting next to him was Darnell Chase, an African American gentleman of medium build. He had light brown eyes, no facial hair, and a shaved head. In his late 20s, Darnell was dating a woman named Ellen and they were thinking about getting married. Darnell was the jokester of the group. He would talk and bring everyone to tears, even Sasha. Although, Sasha could tell that there was something behind Darnell's eyes. He was hiding something traumatic, just like Sasha had been doing for years.

Redhead Jimmy Hutak was the one closest to the door. He didn't seem to be a part of the team as much as some of the others. He was the shortest and skinniest of the group, although he was still better built Sasha. He had green eyes and was the youngest at about 24 years old. The only reason that he was there is that Abraham happened to be his uncle in law. Jimmy married his niece Deanna, whom he had two children, Joseph and Bradley with, and expecting two twins, a boy and a girl. He seemed distant, having been on the team only a few months compared to the years the others have had to build their brotherhood.

The last man was the one by the refrigerator. His name was Adam Whittmore. He was a tall, fat man, but he had a lot of muscle under it. Adam had shaggy, dirty blonde hair and a matching beard. He was in his early 30s. His eyes were blue, but not as blue as Sasha's. Adam seemed to enjoy food, which Sasha related too. He was also upset. From what Sasha could gather, it was because of Adam's breakup with longtime partner Logan. Sasha was not sure of Logan's gender, but he kind of hoped it was a guy.

Sasha was a horny nineteen year old boy. And after his father moved his bodyguard to a new location a few months ago, Sasha was pissed off. And ever since, he had gone completely without sex. By a stroke of pure luck, there were six strong men in front of him. One of them was bound to be gay. Even if there wasn't, Sasha was sure that one of them would be sex starved enough to want to ravish him in a bedroom somewhere. He had a plan to figure out who wanted him.

Sasha rose out of his seat and began walking.

"And what do you think you're doing?" Abraham asked.

"I'm just getting a glass of water, I'm parched." Sasha smiled, making his way to the fridge by Adam. He grabbed a cup from the cupboard and filled it with water. Once filled, Sasha "accidentally" dropped it on the ground. It was plastic so it didn't shatter.

"Oh come on" Jimmy exclaimed.

"Shit, I'm so sorry." Sasha said, grabbing a towel. He bent over to clean it up, making sure that his ass was pointed towards all of the men. Sasha had been lucky enough to have a rather large one, it had helped him attract a man or two before now. Once finished, Sasha quickly turned around to see if anyone was staring. He could see Martinez turn his head away quickly.

"Bingo" Sasha smiled to himself. He quickly got another glass of water and sat back down on the couch across from Martinez. He drank his water, noticing the glances Martinez would keep giving him. Sasha knew that he'd have Martinez soon.

The men kept chattering on about their plan to take Sasha's father down. Sasha listened intently, while still keeping his eyes on Armando.

"If we enter through the underground tunnels under here, we can sneak in and disable the computer." Allen said.

"But how do we disable it?" Martinez asked.

"Whittmore can break the code." Allen replied.

"Have you seen their security system? It's state of the art. I can crack it, but it'll take a while." Whittmore said.

"I can crack it." Sasha said, shock in all of them.

"How do you know?" Allen asked.

"My dad never notices me. I can sneak in and read anything in his study, especially codes." Sasha smiled.

"And why should we trust you?" Martinez asked.

"Easy, I want to take him down just as much as you. And I want to go home." Sasha told him.

"Well, we will not be able to make sure you get home to your mansion." Allen said.

"Not that stupid place. It's not my real home. I mean New York City, where I was born. I want to go with my mom back to our real family." Sasha exclaimed.

"We can't just offer th-" Allen started.

"What if I told you that you are going the wrong way? That your access point leads you to capture. I mean, what kind of base allows tunnels to lead it its most central room? You need to take the ventilation shafts. There is a medium level entrance with one guard. Sneak in, get to the computer, and enter code 112358xiv and boom, crisis averted." Sasha said.

"Are you sure?" Hutak asked.

"Please, I will do anything to get away from him. He hates me already, but if he knew some things about me, that man would kill me." Sasha begged.

"I trust him." Martinez smiled, looking at Sasha.

Sasha's heart fluttered. Oh yeah, this man was totally into him.

Reluctantly, all the men trusted Sasha. And it was good for them, because Sasha's information led to the total collapse of Vladmir Marin's entire operation. The men also made good on their promise and gave Mary and Sasha the ability to leave Russia and go back home. Sasha had been communicating with an aunt, an uncle, and a cousin. He and Mary would stay with them and Sasha attending a local college until they got back on their feet.

However, one last celebration was in order at the safe house. Hutak had been left in charge of watching Sasha, in case he tried to escape. Even though, the though never crossed Sasha's mind. They both sat around, waiting to see if the others had fared well.

All of a sudden, the door swung open to reveal the five men that Sasha had come to know over the past few days. They were carrying cases of fine alcohol and huge smiles. Each man was still dressed in his fatigues.

"Gather round men, it is time we celebrate." Allen said.

"I take it that the mission went well." Sasha smiled.

"Hell yeah. Come here boy, that was some great work." Allen said, pulling Sasha in for a hug.

"Thanks for that, you saved us from a terrible mistake." Martinez laughed, winking at Sasha.

Sasha smiled back and grabbed some vodka. He wasn't American yet, so tonight, he was going to drink.

Martinez and Sasha sat on the couch together alternating between watching the tv and the others. Allen and Hutak were playing a game of cards on the table, while Fowler and Chase were urging Whittmore on to see how many hot dogs he could eat in five minutes.

"That's so weird." Sasha said, referring to Whittmore.

"Hah, you should see him with chicken nuggets. You don't even see them, they are gone that fast." Martinez laughed.

"I need to go home soon, my mom is probably worried sick. Plus, we need to start getting some stuff together if we are going to NY." Sasha told him.

"We already contacted your mother. She is packing up as we speak. She told us to tell you that you can stay all night if you want. Just be home by 10 am tomorrow." Martinez said.

"Do you think I should stay?" Sasha asked.

"I mean, this celebration is more for you. I would like you to stay." Martinez told him.

"Really?" Sasha asked.

"Yeah" Martinez smiled.

"It's now or never" Sasha thought to himself. He leaned in to kiss Martinez, just as Martinez did the same.

The two began kissing passionately. Martinez's large tongue pushed its way into Sasha's mouth, who gladly let him in. Sasha rubbed his hands all over Martinez's mountainous muscles. Unfortunately, they had to break for air. Sasha took initiative and climbed on top of Martinez and sat his ass on the man's crotch. Happily, Martinez pulled Sasha's head down into another rough kiss.

After pulling up for air again, Sasha leaned into Martinez's ear.

"Do you want to take this to the bedroom?" Sasha asked.

"Yes. I've wanted to do this since the moment I saw you baby." Martinez whispered.

"Good, take me there stud." Sasha smiled.

Hearing this, Martinez stood up. Sasha wrapped his legs around Martinez's waist and his arms around Martinez's neck. Sasha's ass was resting above a large bulge in the pants of his new lover. Martinez carried Sasha through the house and into the nearest bedroom. He kicked the door open and roughly threw Sasha on the bed.

Sasha smiled as Martinez pushed his lips against Sasha's again. After breaking it off, Martinez pulled Sasha's shirt off and began kissing his neck and chest. Sasha relished in the tickling feeling of Martinez's beard, moaning the whole time.

Martinez pulled up and took of his jacket and shirt, revealing his expansive chest. His pecs were covered in a nice fur pelt. On his right arm and pec was a tribal tattoo.

"Oh wow" Sasha said, mouth agape. "You are so beautiful."

"Thanks baby, I've never had any complaints from a guy." Martinez smiled. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a condom and some lubricant.

"How long have you been planning this?" Sasha giggled.

"Since you showed me that ass of yours." Martinez smiled, smacking it.

Sasha laughed, grabbing Martinez's dog tags to pull him into another kiss. Martinez's hands found their way to Sasha's ass and squeezed. Sasha ran his hands through the army hat on Martinez's head.

"Pull it out." Sasha demanded.

"Tsk tsk, you are getting impatient." Martinez laughed. He stood up from the bed and opened his fly to reveal his thick 11 inch cock. "I never wear underwear." He told Sasha.

"Oh my gosh, I'm so glad you don't. How do you even walk with that? You are so fucking huge." Sasha marveled.

"You like?" Martinez laughed, flexing.

"Very much so." Sasha smiled. He made his way over to Martinez's crotch. He wanted this for so long, and now here it was, right in front of him. Also, Martinez was bigger in every way than any of his other lovers before.

He pulled Martinez's hard cock out of his pants, letting it bounce. Martinez grabbed his cock, loving the sight of Sasha on his knees, about to be stretched by his fat cock. He smacked Sasha in the face with his cock, causing him to giggle.

"You ready to take this dick, little guy." Martinez smiled.

Sasha's only response was to grab Martinez's dick and to start sucking it. He teased the large head with his tongue, lapping up Martinez's precum.

"Yummy" Sasha giggled. He placed the dick back in his mouth and began to suck at a slow pace. This teasing pace did not sit well with Martinez.

"Just get to it already." Martinez said, shoving his dick into Sasha's throat.

Sasha gagged on the large cock as it hit the back of his throat. Saliva pooled from the side of his mouth as Martinez worked his fat tool in and out at a fast pace. 

"Damn baby, I love to hear you gag." Martinez smiled, thrusting harder.

He ripped his dick out of Sasha's mouth with awesome force. He slapped Sasha's face before pulling him into a bruising kiss.

"Bend over." Martinez demanded.

Sasha quickly obliged, showing Martinez his clothed ass. Martinez roughly pulled down Sasha's pants and underwear to get to his ass.

"Perfect" Martinez smiled, sticking two of his fingers into Sasha's mouth. "Lick them" He demanded.

Sasha wetted the two fingers in his mouth, savoring the taste of Martinez in his mouth. And once Martinez felt that his fingers were wet enough, he pulled them out and stuck them up Sasha's ass, causing him to let out a loud moan.

Martinez was clearly talented at this part of sex. He used his fingers to stretch out Sasha, even adding a few fingers until all five of them were embedded inside of Sasha. Sasha was getting hot and flustered with Martinez's fingers inside of him.

"You look so hot, baby. I think you are ready to take it inside you. What do you think?" Martinez asked.

"Please" Sasha begged, looking up at him with puppy dog eyes.

"I can't resist that face." Martinez smiled, starting to pull down his pants.

"No, keep it all on." Sasha said.

"I see, you want to get fucked by a true army man." Martinez laughed.

"Yeah" Sasha smiled.

Martinez pulled Sasha's ass towards him and began sliding his big cock between Sasha's large cheeks. After a couple thrusts, he slammed his fat cock inside of Sasha.

"Oh damn, you are fucking tight." Martinez said. His big cock was stretching Sasha's anal walls. He closed his eyes in bliss, enjoying the warm heat he was thrusting into.

Sasha was enjoying the fat cock stretching him. He looked up into the mirror on the wall and smiled. He saw that he looked like a wreck, writhing on Martinez. Martinez looked proud and strong, his arms pulling Sasha back and forth along his enormous member. His dog tag was bouncing on his furry pecs. A look of pure bliss was slapped across his strong, handsome face.

"Ungh...faster" Sasha moaned.

"You want that slut? Me to completely ravish you right here?" Martinez asked.

"Please" Sasha begged.

"You asked for it." Martinez smiled. He increased his thrusts, ruthlessly pounding into the small teen. His humongous balls slapping Sasha's tight ass. Martinez grabbed Sasha's hair, pulling his head up, and licking his neck. 

This was heaven for Sasha. A rough, strong stud was destroying his asshole. Screw his old body guard, Sasha had an even better man, one that was roughly taking him doggie style.

Suddenly, the door swung open to reveal Allen, Chase, Hutak, Whittmore, and Fowler standing there. Each of them smiled watching Martinez's rough screwing of Sasha's tight hole.

"What the hell?!" Sasha exclaimed in surprise.

Martinez smiled, removing his dick from Sasha's abused hole. The momentum made it swing like a baseball bat.

"Hey men" Martinez smiled.

"I'm glad to see that you are getting some ass." Allen smiled back.

"He looks absolutely wrecked." Whittmore said.

"What is going on?" Sasha asked.

"As you probably have realized, Sasha, we are a brotherhood. And one thing that brothers do is share their toys." Allen responded, with a wicked grin on his face.

"We love gangbanging cute, slutty boys." Chase grinned.

"Are you okay with this?" Martinez asked.

"Am I okay? Getting six, strong soldier cocks inside me is a new fantasy. I want to realize it now." Sasha smiled, seductively.

"Good, let's get ready men." Allen ordered.

They all began to strip down to their army pants, dog tags, and hat, just like Martinez. At least, they all did except Hutak.

"Hutak, you joining us?" Chase asked.

"I can't do this to my wife. I'm sorry guys, I can't do it." Hutak said.

"Oh come on Hutak, you never complained when the five of us rail your ass. You should be glad I am letting you top tonight." Allen said.

"Fine" Hutak agreed, stripping down like the others.

Sasha took the time to admire each of the bodies in front of him. Hutak was the smallest of them and completely hairless. His 6 inch cock stood proud and erect. Chase had a light crop of hair on his arms and legs and an 8 inch cock. Whittmore was clean shaven, except for his legs, and he also had an 8 inch cock. Fowler was hairy everywhere. He also had a 9 inch cock. Then their was Allen, easily the largest of them mass wise. And boy, did he not disappoint Sasha out of his clothes. Like Martinez, he had a tattoo along his arm. His chest had a large coating of grey fur that made Sasha drool. But the best part was his 12 inch cock nestled in a dense forest of pubic hair with ginormous balls.

"Wow" Sasha mustered. These men were beautiful. And they were all his.

Sasha did not know where to start first with the men. He stood up and began kissing Allen, who in turn began massaging Sasha's cheeks. The men watched their display, stroking their hard ons in the excitement of getting a new toy to play with.

"So how is this going to work?" Sasha asked.

"Well, the plan is to have you all night. So, we all want a chance at your ass. But, you have a mouth and two hands, so we can all get a turn at each." Martinez smiled.

"I want you and Allen in my ass." Sasha demanded.

Martinez smiled and laid back down on the bed, with Sasha climbing on top of him. Sasha slid back down onto Martinez's cock, meeting a powerful thrust into his ass. 

Allen climbed onto the bed in front of Sasha, stroking his huge, hard cock. Sasha opened his mouth, allowing Allen's member to slide in. Both men thrusted in and out of both ends of Sasha. Their rough thrusts made it look like they were trying to destroy him.

Fowler climbed up onto the bed and took a place next to Sasha. Sasha reached out and grabbed Fowler's hairy cock and began striking it and a fast pace, eliciting moans from the larger man.

Sasha pulled Allen's cock out of his mouth. He began to lick up and down the massive member, teasing the thick head. He eventually moved down to Allen's large, low hangers. Sasha took them into his mouth one at a time and began to suck, savoring the sweaty taste.
