 "Hmmmmmmm" I let out a little moan of satisfaction as his masculine aroma invaded my senses as I let my face came closer to his crotch.

"You like that, Tommy?" he asked as he looked down at me with a smile on his face. "You like the smell of my crotch?"

"Oh gosh yes Uncle Lucas it smell good." I confessed as I brought my face even closer and inhaled hungrily once more.

"Good then I won't mind if you put your face right in there." he said firmly as he took hold of my head and pushed it into the warm crease between his thigh and groin.

It felt hot as my face was pressed against his warm flesh. I could feel his cock lying against my cheek as my nose was buried into the soft skin of his hot balls.

"There you go Tommy, you should be able to smell me real good with your face press right in there." he said as I felt his hands release my head. "Now I want you to do something good with your sweet little tongue. I want you to take your time licking me there before I let you worship my cock."

I felt a little shudder of desire go through me as this beautiful man's spread his legs and let me devour his big majestic cock with my eyes.

"Yes Yes Uncle Lucas." I said softly as I slid out my tongue out and started to take long loving swipes across his abdomen.

The stubbly skin of his trimmed groin felt funny under my tongue as I slowly licked and laved away at his exposed skin and his thin bush.

I could taste a little bit of his warm salty sweat as I licked along the soft crease where his leg met his torso.

I slowly bathed the whole area above and around his virile manhood with my warm flowing saliva making the area slick with my saliva.

"Now you can lick here Tommy." he said as he reached down and lifted his heavy relaxed cock and laid it up along his abdomen.

He motioned towards his relaxed ball sack and I looked down at those huge egg-balls contained within it that I hoped were surging with a fresh load of milky semen just for me.

His ball sack was lying on the sheets with his balls resting within the protective sack. I moved closer and wiggle my tongue out as I slid it lovingly over the warm silky surface.

It felt so amazingly soft and the same time warm under my tongue as I licked over every square inch as I nuzzled my whole face all around that soft warm silky bag, all the while licking and nibbling on it tenderly.

There was more of his manly sweat and musk beneath it and I lifted his heavy balls gently in my milky hands and ran my tongue all around the soft tender skin on the underside of his balls.

"Now Tommy I want you to take those balls into your mouth one at a time." he said. He didn't really have to tell me to take just one at a time, there was no way both of them would have ever fit in my mouth together.

I pressed my mouth against the silky soft skin and opened my lips as wide as I could get them and then kind of softly sucked one of those big swollen nuts into my mouth.

I felt the incredible weight of it moving inside the protective sack as it settled on my tongue. "Fuck yes Tommy, that's it!" he said softly as he looked down at me slavishly sucking on his milky cum-filled balls.

"Give those baby a nice warm tongue bath Tommy." I used my tongue to cover his balls with more spit. "OH fuck yeah Tommy that's it!." He let out a soft groan as I rolled the big round nut all around inside my mouth.

I drew on it softly with a gentle sucking motion and let him feel the insistent tug as I moved my mouth slightly backwards.

I then swirled my tongue all around that milky sperm-filled nuts and coated it liberally with my warm gooey saliva.

I let that ball slip softly out of my mouth and repeated the procedure with his other one. I gently switched from one ball to the other as I pleasured them for time to time.

"Okay Tommy time to work on my cock." he said. I let the spit-coated ball in my mouth slip out and settle back onto the sheet beneath him. I could already see the darker wet stain on the sheet where my saliva had slid down off his body making the sheet damp with my saliva.

I lifted my head slightly and could see that his cock had become partially hard and swollen while I had been working on his balls.

It lay across his abdomen like a long fat snake, just waiting to play with its prey. I leaned forward and pressed my tongue against the base of his his hard silky shaft and started to lick upwards.

"Fuck Yes Tommy. Just take your time and let me feel that sweet tongue of yours all over my cock." I slowly licked all around the base of his mighty shaft and then started to work my way upwards. 

I could feel his hot hard shaft stiffening and thickening as I kissed, licked and sucked at his hardening erection. 

As he had instructed me I took my time and was thrilled to see that by the time I got just beneath the broad crimson knob, his magnificent cock was sticking straight up, hard as a rock.

I sat back slightly and looked at the beautiful throbbing shaft, shining with a glossy coating of my warm spit. 

I saw a noticeable throb go through his long thick cock and a silky gob of pre-cum pulsed from the gaping red eye at the very tip and started to run sluggishly down the inverted "V" on the underside of his cock as he continue to sit at the table in front of me..

"There's a little milky sample for you Tommy." he said as he looked down at me with a sinfully wicked smile on his face. 

I lean forward and pressed my tongue against the wide throbbing shaft just below the sliding drop of pre-cum. 

When I felt the silky fluid hit the surface of my tongue, I ran it slowly upwards gathering it all up on my tongue.

"Hmmmmmmmm...." I groan as my tongue touched the spongy membranes of his cock head. I closed my lips in a pursed kiss around the oozing eye and sucked.

"Oh yeah! Fuck that feel's good Tommy!" Uncle Lucas said with a groan as I let the tip of my searching tongue tease into the hot red opening of his piss-slit. 

Once I got a taste of his warm silky juice, there was no stopping me. With my mouth pressed against the hot pebbly surface of his cock head, I let my lips follow the inviting slopes of the wide long cap down until my stretched lips slid over the pronounced ridge of his corona. 

I could barely fit the whole knob into my mouth but I sucked and licked as best as I knew how. His pre-cum continued to flow onto my waiting tongue and I wrapped both hands around his thick veined shaft and started pumping them up and down in unison as my hungry mouth bobbed up and down.

"Slow down Tommy." he said in a strain yet husky voice. "Don't worry baby I'll make sure you get that big milky mouthful you're waiting for. Just slow down you can keep doing what you're doing for now, but I want you to just take it nice and slow." He kind of wriggled back and settled further into the table for the next twenty minutes. 

He showed me how he liked me to stop my hand movements while I gave his engorged cock-head a warm swirling bath in my spit. Then he showed me how he liked to see me slowly pump a gob of his warm fluid all the way up that long 11 inched shaft until it slurp out the tip as I waited with my mouth open for it to ooze out onto my tongue.

I could tell that my lips were swollen and they felt stretched and sore from the number of times I'd had them on and off that thick hard erection of his. 

His stiff upright cock was just glistening with a fine coating of my spit and I could see my wet saliva mixed with his pre-cum dripping down in his huge cock down to his big egg shape round balls. 

Then he suddenly took out his hard pole out of my mouth and poise them in my lips as he slowly brush them with his slick dick head.

"What is it Tommy.." he said as he drew his flowing pre-cum teasingly all around my swollen pouting lips. "Is there something you want?"

"Oh please Uncle Lucas..." I said in a pleading tone. I looked at him with a lustful look of desire in my eyes.

"What is it? What is it you want?" He asked in mock seriousness as he rubbed the very tip all around my full bottom lip.

"Oh please Uncle Lucas..." I was begging now. "I....I need it."

"What is it you need baby??" he asked again.

"Your milky cum Uncle Lucas. Please can I have it now? I've tried to be good." I was almost whimpering with need as my tongue flicked out and drew the warm silky fluid coating my lips into my mouth.

"Okay but I'm putting this some were else OK? You deserve another load later in your mouth." he said with a wry smile."But as for now you can continue to suck me." 

I dove onto his cock and slid my lips as far down on that tremendous cock as I could. I still wasn't even halfway down! I wrapped both hands around the velvety smooth shaft and started pumping the outer sheath back and forth. 

I pushed a mouthful of saliva to the front of my mouth and let it run out the corners of my mouth and down his pulsing shaft as I started to bob my head up and down on the huge inflamed knob. 

I relished in the delightful tingling feeling of the warm friction between the hard silky surface of his glans and my soft full lips. 

My hands were sliding easily up and down that rigid thick shaft as my lubricating spit and his pre-cum flowed down beneath my little fingers.

"Oh fuck yeah Tommy! Just a little more!!!" he said between ragged breaths. Like I had done earlier, I tighten my fingers around his skin at the base of that stallion-like cock.

"OH FUCK TOMMY! OH JESUS HERE IT COMES!!!" he took out his cock out of my greedy mouth and pointed it directly at my bowl of cereal as he jack off his cock in front of it. 

He grunted loudly and then I felt the first thick rope of cum jet out. The initial blast of his cum was massive and I could see my mouth of the bowl filling rapidly. 

A second and third ropey blast followed and I felt the incredible load of thick semen slashed out of him landed more at the filling bowl.

"Oh my God." I gasped as the warm musky flavor filled my senses. Even as he continued to shoot, I could smell his strong masculine flavor hovering the air. 

I could feel his engorged shaft throbbing and pulsing beneath his jacking fingers as the huge crimson knob ejaculated again and again into the filling cereal bowl. 

My mouth watered as I watch his warm milky seed as he continued to unload onto my cereal bowl. He pump and pump until he had absolutely drained himself of every drop that he could let out. 

I could feel my own little cock hard as a rock between my legs and when his spent shaft finally started to slowly deflate in his hands and sat back at the table. 

We both looked down at my throbbing shaft and I reached down to help myself achieve a much-needed release.

"Yeah well now that done. I've had something here that you need to take care for that you might like." I lifted my head and looked over my shoulder at Uncle Lucas sit back at the table in front of me. 

My eyes leered down on his massive cock, still fully erect and bobbing menacingly as it pointed up at about a 45 degree angle from his muscular body. 

I could see a long strand of pre-cum drooling from the tip all the way down the table. I could feel myself salivating with need already and my tongue ran out and ran around my lips unconsciously. 

I move myself and sit in front of him and started to move hypnotically towards that gorgeous throbbing 11 inch cock of his.

"That's my good boy, I've got a couple more for you before you eat you breakfast." he pointed down at the milky cum filled cereal bowl. 

I felt a shudder of desire go through me as I wondered how he was going to feed me more of his milky cum. 

My eyes was drawn to that glistening web of silky pre-cum dangling right at his cock head as I extended my tongue as I crept closer and closer.

"Easy there babe." Sven said with a warning tone to his voice, just as I was about to stick my tongue into that drooling strand of seed.

I'd turned over to see his long majestic cock drooling pre-cum badly in need of my sucking lips. I looked up at him imploringly, anxious to get his milky cum into my mouth. 

I watched him wrap his big mitt around that thrusting long cock of his and start stroking it. The warm slick corridor of his hand soon had that tremendous cock glistening with a shimmering coating of my spit and his cum. 

As he stroked that beautiful hard cock, he moved it around so the silky strand of pre-cum was drizzling all over my face.

"Oh God..." I wisper in pleasure as the soft warm fluid started to cover my face.

"You like that Tommy?" he asked as he continued to pump out a continuous flow of the milky goo all over me.

"Oh yes! I love it Uncle Lucas!" I said softly as I looked up at that shimmering web connecting the inflamed tip of his cock to my face.

"Yeah I can see that your drooling for it." he said as he started to stroke more vigorously at his throbbing erection. "Would you like a little more?"

"Oh yes! Please Uncle Lucas!" I said as I watched his hand move more rapidly along the glistening shaft of his rigid erection.

"Yeah I think it's time to give that pretty little face of yours a little full paint job." he said as he raised himself off his haunches onto his knees and pointed the tip of his inflamed cock downwards. 

A Little Full Paint Job? What does he mean by that? My mind was full of questions but I'm was so focus on his throbbing cock head that my thoughts became blank.

I looked up at the drooling pre-cum oozing from his pis-slit down onto my face and eagerly licked my lips in anticipation of what I knew was going to come out of it. 

His hand had taken on a smooth insistent motion that he was pounding his slick cock up and down in front of my face that I could see from the engorged red crown that he was ready to shoot.

"OH FUCK TOMMY!!! HERE MORE FIR YOU!!! FUCK!!!" he said with a loud groan and then I watched a milky white gob fill the end of his piss-slit for just a split second before the first thick ropey strand jet out of him. It almost felt painful as it smashed forcefully into my cheek and spread out over my skin.

"OH YES!" I said with a little hiss as the second rope shot forward as he directed it over my nose and onto my other cheek. 

I could feel the warm masculine fluid clinging comfortingly to my skin as he continued to unload all over my face. 

"OH FUCK YEAH!!!" he groan as a large gob filled up one eye socket as I instinctively closed my eye. Through the other eye, I watched as he moved the spitting knob of his cock all around my face. 

I felt the silky fluid continue to rain down upon me as he absolutely flooded my young skin with his warm creamy semen. 

His stroking hand moved the ejaculating knob all around as he continued to deposit his milky seed over as much of my face as he could.

"Oh fuck yeah...I think you got it all." he finally said as I watched through my one good eye as he took a last slow firm stroke from the base all the way to the tip and flicked the last drop down onto my lips. 

"Stay just like that Tommy I want to take a couple of pictures of this." I lay still with the comforting feeling of his thick cum coating my face. 

There was so much, I could literally feel the weight of it. I loved the feeling of his milky semen upon my skin it made me feel so special.

As I sit there blissfully relishing in contentment, I watched as he reached out grabbed a digital camera from the table (that I didn't notice that it was there at all.) and leaned over me. 

As he turned on his camera and looked down at me, I could feel a couple of strands of his pearly seed start to run down the sides of my face into my hair and down my chin onto my neck.

CLICK! FLASH! CLICK! FLASH! CLICK! FLASH! I listened to the sounds of the camera as he moved all around my prone form and took picture after picture. 

He stood in front of me with his feet on either side of me and took some pictures like that before dropping back to his knees and moving in for some real close-ups.

I watched through my one good eye as he reached forward with his big hand and started sliding his fingers through the thick goo covering my face. "Yeah, it looks like I covered most of it let's just make sure we get this good stuff everywhere for you." 

I felt his fingers slide into my overflowing eye-socket and scoop up the heavy gob he'd deposited there. It felt absolutely luxurious as he took his cum-coated fingers and started to spread the silky cream all around my face. 

I felt his fingers run over my forehead and slide through the slippery cum as he covered every last square inch that he hadn't covered with his initial blast.

I was able to open my second eye now and watched him look down at me approvingly as his fingers slid all around my cheeks, nose, chin, lips, hairline absolutely everywhere as he smoothed the warm silky cream all over my face.

"Good, now just leave that cum on your face. It'll do you good." he said as he looked over the silvery gobs of his semen still clinging to my glistening face. 

"OK you can eat your cereal now." he said with a smile on his face as he look down at me.

"Thanks Uncle Lucas." I smiled back at him as I took my spoon and watch my corn flakes already coated with his milky cum.

I slowly dipped my spoon down at my cum coated cereal and lift it up to my face. I could smell his musky scent as I took it closer into my aching mouth.

Slowly I parted my lips as I took the spoon into my hungry mouth. I groan as I taste Uncle Lucas milky seed mixed with my favorite cereal as I continue to devour my food.

I could feel Uncle Lucas gaze as he continue to look at me. I could feel my face lighten up as I continue to munch my cum coated cereal into my mouth.

"So you like that Tommy huh?" he asked me when I was finish eating my "Breakfast".

"Yes Uncle Lucas, it taste good. I love it very much!" I said.

"So you like to eat your breakfast with my cum then?" he asked me.

"Yes Uncle Lucas, I'll do anything just to eat your cum." I said shyly at him.

He smiled down at me then he moved his left hand under my chin lifting my face to face him. "So are you still hungry Tommy?" he asked.

I look down as I watch his semi hard cock start to filled with blood as a small drop of pre-cum drip down at his pis slit.

"Ohh yes Uncle Lucas...I'm still hungry for more...." with a smile Uncle Lucas grab me and hang me right into his muscular shoulders and carry me strait to his bed room....

To be continued...