 CHAPTER FOURTEEN: Bobby

Tommy awoke each day feeling the powerful heat of Thor's body pressed against him. Whose hard cock was pressed into the other's back changed, but each felt the delight in their mutual desire. There were nights when they talked long into the night and fell asleep in the simple joy of each other's company. More frequently they enjoyed and exhausted each other making love. 

One night, after a particularly rambunctious session of sex, Thor placed both his hands around Tommy's cock and balls. "You know, we make a big deal about my cock, but I hope you realize how very special this cock in my hands is. I never fooled around much, but other than my own cock, I've never found one as large and as beautiful as this. It is my delight to see it, to hold it, to suck it, and definitely to be fucked by it. There's nothing but pleasure from any cock, but a rare one like this, well, its pleasure without any compromise."

"I never really thought about it like that. Most guys are average, that's what average means. I didn't think that you'd like a big dick, just like I do," Tommy replied with a grin.

***

The school year progressed and Tommy took on greater and greater responsibility as teaching assistant. His own course work went well, many of the books found in his study helped in his studies. He spent most evenings working in his study, Thor often worked late at the gym. His role had expanded at the gym as Mike made plans to retire.

To help in running the gym, Thor had hired a young man who spent every spare moment at the gym, Bobby. The gym had become a haven for the troubled youth while still in high school. Thor welcomed his enthusiasm for working out and found odd jobs for him to do in lieu of membership fees. That Bobby admired Thor was evident to all - except Thor. He saw Bobby as just a good kid he was pleased to help out. Bobby hung on Thor's every word, followed him around the gym, leaping at every opportunity to help.

One morning during their shared work out, Tommy said to Thor, "You're puppy must be late today?"

"Huh?"

"Oh Thor, surely you've noticed Bobby."

"Bobby? Yeah, he's a great kid. What of it?"

"Thor, Thor, Thor...you'd better be careful there. He's got a crush on you so bad it hurts, and I just might get jealous," Tommy teased.

"What? What are you talking about?"

Bobby came into the gym and walked directly up to Thor, "Guess what? Next Friday is my birthday. I'll be eighteen. You know, legal."

Thor sat up amazed. Tommy poked him in the ribs. Thor managed to say, "And I need to know that why? Are you asking for a raise?"

"No, Thor, I thought, that maybe, well I've got something to ask, but I don't know how you'll take it." Bobby stared at his shoes.

"Forgive me, Thor, but this young man looks and sounds a lot like someone I know very well," Tommy chided. "Bobby, between the pair of you, if you don't just out with it, we'll all be too old to do anything about it."

"Ok, I know you two have a really tight thing going, and I respect that, I really do. Its just that, well, I'm gay and I really wanted, since I first met you Thor, and not just because you're so good looking or anything, but because you're so decent to me and all, well I just wanted you to be the first, no offence Tommy."

"The first?" Thor puzzled.

"Wake up lunkhead, he wants you to pop his cherry," Tommy filled him in, exasperated. "And Bobby, be careful what you ask for."

Bobby stood blushing to his toes.

"Is that right, Bobby?" Thor asked.

Bobby just nodded.

Thor was dumbfounded. Tommy was amused. Here was this cute kid, his body showing all the benefits Thor's guidance could give, asking for Thor to fuck him. 

"Bobby, don't you want to do this with someone more your own age."

"Hell no. Any kid I've gotten it on with is all about sucking and getting off and getting away. I really want it to be different than that, with someone I admire - and it doesn't hurt that he's about the best looking hunk in town," Bobby added.

"Jeez, Bobby, I'm flattered and all, but I'm with Tommy." Thor seemed to be searching for a way, any way to get away.

"Bobby, would you excuse us for a moment?" Tommy took Thor by the arm and into Thor's private office. "Look Thor, I'm not jealous. I love you, and I know you love me. And you give me all the pleasure I've ever imagined, and a lot more - if you know what I mean." Tommy winked. Thor was still distressed. "I think our relationship won't be harmed if this is something you want to do. Frankly, I have to admire the kid's good sense, and good taste." Another wink.

Thor squirmed in his chair. He felt honored by Bobby's attention. He also wanted to protect his relationship with Tommy. "Tommy, I'm not comfortable with this, not doing it alone."

"I get you, big guy, we could do it together." Tommy stepped to the door, "Bobby, could you come in here?"

The young man walked into the office. Thor was standing on one side of the small room, Tommy on the other side. Bobby looked from one to the other with a question on his face.

"Bobby," started Thor. "Bobby, Tommy is my partner, he owns my heart and he's all I desire." Bobby's face fell. "I also think you're a pretty cool kid, uh man. And though, truthfully, I hadn't noticed much before, you're pretty hot. Well, I appreciate your asking me, but I really couldn't do it without my partner."

It took a while for this to sink in for Bobby. 

"You mean, I could do it with both of you? No way! I mean that's fantastic. I was afraid to ask just you, Thor, but Tommy, too? Just wait until I brag to the guys about getting it on with the two hottest studs in the city."

"Whoa there, Bobby." Tommy interjected. "First, this is a very personal, private thing. It might not be the experience you think it will be. It's better kept just among us. And secondly, who says we're the hottest studs in the city."

"What do you mean, 'who says? That's the way Mike refers to you all the time. I even read a quote of his in the gay rags about you. Where have you guys been?"

Suddenly, all the comments Tommy had heard in the university's gay students group made sense. Tommy pushed those thoughts from his head.

"Well I think we should take it slow," suggested Tommy. "We can have dinner at my place, maybe try out the Jacuzzi, then see what we want to do." Tommy remembered his first time with Billy. Then he remembered his first time with Thor. Yeah, take it real slow.

"And Bobby, if it's not what you expect, or it's not going how you want, we can stop."

"I can't wait, damn, it's forever until Friday." Bobby bounced out of the office.

"Well, Thor, it looks like we have a party to plan. Somehow, I think we should keep this one private from Hopkins and Mrs. Hopkins." 

***

Friday came and despite how long the hours seemed to Bobby, the time to go to Tommy's came. Bobby was ringing the doorbell at 7 PM sharp. Tommy and Thor waited in the sitting room. Hopkins let Bobby in and directed him to Tommy's flat. The young man raced up the stairs three at a time. He spotted Tommy and Thor at the door of the sitting room and walked toward them.

"I'm glad you're here, Bobby," Thor said, wrapping him into a strong hug. 

Tommy stepped behind Bobby and closed the hug around him. "I'm glad you're here, too."

Bobby's reply was muffled. He a few inches shorter than the two older men and pressed between their chests. 

"Dinner is ready, are you hungry?" Tommy asked.

"You bet, but not necessarily for food," winked Bobby.

Tommy opened the pocket doors and ushered Bobby, seating him on the end of the table, with Thor and himself at his sides. Tommy served the meal. Bobby wolfed down the food in his excitement. Thor was only a forkful behind him. Tommy purposely dawdled, teasing them both.

"I think that this has been a lovely evening, just as it is. If you want to go, Bobby, that would be fine."

"Are you trying to get rid of me? I can't wait to just see you guys naked. And I'm all about getting hot and sweaty," Bobby replied in excitement.

Tommy archly suggested dessert and was met by impatient glances by both Bobby and Thor. "Very well, then, shall we repair to the boudoir?" All three bolted through the door and down the hall. 

A spirit of fun was in the air.

Bobby was naked in a heartbeat, his clothes flung around the room. Both Thor and Tommy stopped part way during disrobing to admire the young man's body. His cock was already ragingly hard. Bobby's eyes ranged from one man to the other. Thor was truly a muscled god and that bulge in his underwear was impressive. Tommy was leaner, muscular but more cut, a smaller frame than Thor and where Thor must shave almost his entire body, Tommy's chest was nicely patterned with dark hair. His butt and legs were very hairy, too. Tommy's cock was half hard as he dropped his boxers, the sight of which caused Bobby to catch his breath. 

"Get into the bed," Tommy told Bobby. 

He and Thor then approached from opposite sides of the bed. Thor still wore his boxers, only scooting them off after he was under the sheet. 

The two men snuggled against Bobby. He felt the heat of their bodies, the various textures of their skin and hair. Then Tommy and Thor began to work on Bobby. Both started kissing and touching, teasing and pinching, their hands and mouths ranged over his body. Bobby had no idea which man was touching him where, all he knew was that he was in heaven. He gasped as, simultaneously, tongues lapped his two nipples. The next moment his cock was sucked greedily into a mouth and another mouth engulfed his balls. It continued, building excitement and surprise until Bobby screamed out, "Enough, you guys are going to make me cum and I'm not ready yet."

"We just wanted to make sure you felt comfortable with us," Thor said innocently. 

"I think its time. I really want you to fuck me, Thor."

Thor took Bobby's hand and placed it on his engorged cock. He felt the hand wrap around it, then felt Bobby's other hand on his cock. The hands played over it length. Bobby gulped. "I want this night to be special for you, Bobby, and for you to have everything you desire, but I think it will go better if you start with Tommy. Is that okay with you, Tommy?" Thor spoke gently, his words soothing.

Bobby was very still. Thor broke the silence, "I have an idea." Thor rolled onto his front, adjusting his cock beneath him. "Bobby, I want you to enter me, to fuck me. Tommy, when he's comfortable, you enter Bobby. We'll all go slowly. Remember this is supposed to be fun and enjoyable." 

Bobby, with the ever present hardness of youth, snuggled onto Thor's back. Tommy lubed Bobby's cock and helped ease it into Thor. While not overly long, Bobby's cock had a nice thickness. Tommy could make out a smile on Thor's face. As Bobby slowly thrust in and out of Thor, Tommy began to massage Bobby's back and ass. 

"Bobby? Are you ready?" Tommy assumed the yummy noises coming from Bobby meant yes. He took a large dollop of lube on his hand and began to work it into Bobby's hole, first with on finger, then with two. Bobby's happy noises continued. Tommy spread his fingers, trying to stretch the tight opening. Still happy sounds from Bobby. Tommy knelt behind Bobby and pressed his cock into the now wet hole. Bobby took in a sharp breath. Thor clenched his ass on Bobby's cock, distracting Bobby and Tommy slipped deeper into Bobby. 

"Oh, oh, I didn't know it would feel like this," Bobby moaned. Tommy froze, worried that Bobby was hurting. Then Bobby began to move between them, grinding against Thor, then grinding back against Tommy.

"Oh, yeah, Bobby, fuck me," encouraged Thor.

Tommy pressed deeper as Bobby moved beneath him, gently countering Bobby's thrusts into Thor. While a little awkward coordinating his movements with the other two men, the pleasure was undeniable.

Suddenly Bobby stopped moving. "I think I can take you now, Thor. I want to try. I want you in me when I cum."

Tommy kissed Bobby's back and slowly withdrew. Bobby did the same to Thor, then got on his hands and knees, exchanging places. Tommy lubed Thor's cock, then took extra lube and lying next to Bobby, reached under and began to stroke his cock. Thor's face was a mixture of excitement and concern. He eased his cock against Bobby's ass and was surprised to feel Bobby pushing back against him. The combination of being loosened by Tommy and now Tommy's distracting attention on his dick allowed Thor to push into Bobby's hole. Bobby closed his eyes and concentrated on relaxing, this cock so much thicker than Tommy's. 

Tommy lay on his back stroking Bobby's cock, watching as Thor slowly, gently worked his way in. In the soft light he observed how alike Thor and Bobby looked. Though Thor was a much larger man, Bobby was similarly proportioned and his musculature was developing much like Thor's. Their faces showed that they were at the same point of ecstasy; eyes closed, lips softly smiling, minds turning inward.

Bobby's face then changed as his orgasm approached. His eyes closed more tightly, his mouth opened as he grabbed at breath. Thor was a few seconds behind him. Tommy kept stroking Bobby's cock, feeling it surge and pulse in his hand. He watched as the muscles of Bobby's body began to clench, first his chest, then his legs, then his abdomen. Thor grabbed on to Bobby, pulling against him pushing deeper. 

Bobby began to gasp and moan. His face smoothed, yet his body tightened further and Tommy felt the orgasm burst from his cock. Thor echoed each sound and movement, also releasing in orgasm. Tommy was enraptured, able to observe his lover's extreme moment and yet be one step removed. It was the most beautiful sight. 

Tommy reached for a towel and cleaned the cum off the still heaving bodies. He got up to take the towel into the bathroom and rinse it out. When he returned, he saw the charming sight of Bobby, snuggled against Thor's broad back, both already asleep. Tommy smiled then getting into the bed and snuggling against Bobby softly whispered, "Happy Birthday, Bobby."

***

Something jostled Tommy. Something tickled and teased his left nipple. "Whaaaat?" Tommy was still thick with sleep.

"Tommy, Tommy," a voice crooned in his ear. "Come on Tommy, wake up. Bobby and I want to play." Thor's voice was indeed playful. "Bobby, today's game is - Let's Make Tommy Cum."

Tommy struggled to wake up. With no warning, four hands and two mouths began an assault on his body. From his ears to his toes, kisses, nips, and pinches teased him. Two tongues lapped and licked on his knees, up his thighs, one taking on his cock, the other his balls. On and on went the sweet torture. Then the familiar feeling of Thor's lips on his was augmented by the feeling of lips on his cock. Thor kept kissing, the other lips and tongue went wild on his cock. Tommy struggled for breath, Thor kept kissing, the mouth on his cock kept sucking. Tommy's back arched, Thor pressed down with his lips, and Tommy came enormously into the sucking mouth.

Tommy lay for a while recovering, Thor and someone else, oh yes, Bobby, were chuckling gleefully. 

"Well that was wild," Tommy managed after a time. 

"I couldn't understand how Thor could be kissing me and sucking me at the same time. I'm sorry, Bobby, but I was so deeply asleep, I forgot you were here."

Bobby bounced on the bed like a puppy. "This has been the best birthday I ever had. I can't wait to play with you guys again."

Thor cuffed him. "This was a special time, not a steady thing."

"Oh, I have a boyfriend. I just had to have you, Thor. I can't believe I got to have Tommy, too. It's been unbelievable. And you both made my first fuck so incredible. I can't wait to tell Brad and try stuff with him." Bobby bounded from the bed and helped himself to a shower.

Thor fell into Tommy's arms laughing. They lay together, kissing and necking. Bobby emerged from the bathroom in a towel, still wet. "Isn't this a pretty site? The two most gorgeous guys, ever, making out. If I didn't already love Brad, I'd sure be in love with you guys. Can't I brag about this to anyone? I've got to tell someone, or I'll bust. Not even Brad?"

"I suppose secrets between lovers aren't a good idea, but I want this to be special among us, not a sleazy orgy, and I don't want any advertising. I'm with Tommy. Last night was great, but Tommy's all I really want." Thor was gentle, but serious.

Bobby pulled on his clothes, then leapt onto the bed kissing both men. He tossed a 'thanks again, you guys are amazing' over his shoulder as he went out the door. Tommy asked, "Should we call Brad and warn him about what's coming?"

"Nah, let him enjoy Bobby's surprise," Thor laughed. He then attacked Tommy with a thousand kisses.

 

CHAPTER FIFTEEN: Tommy and Thor: Life as a Couple

Their lives settled into a loving routine. Most mornings Tommy and Thor worked out in the gym together. They developed a circle of friends from the gym and enjoyed casual get-togethers and sports filled weekends with them. Thor worked on improving Mike's gym and training clients from professional body builders to novices. 

Tommy's life was centered on the university where he took graduate classes, assisted a professor, and began teaching some classes. This occupied most afternoons and evenings. He was popular with students and faculty and was often invited to dinners and events at the university. He always took Thor. While Thor's education had focused on sport and fitness, and although he was not an engaging conversationalist he listened intently and was welcomed by academics all too willing to talk. 

One evening, the head of the Literature Department held a cocktail party for all the faculty and graduate students. Tommy was pleased to attend and took Thor, who was by now a familiar figure on the campus. 

Thor excused himself to find a restroom. Tommy noticed that Thor had been gone a long time and went looking for him. Tommy went through a door into what turned out to be the kitchen. Thor jumped from behind a counter and grabbed Tommy in a hug and kissed his face and neck. Tommy pretended to swoon with passion. A gasp from behind them caused them to jump. Mrs. Dean, the Literature Department head's wife muttered, "Oh, excuse me," and fled the room. 

Thor's face had a worried look. "Damn, what if I've just fucked up your place at the university?"

"Thor, I love you, one day it had to come out. It might as well be now. I won't be ashamed of you or what we share." Tommy spoke with conviction, but deep inside he shared Thor's worry.

The following Monday, Tommy found a note requesting him to see Dr. Dean, the department head. "I won't be worried," Tommy tried to convince himself.

He entered Dr. Dean's office, a clutter of books and papers. "Ah, Thomas, do come in. Sit down." Tommy cleared a chair and sat. "There are a number of things we need to talk about. I think you're aware that we've been very pleased with your performance, both as a student and as a teaching assistant. Professor Walkin has recommended you for the PhD program. Dr. Vassilov also has requested that you assist him in the next term. A career in this university can be very rewarding and the department faculty and I think you'd make a fine addition." Dr. Dean wound down.

"The university, however, has a responsibility to see to the welfare of the students in our care." 

Tommy's heart sank. "A policy, long in force, requires that full faculty members, those with direct contact with students, adhere to a level of propriety, both on the campus and off, above that of common society. Families entrust us with the minds, morals, and physical well being of students." Tommy feared where this must lead. 

"And so I am required, preliminary to any further discussion of a place in the university, to inquire as to your personal life."
