 18-year-old Tommy was in his final year of an all boys school, with quite strict rules. He was looking forward to the summer holidays, which were fast approaching, so he could go swimming more often, be with his friends, and hopefully have sex. 

Being a teenager, Tommy thought about sex all the time; His raging hormones were hard to control, and he would touch himself almost every night, and had to keep his porn searches secret from his parents. He loved to hug and slide against his pillows in bed, and pretend it was an imaginary lover. 

At Tommy's school, his English teacher, Mr. Hoyt, was indeed quite strict, however, he gave his students quite a lot of freedom, as long as they were well behaved. There were rumors about Mr. Hoyt, that he was gay. Mr. Hoyt was quite tall, in great shape, and impeccably dressed. It was because of his appearance that some of the students labeled him as gay. The students would often tell jokes about him to each other, and tell stories about other students that supposedly had slept with him. There was no evidence to these stories however. 

Tommy had noticed lately, that Mr. Hoyt was paying him more and more attention, and seemed to nearly always comment positively on something Tommy would say, or his work in class. Tommy was a good student, but certainly not the best, he was, however, very attractive. With blond hair, blue eyes and lovey skin. During lunch breaks, Tommy's friends started to tease him a bit, saying that Mr. Hoyt was attracted to him. Tommy laughed it off, but it did make him think...

As the days moved closer to summer break, Mr. Hoyt was starting to become attracted to Tommy. It was true what the students thought, he was gay, but would never act out his desires on a student. He couldn't, however, keep his mind off Tommy. His beautiful face, sweet smile and lovely young body had become the focus of his masturbation sessions in the evenings. 

Tommy, on the other hand, was becoming very curious about gay sex. He had fooled around with a few girls before, but being at an all boys school made it difficult to meet girls. 

One night he decided to look at some gay porn on the Internet, and what he saw, actually excited him. He thought he might be turned off, but quite the opposite happened. Seeing these men fuck each other, and their cocks gliding in and out of their mouths, was really a turn on. 

Tommy was at the age where sex was relatively new, he was also a very sexual boy, and wanted to try so many things. 

He was constantly horny. 

At night, he started to think about Mr. Hoyt, and if it really was true that he liked him. He started to imagine what he looked like naked, what his cock would feel like, and if ever he might be able to touch it. The thoughts made Tommy so excited, and from now on, they became his masturbation fantasies every night. 

At the end class one day, Mr. Hoyt, now becoming quite infatuated with Tommy, asked him to stay behind after class to review some of Tommy's work. Tommy stayed behind, and his heart began to beat faster. "Is Mr. Hoyt going to make a move on me?" He thought. 

"Tommy your grades are very good, however, I think you could use just a little help with you creative writing." Said Mr. Hoyt. 

Tommy replied, "OK, what do you think I should do sir?"

"Have you ever considered some extra tutoring?" 

Mr. Hoyt was just toying with the idea that maybe, just maybe, he could get Tommy alone somewhere. Tommy, on the other hand, was becoming excited, and was certain that Mr. Hoyt was making a bit of a pass at him. He decided to play along, and encourage Mr. Hoyt. 

"Could you give me some extra lessons?" Replied Tommy with a sexy smile. 

Mr. Hoyt's heart almost leapt into his mouth. "Was this beautiful boy flirting with me?" He thought. 

"Certainly Tommy," Mr. Hoyt said, although a little flustered, "I can arrange that."

Tommy looked at Mr. Hoyt, and imagined him touching his young body. He was so horny; he started to grow an erection. 

"Possibly at your house after school?" Tommy asked. 

Mr. Hoyt caught his breath, and thought, "My God, is he really asking to come over to my place?"

"If you like Tommy," replied Mr. Hoyt, and then out of lust, and a bit of loss of control, said, "Why don't you bring a bathing suit, I have a nice pool."

Immediately, Mr. Hoyt felt embarrassed. "Shit," he thought, "Why did I say that?"

"Wow!" Tommy thought, "He really does like me!"

Tommy looked at Mr. Hoyt and replied, "That would be lovely, it is very hot after all."

"Not as hot as it is in this classroom right now," thought Mr. Hoyt. 

"OK Tommy, how about tomorrow after school?" 

"Sounds great." Tommy said. 

As Tommy left the classroom, thoughts raced through his head. He was certain Mr. Hoyt was attracted to him, why else would he ask him to go swimming? He wanted to be seduced by Mr. Hoyt, and decided to give him as much encouragement as possible. 

Mr. Hoyt on the other hand, was trembling after Tommy left the room. He found this young boy so delightful. He was the sexiest thing he had ever seen, and had to control his erection whenever he was near. He couldn't wait until tomorrow, but had serious reservations about sexual encounters with one of his students. He would be professional, and not push himself onto Tommy. "Don't exploit this young boy's innocence." He thought to himself. 

After school, Tommy was so excited, and decided to buy a new bathing costume. Something sexy, that would show Mr. Hoyt that he was not afraid to be touched, and that he was indeed, flirting with him. 

He entered the department store, and began to browse through the items. "Something sexy." He thought. 

He then came upon a small white thong. "Could it be too much? " he thought, "Too revealing?"

"Fuck it." He thought to himself, as he grabbed the thong, and with his trembling hand, brought it to the counter to pay. 

That night, Tommy went into the bathroom, and tried on his new swimwear. He looked at himself in the mirror, and was pleased with what he saw. His lovely, smooth young body, and his beautiful little cheeks looked so sexy in his little thong. He started to grow hard, and decided to slip it off before making it wet with his pre-cum. 

The next day, both Mr. Hoyt and Tommy were very excited, and found it hard to concentrate on their work. Tommy couldn't stop thinking about Mr. Hoyt's hands all over his body, and imagining what his cock looked like. Mr. Hoyt, on the other hand, was dreaming about the young boy, and couldn't wait to see him in a swimsuit, and if possible, tasting the boy's cock. 

Tommy told his parents he was seeing a friend after school, and would be home later, changed into shorts and a t-shirt, and went off to Mr. Hoyt's. Shaking with excitement, his young mind spinning with what may lay ahead. 

He rang the doorbell, and Mr. Hoyt opened the door. 

Mr. Hoyt gasped slightly; as it was the first time he had ever seen Tommy without his school uniform. "Hello Tommy," He said, "Come on in."

Tommy looked at Mr. Hoyt, who was wearing shorts and a shirt, looking much more relaxed than when he is at school, said, "Thank you sir."

Mr. Hoyt had laid out some books on the table for them to study, and as Tommy saw this, his heart sank a little. He wanted to get straight in the pool, and was not interested at all in studying. 

They both sat down, and started to go through some English lessons together. All the while, Mr. Hoyt was looking Tommy up and down when he wasn't looking, and Tommy did the same to Mr. Hoyt, when his eyes were looking at the reading material before them.  

Mr. Hoyt then moved in closer to Tommy, and rest his leg against his while continuing to explain things from his books. Tommy shuddered slightly, at the touch of his leg, and Mr. Hoyt realized, that yes, this boy was becoming excited. 

Tommy, playfully tapped his hand on Mr. Hoyt's leg, and asked him a relative question, that of which Mr. Hoyt couldn't think about; the touch of Tommy's hand on his leg was too much to bear. 

The mutual playful touching, and moving closer together, continued between Tommy and Mr. Hoyt. Tommy started sweating now, and an erection starting to build in his shorts. Mr. Hoyt wanted to grab the young boy right there and then. 

Mr. Hoyt saw the sweat and excitement on Tommy's face, and decided to break the ice, "It's hot, did you want to go for a swim to cool off?"

"I'd love to sir." Tommy replied. 

"Did you bring a bathing suit?"

"Yes sir."

"The bathroom is through here so you can change."

Mr. Hoyt led Tommy to the bathroom, and said; "I'll see you outside by the pool."

"Thank you sir." Replied Tommy. 

Tommy closed the door, and started to undress. He put his clothes in a pile, and slipped into the little white thong he had bought yesterday. He tried to calm himself down, as he was growing an erection, and didn't want to seem too eager to Mr. Hoyt. 

He looked at himself in the mirror, and thought he looked sexy, and was hoping Mr. Hoyt would not be angry, as thong swimwear was definitely not allowed in school. 

Tommy walked out of the bathroom, and towards the back door, and saw Mr. Hoyt in a small black bikini bathing suit. His lovely strong body, large chest and sizeable bulge in his swimsuit were making the young boy tremble with excitement. 

The back door opened, and Mr. Hoyt turned to see Tommy, walking towards him in his skimpy little swimsuit. Tommy looked at Mr. Hoyt's face to judge a reaction, and saw that he was very pleased with what he saw; Tommy's lovely young body, blonde hair and blue eyes were enough to make Mr. Hoyt's cock grow. It grew even more as Tommy walked past Mr. Hoyt, towards the pool, and exposed his little bottom; with the cute thong he was wearing, to the absolute amazement of Mr. Hoyt. 

"Fuck this boy is hot." Mr. Hoyt thought to himself. Look, at that little ass, such a sexy sight!"

Tommy not turning around to see Mr. Hoyt's reaction, stepped into the pool, slowly at first, allowing Mr. Hoyt a good view of his little firm ass. 

Mr. Hoyt followed Tommy to the steps of the pool, and watched as the young teen lowered his beautiful body into the water. 

"How's the water?" Asked Mr. Hoyt. 

"It's lovey." Tommy replied, turning to look at Mr. Hoyt. 

Tommy watched in amazement as Mr. Hoyt lowered himself into the pool, a sizeable erection clearly visible in his swimsuit that Tommy stared at with lust. 

Tommy broke his stare, and started to swim up the length of the pool. 

Mr. Hoyt watched in amazement as this beautiful young angel slid through the water, his cute thong covering nothing but the boy's lovely cock.

He slid into the water. 

Tommy, loving the feeling of the cool water on his young body, swam up and down the pool, knowing that Mr. Hoyt was watching him the whole time. He rolled onto his back and floated, allowing his now firm erection in his thong, to poke out of the water. 

Mr. Hoyt's eyes lay fixed on the boy's firm cock, covered in nothing but a thin piece of white fabric, which was now transparent, and begging to be touched. 

Tommy was really excited now, and wanted to be touched by Mr. Hoyt. He swam over to him and splashed him playfully with his hand. Mr. Hoyt splashed him back, and losing a bit of control, grabbed Tommy around the waist, feeling his soft young body for the first time, and through him up and out of the water. 

Tommy squealed, as the hands of Mr. Hoyt touched him, and laughed boyishly as he re-entered the water. His cock was now rock hard in his little thong. 

Mr. Hoyt's cock was fully erect now, and swam over to the big step in the pool, and sat down. Tommy followed, and sat on the step in the pool, between Mr. Hoyt's legs. 

Mr. Hoyt was so excited now; this lovely young boy, between his legs, only inches from him and his burning member, reached out and took Tommy by the waist, and pulled him closer, so Tommy had his back to him. His little bottom, exposed by his thong, pressed up against his hard cock. 

Tommy gasped slightly, at the feeling of Mr. Hoyt's hands, and the huge erection nestled between his smooth cheeks. He wriggled slightly, to allow the aching member of Mr. Hoyt to rest firmly between his teen bottom. 

Mr. Hoyt put one arm around Tommy's middle, and the other, used his hand to slip its way into the waistband of the young boy's thong. 

"I like your swimsuit." Said Mr. Hoyt. "Do you wear thongs often?"

"Not always, but I knew there wouldn't be a lot of people around today." Tommy replied cutely. 

"You look wonderful in it," Mr. Hoyt continued, "Very sexy."

"Thank you sir." Tommy said nervously, his heart now racing. 

Mr. Hoyt was now so turned on by this young boy, started to move his hands slowly over Tommy's smooth skin, before moving his right hand down, and placing it between the boy's young thighs, gently brushing with his fingers the stiff cock of this sweet angel. 

Tommy gasped slightly at the first touch on his rock hard cock, and pressed himself closer into Mr. Hoyt. 

Mr. Hoyt knew now, that Tommy was definitely turned on. He lowered his face and kissed gently the back of Tommy's neck. 

Tommy sighed, and put his hands onto the thighs of Mr. Hoyt, and slowly started to caress them. 

Mr. Hoyt, feeling the boy's touch, and openness to his, kissed Tommy's neck again, and said, "You're such a beautiful boy."

Tommy turned his head, and faced Mr. Hoyt, and replied, "Thank you sir."

Mr. Hoyt, looking into Tommy's beautiful blue eyes, lost control, and placed his lips on those of the young boy's. 

Tommy's heart skipped a beat, and met Mr. Hoyt's kiss with his own soft lips, and then allowed Mr. Hoyt to slide his tongue inside his young, wet mouth. 

Mr. Hoyt cupped Tommy's face, and began to kiss him lovingly. Feeding the sweet boy his tongue. Tommy, so excited at being kissed by a man, groaned, and sucked tenderly on Mr. Hoyt's gift. 

They both kissed passionately; Mr. Hoyt's hands all over Tommy's young body, and Tommy's hands massaged Mr. Hoyt's legs, as he pushed his little firm bottom harder onto the massive hard-on of his older lover. 

Mr. Hoyt then let his hand slide down the front of Tommy, and gently placed it on the firm penis of his young boy. Touching gently, feeling the fabric of Tommy's thong slide over his hand, and then enclosing the angel's balls in his palm. 

Tommy moaned, as he had never been touched like this before, and wanted to reach around, and touch Mr. Hoyt's cock for the first time. 

Mr. Hoyt broke their kiss, and asked, "Do you want to come inside for a bit, away from the prying neighbors?"

Tommy nodded, "OK sir."

Mr. Hoyt lifted Tommy up, and followed him to the door, watching his beautiful little ass, so wonderfully exposed by the young boys sweet little bathing suit. 

Tommy turned at the door, and Mr. Hoyt saw his beautiful teen erection bursting in his thong. "Where too?" He asked. 

Mr. Hoyt took Tommy's hand and said. "Let's go into my bedroom."

Mr. Hoyt led the young boy, heart racing, hand trembling and cock wanting to explode, into his bedroom. 

Mr. Hoyt lay Tommy down on the bed, and admired how sexy he was. He then slid his hands over the boy, caressed his nipples gently, before hooking each hand in the sides of Tommy's little thong, and slowly slipped it off. 

Tommy lifted his legs up, to allow Mr. Hoyt to undress him, before lowering his young legs back down, to fully expose Mr. Hoyt to his beautiful teen cock, which twitched with excitement. 

Mr. Hoyt, so excited now, and with this beautiful young boy in full view, lowered his head and gently took the young boy's stiff cock into his mouth. 

Tommy gasped, as this was the first time he had ever had his cock in someone's mouth. How warm it felt, so close, so tender, he moaned, "Oh sir."

Mr. Hoyt, beside himself, relished in Tommy's smooth erection in his mouth, and began to suck lovingly on the sweet angel's delicious penis. 

Tommy swayed his young hips to the rhythm of Mr. Hoyt's movements, and started to moan. He was in such delight, and Mr. Hoyt seemed to know exactly how to please his most intimate part. 

Panting heavily now, Tommy's legs began to shake, as Mr. Hoyt serviced his 

young cock. 

Mr. Hoyt, feeling Tommy about to cum, as he knew the boy was young, and probably couldn't control his orgasm, let the sweet cock out of his mouth and looked up at Tommy's angelic face. 

"Is that nice Tommy?"

"It's lovely sir."

Mr. Hoyt then stood up, and started to take his bathing suit off. 

Tommy watched in amazement as Mr. Hoyt removed his swimsuit, and allowed his massive man-cock to spring free. 

Mr. Hoyt watched as Tommy's eyes lay fixated on his aching member, and gave the boy some time to examine his cock for a few moments. 

Tommy, so excited at the first sight of another cock in real life, breathed heavily. He stared at Mr. Hoyt's beautiful member; the lovely head, how hard it was, and the delicious balls that hung beneath. 

Mr. Hoyt seeing how excited Tommy was moved in closer, and slowly lowered his massive man cock, onto the young boy's pretty penis. 

Tommy watched in awe, as Mr. Hoyt's burning member descended and lay itself down onto his twitching teen cock; the balls of Mr. Hoyt gently falling into place and hugging his soft teen sack. 

"Oh Sir." Tommy sighed, at the first touch of another penis against his own. 

Mr. Hoyt, loving the feeling of Tommy's pretty cock against his own, started to rub and glide up and down, caressing Tommy's most private part with his own. 

The two cocks slid together, and embraced one-another, like passionate lovers that had been apart for too long. 

Mr. Hoyt reached down, and held onto both his and Tommy's burning erections, and began to move them together. Gliding the two pricks up against one-another, faster and faster. Tommy moaned with teenage glee, and Mr. Hoyt, breathed heavily at the sight and feel of his lovely boy. 

Tommy looked down, and saw his youthful cock against the man prick of Mr. Hoyt, got lost in how sexy this all was for him; This was his first gay experience, and it was so lovely, so right, his young balls began to boil. 

Mr. Hoyt, feeling Tommy about to cum, wanted to see this young boy's prick explode all over his own, began to stroke the two burning cock's together faster and faster. Tommy panting now, his teen cock on fire, and Mr. Hoyt's member rubbing against his own, lost control. 

"Oh Sir!" Tommy screamed, as his cock stiffened even harder, and his legs shook, as the first blast of boiling teen cum shot from the young boy, and landed on his stomach. Split seconds later, wave after wave of sensations rushed through Tommy's body, as blast after blast of creamy boy cum exploded from his shaking penis, all over the hand and cock of Mr. Hoyt. 

Mr. Hoyt, watching his young lover cumming, so helpless and sweet, said, "That's it Tommy, cum for me."

Tommy, completely lost, replied between moans, "Yes Sir."

With Tommy's legs shaking and his cock twitching, Mr. Hoyt gathered the pools of Tommy's cum from the teen's stomach and his own hands and cock, and began to massage the creamy fluid all over his own aching member. 

With his cock glistening with boy cum, he lowered his boiling prick back onto the sensitive, twitching penis of Tommy. 

Tommy squealed, as the thick wet cock of Mr. Hoyt made contact again with his own teen erection. 

Tommy, after having cum, was too sensitive, and his young legs shook uncontrollably. The sensations were so intense. His young boy cock had never felt such pleasure, and he was beside himself, but he couldn't be touched for a moment. 

"Sir, please." Tommy said boyishly. "I'm too sensitive right now."

Mr. Hoyt replied, "OK baby."

Tommy then slid up to the end of the bed, and propped himself up against the pillows. He then looked at Mr. Hoyt and his twitching member and asked. "Sir, can I put your penis in my mouth?"
