 "What's that, Uncle Lucas?" I asked as I pointed at the bottle and CD's in his hand. He went by the the TV and do something with the CD player then suddenly the images in the TV change as he sat back down in the easy couch and held out the bottle to me.

"This is something that will make this next milking handjob feel even better for both of us. It's a lubricant. And it's the best thing for jerking off with." He said as he unscrewed the lid.

"Lubricant? I never heard about that before." I said as I looked questioningly into the bottle. "It look weird to me."

"Well at first you might think it look weird but not until you try it yourself. I use it all the time when I jerk off." he said as he smile at me.

"You jerk off like masturbating?.....So you still jerk off then Uncle Lucas?" I asked shyly.

"Sure I do, babe. There's nothing wrong with that. Everybody does it. Especially when they don't have a someone to let them play with it, specially someone like you." I could feel my cheeks redden in embarrassment.

"Really someone like me?" He nodded. "Did you like it better when I play with it for you than when you do it yourself, Uncle Lucas?" I asked him shyly.

"Oh absolutely, dear. I think that was the best handjob I've ever had. I can't wait for the next one." He simply beamed and smile under my words of praise.

"Uncle Lucas, ummm...how times do you master-I mean jerk off?" I asked with a note of intense interest in my voice.

"Well babe, I usually cum about 5 to 7 times a day, well depends on the mood of course." He answered honestly.

"WOW! 5 to 7 times a day! That is so wicked!" I paused and I could feel the wheels turning in my head. "So you do it that many times a day? Ummm...so every time you cum do it always that plenty as before?" I asked him.

"Well, I've been told by my doctor who' also a close friend told me that my loads of cum are a lot bigger unlike than most people shoot, that what he called special genetic hormone that helps me crat more cum than another guys and all my loads are usually that big. The amount doesn't seem to drop off the more often when I cum." he smiled. 

"Oh, it must be so much fun to watch you shoot off like that." I watch on his heavy thick cock lying dormant along his thigh.

"Oh by the way the doctor that I mention also like me, he also cum as much as mine do. Maybe someday I'm going to invite him sometimes." he said with a interested grin in his face.

"Oh do you think he would let me milk him too?" I asked anxiously. 

"I think he won't mind letting you play with his cock in your hands but right now let's us just focus on the lubricant OK?" he reach out and gave me the bottle.

"What would I do with it, Uncle Lucas?" I asked quizzically.

"Just open the lead and let the warm liquid fall into your palm." He watch me as I pour the warm liquid into my palm. "Yes that's about enough. Now rub your two hands together so they get well covered and warmed up." I complied with my directions instantly and soon my two small hands were slick shiny instruments of pleasure.

"Like this, Uncle Lucas?" I asked.

"That's perfect babe. Now I'm just going to sit back here and relax. You take both of those nice slippery warm hands and make my cock feel real good like you did last time. Go ahead and do whatever you like. You could milk me as many times you like." 

He set the bottle of lubricant on the little table beside me and sat back comfortably in the chair with a remote in his hands he click the play button then I heard some noise in the background.

I think his watching some of those weird videos that I saw earlier. But still I didn't turn around to see what he was watching, instead I focus eyes on his still half hard cock resting in his thighs.

I had been sitting down between his spread thighs, once I had my hands greased up, I rose onto my knees and looked down at his half-hard cock. 

I reached out tentatively and I could feel my tiny fingertips seem to dance along the length of his rod. 

I looked at it totally fascinated and enthralled with his cock bobbing up and down in front of me.

My fingers slipped around the thick girth and I could feel that warm luxurious feeling of holding a hot warm flesh in my hands, I imagine holding a joystick but unlike a joystick this one has a life of its own.

"Mmmmmmm,that's feels nice, baby. Just take your time and do whatever you like." He said as I settled in to enjoy my hands playing at his hard cock.

"Okay, Uncle Lucas. It feels so warm and hard in my hand." I knew it wouldn't stay like that for long like what he did last time, but I prefer it hard as a rock.

I took my other hand and wrapped it around the his cock head and started rotating it back and forth around the protruding crown. 

It felt great and I felt an initial twitch as more blood started to pump back into his manhood.

"I can feel it starting to get bigger, Uncle Lucas" I said with excitement in my voice.

I used both of my hands together and started to pump up and down in unison as his cock continued to fill and extend.

"That's feels good, honey. You're doing great!" He said as my eyes focused in on his hard cock.

My face was glowing with the thrill of pleasuring my uncle. After just a couple more minutes under the stimulation of my pumping hands, his dick was back up to its full eleven thick inches.

"Oh gosh, Uncle Lucas" I said as I stared wide-eyed at his rearing stallion-like cock. "It's so big! As it kept getting harder it kept spreading the ends of my fingers further and further away from the rest of my hand. I can't believe how big around it is!"

"That's okay Timmy. It feels great just the way you're doing that." he said, I could hear him groan from the pleasure.

I kept this up for another minute or so and then put one around the base of his cock while I let go with the other one. 

He was still watching at the images in the TV as I gripped his rod and then slowly pulled it downwards until it was pointing straight towards me. 

He then took my hand and drew it slowly and firmly along the full length of his cock until I reached the flared crown. 

Just before I fully slid my hand off the tip, I reached forward with my other hand and wrapped it once again around the thick base. 

I started the same slow upward movement as my first hand finished its smooth stroke right off the tip. 

I then brought my first hand back to the base and repeated the process. It was like playing with a joystick poking the head like a button that makes him leek more pre-cum. 

"Oh my God Timmy baby! Thank feels fucking good!" He said with a noticeable moan. It felt so good to make him moan in pleasure. 

His cock felt so incredibly hard. It almost felt like I was pulling more and more blood into it with my coaxing fingers.

"I'm glad you like it, Uncle Lucas. You were right about this lubricant. I love it. Your cock feels so hard and slippery, I kinda like this!" I said happily.

"Really baby? If you really like it I guess...you can...." He put his fingers near the base of his dick and started to push it back down towards me. "How about you give it a little kiss to make it feel good?" He suggested.

"Uh, okay as long you like it Uncle Lucas." I said tentatively. 

With his fingers pushing on the topside of his cock, he held it in position pointing directly towards my sweet mouth. 

I watched enthralled as I pursed my plump full lips as my mouth descended towards his engorged crimson mushroom head. 

My soft lips got closer and closer until I felt almost a jolt of pleasure as they touched the sensitive membranes of his cock-head. 

It felt so incredibly soft and warm as I pressed them against my slippery skin. I gave it a quick smooch and then lifted my head up again to look at him.

"Is that all better, Uncle Lucas?" I asked him.

"Fuck yes." I heard him groan. "Why don't you give it a few more kisses only this time, open your mouth a little bit more. If you let your tongue slide over the leeking part a bit...well....that would feel good..."

"Okay." I lowered my wide full mouth once again only this time my lips were parted slightly. I pressed them once again to the wide mushroom head and I stretch further open as they allowed the very tip of his cock to enter my mouth. 

I heard Uncle Lucas sharp gasp as I felt my mouth contrast against his cock. I could feet the tip of my tongue pressing into his piss-slit. 

I felt his cock surge and it was like a hard iron bar as my tongue slid out of his piss-slit and over the top of those sensitive spongy membranes.

I bathed the top of his engorged flared cock head with my cooling saliva while keeping my lips adhered tightly above the his corona. 

I felt my tongue slide back slightly and probe again into the very tip before I pulled my nursing mouth back off his cock.

"Was that good, Uncle Lucas?" I continued to look genuinely concerned about his welfare.

"That was much better, babe. I'll be fine now." He paused for a second as I felt relieved. "What did you think of kissing it?" he asked me.

"I couldn't believe how hot and sticky it is! And the the mushroom head was also big but I can handle if I try harder. I didn't know if I'd be able to get my lips around it." I replied shyly.

"So.....you liked having it in your mouth?" He asked slowly.

"Ummmm,yeah I guess." I paused for a second. "And you know what else, Uncle Jeff? When I first let my tongue touch the end, I could taste your, er what did you call it again? pre-cum?" He nodded in agreement. "And it had that same milky flavor as those other piles of cum that I licked up last time. It tasted good so after I finished licking the top, I stuck my tongue into the end again to get a little more." I pause again. "Could I do that again, Uncle Lucas?" I ask him excitedly.

"That's fine, babe. You can have as much pre-cum and cum as you like. The more you get, the quicker it'll help you grow taller." He paused as he looked down at me still holding his slick cock with my two slick hands up anxiously. "We can try more of that with your mouth later, baby. Right now, can you put your hands back and milk me dry." 

"Sure Uncle Lucas! Anything for you!" I reached forward and took his rigid shaft once more into my slick hands and pulled it downwards away from his body and then started pulling it up and down, hand over hand motion once more. 

This time I made sure I had a grip on it before I let the leading hand slide off the end. He just sat back and relax (and moan) in the feeling as I manipulated his raging erection.

I could see drops of pre-cum in the end of his cock as it drip down into my slick fingers coating my hands with his essence.

"Fuck Tommy! That feel good! Keep on doing that." He said his eyes now on me.

"Could I drink your pre-cum Uncle Lucas" I asked hoarsely.

"Fucking Yes, baby. You can suck it or drink it all you want, just don't fucking stop." I could see pleasure in his eyes as he look down on me.

My milking hands were coaxing more and more of his pre-cum to the surface and a further gob started to distend and hang from the end of his dick before I swept in with my darting tongue and captured it again. 

I paused in raising my head to stick my tongue directly into his gaping piss-slit and probe for more of his milky seed. 

I saw a milky gob pulled back by my tongue disappear into my waiting mouth once more. 

"Fuck yeah!" I could hear him groan as I continue to lick his cock head.

"Wow Uncle Lucas your dripping to much!" I gasp as I watch his cock ooze out more pre-cum into my hungry mouth.

"Oh yes it means my cock like what your doing to it Tommy. Keep on playing Uncles cock Ok Tommy baby?" he asked me hoarsely.

"Yes Uncle Lucas!" I move both my hands in unison as my hands continue to milk him hard. Begging his cock to spit more pre-cum.

I could see in his face the lust and pleasure as he watch me. I continue to play with his cock as my hands move upward then downwards.

Then I could feel his balls rise as I watch him hump in to my fingers. His hard shaft meeting my own movements.

More pre-cum ooze out as he fuck my hands hard. I could feel my own cock ooze in my pants as I watch this big hunk fuck himself with my small hands.

"OH TOMMY! KEEP THOSE HANDS MOVING!! I'M GONNA CUM!" He shouted as I felt the rush of semen speeding through his cock. 

I looked at his pumping cock as I intently long-stroking his thick shaft as I kept my eyes glued to the oozing tip. 

My eyes were a mask of lust as I pumped away with my slick little hands. His eyes focused again on me as I move eagerly at his hard cock.

"OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHH......" He let out a big moan as the first thick ropey strand erupted from the end of his engorged cock-head. 

It spat out in a huge milky gob that shot high in the air and then splashed down on his chest once again. 

I kept up my ardent jacking as a second, third and fourth wad spurted forth. He was gasping breathlessly as I watched his cock continue to shoot and shoot under my silky hands. 

His body had gone rigid and was almost convulsing as he was deep in the throes of an intense toe-curling orgasm. He looked at my face and as I watch was wide-eyed in awe at his cock spit out gob after gob of milky thick cum. 

He was quivering and shaking as I pumped and pumped every last warm drop of milky semen out of him. The last few shots dropped onto my jacking hands and I slowed my pumping instinctively as the final dribbles oozed forth.

I slowed down at the exact moment the sensitivity got to be too much for him and my hands came to an almost complete stand still as I felt the final sensations of his climax flow through me. 

He watched as I gripped firmly around the base with both hands and made one final upward stroke. I watched the gaping opening at the end closely as I coaxed a last milky gob to ooze forth. 

As the drop filled and grew in size it started to run sluggishly down the V on the underside of his cock-head. I dove forward and pressed the flat of my tongue into the creamy drop of warm semen.

"Mmmmmmm," I moaned as I captured his savory morsel and then rolled my tongue around the end of his cock and delved the tip into his piss-slit looking for more. 

He looked breathless, his chest heaving as he drew in cool droughts of fresh air. I lifted my head from the end of his spent dick and my eyes open wide as I looked up past his cock.

"Uncle Lucas! Look at you, your all covered by your cum!" I said excitedly. "Look at that there a lot than before!" 

We both looked down at his smooth chest and stomach. His chest and stomach were a total mess of cum. Little puddles and ribbons of warm milky semen made a bizarre mosaic as they covered most of his torso.

"See baby I told you. That's because of your nice milking hands and for the help of the lube. It always makes jerking off better."

"Wow! You're not kidding. It did feel good when my hands were all over your hot and slippery cock. And by the look at that cum I guess you liked it better too."

We both looked down at the copious amount of warm milky semen covering him in a creamy whitish coating. He took his index finger and scooped up a sizable gob from the biggest puddle in his navel.

"Here Tommy." he said as he extended his finger towards me. "It's better for you if you eat it while it's still fresh." 

I opened my mouth automatically and he slipped his thick cum-covered digit between my full soft lips. 

It felt warm and sticky in my close lips around as my tongue swirled about it to capture the milky viscous seed. 

My mouth sucked lovingly at his finger as he slid it back and forth gently between my soft swollen lips.

"That's a good boy. Let me feed you some more of this nice fresh cream," he said as he withdrew his finger and this time used two fingers to scoop up a more sizable amount. 

I edged even closer to him as I anxiously waited to his next dose of cum. As he moved his dripping hand towards my mouth, I eagerly darted my face forward and lapped at his fingers as my warm swollen lips closed around them. 

He watch my eyes close and I let out a soft moan as I swallowed the milky manly semen. He scooped up another gob and slid his fingers back into my suctioning mouth. I licked and sucked eagerly at his invading digits.

"Okay sweetie, you can come and clean up the rest now," he said as he sat back and nodded towards the remaining cum strewn across his body. 

I lifted my two hands to my face first and licked the final drops of his creamy seed that had spewed forth at the end of his climax. 

Then I put both of my hands on the top of his thighs and leaned forwards past his deflating cock and delved my tongue deep into his navel where the biggest puddle remained. 

I noisily sucked and lapped up every drop of his milky man-juice. I could taste his cum mixed with his hot sweat. 

I leaned further forward and chased down every stray ribbon and drop of cum until his smooth hairless chest shone with the drying remnants of my saliva. 

He finally sat back and he reached forward to wipe up a final drop that was clinging to my chin.

"There you go, babe. You got it all," He said as he slowly sawed his finger back and forth between my nursing lips. 

After I had licked it clean, he left it there for a little while longer as my tongue and lips continued to suck enthusiastically at his thick digit. 

I could see in his eyes that he was thinking something. Would he let me use my mouth now like he promised me?

My heart thump as a smile came to his face then he lean down in front of me and whisper in my ear.

"Are you hungry for more little fella?" he asked me as he lick tip of my ears sending shivers all over my body.

"Ohhh! Yes Uncle Lucas! I need it more!" I groan as I could feel him press himself to me, his warm body covering me. I could feel my self tremble as once more he push me down on his knees..... 

To be continued...