 "Oh Uncle Lucas, Your cock feels good in my hands." I said to him as I wrapped my small milking hands around it and moved right towards me.

"Oh fuck Tommy! Play Uncle Lucas cock as you want!" he groaned as he watch me continue to assault his semi-hard cock.

I gulped as I brought up the big flared crown and point it directly at me. I quickly flicked my eyes up to his face he was also watching me with a sly little smile on his face.

My eyes quickly dropped back down as my hand started to slide back and forth. As I slowly moved my greasy hand along the full length of his semi hard slick piece of flesh.

"Fuck Tommy I'm getting hard....Fuck that feels good...Tommy baby...Fuck...." he continue to moan as I watch his cock slowly thickens in my grip.

I watched as it continue to thicken and stiffen under my gripping hand as I took it slow strokes all the way from the thick base to the very tip to the root.

Then I move my head near his cock as I licked his entire length. Covering his hard cock with my saliva making my hands more slick and sticky with my own mouth juice.

As my hand was moving in a smooth corkscrewing motion, I could still feel my glistering saliva covering as a warm lubricant on his hard flesh as I continue to lick him while stroking his hard pole.

Soon, his entire thickening cock was shining with my thin slick coating saliva. I breathed deeply from where I was kneeling and let my self be covered by his manly sweat and musky smell.

"Yummmmyyyyy." I unconsciously let out a little moan as the smell I'd already come to love so much invaded my senses.

I quickly dropped my eyes again and sat mesmerized by his big cock as my hands continued to slide up and down his cock in a warm gripping sensation.

As I watched for a further minute or so, it continued to thicken and extend further and further out from within my stroking hand.

"Oh Uncle Lucas! Yours cock look so hot." I said as it seemed to finally reach full 11 inch erection.

The dark crimson crown had become totally engorged with blood and looked red and angry as it throbbed beneath the shiny coating of saliva.

I could see the gaping "v" at the tip filling with shiny fluid and knew this was the beginning stages of the milk that Uncle Lucas just fed me.

As his cock thickened, it forced my gripping hand to open further making them look small and attracting.

I milked his throbbing cock all the way to the tip and watched in pleasure at how a large amount more of pre-cum oozed out of his tip and began running down the sides of his cock head.

I quickly shot forward and caught the liquid with my tongue, tasting in the salty sweet flavor of his man milk.

I hear him moan as I continue to lap at his cock head like I was licking a lollipop. I continue to lick as I move my aching tongue around his hard member as it throb in my milking hands.

"Ahhhh!" I gasped as his rock-hard cock spit a cream of pre-cum as he moan in front of me. I watched with my tongue continue to lick his hard pole as it throbbed and pulsed with each powerful beat of his heart.

It was bobbing rhythmically on its own and I watched enthralled as the gaping eye filled with more silky fluid.

He seemed to flex the muscles in his stomach and that beautiful big cock oozed a lot of milky drop of pre-cum from the pee-slit.

I watched mesmerized as it slowly distended and dangled from the tip like a growing teardrop. I catching that dangling drop of milky pre-cum with my tongue as it ooze and into my tongue making a pool of pre-cum as continue to drip.

With my hand continue to milk his bobbing rigid erection, I took the opportunity to take a good hard look at the full length of his magnificent cock.

And it looked almost as big around as my arm. The engorged mushroom head was enormous; not just big around, but incredibly long from the very tip to where the thick purple rope-like corona separated it from the super thick shaft below.

I looked at the thick veins lining from his powerful shaft making his dick more muscular and powerful.

"You like what you see there Tommy?" he asked me while my eyes still focused on my hands stroking him, while my using my mouth on licking and tasting him.

"It so wonderfull and big!" I said as he flexed his stomach muscles one more time and his throbbing erection bobbed menacingly in my hands.

I watched as glistening pre-cum continued to ooze from the tip of his cock and drizzle downwards into my slippery hands.

I gasped in awe as a large dangling strand distended further and further before the thinning web snapped and the blob of pre-cum dropped onto the floor just in front my tongue.

I gulped as I took down his delicious morsel of warm man milk on my tongue into my aching throat.

My eyes were drawn back up to his cock as I reached forward and wrapped my little hand back around his surging erection.

I continued to stroke it more vigorously as it made some more slippery sound of my pre-cum lubricated hand pumping back and forth along the full length of his beautiful cock.

"Oh yeah Tommy, play with Uncle Lucas cock." I heard him mutter softly under his breath as my hand milked him steadily back and forth in a tantalizing corkscrewing motion.

I could see the huge flared crown getting darker and darker as it became absolutely engorged with blood.

My God, what a beautiful sight that was. He was breathing more rapidly now and I could feel my own heart racing as he got closer and closer to orgasm.

My eyes zeroed in on the "v" at the very tip of his cock. I could see it starting to fill with a milkier colored fluid and then I saw a large whitish gob pulse to the surface and sit poised at the very tip for just a second.

"OH FUCK!!! TOMMY OH GOD TOMMY!!! OH YES TOMMY!" he mumbled harshly as his milky man juice shoot forth as part of a long thick rope of his manly cum.

"FUCK!!! AAARRRGGGHHHHH!!!!" I gave a surprised sharp intake of breath again as I watched in awe as that creamy rope of cum rose high in the air before falling down in a big pearly gob onto his muscular chest.

The first shot was quickly followed by a second, then a third and then a fourth. I was totally enthralled as I watched rope after thick milky rope of his potent semen shoot forth.

"FUCK YES TOMMY!!!" he hissed as each creamy wad shot high in the air and fell onto his body, his chest and stomach was quickly becoming a mess of his pearly seed.

I watched as he continue to shoot another four or five shots ejaculated from his throbbing cockhead to fall on his stomach or down over my jacking hand.

"Fuck yeah Tommy." he mumbled softly under his breath as I continued to pump away at his spewing cock, "Get that all out! Yeah Fuck!"

"FUCK YEAH TOMMY!!!!" he mumbled under his breath as I continued to pump away at his spewing cock. "GET THAT MILK OUT!!!! FUCK YEAH!!!"

I felt myself shudder with excitement as I listened to him calling my name to milk him more as my milking hands continue to milk his manhood more.

I was tempted to start slurping up that delicious looking milky cum from his body as it took all my willpower to stop my self from doing it, instead I kept my hands on pumping out his load and watch him pump more load out of his big balls.

I slowed my milking hands from stroking him around his thick base as a few more blob of cum oozed from the plump "v" in his cock head as it ran sluggishly down the underside of his cock and over my cum slicked hand.

The rest of that beautiful long monster extended far out from my circling hand and I watched it throb invitingly with each beat of his heart.

I looked further up to his chest and saw the glistening silvery gobs of his milky cum crisscrossed like ribbons as it coated his yummy chest and slimy stomach.

It looked so appetizing as the pearly-white fluid stood out boldly against his smooth tanned skin. There were big gobs of it everywhere on his body and my hand was almost totally covered in with it.

I'd never seen so much of my favorite man milk in one place at one time. I found myself licking my lips as I move my hand and trace my fingertips through the thick gobs of cum on his chest.

"Hmmmmm look at that Uncle Lucas your covered with your cum." I said as I watched as he scoop up a big wad of thick cream and let it dangle teasingly from his fingertips.

"Wow your right Tommy your right...so what would you want me to do with it babe?" I look up at his cum covered finger as my mouth watered as I stared at it.

"So tell me what you want Tommy...tell Uncle Lucas what you wanted me to do with this." he let his milky cum coated finger help up near my face as he wiggle it teasingly in front of me.

I was stuck on spot as he continued to play with his fingers right in front of my face. 

Then suddenly he brought the dangling gob backwards as I groaned out loud as he lovingly spread it all around the sensitive spongy membranes of his cock-head. 

Then he teasingly swayed his cock right in front of me and slowly tip his cock right in front of my lips.

I quickly closed my mouth around the big spongy head as he slowly pushed the head of his cock deeper in my hot silky mouth.

I relished the feeling of having his big cock-head trapped within my mouth at the same time as I was enjoying a mouthful of his milky cum. 

I swirled the warm liquid all around the spongy membranes of his glans as I heard him groan as my tongue hit the side of his sensitive glans before swallowing.

We continued doing this until his body was crystal clean with my saliva as he let me suck him one more time before letting go back to my room to sleep.

Morning came I could feel my body float as I moved out of bed as I remembered what Uncle Lucas did with me last night. 

Then I went to the bathroom and took a bath and also brushed my teeth before going down the stairs strait at the kitchen.

I halt as I watch Uncle Lucas buck naked in the kitchen holding a my favorite bowl and cereal and sitting in the table right in front of me.

"What took you so long babe. Here I though you like to eat your favorite cereal in the morning. But it turns out were out of milk. What should we do with this?" he watch me as my eyes look down at his dormant cock hanging in front of me.

"Maybe we can do something with that right little squirt?" he said as he put down the thing right in the table and now holding his cock in his palm.

Slowly he played with his cock in front of me as he held it teasingly. "So do you want some milk kid?" he asked as slowly glide in front of him....

To be continued...