 "Oh Uncle Lucas! Your cock is going big and hard again. It's amazing!" I said as my eyes mesmerized by his rigid member throbbing with need, just inches away from my face.

My tongue flicked out unconsciously and ran around my pouting lips as I watched the growing tear drop of pre-cum hang from the tip of his cock.

"You want a little taste babe?" he asked teasingly as he slowly waved his dripping dick back and forth in front of my face.

"Oh yes! Please Uncle Lucas! Let me have a taste of you milk!" I said anxiously as my eyes never left the glistening tip of his moving cock.

"Okay babe, I'll give you a just little taste before we get down to your next lesson. Now sit forward just a little bit, yeah that's it, no keep your legs apart so I can stand between them. Yeah that's better."

He positioned himself between my spread thighs, his hard cock pointing directly at my pillow soft lips.

"Now open your mouth and stick your tongue out, yeah that's good, now hold it just like that." he ordered me.

He adjusted his footing slightly and took a firm grip around the base of his cock. With his leaking cock hovering just inches over my extended tongue, he slid his gripping hand slowly forwards.

We both watched as the shining globule hanging from the end of his cock distended further until it settled on my tongue. A glistening web of pre-cum bridged the gap between his rigid member and my extended tongue.

I was anxious to draw the juicy morsel into my tongue right away but he stop me when he spoke suddenly. "Not just yet babe, I want to give you some more first." he said gently.

He drew hid gripping hand back to the thick base and then milked the outer sheath firmly forwards again.

His gaping piss-slit filled once again and then the milky globule started to distend down. The initial drop on my tongue was growing into a milky little pool as it was being fed from the connecting web as my hand slid back and forth.

With a little flick, he broke the glistening strand and it fell into the little puddle on my tongue.

"Okay babe, go ahead." I instantly drew my tongue back between my full lips and they closed instinctively as I swallowed the savory morsel.

"Mmmmmmm...." I purred as the gooey man-juice slid down my throat.

"Did you like that, Tommy baby?" he asked while he watching me.

"Oh yes Uncle Lucas! It tastes so good and warm. It feels really thick and sticky yet it slides easily down my throat." I replied happily.

"Want a little more babe?" he asked as he started to slowly slide his hand forwards once again milking his cock in my face.

"Yes please! Give me more uncle Lucas!" I responded instantly as I constantly stuck my tongue well out from between my full lips.

He milked another growing drop from the tip of his cock and it quickly swelled and distended again to settle on my tongue. He pumped his hand a few more times until I had another milky puddle glistering on my tongue.

"There you go, babe." he said as he once again broke the connecting silky web of pre-cum with a little flick of his wrist. 

I quickly drew the cloudy little pool back into my mouth and then gave a further little moan as I swallowed heartily. 

He repeated this procedure about three more times and then I was ready to feel those beautiful hard throbbing cock into my soft aching mouth. 

"Okay babe. That's enough for now." he said as he watched me swallowed another juicy man milk into my throat. I felt hurt as he had taken away my favorite new toy away from my aching tongue.

"Don't worry Tommy baby." he said as he reached out and laid his hand tenderly along my cheek. "I've got a lot more cum for you. If you suck my cock as good as I think you can, I'll be flooding your mouth with a huge load before you know it." I felt my eyes glow with excitement as I smiled at him.

"Really Uncle Lucas? Are you really going to let me suck your cock and flood me with your milky cum?" I asked anxiously.

"Fuck yes babe. I'm going to hump my cock deep and flood your cute little mouth with my milky semen until you gag out and can't take it anymore." he replied hotly.

I could feel my own cock rise and got hard in my pants as shivers over took me. "When will us start Uncle Lucas?" I asked anxiously.

"What about we started right now?" he asked as he drew me to his bed.

He walked around to the side of his bed and pushed some of his pillows in the middle out of the way. 

He piled up a bunch of the pillows against the headboard and slid onto the middle of the bed. His back propped up by the stack of pillows behind him. 

I rose to my feet and went to the foot of the bed and turned to face him. His body looking hot as he laid in the bed naked, his cock start to leak pre-cum.

"Crawl up here Tommy." he said as he drew his knees up and let his legs drift apart, exposing his hot hard sweaty body to me. 

I got to my knees at the foot of the bed and crawled forwards on my hands and knees until I was poised over his upright cock. 

I could see the pointy tip of his cock leak with pre-cum, as my tongue flick out of my lips as if ready to worship my cock. And that is exactly what I had in mind.

"Are you sure your ready for this, Tommy? You don't have to if you don't want to, you know." he teased.

"I do want to do it, Uncle Lucas" I responded instantly. "It felt really good when I was kissing the tip before and, uh, I-I really want to taste some more of your cum. I like the taste of you pre-cum also but I like the thicker stuff even better." I replied shyly.

"Ohh you like the thicker stuff, eh? Well, you're going to get it right from the tip of my cock this time so I'm sure you'll love it even more." he said as he watch me."Now, I'm just going to sit here again and let you do as you like. Take as much time as you want, there's no hurry. Like before, if you do anything wrong or I want you to do anything different, I'll let you know." he added.

He leaned back against the pillows propped up against the headboard and made h8imself comfortable as he watched me. 

I shifted slightly forwards and then reached out tentatively with my hands. His rock-hard cock was standing totally upright and bobbing menacingly with each of his heartbeats. 

My delicate hands slid around the thick hard shaft and I drew it away from his body towards my face. 

He watched me as my two hands pump the outer sheath of his shaft slowly upwards towards the head. 

Another milky gob pulsed at the tip of his cock head and started to run sluggishly down the V on the underside of his the wide mushroom head. 

As is started to slide down his cock, my tongue darted forwards and speared it. I pressed the flat portion of my tongue against his hard cock and slid it upwards to the tip of his cock head as the gob of precum visible on my tongue.

"Oh fuck! That feels good, Tommy." His words of praise encouraged me and he looked on as my soft wet tongue bathed his whole cock head. 

I swirled my tongue and licked all around the spongy sensitive membranes of his engorged crown as I felt it seem to stiffen even more under my warm oral bath. 

I circled the crimson crown again and again with my searching tongue and then I slowed down and poised my full sucking lips over the very tip of his cock head.

I let my lips closed and then pressed them warmly against his warm tip. He watched enraptured as I allowed my mouth to open and my full pouting lips started to slide down over the head of his aching cock.

"Oh Tommy! That's fantastic!" he whispered to me softly as I felt his cock start to be encompassed within my hot slick mouth. 

My lips continued to stretch farther open as I slid further down on his cock. My mouth spread further open as I encountered the broadest part at his thick rope-like corona. 

I paused and raised my head back a little bit and then let more of my saliva slide over the taut skin of his throbbing cock. 

I bobbed my head down once more and my stretched lips slid over the broad corona and seemed to almost lock on just below the crown.

"Oh fuck! That's perfect Tommy! You've got past the thickest part now. I knew you could do it. It feels great. Do you like the feel of it in your mouth, huh Tommy?" he teased.

"Mmmhhhmmmm..." I moaned in agreement and my head nodded slightly while never releasing his iron hard cock from my grasp mouth.

"That's feels good babe. Do whatever you like, but keep it nice and wet. The more saliva you use, the better it will feel. And you can keep your hands moving on the shaft too. You've got me so turned on, it won't be long before I'll be filling your mouth with cum."

Inspired by his words of encouragement, I started enthusiastically pumping away at the lower half of his cock with my two circling hands. 

I drew my stretched lips back up over the broad crown until I almost drew it right off the tip. I then let my lips follow the contours of my thick rigid erection as I moved my head downwards once more. 

I slipped it past the broad corona quicker this time and moved another inch further down the shaft. 

I only had about the top three inches in my mouth with a little more than eight inch more that were being stroked up and down by my delicate little milking hands. 

I started to bob my head up and down rhythmically as I kept my tongue swirling all around his cock head making his cock leak pre-cum in my mouth.

"Oh fuck! that feels so good, Tommy" he moaned as I licked and sucked provocatively. "Wow Tommy, I think I'm right about you as a natural-born cocksucker." 

I took to it like a baby calf sucking his mother's udders and suck out the milk to there hungry mouths. 

He had given me almost no instruction but already I was sucking away like a pro. My wide full mouth fit perfectly over his thick rigid dick and my warm soft lips pressed lovingly against the sensitive membranes of his cock surface. 

While I continued to instinctively bob my head up and down, I constantly kept my tongue swirling all over the hot smooth surface as I probed and lapped at the hot hard shaft. 

I saw trails of my own saliva start to slide down from his shaft of his cock below my bobbing mouth. 

My pumping hands allowed my saliva to slide more freely up and down his thick pulsing shaft. For my first time sucking cock, I couldn't have asked for anything better. 

"Oh Tommy! Fuck! I'm getting close!" he said breathlessly as I felt his balls starting to draw up in their pouch. "Tommy when I cum, I don't want you to swallow it right away. I want you to keep as much in your mouth as you can. I want to see it before you swallow it. Can you do that for me, babe?"

"Mmmmmhhhmmmm," I moaned in agreement as I kept bobbing my head over the top part of his cock.

"Good. Now I want you to do one more thing for me. Keep your head moving and sucking on the end like that." he paused a bit as he moan loudly. "Fuck yeah! That's it Tommy...Oh fuck yeah! Just like that." I could feel the tip of his cock head leek more pre-cum as he continue to moan on top of me.

"Now I want you to take your two hands and use your fingernails to scratch all around the base and bottom of my shaft again." I drag both of my hands as I slowly scratch the hot sleek skin of his shaft. "Oh yeah! Oh fuck Tommy! That's it! Oh fuck yeah! Just keep doing that, Tommy baby!" he groan once again.

I followed his instructions perfectly and as I scratched insistently into the rigid surface of his throbbing cock around the base. 

I looked further back up the shaft as my stretched pouting lips sliding up and down his hard thick shaft as trails of my saliva ran in tiny rivers from my lips towards my scratching little milking fingers.

"OH FUCK, TOMMY!!! HERE IT COMES!!!" he bellowed as I felt the boiling semen start to rush up the pulsating shaft of his cock. 

He shook and twitched as I see the initial throes of an intense orgasm start to overtake him. I watched him while bobbing my head as I felt the first blast of his eruption jet out forth. 

It almost looked like it knocked my head upwards but I instinctively backed up slightly until I had the spitting head in her mouth. 

In this way I could feel the hot salty cream fill my mouth and pool on my tongue without being shot directly down my throat. 

"OH FUCK TOMMY! SUCK ME DRY!!!" he continued to unload inside my hot flooding mouth. He shot after creamy shot spilled forth to be captured within my vacuuming mouth. 

I could feel some few trickles of his milky white cream drip out off the corners of my mouth and start to run down my chin as I fought to hold all of my massive load in my mouth. 

"AHHHHRGGGHHHHH!!!! FUCK!!!" I could feel his throbbing cock head continue to blast out more cum into my mouth. I continue to stroke and scratch on his pumping cock as he continue to unload his thick creamy cum into my aching oral cavity.

He continued to spit wad after ropey wad into my suctioning mouth. Soon my chin was a mess of silver thick cum as I continued to scratch on base of his thick pulsating shaft. 

His whole body was thrumming as I felt the last sensations of the mind-numbing release flow through him.

"OH! FUCK! Oh man. That was incredible!" he said as he reached out and took hold of my stroking hands. "That was the most unbelievable blowjob I've ever had. You are absolutely amazing Tommy. I wish I could just spend the rest of my life with your lips wrapped around my cock." he said hoarsely.

With my lips still pressed tightly to his leaking cock head, I could feel the delight in my eyes as he bathed me with his my words of praise.

"Okay, let's see what you've got there, babe." he said as he sat slightly forwards. I slowly drew my mouth off of his still semi hard member and tilted my mouth upwards and closed my lips to prevent any of my prize from leaking out. 

My chin was totally covered with his milky spunk and silvery ribbons were even running down my neck as I tilted my head further up towards him.

"Okay baby...open wide1" he said as he reached forward and put a hand on either side of my soft neck. 

I slowly opened my mouth and showed him the huge milky pool of warm thick semen that was cradling on my tongue. 

My mouth was almost overflowing with cloudy white milky seed. He took my hands and softly stroked the sides of my delicate throat. 

"Okay Tommy you can swallow now." I instantly took my first swallow and I felt the muscles of my throat working under his fingertips as they drew the delectable juices into the pit of my stomach.

"Mmmmmm......mmmmmmmm.......MMMMMMMMMMM!" my purrs of pleasure got louder and then my hand shot between my legs and he watch me open my pajama pants and lose out my aching 5 inch cock as slowly a great orgasm coursed through me.

"MMMMMMMM.......MMMMMMM......AAAAAAAHHH" he held me as I trembled and quivered in his hands as I swallowed the last drop of his load and my mouth fell open as I gasped for air. 

I was shaking like a leaf as ecstasy radiated throughout my body. My face was a mask of lust as wave upon wave of pleasure flowed through me.

I finally leaned into him as the final nerve-shattering spasms left me breathless and weak.

"That feels good Uncle Lucas..." I said with a sigh of relief.

"Are you okay babe? What happened?"

"It just...well I mean it felt so good with your cock coming in and out of my mouth and then then, it felt even better when you were filling me with your cum and then when you let me swallow it..." I paused for a sec. "I don't know it just felt so good.....I felt all tingly like when you first stoke your cock in front of me I just.....I just had to put my hand down there and then...do the same thing that I did to you....then I got all tremblingly and it hit me." 

"Oh fuck Tommy! You almost came just from me filling your mouth with my cum. My God! Oh my little babe. That's beautiful. I'm glad you could cum that easily. If it makes you feel that good to have my cock shoot off in your mouth, we'll see how often we can do that this weekend. Okay?" I nodded enthusiastically.

"Good. But right now, some of my cum leaked out of your mouth. We don't want it to go to waste now, do we?" he reached up and took his finger and swiped up a glob that was covering her chin.

"There was so much of it Uncle Lucas! I tried to keep as much in my mouth like you wanted me too but I couldn't. You were pumping to much cum in my mouth that I can't handle it like just what you say. Sorry Uncle Lucas for not holding them all in my mouth." I had that insecure look on my face as I watch him.

"You were perfect Tommy baby." he said comfortingly as he slid his cum covered finger between my pouting lips. 

I closed them lovingly over his invading finger and sucked at it insistently as I lapped up the creamy seed. 

He slid it back and forth and then withdrew it to wipe up and feed me the overflowing remnants of his massive load. 

Soon, my chin and neck were clean of his discharge and it was all collecting in a nice warm spot in the pit of my stomach.

I sat back on his bed and as I ran my tongue once more around my swollen lips, I reached down at my cum filled pants and cleaned my own cum stains from my hand to my aching mouth.

He continue to watch me as I licked my slick fingers clean. Then I look up at him he was smiling down at me.

"Wow you really like cum huh Tommy?" he teased.

I blush lightly as I nodded my head for an answer. "Ummm Uncle Lucas back then you called me a cock sucker....Um I good on it really Uncle Lucas?" I asked tenderly.

"Fuck Yes your a great cock sucker Tommy. I could even let you suck my cock for the hole night but I also need to have a rest in order for me to feed you more milk for tomorrow." he replied.

"Ohhh...Umm is still there more right now Uncle Lucas? Your milky cum I mean." I pointed at his huge egg shape balls.

"Uhhhh....well I think there more there right now but I think your already tired. I already feed you at least three loads today so I think you better rest for a while then we can continue it tomorrow morning." he said with a smile on his face.

My face fell as I felt a bit disappointed knowing I'm going back to sleep in my bed. I slowly move body out of his bed slowly walk strait at the door when suddenly a his hand grip my shoulders.

"Hey Tommy if you really need to more milk right now...why won't you stay for a while then? After all a nice midnight snack is also good for growing little boys like you." he said with a reassuring smile in his face.

A smile came over my face as I jump back at his bed. He went back to his position as before and watch me as I grip his semi hard member into my aching hands and mouth again.....

to be continued....