 *Actually I got this idea from a story that I recently read. It was so hot that I thought to create my own version of it. I hope you like it! 

*

Hello guys my name is Tommy I don't really know what's my last name at all. After being raised in a orphanage the Nuns didn't say a word about my parents, they just told us that we were gift from God and we were sent from heaven to be a blessing to everyone.

Since then I grown experiencing none about the life outside the orphanage walls. Because the orphanage is not wealthy enough to support all the children living there they set up a rule, every time a child reach 18 we will be sent out of the orphanage and left us to live on our own.

One by one every time a child reach 18 they were sent out, then came my day. At first the Nun's were troubled about me departing at the orphanage not because I'm a little bit stupid but because of what I look like.

I'm actually short unlike the other kids in the orphanage, with my nice ash blond hair and a nice pair of turquoise colored eyes and my creamy rose skin makes me look like a little kid.

Then came Lucas, (but he prefer to call him Uncle Lucas instead..) Uncle Lucas was a big man with a big muscular athletic body. He towered anyone with his 6'5 unlike my 5'4 I look like just a little midget, if compare to his big frame and broad shoulders. 

He might look like big and mature, but he is still 25. Like me he was also an orphan. 

Living by himself at his farm working all day there makes his skin more darker and tanner. He has this nice chocolate brown eyes that every time our eyes met I could feel my self blush.

Uncle Lucas was also our supplier he owns a big farm not far from the orphanage. He delivers us food, vegetables, and my favorite drink of all milk.

He always came by every week to visit us, every time he visit he always come by my room to have a little chat. We became friends when the first time we meet each other.

Not until the day of my departure that Uncle Lucas took me as a boy assistant for him at the farm. Since then I now lived at Lucas house were I help hi work in his farm.

Until one night I just finish on taking a bath and already wearing my pajamas when I heard some strange noises from Uncle Lucas room.

I went by his room, there he left the door partly open. I came close at his door and try to peek a little.

I saw the TV set was On. It was my first time seeing a TV even though there was a TV in the living room but I didn't even try to turn it on or come close to it, I'm a bit scared that I might destroy it or something.

The TV was showing a image of a woman she was stripping her cloths and was now playing with her "enlarge chest". Well I never seen such thing, even though I understand about the difference between a boy and a girl I still didn't understand why we were different in physical.

Girls has this big melons growing in the chest while boys are just bulky but not like girls at all. I even heard about the other boys talk about stuff about girls how cute they are, or how nice would it feel to touch there soft body.

But to me I see girls as friends. I didn't feel a thing with them at all. Not until I meet Lucas that I'm experiencing some strange feelings.

But right now my eyes glued at the TV screen as the camera focused to another person. There were two guys sitting next to the woman, they were kissing and holding her.

At first I didn't get what they were doing not until one of the guys strip in front of the camera that I heard my self gasp, I could feel something growing under my pants also.

The guy was stripping his shirt off as he show off his nice hot body. His muscles ripped in his every move as the woman move her hands on the larger guys body. 

The other man did the same but unlike the other guy he took hold of the larger guys chest as he suck one of the guys nipples.

The woman in the other hand move to the smaller guy as she slowly massage the smaller guys bulge pants. 

Then suddenly the shorter guy took hold of the bigger guys pants as he tug off his pants out of the bigger guys body as big like snake came out of it. Then the smaller guys took hold of it as he slowly stoke it with his hands.

Then something came out of the corner of my eyes as I watch Uncle Lucas do the same thing with his thing. I could hear my self gasp loudly as I watch in awe in what his doing.

The suddenly the screen came to halt the door leading to his room suddenly open as I fell down as I watch Uncle Lucas at the doorway looking down at me, his legs spreed wide open with out any cloths on to cover his very tight and muscular body.

"Tommy? What are you doing there?" Uncle Lucas asked me. I lifted my eyes to protest but no word came out, instead my eyes didn't reach his face but it did focus on one thing, and that is the thing that was slowly growing at his bushy groin area.

"Oh my God! Whats that thing!" I shouted as I point my finger at the weird big snake that was growing in front of me.

I heard him laugh at my reaction. "Haven't you ever seen a grown man's cock before?" Uncle Lucas asked me.

"Cock? What's that?" I asked him blankly.

"What you haven't seen a real man cock before? What do you mean whats that? This thing is what we call cock." He grab his sna- I mean his cock right in front of me. "Someday yours will look like this too." he said that with a smile in face as he continue to sway his cock in front of me.

I stared at his cock for a while. It doesn't really look like mine at all. Mine were so small if you compare it to him and it was still growing in his hands.

Then he suddenly released it from his grasp his cock sprung forth and just missed hitting in my face as it unfurled and rose to stand up proudly at its semi-full 9" length.

"Oh God!" I said as stared stared at it as if hypnotized. "It's big." I watched it intently as it bobbed with every heartbeat. The engorged head was a dark crimson and the corona flared out menacingly atop the thick pulsing shaft. 

"Hahahaha actually its still in his waking stage so its still half hard. Not until you see when it's fully erect." He stood before me totally naked with his heavy cock pointing toward me. "Want to see it get really hard?" he asked me.

At first I thought he might be joking but by looking at his serious face he was telling the truth! Because of my curiosity I look up at him and replied:"OK..."

"Hahaha it's OK everyone's curios about something, but before I show it to you why won't you get in here I don't want you to see me stroking my cock while you watch here in my bedroom door right?"

I felt my self blush as I went inside his room. There he sat on a couch that was facing the TV.

"OK just sit in front of me, is that OK?" I nod in agreement. "OK hang on." then slowly he toke his half hard cock as he stroke it nice and hard. It didn't take a minute that his cock stand up proudly at its full 11" inch length.

It was so big that my eyes can't stop on looking at his cock. I could see how it throb in his hands and how it slowly leaks.

Leaks? "What's that shiny white stuff at the end of your cock Uncle Lucas?" I asked eagerly.

"That's what we called pre-cum. It means when a man is excited it leaks pre-cum. The more excited the man get, the more pre-cum comes out the end. Well as you can see I'm leeking pre-cum so it means I'm exited." a smile came to his face.

What his exited about this? Well I can't deny even I'm exited my self. After all this is the first time I ever saw grown man pen-no i mean cock.

"It's so big, very much bigger compared to mine." I could feel my hand twitch as my thoughts would like to reach out and hold his cock. 

"Want to touch it? You can you know." Uncle Lucas said with a weird smile in his face.

What did he say? Did I hear him wrong? Did he say I could touch it.

"Okay come here baby." He said as he spread his legs wide. I crawled forward on my knees until I was kneeling at the front of the couch, his hard dick in the perfect location for my hands.

"Just reach out and put your hand around it," He said as he nodded towards his thrusting cock encouragingly. 

I reached out with one tentative hand as he watched enraptured as I let my nervous fingers close around the shaft of his cock.

"It's so big I can't even close my hand around it. Am I doing the right thing, Uncle Lucas?" I asked nervously.

"That's all right, baby. Now, get a pretty firm grip on it and let your hand slide up and down around the shaft." I let my little hand tighten slightly on his throbbing rod and then I started to slide my hand upwards. 

"Wow it feels so hot touching it Uncle Lucas." I said as I move with my hands the outer sheath of his cock skin up and down. "And it's sticky too." My eyes flicked up to the glistening piss-slit as more pre-cum started to ooze forth from the tip of his cock as it slowly drip down my waiting fingers, making them sleek when I slowly stroke his hard cock.

"Why don't you put your other hand around it, Tommy? I think there's room for two finger to play with it." He said as he settled back in the couch and let me explore his hard manhood. "Fuck yes that feels good Tommy." 

I reached up and put my other hand below the first one and then both hands worked in unison as I stroke his hard cock. I could hear him moan for every thrust of my finger at his swollen dick. 

"Yes! Show uncle that your good at this and your loving it baby." he reach out and pat my hair as I continue to stroke him. I could feel him looking down at me but my eyes were to focus at stroking his magnificent penis.

I quickly got into a smooth rhythm as my two hands worked enthusiastically as I pumped away at his virile manhood. 

I looked down at his hard and throbbing manhood I could see his balls start to draw up in their sack as he continued to moan silently.

"I'm going to cum soon, Tommy. When stuff starts to come out the end, just keep on doing what you're doing with your hands until I tell you to stop, okay?" Did he say stuff coming out of it? Is he going to pee on me? 

"Okay, Uncle Lucas," I said as my eyes focused anxiously on the tip of his cock as I continued on double-fisteing and pumping his hard 11 inched cock.

"Yes! that's it! I'm getting closer baby!" I could see his hips move with every stroke. It took only a few strokes and I felt the rush of semen as it sped to the base of his cock.

"OH FUCK! I'M GOING TO CUM!!!" The first blast jet out from the end of his cock and launch high into the air and with a splash in a large puddle on his novel, abs and sweaty chest. 

"AAAGHHHHGGHHHH!!! FUCK!!!" It was quickly followed by a second and third thick ropey strand that burst forth spilling and fall in glistening milky gobs on his sweaty chest and stomach.

"My God!" I heard my self say as I kept up her two-handed jacking of his erupting cock. I continued to pump as he shot after milky shot of cum spewed forth. 

"FUCK! YES!!! MILK ME!!! MILK ME!!!" His chest, abs and stomach were a mess as I continue to milk him, his cum shot out splashing nosily at his body."FUCKING YES!!! FUCK MY COCK HARD!!!" 

Then finally few shots ran down onto my milking hands as his orgasm subside slowly. I could see his orgasm was incredibly intense that he was gasping and groaning for breath. He finally started to come down from his climax and reached out to grasp my wrist.

"Okay, babe. That felt fucking good!!!" He said between ragged breaths. I kept my hands still on my pulsing cock but did not release it from my clutching grasp.

"Uncle Lucas, that was the best thing ever! Look at that white stuff on you." We both looked down at the milky puddles and ribbons of cum covering his sweaty chest and sticky stomach. "There's even some on my hands. Is that what big men sperm looks like?" I asked excitedly.

"Well, sperm is just part of that, honey. It's also called semen but some people call it 'cum'." I reach out one hands as I played it with my fingers. It was warm and so thickly sticky.

"Did I do it good, Uncle Lucas?" I asked shyly.

"Oh, you did just perfectly good! I couldn't have asked for you to do it again and again. So what do you think?"

"I loved it," I said enthusiastically. "Your cock was so warm and sticky in my hand and it felt good to play with it too! And then when that white stuff...i mean the cum shot out of your cock! It was the coolest thing ever! Can we do that again, Uncle Lucas?" I asked anxiously.

"Hahaha!!! Wow your a bit rush babe. Let's wait for a few minutes, ok babe? I just need a few minutes to rest then you can do that again if you want. Since you're learning we call that playing thing 'handjob' some call it 'jacking someone off' but to you I want you to call it 'milking me dry' cause it suits you." he smile warmly at me as he pat my hair.

"I liked milking you dry, Uncle Lucas," I said shyly. "Should I get some cloth or towel or something and wipe up all that cum out of your belly, Uncle Lucas?" I ask trying to change the subject.

"I guess you could if you want, but it would kind of be a waste," he said cunningly a weird smile came again in his face.

"What do you mean?" I asked with a quizzical look on my face my other hand still holding his half hard cock while the other was still playing at hid cum.

"Well, there are so many benefits of cum to a young manlike you, it would be a waste to just wipe it up. It's great for the complexion when it's rubbed into your skin. And of course, if you take it internally, it helps you grow taller makes you healthy." he said.

"Really? Internally you mean like drinking it?" I felt my self blush by just the though of it.

"Yeah, that's the best way to take it to help you grow tall and became more healthier. Even better than rubbing it onto them." he said still with that weird smile in his face.

"But how could it help me become healthier?" I asked quizzically.

"Think of it as...milk. Well as you can see milk is rich in calcium and other vital nutrients. It's an important part of any balanced diet for every growing child, like you of course." he said a big grin flashing in his face.

I could feel my self blush as I watch those milky fluid at his stomach as my finger continue to play with it. "Do I had to milk you dry again in order for me to have your cum again, Uncle Lucas?"

"Well what makes it fascinating is the way in which it is collected. All kinds of methods that you you can do in order to take that out of me. The High-tech methods are used nowadays in the milking process, and The Manual Method well as you can see that's what you are doing to me." he grin as he tug his half hard cock in front of me.

"But of course, nothing can still beat the personal touch of a skilled extractor. Of course, the best kind of milk is what we around here call Man Milk." he pointed at his cum. "It's full of protein and rich, creamy goodness and only milked from the most healthy of specimens as you as you can see that would be me. If you drink it every day so you can get big and strong like me." 

"Wow so you drink them your self too Uncle Lucas?" I asked.

"Hahahaha no I don't. As you can see I'm already big and strong, instead of me taking it I'm the one providing it." he replied. 

I look up at his nice sticky cum filled body as I imagine my self drinking it everyday. Milking Uncle Lucas everyday means doing that thing to him everyday!

"Well, you can go get that cloth if you want but hey why don't you try licking a little off your hands first. Maybe you'll like it, just think of it as your drinking a spilled milk.."

"Okay." He watched me intently as I released his deflating cock and brought my other two hands towards my face. The one that had been on top most of the time was covered with slimy trails of his seed was my fingers. 

Then he brought his hand in front of my face and he watched as my tongue slid out into a milky ribbon on the back of my sticky hand and withdrew a long strand of cum followed it back in between my parted lips. 

He watched my face as I got my first taste of man-milk. My throat contracted as I swallowed my first blob of man juice into my mouth.

"Well, what do you think?" he asked.

"It's a little bit salty, but it's warm and creamy too. I kind of like it." I said as he gave me a beaming smile.

"That's good babe. Why don't you lick up the rest and then I'll be ready for to give a dose of milk for you to drink with." He sat back and watched me lick my hands clean and then I leaned forward over him.

I could feel my tongue run along the skin of his sticky stomach as I dive my tongue into a puddle of cum. I lapped and sucked it noisily as I moved forwards to slurp up the first big gob that had fallen on his sticky chest. I could taste his milky cum combine with his sweet musky sweat.

"Yummmm," I started subconsciously purring like a kitten as I lapped up his creamy seed. I kept on busy on sucking and licking his cum streak skin until his chest and stomach were glistening with drying trails of my saliva.

As I continue on licking, I felt his cock starting to swell again and it was sitting at about half-mast between my neck by the time I was finished.

"Yummm, that taste good, Uncle Lucas. Can I milk you now?" I asked with an exited look on my face.

"Okay, just one second babe. I know something that will make this even better for both of us. I'll be right back."

He left her kneeling in front of the couch as he hurriedly went into the bedroom. I remained in my place kneeling if front of the couch, still fully clothed in my pajamas. 

Then I look up then I saw him holding some bottle and a couple of CD's. Then that weird smile flash once more at his face as he look down at me.

"Are you ready for another man-milk boy?" he asked me.

"Yes sir!" I replied eagerly.

To be continued...