 Part 01 should be read first.

*****

Chapter 18 Martin tells his story

I was born in the city of Sheffield. My mother died when I was quite young and my father brought me up single-handed with some help from a resident housekeeper in whom he had no sexual interest whatsoever. There was no shortage of money in the family, as my father had a highly paid job in local government, working in the finance department of the city council. Accordingly, I was sent to an expensive private day school. However at the comparatively young age of 14, I was expelled for "breaches of the school's disciplinary code." The school made no secret to my father of what had happened, and I told him the full story. 

I had been frightened that he would explode with anger and thrash me, but instead he was very sympathetic. He said "It seems that you are gay, and that means that you may have a difficult life. I think that sending you now to a state school would be rather disastrous because it would not be long before the people at school discovered that you were gay. Accordingly I am going to find a private tutor for you, so that you can study at home." This loving and sympathetic response to teenage stupidity made me realize just how much I loved my father. For years he had struggled to be both father and mother to me, but it was not until now that I realized how much he loved me. I also realized for the first time how lonely he was, and I resolved to spend as much time in his company as I could. This led to me asking to accompany him to the one major love of his life: the opera. So we regularly went to Covent Garden and Glyndebourne and attended all the opera touring companies that came to Sheffield, and within a year I too was hooked on opera.

It took a few months for my father to find a suitable tutor for me in spite of quite extensive advertising, but eventually an elderly man was found, a retired teacher. He was very understanding and an excellent teacher. He could teach me, he said, any language that I wished to learn as well as history, mathematics, English, geography and some science. But, he told me, his big expertise was Greek and Roman history and languages. Knowing that ancient Greek society was riddled with homosexuality, I decided that I wanted to study the classics. When I got to sixteen and had to take my GCSE exams, I sat them as an external candidate in a nearby college of further education, and got A or A* in every subject.

Mr Ellerton, as he was called, then went on to teach me Latin and Greek part-time for A Level, while for other courses I went part-time to the further education college. I was rather lonely at home with no boys of my age for company, so it was good for me to mix at college with boys and girls of my own age or older. I was of course not interested in the girls.

This does not sound like the story of a boy who went on to one of the best universities in the world to study classics. How did I come to get a place at Camford? I have to thank both my father and Mr Ellerton for this. In those days some colleges had their own entrance exams. Mr Ellerton, who was an M.A. of Sanguis Christi College, knew that Sanguis had such an exam, limited to students of the classics and the humanities. I did my A Levels and got As or A*s in Latin, Greek, English and French. My father said to me, "Martin, you need to take a study year. Mr Ellerton will give you further tuition, and early in January you can do the Sanguis entrance exam. It carries with it a scholarship of £500 a year. You'll get the usual student loan to pay your fees if you get in, but I will give you £1000 a month for you to live on and another thousand a month during term for pocket money. If you get in, you will fulfil a childhood dream of mine that I never realized. In the meantime, although your study with Mr Ellerton will continue, I expect you to get a supermarket job for a couple of days per week, because you have to learn to work for a living."

Thanks to Mr Ellerton's brilliant one-to-one tuition, I did rather well in the entrance exam, and got a place and a first-year scholarship. The college arranged for me to start my studies in classics in the October. Until then, I worked as a shelf-stacker and checkout boy in the Qualmart supermarket. This contact with the general public was very good for me, and my people skills improved immensely.

The two years at further education college had given me enormous confidence. I was streets ahead of most of the other students academically, I played basketball with some success, and I had some sexual adventures with gay friends of my own age (I was eighteen by then), which made me sure and self-confident about my sexuality. Apart from the basketball, my studies took up all the rest of my time.

I felt a bit worried about my father being lonely when I went up to Sanguis, and we agreed that we would talk on the phone at least once a week, as well as E-mailing one another regularly. "I don't really mind you being away," he told me. "After all, you are fulfilling my dearest wish for you. Camford terms are only eight weeks. I can put up with the lack of company for that time. Besides, now that you are out of the house, I have time to look for a girlfriend!"

In my first term, I was a bit lonely. I did not want to come out by joining the GLBT group. I was friendly with the guys on my staircase, and we went into dinner together and once a week to the pub. But after Christmas I found myself in a lecture sitting next to a guy who instantly attracted me. He was tall but rather skinny in build with dark crew-cut hair. It is difficult to be more specific about what I found attractive in him, but we fell into conversation and I introduced myself. In reply, he told me that although he was a freshman, he was a year younger than me and was at Boni's. We compared notes about the lectures we were following, and found that we had about 70% of our lectures in common. In Camford, no student has a fixed pattern of university lectures. Although there is complete freedom of choice of lecture modules, the student's individual choice is heavily influenced by his or her tutor's recommendations. So we knew that we would see each other several times a week. 

After having had lunch together for several days, I realized that I was strongly attracted to Tommy, as he was called, and it was his personality, not his body, that fascinated me. Indeed, I think that I was beginning to fall in love with him long before the first time that I saw him naked. It turned out that we were both keen on swimming, and were both members of the Camford Men's Fitness Centre. I had joined it because I was told that it was a good place to meet gays, he had joined it because his parents had given him membership as a gift. He told me later that one of his fathers had founded the Centre many years before. Of course when I did see him naked in the pool changing room, I was even more attracted. His body was slender rather than skinny, he had a huge area of black pubic hair out of which a very respectably sized cock poked alluringly. Behind, he was totally hairless, not merely on his back, but his arse as well was smooth as a baby's. His was the kind of figure that you want to wrap your arms around. No wonder that the first time I saw him naked, I got a massive boner. He had soft hair on his arms and legs that was lighter in colour than his pubic hair and every time I saw his bare arms or legs, I wanted to rub my hands over them. He was then, totally sweet and alluring, and I wanted him to be mine for ever.

Chapter 19 Tommy visits Sheffield I

Tommy was glad to be home with David and Jon. They arranged to spend Easter with David's parents at Rockwell's Barn, and his sister Cathy and her husband would also be there. A few days after he got home, a phone call from Martin invited Tommy to come to Sheffield for five days. 

Tommy decided to drive. It was only about 200 km, and he would have his GPS with him. Tommy had passed the driving test the year before, and his parents had given him the car and also paid an enormous sum in insurance because he was under 26. The car was kept at Octavia Avenue and was sometimes used by his parents during term time. Because driving in Camford is difficult and parking practically non-existent, in term, Tommy walked or used his bike.

So, on a fine Monday morning, Tommy set off to drive to Sheffield and arrived at Martin's house in the early afternoon. Martin lived in a leafy suburb on top of one of the numerous hills on which the city is built. The house dated from before World War I, and was stone-built and double fronted, with both ground- and first-floor bay windows on each side of the front door. Martin's bedroom was a large room in the attic, under the roof and had two double beds and an en-suite bathroom.

At one time Sheffield had been the place where all the best table cutlery in the world was made, but the industry had been more or less extinguished by cheap Korean stainless steel ware. Special steels were still an important industrial product, but the city was striving very successfully to reinvent itself away from manufacturing. It had two large universities, and the centre of the city was always crowded with students, so Tommy felt quite at home there.

Martin greeted him with great enthusiasm, though of course he could not kiss him publicly. He introduced Tommy to his father, who welcomed him warmly, and to Mrs Stephenson the housekeeper, who eyed him with curiosity. They went for a walk in the afternoon so that Martin could explain the plans for the week. "It seemed sensible for you to have the other bed in my room," he said. Both are of a decent size, so we can take turns to sleep together in each other's bed! No-one minds what we do. Mrs Stephenson is very nice when you get to know her. She was very kind to me when I was younger, though I have never thought of her as a mother figure. My father has got tickets for the three of us for an opera performance at the theatre on Wednesday. It's Così fan Tutte, so I hope you like opera!"

"Oh yes, I'm quite fond of opera, and I've never seen Così, even though it was one of my father's favourite roles." said Tommy. "My father is an opera singer, though he is now mostly retired."

"REALLY? My father will be thrilled. What's his name?"

"David Singleton-Scarborough, the same surname as mine. He still sings occasionally in oratorio and concerts, but mainly he teaches, both privately and for students of the London music colleges and Camford music department. Indeed he's an honorary fellow of Boni's."

"I'm an opera obsessive. I think I must inherit that from my father."

"Well, going to opera is something that we can do together." Tommy replied. "I want to do things other than going to the pics with you!" 

"Well, we can start tonight by going to bed together!"

It was a beautiful warm afternoon and they walked along the banks of one of the small rivers that join together to meet the river Don in Sheffield. The land adjacent to the river is flood plain, and so was never built on, and now forms a narrow ribbon of parkland leading out of the city into the surrounding countryside. At one point in the walk the boys passed through a small wood. Martin grabbed Tommy and led him into a dense cluster of trees, where he put his arms round him and kissed him passionately. Tommy, to his own surprise responded by kissing Martin back, and kept his arms round him. They stood there, wrapped up in each other's arms until they heard the sound of approaching voices. By now, Tommy was beginning to get used to Martin's passionate declarations of love and his loving embraces. Indeed he was beginning to enjoy them. It was much more enjoyable and exciting than anything that he had experienced with Carol. 

After walking about 3 km or so along the riverside park, they turned back and retraced their route to Martin's house. On their return they were tidying themselves up and getting ready for dinner when Martin said to Tommy, "Mrs Stephenson will be joining us for dinner tonight. Normally she eats on her own, because she prefers it that way, but for both you and her to get to know one another, Dad and I felt that sharing a meal was the best way to do it.

While Mrs Stephenson was busy in the kitchen completing the arrangements for the meal, Mr Robinson invited the boys to drink sherry with him in his study. "You're both reading classical languages. How long have you known one another?" Martin's father asked him.

"Only this term," replied Martin enthusiastically, "but we've really hit it off together. Both of us were a little bit lonely during our first term, although Tommy did go out with a girl a few times. One thing I ought to tell you" continued Martin enthusiastically, "is that one of Tommy's fathers is David Singleton-Scarborough, the operatic tenor!"

"Really?" Mr Robinson replied. "I've been an admirer of his for years. Pity that he has more or less given up stage work."

"That's because it left him with no home life," said Tommy. "When my older brother and sister were young, he was only at home 50% of the time, so he missed a lot of their childhood. And by the time that I was adopted at the age of ten, he had already reduced his stage work to a few appearances per year. Maybe I should have explained that my parents are two gay men in civil partnership. My other cofather, Jonathan, effectively did most of the child-rearing. Consequently, he sacrificed his career as a scientist rather than pay someone to bring up us three children. They could comfortably have afforded to delegate child care to others, but they chose to look after us children themselves. They combined it with learning Italian, and they now speak it well, which is why I did Italian at school and hope to major in it later in my course.

"Maybe I should say that there are a lot of gay men in our family. My elder brother Luke lives in Italy with his partner, and my Italian cousin Sandro is the civil partner of Lord Batley, and they live in the Cotswolds."

"Are you and Martin in some kind of relationship, then?" asked Mr Robinson.

"Not yet!" replied Tommy. "Martin wants us to be, but I have not yet said yes, because I've also got a girlfriend, and I want first to end things with her, but I want it to be amicable, so I will have to proceed slowly. But I am probably going to say yes to him. It has all been rather sudden as far as I am concerned. I grew up anxious to distance myself from the gays in our family. I was sure that I was heterosexual, but it looks as though I was wrong. Martin and I do not yet know everything about one another. Indeed, there are things that I've just told you that he didn't know."

At this point, Mrs Stephenson called that dinner was ready and the three men joined her in the dining room. She was a good cook and the meal was excellent, with quite a lot of wine consumed. Tommy tried to be on his best behaviour, which meant that he did not talk a lot. Mr Robinson led the conversation. He was interested to hear that Tommy had been born and lived all his life in Camford and everyone at the table was most entertained to hear that he never went home during term, as his parents had forbidden it. They said that higher education meant living away from home and learning to be independent. Martin was particularly happy during the meal because of what Tommy had said about their relationship. Every day he wanted Tommy more and more.

They spent that night together in Martin's bed. They were too tired for sex, but Tommy found that snuggling up against the warmth of Martin's body was one of the most enjoyable experiences he had ever had. To know that he only had to reach out to touch or kiss his friend would have kept him awake if he had not been so tired. The next morning Martin got out of bed early and brought them tea. As the boys were expected to make their own beds, there were no awkward questions to answer.

Chapter 20 Tommy visits Sheffield II 

After breakfast, they took the car and drove out of Sheffield northwards to the village of Langsett, which is in the middle of a large drinking-water-collecting area with several reservoirs. Because of this there are few habitations, and lots of excellent walks. 

They took a picnic lunch and around 1-00 pm, sat down in the shelter of a drystone wall to eat and snog. To Martin's surprise, the initiative in kissing came from Tommy, who put his arm round his friend and began kissing him on the lips before moving to his neck and nibbling it with his teeth. "Well, well!" he murmured, "You have speeded up your lovemaking!" 

"Yes," muttered Tommy, "Carol is a long way away, she's cooling off, and in any case, she has exams next term. So, I reasoned, Martin is here and he wants me, so it's time to say yes!" And with that he resumed kissing and cuddling. Martin wriggled with delight and lay back and let Tommy do his best. Before he realized what was happening, Tommy had unzipped his fly and was feeling inside his trousers. He negotiated his way through Martin's underpants and got hold of his dick and pulled it out through the fly. He could feel it stiffening as he did so. He shifted his position to improve access and in no time Martin's manhood was in his mouth. 

"Keep your upper teeth behind your lip unless you want to bite my cock off, you dirty cock-sucker!" said Martin, as he grinned with pleasure. He realized that Tommy was a novice at fellatio. Novice as he was, however, Tommy succeeded in giving Martin enormous pleasure as he licked the cock head and nibbled Martin's foreskin. He then took the cock further into his mouth, feeling the lumps and ridges on the shaft, before opening his mouth wide and letting Martin fuck his mouth cavity. It was not long before Martin came violently and shot his load into Tommy's mouth. Fortunately, the volume of jism was not too big for him to savour before he swallowed it.

"That's the first time that I've ever tasted someone else's come!" said Tommy. 

"What, and you come from a gay family! Didn't your fathers teach you ANYTHING about sex?" 

"No, because I was adopted, they were dead scared that if they did, someone would shop them to Social Services, and they would be accused of child abuse. So, as I told you, they never swam naked in our pool when I was there."

"In that case, I'm going to have to teach you! And I know that I'm going to enjoy it! Do you want me to wank you off or suck you now?"

"No, it can wait till tonight."

Martin stood up and replaced his penis in his clothing and zipped up his fly. "Come on then, let's get walking!" They continued walking and as they were climbing a hill, Tommy said, rather breathlessly, "I'm sorry Martin, but I need to fart!" He then let a noisy series of anal explosions, and grinned sheepishly. Martin in turn smiled. "It's a good job that we're in the open air!" he said, "Otherwise you might have gassed me! But at least I won't be embarrassed next time I need to let one off."

They walked about 10 km before returning to the car park. Martin wanted to go in the pub, but Tommy refused, as he had to drive home. They got in just before dinner. The evening was spent watching television, and they went to bed about 11-30. "Nothing energetic tonight, we're too tired," said Martin. But you've got such a lovely arse, I want to give it some attention. I don't suppose that you've ever been rimmed. Let's see how you like it!"

He got Tommy to kneel on the bed in the "jockey's starting position" on hands and knees with his arse in the air. He then applied his face to Tommy's arse-crack. Unlike the outer parts of the cheeks, there was a thin coating of hair in the crack. He nuzzled the sides of the crack, he licked the hair and stuck his tongue into Tommy's starfish. No matter how much he pushed, he did not get it inside, so the rimming experience could scarcely be described as penetrative. But he enjoyed this most intimate of acts with much pleasure. As for Tommy, he nearly went crazy with delight, especially as Martin was caressing his hips and tickling his belly. After a half hour of pleasure, they washed, cleaned their teeth, before Tommy said his prayers and they both hopped into Tommy's bed. "Martin, that was fantastic! You make love so wonderfully that I'm afraid that I'm going to get addicted to sex with you! It's just so much more enjoyable than sex with Carol, because I'm always struggling to please her, without really knowing what she wants. With you, though, I know exactly what you want because I want it too!"
