 I woke up to the sound of the alarm clock going off. I groggily came awake and sat up on my elbows. I was a little confused at first about where I was but through the early morning light starting to filter in through the windows.

It all quickly came back to me about yesterday. Me watching Uncle Lucas stroke that big beautiful hard cock as he feed me his yummy delicious man milk. I could feel myself smiling as I pictured it again in my head.

"Morning Tommy." I heard Uncle Lucas said behind me. I looked down and noticed right away that we are both naked in his bed while he was holding the sheet that was around his waist, covering his naked body from my prying eyes. "Did you sleep well?" he asked.

"I....I think so..." I muttered as my eyes ran up and down his muscular body. 

"Good. You've got a big day ahead of you. Breakfast will be served up shortly. But before that l have to feed you first for your early morning breakfast." With that he move his hands downward, taking the sheet of his muscular buddy ah he displayed his semi-hard 9'inch cock in front of me.

His cock was already dripping with white sticky pre-cum as his cock bob in every heart beat."What are you waiting for? Dig in!" he said as he grin at me while holding his cock up.

I capture the broad flared crown between my lips but he was too quick for me and drew the tip all around my face. It felt beautiful to have the velvety soft skin of his dick caressing my face and my eyes closed with pleasure and I let out a soft squeal of delight. I rolled my face against the thick heavy log and surrendered myself to the blissful sensation of this big beautiful man allowing me the supreme pleasure of servicing his majestic cock. 

I could feel my little cock starting to harden as the feel and smell of his cock invaded my senses. I let my lips start to slide along the side of his shaft towards the tip and I let out a low groan and looked up at him with lust-filled eyes. He smiled down at me broadly as my lips approached the tip. 

My thoughts return yesterday's events when I used my mouth on his beautiful cock all night long. It felt like a dream come true. I felt my cock throb as I thought about it and quickly slipped my lips over his broad flared crown and coated it in a warm bath of saliva. 

"Oh yeah, that's it. Get it nice and wet, Kid. I like that. You can take that load as fast as you like." he said as he leaned back slightly and put an arm out to each side as he supported himself on the bed. I could feel the big knob swelling in my mouth and based on what he'd said about taking this load out of him as quickly as I could, I reached out with my hand and slipped it around his thick veiny shaft. 

"Mmmmm," I let out another blissful purr as I felt my little hand wrap around that smooth warm shaft for the first time. My circling fingers couldn't even touch my thumb and it wasn't even completely hard yet. I inched closer and reached out with my other hand and slipped it around his long cock below my first hand. It was quickly lengthening and thickening beneath my shucking hands and vacuuming mouth. I moaned and groaned in pleasure at the luscious feeling of that stiffening monster finally within my grasp. 

"Oh fuck, Kid, you've got a great mouth," Unlce Lucas said as I let a big mouthful of saliva wash over his cock-head. I let my stretched lips open slightly so the slick fluid oozed out the corners of my mouth and ran down his hardening shaft in glistening rivulets. 

I kept pushing more saliva to the front of my mouth and let it feed down towards my shucking hands. They were becoming slipperier and slipperier and within another minute or two, my hands and mouth were totally filled with 11" of hard thick cock. 

"Mmmmmm," I moaned in pure rapture as I sucked and licked at the huge knob trapped within my mouth. I could feel my own cock sticking up hard as a rock between my legs as I set myself and started to bob my head up and down on that huge glorious cock.

I could feel the slippery saliva running beneath my hands and I spun my jacking hands slowly in a tantalizing corkscrewing motion up and down along the exposed shaft beneath my sucking mouth. I slowly swirled my tongue all around the big plum-shaped head and tasted the silky nectar of his pre-cum. I slid the tip of my tongue right into the opening at the very tip and teased it mercilessly. 

"Oh fuck, yeah!!!" he said with a low groan and then rewarded me with pulsing gob of his silky fluid. I slid my tongue back and swallowed the tasty morsel. As the salty nectar slid down my throat, I slowly licked all around that big pulsing cock-head with the flat of my tongue.

My own cock was absolutely throbbing with need as wave upon wave of desire flowed through me. The warm silky taste of his pre-cum had only been a teaser, I needed more. And this time, I wanted the real thing; all of his massive creamy load.

"Oh yeah....not much longer baby.....and then you'll get a nice big reward..." he said as I flicked my eyes up and saw him looking down at me lasciviously. My head was bobbing up and down quickly now as I voraciously closed my lips just beneath the dark purple ridge of his corona. 

I sucked and licked wantonly at the engorged cock-head as I transformed my mouth into a moist vacuuming orifice for his lustful pleasure. I could hear him breathing more raggedly so I slid my hands down to the base of his cock and started scratching all around the taut skin there. 

"Oh fuck, that's good," he growled as I tortuously drew my nails all around the smooth shaven skin at the thick hard base. I could feel his cock get just a tiny bit stiffer in my mouth and I saw his balls drawing up closer to his body in their smooth protective sack. 

"OH FUCK TOMMY.....HERE IT COMES!!!!!" he bellowed out a warning just as he started to flood my mouth. The first shot spat forcefully against the back of my mouth but I was a little more ready for it this time. 

I could feel the scintillating sensation as it pasted itself on the warm moist surfaces at the back of my mouth before falling in a big puddle on my tongue. It was incredibly thick and I could taste the strong masculine flavor of his delicious cum already as it settled on my taste-buds.

"Mmmmm...." I let out a mew of blissful pleasure as the second, third and fourth shot jettisoned forth into my welcoming mouth. His spewing cock was throbbing in my mouth as he continued to unload. Gob after thick creamy gob spat forth onto my waiting tongue as I sucked and licked voraciously from his erupting cock. 

My mouth quickly filled and I could feel little trickles of the warm cream sliding from the corners of my mouth and down my chin. I took one hand and wrapped it around the veiny shaft and tried to pump as much of the delicious seed out of him as I could.  

His cock just kept shooting as he fed me wad after wad of his massive load. I swallowed and when my mouth filled once more, I swallowed again. I was purring constantly now as his pearly semen left a smooth silky coating along my throat as it made its way to my stomach. 

"GET IT ALL, TOMMY!!!!" he told me as his pulsating cock oozed out the last few drops of that delicious silvery seed. I was tingling all over and as I sucked and lapped up those final tasty morsels, I dropped my hand to my own lap and started pumping away at my own rock-hard cock. 

"MMMMMM.......MMMMMMM........MMMMMMMHHHHHH!!!!" With my lips still wrapped around his huge flared knob, I squealed noisily as my own orgasm hit. My whole body was shaking with pleasure as I felt the exquisite orgasmic tremors shoot through me. 

I looked down and saw a thin stream of whitish fluid shoot forth from the crimson tip of my cock and splash against the the bed sheets. As my hands continue on pumping furiously at Uncle Lucas cock, aa a second and then a third silvery rope shot forth on my dick. 

I was shaking and my body felt almost totally out of control as the spine-tingling sensations of a wonderful release washed over me time and again. Finally, I felt the delicious sensations start to subside.

I could feel the gobs of Uncle Lucas cum clinging to my chin. I used my fingers to push that delicious overflow into my mouth. I closed my eyes and savored those final morsels as the distinctive taste of his potent seed lingered in my mouth. 

"Wow that feels good Tommy." he said as I continue to clean his semi-hard cock with tongue. "OK I think we better hit the showers." With that, he slowly ease out of bed with me still holding his cock as he headed through the opening into the shower room.  

He turned on the two shower heads side by side next to the far wall. He stood just outside the spray watching me with a sly leer on his face until the water had warmed up enough and then he stepped beneath the far shower head with my hand still holding his cock. 

"Oh yeah, that feels good." he said as he put his head right under the pelting spray as he leaned forward with his hands supporting himself on the wall behind the nozzle. I simply stood and gawked at his impressive masculine physique as the water ran in glistening rivulets down over his sleek muscular form. Oh man, he was an absolute God. I could have stared at him all day long and never got tired of it.

"Get down on your knees Tommy." Uncle Lucas ordered beside me. I turned towards him and dropped to my knees as he had instructed. I looked up at him anxiously awaiting whatever he had planned for me next. He turned sideways to face me and I watched as he took my hand and replace it with his and started jacking up his long flaccid cock. 

"Look at me Tommy." he said and I raised my eyes to look directly into his. "That's the way. I want to look right into your eyes while I'm going to feed your mouth with my cock." I felt a little shudder go through him and then I felt his hot thickening cock as it quickly filling my mouth. 

"Mmmmmm." I let out a blissful purr as I lick his thick cock head. I could see the smile spread over his face as I thirstily drank his pre-cum. I swallowed the hot creamy liquid, I could feeling his nice warm man milk entering my body as he slowly coated my mouth with pre-cum.

"That's my baby boy." he said as he pulled his cock out of my mouth and turned back into the pelting spray of his shower. "Now get yourself cleaned up good and then I'll teach you how to wash me. Make sure you do a good job and use plenty of shampoo, you've got a lot of cum in your hair." I got up off my knees and grabbed the bottle of shampoo from one of the shelves built into the wall.

I put a generous amount on my hand and thoroughly washed my hair. I grabbed a big bar of soap and washed myself from stem to stern. When I was finished, I looked at Uncle Lucas unsure of what he wanted me to do next.

"Pick up that soap and get your hands good and lathered up." he told me as he leaned forward and supported himself against the wall with his muscular arms raised above his head again. "Now wash my back." I got my hands covered in bubbly lather and then set the soap back on the ledge. I moved my hands to the small of his back and started sliding them upwards.

"Oh gosh," I moaned softly as I felt the firm muscles of his back beneath my hands. I slid my hands all over his broad wide back and then I concentrated on his shoulders. Oh man, did his body ever feel incredible under my slippery hands. So firm and smooth and yet you could just feel the latent power of his muscles lurking beneath the surface. 

The rippling chords of his shoulders and upper arms drew my hands like a magnet. I quickly re-lathered my hands and moving to each side, carefully washed the full length of his long arms all the way to the wrist. 

"Don't forget my armpits, he said as my hands slid along each side of his body. I ran my hands up his widening torso until my slippery hands feathered right into his armpits. The skin felt incredibly soft and warm and I gently slid my soapy fingers all over that ticklish skin. 

"Now my legs." I worked up another handful of lather and then wrapped both hands around those his thick left thigh and slowly worked my way down. Like his upper body, his legs felt so strong and powerful beneath my delicate little hands. When I reached his foot, he held it up for me and I massaged it firmly as I ran my soapy fingers all around it and even between his toes. 

"Oh yeah! That's it Tommy...." he said with a little groan as I soaped up my hands again and repeated the procedure with his other leg. When I was done, I got up from my kneeling position and reached for the soap again. 

"Make sure you get lots of soap on your hands this time." he said as he looked over his shoulder at me. "you're gonna be working on my ass for a few minutes." I was elated that I was finally going to get a chance to put my hands on that gorgeous round bum of his. 

I got plenty of lather worked up on my hands and then moved in close behind him. I laid my hands flat on each of those firm round cheeks and then slid them in slow teasing circles. I kept this up for a minute or two and then let my hands move closer and closer to the middle. 

"That's it. Shit Tommy baby." he said as he adjusted his stance slightly and moved his feet a little further to each side. I took that as an invitation but decided to re-lather my hands first. Once I had them good and foamy again. I slid them over that smooth round surface towards the waiting crevice. With my hand near the small of his back I drew one slippery finger teasingly down into the warm moist crack.

"Oh yeah, keep going." he crooned as I slid my exploring hand deeper into the hot dark crease. It felt wickedly smooth and incredibly warm as my slippery hands pressed against the taut skin deep between those luscious cheeks of his. I knew he wanted me to go further so I continued further downwards until I felt my fingertips run over the wrinkled pucker of his sphincter.

"Oh yeah, right there Tommy." he said as he wriggled his rear end against my fingers. I slid both hands in side by side and I let my fingers flick and tease mercilessly around the sensitive wrinkled skin of his hole. As I touched my fingertip right against the tight puckered opening, I was shocked at how hot his hole was to the touch. 

I could feel a jolt of desire go through me at the sinfully wicked scenario I was now a willing part of. I could feel my own little cock rapidly rising between my legs as I played with his bum. He rolled his hips back against my two hands as I continued to rub my fingertips all around and over that little pink rosebud. 

"Oh God, that's good. Your tongue is gonna feel so good in there later on." he said as he looked back at me over his shoulder. "Now get down on your knees and wash my bag from behind." I got a new handful of soap and dropped to my knees as he spread his legs even further apart. I could see those big balls of his hanging freely in his wrinkled loose sack. 

The hot steamy environment of the shower had caused them to relax and hang low and heavy. With my hands full of soapy lather, I reached forward with both hands and cradled those two big orbs. The wrinkled skin of his sack felt silky smooth and incredibly soft under my fingertips. 

"That's it, nice and gentle. Take good care of those boys and maybe they'll work up another big mouthful of cream for you." he said as I gingerly rolled those big round balls all around in the palms of my hands. I couldn't believe how big they were compared to my own little stones. I hefted them in my hands and was amazed at the heavy weight of them. I was picturing them filled with his warm succulent milky cum that I hoped would soon be filling my hungry mouth. 

"Okay, now the front." he said as he stood up, turned around and leaned with his back against the wall.

"OH WOW!" I said with a gasp as my eyes caught sight of his cock. It was sticking straight out from his body as it was clearly getting harder by the minute. He must have been getting aroused while I'd been washing him and when he turned around, there it was, a beautiful swollen cock sticking out from his body at ninety degrees. It was bobbing menacingly up and down with each throbbing beat of his heart. I couldn't take my eyes off it and felt a rush of absolute rapture spiral through my body. 

"You like that?" he asked as he purposely flexed his stomach muscles causing his swelling cock to bob up and down even more, I could see a small strand of pearly pre-cum at the tip of his thick cock.

"Yes, Uncle Lucas." I said in a breathy whisper as my eyes never left that mammoth piece of flesh.

"I can tell." he said with a smirk and nodded towards my midsection. I looked down and could see that my own cock was totally hard and standing fiercely upright between my legs. I guess he wasn't the only one who'd gotten aroused while I was washing him. "You can take care of that later, now finish washing me." 

His firm tone let me know he expected me to get back to the business at hand....literally! I got up off my knees, grabbed the soap and once more got my hands thoroughly lathered up before stepping in front of him. I reached far up and slid my soapy hands over his broad shoulders. I ran my hands over his rippling muscular form and then let my slippery hands work slowly down over his pecs.

"Ohhhhh...." I let out a soft sigh of pleasure as my hands covered his muscular chest. My involuntary little groan brought a smile to his face as I let my hands roam and explore all over the firm contours and delectable curves of his broad chest. 

My fingertips touched the pebbly buds of his nipples and I toyed with them between my soapy fingers until they were hard as little rocks. With the soapy lather covering his wide muscular chest, I quickly soaped up my hands again and moved down to his midsection. I looked at that beautiful firm "six-pack" in awe before I finally slid my both hands down over those taut rippling muscles.

"Uunggh...." I let out another groan of pleasure as my fingers slid over and caressed his beautiful hard stomach. Oh Jesus, it felt tantalizingly sinful the way those firm rolling muscles seemed to draw my touch. My soapy hands slid all over them and then I made my way further down over his shaved abdomen.

As my soapy hands slid teasingly all over his shaved groin, I could see his swelling cock rising higher and higher. I watched wide-eyed as it continued to fill and extend until it was standing straight up stallion-like between his legs. 

"OH JESUS!" I gasped out loud as my hands froze on his body as I simply stood and stared at the magnificent sight of that throbbing 11" erection.

"You're not done yet Tommy" he said as he reached over and passed me the bar of soap. With my eyes glued to the throbbing crimson knob of that glorious hard piece of muscle, I got my hands totally covered with foamy lather. I set the soap back onto the shelf and then reached for his cock as if mesmerized. 

"Start at the base Tommy." he told me and I reached further forward and slid my soapy hands around the thick trunk. The girth of his cock was so big that I used both of my hands working together just to get around it. It felt rock-hard and yet so velvety smooth at the same time. I could see the bluish gnarly veins beneath the surface pulsing as his boiling blood kept that engorged monster standing rigidly upright. 

"Oh yeah, that's it. Keep it going." he said with a little moan as I started to slide my hands further along his rigid shaft. I slid my hands about halfway towards the enflamed head and then gripping the shaft firmly then I slid them back down to the base. 

"Oh yeah," he said as he leaned against the shower wall and adjusted his feet a little more to each side. With both hands wrapped around the base of his cock, I pulled it downwards away from his stomach. It was so much harder to do than I thought because the incredible power of his erection threatened to snap it right out of my gripping little hands. 
