 My tongue reach out and caressed the underside of his large mushroom head. It jump in my mouth as I closed my lips tightly and felt something warm and salty-sweet dribbled over my tongue. 

Knowing there was no stopping this, I continue to to slide my mouth to his hardening shaft. I could feel the thick soft silky skin of his steel-hard man meat made me ache to jack my self right there and then.

Yet, I wanted more from him, I really wanted more milky man juices flowing in my tongue as I continue to suckle in his hard dick like a baby sucking for his milk.

It even make me exited for him to wake up and watch me slurping in his thick heavy pulsing meat. So I pushed forward and buried as much of his big horse cock in my mouth as I could take.

When it hit the back of my throat, I just held it there rolling my tongue over and over the thick hard flesh. I slid back off and just look at the mammoth cock swaying in front of my face, shiny with a thick layer of my own spit and his own milky juices with a strand still connected to my lips and stretching downwards.

It was so hot that I swooped back down and pressed it past the back of my throat and trust downside. I could see his thick bushy dark red hairs in his groins as at it travels in his navels up to his 6 tight pack abs, till it reach up to his thick pecs as it rises and lowers ah he breath in for air. I could hear him groan as i continue to suck him harder and deeper trying to deep-throat(really I can only suck up to 5 inches) his 13 inch cock as it almost choke me in every attempt, but yet, I still loved it.

Yes I'm making love with the most biggest and thickest cock that I ever did see. I would never thought I could ever taste such a very delicious treat. 

It was so thick that I can't deep-throat it and it was so thick that it stretches my mouth almost ripping them apart.

Yet I continue to bob my head at the big hard pole that was laid unto me. A very thick hard pole with a large pis lit that continue to flow in my mouth with milky thick man juices. 

A very big hard pole that belong to a straight man, who's a friend of Uncle Lucas. A very thick, hot and tender juicy meaty sausage that belong to a big hairy and tall man whom is sleeping peacefully in the couch, yet with my mouth in his hard thick meat as he groan in his deep sleep not knowing what's happening to him.

A thick hard and leaking cock of Uncle Ralph pulsing in between my mouth as I continue to suck up all his milk out of his big tight balls....

* * * *

Earlier that day...

"Here." Uncle Ralph said as I turned my head up to his face, yet my eyes kept on coming back to his crotch area were his dick and the under side of his balls was covered with my little tight apron wrap in front of thighs and back.

I had to mentally pinch my self not to stare, even though its quite hard not to watch. I need to focus on what I'm doing right now. I averted my eyes sideways as I took the sausage and eggs and place them in the table. 

He already have the plates and the other stuff ready and set at the table so all I need to do was to just sit right at my little corner (its a four squared table so I can sit anywhere.)

Even though I've seen Uncle Lucas naked in the kitchen, its still a big shock to me to see another person naked walking around the kitchen, much worst a very sexy and hairy straight guy. Especially everything about him was big from his head to his feet. Did I mention quite hairy too?

Well anyway we were starting to eat breakfast when I realize he was drinking bear even though its still early in the morning. 

Not just that he was sitting beside me. Suddenly he shifted as he cocked one leg to the side. The change in position left the tight apron to move upward in the middle, revealing two large lemon-sized balls inside a sack covered in a tangled nest of thick dark red hair and a fat mushroom head of a very thick cock.

I discovered that, unlike mine, Uncle Ralph's cock was uncut. A layer of veiny skin laid snugly over the bottom half inch of the two inch length of the hefty head. I froze. 

The sight of Uncle Ralph exposed balls and cock for the first time left me dry-mouthed and holding my breath.

I was so focused on his cock that I didn't realize that he was calling my name.

"Hey Tommy? Tommy? Hey Tommyyy.....hey teddy bear?" he said gently as he look down at me. He must have look were I was staring cause he suddenly move his finger and touch his junk, my panic eyes move up at his amuse once.

"Seen something you like?" Uncle Ralph teased. I could feel my face flush as embarrassment toke over me. I didn't reply as i averted my eyes back to my plate. I heard Uncle Ralph laugh out loud as i could feel my face gets more flusher.

"It's OK Tommy my boy. Every young boys like you would come to that age where you'll be curious with other persons body. It's quite normal Tommy so it's OK for me that you look at my junk after all were we both guys in here, and anyway its much better you know more about a men's body as you grow up to be one someday." he said as he ruffled my hair. I blushed at his words as I kept in silence.

We finish eating with him drinking almost 8 bottle of bear still early in the morning. I was cleaning the dishes and tidying the kitchen up when I realized that Uncle Ralph was not in sight. 

Then I hear the television at the living room was turn on. I went to the living room to check up on him, when I got there I almost died and went to heaven.

He was crashed back on the couch with a football comedy on the TV with a bottle of his ninth beer placed at the living room table. 

But the sight of his mostly naked body sure took my attention. He looked like a mountain of smooth solid muscle laying there. 

His chest stomach, forearms, and legs were a carpet of dark red bristly hair all laid for my eyes to see. Did also mention the my apron was nowhere to be found? 

Yes guys, he was laying naked in the couch sound as sleep as dead drunk with beer still early in the morning.

Uncle Ralph was laying in a straight position right in-front of the couch. Without the apron on, I could see his entire cock and balls exposed to me. 

It was longer than it'd looked when the apron had covered the upper half of it. Soft, it was about eight inches long and draping over his balls heftily. The length took second place to its width, though. Like the rest of his body, its bulk was thick and looked heavily muscled. Thick veins trailed and crossed up the shaft. 

The overall look of it was that of a shaved forearm on a bodybuilder. On anyone else, it would have looked grossly oversize. On Uncle Ralph's thick muscular body, though, it looked perfectly proportioned.

I looked down at my massively hung Uncle sleeping physique.

"Uncle Ralph?" i said gently. Nothing.

I stepped forward and lightly touched his arm as I again asked, "Uncle Ralph?" Still nothing.

I lightly ran my palm over that beautiful forest of curly hair coating his chest. My hand grazed the tip of one nipple, making his cock thicken and twitch as his balls rolled slightly inside their furry sack.

I pulled my hand back and hurried to the other side of the room behind the sofa, waiting to see if his body's reaction signaled him waking up.

Uncle Ralph breathing stayed the same and there was no movement from his muscular frame. After a while, I snuck softly back to his side. Standing there, I realized how vulnerable I was. 

All he had to do was open his eyes to see me staring down at him. I knelt down and found that in this position he would have to turn his head to see me.

If he moved or his breathing changed, I'm might be able to crawl away unnoticed. I nixed the idea of lightly touching his cock as I knelt there staring at its thick bulk. 

Touching it lightly might tickle and wake him, so I decided to just lay my hand softly over it.

Cold from nervousness, I warmed it between my thighs before reaching over. I held my hand just above the length of his ample meat. 

Holding my breath, I lowered it and let it settle snugly over what fit into my palm. At least three inches of fat shaft and long bullet-shaped head extended past my hand.

I held my breath and listened intently to Uncle Ralph's breathing. Nothing changed and nothing moved. I slid my hand down to the head of his cock and wrapped my thumb and first two fingers around as much of his thickness as I could. No change, no reaction. 

Feeling more secure in the depth of his sleep, I began squeezing gently. Not too lightly and not too firmly, I squeezed it slowly over and over. The feel of his fat cock in my hand made my own woodie ache and strain inside my boxers. 

I reached down and pulled it out of the leg opening before replacing that hand onto the carpet for balance.

Uncle Ralph's cock began swelling in my hand. It only gained about an inch in length, but the width swelled about fifty percent fatter. I chanced a glance up at Uncle Ralph's face and saw that his lips were now parted.

I quickly withdrew my hand and slipped back to the other side of the room, crawling on my hands and knees until I was past the back of the sofa.

By the time I stopped and looked back over the only thing that'd changed was that Uncle Ralph's obese meat had slid across his thigh to point right at where I'd been kneeling before.

I only waited a minute before returning to my original position. The head of his cock now pointed at my face. 

The lengthening of his shaft had pulled his foreskin back to just behind the wide ridge of the head.

I had to do it. I had to taste it. I had to feel it against my lips. I leaned forward and opened my mouth, unsure of how I was going to be able to open far enough to get my lips around its imposing width.

I slid my lips over what I could and found that, sure enough, I had to stretch my mouth open as far as it would go just to get a third of that fat cock head inside. Even then, I had to kind of "crawl" my lips across the hulking width. 

I struggled to keep my upper lip wet enough to slide over the swelling head while using my tongue to wet the way for my lower lip.

The throbbing and flexing of Uncle Ralph's shaft as my mouth labored over his bulky knob told me his body was enjoying this as much as I was.

I almost didn't hear Ralph's mumbled, "Ohhhh yess..." as I increased my efforts to get more of his meat into my mouth. My eyes shot wide and I pulled off the end of his cock, scuttling back to my place across the room in case he was waking up.

I stood there and watched him. I'd missed the change in his breathing that I now heard as quick and deep, almost like one quick sigh after another.

His heavy cock bobbed and strained from the base of his crotch, almost as if waving me at me to come back. I did just that once I realized he was still asleep and simply horny as hell.

Feeling it was safe to skip sneaking and crawling over, I walked back over quickly and knelt down.. .

I leaned in and captured the spit-shiny head of Uncle Ralph's meat in my mouth again, straining to slide it back in to where it's been before.

Barely audible, "Oh yeah," drifted from Uncle Ralph's parted lips. I pressed further, determined, and finally my lips pushed past the flaring ridge of his spongy head. 

Hardened flesh-covered steel lay pulsing against my lips as I felt my mouth suddenly get much wetter than before and a lightly salty taste flow inside.

It was neither bitter nor sweet. There was just the salty zing over a flavor much richer and fuller that I couldn't describe any way other than simply the taste of a man. My tongue reach out and caressed the underside of his large mushroom head. 

It jump in my mouth as I closed my lips tightly and felt something warm and salty-sweet dribbled over my tongue. Knowing there was no stopping this, I continue to to slide my mouth to his hardening shaft. 

I could feel the thick soft silky skin of his steel-hard man meat made me ache to jack my self right there and then.

Yet, I wanted more from him, I really wanted more milky man juices flowing in my tongue as I continue to suckle in his hard dick like a baby sucking for his milk. 

It even make me exited for him to wake up and watch me slurping in his thick heavy pulsing meat. So I pushed forward and buried as much of his big horse cock in my mouth as I could take.

When it hit the back of my throat, I just held it there rolling my tongue over and over the thick hard flesh. I slid back off and just look at the mammoth cock swaying in front of my face, shiny with a thick layer of my own spit and his own milky juices with a strand still connected to my lips and stretching downwards.

It was so hot that I swooped back down and pressed it past the back of my throat and trust downside. I could see his thick bushy dark red hairs in his groins as at it travels in his navels up to his 6 tight pack abs, till it reach up to his thick pecs as it rises and lowers ah he breath in for air. 

I could hear him groan as i continue to suck him harder and deeper trying to deep-throat(really I can only suck up to 5 inches) his 13 inch cock as it almost choke me in every attempt, but yet, I still loved it.

Yes I'm making love with the most biggest and thickest cock that I ever did see. I would never thought I could ever taste such a very delicious treat. 

It was so thick that I can't deep-throat it and it was so thick that it stretches my mouth almost ripping them apart.

Wanting more, I sucked at Uncle Ralph's pulpy head. I licked my tongue hungrily everywhere it would reach and tried to get my lips further down his throbbing shaft.

Precum continued to flow into my mouth sporadically as my efforts on my Uncle's impressive cock increased enthusiastically. 

If I'd had my eyes open, I've seen his big balls draw up to the base of his cock just before the first jet of white-hot cum erupted inside my mouth.

I happened to have my tongue lapping over the deep slit in the mouth-filling head of his cock as that first jet spewed forth. The pressure of it blasting across my tongue set off my own dick to pouring its load into the fabric of my boxers.

Luckily, my boner had slid back inside and was now straight up toward the waistband as it began soaking my shorts.

I gagged and tried desperately not to cough as I knelt there almost being drowned in his load. Not only was there not much room in my mouth with Uncle Ralph's huge cock filling it, but his load was huge as well!

Each powerful eruption splattered against the back of my mouth and frothed past my overly-stretched lips. Soon, I had his cum inside my nose and running down my neck to my chest. 

As quickly as I swallowed his thick seed, his fat cock only belched even more of the rich salty flow into my mouth.

He continued spewing his load long after mine'd petered out. I felt like sample jar or something, just kneeling there having his cum poured into me.An odd thing happened when it finally began to lessen. 

I'd been waiting and hoping for him to reach the end of his load. Now that he had, though, I desperately wanted more.

I couldn't seem to pull myself off Uncle Ralph's big fat cock even as it began softening inside my mouth and his cum had slowed to only intermittent dribbles.

I finally allowed his thick meat to slide from my mouth and plop wetly against his thigh. I look at his semi hard cock still standing proudly at his groin as it flop back, like inviting me to suck it more. 

With out thinking I nuzzled into his balls, his cock flopping across my face as it began to harden again. I lapped and sucked at the big woolly orbs before moving to do the same against the sides of his big heavy cock.

I grasped his oversize cock at the base as I held it back and rubbed it across my forehead, cheeks, nose, mouth, and jaw. 

My jaw opened as a heated groan escaped my chest at the feel of his majestic cock branding my face with the heat of his fat rigid tool.

Then I moved his cock and aim it to my mouth. I suctioned hard to make up for small amount of length I could accept, slurping my tongue over the head and what little shaft I'd been able to get inside.

My hand relaxed on holding his hard cock , as I began to suck and bob on the end of his cock. Sucking furiously as the four or so inches I could accommodate(at that time, still having problems on deep throating him), I went crazy on his fat meat.

I moved back a little as I took a deep breath and shoved his cock back into my mouth, hitting the back of my throat forcefully. It went on and on as I shoved his cock back down into my throat the second I'd inhaled. 

I didn't even realize that Uncle Ralph was groaning quite aloud. I heard him even say "Ohh shit...yes suck me baby...yeah suck that piece of meat..." at that time I didn't care if he was awake or not as long as I can suck his cock and drink his come I won't stop till i suck him dry.

My cum began to boil inside my balls, the thrill of having Uncle Ralph powerful huge dick stuffing my mouth and throat, the sight of his big strong body above mine sent my brain and dick into overload once more. 

I could taste him. I could almost taste his milky cum burst in my mouth and throat. Pre-cum began flowing into my mouth as I sucked furiously for more. 

My mouth began filling more and more pre-cum as quickly every time I pulled out enough for me to breathe. 

I heard Uncle Ralph groan loudly once more as I could feel his balls starting to drawn up, as his hard dick began to stiffen more.

"Ohhh shit....ahughh..." Uncle Lucas was lifting his hips upward as if he was trying to fuck my face on instinct. His huge muscles tense and bulge as he move. 

More pre-cum continued to pool inside my mouth as I suck him more. I could feel that his going to cum once more. Then suddenly Uncle Ralph gasped loudly as a jet of milky white cream burst in my mouth.

I pulled his cock out of my mouth as another jet of cum splashed my face with his second surge of his thick generous load. 

I jack his cock hard as white sticky cum flew all over my face and chest. I could feel his cum dripping in my cheeks, forehead, neck and lips. 

I smiled as I was filled with his muscular aroma of his sweat and cum mixing together making me light headed filled with lust.

I kept on jacking and milking his cock as more white stuff flowed out at the tip of cock. My hand on his rock hard cock was coated in my own saliva mixed with his thick sticky cum as it dribbled out of his spurting cock. 

I put my mouth back over the head of his spewing horse-meat as his cock filled my mouth so much as before, his cum bubbled out the sides of my lips and over my face and neck. 

I swallowed as much and as fast as possible, wanting every drop from Uncle Ralph's thick spewing cock.

I slurped and slurped at his over large mushroom cock head as his thick load continue to bubble out of his dick to my aching mouth.

It pushed me over the edge and I got my other hand who's already coated in warm cum cupped under the head of my own dick shooting my own load. Untouched, my teen dick quickly filled my hand with fresh hot teenage cum.

All the while, Uncle Ralph's cock continued flooding my mouth and stomach with his rich tasty cum. I dove back onto his thick meat as it spewed forth the last of his mighty load. I continued to suck his cock until it got soft in my mouth.

I look down at my fingers as I opened them closely. I watch my own load mixed with Uncle Ralph's load as it coated my fingers. 

Then I lifted my fingers to my mouth as I pressed my palm to my lips. I drained and lick my own cum into my mouth before sliding down my throat to mix with his inside my cum filled stomach.

I was still so horny I couldn't stand it, and almost ran from the room to get upstairs to my own. Once there, I tore my soaked boxers off and threw myself on my bed. 
