 Tommy's Third Year at College

[In this part of the story, Tommy and Martin take over the narration.]

Chapter 52 Martin: Alone in Camford

When I had returned with David Singleton-Scarborough from Bristol airport feeling sad that I would not see my darling fag-boy for at least ten weeks, he said to me, "Martin, I know exactly how you feel! Saying goodbye to the man you love is a wrench that I had many times per year during my stage career. Moreover, it was not just Jon that I had to say goodbye to, but our children as well. When I was touring, he and I slept together less than 50% of the nights in a year."

These were the first words I thought of the next morning as I sat doing my morning business on the toilet. I knew that not only would I not see Tommy for weeks, we had agreed not to use modern technology to communicate. No Skype or FaceTime, we had agreed. Just three E-mails and one phone sex session per week. I sighed as the last turd fell out of my hole and I reached for the toilet paper. That hole would not be getting a visitor for quite a while. My morning toilet session would now be a solitary one. In the flat, Tommy and I had always used the bathroom together in a morning, one doing his business while the other shaved, followed by us showering together.

I moved over to the bidet and began to wash my anus. The bidet was a luxury that I would have to give up in two weeks time when I was back in college. The small en-suite bathrooms in college rooms had no space for more than the minimum toilet, washbasin and shower. The towel-rail was on the back of the door, as was the toilet-roll holder.

Jon and David had very kindly invited me to stay at Octavia Avenue during the vacations (for a reasonable rent), and I got quite a bit of reading done during the next two weeks. October found me back in college and lectures and tutorials began. Lunch was often a solitary occasion, though in the evenings I ate with David and Jon about once a week. College dinner was no problem. I had several friends in Sanguis with whom I could sit to eat. I joined the Camford University Opera Club, which once a year gave four performances of an opera. Although I am no great singer, I can read music and my voice was good enough to get me a place in the chorus. That year they were presenting an ambitious production of Mozart's Die Entfürung aus den Serail, and one night a week was spent in rehearsal.

I had had several E-mails from Tommy. He had found an apartment to live in. It was shared with two other male students. There was no provision for real cooking—not that he was much good at cooking—so he had to take his lunch and evening meal in a student restaurant, of which there were several. Fortunately, the food was of reasonable quality. Often he and his flatmates would go out together to eat. He had a bedroom/study with its own en-suite bathroom, and there was a shared social room in the apartment. Both the other students were Italian. Tommy had been anxious not to share with other international students, or he would have ended up speaking English. 

He had signed up for several useful lecture courses and found life in Padua very pleasant. After a week or so, when he had got to know his flatmates, he revealed that he was gay. This rather startled me. My impression of Tommy had always been that he was shy and introvert. And here he was, out and proud! To his amazement, one of the other boys said that he too was gay. Although Tommy had made clear that he was in a committed relationship, the two agreed to go out together, and made regular trips to the cinema. The gay guy, whose name was Matteo, told Tommy that he was glad to have another gay in the house, because Leo, the third flatmate, had always teased him for being gay. "You'll be glad to know that I don't find him particularly attractive! We are good mates, but I don't really consider him bedworthy!" Tommy wrote.

One of the first things that I did when term began was to contact Ken MacAlpin to arrange to go for a swim and to ask him if he had heard from Adam Williams of Buckingham. He said that he had and that they had met in the Randy Soldier. Adam liked classical music and said that he would come to Ken's next concert. He was not keen on swimming however. I told Ken that I too would be at the next concert and would like to meet Adam.

Chapter 53 Exchange of E-mails

From: m.robinson@xxxx.ffff.ac.uk to: t.a.singleborough@yyyy.ffff.ac.uk

My darling Tommy

How are you? I'm working hard, but lusting mightily for your arse. I don't feel lonely during the day, but when I'm lying in my narrow college bed I long to feel you beside me, or beneath me, or even on top of me! I desperately want to run my hands over your delicious arse-cheeks and to kiss your sweet chest. 

You'll be glad to know that Adam Williams and Ken have met one another and the three of us will be going to Ken's next concert. I spend more time in college now than I did last year, but that's partly because I have a room to go to!

My sweet boy, if you feel like sex and desperately need it, I don't mind, providing that you tell me about it and don't make it a regular habit. Similarly if either Adam or Ken wants a BJ, and I oblige, I will tell you about it. But one rule for both of us: NO ANAL. Let me know if you are happy with this. I won't do anything that you don't want me to do. I'll even stay sex-starved if you insist!

My father is very happy with his new bride. He must have been very sex-starved for years. I hope he is enjoying having a cunt at his disposal without any menstrual mood-swings! They say that women only begin to enjoy sex after the menopause. I don't know if that's true, and I'm not interested in finding out. Besides, it's none of my business. Children should not pry into their parents' sex lives.

Please write to me soon. I love you.

Martin

From: t.a.singleborough@yyyy.ffff.ac.uk to m.robinson@xxxx.ffff.ac.uk

Hi, stud-boy

I miss you. I miss seeing your red hair next to me when I wake up in the morning. I miss your company and I miss your cock.

However, I am steadily get acclimatized to the Italian student way of life. There is decent beer to be had in Padua if you know where to look. The micro brewery movement is well established here, and there are some very good craft beers being brewed. Not that I don't drink wine, I hasten to add. 

I have decided to go to Trabizona for the weekend once a month, not just to see Luke, Tom and Olivia, but to see my little nephew, who has just said his first word. It was "No!" We speak no English when I'm there. However that will change when Giovanni learns to talk, because they want to bring him up bilingually. My sweet sister-in-law seems very glad to see me, and it's a break from the student environment. 

Every couple of months I go to see my aunt and uncle, where I do speak English, as auntie Dorothea likes to speak her native language sometimes, though I always speak Italian to zio Massimo. I go to the English church regularly, and it's the only other time that I speak English. There are Anglican church services in Padua, but we only get a proper eucharist once a month when a priest comes from Rome. There are services taken by Readers though, on other Sundays. 

My social life is a bit restricted. I go to the cinema with Matteo once per week, and I have to admit that we hold hands together. But he's a really touchy-feely sort of person, and holding hands is not a sign of intimacy. He has shown me the most important sites and landmarks in Padua, like the Orto Botanico and the Prato della Valle. He is very sweet person and it is a pleasure to go out with him. We often eat together. At the moment I do not feel any urgent need for sex, but of course he might decide that he wants it. If he does, it will be on my terms, and I will tell you about it! I don't want you to get jealous, because you know how dependent I am on your love. But if you need a suck, or even a rim, feel free to go ahead on the terms that you mentioned. 

There are also a few occasional social activities at the English church. I really enjoy my visits to Trabizona, but I don't want to spend a lot of time there. Olivia is expecting another baby in June, so I don't like to impose on them too much. I must confess that I keep a big picture of you beside my bed, and think about your sweet body every time I jack off. Moreover, I really love our phone sex sessions. I always go to bed early on the nights that we're going to talk.

Please write again soon.

Love, Tommy.

Chapter 54 Tommy: Autumn in Padova

I was really enjoying Padova. It was a beautiful and historic city. My self-confidence in speaking Italian had increased spectacularly in the first month, and I was busy each night writing down the new words that I had learnt in a notebook. This caused some amusement to my two housemates. They were very helpful in increasing my vocabulary of dirty words! We used to go drinking together one night per week, but I refused to go to any night-clubs. 

Occasionally Matteo and I would go to a gay bar, and sometimes Leo came with us. Italian men of our age group seem to have no prejudice against gays. They seem to consider that gays reduce the competition for available women! Though not an enthusiastic dancer, I did dance a few times with Matteo who is a good dancer.

The university lectures were very good, although the number of students present was enormous, because they were mainly first-year lectures. The failure/dropout rate at the end of the first year is high. The few second year lectures I went to had much smaller attendances.

Most weekends I did not see much of my flatmates because I had been persuaded into singing in the choir at the English church, and the choir-practice was before the service. Sometimes too, I was invited to Sunday lunch by a member of the congregation. I always offered to pay my share, stressing that I was not a penniless student. My hosts always assumed that I was homesick, which is far from the truth. How could I be when I had a brother only a short distance away? 

The only person that I missed was Martin. It was always good to see Luke, Tom and Olivia and to hear the steadily increasing vocabulary of little Giovanni. As his vocabulary developed, Luke insisted that I only talked to Giovanni in English, as part of their policy to teach him that Italian visitors spoke Italian and British visitors spoke English. Olivia got steadily bigger on each of my visits, and Tom still seemed deliriously happy that he had fathered a baby. They had opted not to be told the sex of the coming child.

Chapter 55 Exchange of phone calls

From Martin to Tommy

Martin: Hi, my sweet fag-boy, I'm desperately missing you. I hope you don't mind that the other night I had a threesome with Adam and Ken. We went to Ken's flat in Julian Street, and had a few glasses of beer. Adam said that he needed someone to give him a BJ, to which Ken and I replied that we would only co-operate if he got completely undressed. "I'm not sucking someone who's just dropped his pants!" said Ken, "I need to see everything that he has, front and back, above and below the waist."

"In return, we will both get undressed as well!" I added, "and the other one will watch and wank. Whom do you want to suck you first?" Adam chose Ken. Of course I knew what Ken's lower body was like from our previous experience, and I knew his propensity to fart at unexpected moments, so I was interested to see how Adam would react.

Tommy: And how did he react?

Martin: He asked us to undress him! So Ken took his shirt off and I removed his shoes and socks. Then Ken undid his belt and unzipped his fly. He said, "That's a nice big dick that I can feel sticking up inside your underpants. And look, Martin, there's a big damp patch on his underpants." Ken promptly bent down and kissed the wet patch, before he got hold of the waistband and pulled Adam's underpants down. They were orange cotton and very sexily cut, and suited Adam's slim figure. As he pulled them over Adam's rock-hard tool, we could see the precome flowing abundantly from Adam's piss-slit. 

Ken and I then hastily removed our own clothes. Ken's taste in underpants was quite different from Adam's. He wore a pair of striped boxers that looked more like a swimming costume than underwear. Luckily the heating in Ken's flat is good, so we were quite warm enough prancing around in the nude. We all moved together and put our arms round each other's waists, making a circle of three, our cocks sticking up in front of each of us and dripping with precome. 

Ken had the biggest tool, with mine second and Adam a good 2 cm shorter. We each ran our hands over the arses of the men next to us. Ken's was very hairy, Adam's very smooth. In fact, I wondered if he shaved it or waxed it. Then we let go of one another and Ken knelt and began to lick Adam's balls, with one hand on each of Adam's buttocks. It was clear that he was hungry for sex. The way that his mouth attacked Adam's manhood shrieked sexual need. We knew from our experience the previous term that Ken gave a good blow-job. Adam certainly seemed to be enjoying it. 

I found it interesting to watch how two men who are a lot more sexually experienced than you and I are went at one another. I learnt quite a lot from watching their technique of giving and receiving head. As I watched, I was of course fingering my cock and what I saw excited me so much that long before either of the others reached a climax, I came violently and shot my seed in a big puddle over Ken's polished laminate floor. Adam grinned and said, "You'd better wipe that up! This guy is such an expert that he's keeping me just back from the edge. I'm beginning to wonder if he doesn't actually want a mouthful of spunk!" No sooner had he said that than Ken opened his mouth wider and tried to swallow Adam's dick. 

Tommy, I can really recommend watching men having it off together. It's ten times better than a porn movie! Adam immediately began to push and to breathe deeply and ten seconds later he exploded into Ken's mouth.

Tommy: I've got my cock in my right hand, and it's already oozing precome! What happened next?

Martin: That's the best bit! Ken rocked backwards on his knees as he tried to swallow Adam's massive load of man-juice and an enormous fart escaped from his rear end. Adam burst out laughing and began to kiss Ken's hair. "So, the treasure house is full of wind!" he remarked. "I hope that I don't get the same reaction from Martin!" Of course by now I was getting hard again, as it was my turn to suck Adam off. 

He had a very big loose foreskin, so that when his cock was at rest it completely covered the head and provided a sort of channel for his piss. I asked if I could watch him pissing, and he said "Why not?" so Ken and I followed him to the toilet. We had consumed quite a lot of beer, so it was a big piss, and he directed it into the water so that it made a noise like Niagara Falls, punctuated a couple of times by farts. That was enough to harden my cock and restart the flow of precome. As he was shaking his tool to remove any urine trapped under his foreskin, I went up to him and put my arm round his waist. 

I kissed him on the lips and dragged him back into the sitting room, where I knelt and opened my mouth and let Adam push his cock in. As Ken had done, I cupped my two hands over his arse-cheeks and began to nibble his partially rolled-back foreskin. "That's nice!" he exclaimed. Any taste of urine had been washed away by Adam's precome.

Tommy: (breathing heavily) I'm gonna come! I wish that I'd been there to watch you all. (Loud grunt as he shoots his load). Good job I had tissues ready!

Martin: Just think, if we hadn't agreed not to use FaceTime, I could be watching you squirt right now! Anyway, in spite of my mouth being very busy, out of the corner of my eye I could watch Ken stroking his tool. He would pull his foreskin back and then push it forward, and this gave his cock an enormous stimulus. I worked on Adam's meat with my tongue and jaws. I noticed as I licked his balls that he used the gay perfume Storing pour Homme. His arse was delicious, I couldn't take my hands off his buttocks. 

Eventually he muttered that he was going to come and shot his load into my mouth. I have to admit that it didn't taste like anything special. No 'food of the gods' or anything like that, just plain ordinary jism.

To my regret, I must finish this call. I've got three chapters of a book on Roman archaeology to finish before I go to bed, where I will play with my cock and think of you! I'm glad that our chat gave you a good wank.

Goodnight, my darling boy.

From Tommy to Martin, some days later

Hello stud-boy!

I wish you were here. I need your sweet lips pressed to mine. I want to nibble your nipples, lick your balls and kiss your lovely arse. I want to push my tongue into the crack between the delicious curves of your butt. In short, I want to ravish you!

There have been a few developments with Matteo. It seems that he was dating another boy, whom he rather fancied, but that this guy has now taken up with someone else and he is rather fed up. I told him that I was not available to start a relationship, but because I like him I said that I was not averse to friendship with a small amount of occasional sex when one or other of us needed a change from jacking off. He told me that he would think about it. 

I haven't yet spelt out any further details, so we will see what happens. I will of course tell you all about it. It will be very much kiss and tell as far as I am concerned! Although we've seen films together, I don't know what he's studying, nor do I know if he likes opera. I will have to find out more about him.

Martin: As long as you tell me all about it, I promise not to be jealous. We are at an age when, in spite of all the other things we need to do, we need frequent sex, even if its only a quick BJ or a furtive wank. Maybe young males produce more spunk than older men, do you think? Certainly I need a daily porn fix with my iPad and a good play with my tool. When I think of all that nutritionally valuable nitrogen and phosphorus of DNA going to waste when it could be feeding you, I think of the prodigality of nature. You know, you're the only person in the world that I can tell that to!

Tommy: I just wish that you didn't need porn or wanking. If I were there, I would soon fix you! There mere thought of your wide-open legs gives me a massive hard-on! Say something to relieve me!

Martin: I would make you bend forward over a chair and open up your hole. Then I would push my slimy cock up your arsehole and fuck you bareback for hours on end. While I was buggering you, I would play with your cock until you came all over my fingers. I would then wipe the spunk off my hands on your chest and belly and shoot my load into your gut. As my cock slipped out of your hole, I would make you stay bent over until you farted and my man-juice began to ooze of your hole. I would then wipe it up with a tissue and lick up any remaining. Then I would smother your arse-cheeks with kisses. I don't think I've ever told you how much I love it when you fart. Just hearing it sounds to me like a love-call inviting me to fuck you!

Tommy: You DIRTY bugger! You have an anal obsession! When I get home you'd better try sucking me when I'm having a shit. The stink would remind you that the anus is for shitting as well as fucking. Anyway, I'm now oozing precome. It just needs you to say the right thing and I will shoot.

Martin: I love your tight, tight hole. It grips the sides of my tool in a way that no cunt could achieve. I really need to work hard to get into your gut. Just shut your eyes and imagine that my cock is pushing its way into your back passage. It's now inside and it's about to hit your prostate. BANG! It's hit its target, and it's about to explode and fill your gut with my come! But before I come, I'm bending forward and nibbling your left nipple. Just get hold of the hair round your nipple and play with it gently. I'm now speeding up for my climax. You're mine Tommy, all mine!
