 Tommy toss and turn in his bed as he try to sleep. I'ts been five days since Ralph I mean Uncle Ralph(that's what he wan't me to called him), Uncle Lucas old friend, came to the house for a visit and living with us for a while. Since then Uncle Lucas suggested that Tommy has to go back to his own bedroom for a while until Uncle Ralph leaves.

As what I inspect Uncle Ralph was a bit 2 inch taller than Uncle Lucas. Both of them also have very muscular athletic bodies. Both also incredibly handsome. But the difference would be that Uncle Ralph is hairy(quite hairy all right) while Uncle Lucas has hair only in the right places(groin and underarms).

And how do I know why he so hairy? Well one thing he keeps on removing his top(and what a sight it is) did i mention both of them keep on removing there shirt all the time when they are in the house.

And it drives me crazy watching this muscular bodies being expose right in front of me with out touching any of them. I keep on trying to hide my ragging boner every time they expose there masculinity.

Much worst sometimes Uncle Ralph would come near me and would ruffle my hair or sometimes hugging me(he sees me as a little teddy bear) and sometimes he would take me below the armpits and raise me in the air and sway me like a little kid(yes we really did become friends after knowing him a little bit).

Oh i forgot to mention that he was half naked? Oh I did. And it smell like heaven! I can't stop on imagine smelling both of them as sweat sweat dripping in there muscular bodies as they lay themselves naked in front for me. 

But there is just one little tinnie tiny bit problem. Uncle Ralph is striaght unlike Uncle Lucas. Heck I don't really know what sexual reference I would put Uncle Lucas into. He didn't tell me anything at all. But one thing he likes me(or maybe enjoying me as his boy toy I really don't know).

And I totally understand that Uncle Lucas doesn't want to let Uncle Ralph about our little secret after all Uncle Ralph's straight he won't understand about me and Uncle Lucas relationship.

But still it's been two days(the last time he feed me) with out Uncle Lucas cum and cock in my mouth. I needed it so badly even though I've been jacking off (ever since my first orgasm can't stop playing my 6 inch peter hehehe) and eating my own spunk.

But it's not enough (over expose to much man candy and intoxicating delicious sweaty male bodies who wouldn't right?) unlike mine Uncle Lucas man milk is much more thicker and creamier. I really missed it, specially his thick 11'inch thick cock. My mouth is aching to suck that thick snake and drink all of his nut juices.

I can't stop thinking about it all night that I haven't realize I was playing with my self. I look down as I watch my tiny fingers continue to massage my aching cock behind my bed covers. 

Ever since I sleep at Uncle Lucas room, both me and Uncle Lucas has been sleeping buck naked every night. I really missed those nights, so does my hungry mouth also.

I took the covers away and took hold of me my raging boner in my hands. I took hold of the head and apply a bit of pressure as I gently rub it with the palm of my hand.

I could feel a my own pre-cum sticking to my palm as I continue to rub my cock head, while my other hands was busy on stroking on the stiff base as I moved it up and down like a small tunnel.

I continued to play with my self when suddenly the door in my bedroom came to open as I watch Uncle Lucas big form came to view as he went in and lock the door behind him. 

"Now what we got here..." Uncle Lucas eyes lustfully roams at my naked body as he looks at it like he was hungry for it. "Judging by the looks of it my little Tommy here is doing naught things with himself. Naughty naught alright." he said as slowly moves near the edge of my bed.

I blushed as he continue to watch me playing with my dick. I was so embarrassed that I didn't realized that Uncle Lucas was beside me and already naked. He suddenly turn on the lamp beside my bed as he pushed me a little at the other side as he place himself in my stack of pillows that are already mounded at the head board.

His eyes met mine and I saw a wickedly sinful leer cross his face as he drew his knees up and let his legs roll apart to each side. I gulped as I saw that sen=mi-hard monster lying on the sheet come invitingly into view. I felt myself moving forward unconsciously as the big baseball-sized head seemed to draw me in hypnotically.

Without ever taking my eyes off that mesmerizing tube of flesh, I crawled onto the bed and moved into my required position on my hands and knees between his spread thighs. I lied down on my stomach and bent my legs up behind me. I looked like a little kid lying on the floor watching Saturday morning cartoons; only what I was looking at looked like a big sleeping serpent instead of a cartoon character.

I could smell the clean fresh scent emanating from his masculine body. As the powerful warm fragrance drifted onto my senses, I felt a feeling of comfort and contentment roll over my body. I brought my face closer to his groin and breathed deeply.

"Aaaaahh!" I let out a little gasp of satisfaction as his masculine aroma invaded my senses.

"You like that, Tommy?" he asked as he looked down at me with a smile on his face. "You like the smell of my crotch?"

"Oh yes Uncle Lucas. I....I love it," I confessed as I brought my face even closer and inhaled hungrily once more.

"Good, then you won't mind getting your face right in there." he said firmly as he took hold of my head and pushed it into the warm crease between his thigh and groin. It felt beautiful as my face was pressed against his warm flesh. I could feel his semi-hard cock lying against my cheek as my nose was buried into the soft skin of his silky bag.

"There you go, you should be able to smell me real good with your face right there." Uncle Lucas said as I felt his hands release my head. "Now, I want you to let me see how good that sweet little tongue of yours is. I want you to just take your time and work that tongue all around there before I let you worship my cock."

I felt a little shudder of desire go through me as there was nothing I would rather do than lay between this beautiful man's spread legs and worship that big majestic cock of his. "Worship"....that was the perfect word for the way I wanted to serve his long thick beautiful cock. I only hoped I could prove myself worthy.

"Yes Uncle Lucas." I mumbled softly as I slithered my tongue out and started to take long loving swipes across his abdomen. I could taste a little bit of his warm salty sweat as I licked along the soft crease where his leg met his torso. For the next ten minutes or so, I slowly bathed the whole area above and around his virile manhood with my warm flowing saliva.

"Now down here." he said as he reached down and lifted his heavy cock and laid it up along his abdomen. He motioned towards his relaxed wrinkled sack and I looked down at those huge egg-shaped orbs contained within it that I hoped were just surging with a fresh load of sperm for me. His distended bag was lying on the sheets, his relaxed balls resting within the protective sack.

I moved closer and slithered my tongue out as I slid it lovingly over the silky wrinkled surface. It felt so amazingly soft under my tongue as I licked and slobbered over every square inch as I nuzzled my whole face all around that soft silky bag, all the while licking and chewing on it tenderly. There was more of his warm sweat beneath it and I lifted his heavy balls gently in my hands and ran my tongue all around the soft tender skin on the underside.

"Now, one at a time, I want you to take those balls into your mouth." he said. He didn't really have to tell me to take just one at a time, there was no way both of them would have ever fit in my mouth together! I pressed my mouth against the silky soft skin and opened my lips as wide as I could get them and then kind of softly sucked one of those big swollen nuts into my mouth. I felt the incredible weight of it moving inside the protective sack as it settled on my tongue.

"Oh yeah, that's it." he said softly as he looked down at me slavishly sucking on his cum-filled balls, "Give that baby a nice warm bath Tommy. Of fuck yeah like that!" He let out a soft groan as I rolled the big round nut all around inside my mouth. I drew on it softly with a gentle sucking motion and let him feel the insistent tug as I moved my mouth slightly backwards.

I then swirled my tongue all around that sperm-filled beauty and coated it liberally with my warm gooey saliva. I let that ball slip softly out of my mouth and repeated the procedure with his other one. I gently switched from one ball to the other as I pleasured them for the next ten minutes or so.

"Okay, Kid, time to work on my cock for awhile." he said lustfully. I let the spit-coated ball in my mouth slip out and settle back onto the sheet beneath him. I could already see the darker wet stain on the sheet where my saliva had slid down off his body. I lifted my head slightly and could see that his cock had become partially swollen while I had been working on his balls.

It lay across his abdomen like a long fat snake, just waiting to pounce on its prey. I leaned forwards and pressed the flat part of my tongue against the base of his protruding ventral ridge and started to lick upwards.

"Mmmmm....fucking...shit that's it Tommy. Just take your time and let me feel that sweet tongue all over my cock." I slowly licked all around the base of his mighty shaft and then started to work my way northwards. I could feel the warm shaft stiffening and thickening as I kissed, licked and sucked at his hardening erection.

As he had instructed me, I took my time and was thrilled to see that by the time I got just beneath the broad crimson knob, his magnificent cock was sticking straight up, hard as a rock. I sat back slightly and looked at the beautiful throbbing shaft, shining with a glossy coating of my warm spit. I saw a noticeable throb go through his long thick cock and a silky gob of pre-cum pulsed from the gaping red eye at the very tip and started to run sluggishly down the inverted "V" on the underside of his cock.

"There's a little sample for you Tommy. Come on and lick it." he said as he looked down at me with a sinfully wicked smile on his face. I dove forward and pressed my tongue against the wide throbbing shaft just below the sliding drop of pre-cum. When I felt the silky fluid hit the surface of my tongue, I ran it slowly upwards, gathering it all up on my tongue.

"Mmmmmm." I purred as my tongue touched the spongy membranes of his cock head. I adhered my lips in a pursed kiss around the oozing eye and sucked.

"Oh yeah, fuck that feels good Tommy." Uncle Lucas said with a low groan as I let the tip of my searching tongue tease into the hot red opening of his piss-slit. Once I got a taste of his warm silky juice, there was no stopping me. With my mouth pressed against the hot pebbly surface of his cock head, I let my lips follow the inviting slopes of the wide long cap down until my stretched lips slid over the pronounced ridge of his corona.

I could barely fit the whole knob into my mouth but I sucked and licked as best as I knew how. His pre-cum continued to flow onto my waiting tongue and I wrapped both hands around his gnarled veiny shaft and started pumping them up and down in unison as my slobbering mouth bobbed up and down.

"Fuck easy there baby." he said in a soothing voice. "Don't worry; I'll make sure you get that big mouthful of your Uncle's milky cum. Just slow down; you can keep doing what you're doing for now, but I want you to just take it nice and slow." He kind of wriggled back and settled further into the stacked up pillows and for the next few minutes or so showed me just where and when he wanted my mouth. He showed me how he liked me to stop my hand movements while I gave his engorged cock-head a warm swirling bath in my spit.

Then he showed me how he liked to see me slowly pump a gob of his warm fluid all the way up that long 11" shaft until it burped out the tip as I waited with my mouth open for it to ooze out onto my tongue. I was in absolute heaven as he taught me exactly how he wanted me to suck him. My mouth was just buzzing with the slow friction between my moist oral cavity and his hot hard cock.

I could tell that my lips were swollen and they felt stretched and sore from the number of times I'd had them on and off that thick hard erection of his. His stiff upright cock was just glistening with a fine coating of my spit and I could see the wet spot on the sheet growing where the excess had slid off his bag to make a damp stain. When I gave off another little needy squeal as he pulled my mouth off his cock and drew the hot dripping head all around my face, he finally spoke.

"What is it Tommy?" he said as he drew his flowing pre-cum teasingly all around my swollen pouting lips, "is there something you want?"

"Oh please, Uncle Lucas, ohhh please?" I said in a pleading tone. I looked at him with a lustful look of desire in my eyes.

"What is it? What is it you want?" He asked in mock seriousness as he rubbed the very tip all around my full bottom lip.

"Oh please Uncle Lucas?" I was begging now. "I....I need it."

"What is it you want, Tommy?" he said as continue to tease me.

"Your milk, Uncle Lucas. Please, can I have it now? I've tried to be good." I was almost whimpering with need as my tongue flicked out and drew the warm silky fluid coating my lips into my mouth.

"Okay, I guess you deserve another load go ahead,." he said with a wry smile. I dove onto his cock and slid my lips as far down on that tremendous cock as I could. I still wasn't even halfway down! I wrapped both hands around the velvety smooth shaft and started pumping the outer sheath back and forth. I pushed a mouthful of saliva to the front of my mouth and let it run out the corners of my mouth and down his pulsing shaft as I started to methodically bob my head up and down on the huge enflamed knob.

I relished in the delightful tingling feeling of the warm friction between the pebbly surface of his glans and my soft full lips. My hands were sliding easily up and down that rigid thick shaft as my lubricating spit flowed down beneath my little fingers. 

"Oh fuck yeah.....just a little more and then you'll get a nice big load of milky man milk Tommy." he said between ragged breaths. Like I had done earlier, I took my fingers and started scratching teasingly around the taut skin at the base of that stallion-like cock.

"OH FUCK.......OH JESUS......HERE IT COMES!!!" he grunted loudly and then I felt the first thick rope of cum jettison forth. The initial blast of his cum was massive and I could feel my mouth filling rapidly. A second and third ropey blast followed and I felt the incredible load of thick semen leaking from the corners of my stretched lips already. I swallowed and felt the warm viscous fluid slide down my throat.

"Mmmmmm." I mewed like a kitten as the warm musky flavor filled my senses. Even as he continued to shoot, I could smell as well as taste his strong masculine flavor. I could feel his engorged shaft throbbing and pulsing beneath my fingers as the huge crimson knob ejaculated again and again into my waiting mouth.

It must have been because he'd had me working on him for so long that he'd primed a big load. Whatever it was, I certainly wasn't complaining. My mouth was overflowing with his warm milky seed as he continued to unload onto my waiting tongue. I sucked and sucked until I had absolutely drained him of every drop that I could get. I could feel his spent shaft finally started to slowly deflate in my mouth, I eased it out of my mouth and sat back.

My aching cock was now hard and standing proudly in my groin I would have touch if only Uncle Lucas stopped my ogling hands to my groin.

"Not yet Tommy. Not yet." he said as pat my fingers down and told me to move closer to him with my head in the pillows as he let me lay down in my bed. Then he move right in front of me as he covered me with his hard sweaty body. Then he moved once more as he change his position downwards making us look like were having 69.

I thought Uncle Lucas would suck like what I did to him. But instead of sucking me I felt his hands roam in my little backside. Then suddenly he parted my lump ass cheeks as his thick fingers started to roam around my crack. "How's that feel?" he said as he slid his long middle finger back and forth along my ass crack.

"It....it feels pretty good," I said as I wiggled my round little bum back against his finger.

"Hmmm, I hope you like it." He brought the tip of his big finger and was running it in slow teasing circles around my puckered little bum hole "It'll feel all that much better when I feel these pussy-lips of yours nibbling around the base of my cock." I shuddered when he said that I wasn't sure what he meant about pussy-lips or something to do with nibbling around his cock, but one thing for sure I'll do anything as long as Uncle Lucas won't stop.

"What do you mean by pussy-lips Uncle Lucas?" I asked.

"This one here Tommy." I could feel his thick finger brush over my ass hole as he teasingly brushing it with his fingers. "Now, let's get started on loosening this pretty little boy pussy up." he said as he reached over to the side of the bed. I just realize that his cloths were scattered all over the floor. I saw him grab on his pants as he took something on its pocket.

Then I saw the bottle of lube that he use when he let me jerk him off last time. Then he squirt out a gob on the end of his long middle finger and adjust himself on his knees as he brought his greasy finger and started to spread the viscous gel all around my tight hole.

"Now bring your knees up underneath you." he said. "That's it then leave the top part of your body down on the bed...that's it....now put your knees a little further out to each side." continue Uncle Lucas "Good that's good. Now kind of arch your back so that sweet little bum opens right up for me....that's it...that's it....perfect!" I obediently did as I was instructed to and kind of felt funny with my little round bum perched right up in the middle of my bed, my spread knees and arched back causing my cheeks to spread wide open.

"That's a good boy, just keep doing as I tell you and I might feed you another milky load after this." I was thrilled to hear that he'd give me another mouthful and I rolled my hips in a slow circle as he rubbed his greasy finger all around my pulsing pink hole. Once he had covered the whole area around my bum-hole with the gooey lubricant, I felt the pressure as he put the tip right on the wrinkled pucker.

"Now, I want you to take a deep breath, then let it out slowly. As you do, concentrate on relaxing the muscles back here. I'm gonna try and slide my finger inside you. Okay?" Uncle Lucas said softly.

"Okay." I said as I drew in a deep breath and then let it out slowly through my nose. I tried to think about relaxing the muscles of my sphincter, but as I felt the tip of his finger start to enter me, my natural instincts took over and I closed down on the invading digit and expelled it. "Ohhh God! It hurts...I'm sorry.....I'm sorry!" I apologized profusely as I looked at Uncle Lucas big rugged body looming over me.

"That's okay Tommy. No problem. Now let's try it again. Another deep breath in....now relax..." As I breathed out slowly and concentrated on relaxing I felt his finger start to worm its way inside me. I felt the initial feeling of panic and quickly suppressed it. As I did, he took advantage of my acceptance and slid his thick finger all the way in to the third knuckle.

"OOOOWWWW!" I let out a little yelp of pain as I felt the unusual sensation of something foreign invading my rectum. He kept his finger buried inside me and held onto my bum with his other hand as I fought with my body to accept the plundering invader. The uncomfortable initial feeling quickly receded and after a few quick breaths, I was able to relax down there and concentrate on the feeling of his finger being inside me. It didn't feel so bad, it was just a different kind of 'full' feeling that I'd never experienced before.
