 I've always dreamed about his lips on mine, but feeling them were a different story altogether.

I imagined his kiss to be soft, sensual. Yet his lips lit a flaming passion across my mouth onto my neck and collar bone. I shuddered at his dominant touch.

Wrapping my arms around his neck he let his hands slip under my shirt, caressing up my torso to my nipples that tightened as he grazed softly.

I moaned into his mouth as he stripped my shirt off, letting his mouth glide down my chest to lick and tease my nipples as he held my hips with his hands.

My breath caught in my throat and I wrapped my hands up in his hair as he nipped at my hips and lifted me off the ground with my legs wrapped around his neck.

He licked and swiped his mouth passionately at my bulging cock through my jeans, making me moan quietly. Sliding to his knees, he removed me from his shoulders and unbuttoned my jeans, currently straining against my erection.

"You're so hot," he smiled up at me as he fumbled with my zipper.

"You just want to fuck me," I replied, between gasps of air.

"Is it working?" He asked, his tone sultry.

I bit my lip anxiously.

All too well.

He crushed his mouth to mine, dropping my jeans and boxers to the floor simultaneously. I ground my hardened member against him while his muscled body pinned my lithe figure against the solid wall.

He moaned in my mouth in return. We kissed some more, that fiery passion synging my lips.

He stripped himself slowly, teasing me. I bit my lip hard as he revealed his defined torso. His abs and pecs sculpted to lickable perfection.

Taking a few steps back, he hooked his thumbs into his waistband, smiling slyly.

"Ready?" He asked, smirking. I nodded in reply, biting my lip hard as I touched myself, drinking up his beauty.

An eyebrow went up and he half smiled as he lowered his shorts and boxers down. His pubes were shaved shortened at the base of his dick, his perfect balls hung low and hairless. His cock was thicker than I had imagined, longer too. Eight inches, and four inches thick, at least.

And all mine.

Dropping to my knees I took the first four inches into my mouth, gagging on his girth. He grinned and grabbed a fistful of my hair. I moaned around his dick as he slowly fucked my face.

"Mm, yeah. Make my cock nice and wet so I can fuck you." He moaned.

I fondled his nuts, and let my hard run down his hard abs as he glided in and out of my mouth.

He thrust his cock in all the way before releasing me and standing me up. His eyes were green with desire as he spun me around and stood behind me, teasing my hole with his hard cock.

Pulling my hair and causing my head to tilt back, he spoke in my ear, "You like that, baby? You what this big dick?"

"Oh, yes, Tony," I whispered in a hoarse reply.

"Not before I eat this ass," he replied, chuckling lightly and playfully smacking my ass and grunting.

Before I could say anything he turned me around and dropped to his knees, my left leg on his shoulder as he buried his face and tongue under my balls and lapped at my tight hole.

I moaned as he ate me, with knee-quivering expertise. He held my left leg up and stroked my cock while tasting my tight bud in circles wth his glorious tongue.

"Tony," I moaned breathlessly, unable to think.

He stood, letting my leg down and kissed me. The taste of myself and of his precum mingled freely inside our mouths.

Breaking free once again, he turned me around and put the head of his dick against my hole.

"Ready?" He asked, his voice deep and seductive with desire and need.

I moaned a yes as he pinned me against the wall, legs apart, holding my hands at the wrist with his one hand and guiding his cock inside my hole with the other. I moaned loudly as he breached me, his girth taking me by surprise.

Pain flicked through me, quickly followed by pleasure as he eased his cock fully into me.

Once his balls rested against my thighs, he pulled out slowly, and slammed his dick back in giving no time for adjusting. I moaned as he grunted, repeating this rhythm multiple times.

He kept my hands in place with his right and pulled my hair with his left hand while he pounded my tight ass relentlessly. Bitting my neck, he fucked me harder.

He fucked me mercilessly, his balls clapping against my thighs as he grunted and growled with each penetration.

He picked up speed as his climax drew near, his grip on my hands tightening, along with the grip on my hair. He fucked me harder as an orgasm shattered through him. Howling loudly, he burst his heavy load inside me. I moaned as my own orgasm crashed into me, making me tense up as I shot my load onto the wall, making ny jnees give out and making me lean against him as he slid in and out of my abused hole.

He slumped against me as we breathed heavily, exhausted. 

Pulling out of me, he kissed me softly. "Race you to the shower," He said and slapped my ass. I giggled and took off after him. If we both got in the shower, we were probably going to fuck again. And I wanted more. So much more.