 After that amazing evening when I fucked a man for the first time, Tony and I became a number. Not in the lovey dovey way of boys and girls, but in the sexual way of bi men. The way where it is just sex. The way where we meet purely for that. Sure there is affection and intimacy, a little romance, almost, but the only reason we are together really is to fuck and be fucked.

We met through a colleague at the airline company where we all worked. Sam is a dedicated top and would not do bottom at all. Tony and I had both been bottoms for him and in fact he took both our anal virginities. After that I wanted to be a top, at least for one night. Sam introduced us and I fucked Tony. I loved it and was confused as to whether I became a top or a bottom or, as Sam called it, versatile, for Tony then fucked me!

After that first fabulous night Tony and I met now and then and we would switch round. Usually I fucked him first and then later he would return the favour. It was quite a heady time.

"Do you have any fantasies James," he asked one evening when we were lying naked on a bed in a hotel.

We had not fucked yet that evening, but we had done most everything else. Lots of kissing, then we massaged each other with fingers on and slightly up each other's bum. Rimming each other was the natural following act before having mutual oral sex where we both came in the other's mouth.

That had taken an hour or so and we were in that post orgasm, recovery period where we were waiting for our bodies to recover for the second half; and when you are both in your mid-forties they take a little longer than they used to. Hence, we chatted and thus Tony asked me that question.

We were close together on the bed with our shoulders, arms and hips touching continually. As the mood took us so one of us would fondle the other on their chest, round their waist or lower and into their pubic patch and along their thighs. We both knew this was the build-up and would lead to further sex.

"You mean bi ones, Tony?"

"Yes, but any really."

"I do actually."

"Going to tell me?" He asked his fingers fumbling through the fairly thick thatch of hair on my pubis. 

"My ideal in some ways is a foursome with two guys and two women all of whom are bi."

"Kelly not up for it?"

"Fuck no, she totally refuses any attraction to women and I have tried I assure you."

"What about Sam's wife, I think Sally his partner plays."

"Yes he told me that and promised a threesome, but nothing has happened yet."

"She's still cabin crew isn't she?"

"No, she was a purser, but works in training and development now."

"What in HO?

"Yes."

"Would you want the threesome?"

"Yes, but of course with Sam it's a bit limited isn't it," I said as his fingers brushed against my nearly totally limp dick putting a little life into it. I turned slightly towards him and reached across my body to fondle his left breast.

"Yes these fucking dedicated tops."

"Pains in the arse aren't they."

"Well they can be, but lube helps," Tony replied smiling at the series of double entendres.

"Got any ideas?"

"What for the foursome?"

"Yes, would you be up for it?"

"Like a fucking shot I would, but I don't know any birds who would."

"That's my problem," I said as his fingers stroked my balls sending little frissons through me that seemed focused right on my dick. I pinched his nipple. "What about you Tone?"

"What fantasies?"

"Yes."

"Mine is simple," he replied taking hold of my cock that was starting to grow. 

I leaned across and kissed him. "That's lovely mate, keep it up."

"Oh I will."

"So what's the fantasy?" I asked as we ended the kiss with my hand holding his cock that was slightly further along the recovery path than mine.

"A foursome with three other blokes."

"Wow."

"Up for that?" he asked as we both rubbed each other's cock.

"You bet, but where do you find them?"

"Actually I think I have," Tony said kissing me back as both of our cocks reared straight up our bellies.

He rolled away from me a couple or three feet and opening his legs he raised them up high and held his full erection.

"Fuck me like this James, please."

Of course I obliged.

**

The taller guy, Gary was probably a little younger than Tony and me, late thirties I guessed whilst Bill was probably in his early fifties. We met at a bar in Queensway near to Whiteleys. The idea was a couple of drinks and if that went well we would have dinner then if we were all up for it go to Bill's house in Notting Hill.

Tony had met Bill at a party. They were both a little more overtly 'out' than either Gary or me or even Sam who was very conservative about his darker side, as indeed I was. Both Bill and Tony being parted from their female partners were a little more open although neither admitted to being gay for in reality they were not. This bi world really is fucked up!

How Bill and Tony got round to discussion and agreeing that the four of us would get together I never found out, but that did not worry me. The sheer idea of being with three other guys in a pretty much no holds barred sexual situation in the pleasant surroundings of a flat as opposed to the sordidness of a gay sauna, really excited me.

In the two weeks leading up to the get together Tony and I only met once and had some nice, but rather hurried sex. Our chat, though, was longer and fuller as it was all about the foursome that he was setting up.

"I just can't imagine what it will be like," I told him.

"Well you said you had been with two or three guys before."

"Yes at the sauna."

"Be a bit like that, I imagine."

"Yes but this will be in a bedroom, in a house with guys I have got to know a bit, for fuck's sake I will even know their names."

We both laughed.

"You're excited about it then?" He asked grabbing my dick that had hardened again after less than an hour since performing; I wondered why?"

"Yes very, aren't you, after all it's your fantasy."

Taking hold of my wrist with his other hand he put that on his dick. It was lovely and hard. I rubbed it. As we talked about the upcoming foursome so we wanked each other and we came at pretty much the same time.

Gary and Bill were both nicely turned out, were pretty good looking and looked clean and neat and tidy. Gary was around six feet two a bit taller than me, with very short, brown hair. Bill was around five eight and had longer, black with flecks of grey hair. Both looked quite fit and, as we found our as we had a the drinks in the bar, they worked out at a gym in Paddington, which is where they had met and as Bill put it placing his hand on Gary's. "Where we got to know each other."

After half hour or so Bill said.

"So do you guys fancy dinner?"

The dinner also went well and around nine or so Bill said.

"Fancy a nightcap at my place, it's only a few minutes by cab."

With a big smile, Tony said. "Phew, I thought you would never ask."

In the Edwardian three storey and basement townhouse not far from Paddington station, Bill led us up to the first floor that was taken over by one sitting room about twenty feet square. He opened some red wine, adjusted the lighting to a low moody glow and turned on an iPod that played some beautiful classical music. Whether he and Gary had planned beforehand I did not know, but he sat next to me and Gary was with Tony.

"Known Tony long?" He asked turning to look at me his knee resting against mine.

"No not really, although we work for the same firm."

"How did you er... get together then, assuming you have been together."

"We were introduced by a mutual friend and yes we have been together several times now."

"Oh yes the one that took both yours and his cherry wasn't it, he told us."

Smiling I replied. "Yes that's the one."

"The avowed top?" He asked placing his hand on my knee 

"Yes that's him," I replied looking down at it.

"He doesn't know what he's missing does he?" He asked running his hand up my thigh.

"No, are you er versatile Bill?"

"Yes very, you'll find out later if you are still up for it. Are you?" He asked as he pressed his hand against my bulge. I was already hard.

"Yes Bill I am."

"Well I am too and it looks very much as if Tony and Gary are, look."

I looked over and saw that they were kissing.

"Hey you two," Bill called out. "This is a fucking foursome not a twosome or two fucking twosomes."

"Right sorry mate," Gary called out, got a bit carried away.

"Ok, no problem, look here's the plan, if you all agree. Ok?"

We all agreed.

"We'll get undressed here and show each other what we have got and what's on offer and then we'll go down to the basement where the real fun will take place. Ok?"

Again we all agreed. My arousal increased considerably when Bill said about getting undressed.

Gary chimed in. "Is that one at a time undressing or altogether."

"Let's just do it," he replied unbuttoning his shirt. 

Tony was clearly well up for it as he pulled his pink, polo shirt over his head and revealed his nicely hairy chest. His hands went to his belt as Gary slid his jeans off, he was not wearing underpants and was nicely hung with a thick, but not that long dick. I unbuttoned my shirt, but left it on as I unzipped my chinos and slipped them off. I saw that Bill and Tony were down to their underpants, both were wearing boxers. 

We were all looking around at the others taking in one sexy sight after another. It was heady stuff and I was pleased that it hardened me off completely. I slid my CKs off and liked the look in Gary's eyes and Bill saying. "Mmmm nice one James." I am luckily quite well endowed weighing in at nearly eight inches and being quite sturdy!

Tony and Bill got their pants off at roughly the same time as I shrugged my shirt off.

All four of us had nice bodies, reasonable cocks and we were all hard.

"Come on girls let's get down to the basement."

It was even more dimly lit, but not as I had feared cold. There was a number of candles burning and something else either joss sticks or incense giving off a pungent aroma; the combination created a very sexy atmosphere. 

It was a recreation room with a table tennis table a couple of pin ball machines, a half size snooker table, some weights and a cross trainer. To one end there was a large pad about six inches deep and probably eight feet square. It was covered in black plastic. Alongside the mattress, for that was what it most resembled, was a sideboard on top of which there was a pile of towels, some bowls and bottles presumably containing oils.

"Come," Bill said leading the way to the mattress. 

He stood beside it and pulled Gary into his arms. They kissed. It was a very horny sight and Tony and I immediately reached for each other. We were soon kissing and pushing our cocks together. We both slid our hands down the other's back and caressed and then squeezed the other's bum. It was then that I felt another hand there and opening my eyes I saw it was Gary. At the same time Bill put his arm round my shoulders and kissed my cheek. My arm was hanging down by my side and was drawn as if by a magnet to Bill's cock. 

"Nice," he whispered into my ear as I stroked it.

"Mmmm, it is nice," I groaned back realising that I was being kissed on the mouth by Tony and on my neck and face by Bill. My cock was pressed firmly against Tony's and both his and mine were being stroked by Gary. We changed round and I found myself being kissed on the mouth by Gary as Tony sucked my nipple and bill rubbed my cock. 

This standing sexplay went on for a while until we gradually slipped onto the mattress and all four bodies became intertwined.

It was as good as impossible to work out who was doing what to whom, but all four of us were doing something. I could hardly work out where my body ended and the others began. I was continually kissing and being kissed, having my nipples pinched and sucked, feeling my cock being stroked and my balls cupped and squeezed. There were hands and fingers between my legs in the crease of my bum and scratching at my perineum. At the same time I was rubbing cocks, but was never quite sure whose. At one time my hand was behind me holding one as I was kissed so there was no way I could see anything.

"Let's do Tony first," I heard Bill say.

"Yes let's," Gary replied.

"Lay on your back Tony," Bill ordered kneeling

Gary straddled Tony's chest and pressed his cock against his lips. Tony opened his mouth immediately and Gary pushed it in. Bill was kneeling alongside Tony and bent his face towards Tony's cock. Reaching out he pulled me towards his cock. 

"Suck me and play with Tony's tits."

We did that and then changed round so that each of us was the centre of attraction for a while. It was pretty intense. It truly was an orgy of male sex. All thoughts of restraint vanished. My and I am sure the others as well had a focus on just one thing sexual pleasure. And how that came about was almost irrelevant. Stroking, rubbing, licking, kissing and sucking were all part of the pleasure path. Having my cock passed from mouth to mouth as I sucked another one that then changed was just one avenue. Having a tongue rimming me as my cock was sucked by someone else and my balls were in another's mouth was another. As was sucking a cock as one of the other's licked that guy's balls and kissed me.

Things were becoming wilder, more adventurous and less inhibited, if they ever had been inhibited!

"No fucking the first time," Bill announced.

"What about sucking?" Tony asked.

"Any other way of getting off is fine, ok?"

We all nodded our agreements and moved to the next stage, which clearly was the first mutual cum of the evening. I was lying on my back with my head turned to the left with Bill's cock in my mouth. Tony was licking and sucking me, as Gary attended to him and Bill sucked Gary's cock. And like that we sucked, slurped and grunted our way towards our orgasms. There was lots of groans and sighs, 'oh fucking hells' and 'yes, yes, yes,' as we all moved inexorably towards that magical four way climax. And then it was suddenly happening, but not before bossy Bill ordained.

"No cumming in the mouths guys."

I didn't mind that and was quite happy to spurt anywhere and let my spunk go wherever it chose to go. It ended with me shooting into Bill's hand with most of my cum going onto his stomach. Tony sat up as he got near and knowing how I liked him cumming on me shot all over my chest. I have no idea where Bill and Tony's stuff ended up but after we had all cum I saw smears of semen on all of us.

A note from James

I am not sure how this tale will be received by lit readers. I have published it in gay sex as there is no bi category and of course this was a gay evening, but not by gay guys for it was by bi guys.

There is, of course, a second part to the story. And that is the four-way fuck, which did happen. Whether I write and publish that will be dependent upon the feedback to this part. So guys, gay, bi or otherwise let me know.

Thanks

James.