 I wondered whether it was possible to write the same story straight and gay, so gave it a go. Tony and Juliette is the straight version, this is the gay version!





Tony enjoyed working in his firm of solicitors. Now 26, he had been a partner for 2 years and he enjoyed his work, as much as some of it was pretty mundane. Sorting house sales and divorce settlements wasn't the most exciting work, but it was lucrative and his company was thriving, and dealing with Joe Public was always interesting. The six partners worked well together, each bringing their own skills and specialities to the work they did, and to be honest it was an income generating machine, and annual bonuses were good. The income and bonuses allowed Tony to live in a nice flat, and although he had had a number of girlfriends, was living on his own at the moment. It allowed him to keep his flat as he wanted.

As well as the six partners, the company employed a number of legal assistants, as well as general office staff, mostly female, attractive, ranging in age from 19 to 40-ish. It was not that Tony was in a relationship or had ever taken any of them to bed – young, bubbly, attractive women always make a working environment good to be in if the office was managed well. In the office the only male was Julian, who had been working for them for eight months.

Julian was different from a lot of men working in the legal world. He was only 23, and had recently finished college. He was training to be a legal assistant, but probably wasn't ruthless enough to make it in a legal practice. There was a gentleness and vulnerability to Julian that was different. He was also good at his work, and was particularly good dealing with clients when they were feeling vulnerable, perhaps upset in a messy divorce, or when a husband or wife had died. Julian was mothered by some of the older women in the office; he had dated one or two of the younger ones, but nothing serious. He still lived with his parents, simply because it was easier to have someone iron his shirts and cook his meals and clean his rooms. 

Tony got on well with Julian. Julian appreciated Tony's professionalism tempered by generosity, as he mentored Julian through those early months. Tony appreciated Julian's openness and willingness to learn, and increasingly the suggestions that Julian was giving particularly for the company to deal more effectively on a personal level with the clients. Julian probably would never make it as a solicitor, but was a great asset to the company. On a level they enjoyed each others' company. Occasionally they would spend lunches together, and sometimes would play squash on an evening or weekend, particularly when neither of them had a girl to go out with. 

For Tony there was one further thought he constantly had about Julian, a thought he would never share with anyone and left him confused – he thought he had a fantastic ass. Tony knew he wasn't gay and knew Julian wasn't gay. But Julian was slim, and his ass was round and cute. Whenever Julian was walking away from him, Tony couldn't help watching. Once he had seen Julian naked in the showers after squash, and had gone home and masturbated before he could even eat. Tony couldn't make it out – he wasn't gay. Luckily he managed to hide his feelings.

Click.

Julian loved his work, and enjoyed the people he worked with. It was great to work in an all female office, and to have young women to take out, and he had even slept with one of them. Julian also enjoyed the work, although knew he would never make it as a solicitor in the hard world that was the legal profession. He knew he was good with the clients, and could perhaps bring a different dimension to the work in the office. Julian also appreciated being mentored by Tony. The company had a good training scheme, and the mentoring was part of it. And he could sometimes beat Tony at squash. 

Julian was comfortable for the time being and the money was good, although he would probably move on from the legal world in a year or two. For the time being he would carry on living with his parents, playing his sport, taking girls out – what else should a young guy do? Maybe there could be a bit more adventure in his life, and maybe he should make some more adventure. 

There was just one thing that puzzled Julian. One thing that bothered him. Or made him feel funny. It was Tony. He was a great guy, and would never do anything wrong. But Tony looked at his ass. Julian knew that as he left a room, Tony would be watching his ass. He remembered the time when he and Tony had shared the showers after the game of squash, how Tony had almost stared at his ass. He had subconsciously wriggled it at Tony, and Tony had left in a hurry. Julian had also been careful not to turn around in case Tony could see his cock beginning to swell. It was stupid – he had gone home and straight to his room and masturbated. Perhaps he had to take things into his own hands if he wanted more excitement in his life......

Click.

Friday morning. Tony had turned on his computer, and turned to the Turner file. He double clicked on the icon on his desktop to open the folder which would have copies of all the letters, scans of pictures and plans, copies of the reports. The searches were almost complete – he was ready to give the okay to the sale – he had until the end of the next week. It was a good project for his company – a thirty million pound purchase, with his company getting a percentage of the price for processing the sale for the purchasers. 

The file was empty. 

Everything had disappeared. Luckily there was a back-up, but there was something wrong – these files should not disappear. No-one should be able to get at the files except those with passwords. No-one should be able to get on his computer without a password. No-one should use his computer. No-one should touch his computer. For minutes he wondered who might be able to access the files. And his computer. There was probably only one person who could access both, outside of his partners, only one person who also had access to his office.

Tony called Julian into his office. He explained what had happened. Could he explain?

Click

It had been a great risk, playing with Tony's computer. And now time for some great acting.

"I'm really sorry Tony, can I explain?" Julian stared at his feet as he looked guilty – as guilty as his limited acting skills would allow. Tony nodded.

"I'm sorry Tony, but my computer at home wasn't working last night, and I wanted to order some flowers for my mother's birthday. Came here last night late and tired. Went on your computer – the office ones were shut down, and there is a log kept on what sites are accessed. Ordered the flowers, but I was tired and clicked on the wrong thing, and it all went. I didn't know what to do, just hoped you had a back up." Julian spoke hesitatingly, then looked up and down again, grateful for the drama course he had followed at college alongside his major.

Tony looked serious. "This is a sackable offence. Using computers for personal ordering. Accessing the computer of a partner. Placing company security at risk. This could be the end of your career here."

Julian looked up again. "Please, Tony, I'll do anything, I don't want to lose the job, I love it here. Please, anything." 

Tony paused, looking at him hard and long. "I need to think about this." He spoke quietly. "Come back at two – I'll have to consider this." Julian nodded, stood and left. Tony's mind spent the rest of the morning and lunchtime whirring. Through the morning Tony found an idea forming in his mind. An idea he rejected at first, but somehow, rather than going away, became stronger and stronger. 

At 2 o'clock Julian was again sat silently the other side the desk from Tony. It was Tony who spoke to break the silence, after he had built up his courage. "You said you will do anything to save your job? Absolutely anything?" There was a long pause before Julian nodded, almost imperceptibly. Then Tony spoke quietly. "If you really mean anything, then be at my flat for 2.00pm tomorrow. It's Saturday tomorrow. Don't be late."

With that Tony dismissed Julian. Julian left the office, his heart pumping, half smiling with excitement, half filled with apprehension. He had organised it to this point and it had worked. But from 2.00pm on the Saturday it would be out of his hands. Out of his control. Whatever Tony chose. Julian was fairly certain he wouldn't get hurt. He just hoped Tony would be kinky, but not horrible. He didn't think Tony would be...............

Click

After Julian had left his office, Tony's heart was thumping. He was amazed he had the nerve to set it up, and still had mixed feelings about the next day. Part of him was really excited, but part of him was still shouting out that he wasn't gay. He spent the next few hours imagining what he might do to him. All of his fantasies were coming true. Of course he wouldn't hurt Julian, but the more Tony thought, the more he knew he wanted him – and Julian wasn't stupid – he knew what it was about - Julian sounded like he wanted it as well.

All Saturday morning Tony had prepared, and sorted out what he thought he might need. His heart pounded stronger and stronger as he imagined what would happen, knowing he was confident to carry off his dreams, or at least the dreams that had filled his mind since the previous morning. And he liked Julian – he hoped he would enjoy his time as well. His heart leapt when the door bell rang, leaping almost as high as Tony himself as he headed for the door. Julian looked little different from the day before, wearing light chino's and white polo shirt. It was obvious Julian was even more nervous than Tony. Tony invited him in, offered a cold drink and a seat in his lounge. They chatted for a few minutes about nothing – the weather, families – the sort of chat that hides nervousness. At last after a pause Tony knew he had to make the first step. "You still want to go through with this?" he asked quietly.

He watched Julian go bright red, but nod very softly. Tony spoke again gently: "You don't need to say anything, just do what I tell you. Everything I tell you. Stand up."

Julian stood up, twirled after Tony had indicated with his finger, then stood facing him. "Remove your shirt." Julian paused at the order, then slowly began to lift the shirt over her head. "And your trousers." Again Julian paused before reaching down, undoing his belt, the buckle, lowering the zip then pushing trousers to the ground and stepping clear of them. 

Tony gazed at Julian as he stood in green and black checked boxer shorts. Again he got Julian to twirl around so he could see him, see the wonderful ass he had dreamed of owning. He was even more stunning than Tony thought. 

"Now boxers." Tony spoke quietly, controlling his own nerves. He watched as Julian removed his boxers. He stared at him, looking him up and down. Tony looked hard at Julian's cock. It wasn't hard, but seemed to be twitching gently. It was maybe four inches long, and average girth, but when hard be another couple of inches. Julian's balls were not huge, but nicely shaped. And everything was framed by black curly pubic hair. But Tony wanted to saviour in full the part he had been dreaming of most. He ordered Julian to turn around.

It was everything he thought it would be. His ass was round, shapely, perfect. Each cheek smooth, soft, divided by a crack which suggested wonderful hidden delights for the person who would explore further.........  

"Follow me," Tony ordered, and led Julian to his bedroom. Tony had removed his duvet, but left his pillows in the middle of the bed. "Lie over those," her ordered gently, and watched as Julian climbed onto the bed, and lay face down, his stomach over the pillows, raising his ass in the air. He carefully took the silk scarves he had collected earlier, looped one around Julian's left wrist and tied it to the head of the bed. At first Julian had pulled his hand away, but after Tony assured Julian he wouldn't hurt him, Julian allowed himself to be tied to the bed. Tony tied his right hand. Then Julian's two ankles, so he was spread wide over the pillows. Tony looked him over again. Almost nothing was hidden – he could see the underside of Julian's balls, his rose hole, puckered tight, both pushed up by the pillows into his eyeline. He looked at him for two or three minutes, before stepping to the bed......

Click.

Julian lay on the bed, calmly. There had been times when he had been frightened, as when Tony tied the first scarf, but his mind had told him – he had the trust Tony. It had been odd undressing for him. At first Julian had been embarrassed. He had wanted to run away. Again Julian's mind had told him there would never be another opportunity like this, and he had to stay. Julian had liked the way Tony had looked at him. He was flattered by the way he had looked at his naked body. Then the bedroom, lying on the pillows – Julian had done it all almost mechanically. And now it was obvious there was nothing hidden, that Tony could see his most intimate parts. And somehow he didn't mind. Julian waited, excited, frightened, wondering what would happen next. 

Julian felt it at first imperceptibly. It gave him goose bumps. He felt Tony's tongue very softly caress his asshole.Then it moved softly along the join of his bottom towards his waist, then back again, flicking, then gently caressing everywhere. He felt Tony push his tongue into his hole, then move it around. It was so wrong. It was so hot. It was embarrassing. It was so exciting. 

Julian felt the tongue caressing between his asshole and his balls, before returning to his asshole. Julian knew his cock was rock hard, and knew Tony knew as well.

It seemed like ages Tony caressed him with his tongue, getting him more and more excited. It felt so good. His cock tingled, his balls ached, his asshole yearned for more. Then there was a pause. The tongue was gone. Tony wasn't touching him. Almost instinctively Julian begged him "Please don't stop, please."

Then Julian felt the bed move again – Tony was climbing onto it. Then Julian suddenly realised where Tony was going. He felt it against his asshole. Julian tensed, pulling on the scarves holding him to the bed. He squirmed to escape, but there was no escape. Suddenly Julian screamed out loud – it hurt, it was so tight........

Click.

Tony had enjoyed caressing Julian, but now was the moment he had dreamt of. He had quickly removed his clothes and climbed onto the bed, aiming his cock at Julian's beautiful asshole. He thrust his cock three quarters into Julian's asshole. Julian screamed as Tony plunged the cock deep into him, as he possessed the most intimate hole of all. Tony let Julian quieten, relax, then pulled gently out, the lubrication he had applied making it easy enough. He pushed back in, thrusting an extra inch. Again Julian had tensed when the cock was pushed into him but this time didn't cry out. Another thrust and Tony's entire cock was embedded in his ass. 

It was so tight, it felt so good. Julian was holding tightly to the headboard, tense, pushing against Tony's cock. Tony held his cock deep inside until he felt Julian relax a little. Tony whispered to Julian to relax, and he should enjoy it. Surprisingly Julian did relax, although his hole was gripping Tony tightly – and wonderfully. Tony lay on Julian's back for several seconds, then eased his cock out about an inch and eased it back in to Julian's ass. 

And Tony heard him. Quietly. "Yes, please........." Tony continued to softly slide his cock in and out a little, feeling Julian responding to his thrusts. He heard Julian moan in pleasure. 

Tony spoke softly into Julian's ear. "When you are ready honey, just tell me to fuck your asshole. Tell me you want to feel my cock spurting cum into you."

For a few moments Tony moved his cock in and out gently. Then suddenly without warning, Tony heard Julian cry out. "Fuck me. Please fuck me hard. Fuck my ass. Shoot up me." Julian's body was suddenly writhing. He was screaming "Harder, fuck me harder......."

Click

Julian felt his own body responding to Tony's deep thrusts. It should have hurt – Tony's cock in his ass, but it was too exciting. Julian couldn't stop himself. He kept screaming obscenities. His body had never wanted sex so much, never wanted using by anyone else so much. Every corner of his body tingled with excitement as his ass was pounded. Any pain was hidden by the arousal. His plan had been worth it after all, Julian thought in a moment of clarity.

But only a short moment of clarity until he heard Tony cry out, tense, plunge deeply into his ass: as he felt Tony cumming pumping deep into his ass. Tony had taken his ass. Owned his ass. Julian felt that Tony owned him.

Julian felt Tony removing his cock from his ass, almost wanting it to stay there forever. In a moment Tony was sat on the side of the bed, panting, as was Julian. They remained silent for several moments until they had got their breath back. Julian was still wildly aroused, but hadn't cum himself. It wasn't fair.

Tony spoke first, aware of Julian's arousal and desire. He smiled at Julian. "You'll cum in my time, honey, when I choose. Do you want a coke?"

Click.

Tony left Julian tied to the bed and fetched a couple of bottles of coke. He had taken them back, untied Julian and let him sit up to drink. Tony saw Julian squirm and knew he was feeling cum seeping out of his asshole, and perhaps also feeling it hurt from being stretched and abused. Julian's face only suggested desire and fulfilment. As Julian sat drinking slowly from the bottle Tony reached out to Julian's smooth chest, letting his fingers play on the soft flesh, then gently rolling his finger around one of Julian's nipples which seemed to go instantly hard. As he did Tony chatted.

Tony told Julian he was going to deal with his cock in a minute, that he'd cum as he'd never cum before. He continued to chat - He had an idea. He had always wanted to share his darkest thoughts with someone, anyone. All those dark fantasies he had hidden for so long. Most of which he never wanted to do for real. Yet here he could tell Julian. He didn't know why, but he knew Julian had his dark thoughts, his dark fantasies as well, and he had discovered that perverted side of him that perhaps all men have somewhere, deep down. And a corner of Tony even thought – now he had probed Julian's darkest thoughts, and Julian would know his, maybe they could make some of them happen........... 

Tony almost perfunctorily told Julian what he was going to do, now he had stoked up the courage to open his fantasies to someone else. "I thought I would tell you my deepest darkest fantasies. That okay?"

Julian nodded, not knowing what Tony meant, but something inside him had leapt with excitement. 

Tony told Julian how he would like them both to take Becky at the same time, the innocent eighteen year old office Junior from work. And how he dreamt of having a mother and son side by side in his bed. Or brother and sister. And take a woman while her husband watched. Each time he introduced a new kink Tony told Julian how he would like to do it......... None of them included hurting people, all of them included the other person enjoying it, in the end, which Julian appreciated. But Tony had a truly kinky mind, Julian decided.....

As Tony talked, his fingers had left Julian's nipple and had slowly moved down his body, and was now resting on Julian's cock. Julian's cock was rock hard, and seeping pre-cum. At last Tony could resist no longer – he gently leant forward and touched the tip of Julian's cock with his tongue. Slowly he allowed his tongue to swirl around the head, taking Julian's pre-cum on his tongue, savouring it before swallowing it. He took the head of Julian's cock in his mouth, slowly taking more and more of it into his mouth, until Tony felt he couldn't get any more of Julian's length in his mouth. He held Julian's cock in his mouth, gently caressing with his tongue, grasping Julian's balls firmly, but not painfully. Tony Heard Julian moan, so slowly slid his mouth up and down on the cock, Julian thrusting up from the bed to meet his mouth. It was clear Julian wasn't going to last long, and was thrusting faster and faster, as his moans became louder and more out of control. Suddenly he cried, and Tony felt cum spurting from Julian's cock into his throat. Tony swallowed as hard has he could, trying to take every drop of cum into his stomach, squeezing every drop of cum from Julian's balls. Julian seemed to pump forever, but perhaps for a few seconds, before he began to relax. Then slowly his cock softened, and Tony allowed it to drop out of his mouth.
