 I was very nervous when I rang his door bell. Joey opened the door and smiled when he saw me.

"Hi!" he said. "Come on in!"

He looked very handsome in a white shirt and dark green trousers. I walked into the hall, and as soon as he had closed the door from prying eyes, he pulled me into his arms and kissed me. I hugged him back. My nervousness eased a little. I was with Joey. I was safe. I was loved. Everything would be fine. He gently broke our kiss and looked at me. His eyes were warm and kind.

"Hi there..." he said.

I smiled and mumbled a hello. I loved him so much!

"Dinner's ready," he said.

I took my coat off and hung it up. Joey escorted me into the kitchen.

"Awww..!" I said.

He has made a beautiful table, and even lit candles. The plates with meat and potatoes were decorated with fresh veggies, and he had folded napkins like envelopes to hold the cutlery. The thought that he had gone through all that trouble for me made warm inside.

"I wanted to make something special for tonight," he said, looking a little embarrassed, and shrugged his shoulders like it was no big deal.

"You're wonderful," I said, and kissed his cheek.

We ate and talked, and I had two glasses of wine which helped me relax. Ridiculous, really. What had I got to be nervous about? I had been together with Joey for 3 months. We had made out, we had seen each other naked, we had caressed each other in the most intimate way, and come in each others' mouths. The only thing we hadn't done was full out penetration. Tonight,however, I was going to stay the night, and go all the way with my boyfriend. The thought of it made my week go red, and my heart beat a little faster. Joey noticed, I'm sure, but he just smiled and cleared the table. He was more experienced than me. He knew what to do. I had never had a boyfriend before.

He took my hand and led me to the living room. He pressed a button on his stereo, and a soft pop ballad filled the room. He had really planned this evening, I thought, grinning happily at him.

"May I have this dance?" he said.

I walked into his arms, he put his arms around my waist and I wrapped mine around his broad shoulders. I looked into his warm, brown eyes. He kissed my forehead, and I moved my head so that I could rest it against his shoulder. He held me tight, I inhaled his after shave. He smelled manly. His chest was firm and his arms were strong. I was safe. I was in the arms of my manly, sexy boyfriend. And I was getting turned on.

I rubbed my nose against his neck, then my lips. I kissed his neck and caressed his thick hair, pulled my fingers through it. I felt his warm hands through my shirt, caressing my back. I found his lips and kissed them, slipped my tongue into his mouth and played with his tongue. His hands travelled down to my butt, cupped it and pressed me against him. He was hard. My heart beat faster, but I wasn't just nervous, I was excited too. I wanted Joey. Wanted to have his gorgeous body naked and warm next to mine. Wanted to touch him, to taste him, to...

"Wanna get more comfortable?" he asked.

"Yes," I whispered.

He took my hands and led me to the bedroom. He unbuttoned my shirt and kissed my torso as he did this; kissed my neck, my collarbone, my chest, followed a trail down to my stomach. I closed my eyes and enjoyed his touch. He sat down on the bed and opened my trousers. He pulled them down together with my underwear. My dick flew up to his face; erect and glistening with pre-cum. He sucked me, and I stood there, my eyes closed, my fingers in his hair, and moaned quietly with pleasure. Joey was good at sucking. I felt my balls stir. I was getting close. When Joey suddenly stopped, I let out a whining sound of disappointment. He grinned.

"Soon, sweetheart," he said.

I removed the last of my clothes and so did he. I jumped him, pushed him down on his back on top of the bed, and he threw his arms around me, laughing. We rolled over so that he got on top of me, and then he repeated what he had just done, only this time in a horizontal position. His hard dick hung over my legs. Would I really be able to fit that big thing inside of me? Joey noticed how tense I was.

"Relax," he said. "We'll take this slow. I want you to spread your legs for me. No, more!"

He got down between my legs, lifted them up a little so that my ass was exposed to him. He leaned down and licked my balls, moved his tongue down to my anus, and licked me there too. It tickled, but in a nice way. 

"I'm gonna put one finger inside you," he said. "Is that OK?"

"Yeah," I said. "Go ahead."

He wet his left index finger and put it inside of me. It felt strange, but it didn't hurt. He moved his finger na and out, and never stopped sucking on my dick. It was amazing how much more horny I felt from feeling him finger-fuck me at the same time as his mouth performed magic on my dick. My hands searched desperately for something to hold on to. I had to restrain myself from grabbing his head and just FORCE my dick into his throat. I squirmed and moaned and parted my legs all that I could.

"Do you like it?" Joey whispered. 

His breath tickled against my wet skin.

"It's so good!" I whined. "I can't stand this!"

"That's because I'm tickling your G-spot," said Joey. "Wanna try two fingers now?"

"Uh-huh," I said.

He got a bottle of lubricant out of his drawer, and poured a few drops on his fingers before putting them inside of me. Two fingers felt a lot more than just one. It didn't hurt, but it was starting to stretch me out a little. I still couldn't understand how I was going to take Joey's big cock, though. It was way thicker than just two fingers! And so long... Joey sucked me, touched all my sensitive spots, and I arched my hips up, unable to hold back any longer, and shot my load into Joey's warm, wet mouth. He swallowed it. I tossed my head back. I felt exhausted. Joey used my relaxed state to gently put 3 fingers into me. He raised his eyebrows as if asking for permission, and I nodded. I felt a different kind of excitement from getting penetrated than from being sucked. The latter was about putting my dick in Joey¨'s lovely mouth, about giving. Getting fucked - although I'd merely been finger-fucked yet - was about letting something in, about receiving. It felt different to receive than to give; different - but very, very sexy! I wanted more. I wanted to have Joey over me and in me and around me.

"Come," I whispered. "Come inside me now."

"Are you ready, sweetheart?" Joey asked.

I nodded. He lifted my legs up even higher. My ass waited for him. All of a sudden, I felt exposed and vulnerable.

"Be careful, OK?" I said. "Go slow!"

"Don't worry, Lucas," he said. "I won't hurt you. Just relax and let me in."

He lubed up his dick and put its head against my opening. His dick had never looked so big before. I bit my lip and forced myself to breathe deeply. Joey slowly pressed his dick into me, carefully, gently. I felt a slight sting as my sphincter was stretched out, but it wasn't as bad as I had feared. Joey slid deeper inside, until he couldn't go any further.

"You OK, man?" he asked.

"Yeah," I said. "God, you're big!"

"Does it feel good?"

"It feels great. Strange... but great!"

He slowly pulled back, until it was almost out, then pressed it in again. I pulled him down on top of me. I wanted to feel his skin against mine, to hold him, hug him, touch him, kiss him!

"Fuck me, Joey," I whispered. "It feels so good!"

He held my legs up, kissed me, and thrust into me, in a gentle, steady rhythm. I took him in, moaning under his soft attacks. How could there be such a wonderful feeling?

"I love you," he whispered in my ear. "I love everything about you; your pretty blue eyes, your soft, blond hair, and your sweet, hot, tight, little ass..!"

"Harder!" I begged. "Fuck me harder!"

"I don't wanna hurt you..."

"It doesn't hurt anymore, it feels good! Please... give it to me!"

His thrusts got a little harder. I could tell he was still afraid of hurting me, but when I wrapped my legs round his waist, he picked up the speed and fucked me with a mix of roughness and tenderness that was so typically Joey. I locked his eyes into mine, and when he read in my eyes how hot he was making me, he grabbed my ass with both hands and fucked me hard. It was such a turn-on to be in the arms of my strong man, and I whispered this in his ear. His grip got tighter, and his last few thrusts were violent. He cried out, and I felt his cum fill my ass and trickle down the back of my buttocks. Panting and chuckling, he pulled out of me. We curled up in each others' arms, not speaking, and just rubbed our noses together in a lovey-dovey way. I felt totally at peace.