 I work for a small engineering firm and travel often on business. Our firm usually sends two or three people to oversee construction jobs at various locations. We typically stay at small hotels for a week or two at a time, so you end up getting to know the other crew members pretty well. It was one of these trips that changed my life. I'm not one of those people that say they never thought about sex with another guy before. I had thought about it and the idea turned me on but it was not something that I ever thought would be something that I'd act on, more just a curiosity that turned me on, at least in part, because of how out of character it would be for me.

I was in charge of a job in a town a few hours from our home base and would be staying for the week and then coming home for the weekend. A young field engineer named Ken was assigned to the job with me. Ken and I had worked together and I knew he was a pretty good guy. We both liked to go out and have a few beers and enjoy ourselves a bit while we were on the road, so I knew it would be a decent job. Like I said, spending all that time on the road together, you just get to know each other and throw in a few beers and pretty soon you know a lot more about each other than even a lot of your friends know.

We'd been in town for a couple of days and we'd gotten into a routine of having something to eat and then grabbing a few beers and just shooting the shit for a while. It was after more than a couple beers that the subject of women came up, as it often does, and Ken shocked me by telling me that he was gay. I didn't really know what to say and just assured him that was fine with me and that I didn't have any problem with it. After getting back to my room that night, I couldn't stop thinking about it. For some reason, the thought of Ken having sex with another guy was an image that I just couldn't get out of my head. It wasn't long before the guy that I was picturing having sex with Ken was me. I didn't know what to think about all this going through my head, but I kept coming back to images of me sucking Ken's cock. I became so turned on that I began stroking myself and shot a huge load all over my chest while I fantasized about what it would be like to see Ken's cock and take it in my mouth and suck off another man.

The next day at the job site, I couldn't look at him the same. Every time I looked at him, I thought about what he looked like naked, what it would be like to have sex with him, the knowledge that he had sex with other guys was so erotic and I was so curious that I had a hard-on the whole day. We found ourselves out for drinks again that night and I could hardly restrain myself from asking him about it. After a couple of beers, I finally broached the subject. I tried to be casual about it, but I knew that I came across a little awkwardly. I knew it was a little more obvious than I wanted that I wanted to talk about it. At first, I just asked him how long he'd known he was gay, but eventually, the questions became more detailed and I felt like I could see a little bit of a look from him that said that he knew how curious I was about it. He answered all my questions, though, without really letting on what he was thinking. After we'd been there a while, he said very casually, "well, it's about time to get out of here." We'd had a few and had to work in the morning, so it really was about time to call it a night and we headed back to our rooms. As we approached our rooms, which were side by side, he said, "Why don't you come in for a few minutes." I figured what the hell, may as well sit and have another beer before packing it in, so I went into his room with him.

When we walked in the room, he went straight to a chair and sat down and simply said, "Strip for me Tom." I didn't know what to say and just looked at him. "You ask too many questions to pretend you don't want it," he said very confidently and casually. My stomach clenched tight in a knot and I still couldn't speak. I just stood and looked at him with a "deer in the headlights" look. He knew more than I could yet admit to myself. "Strip, now. I won't give you this chance again."

I began to unbutton my shirt and he smiled. "I knew you'd do it," he taunted me. I didn't know, but he seemed to.

I stripped and stood before him. I was embarrassed and uncomfortable but my discomfort seemed to turn me on even more. "Get on your knees," he said and I dropped to my knees. I didn't know where to look. I couldn't make eye contact with him, I was just too embarrassed. He quickly solved my problem by saying, "look at your cock." I could not, but I knew. "I said, look at your cock." I looked down and my cock was raging hard. I could feel every beat of my heart as it coursed through my head, my gut and most of all through my throbbing cock.

"You're hard thinking about having my cock in your mouth, aren't you?"

I couldn't help but nod my head.

"Don't you nod your fucking head at me, say it," he barked.

I could barely speak but I found myself forcing out the words, "my cock is hard thinking about having your cock in my mouth." I couldn't believe these words came from my mouth and I couldn't believe how true they were.

He looked me and let me squirm with that thought for a minute and then began to pull his shirt off over his head. I stared at his chest, so masculine, so clearly different from what I was used to, different from the women that I was "supposed" to be having sex with, what was happening to me? As he undid his belt and began to open his pants, my cock throbbed and a drop of precum oozed from my hard swollen cock. It did not go unnoticed. He smiled, "look at you; you're an eager little slut. Aren't you?" I made a whimpering sound that I didn't recognize. I didn't want his words to be true, but I knew they were. I was his slut and I knew it.

He slid his pants down and I could see his cock bulging against his briefs and I craved it. I stared as he rubbed its length. "Is this what you want?"

My hesitation was gone, "Yes."

He smiled, a smile that said that he knew I had given up any resistance. A smile that said he knew that I'd given up telling myself that, at that very moment, I didn't want to suck his cock more than I'd ever wanted anything in my life. He slid his briefs off and I gasped at the sight of his cock. He stroked once or twice, gently up and down its length while I stared. "Your cock is leaking cum," broke the silence.

I looked down and saw a stream of pre-cum flowing like had never happened to me before. "Wipe it up." he said simply. I reached down and wiped the cum from the head of my cock. "Now look at me and lick it from your fingers."

I froze for a moment, but with great effort, brought my eyes to his and licked the cum from my fingers. With that, any pretense was gone.

"Stand up and come over here," he ordered and I moved towards him. He moved his legs apart and I stood between them. Close. Exposed. Throbbing hard and willing to do whatever he asked if only I could satisfy the newly found craving within me to feel that beautiful cock in my mouth. "Stroke yourself." I took my cock in my hand and moved it slowly, afraid that I would cum immediately.

"Too many questions Tom

"Yes"

That smile again. "Are you just curious Tom, or do you really want it?" He taunted as he slowly stroked his cock under my unwavering gaze.

"I want it. Please."

"Are you sure," he teased.

"God. Please. Please." I begged.

"Begging isn't good enough. I'm going to show you how badly you want it. I'm going to show you what a natural born cocksucker you are. Keep stroking that cock. Keep stroking it slut. Are you going to be one of those wannabes that loses interest after he comes?"

"No. Please."

He laughs at my quick and eager response. "No. You're not. You're only just going to be getting started when you cum. You'll suck my cock before you cum. You'll suck my cock after you cum. You'll suck my cock any fucking time I tell you to. Won't you?"

"Oh god yes. Oh god, please. Please. Please let me suck it."

"Shut the fuck up. I don't want to hear it any more. Show me. Stroke that cock and cover my cock with your cum. Show me what a slutty little cocksucker you are."

I stroked myself furiously now. I needed to cum. I wanted to cum so he would let me suck his cock. He reached out and pinched my nipples as I stroked myself over his crotch. The pain and pleasure shot to my cock and I exploded like I had never cum before. My knees buckled as I pointed my cock at his. My hand went to the back of the chair for support and my cock throbbed its load all over his cock and balls. Far from coming down from arousal, I was only more aroused. He grabbed my hair and pulled my face to his cum covered crotch and I began to lick and suck like I'd wanted nothing else my whole life.

I forced my face back and forth, up and down, smearing my face with my cum and saliva. I moaned and licked and finally moved my head up and took his cock into my mouth. His hand continued to grip my hair as his hips started to move up and down fucking my mouth. "Oh yea, suck that cock you fucking slut. Suck it. Oh yea, what a fucking cocksucker you are."

I only moaned louder. I felt like there was nothing else I was meant to do in life but suck that cock. I wanted more than anything to make him cum. I wanted to feel that hot cock throb in my mouth and fill me full of his cum. I wanted him to make me his cocksucking, cum craving, slut.

"You want me to cum in your mouth?"

I wouldn't take his cock out of my mouth to answer, but his question evoked my loudest and deepest moan yet and he had his answer.

"You don't deserve my cum in your mouth yet" and with that, he pushed me off his cock and forced me backward lying on the floor. He quickly straddled my chest and stroked his cock over my face. His hot cum began to flood my face. He stroked himself fast and hard and shot an impossibly huge load all over my face. I felt another load of my own shooting out onto my belly as he came on my face. He took his cock and wiped it through the cum, smearing it on my face and wiping it towards my mouth. He fucked my mouth a few times with the cum that he had wiped up and then got up abruptly and went into the bathroom, leaving me lying on the floor covered in his cum. I heard the shower start as I lay there. When I'd finally recovered enough, I got up and got dressed and went to my room. I didn't know what to think. I was embarrassed and humiliated and yet never imagined I could be so turned on. I didn't know what tomorrow would hold, but I knew that everything had changed for me. I knew that there was nothing that I wouldn't do to be able to have Ken's cock in my mouth again.