 AUTHOR'S NOTE: All characters in sexual situations are 18 years of age or older.

Thanks to all of the readers who have sent me feedback and left comments, it's all been great. I really appreciate it, and it helps motivate me to write and post more. So thanks, and keep them coming--just a few words is good, but more is always appreciated :)

-----

I took a last look around the house. It looked okay; neat but lived-in. I glanced at the clock and thought that Andy should be here soon. I was surprised how nervous I felt.

My mom and sister had gone away for the weekend, leaving me alone to mind the house. I was going to have a small get-together with some friends--order some pizza and watch a few movies and listen to some music; drink some beer and smoke some weed--but then in the last few days one after another other things came up and they had to pull out. All except Andy.

"We're still going to get together, right Chris?" he asked me. "I mean, unless you got something else to do? But if you're going to sit at home alone, we might as well hang out, right?" I agreed.

But I was a little nervous, mostly because I didn't know Andy that well. One of my closer friends had brought him along a few weeks ago, and he'd started hanging out with us now and again. I think he was new to the city, having just transferred universities. He seemed a bit different and more adventurous than my regular friends, which both interested and unsettled me. One time we were at Mike's house, in the basement with his parents upstairs, and Andy had pulled out a porn tape from somewhere and popped it in the VCR. It only played for a minute or two before Mike noticed, freaked out, and almost kicked Andy out of the house. I hoped Andy wouldn't rope me into anything too wild on this night.

To tell you a little bit about myself, name of Chris, I am in my early twenties, about six feet tall with a broad-shouldered body that is fit if not muscled. I have brown hair that's a little shaggy and always looks in need of a haircut. On that evening I was wearing black jeans and a t-shirt with the logo of a rock'n'roll radio station. There's a lot of other details to my biography, but I don't think they're relevant to this story, on this particular evening.

And just like I expected, the doorbell did soon ring. The setting sun beamed in through the windows, and soon I'd need to turn on some lights. I opened the door to find Andy waiting, surprisingly burdened-down with a knapsack on his back, and a big box of pizza in his hands.

"Hey dude! What's up?" He said with a smile. "I was thinking, why wait to phone in the order and wait for the delivery guy, and blah-blah-blah? So, I just set up a pick-up from the place around the corner at the right time, and just dropped by there on my way here. I hope it's cool?"

"Oh yeah, yeah!" I said. "C'mon in. Yeah, that's cool, we can eat right away then, good thinking." That really was a lot like Andy, from what I'd gotten to know of him. Always planning one step ahead, always looking for something a little less mundane. In the short time I'd known him his ideas had made for some evenings that otherwise wouldn't have been nearly as fun. It was one of the reasons I thought it would be alright to spend an evening hanging out with him, even when, after the party was cancelled, I really just wanted to spend a quiet evening alone.

A bit about Andy: He was around my age, a little shorter and with a much more slim and lithe body type. He had straight blonde hair that fell down to his shoulders, and wide excitable eyes. I think it's fair to say he was the adventurous ball of energy to my more reserved, thoughtful character. He wore slacks and a multi-coloured short-sleeve shirt that looked like it was from a thrift store.

I grabbed a couple of beers from the fridge, some plates and napkins, and we made our way down to the basement rec room. We both sat down on the big couch that was opposite the TV, put all our things on the coffee table in front of us, and chowed down on pizza. The first thing we had planned was catching a movie on TV, and by the time our feeding frenzy died down the movie was about to start.

It turned out to be a pretty good movie, a mostly forgotten sci-fi flick from the seventies on one of the cable channels. We mostly stayed quiet and watched, except for commercial breaks when we'd pass a stray comment to each other, or take a bathroom break, or go grab another couple of beers.

Feeling a little light-headed from the beer, I had to admit that my mind kept going back to the way Sigourney Weaver looked, especially in one scene where she strutted around in clothes that hugged and highlighted all her major-league curves. It's the image that was in my mind as the credits rolled.

"Pretty good movie, huh?" Andy asked, getting out of his slouching position and stretching.

"Uh, oh yeah," I said "That zero-gravity scene? That looked so cool."

"What about her eyes, man? Especially when she's shouting at those other officers? Fuck, if she didn't want to eat 'em up instead of yell at them. Fuck if she didn't give me a major chubby with those eyes."

I laughed out loud, because he didn't even have to say what part he was talking about, because my thoughts were exactly the same. I laughed a little too loud, felt self-conscious and covered up my mouth and looked away. "Um, yeah," I said. "Definitely."

I guess Andy saw I was feeling a little weird talking about this, because he changed the subject right away. I'm really not so sure why I get so shy and quiet and nervous when the conversation turns to sex--I certainly think about it a ton--but it was nice of Andy not to tease, as sometimes happens.

"Since you've been so nice as to share your beers," he said, "this seems for a good time to smoke a joint. That cool?" he asked, and reached into his knapsack.

"Cool," I said, and grabbed one of the left-over slices of pizza to munch on while he rolled up a joint.

He pulled out a pretty big bag of weed, and I didn't say anything until he poured it all out onto a part of the coffee table he'd cleared. "Geez, we're not going to smoke all that, are we?"

He looked at me and grinned, "Why not? Don't worry, it's my treat."

"Well..." I hesitated, and thought it over while taking another bite of pizza, "let's split it up then, some now, some later?"

"Pace yourself!" Andy called out, jokingly. "That's what I call a plan! That's why I like you, man, you're not afraid to have a good time."

"Me?" I asked, with a tone of doubt. "I'm not exactly Mr. Excitement. I mean, we haven't known each other that long, but you must have figured that out, at least."

"Naw, naw, naw," he protested. "You like to have fun on your own terms. You know what you like and what you don't like, and you're not afraid to go your own way to satisfy yourself. Like, I know you could sometimes go to a club, or a bar, but instead you stay home and read, or make time to take a walk in the woods, right?"

"Uh, yeah..."

"Well, you might think that's un-cool, I would even guess that sometimes it's what you tell yourself, but it's actually very cool. You know what makes you happy and what doesn't make you happy, and you follow it. Most of those people doing the 'cool' thing, so it'll look good to others? They're totally miserable fucks. Totally miserable inside."

"Hmmm..."

"I'm telling you, man," Andy said, "It's something that's really...attractive."

He occupied himself with rolling the joint, and let the word hang out there. For a few minutes I thought he was going to correct himself, somehow amend the statement, say he used the wrong word. But he was entirely content to be quiet. I wondered if he even said what I heard him say.

The house was dark now, as we moved up the stairs and through the rooms, stepping through the sliding door to the backyard porch. A few stars sparkled in the evening sky, and the moon hung nearly full, beautifully bone-white. We didn't share many words, just passed the skunky-smelling joint back-and-forth, watching the cherry-red tip burn in the darkness. The backyard was screened well from the neighbours, and nobody else seemed to be out, so it was a very low-stress environment. Just chilling out surrounded by the warmth of the night, the crickets singing somewhere off in the distance, the stars high above. And my new friend Andy beside me, who I was feeling closer to every moment.

The buzz really hit me as soon as we stepped inside the house. It was all I could do to keep my balance while grabbing another beer and a big plastic cup of water. Hands full, it took me forever to negotiate my way down the basement stairs without falling, and I know if anyone had videotaped me cautiously taking each step while stoned out of my gourd, it would have been a laugh riot.

When I finally dropped back into the sofa, it was like sitting in the throne of the king of the universe. The pleasant buzz coursed through my bones and along the surface of my skin, the soft couch cushioned my body, and liquids and munchies were within reach, while the large TV-screen provided all the entertainment I needed. Until he spoke, I'd forgotten Andy was in my home.

"Hey man," he said, reaching into his bag again. "I got a special surprise for you, that's fucking scorching hot. I hope it's cool with you." He leaned down in front of the VCR & DVD players, and pressed some buttons.

Up until that time, I have to admit that my pornography consumption was pretty pathetic. Of course I was eager, but the most I saw were late-night cable movies where topless couples did a grind to a cheesy saxophone soundtrack, or poor-definition pictures on the computer that were just teases for paysites I couldn't get into. None of it really prepared me for the porn that Andy showed me.

I think there's milestones in everyone's erotic life. We might not think about them a lot, we might not even recognize them, but they must be the moments that imprint and deepen what is the primary obsession of humanity. The first ones may be an odd stirring inside when you're just hitting that threshold, and you see a picture of a voluptuous female. Another time, when people are removing clothes or changing, instead of not minding or turning away, you feel a keen curiosity to look closer. The first time you masturbate, when you're not even sure why, and you're not sure you'll ever do it again, but you do. Again and again and again. 

Then waking up on a spring morning and seeing everyone displaying more flesh and more life and just thinking about fucking and fucking and fucking all day. As a guy, I know that at some point seeing a woman's big round ass sparked something primal in me that has never died, that has since always been lurking near the surface, ready to take control. And when I see high school students in uniforms, all I can think back to is my days wearing a uniform, my cock getting hard all through the day, needing to push it down just to be able to walk, hopefully nobody noticing. I'm sure some did. Probably a lot did. Sometimes I'd stroke it in the washroom. And I'd just be dying until I could get home and lock myself in the washroom and take my cock out and jack off, sweating while revelling in every sexual thought I could generate.

Something like that, another level of sexual obsession, came to life in me when Andy's porn movie started. He'd done his research, this was super-quality hardcore. The women looked more beautiful than I could have hoped for, and acted like they lived to fuck. The guys looked like models themselves, and were without exception well-hung with thick cocks that were hard from the start. Sexuality burned off the screen before they even did anything. And oh, the things they did. Multiple hard cocks came at every woman, the guys mad to get off as nastily as they could. Oral, vaginal, anal...lots and lots of anal. Girls touched each other and swapped cum, and violated each other with big neon-coloured toys. And the guys were mostly concerned with fucking the girls but they certainly didn't mind putting an arm around each other, or rubbing their hard cocks together, or even in one scene jacking each other off a bit. And it was all in crystal-clear video, with a pumping techno soundtrack, and camerawork and edits that were a pervert's dream. I was hooked, trapped, captivated.

"Uh," Andy started, "My pants are...getting a little tight and uncomfortable, if you know what I mean. Do you mind if I loosen them a bit?"

"No," I replied. "Go ahead." I heard some unbuckling and the zip of a zipper, but didn't look over.

"Aren't your pants getting uncomfortable?" Andy asked "Fuck, you've got those tight jeans, I bet your cock's bursting to get out. Isn't it?"

"Uh, yeah."

"Well, don't mind me, go ahead. Look at me, I feel sooo much better now."

I did look over at him. His pants and underwear were down to his knees. The only light was from the TV screen, but I could see his cock standing straight at attention. He stroked it idly with the fingertips of one hand.

I unbuttoned my jeans. My inflamed cockhead was pushing past the waistband of my briefs. I tried to readjust them, but my entire cock wouldn't fit in any way but extremely awkwardly. Eventually I pulled my briefs down past my balls and tried to pull my t-shirt over my cock.

I looked over at Andy; I swore he was looking at me before twitching his head back toward the screen. He stroked his cock slowly but firmly.

"Hey Chris," he said, after some time, "Do you ever...um, do anything differently when you jack off? I mean, to get off better? To get off hard?"

Yes, at this point I was jacking off too. We were two guys alone in the house, jacking off to porn. It may not have been my idea ahead of time, but it felt fantastic at the moment. Sexuality filled the room.

"Uh...sometimes I masturbate with the other hand," I said. "It feels a bit different..."

"Yeah, that's good sometimes...you know what else is good?" Andy looked right at me, stroking his cock. It looked so big in his hand, and precum was bubbling out and running down the side. "Can I thank you for this evening?...There's something I want to do...I want to say thanks...feel good...they say a mouth is a mouth...Don't you want to get off?...It's a boy-to-boy thing...A little like horseplay, release some tension...Get off good...A mouth is a mouth...You're so sweet..."

You just have to believe that I was confused. I honestly couldn't understand what he was saying; the audio on the TV was loud, and he was mumbling a little, and we were both pretty high.

Still, I nodded.

"Take your hand off your cock," he said.

I did.

He leaned over, his hot lips and mouth touched my cock, and my eyes squeezed shut. He flicked my cockhead with his tongue a few times, and then sucked my cock into his mouth. I groaned and rolled my hips up, pushing my cock deeper into Andy's mouth.

I was stunned, but shivered in pleasure: "Oh, wow wow wow wowowowowow..."

I opened my eyes. Andy had knelt between my thighs, working his head up and down my cock so that his hair fell in front of his eyes. His hand massaged my ball sack. With the state I was in, I couldn't take it much longer; I reached out a hand and put it on top of his head, encouraging his homosexual fellatio.

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum soon!" I growled.

Andy lifted his mouth off my cock for the first time. Strings of saliva hung from his lips down to my cock, and his bottom lip bumped my cock as he spoke. "Is that good Chris? Am I doing alright?"

"Fuck, that feels so good, yeah! It's just that I'm so horny I'm gonna cum quick. I haven't jacked off all day."

"Ooooh," he cooed. "I love to do a good job. I love your cock in my mouth Chris, your cock twitching in my mouth. I love the way it tastes. Please tell me it's not the last time I'm sucking your cock, or I'll never let you cum."

"I-I-It's not the last time," I snarled. I didn't want talk, I wanted to get off, I wanted to stick my cock in his sweet mouth again. "You can suck me off whenever you want. Whenever I'm hard."

Andy dove back into his work. A tingling began in my balls.

"Fuck, I'm gonna shoot!!"

I kicked my heels back against the couch, pressed Andy's head down on my cock, and pushed my cock deeper into his mouth. He slobbered and choked, but kept working it.

I orgasmed, my cock twitching and shooting hot cum into the willing wet heat of his mouth. He was sucking it down, swallowing it up, coaxing out more by running his tongue along my cock.

It felt like I'd emptied my balls. I leaned back and closed my eyes, my hands fell to my sides. My breathing was heavy, and tingles of pleasure travelled all through my body. Silently, Andy began cleaning up my groin, softly licking up the scattered semen and saliva; off my softening cock, my balls, my thighs.

"Fucking great," I sighed. "Fucking great, unbelievable. A little homosexual, I guess." That's what it was: homo, gay. Why did just the idea of it turn me on so much? "Boy-on-boy action...yeah..."

Andy leaned back on his heels, brushed the hair out of eyes, and grinned at me. His hand went down to stroke his still-hard cock.

"That's was okay, huh?" he asked.

I opened my eyes and a grin beamed from my face. "That felt amazing, I needed that..."

I wave of concern across Andy's face. "I'm...I'm not gay you know. I and I don't think you are either, right?"

"Oh, no."

"But," he continued, "there's nothing wrong with getting off, right? Just some sport-fucking? I'm not going to start liking Liza Minnelli or figure skating just because I like to get off with a friend, right?" We both laughed.

"Sport-fucking," I said, "I like the sound of that. Two guys letting off a little pressure."

"Yeah, I'm sure a lot of guys do it...or wish the could." His smile totally disarmed me. "Hey, can I take off my clothes? I'm kinda hot."

"Sure, sure," I said, and got up and did so myself. In a minute we were both completely naked. I sat back down on the couch, but Andy sat back down on the floor, a little ways away from me. He stroked his cock, at times closing his eyes and biting his lip in pleasure.

"Do you like watching me jack off?" he asked. Indeed, though there was still action on the TV, I was entirely looking at him.

I reached out a foot, and rubbed it between his spread legs, along his scrotum and the base of his cock. Andy pulled his hand away from his cock and let me stroke it with my foot. 

Soon, he was like a little kitten--my little sex kitten. Lying on his back at my feet, he let me use one foot to rub up and down his cock, pressing his erection against his smooth stomach. I moved my other foot to his mouth; without resistance, he began sucking my toes eagerly.

"Yeah, you're a little submissive, aren't you?" I asked.

"Mrrrrrmph," he purred around my toes, nodding.

"You're a little submissive, huh?" I was breathing more heavily, my cock was hardening; turning Andy on was turning me on. "That's okay if you're a little submissive, I'm a little dominant, I think. I can take the upper hand, if I have to. ...I can lead the way..."

I pulled my feet away and stood up, astride Andy's body. I knew I was pushing it further, but I was trembling with animal sexuality. I moved downward, my face over his crotch, my crotch over his face.

"I'm gonna jack you off," I said, "Lick my ass a little." And then I stuck my ass right in his face. There was a pause where I didn't know how he'd react, and then he attacked my ass with such desire I saw stars in my eyes and forgot about anything else. He stuffed his face in my asscrack, licking, sucking, and kissing my asshole. His hands spread my asscheeks and his hot tongue licked, teased, and probed my asshole. Every time he licked my crack from one end to the other shivers ran up my spine.

I reached out for his cock and stroked it with my hand. It felt so great, having another hard, throbbing cock in my hand. Just as good as jacking off my own, but somehow different. I reached around and ran my finger down his asscrack, gently placing my finger at his hot rosebud. It turned me on so much to do the things that I knew would feel so great on me. Andy groaned, I brought my head down and flicked his smooth purple cockhead, tasting the pre-cum and the sweat and the unique taste of cock cock cock.
