 This is the first part of a series of encounters between the main character, Eric and several other men. The story is completely fictional.

*****

Eric didn't really know how or when it happened, but at some point during college he had left his Christian upbringing and morals behind. According to his parents he was a "depraved perverted piece of filth", and if that was a Christian synonym for being gay, or bi in his case then he had no interest in being a Christian, he would much rather be depraved filth. Luckily his parents hadn't found out about his orientation before he graduated, having studied economics. Even better he had found major success as a stock broker, leaving him with money to burn, allowing him to further his "depravity" despite their wishes. 

He hadn't actually been that morally depraved, fairly innocent in fact, having only slept with one guy, whom he was dating at the time. The relationship had ended because Eric was in the closet, ironic that he was outed only a few weeks later. The road from relative innocence to "moral depravity" wasn't long for Eric, the combination of money and heart ache made sex, drugs and alcohol seem mighty enticing. Especially when his own parents seemed to have judged him for it before it had happened. 

Eric had gradually gone from being a studious young man to a voracious partier. He had bought a large flat close to campus, where he threw parties pretty much every weekend, Friday to Sunday, the cops even ignored him, largely due to some hefty bribes, but hey.

The parties were mostly just a cover though, a great way to meet new people he could fuck. Some big-boobed, brain-dead Barbie or hot dumb jock, it didn't really matter, ass was ass and all that. They were all enjoyable in their own way.

Eric gazed critically at his own reflection, he wasn't sure about tonight's outfit, it was fairly casual, but he always tried for a slight flare in his style. Suit pants that gripped his ass and showed off his crotch coupled with a shirt that was definitely indecently buttoned to show off his broad chest. Beneath it everything was trimmed and ready for the night, with a slight treasure trail leading across his toned stomach down to his crotch. 

"This will do," he thought, as he turned from the mirror, ready to prowl.

Half an hour later, he was standing at the bar in one of the local gay joints; he had decided to hunt for men tonight.

His chiselled body, black hair and grey eyes drew all eyes to him, his height probably helped as well, at 6'1 he stood out, and he loved it. Eric had discovered something about people a long time ago, they were pathetic. Everyone craves attention, they want to be noticed, and they were shallow, so when men like him showed interest, they followed like sheep. It wasn't really hunting, more like selecting a prise cow for slaughter, a new tissue to use and discard. It was a Saturday night, the dance floor was packed with fresh meat, the only question was whom to pick. 

There were options aplenty, thin little twinks, body builders and dancers, Eric's eyes settled on a blond-haired jock dancing with a few other guys, probably his friends. They all looked around his own age, mid-twenties, all jocks, most of them good looking enough. The blond was especially juicy, good muscles, but not bulging, perfect build. His best asset however, was his ass. It looked perfectly perky, swaying tantalisingly with the rhythm of the dance. One of the other guys, a slimmer black-haired jock was dancing with him, or trying to, maybe it was blondies boyfriend? Eric didn't care, worst case he might have to find other pray, best case, he might end up in a threesome, the other guy wasn't too shabby looking either. 

He grabbed a drink from the bartender, a pornstar-martini, he wasn't planning to film anything, but given how he was dressed and moving, it felt appropriate. He worked his way through the dance floor, adjust to the beat of the music as he drew closer to the jock. He let himself dance with other pretty things on the way, making the movements seem natural, less predatorial. It didn't take him long to end up behind the blonde. The blonde didn't turn, he just kept dancing, his friends though, they looked, first at Eric, then at the blonde. They looked slack jawed, awe perhaps. Eric would be the hottest guy in a room full of models, their friend, looked good, but nothing compared to Eric. The stares turned to jealousy when he sneaked his free hand around the jocks torso, all the while grinding his crotch towards the jocks ass. 

The jock froze when Eric reached around him, then turned to glance at the stranger who dared touch him, and froze again. Erik took the chance, leaning forward and shouting to be heard over the music, "Hey, hot stuff, what say we ditch your friends and you and me go do something more fun?"

Blondie smiled, clearly liking both what he saw and what he heard. He kept dancing, grinding their chests together as he reached into Eric's pants, his smile widening as he did, like sheep to the slaughter, the kid was sold.

Eric flashed him a cocky grin as he threw back the last of his drink and grabbed the jock by his collar, dragging him through the crowds out into the street. The jock seemed nervous, he probably wasn't used to this kind of thing, or maybe Eric's appearance was too much, it's not every day you got picked up by a god. The kid was clearly trying to speak, but he was stuttering too much to seem coherent. Eric decided to ease the tension, "Hi, I'm Eric, I live right down the street, unless you prefer your place?" He flashed one of his most charming smiles. 

The jock seemed to find his tongue again, because he was finally able to speak. "I'm Scott, nice to meet you, your place is good, I live quite far away."

They didn't chat much on the short walk to Eric's flat, Scott seemed to nervous, and Eric, he didn't really care to chat too much with Scott, after all, the jock was only there to please him, it could have been any other guy at the club, in other words, Eric thought of Scott as inconsequential at best, the fact that he still remembered the blondes name was unusual.

The walk was only a few minutes, but by the time they reached the door Eric was rearing to go. He unlocked the door and pulled Scott inside in a single motion, locking the door behind them. Scott's eyes widened at the sudden motion, as Eric's hands suddenly roamed across him, their lips met, and tongues clashed. Scott pushed Eric away, breathing hard, "we should go to your bedroom, I don't want your roommates to walk in on us." Eric smiled, "I live alone" was all he said before their lips clashed again, a sense of urgency filling them both. 

They were still up against the door, entwined in each other, their tongues fighting a battle for dominance Scott was destined to lose. He would be conquered that night, he just hadn't realised yet. Eric, still entwined pulled them towards the bedroom, stumbling and discarding clothes haphazardly as they went, creating a trail from the hallway and up the stairs. By the time they reached the bed we were both naked. 

Eric pushed Scott onto the bed and straddled him, his breath was hot and ragged with excitement and Eric could feel his warm length bobbing against his ass, he ignored it for the moment, focusing instead on lavishing Scott's neck with licks and kisses, caressing his muscles and hard nipples. Scott's eyes were feverish with desire, with need, Eric loved the feeling of power, it was like fire racing through his veins making his cock even harder, dripping in anticipation of what was to come. Eric flipped them around on the bed, pushing Scott's head towards his aching hardness. 

Scott's lips were soft and velvety and he coxed Eric forwards with expert skill, leading him to almost unwillingly buck his hips, seeking to go deeper into the soft heat that enveloped him. Scott swallowed his length with the skill of an Olympic athlete, his cock-sucking skills were on another level compared to most men Eric fucked, a real slutt most likely.

Eric looked down at him, enjoying the sensations Scott were providing while admiring his body; the smooth abs, lightly stubbled chin, pretty mouth filled with cock. Eric wouldn't be able to hold back for much longer at this rate, so he pulled Scott of him, drawing him inside his arms to kiss him. Eric reversed their positions, getting ready to return the favour.

Scott was a bit smaller than Eric, but with six inches, the man wasn't lacking either, his dick stood straight up and bobbed back and forth as he looked at Eric with pleading eyes. He needed this, and so, did Eric. 

Eric bent down and dragged his tongue along the Scott's length, allowing his hands to lightly caress Scott's body, one focusing on his aching balls, another, coated in spit, sneaking down to open him up. Scott moaned form the pleasure, Eric continued to lick and fondle and lightly touch, but he could feel Scott starting to twitch, knowing Scott was getting close, Eric drew off him, he wasn't done with Scott yet. 

Eric grabbed Scott's legs, drawing them up to lean on his shoulders, all the while leaning in to capture Scott's lips with his own. Eric deepened the kiss as he positioned himself to enter Scott, both his length and Scott's hole was coated in spit, he felt resistance and then as Scott was moaning into his mouth the ring relax, allowing Eric to enter him. Their tongues battled even as Eric slid into Scott with measured slowness, he knew his girth could be a challenge, so he entered carefully, Scott was groaning, half in pain and yet simultaneously pleasure. Eric could feel the pleasure and pain warring within Scott as the whole clenched and relaxed, milking Eric and teasing him to do more. 

Scott was tight, and warm. It was only by an effort of will that Eric managed not to just spear him to the hilt in one savage thrust, especially now that Scott was groaning and moaning like a bitch in heat. It was so tempting, to thrust, but Eric waited and finally Scott started to push back, allowing all of Eric's length to enter him.

They moved together in the throes of passion, riding a wave of pleasure, each thrust leading closer to an inevitable climax, their breathing became ragged, bodies glistening with sweat as Eric's hard length pounded into Scott's depths. With a single, unified cry they could feel themselves release, Eric deep within Scott, and Scott onto their chests. 

Eric didn't normally cuddle after sex, but this had been kind of mind blowing, probably one of the best sexual experiences he ever had, certainly one of the most intense ones. Normally he would kick his conquests out post orgasm, letting them stay over was, not happening. That had been the plan with Scott as well, but in his deep post orgasm haze, he kind of forgot throwing the conquest out and drifted off to sleep, while for the first time in years, he was holding another man.

Eric woke to the sound of rushing water and bright sunlight streaming through his windows, he had forgotten to close the curtains the night before, so the neighbours might have gotten quite the show. That wasn't really that important, most of his neighbours were students, he had even slept with some of them, if they wanted to see him fuck someone they should just ask to have a threesome. 

He wondered why the water was running before remembering that he hadn't thrown the guy out before going to sleep. Fuck, that always led to drama, and they hadn't even used condoms, shit. 

Eric threw his hands up, "Arh, oh well, no used crying over spilled milk," he said to himself as he lumbered over to the other bathroom, showering off the nights adventure before starting his day. The guy, Scott, thankfully seemed to get how these things worked, and was gone before Eric emerged from the bathroom. The only trace left was a note on the kitchen counter, with a name, a phone number, and the phrase "call if you wanna fuck". 

THE END