 Growing up, I had a typical small-town life, playing with friends at the park or when the adults got together. I had both male and female friends, it didn't make a difference to me. That changed a few years later when puberty hit, and I began to notice there was a definite difference. High school arrived, and I began to go on dates. Even though I was a skinny guy, I was popular and had a few steady girlfriends. Time flew, and I was off to college, still a virgin. That changed during the week of freshman orientation. I met a girl at a party, and spent the evening chatting and drinking beer from the keg. She was bright and witty, a bit on the skinny side (like me), and rather plain looking, but I was enjoying her company, so I stood and talked, and kept refilling her cup. A few hours later, we were both good and buzzed, and we hit a lull in the conversation. I shuffled my feet, and looked up at her, then burst out laughing. She did the same, then surprised me grabbing me and planting a wet sloppy kiss on me. I kissed her back amid cheers from the other people nearby. 

"C'mon, lets get out of here." she said, grabbing my hand and leading me to the door. We walked a couple of blocks back to the dorms, and made our way to my room without getting caught. Then our clothes were on the floor, and we were on my bed. Even though I was and still am a skinny guy, my cock started to grow early, and I ended up with a nice rod that's 7" long when hard, average thickness, and a helmet-shaped head with a flaring rim. Her eyes got big when she saw it, and she was on me in a flash, sucking it in and lapping around the head with her tongue. I lay there and let her have her way, enjoying the sensations she was giving me, and watching her head work up and down. Her next move was to climb up and straddle me, and lower herself down on my shaft, hissing with delight as it disappeared up her cunt. Once again, she did all the work, and I enjoyed her effort, watching her bounce up and down, her little tits jiggling when she'd hit bottom. But the excitement wore off, and I was actually becoming bored. Being drunk didn't help either, and I was beginning to think I wasn't going to cum, when she suddenly straightened up and leaned back. I could feel her cunt spasming around my cock as she had her orgasm. When it passed, she opened her eyes and looked at me for a second, then hoisted herself off my cock, and started sucking on it again, along with furiously jacking the shaft. Ah, that did the trick, and it was my turn to arch my back as hot strings of cum sprayed in her mouth and on her face. 

She snuggled up against me, but the combination of beer and sex put me right to sleep, and of course the next morning, she was gone. Sometime during the night, my roommate had stumbled in, and he was asleep on his back, with a obvious morning hard-on under his shorts. As I lay there looking at him, my cock started to stiffen. I was naked, and on top of the sheets, but I didn't think about that as my hand drifted down my belly, wrapped around my stiff pole, and began to slowly stoke it. It felt good as it always did, and I closed my eyes for a few seconds. When I opened them, I was shocked to see Ted, my roommate, was awake, and had his hand in his shorts rubbing his hard on. He grinned when he saw my eyes open, and pushed his briefs down to expose his cock. It wasn't as big as mine, maybe 6", but it was very hard and surrounded by a thicket of black pubes. He started stroking his, and we watched each other jack off for a minute, then Ted stopped and sat up. I stopped too, curious about what he was going to do.

Once again, he grinned, and came over to my bed, and got on his knees next to it. Without hesitation or saying a word, he moved my hand off my cock and replaced it with his. I felt like I was in a trance, watching another guy's hand stroke my cock. I knew about gays, of course, but had never thought about doing anything with another guy, but it was happening, and I realized I liked what he was doing. Maybe it was just the excitement of doing something "wrong", but to me it felt better than when a girl had done the same thing a few hours ago. Then, he stopped.

"Just a second." he said, standing up and fishing around in a drawer. He came back with a tube, and squirted a clear liquid on the head of my cock and in his hand. Taking hold of my cock again, his hand glided up and down the shaft, spreading the lubricant and showing me how much pleasure a hand could give. 

I closed my eyes, and concentrated on the sweet sensations coming from my cock, and not seeing Ted using his other hand to smear lube on his ass. Like me, Ted was slender, but where I had only thin wisps of hair on my chest and groin, he had generous amounts of hair on his body. After he had lubed his asshole, Ted climbed upon the bed with me. I opened my eyes and I saw he had straddled me, with a hand behind him pointing my cock at his backside. He lowered himself, and I felt my cock head press against his hole, the puckered opening spreading and stretching around the thick bulb. His face was tight with concentration as he pushed down past the head and onto the shaft, sliding slowly and steadily down, until his ass cheeks came to rest on my hips. This was a completely different feeling than last night, my cock was gripped tight in a warm wet ring. Ted's cock was just as hard as mine, pointing straight up and twitching. Ted pushed up, drawing my cock out until only the head was inside, then letting down so it sunk back into him. It felt great, and it was equally exciting watching his cock wag up and down, a stream of precum dribbling from the tip. 

Unlike last night, I was totally into what we were doing, and was getting the familiar tingle of an orgasm building in my lower abdomen. Ted was liking it too, precum flowing steady from his cock as he bounced up and down on me. It was too much, I couldn't hold it any longer, and I reached out and grabbed his hips as the first blast of cum shot into his bowels. He settled down on me and rotated his ass as I pumped out several more wads, milking every bit of cum from me. When I was done, he took hold of his cock and stroked it with short fast strokes, bringing himself off and shooting ropes of thick cum onto my chest. I thought we were done, but instead of climbing off, he leaned forward and pressed his lips on mine. Momentarily shocked, I recovered and kissed him back, feeling like it was the thing to do. We made out with Ted on top of me until my cock shrunk and slipped out of his ass, then he found the Kleenex box and we cleaned ourselves up.

"That your first time with a guy?" he asked.

"Yeah."

"You okay?" I thought for a second before I answered. Being honest, what I had just done with Ted was more exciting than anything I had ever done with a girl, including last night.

"Yeah, I am. I liked it." He looked relieved.

"Good. It would be kinda awkward otherwise." He put an arm around my waist, and lay his head on my shoulder. Over that first semester, in public we were friendly and normal acting, but in our dorm room, we were lovers. Several times a week, we would have hot sweaty sex. I learned to suck his cock, and found I liked the feel of his cock and the taste of his cum in my mouth. We discovered that both of us liked having the other's tongue in his asshole, although only after a good hot shower. We tried every position we could think of, and after getting each other off, would kiss and fall asleep in each others arms.

After first semester finals, I packed and climbed into my parents' car, glum at the prospect of a month without Ted. He lived on the other side of the state, and had said his parents were planning to head for the coast for Christmas. Once at home, I unpacked, and flopped down on my bed. Now what? I moped around until the weekend, then went bar hopping with some high school friends. It was better than sitting around, but I was very horny, and having sex with myself wasn't what I wanted. I was sitting on a stool, leaning back against the bar, when a guy wandered over and said Hi. It was Frank, a guy from the class ahead of mine in high school. I barely recognized him, with his long shaggy hair and drooping mustache. Frank was a bit shorter than I, and thicker. Not fat by any means, just more meat on his bones. He'd been a studious kid in high school, and was in a pre-med program at a big university. We chatted over drinks, and after a while, Frank asked if I'd found a girlfriend at college.

"Nope, went on some dates (which was true), but never found anyone to get serious about (also true, if talking about females)."

"Me either." he said. "I'm taking a heavy course load, and girls are a pain in the ass anyway." Something in the way he said it caught my interest. On spur of the moment, I decided to throw a comment out there, and see how he reacted.

"Yeah, they can be." I said. "Sometimes, it's just easier to take matters into your right hand." I winked at him, and took a swallow of my drink. Frank thought my comeback was hilarious.

"Oh, hell yeah!" he laughed, and clapped me on the shoulder. He let his hand linger a bit, and I didn't make any move to shake it off, just looked at him and grinned. He grinned back, squeezed my shoulder, and slid his hand to the middle of my back. He leaned close to me. "You know, I always thought you were a cool guy." he said in a soft voice.

"Thanks. Even though we didn't hang around much in high school, I thought you were a nice guy."

"Well, if you want, we can hang out over break. If you want to, that is?"

"Sure." I said. "That would beat being bored out of my mind at home."

"My parents are gone for the weekend. Want to go to there? We can drink their booze for free." he laughed. I agreed, thinking there might be something going on here, and hoping I was right. Frank drove us to his parents' house, and I called home and told Mom I was safe and would be home the next day. While I was on the phone, Frank had disappeared into his bedroom. I had just hung up when he returned, wearing a dark blue bath robe. He fixed drinks for us, and we went to a room in the back of the house. There was a pool table and a bar, and the doors opened to the back yard where I saw an in-ground pool. 

"Nice place, very nice." I said, and turned around. Frank was sitting at the bar, and the lower part of his robe had opened. I could see that he was naked underneath, with a nice cock laying along the inside of his leg. Pretending not to notice, I sidled over to the bar, and leaned against it. The sight of his cock was making mine get hard, making a bulge in the front of my jeans. Frank glanced down and saw it, and a sly grin crossed his face. I took a drink, as when I did, Frank gave a tug on the belt of his robe, letting the robe open all the way. Now that things were literally out in the open, I set my glass down, moved closer to him, and put my hand on his cock. Frank didn't say a word, just put his palm on my bulge, and rubbed up and down. His cock was growing in my hand, and as I started to stroke it, I closed the distance between us, and kissed him. Things moved fast from there, our clothes came off, and we were on the plush rug on the floor, kissing and rubbing our cocks together. I grabbed the cheek of his ass and squeezed, it was round and soft, today it would be called a bubble butt. Sliding my middle finger into his cleft, I found the puckered ring of muscle, and pushed the tip inside. 

"Mmmm, that's nice. You can put something else there if you want." he purred. I did want, and told him so. He bounced up, and rushed to his room, returning with a small plastic jar. Unlike Ted's clear liquid, this was a whitish cream. Frank set it on the floor, got on his hands and knees, and pushed his ass up in the air. I smeared the cream on his ass ring, and pushed some inside with a finger. After coating my cock with it, I got on my knees behind him, and rubbed my cockhead against his brown hole. It felt not as tight as Ted's, and when I gave a push it slipped in with little effort. Frank sighed, and pushed back against me, taking the rest of my cock to its base. Grasping his hips, I started fucking him, slapping against his ass cheeks and drawing back out in a rapid tempo.

"Aaahh, that's it, fuck me. Fuck me with your big fucking cock." I liked his dirty talk, and started to bang into him harder. Frank arched his back and threw his head back, taking everything I could give him. Once again, a little alcohol helped me hold off, but I was moving too fast to last forever. After a few minutes, I pushed as deep into him as I could, and emptied my balls inside him.

I pulled out, and my cum dribbled out of his ass. Frank rolled over, and started to jack himself, but I pushed his hand out of the way and took his cock in my mouth. He was longer than me, but thinner, and it fit in my mouth just right. Soon I had Frank thrusting his hips, trying to get it deeper in my mouth. Swishing my tongue around the head, I jacked away at the shaft, and was rewarded with a flood of cum in my mouth. I swallowed most, but some leaked out and ran down onto my hand. We cleaned up, drank some beer, and talked for a long time. Frank had known early on that he was attracted to men, and through high school and into college had several partners. I was amazed at how many guys in and near our small town were into gay sex, and I was very interested when he told of a place at the state park that was a well-known cruising spot. He noticed my cock getting hard, and soon we were back at it, kissing each other with hunger and need, our hands roaming freely, stroking cocks and probing asses.

Frank stopped to lube up his hole, then settled down on his back his legs up in the air and spread wide. I wasted no time plunging into his warm slick hole, and lay down on top of him, our arms wrapped around each other. Like a pair of newlyweds, we kissed and tongued while I fucked him, giving him my full length on every stroke.

"That's it, you fucking stud, fuck me, fuck me hard." Frank gasped out as I pounded into him, my hips making a wet smack every time I slapped against his ass. I must have been in just the right the position, because Frank started to whimper and twist around under me.

"Oh, oh,oh, gonna cum, gonna..." I felt him stiffen, and I looked down just in time to see gobs of cum spurt onto his belly. It was enough to push me over the edge, and gripped his body tight as I blew my own load, coating his insides with my cum. "Mmmm, that was sooo good." Frank whispered, giving me a wet kiss. We stayed in that position for a while, holding each other and kissing.

We fucked again in the morning, standing up next to the bed. Frank orgasmed from being fucked again, and when I pulled out of his ass, my cum dripped out to fall on the floor with his. We cleaned up the mess, and ourselves, and Frank drove me to my house. We spent a lot of time together over break, then too soon it was over and we went our separate ways for second semester. Ted and I picked up where we had left off, and spent almost every night sucking each other off, or me fucking his tight little hole. Then it was finals week, and we had one last hot sweaty fuck before we said goodbye. I was kind of sad, I really liked Ted, but I was also looking forward to seeing Frank again, so my mood had improved by the time my parents picked me up. After I had unpacked, I called Frank's house, and was dismayed when his mother said he was staying at school to take summer classes. Thanking her, and hanging up, I pondered what I was going to do.

Since my high school buddies weren't home yet, I was at loose ends. I hung around the house for a couple of days, doing chores for my parents. Finally, I remembered what Frank had said about the state park, and asked if I could borrow a vehicle that evening. With a combination of fear and excitement, I set out for the park on the edge of town. It wasn't a big park, but it had a nice lake in the center, and the park roads wound around the lake, with picnic shelters off the road in several places. Driving around the lake, I came to a parking area on the far side. It was as Frank had described it, a gravel lot with no lights, a bathhouse off to the side of the picnic shelters, and a couple of trails leading off to a beach. There was a car in the lot, but it appeared to be empty. I looked in the bathhouse, it was empty too, so I wandered down to the beach. It wasn't much, just a stretch of sand and gravel, but there were a couple of picnic tables, and it was a popular spot for parties. Tonight, it was quiet, except for a single person sitting at one of the tables, gazing off out over the water.

I stopped, but he must have heard me, because he turned his head, and seeing me, waved at me. I waved back. He didn't seem threatening, so I walked down to the table. In the moonlight, I could see he was an older guy, maybe in his 40's. he was slender, with short graying hair, and a goatee. Dressed in a colorful shirt, and a pair of gym shorts, he was a nice looking guy. 

"Have a seat, I don;'t bite." he said with a grin. So I sat down and stretched out my legs. "This your first time here?" he asked.

"Yeah, a friend told me about it."

"I see. Did your friend tell you what goes on?"

"Yeah, he did." He didn't say anything for a minute, then turned and looked at me.

"How old are you?" he asked.

"20." He nodded, and looked away. 

"Have you done stuff with a guy?"

"Yeah, a couple of guys, one at college."

"You a top, or a bottom?"

"I'm a top." I said. He nodded again.

"Ever done it with an older guy?" he asked, looking at me.

"No, but you seem like a nice guy, and you're god looking." He chuckled, and lay his hand on my leg.

"Thanks, I appreciate that." He looked at me again, then leaned over to kiss me. I met him halfway, and felt a rush of excitement as our tongues twisted and probed. His hand slid over to rest on the bulge my cock was making, and stopped kissing. "That's a nice one. Let's see it." I stood up and pushed down my shorts, my cock springing free and standing proud. "Oh yeah." he murmured, and pulled me close to him, slipping his mouth over the head, and licking it inside his mouth.

He was a good cocksucker, and my legs soon felt weak, I put a hand on his back to steady myself, and closed my eyes to concentrate on the incredible feelings his tongue and mouth were giving me. He taking half my length into his mouth, then pulling it out to the head, his lips clamped on my shaft, and his tongue going nonstop. Just when I thought I was going to blow, he stopped, and stood . There was a sleeping bag on the bench next to him, and he spread it out on top of the table. Then he took his clothes off, revealing a lean body with a lot of grayish black hair. His cock was small, but sticking out hard with precum smeared on the head. I undressed too, and we came back together and kissed, holding each other tight and grinding our cocks together. He broke the kiss, had me bend over the table, and got on his knees behind me. Spreading my ass cheeks, he stuck out his tongue, and gave a wet swipe across my hole. Already excited, it was like a jolt of electricity. I jerked, but he held me in place, and licked me again, then probed at the hole with the tip. He was as good at licking ass as he was at kissing, and soon I had a steady drip of precum stringing from the end of my cock. I was so hard, it almost hurt, and I wanted to bury it deep in his ass.

He must have read my mind, because he stopped, and fetched a tube of sex lube from his shorts pocket. Bending over table, he smeared it on himself, then handed it to me. While i greased up my cock, he climbed on the table, and got on his back, pulling his legs up to expose his slick asshole to me. Throwing a leg over each shoulder, I stepped close, and guided my cock to the target. Like Frank, this guy had been fucked before, and I slid inside without straining. It was still a good tight fit, and felt great as I started to pump my full length in and out. He looked like he liked it too, his eyes were shut tight, and his mouth open, grunting every time I bottomed out against his ass. In the heat of a summer evening, I soon worked up a sweat, drops falling off my forehead into his pubes. His small cock was rock hard, and bobbing in time with each stroke. As I stared at it, it started to ooze precum, a little at first, then a steady stream until he had a puddle around his navel.
